The Life Of Alexandria
Drama Of Epic Proportion

By M'tain A. Dubois

For all the people who have had bad things happen to them in their life keep the faith.
M'tain



Copyright 2013 By M'tain A. Dubois


Smashwords Edition

This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons either living or deceased is purely coincidental. Names, places, characters and incidents are products of the authors' imagination or are used fictitiously. The author holds the rights to this work. It is illegal to reproduce this novel without written expressed consent from the author himself.

Chapter 1

The alarm went off and the only thought I had was "Maybe I'll get lucky and someone will have broken in and killed the witch while I slept."
"Alexandria! For the last time get up!" Yelled the oven I was cooked in confirming that indeed my prayers hadn't been answered and she still lived. "I don't know how someone that stays so fit and active can be so lazy at the same time." She said opening my door without knocking as usual. "Alex don't ignore me!" She demanded as I pulled the covers over my head. "Alexandria Jaden Holt! Get your butt out of bed!" She fumed pulling my warm covers off of me.
"God Haile! For heaven's sake leave me alone I'm getting up!" I snapped pulling the covers out of her hands. 
 Placing her hands on her hips in full disappointment fashion she scowled at me. "How many times have I told you about calling me by my name instead of mother?"
"When you start acting like a mother I'll start calling you that." I shot back hoping to wound her.
"Well I can see that the day is starting off wonderful as usual." My father chimed in before the war between us could go nuclear.
My father was a great man in every sense of the word, how he ended up with my mother I'll never know for sure. He always told me that my mother was a wonderful, kind and beautiful person that captured his heart the second he met her. He reasoned that it was hard for me to see that right now because I am a female teenage girl and the two of us just clash due to hormones. 
My father's name is Richard Felix Holt, sergeant in the Albuquerque police department. He's been decorated more times than I can remember and everyone will tell you that there is no one finer in the world to have as a friend. 
Without my father in my life I would have gone insane ages ago, he's the only thing in this family worth hanging around for. As you can no doubt tell when it comes to my so called mother Haile Ann Holt I'd assume never had known her, I always hear or read about those mothers that take off at birth abandoning their children and I think. "Why couldn't I have been that lucky?"
Maybe all this sounds a little harsh so I should explain a little further, Haile was always on me about everything I do and say. There was the time I started my homework two minutes later than she wanted and as a result spent an hour in the corner for it, stupid idea in my opinion. I couldn't see how standing in the corner was getting my homework done.
Then another time my boyfriend (Back before he was my boyfriend) walked me home and at the end of the walk went to kiss me. Needless to say she flipped out flinging the door open like a crazy person grabbing me inside while at the same time grabbing a broom so she could proceed to chase him half way down the block.
I yelled at her unable to believe what happened. "What the hell are you doing?"
"Saving you from months of pain and humiliation at the hands of a boy who just wants to use you!" She retorted like her insanity was for my benefit.
"You don't even know anything about him!" I protested.
"I know everything that I need to! He is captain of the football team! He has a winning smile that can melt hearts! He is wanted by every girl!"
As she rambled on I suddenly realized that she was quoting things I had written in my personal journal.
"You read my journal?!" I questioned trembling in anger.
Hesitating for a moment she finally fixed her jaw in defiance. "You left me no choice! You never talk to me about anything! How else am I supposed to be a part of your life?"
"I don't want you in my life making judgments and rules that are outdated for even a fifties house wife! I love Kevin and he loves me!" I yelled pushing past her.
Those were just a couple of examples but you get the point. However my dad is the other end of the spectrum. He always understands no matter what the problem is, he doesn't yell, he talks, he doesn't violate privacy, he respects and cherishes it.
Case in point this morning little tiff, he'll have it resolved in seconds.
"Haile why don't you head down stairs and meet us at the breakfast table, Alex and I will be along shortly I promise." He smiled giving her a light kiss on the lips which nearly made me gag.
Haile looked like she was going to argue it at first but after the kiss she softened will a look of love before smiling at me like we were the best of friends. "I'll see you both down stairs."
"Alex is it absolutely necessary to antagonize your mother?" He asked me leaning on the door as he waited for permission to enter my room.
"Necessary? Not at all, fun, but not at all necessary." I said rather proud of my cleaver answer until his look made me look away. "Sorry dad, it's just she doesn't respect anything I do! I heard her calling for me to get out of bed and would she have given me half a chance I would have been up right away but as usual she had to charge in here like I'm still two years old! I'm not a child anymore!" I huffed.
"No you are not, but neither are you an adult honey. You still live under our house and with that are certain rules and responsibilities that I know you can fulfill whenever you choose, you are intelligent, beautiful and responsible Alex, you'll have to forgive your mother and I if every once and a while we still see you as our little girl in pigtails that needs us to do everything for her." He smiled. "I'll tell you what honey, both of us will try harder to treat you with the love and respect you deserve as a young adult if you try to hold up your end of the that deal and act like it."
With a smile I ran up to him and hugged him tightly. "Thank dad, for everything."
He gave me a kiss on the top of my head and a playful wink before turning tail and heading down stairs to make Haile happy and buy me some time.
Invigorated by his speech I jumped out of bed cleaning my room in record time before hopping in the shower and making myself look better than most movie stars do if I don't say so myself.
Skipping down the stairs I headed into the dining room and slid into my chair where breakfast was waiting for me, it was scrambled eggs, bacon and toast. Not my favorite food in the world to eat during the morning but what did I expect? It's not like Haile even knew what I liked to eat these days.
I wolfed down the breakfast doing my best not to gag in accordance with the agreement my father and I had made.
"How was breakfast?" Questioned Haile insistently.
"Editable." Was about the best compliment I could muster for now. 
"Let me grab my keys and I can give you a ride to school." Haile said getting up from the table.
"That's okay, Kevin is going to take me." I said grabbing my bag and heading for the door.
Frowning at the mention of my boyfriends name she quickly hid the look. "Well at least let me make you a lunch, I just bought some new lunch meat and chips."
"That's ok, dad already gave me some money." I answered triumphantly. 
"Richard? You gave her money for that unhealthy snack bar they like going to?" She said shaking her head.
"Everyone needs to have a little junk food every once in a while." He shrugged grabbing his keys and heading for the door.
As he opened it Kevin came tumbling in as his fist had no door to tap on, catching him at the last second my dad helped him to his feet.
"You alright Kevin?" He laughed dusting him off.
"Yes sir, I'm just trying to get in some practice dropping to one knee." He said bashfully looking at me.
Looking at my father I wasn't sure what to expect as an answer to what Kevin had just awkwardly said. My father stood at six feet tall with blonde hair and blue eyes, he was built like a tank sturdy and unbreakable with hands that looked like it could crush a persons head. 
Compared to him Kevin looked like a rag doll, his five foot six thin and wiry frame looked laughable but as always his green eyes enchanted me easily.
"You're a little young to be making jokes about marriage Kevin, besides marriage is a serious thing in of itself." Haile chimed in ruining the scene as usual.
Haile was five foot six with dark brown hair that was just past shoulder length offsetting her honey colored eyes and hour glass figure, I guess that from an objective stand point she wasn't bad looking but be that has it may she still wasn't good enough for my dad.
"Relax Haile it was just a joke, everyone else jokes in the world can't you just try to have a sense of humor?" I sighed.
"My sense of humor is fine but marriage should never be joked about Alex, that's one of the problems in the world today. No one respects the sanctity of marriage."
"Thank you Dr. Phil." My dad laughed rolling his eyes at me. "Maybe the rest of the world doesn't respect the sanctity of marriage but I do, now give me a taste of those sugar lips before I head out to make the city a better place." He said pulling her into a passionate kiss despite her protests that we were watching. 
"You kids better head out before you end up being late." Haile said without looking at us.
"Always a pleasure to see you Mr. and Mrs. Holt." Kevin said as the two of us closed the door and headed to his motorcycle.
"You're such an ass kisser." I told him giving him a quick taste of my own lips before holding on tightly to his waist.
"Maybe, or maybe you're just making an honest man out of me already." He winked quickly.
"Kind of loose the way you're throwing around the term man I'd say." I laughed
"Just give me the chance finally and I'll prove to you just how much of a man I am." He hollered over his shoulder with an evil grin.
I didn't know how to respond to that comment, Kevin and I had been dating for almost a year now but I had made him wait to do anything under the clothes, there was no doubt that I believed I was falling head over heels in love with him but I just wasn't ready yet to go further. At first it had been fine with him but lately he had been pushing more insistently for stuff to happen.
Taking the safe route I leaned into whisper in his ear. "When the time is right you can show me all your moves."
Maybe it was a vague response but right now it was the best I could muster, thankfully we were finally pulling up to the school where I'd be safe from his hormones for a while.


Chapter 2

The bell had barely began to ring but already I felt late for my first class in Y-hall, West Mesa wasn't a bad school as far as schools went. In fact I had quite a bit of school pride, I had ran into a few people from other schools like Rio Grande and Cibola who thought that they were all that and a bag of chips but truthfully they were all hoes and skanks. 
Here at West Mesa on the cheer team no less we didn't ever take well to somebody slandering our school, don't get me wrong we all talked trash about our school but that was our right, it is our school.
Walking into my literary class I took a quick glance around to see who decided to show up today, there was my personal nemesis Katie who I could have done without, my female friend and co-captain Janet was there and so was my male best friend Hal who in true Hal fashion was attempting for the third time in this short year to fit as many pennies up his nose as possible.
"Hey Alex look! Ten this time!" He beamed with pride as his nose bulged from the coins.
"You're such a spas Hal." I laughed.
 "More like an idiot if you ask me." Katie mouthed.
"Nobody asked you Katie." Janet snapped pushing past her.
"Like I need your permission." She said sitting in her seat like she was the queen or something.
"You see that's the problem you run into when an animal slips its leash the creature begins to think it doesn't need to answer to anyone." Hal said sitting right behind here and kicking his feet up on her chair to annoy her further, god bless him.
"Ms. Holden! Hal is kicking me with his feet!" Katie whined flicking her chocolate curled hair backwards in drama queen fashion.
With a sigh Ms. Holden just stared at Hal with a murderous look warning him to make the right decision on his own, a silly thought considering we all knew his aptitude for making the right choice in any given situation.
Katie huffed elbowing Hal's feet in frustration but with her perfect make-up and Hollywood looks it came of as more babyish than adult. After a few seconds longer of elbowing Katie whipped around ready to argue but to her horror Hal had leaned in and sneak a kiss from her risking his health for a joke.
"O.M.G?what the hell is wrong with you?" She yelled making a scene as she shot out of her chair knocking everything to the ground.
"Well, not to be mean but I think I felt a crab or two abandon your ship and come over to mine during the lip lock." He answered scratching at his tongue.
"That's it! Mr. Martinez you just bought a ticket to the principal's office!" The teacher snapped.
"Wow, I'm not sure how I accomplished that I'm so poor most of the time I can't even pay attention." He smiled grabbing his things.
"Smooth move." I whispered to him as his walked by.
"It was worth it." He whispered back before turning at the door and raising his voice. "Now don't you crazy kids go and have too much fun without me." He shouted exiting the room in a bow.
"Why do I one day see is picture on the wall at Wal-Mart?" I questioned to Janet.
"As a missing person or a criminal?" She giggled asking the question.
"Both." I murmured the answer under my breath with the teacher watching.
"Now if there are no more interruptions we can continue." Ms. Holden said turning back to the board.
"How this boring work will help us in real life is beyond me." I said more to myself than anyone else.
"Pay attention Alexandria, I would hate it if your grades slipped and you got kicked off the team." Katie said smugly. 
"Unlike you I am not pathetic and have more of a life than just cheerleading." I snapped.
"You think you're so high and mighty with your perfect little life don't you?" She questioned opening her compact to adjust her makeup.
"I don't think I am better than you Katie, I know I am." I grinned.
"One day you are gonna fall of that pedestal of yours and when you do when you look up from the ground broken and hurting you'll see me standing over you." She growled flipping me off at the same time.
"Not even on your best day." I sneered back focusing on my work in the hopes of drowning her out.
Thankfully she didn't pursue the conversation any further, lucky for her because if she had I would have got up and beat here to a pulp. The rest of the class went by really quick after that following so fast that before I knew it most of the day was gone.
At lunch I went to my usual spot under the mustang with the rest of my click, Hal was on food duty today so I was sure that the meal would be extra junky and extra fattening. Now most cheerleaders wouldn't have dared touched such food but myself and Janet didn't care.
Janet didn't care because she was blessed with a metabolism that gifted her with a perfect body no matter what she shoveled into her black hole of a mouth. Standing at five four her hour glass figure looked like something you would see on America's next top model rather than a school yard, her chocolate skin was perfect and her jade green eyes were to die for offsetting her jet black hair.
Often times I would look down at my five three frame that was a little thicker than hers but still an hourglass shape none the less, unlike Janet though I had to work very hard to maintain my shape. Every night I worked out hard before doing laps in our pool at home but because of this I could eat whatever I wanted whenever I wanted. My auburn hair was straight and long following down to my waist and my blue eyes matched perfectly  with my milky colored skin but truthfully I always thought she was better looking. Which in turn brought me to my boyfriend.
Kevin was a hunk by all girls standards, he could have any girl in or out of school that he wanted which often made me question, why me?
"What's on your mind beautiful?" He questioned noticing my gaze had lingered on him.
"Just thinking how lucky I am to have you as my boyfriend." I said happily.
"Why don't you show some real appreciation by opening up that sweet zone you keep locked up tight?" Added his ape friend Gus horrifying me.
"Show some manners you big ape!" Hal said pushing him.
"Mind your business Hal before I knock some sense into you, just because your Alexandria's little pet doesn't mean I won't kick your ass." He snapped shooting to his feet.
"You do and first you'll have to go through me!" Kevin shouted getting in Gus' face.
Staring at him for a second Gus finally backed down. "Calm down bro I was just playing around."
"If you're going to play why not do it in traffic? Coors isn't far from here." Janet added.
"Whatever I'm outta here, I'll see you at practice dog." Gus said slapping Kevin's hand before trudging off through the courtyard.
"Why are we friends with him again?" Hal questioned as he watched him part the crowd.
"You're not, we are." Kevin answered clearly annoyed still.
"Okay, so why are you guys' friends with him?" He rephrased.
"I grew up with him, he's my teammate and if it came down to it between the two of you I would choose him, the only reason I defended you was because Alex cares for you." He said flatly gathering his things. "I gotta get out of here, I'll catch you later babe." He said giving me a kiss before running off.
"Wow touch!" Hal said flopping down next to me.
"Why do you always have to start with everyone?" I snapped not meaning to.
"Oh I'm sorry next time I'll just sit there well he says you should spread those thighs for Kevin." Hal sulked scooting away from me a little.
"It was none of your business! I don't need you to protect me Hal." I shouted drawing a little attention.
"No you have Mr. perfect who just let the comment slide right?" He shouted back grabbing his stuff. "Yeah he does a real good job defending you when sex is concerned, you know what? Whatever, I'm out of here."
As he stomped off I watched so furious that I was trembling.
"Where does he get off talking to me like that?" I demanded looking at Janet like she had the answer.
"He was completely out of line." She smiled.
"You're teasing me." I said staring at her.
"Not at all Alex, but I have a question, how long are you planning on making Kevin wait?" She asked completely stunning me. 
"I don't know, till it feels right." I answered methodically.
"Come on Alex this is me you're talking to." She reasoned.
"Truthfully? I don't know if I plan to any time soon."
"He's not going to wait forever you know." She said flatly.
"You think he'd dump me because I haven't screwed him?" I said pissed off at the thought. "He wouldn't do that." 
"He's a teenage guy, even if he doesn't break up with you he's going to find someone to screw eventually." She said grabbing her own things as the warning bell went off. "Just think about it Alex, Kevin is a good guy, don't lose him because you're scared."
"Yeah, you're right, thanks Janet." I said joining her as we both made our way to C-hall.
Breezing through my last classes I ran to the parking lot to jump on the back of Kevin's bike but instead was surprised by the appearance of Haile pulling up.
"Get in Alex, I thought that it would be nice if you and I went to the mall and got some new clothes." She said with her fake smile.
"I have a lot of homework to get done and I was planning to study with my friends over at Janet's house." I answered quickly.
"Interesting since I just talked with Janet's mom and we are all going shopping together, it's strange that she didn't mention the study group." She smiled again.
"I guess Janet hadn't asked her yet." I guessed hoping the cover up would hold.
"Well now it's a mote point since we are all going shopping and during the ride their both of you can do your homework." She suggested opening the door.
"Lucky us." I said as I watched Janet waving her arms around in protest across the parking lot while talking to her own mother.
Together we drove to our street and dropped off one of the vehicles and loaded into our SUV, sitting in the back with Janet I thought it best to open with an apology.
"I'm sorry about this, Haile has no bounds and worse yet she is like a bloodhound."  I said.
"Don't worry about it, we'll make it through this together." She smiled. 


Chapter 3

Richard was having a normal day as far his days went, so far he had taken three calls, one mugging, a domestic dispute and a robbery. Through out everything though his thoughts drifted again and again to his home life, the problems between his wife and daughter had been getting worse as of late and it was starting to effect his own happiness.
He wasn't sure what he could do to help the situation any longer, he wanted to do right by them both but there just didn't seem to be common ground. 
"Maybe this lunch we can make some head way in their dealings." He thought.
With a frustrated breath he stood up from his desk grabbing anything that he might need after his lunch.
"Penny for your thoughts." A heavy set man said lumbering over to stand in front of him.
"Detective Jones, to what do I owe this honor?" Richard questioned with a raised eyebrow.
"The unhappy look on your face." He smiled.
"Family troubles, that's all." He answered with a sigh.
"Why you ever got married I'll never know!" He laughed slapping him on the back. "This job with all the female opportunities it comes with is no place for a married man if you ask me."
Pushing past him forcefully Richard growls. "Yeah well I didn't ask you."
"What do you say we take off early and get a drink?" He questioned grabbing Richard's arm.
"No can do old friend I have a lunch date with my wife and kid, we're meeting at the mall and having some food with Janet Reno and her mother June, then I have a full day of cases I have to go through."
"Whoa there, you are having lunch with June Reno? The widow?" He questioned intently.
"Yeah. So?" Richard asked.
"Miss Universe 1989? That June Reno?"
"For the last time yes, why?"
"I say you drop the wife and kids for a day or so and get some of that, or better yet just drop that wife and move on to her." He said slyly.
"You're sick." Richard said pulling his arm away and storming off.
"Don't tell me you have never thought about being with her! Every guy in his right mind has!" He shouted after him.
The drive to the mall was quicker than he had meant it to be, still fuming from the conversation earlier Richard used his police lights to get there and get it over with as soon as possible.
The shopping had been dreadful so far, it wasn't even Janet and Alex that were shopping it was more like they had been brought for decoration, like dolls the two girls were paraded into the shops dressed in what the parents decided and then paraded back out again. The few times that the two girls voiced their opinions the wants fell on deaf ears.
Finally the two girls were given a reprieve when they headed to the food court in the Coronado mall and were given money and free reign to choose what they wished.
"How can they call this shopping when we are little more then slaves walking around and doing what we are told?" I asked.
"I'm just glad to be out of the house at all, since my father died my mom doesn't really want to do much." Janet said with a saddened tone.
"I'm sorry Janet, here I am complaining about my parents and forgetting about your problems, some jerk of a friend I am." I answered shamefully. 
"Your dad's going to be here right?" She asked hopefully.
Ever since her father had died my dad had kind of become her father figure taking her to father daughter stuff and inviting her and her mother to family picnics and stuff.
"He said that he would and if there is one thing you can count on my dad always keeps his word." I smiled grabbing my food and heading to the table with her in tow.
 "Well you girls certainly seem to have an appetite." Haile said happily picking at her salad and looking pale.
"It's been a long day and we're planning on eating our troubles away." I answered tearing into my hamburger.
"Thank you for the day out Haile, it's been a while since I took a day to shop." June said absently picking at her food.
"I'm sorry that it hadn't been sooner June." She said half heartedly. "I have just been so tired lately and with all the school stuff going on with the PTA I've just been swamped, I'll try to make more time for us to spend together."
"Don't worry Haile you do more than enough for me and your family." June answered.
"Yeah right." I whispered to Janet. "The only thing she ever does for me is keep up my arguing skills."
"I didn't want to say anything but I heard my mom talking on the phone the other day and she was saying that your mom has missed the last four PTA meetings, instead she has them email her the stuff that needs to be done and then she does it." Janet whispers.
"My god, that is a new level of laziness even for her." I shot back.
I was about to get up and ask her why she has been missing all the meetings but right then my dad showed up with his million dollar smile.
"I'm sorry for running late everyone, it's nice to see that you didn't wait for me girls I can't have my two favorite ladies starving." 
"Hello honey." Haile smiled giving him a very friendly peck on the cheek instead of a real kiss because they were in public.
With a frown at the lack of affection my father forced a smile before continuing onto give a big hug to June. "And how are you doing June?" He questioned.
"I am?surviving Richard, thank you for asking." She answered in her normal methodical tone.
"I don't mean to be forward June but I have a number of single friends that you might be interested in, that is if you are ready." He said pulling out his wallet.
Silence filled the air in a bubble around the table as the words just hung in the air like a cartoon. 
"Listen you don't have to decide now but if you choose to the option is there." He quickly added to break the silence. 
As he walked off both June and Haile watched to make sure he was out of ear shot before thy talked about what just happened.
"I'm sorry if he pushed you." Haile quickly apologized to save face like she had said it.
"It's really no problem at all Haile, Richard is very sweet to even be thinking of my feelings." June smiled focusing on her food.
"If there is anything we can do for you at all don't hesitate to ask us okay." Haile smiled pushing away her half eaten salad like it was pure evil.
"As a matter of fact there is some work that needs to be done on the house, if you could spare Richard for a few hours sometime I'd be in your debt." She answered more playing with her food rather then eating it until she noticed Haile plate pushed away from her. "What's wrong? Was the food not good?"
"It was fine, it just not sitting right with my stomach." She half grinned holding her stomach for a second. "As for Richard what ever you need him for I'm sure he'll be happy to help."
"What's that?" My dad asked returning to the table.
"June was saying that he has some chores that require the touch of a man and I told her that you would be more than happy to help out with them whenever you have the time of course." Haile answers.
"Sure, I'd love to help out it's the least I can do for you guys." He smiled happily. "Robert was like a brother to me."
"That would give Janet and I some extra time to hang out." I said happily. 
"You have far too many responsibilities for that right now, besides you are still grounded from that little sneaking out thing you pulled last week." Haile chimed in.
"That's right, but perhaps Janet could instead come over and spend a little time with our family." My dad suggested saving my sanity.
Suddenly little miss Haile decided that she would grab all the attention by feigning that she was in massive pain holding her stomach.
"What's wrong honey?" My dad jumped up coming to her aid.
"It's just my stomach, it's been hurting a lot lately, probably just stress from everything." She said holding her hand up to her forehead all dramatically.
"I guess the fun day of shopping is over." I sighed standing up and throwing the rest of my food in the trash, for some reason I had just lost my appetite.
"Maybe we should take you to the hospital?" Suggested June.
"No!" Haile said a little too quickly in my opinion. "No?I'll be fine I just need to get some rest, if you don't mind Richard would you take June and Janet home for me?"
"It's on my way to the station anyway." He answered still furrowing his brow at the quick change of subject.
"Can Janet come over for a while?" I blurted out. 
"Not today Alex, I need you to help clean the house and get dinner started maybe another time." Haile answered before anyone else could.
"Great I'll just squeeze all that in between my homework and regular chores no problem." I said sarcastically, naturally I was a little distraught at the thought of my up coming manual labor.
"Alexandria your mother needs help because she's not feeling well, please for me will you do a little extra tonight? I promise I'll make it up to you, besides just think of this as life experience that will someday come in handy."
I just couldn't say no to my dad. "Okay dad you got it."


Chapter 4

The drive home felt like a funeral procession, mine. Luckily I got to ride with the crypt keeper yapping in my ear the whole time, she was rambling on about the importance of living life to the fullest and learning the homemaker skills that would help me later in life.
When we pulled up to the house my "mom" seemed just fine to me, in fact she seemed better than okay. The moment we were inside she was all like do this and clean that, no I wasn't folding that right, it was better if done this way so it saved time. When cooking this the temperature should be at this and you should add this and taste that, god, blah, blah, blah.
You would think that's where it would end but no such luck for me, instead she went on to teach me how to balance a checkbook and keep track of the money online, I think in the four hours of time we spent together I died and was reborn as an accountant slash mother of the year.
I never thought that I would ever utter these words but I found myself saying them gladly. "Can I please go to my room and do my homework?"
Incredulously she gave me a dirty look. "Fine, we can finish going over more stuff tomorrow."
As I trudged off up the stairs I knew that there was no way I would find the time or energy to workout tonight, in fact I was more than ready to just lie down and die. "Why god did you cruse me with this parent? Why can't she just disappear?"
I got to my homework finishing it pretty quickly which gave me just enough time to get a call into Kevin before dinner would start. "Hey handsome you thinking missing me yet?"
"I was just thinking about you." He answered out of breath.
"Yeah? What were you doing exactly? You sound out of breath." I said suspiciously.
Laughing a little he answered. "I was working out, why what did you picture me doing you naughty girl?" He hinted for a little bit of naughty talk.
"Guess." I said baiting him.
"Well I was just about to jump in the shower?naked." He said awkwardly.
I couldn't help but laugh at his lack of ability in the talking sexy department. "Nice slick."
"Yeah this just isn't working, probably because we don't have anything real to base it on." He said spitefully. 
"Low blow." I snapped.
"I wish?" He said with the words trailing off.
"Listen I didn't call you to start a fight, I just wanted to talk to my loving boyfriend, is he around by chance?" 
"Sorry he's busy trying to make a key to your chastity belt, maybe you can try calling back later." He snickered.
"Maybe if he's lucky." I said hanging up the phone to get the last word before heading downstairs where my father was standing over my mother with a concerned look on his face.
"What's going on?" I asked mildly interested.
"Your mother isn't feeling well again." He answered checking her vitals. "That's it we're taking you to the hospital Haile."
"There's nothing that they can do at the hospital." She said flatly which grabbed both of our attention.
"What do you mean they can't do anything?" He asked staring at her blankly.
"It's time I told you both the truth, a couple of weeks ago I was diagnosed with liver and blood cancer, I started treatment at the beginning of the week and the chemo is starting to make me very sick, that's why I've been so tired lately. I've tried to keep up with my duties as a wife and mother but it's been increasingly difficult. As the weeks go by I'm going to eventually be stuck in bed because the cancer is winning the fight."
"My god, I'm sorry honey I had no idea, why didn't you tell me sooner?"  My father said beginning to cry.
"I didn't want to worry you and I was hoping that it could be fought and killed right away." She answered cupping his face in her hand.
At this moment I have to tell you that as cold as it may seem I was actually happy at the news of her being infected with a deadly disease. Finally my prayers had been answered and the wicked witch of the west's reign would come to an end. 
Just think of it, no more problems holding back our family and ruining my life, my dad and I would be happy at last and then maybe we could find someone worth a damn for once.
"How long do you have?" I asked in a low tone.
"Alex!" My dad chided upset at the question.
"It's a fair question." Haile said looking past him at me. "They give me maybe a year with treatment if the cancer responses."
I stayed quiet at the news, not because it hit me or anything but because I dreaded another year with Haile and not just normal Haile but cancer Haile in full victim mode and I just knew that I was gonna get stuck with her whining to me.
On the plus side though her being sick meant that she would be stuck in the hospital or up in her bed and that meant she would effectively be unable to interfere with my life.
"Maybe if you stayed in the hospital and got treatment daily it would help." I suggested. "Dad and I can take care of everything here while you're getting treatment."
"I wouldn't want to leave the family just like that." Haile argued.
"Alex is right we could handle things around here, right now all you have to worry about is getting better." My dad reasoned.
"That's not fair to you guys." She said in a tired voice.
"Fair or not it is what we are going to do, tomorrow we are checking you into Presbyterian."  He said firmly.
The next morning was all sunshine and birds singing, the air smelled like roses and every piece of food I ate was like a gourmet meal as we drove to the hospital to check in Haile. My dad checked me out of school for the day so I could deal with the massive change in our lives which I liked just fine, I was already over it.
"So what happens now?" I asked my dad as we stood at the counter waiting for the nurse to finish checking us in.
"Now we will go to our moms room and spend sometime with her until the doctor gives her something for the pain she is in, then it would be best if we gave her time to rest." He answered flatly.
"Are you going to be okay dad?" I asked growing a little concerned for the first time.
"I'm fine Alex, why don't you catch the bus and head home so I can have some time alone with your mother. You can visit her later."
"But dad I don't mind?"
"I wasn't asking!" He said raising his voice and snapping at me so fiercely that I jumped a little bit.
"Yes dad." I sulked heading back towards the door.
"Alex." He called getting my attention right before I walked out the door.
"Yes?"
"Things are different now, I'm sorry but it's going to be difficult." He said rubbing his temples. "Prepare yourself for that."
As I walked out of the hospital my dads words kind of haunted me, I knew that things were going to be different now, in fact I was counting on it but when he said it somehow the feeling I got was of dread not happiness and I didn't like that at all.
I looked at the bus and instantly decided that I wasn't about to jump on that thing, so I called up Kevin who was more than happy to play hooky and come get me.
Forty minutes later we were on the road pulling into my driveway at home. "Are you going to let me walk you in?" Kevin asked.
"Of course." I said pulling him up the driveway until we were inside the house.
Once inside the house all of my inhibitions came crashing down as we made our way up to my room, kissing passionately Kevin slowly started to undress me and I him as my heart started beating a million times a minute at the thought of what we were about to do, but right before anything could happen my dad's car pulled into the driveway with the familiar sound of the garage opening.
Quickly we redressed and ran down the stairs just in time to act like we were sitting on the couch watching television.
Absent minded my dad walked in tossing his keys on the counter as he headed straight to the bar in the house and poured himself a drink like we didn't even exist.  
"Dad?" I said finally getting his attention as he slammed his third drink.
"Oh Alex I didn't see you there. Hello Kevin." He said unenthusiastically.
"I'm sorry to hear about Mrs. Holt sir." Kevin said fumbling with his zipper.
"That's very kind of you Kevin, now if you don't mind I need my daughter to begin her homework and make herself some dinner." He answered.
"I don't have any homework dad I didn't go to school today remember?" I said.
Dropping a load of papers on the table my father sighed barely even looking at me. "I picked up your homework for today and tomorrow, you'll be missing school tomorrow so you can go and see your mother."
"But dad?" I began only to be cut off by his angry yell for the second time that day.
"No buts!!! Just do what I said damn it!" He yelled. "Goodbye Kevin!"
Hastily Kevin ran out the door without even saying goodbye because he was so afraid.
"I'm going for a drive, I'll be back in a little bit and your homework better be done!" He said slamming the door behind him as he went to the garage.
"God I hope this isn't what I'm in for now." I said out loud looking at the homework.
"You can't expect him to be okay with this right away." Janet's voice said as she closed the front door behind her.
"Are you a sight for sore eyes." I said hugging her.
"And I brought reinforcements for happiness." She said pointing at the door like a magician where Hal jumped through landing on his knees.
"Tada!" He yelled.
"If this doesn't cheer me up I don't know what will." I said hugging him as well. "I have to say I'm surprised to see you guys here though."
"I snuck out, my home girl needed me." He said gangster style. "We ride together, we die together big dog."
"Anyway...my mom said I should come and check on you, she said she needed time alone after hearing the news anyway." Janet said beginning to raid the fridge. "So I figured that we could get on that homework and veg out on some television."
"You guys are the best." I said joining them at the table. "I guess things are looking up after all."


Chapter 5

It was a great night after my friends showed up, we laughed and worked on the homework together while watching TV and for a short time nothing else in the world existed. At that moment I didn't care if my dad came home pissed off about my friends being there or my mother died with a one way ticket to heaven or hell depending on the judgment.
I thought about calling over Kevin to join us in the fun but something held me back, maybe it was the scared look on his face or maybe it was the fact that we had almost had sex that afternoon and I wasn't sure it had been the right decision, in any case I didn't make the call. Besides if this was a small taste of how my life was going to be from now on I would have plenty of time for Kevin in the coming weeks and months.
The next morning I stretched out with a good yawn followed by a yelp when I saw my father on the couch opposite of me looking like he had tried to take off his clothes and was dreadfully unsuccessful. I thought about waking him up for some breakfast but changed my mind when I saw him still wearing his holster. 
Instead I got the dishes done and the mess cleaned up from our little party last night, then I decided to make breakfast and leave it out for him so when he woke up he'd have a nice surprise.
Then being the awesome daughter I am I got ready and did the last thing I wanted to, I hopped a bus and went to the hospital to see Haile.
When I got there she was barely awake enough to talk but I tried because I knew it would make my dad happy. "How are you doing?" I knew it was a stupid question that everyone asks, how are you doing? I'm dying from cancer how do you think?
 "I am fighting hard." She answered. "More importantly how are you doing with all this?" She asked genuinely sounding concerned.
"I'm managing." I said unable to meet her gaze for some reason.
"School?" She questioned struggling to get the word out.
"I missed yesterday and today but I'm going back tomorrow and I've kept up on my homework." I answered.
"That's good, you are a great kid and a wonderful daughter, I don't think I said that enough but it's true." She said passing out at the last word.
For the first time I felt bad about what happened to her, but just as quickly as the feeling came it left me remembering that she was all drugged up. Unable to do anything else I left the room needing to clear my mind but instead of just leaving out of the room I left the entire hospital.
I didn't know exactly where I was headed so I got on the bus and just rode until it felt right to get off the bus, I walked to the nearest ice cream shop and sat down without ordering anything. Instead I called my friends hoping that they would come to cheer me up like they did the night before.
Half of an hour later instead of my dear friends my worst enemy showed up instead.
"So this is what you do when your mother ends up in the hospital? Ditch school and come to ice cream shops wow you truly are a wonderful daughter." Katie mocked standing next to my chair.
Suddenly I lost it all the rage I had been holding in came out and was solely focused on her. Using techniques that my father had taught me I had her on the ground in seconds pounding her face like I was kneading a piece of dough.
It felt like the fight lasted for minutes but it couldn't have been more than a few seconds before the surrounding people pulled me off of her.
"You crazy bitch!" She yelled held back by people herself.
"I'll show you crazy hoe, come here." I yelled struggling against the people's grip that held me.
Suddenly Kevin's face was in front of me. "Calm down baby, it's me, just calm down okay?"
I calmed down instantly as the sounds of police sirens began to draw near from the distance.
A minute later my fathers unmarked police car pulled up at cold stone with everyone parting quickly in the hopes of not being caught up in the mess.
"Alex! What the hell is going on here?" He yelled walking up to me.
"I got in a fight dad, it's no big deal." I answered still trembling with anger.
"It's no big deal?" He stammered like I was speaking a foreign language. "That's where you're wrong, I can't have my daughter running around starting fights like some brat! I don't need that right now!"
"What is it you do need dad?" I shot back. "How would I even guess what it is? Anytime you speak with me lately it's to yell not talk!"
"That's enough Alex, get in the car you are going home right now and we'll have the talk as soon as I'm off work!" He demanded.
Shooting him the dirtiest look I could muster I charged past him into the car. 
The whole ride home we didn't say a word to each other, the whole time he kept checking his watch and for the first time in my life I didn't see my dad as mister perfect and I couldn't help but wonder if it was because of what Haile was going through or was I wrong and he was the lesser of two evils?
After he dropped me off he peeled out in the street heading towards the Westside of town which wasn't even on his work route. He was probably going for a drive, that's what he did anytime he was upset, it looks like I had got to him as much as he got to me.
A few minutes later the doorbell rang and to my happiness it was Kevin. "Hey you, I thought I'd come and check on you that was a pretty intense fight with your dad." He said hugging me tightly and kissing my neck.
I pulled him inside hugging him back and kissing him but then before I knew it he was beginning to undress me.
"Seriously?" I thought. "I just had a fight with Katie and then argued with my dad and you choose now to try this?"
"What's wrong?" He questioned as I pulled away.
Mentally note at that moment was guys are epically stupid when being controlled by hormones. "Are you kidding? I just got in a fight with Katie and then my dad and you think it's a good time to try and get in my pants?"
"What better way to forget your troubles then picking up where I left off the yesterday?" He answered happily.
"That's the line you're going with really?" I said shaking my head. "You know what Kevin? Thank you for coming to check on me but I think sometime alone would be best."
With an evil smirk Kevin shook his head as well. "You know what Alex? I've been very patient waiting for you to be ready, I'm thinking that this probably isn't going to happen ever at this rate and I won't wait forever." He said walking back to his bike and jumping on it leaving no room to debate his words.
With a pissed off slam of the door I turned on my heels and stomped over to the kitchen absolutely hating my life. 
Hastily I grabbed my cell and dialed Janet's number. "Hey Janet it's me what's going on?"
"I'm kind of busy right now Alex do you mind if I give you a call back in just a little bit? I've got company right now and my mom isn't home if you catch my drift?" She said whispering into the phone.
"Oooo, who's the lucky guy? Are you about to have sex?" I said eager for more details.
"No I'm not going to have sex, I'm just helping out a friend that's all." She giggled but I could tell that she was into whoever it was.
"Okay, call me afterwards and tell me everything."
"it's a deal." She said hanging up the phone.
A small smile crossed my face before I again thought of everything that had happened that day and once again I swiftly dialed a number.
"Road kill caf, you kill 'em we grill 'em." Came Hal's voice when he answered making me laugh instantly.
"Hey Hal." I said.
"Ah a preferred customer that knows the owner this calls for something special! How about skunk a la mode?" He said continuing his little play.
"I'll have that and a little rat sandwich."
"Excellent choice we will have that out to you in thirty minutes or less." He answered. "Is there anything else we can do for you? Counseling perhaps? We have excellent and affordable rates and if you act now the first session is free."
"What a great deal! I'll take it!"
"Great! So let's begin tell me when did you first begin to pee your pants?" He asked.
"You're an idiot." I said.
"Maybe but I did already start to make you feel better didn't I?" He said and I swear that I could practically see his smile through the phone.
"Who said I needed to feel better?"
"I'm psychic." He answered happily.
"Well you were right, I've been having a rough day."
"I'll bet you have, first the visit to the hospital and then the fight with Katie and your dad, that'd be tough day for anyone." He sighed.
"Did you say you were psychic or a stocker?" I questioned. "How did you know about all that stuff?"
"I went to the hospital to visit your mom and saw you leaving to get on the bus as for the fight you know how it is, people on vacation already know what happened at cold stone." He said triumphantly.
"Well congratulations Sherlock Holmes." I said. "Anyway depending on how goes tonight with my dad do you feel like hanging out again?"
"I'm always up for a little one on one time with my girl." He laughed.
"You wish I was your girl." I teased.
"One day I shall have you and then all will be right in the world. Muah, ha, ha, ha!" He said changing his voice to sound evil.
Before I could say anything else I heard my dad pulling up and had to prepare for our little talk. "I better go Hal, my dad just got home and he wants to talk. I call or text you later okay?"
"Okay girl, keep your head about you alright?" He said.
"Don't I always?" I questioned convinced I was right, little did I know those would become famous last words. 

Chapter 6

The conversation went bad from the get go, my dad walked into the living room and threw down his stuff on the couch waiting for me to meet him there.
"Hurry up and get over here." He huffed while rolling up the sleeves on his shirt.
"Why are you so angry?" I questioned walking around and flopping into the seat across from where he was standing.
"How about the fact that my wife is in the hospital and now I'm stuck holding the bag? How about because my daughter disrespected me on the street in front of a dozen people?" He yelled. "Is that good enough reasons for you?"
"It's not my fault that Haile is in the hospital!" I yelled. "Is that why you're so mad? Because suddenly you have to take more responsibility in my life?"
"I already have enough going on without suddenly having to babysit you at every turn!" He yelled.
"I don't need a babysitter I'm not a child!" I screamed beginning to cry.
"You sure could fool me with how you were behaving today!"
"That little witch came up and started disrespecting me! She accused me of being a bad daughter." I cried.
"Maybe she's right." He said cutting my heart in two.
"What?" I said with my lip trembling.
"How often did you fight with your mother? How often did you make her life harder?" He said pausing for a moment. "How often was I dragged in the middle of your little fights with each other? Did either of you ever consider what it was doing to me or to each other? For all we know that added stress made her sick quicker, I know it's what led to my ulcers."
"You think it's my fault for all this?" I sobbed hardly able to believe what I was hearing.
"I don't know what to think anymore, I need to reevaluate my life and everything in it." He said walking off towards the kitchen. 
"Does that include me?" I questioned afraid of his answer.
"I'll always be your father." He answered in a lame tone. "Until we find a balance for what's going on I expect you to act your age and take care of your homework and so forth, also I will be spending some extra time at work so don't wait up."
"Yes sir." I said running up the stairs to my room.
The last thing I remembered was crying so hard and so much that my whole body hurt and then there was nothing.
The next morning I woke up to find that my father was already gone to work and again I was left with the clean up of the house along with getting ready for school. Grabbing my stuff I ran out of the house jumping on the back of Kevin's bike but instead of him giving me a hug or kiss he just smiled.
"You still mad at me?" I asked leaning forward.
"Not at all, I just think we need to figure out what is going on with us and find a good balance." He said.
What was going on? Another guy in my life looking for a balance with me, was it something in the water or was it just me?
"I want to go all the way with you Kevin, the timing has just been wrong lately." I told him.
"I know it has." He agreed calmly. "But it's like they say everything happens for a reason." And just like that our conversation was over.
At school everyone was whispering and talking in their little groups about how I lost it and attacked Katie for no reason, as for Katie she was busy fanning the flames anyway she could. Hal of course was trying to defend me to everyone, Janet was quiet only talking every once in a while to tell people to leave her alone. I figured she was having a hard time as well, her mother didn't really have any other friends besides Haile and now she was gone so the depression had probably kicked back in. As for Kevin he gave me kisses on the cheek and held my hand but it wasn't the same as usual, he seemed distant and distracted when it came to us.
I ignored everyone and went about my day I didn't care enough about any of these stupid people to let them ruin my life with their petty words. I finished my classes and went to cheer practice leading the team in a brand new routine which under my leadership we nailed. After my little performance at the practice things seemed to finally be getting back to normal, guys checked me out and people were whispering  but it was about how they wished they were as lucky as me. Maybe my dad and boyfriend were right I just had to find the right balance for this new life of mine. Feeling good about my day and life I decided to take the bus to the mall for a little shopping spree instead of catching a ride with Kevin or anyone else.
When I got to Coronado mall I was pleasantly surprised to see Janet walking around doing a little shopping of her own, she looked content to be alone so I thought twice about going up to her at first. Finally I thought it better to say something to her even if we didn't shop together, I didn't want her spotting me and thinking that I was avoiding her besides I still needed the dirt on who she was with last night.
"Hey girl." I said jumping out in front of her. "You never called me back last night."
"Sorry I crashed out about an hour after we talked." She frowned thinking back.
"So who was the mystery guy you were helping last night." I said with a wink.
Rolling her eyes she answered with a nervous laugh that was unlike her. "My cousin was in town and having girl problems so he wanted my advice on the situation that's all."
"Oh and here I thought it was going to be something juicy." I smiled. "So what are you going to do now?"
"I was just buying something for my mom she's been really distant and distracted lately." She said with a frown holding up a bag.
"Depressed?" I questioned.
"It's that or she has a secret lover on the side she hasn't told me about." She laughed.
"Not likely." I said laughing at the thought.
"Right." She said joining in the laugh. "Anyway I was on my way to the car so I could get home and make dinner so I could surprise her wanna join me?"
"Nah, she probably needs to spend some quality time with just you." I answered. "Besides I think I'm going to head over into uptown and grab something to eat at the elephant bar."
"Lucky you, we'll get a hold of Hal and set something up so all of us can enjoy some good eats." She said giving me a hug.
"You're on." I said hugging her back.
After I walked her to the car and she gave me a ride to uptown I headed into the elephant bar and sat down ready to eat some great food. I was surprised to find June there just finishing up a meal by herself or so I thought until I saw an extra half eaten meal across from her.
"Hi there Ms. Reno." I said making my presence known as the waiter sat me a couple of tables away.
Her eyes widen at the sight of me, probably because she wasn't expecting to see me out and about while Haile was dying in the hospital.
"Hello Alex, when did you get here?" She questioned.
"Just now." I answered eyeing the other plate.
Following my gaze she looked at the plate and then back at me with a awkward smile. "I met a friend of mine for lunch."
"Where is he now?" I questioned. "I don't want to interrupt anything." I said.
"It's okay Alex, he had to leave and get back to work." She smiled. 
"Wow I haven't seen a smile like that on you in I don't know how long, is this a special someone?"
"I think he could be." She smiled and then frowned immediately after.
"You don't seem sure about it. How long have you been dating if it's not pushing for too much information, it's just you have been like a mother to me." I said hugging her.
"I'm sure that I want to be with him and he is sure that he wants to be with me, it's just difficult because until a couple of nights ago we hadn't been truthful about our feelings for each other. So now it's kind of like fumbling around in the dark and trying to find our way." She giggled slightly.
"You'll figure it out I'm sure and any man should count himself lucky to be with you." I answered standing up now that my food had arrived. As I began to walk away I suddenly remembered what Janet had told me so I made a judgment call and turned back around. "Just so you know, Janet has been worried about you because she says you have been distant, maybe you should tell her that you have found someone and that's what's really going on." I told her with one last hug.
"I hadn't thought about what she might be thinking, maybe it is time that I tell her. Until I do would you do me a personal favor and not let her know I'm seeing someone? I want it to come from me and the timing has to be right." She pleaded.
"My lips are sealed." I said turning around and walking back to my table.
A few minutes later June finished up her food and gave me a half smile and wave to match as she walked out of the restaurant.
Eating my food all by myself was relaxing, I couldn't remember the last time I had done something like this. However long it had been was too much time in between, I had to get back into this practice.
"Enjoying yourself?" My dads voice split the air behind me making me suddenly feel sick.
Without turning around I answered. "I was."
"Until I showed up is that right?" He said coming around and taking a seat across from me.
"Something like that, did you expect otherwise given our relationship lately?" I questioned pushing my plate away from me. "Anyway, what are you doing here? Checking up on me now?"
"I come here to eat all of the time and seeing you here there's no harm in checking on you is there?" He answered picking at my plate.
"Depends on whether or not you are here you check up on me or yell at me again." I answered pissed off at the fact that he interrupted my alone time.
"I'm not looking to yell at you or pick a fight, I merely came over to talk with you about some stuff."
"Which is?"
"You are very talented and intelligent, in my opinion that is why I believe you can do anything if you set your mind to it." He smiled pulling the whole plate in front of him.
"Didn't have enough for lunch I take it?" I frowned.
"Not quite." He smiled enjoying the rest of my food.
"So was there a point to what you were saying?" I snapped growing hungry again as the food was shoveled into his mouth.
"As a matter of fact there is, a friend of mine that runs McDonald's owed me a favor so I pulled some strings and got you a job there starting Monday." He smiled almost evilly.
"What?" I asked just blinking in shock at the news.
"You're seventeen years old now and about to become eighteen in a few months, you are an adult now. It's time that you started saving up some money because when you turn eighteen it's time to go out on your own." He continued.
"You're kicking me out?" I stammered on the verge of tears.
"No, I'm trying to get you responsible."
"But I don't have time for a job, I have cheerleading, homework and my duties as class president." I argued.
"This is happening Alex one way or another, if you don't take and keep the job then I will throw you out at eighteen and you'll have no choice but to make it on your own." He snapped. "The choice is yours Alex either start work now and have money when you're eighteen or struggle with nothing when you turn eighteen." He said standing up from the table and wiping his mouth. 
I couldn't even reply, I was stuck with this choice and it only had two options that sucked. As the waiter brought the bill to me suddenly the weight of money felt like a crushing force that was trying to push me into the ground. How much money had I wasted on useless things? How much money could I have right now if I didn't spend recklessly? In the end it didn't matter what I did in the past it is the future I have to worry about now.


Chapter 7

Two months had gone by since my life fell apart that day in the restaurant, I had started my new job and worked some flexible hours so I could keep my other activities at school. It was harder than I like to admit, my cheerleading was beginning to slip a little and I hardly ever had time to meet with the different groups at school and direct them but some how I was managing my duties for the most part.
My father and I hardly said a word to one another any more which was only slightly less than my communication with Kevin. Hal and Janet I saw only at school and I was beyond tired all of the time, as for Haile she had steadily got worse for a while but now seemed to be leveling out. I went to visit her once or twice a week and strangely enough we got along better now than we ever had before.
During my morning walk to school on Friday morning Janet drove up in her mother's car pulling along side me.
"Hey stranger hop in." She smiled looking at me over the rim of her glasses.
"I'm sorry I haven't been around too much lately Janet." I frowned looking at her. "One of us had to bring up my absence eventually."
"It's okay, I completely understand." She said happily.
"Wow I had expected you to yell at me, call me a bitch or something."  I joked.
She smiled at first but quickly her expression changed into pure sickness, she swerved away from the road and parked the car quickly jumping out and throwing up all over the place. I swear I jumped all the way from my side of the car to hers in one leap quickly pulling back her hair so the vomit didn't get in it.
"What the heck is going on?" I asked as she finished.
"Food poisoning." She said after a minute. "I took a chance and got some take out from that place on forth street again."
"Are you losing your mind?" I asked feeling bad about her being sick.
"Yeah I think that I am." She said beginning to sob a little bit as she held her stomach.
"Maybe you should just take the day off of school." I suggested getting my things out of the car. "Go home Janet I'll let the office know that you were sick."
"Thanks." She said dragging herself into the car. "Will you come by later so we can catch up?"
"I probably won't be able to Janet, I have work tonight but I'll call you after okay?" I said.
"Rain check for hanging out then?" She asked starting the car.
"Definitely." I said.
I didn't really like having to work but what I did like was the paycheck, I got my first one that morning and although it wasn't stellar it was all mine.
When I got to school I told Hal that Janet was sick and it'd be the two of us with Kevin which he didn't really care for.
"Isn't hanging out with him considered cruel and unusual punishment?" He questioned walking ahead of me.
"You know I'd like it if you both could stop acting like children and get along, I mean it's like you guys are fighting over me." I sighed.
"That'd be an unfair fight seeing as he gets to actually kiss you." He said miserably.
Suddenly a thought hit me that I didn't like at all so I stopped and gave him a tug on the arm to turn him around.
"You aren't actually thinking?I mean you don't want to?" I said.
"Do these sentences have endings by chance?" He smiled blushing a little bit.
Frustrated I slugged his arm. "You know what I'm talking about Hal, do you have feelings for me or not?"
After a minute of looking for the answer on his shoes Hal finally answered. "Well lately I have been thinking about you a little more in that way."
"What are you talking about? We're best friends! We grew up together, we're practically brother and sister, it'd be like incest." I said grossing out on the idea.
"So that's a no on the return of my feelings?"  He frowned playing with his coat zipper.
"You can't be serious Hal, this is some kind of joke you're playing right?" I answered.
"No, it's not a joke, I would take care of you and love you more than Kevin ever could." He said turning around and stomping off in the opposite direction.
"Hal!" I said calling out for him.
He kept on walking like he didn't hear me which I guess was for the best because even if he had come back I didn't have a clue what I would have said to him.
"Trouble in paradise babe?" Kevin said smacking my butt like I was a piece of meat.
"Is there some reason you can't just walk up and kiss me like a normal person?" I said smacking his hand off of me.
"Ah my friendly girlfriend, loving as always." He answered. "Where's Janet and the puppy dog that follows you two around?"
"Hal already went to class and Janet isn't here today she was feeling sick." I answered.
"Too bad for them but that means I have you all to myself today." He smiled hugging me as we walked to class.
"Just here at school afterwards I have to go in to work." I said annoyed at the thought.
"That's okay babe I know you have a lot on your plate already." He said kissing my hand before running off after one of his friends.
Before I could chase after him and explain that I wanted to spend time with him the head coach of our cheer leading team pulled me to the side.
"How are you doing Alexandria?" She said sitting at her desk.
"I'm okay."
"Your grades have dropped a little bit in the last week or so, your teachers say that you have been missing assignment's and in class you are always tired." She said sitting back and watching me carefully.
"I've been going through a lot lately with starting a job and my mom being sick. I'll work harder." I promised.
"Until you do I am afraid that the facility and the student body have decided that you should step down as class president and as cheer captain." She answered shaking her head.
"That's crazy!" I said shooting to my feet. "I know that I've been a little off lately but you can't just take this stuff away from me."
"If I remember correctly you told me that you never even wanted to be a cheerleader, you did it to stop your mother from nagging you all the time. Isn't that right?" She questioned intently.
"That may have been true at first but I love being a cheerleader now."  I pleaded.
"And you can stay one if you like just not as captain." She replied coolly.
"So I have no say in any of this?" I said slamming my hand on the top of the desk.
"No, we have already spoken with your father and he has signed the proper forms, I'm sorry but it is done. You are no longer class president or cheer captain." She said flatly.
"Who is going to take my place? Janet?" I asked hopefully.
"No Janet quit the cheer team yesterday. Katie will be in charge of the team and she is one of the people nominated for class president." She smiled happily.
Ms. Laden our beloved cheer coach never liked me as captain, from the moment she took over from our last coach she rode me harder than anyone else, probably because she was Katie's cousin and everyone knew that we hated each other. Now finally she had the perfect excuse to put Katie in the driver seat and get me out.
I stood up but before leaving turned around one last time. "How long have you been waiting for this Ms. Laden?"
"I'm sure I don't know what you mean by that." She smiled.
"How long have you been a bitch and plotting to get me out of the captain spot so you could get your loser cousin in? Is that plain enough for you?" I yelled ready to fight.
"Talking to a teacher like that could warrant an immediate suspension, but I think that I'll over look it and instead give you a month of detention, good luck on catching up with your studies or making it to cheerleading since it will be performed before and after school." She laughed.
"I quit the team." I said turning back around.
"A little difficult to stay on top when mommy dearest isn't constantly talking you up to everyone on the school board isn't it?" She questioned.
"What?" I said thinking that I must have heard wrong.
"That's right, I know all about how your mother lobbied for you at the PTA meetings and to the school board." She said rolling her eyes. "Well two can play at that game. Now get out of my office while I call your father and let him know that you will be attending detention."
I slammed the door extra hard when I left the office hoping to annoy her in anyway possible, that's all I needed now, not only had I lost my president stature and my position as cheer captain but later I was going to be looking forward to one of my dads now famous yelling sessions.
Feeling like crap from the day I had a call had to be made and that call was to my job letting them know that I wasn't going to be in today, instead I was going to check on my best friend and relax as I chewed her out for quitting and telling me.
When I pulled up to her house the garage door was cracked with the smell of paint floating out of it, I was curious as to why it smelled like that but instead ignored it heading around to the backyard where the hidden key was so I could surprise Janet.
Turning the key as lightly as possible I opened the back door and snuck up to her room, my only hope was that when I jumped into her room she doesn't throw up from the scare. Giving myself a mental count down I slowly turned the knob, then when I was ready I jumped into the room yelling surprise!
Unfortunately it was me that got the surprise and lost my lunch all at the same time when I saw Janet on the bed, but instead of alone there she was having sex with Kevin.


Chapter 8

I had always heard about people blacking out when they drank too much or when they get too angry but neither had ever happened with me before, that was until that second.
When I woke up from the daze I had a bat in my hand and I was going to town on Kevin's crouch like I was trying to hit a home run, Janet was holding her head in the corner and screaming like she was witnessing a murder in the making , which at that moment might have been what was going to happen if her mother hadn't walked into the mess.
She had been holding a tray of some food until her eyes met the sight of me batting a thousand and my only cheering fan was her naked daughter screaming and crying in the corner, oddly enough it was the sound of the tray breaking against their hardwood floors was what brought me back to my senses.
Suddenly I felt sick to my stomach , I dropped the bat unwilling to do anything other than cry for a moment as she ran to her daughter in an attempt to shake her out of the hysteria.
"Janet!" She yelled. "Clam down, I need you to get up and call 911, Kevin is going to need something a little stronger than ice to help him."
After about three more pep talks like that Janet finally focused on me turning green with a look of shame written across her face.
Pulling her clothes on quickly Janet sniffled as she headed to the door stopping only to whisper I'm sorry to me before running down stairs.
"Alex, I think you better go and get cleaned up, when the police get here they are going to want to talk with you." June said without looking at me.
All at once I realized the gravity of what I had just done, if things went badly with this, meaning if Kevin lost his balls more than Janet was getting screwed today. I could very easily go to jail for what I just did, at the least I'm sure I was looking at probation. 
When I finished cleaning up, I went to their living room to wait for my fate when Hal walked in the door whistling away.
"Alex, I didn't expect to see you here, did you hear I was coming by and rushed over to stomp on my heart some more?" He questioned walking past me until he noticed that I had been crying, stopping he turned me to face him. "What happened? Did you and Janet have a fight?" He questioned concerned.
"You didn't know?" I asked.
"Didn't know what?" He questioned clearly confused.
"About Kevin and Janet?"
"What about them? Did they get in an accident or something?" He said concerned.
"Yeah, he walked in and fell inside her." I said unable to continue.
"Fell inside her what?" He said again confused.
"God you're thick." I said crying again and turning away.
Suddenly it dawned on him. "Whoa you mean he and Janet were having?" He said trailing off.
"Yeah."
"Then why the hell are you still here?" He shouted growing angry.
"Because I have to wait for the police and the ambulance." I said sorrowfully not so much because of what I had done but because of the trouble I knew I'd get in.
A smile slowly crept across his face. "So what exactly did you do when you found out?"
"I caught them in the act and so I grabbed a bat and played some baseball." I answered joining him in the smile.
"With his head?"
"Yeah the small one." I giggled.
"I'm glad you think that it's funny you crazy bitch because when the cops show up your dumb ass is going to prison!" Snapped Kevin as he limped down the stairs with the help of June and Janet.
"You will not speak in my house that way Kevin no matter what happened to you is that understood?" June questioned letting him go for a second.
"Yes ma'am." He answered beginning to cry again.
To my surprise at that moment Hal jogged over and helped get  Kevin situated on the couch and then turned to face Janet.
"How could you do this to your best friend Janet?" He asked in a tone so low that I barely heard it.
Janet took one look at him and then me and began crying again with her head in her hands. "I'm sorry Alex, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean for any of this to happen, it's just Kevin came over to check on me and we got to talking about how you have changed. We talked about when we first met each other through you and I confessed to him that I had always liked him and if I had met him first I would have asked him out. He told me that he always found me attractive and didn't want to be with you anymore and from there on things just happened?" She cried hurtfully like none of it was her fault.
"We don't have to explain anything to that psycho babe, she got what she deserved." Kevin began until Hal started punching him over and over in the face.
"You low life piece of trash, you had her and this is what you do? You break her heart and her friendship at the same time really?" He yelled hitting him until the police walked in and peeled him off placing him in handcuffs.
"You need to relax son." The first cop (a guy named Johnny who worked with my dad) said.
"Okay, who wants to tell us what is going on here?" The other cop said firmly.
"I'll start." I said standing in front of the cops.
"Alexandria? Why I haven't seen you in years, tell me that you're not involved in what ever mess is going on here." Johnny frowned at me.
"Unfortunately I am." I said sadly. "In a nut shell I came here to visit my best friend Janet Reno, when I got here I found her having sex with my boyfriend, needless to say I got a little crazy and grabbed a bat and took it to the only balls in the room I saw." I said. "Ms. Reno came in and stopped my rampage telling me to come downstairs and wait for you and the ambulance to arrive. During that time my other friend Hal showed up and got mad at the way Kevin was talking to me and attacked him." I finished.
For a second both of the cops were quiet and then they began to start laughing uncontrollably. "That's wonderful!"
"He got what he deserved I'd say." Johnny said grabbing his sides.
"I want her arrested." Kevin demanded struggling to stand up.
"She not going to be arrested." They laughed.
"Sure we'll make a report and she'll probably get community service but she's not going to jail." Johnny laughed.
"She nearly killed me!" Kevin whined.
"Calm down boy if she had really done damage to you it would be apparent." The other cop said chiming in.
"His balls probably haven't even dropped yet." Johnny laughed. "But we'll know for sure when the paramedics get here."
Just then the EMT's sailed into the house swarming around in search for the person they called for, when they heard what had happened most of them laughed as well making me feel even better. After a lot of whining from the room where they took Kevin the paramedics walked out with a bag of ice firmly attached to his crotch.
"He's going to be fine, we gave him some aspirin and he'll be limping for a while but other than that there will be no permanent damage." The lead EMT said still laughing.
"Well are work here is done." Johnny said heading for the door. "Come on Kevin come with us so we can get your statement and file that report, Alex you can expect a court date sometime in the next month so the judge can decide what to do with you." He said nodding in my direction. 
"Does my father already know about this?" I questioned.
His look softened for moment. "Not that I know of we didn't use the open police band and after we got here we called in to make sure he wouldn't freak out, I'll get a hold of him now though so expect to face the music later."
"Thank you for my short reprieve." I said.
"It's the least I can do with everything happening in your life these days." He said. "Do you need a ride home?"
"I can give her one." Hal said shyly.
"Straight home kid, because you're lucky that nothing more is happening to you for that little fight of yours." The other cop added.
"I want to file charges against him too." Kevin shouted.
"Shut up you little brat." Johnny snapped. "Understand something, both of you are minors which means if I book one of you for the fight I have to book both of you okay? You got your ass kicked get over it." 
Practically shoving Kevin out the door the three of them left us in awkward silence.
"Well we are going to leave." Hal said hoping to leave right away.
"I think that we should all sit down and talk first." June reasoned heading to the table in the kitchen like it had already been decided.
"I don't think that now is the best time, I'm still pretty angry, besides I don't know what there is to talk about, Janet has lost my trust and friendship forever end of story." I said stubbornly. 
"I know that you are hurting Alex, please let's just sit and talk for a minute okay?" She pleaded.
"I suppose a little talking can't hurt." Hal said crumbling under her gaze.
And that's when I got my forth big surprise of the day.
"Hey June honey, I can't stay real long, I just came to steal a kiss from you before I find out why Johnny keeps buzzing me on the radio." My dad said as he walked into June's house.


Chapter 9

Under different circumstances I would found my dad's deer in the headlights look funny maybe even wonderful, but given the fact that I just found out he was messing around on Haile and treating me like a plague because of it, I was more angry than anything.
"Alex?" He began. "Why aren't you at home?" He questioned stupidly.
"Oh I was a little busy with other stuff that's all." I said seething. "I can save you the trouble of call Johnny I know what that's all about but we'll get to that." I answered stomping towards him.
"Alex maybe we should?" Began June until I cut her off by holding up my hand for silence.
"How was my day you ask?" I said. "How thoughtful of you. Well I got called into the coaches office today and the vindictive witch told me that I was no longer cheer captain or class president, thanks for giving the okay on that by the way dad and then to forget that problem I come over to my best friend Janet's house only to find her screwing my boyfriend in her room, so naturally I lost it a little and grabbed a bat." I yelled stomping over to the bat that was not far from the stairs and grabbed it. "Then I took this bat and went to town on Kevin's nuts until I woke up from the rage by the shattering of a plate, then Johnny and the other cop showed up and did the whole statement bit and then lastly, which this part is my personal favorite my dear old dad who lately has treated me like a pile of crap he found on the street walks in dropping the info that June is the one who taught her daughter to steal significant others from people." I finished out of breath.
"Where do you get off?" He started to yell.
"I don't get off, I'm not a whore like you, June or Janet." I said stomping past him.
Angry at my out burst he grabbed my arm when I tried to get by him forcefully turning me to face him but instead of his trembling little girl he ended up with a slap in the face which took him by surprise so much he let me go and I went running out of the house.
I had the vague sound of people calling my name mixed with the buzzing in my ears as the blood flow increased in my body from the run but I ignored it, I had no idea where I was going to live from now on but I knew exactly what I was going to do. I just hoped that I had enough time to do it.
Ten minutes later I turned the corner onto my block and my heart sank, there in front of my house was my dad's car already sitting in the driveway next to June's car and Hal's beat up Honda. I hoped that I would have got here before anyone but keeping with my luck as of late here they were.
"What am I going to do now?" I said out loud watching the house intently.
Then Hal walked out of the house running his fingers through his hair like he was having the worst day imaginable and then I don't know how he knew but he looked down the street focusing on me. Without thinking about it I started to walk towards him until he put both hands up in a warning to stay away followed by a shooing motion before abruptly stopping when he heard something behind him.
I darted into the bushes of a nearby house to conceal my whereabouts while I watched Hal pace back and forth like he had never seen me. After a few seconds my father came out talking to him and patting him on the back no doubt playing the concerned father slash good cop routine on him. In order to turn him to his side in the search for me.
Another minute went by before Hal walked to his car with his head hanging low and headed towards me while my dad went back into the house. As he pulled up I ran out of the bushes and hopped into his car trusting him completely, thinking about it that probably wasn't the best move after all I had completely trusted all four of the people who had just betrayed me.
"What did they say?" I asked somewhat afraid of the answer.
"I'm glad you're sitting down for this." He answered somberly. "Your dad is kicking you out and filing a restraining order against you from coming with twenty yards of his house and June's. Also I over heard that he just divorced your mom today and is moving into June's place and selling you guys old place."
"That's fine, they can do whatever they want to, I just need to get my things." I answered.
"You aren't seeing the whole picture Alex, now because your dad has divorced her your mom can't keep doing treatment because she has no insurance, to top it off she is going to be released from the hospital in one week when the insurance ends for her and she won't have a place to go." He said allowing that information to sink in. "Also your dad went up to your room and tore it apart throwing everything in a few boxes and he is planning on giving it to goodwill in the morning.
I couldn't help it, I started crying like it was the end of the world which in truthfulness it was the end of mine. "I need to get my stuff and under one of the floor boards I have the money I have been saving up."
"Going back there now isn't a great idea, your dad is playing the crazy card, if they find you out and about anywhere tonight they'll pick you up and have a psyche evaluation done on you to prove what he wants." He answered.
"What am I supposed to do now then?" I cried.
Hal was quiet for a long time as we just drove around for a bit. "It'll only be a matter of time before the cops look for my car and see if you're with me, I'm sure your dad didn't buy my act."
"Do you think I can stay with you tonight?" I asked. 
"No they'll look for you there and anywhere else you have friends." He answered frowning deep in thought. "I've got an idea." He said unexpectedly with a smile crossing his face.
"Do I even want to hear it?"
"Given your options right now I don't think you really have much of a choice." He answered. 
"Good point so what is this plan of yours?" I asked holding my breath without thinking about it.
"Everyone is looking for you right and I mean everyone with your dads connections in the police, so why not let them find you? Or at least let them think they have found you." He answered.
"Yes talk cryptically we have plenty of time for that." I snapped losing my patients.
"Relax drama queen I'm getting to that and since helping you out makes me an accessory to whatever you're now being accused of I would think that you could cut me a little slack." He snapped back. "Now if there are no more interruptions I can elaborate on my ingenious plan."
"Do tell oh wise one." I said starting to feel better now that I was around a true friend.
"As you have no doubt noticed we are now headed west on central avenue heading towards the Presbyterian hospital where Haile currently resides, now I imagine that the hospital is one of the places your father will have under surveillance. Once we get to the hospital I want you to go in and make sure the people at the front desk see you, go to your mom's room it's on the first floor so you can quickly get to the emergency room exit where you will already be in disguise, grab anything you can find scrubs, jackets laying about, anything. I'll be waiting for you on the street, once they give your dad the call that you have been seen at the hospital he'll come to get you personally." I giggled happily.
"Why would he?"
"He can't afford for you to talk to anyone else in the department about his cheating on your mom or what is really going on." He answered matter of factly. "So when he comes to the hospital June and Janet will probably go home it's not like they are gonna wanna stay in that house with everything that has happened. So everyone will be out of your house for a short time, we go back over there sneak in grab your things and that's when we put into motion the second part of my plan."
"Which deals with?" I questioned, after all the whole point was to get my stuff.
"Where you are going to stay tonight of course."
"Oh yeah."
"After we get your stuff and your money I'll get my cousin to rent a room for you, he's already nineteen and owes me a favor anyway, besides he has no love for cops and since you're rebelling from one he'll be all for it I'm sure. What do you think?" He finished.
"I think it's got to work." I answered breathing deeply and trying to meditate so I could get my nerves under control.
"This will work I'm sure of it." He said to reassure himself as much as me.
"If not you have to promise me that you'll visit me in prison." I joked nervously.
"Prison?" He said eyeing me.
"Yeah because if this doesn't work I'm gonna kill my dad for ruining my life." I decided.
"Before considering becoming a murderer that is caught right after the deed is done at least let me recommend instead going on the run with me and living a life of high adventure." He joked back.
"And deal with you every single day? I'd still end up becoming a murderer." I laughed as we pulled into the parking lot at Presbyterian. 
"On top of everything that has happened you're going to make me walk?" I asked noting that he parked as far from the building as possible.
"Come on Alex your dad is a cop, start thinking like one." He sighed. "If I pull up to the front the valets could identify my vehicle and then your dad would know I'm helping you." He answered. "And as much as I like to say that I could stand up against some interrogation I don't believe that I could."
"With your girlish scream I'm sure that it would be one hell of a show." I said getting out of the car.
"One last thing." Hal said sticking his head out of the window. "I know you have never liked your mother but it'd be a good idea if you told her what's going on, when it comes down to it your going to need all the help you can get including hers."
That was a depressing thought, I don't know how in a matter of weeks I went from the top of the world to the bottom rung of the heap but some how I managed it.
Trying to not draw attention to myself I walked relaxed towards the front entrance of the hospital hoping that I wouldn't draw anyone's gaze that might linger too long. Unfortunately for me the moment I walked into the hospital I wasn't watching where I was going because I kept looking behind me and bumped into the security guard my dad knew.
"Hey!" He protested until he noticed it was me. "Alex, it's good to see you." He said gripping my arm and leading me towards the security office. "Your dad called, he told me to keep an eye out for you so why don't you and I sit in my office and have a nice chat while we wait for him to show up?"
I swear if it wasn't for bad luck I wouldn't have any luck at all. "You don't understand what's going on Greg." I protested trying to pull away.
"It's all been explained to me Alex and I understand completely, now stop trying to fight me on this because it will just end bad for you." And with that he pushed me into the security office to await my impending doom.


Chapter 10

Flopping me down in a chair in front of his desk Greg tossed a powerbar in front of me followed by a bottle of water before sitting across from me with his fingered interlaced.
"Don't just sit there looking like a moron dig into that powerbar and wash it down with the water." He demanded.
"Is this what I get as a last meal?" I questioned while unwrapping the bar. "I thought it was traditional to give the condemned man or woman whatever they asked for."
"It's hardly a last meal." He said. "You don't truly think that myself or your mother would have anything of the sort happen do you?"
"What?" I asked looking up at him.
"The food and drink are to help you keep up your strength, I'm sure you will need it." He responded. "You can't stay here long I have no doubt I'm not the only one your father asked to look out for you."
"You're trying to help me?" I said unable to believe what was happening. "Why?"
"You're mother for one, it was her and not your father that got me the job here. You're father talked down to me like I was nothing, he was my parole officer way back in the day, it didn't matter to him that I was just in the wrong place at the wrong time, it didn't matter that I came from an abusive home." He answered listening to his radio scanner for a second. "It was your mother that helped me to read and write and learn to be a person again, for all you know about your family Alex you know nothing of who your parents really are." He said pulling me to my feet. "You have to get out of here someone else saw you come in, I will go out to the bathroom, when I do make sure that you are gone before I get back."
"What did you mean I don't know my parents?" I asked.
"I'm sure you'll find out." He said. "Tell your mom thank you for everything."
My head was swimming with what was going on, what did this guy mean I didn't know my parents? What world had I slipped into?
Dashing over to the door I was just in time to see Greg disappear around the corner as headed off to the bathrooms. Taking a deep breath I ran into the hallways heading to Haile's room as fast as my legs could carry me at this point I figured acting like nothing was going on was a waste of time so I ran right past the nurses station ignoring their calls until I closed the door behind me. 
"Alex!" She said surprised to see me. "What's wrong?" 
"Why?" I questioned surprising myself.
"Excuse me?" She questioned confused. 
"Why did you give him a divorce?" I repeated extending the question.
"Give is hardly the word Alex, when your father wants something he tends to get his way no matter what the other person says." She answered. "As I understand it he came in yesterday while I was beyond drugged up on pain medication, then with my own doctors (his friends) I might add he had me sign the divorce papers which gave him rights to everything except you. Concerning you he signed over full custody of you to me." She whispered.
"Why?"
"Because he never wanted to marry me and he never wanted kids at all, we hadn't planned for you." She answered.
Down the hallway I heard a rush of movement and was sure that it was for me. "He's coming here to get me!" I said starting to panic. 
"What are you talking about?" She questioned trying to sit up unsuccessfully.
"A lot of stuff happened tonight, I don't have time to go into the full details but the main thing is I can't let them catch me!" I said beginning to cry for I don't know how many times that night.
"That closet over there has enough room for you to hide in it, get in there and I'll handle whoever comes in." She said frantically.
A rush of thoughts came to mind in a millisecond, all the times I argued with her, every time I wished she was gone and I wouldn't have to deal with it, the many times I said I never trusted her and never would and in the same amount of time all of that disappeared and I jumped inside the closet just as several officers came in led by the father who had Greg in tow.
 "Where is she Haile?" He demanded walking over to her bed.
His question was met with silence at first and then when the words came I couldn't believe how brilliant they sounded.
"Okay Marcie you have my number here, just give me a call when she gets there." Haile said acting like she had just finished a conversation on the phone. "Hello Richard."
"Tell me you didn't send our daughter to that crazy sister of yours." He said.
"Correction, she is my daughter Richard just like you always wanted and what do you care where she is, she's out of your life that's what you wanted isn't it?" She snapped.
Ignoring the comment I could just see my dad through a crack turn towards the other men. "Greg, have your little rent-a-cops check the entire hospital encase she hasn't left yet, the rest of you head to Santa Fe to Ms. Sandra Deans house, I'll join you there shortly."
After everyone filed out he calmly walked around to the head of the bed and sat down.
"What happened Richard? Is your little transition of families not going as smoothly as you hoped?" She questioned.
"At least this woman isn't cold and distant like you." He answered. "The rest of it I'll train her in the same way I did you."
"That way you can have another wife that looks the other way when you cheat on her and ignore the child? Or maybe she'll do what I did and hide the fact that you have become addicted to the very drugs you bust other people for, tell me Richard when did you take your last line of cocaine? One hour? Two maybe?" She questioned destroying the last little bit of respect I had for him.
"I didn't ask for this addiction, you or that damn brat!" He yelled startling us both. "Now, finally I'll be rid of her, when I catch her I'll have one of my friends that is a psychiatrist declare her mentally unstable and ship her off to an institute, by the time she gets out of there she'll be too damaged to bother me again. As for you, now that we are divorced and the insurance won't pay for your treatment anymore all I have to do is sit back and watch you die in pain." He laughed standing up and spitting at her.
He turned to walk out of the room but she called out to him. "Richard."
"What?" He asked hoping he had broken her into some sort of begging.
"Eventually Karma will get you for all the horrible things you have done and then the world will know that you are nothing more then a terrible husband, a dead beat father and a womanizing dirty cop." She smiled.
"Nothing coming to me expect happiness Haile, you'll be dead long before you can tell anyone about what I did, Alex will be put in an institution with my connections where no one will believe her stories about me and I'll be happy banging whoever I want while counting all the money I make from my crooked deals with scumbags because this city thinks I'm the man." He laughed slamming the door on his way out.
Slowly I came out of the closet unable to speak.
"I'm sorry you had to listen to all of that but you had to hear it and I had a feeling that you wouldn't have believed it from anyone else's mouth except his." She sighed adjusting herself in the bed painfully.
"I have so many questions." I muttered.
"And I have the answers to them but for now I have bought you enough time to get your things, do you have a place to stay for the night?" She asked like everything going on was a normal occurrence.
"I have a place to stay for tonight but I don't know what I am going to do tomorrow." I answered quietly.
"Tomorrow you will go to school and then afterwards you and I will go out and find an apartment for us after I check myself out of here." She said happily.
"How can you be so relaxed about this?" I demanded.
"I'm anything but relaxed, well maybe a little from the pain killers but more than that I am happy because now that the wool isn't over your eyes you can see the truth." She answered. "Now you need to get going, time is not your friend at the moment and make sure you do everything quickly because you still have school tomorrow."
"Everything that is going on right now and you are worried about me going to school?" 
"If you don't go to school you give him more of an excuse to have you declared unfit." She pointed out.
"I see, do you mind if I use the phone?"
"Be my guest." She said handing it to me.
I dialed Hal's number quickly.
"What are you doing in there having a picnic?" He answered frantically.
"Yes, you have me all figured out. Now shut up and listen, I'll be going out of the emergence exit in two minutes be ready okay?" 
"Yes master." He said sarcastically hanging up the phone.
"Hal I take it?" She smiled, I just nodded in response. "He's a good boy."
A coughing fit racked her body for a moment keeping me from answering.
When she finished her soft hand caressed my cheek for a second. "Be safe my daughter and don't worry I'll handle the problem with your father looking for you, he has no legal right to have anyone check you out so I'll make a call now to the lawyer and the moment he gets the call from him he'll back off."
"That's if he doesn't have a connection with the lawyer, he has connections everywhere." I sneered at the thought.
"Trust me this man isn't a friend of your fathers in fact quite the opposite, you're father testified in a case freeing a criminal, another example of his being dirty and this lawyer just happens to be the guy that was prosecuting at the time." She grinned.
"Thank you." I whispered giving her an awkward hug.
"Anything for my child." She answered. "Now you better get going before they figure out that you aren't at my sisters."
I smiled at her and then ran all the way to the exit jumping into Hal's car as he sped off.
"You ready to do this?" He questioned.
"I'm ready to take control of my life."


Chapter 11

Hal drove a little faster than I would have liked but got us there in one piece thank god, the downside to that was my father had set up a parked car with cops in it to apprehend me no doubt. Lucky for me I know this neighborhood and my house far better than they do.
Sneaking around to the back of the house was child's play and avoiding them using the different trees and bushes was even easier. Three different times I was close enough to reach out a touch the cops patrolling around my house without them ever knowing it.
Timing the climb up the tree in the backyard and climbing out on the branch to the window was a bit more tricky but I managed it in the end, I wasn't sure how I was going to get three huge boxes of stuff past them when I wanted to leave but I figured that I would worry about that later.
When I crawled into my room it was a disaster area, it looked like a full blown tornado hit and there was no survivors, most of my stuff wrecked beyond salvation even the stuff that had been thrown into boxes so I figured it best to grab my spare backpack and fill it with whatever matter to me most, I grabbed three of my favorite outfits, a music box my grandma gave me when I was two and all the money I had hid. 
Giving a last look at the room I had called my own for so long I said goodbye and then jumped out the window towards the branch and the start of a brand new life, it was strange that even with all the bad things I felt today I wasn't sad any longer instead I was angry and one way or another I won't get some payback.
During my journey back to the car I noticed that it wasn't so much that I was great at sneaking around but rather the officers didn't seem to really want to find me. I could swear that more than once different officers looked straight at me and chose to ignore the fact I was there. Maybe they didn't like my dad anymore than I did, was I the only one he had fooled this whole time?
Trudging up to the car I could feel the exhaustion of the day wearing on me finally had I not ate that powerbar I would have probably been dead on my feet already. I made a mental note that I had to thank Greg for that when I got the chance.
Hal opened the door for me as I can to a stop. "Is that little backpack have everything you wanted?"
"It's all I cared to take." I answered sliding into the passenger seat.
"Having a rough night I hear." An unfamiliar voice said startling me.
"Jesus!" I cried out. "Who the hell are you?"
"A friend who is about to do you a favor. I'm Hal's cousin Jordan." He answered holding out a hand for me to shake.
"Thank you for helping me." I said shaking his hand.
"No problem, I'm a sucker for a damsel in distress." He laughed leaning back as Hal got in.
"Okay you crazy kids where to?" Hal asked like he was chaperoning us.
"I would suggest the motel 6 on Coors just off the freeway that way you can pay for two nights at a cheap rate and it is right by West Mesa so you can get to school easy, plus Hal told me you work at the McDonalds right there so it'll be easy to get to work and back." Jordan suggested.
"One place is as good as another for me." I answered barely able to keep my eyes open.
"Motel 6 it is." Hal said speeding down the freeway.
The next thing I knew strong arms were laying me down in a soft bed and pulling blankets over me.
"Did you get her all tucked in?" Jordan voice questioned from the doorway.
"Yeah and I put her stuff over there on the dresser with a note and an alarm clock." Hal answered tucking me in a little more. "Sleep tight Alex." 
The next morning the blazing sound of the alarm clock woke me up to find out that it wasn't some nightmare I had but instead my life really happened last night in the worst way. Dragging myself out of the bed I headed straight for the shower hoping to shake the grogginess of morning.
Forty minutes later I was dressed and ready for the school day even though hundreds of things weighed on my mind. Walking over to the dresser in the room I found a piece of paper on the floor and that's when I remembered in my daze I had heard Hal say something about leaving a note.
The letter read:
Dear Alex, 
I know that right now it seems like things can never be good or right in your life again, but trust me it will, this is just a big bump or pot hole on the road of life. Take it on faith that things will workout and I knowhow that sounds and I am more than well aware of your stand point on God, but just this once for me, for yourself, believe that everything happens for a reason and remember that no matter what you will never be alone. I am always here for you when you need?no matter how annoying you get!
Love always,
Hal.

I couldn't help but smile knowing that he was there pulling for me, he was right I wasn't much for faith but I figured what could it hurt?
So for the first time since I was five years old I got down on my knees and closed my eyes. "God, if you are up there, it's me Alex. I know it's been a long time since we talked and I'm probably not even your favorite person unless it's for a punching bag, but please can you help me out?"
I waited for some kind of sign to happen but of course nothing happened so I got up off the floor and grabbed my stuff before cussing under my breath when I saw the time. "I tried and this is what I get?"
With everything going on I had forgotten that I was supposed to be at school early for detention for the next month, the coach was going to love adding punishment to her already unfair sentence I was sure.
I ran to the bus stop after placing the do not disturb sign on the door hoping I would be lucky enough to catch it and save myself the trouble of running the whole way.
As I crossed the parking lot Hal drove up coming to a stop in the street and nearly causing a wreck.
"Sorry! Sorry!" He yelled at the person who served around him while flipping him off. "Whoa, why are you in such a hurry slick?" He yelled at me. "We don't have to be at school for another twenty minutes."
"Maybe you don't but I do, I have detention before and after school." I answered barely noticing the person in the back seat for the first time. "Haile?" I questioned.
"Is it still so difficult for you to call me mom?" She questioned painfully.
"Sorry." I blushed. "Old habits die hard. What are you doing here?"
"I checked myself out of the hospital at six this morning and Hal was kind enough to give me a ride to take care of some stuff today, I had a wonderful talk with his parents and they called and excused him from school. But first we need to do something about this detention situation of yours, what happened exactly?"
I recounted the tale from start to finish making sure that I didn't leave anything out, the whole time I talked Haile patiently listened without interrupting and I realized that she had always been that way. If there was something that bothered me she listened intently waiting for me to finish before saying anything good or bad, this time when I finished a smile spread across her face.
"Hal let's get to the school I'd like to talk with the principal before the bell rings." She grinned.
When we pulled up to the school Hal helped me to get Haile into the wheelchair and push her to the office with everyone whispering and talking in their clicks, I didn't know what to make of it all and probably neither did they.
Pulling into the office everyone froze for a moment especially my coach who had a horrified look on her face.
"Can I help you?" The secretary asked.
"Yes you can, please tell principle Higgins that Ms. Holt is here to see him." Haile answered.
"Do you have an appointment?"
"No, but I assure you that he will not have a problem seeing me, just let him know that I am here please." Haile insisted.
Five minutes later the principal walked into the office and came to a stop right in front of my mother. "Haile it is so good to see you outside of the hospital, I'm sorry that I didn't get out to see you more during the time you were there. What can I do for you?"
"Think nothing of it James, I know you are a busy guy. As for why I'm here perhaps it would be better if we spoke inside your office in private." She answered. "Hal why don't you just go ahead and wait out here this won't take long I'm sure."
"Follow me." James asked leading the way. "So what is this about?"
"Problems with a staff member I'm afraid, it may be prudent if we ask Ms. Laden to join us for the discussion." Haile sighed trying to keep her pain under control.
"This sounds serious." He said rubbing the sides of his head.
"It is."  Haile answered.
Stepping back out of the office for a moment James called for the coach to join us, once we had all taken a seat Haile wasted no time. "Ms. Laden what gives you the right to assign detention to my daughter when she did nothing wrong?"
"She mouthed off to me swearing and calling me names!" She replied.
"When did this happen?" The principal demanded.
"Yesterday sir, I called Alex in to let her know that her father agreed to have her replaced as class president and cheer captain." She answered.
"Without going through me?" He questioned in a deadly tone.
The look on Ms. Laden's face said it all, she had screwed up and got caught trying to go around the top dog and now she was going to be bit by that dog she had hoped to fool.
"I didn't want to disturb you with a minor thing that had parental approval." She answered trying to side step punishment.
"So you admit that the principal had no knowledge of this what so ever?" Haile asked.
"Yes but that doesn't mean it can be undone." She answered smugly.
"She is correct Haile, even though you are head of the PTA if it was signed off upon there's not much to do about it." James answered looking disgusted by the words he was having to say.
"I disagree James, I merely asked if you know because I wanted all responsibility solely on her." Haile smiled.
"Responsibility for what doing my job?" Ms. Laden snapped.
"No, for allowing a non parent or guardian to authorize anything concerning my child, if I'm not mistaken that is against the law and punishable by jail time, at the very least you could lose your job." Haile answered.
"What are you talking about her father?"
"As of seven o'clock in the morning yesterday all legal rights had been transferred to me by my ex-husband Richard, so every thing he said, did or signed was done illegally." 
"What are your plans?" The principal asked trying not to laugh.
"As she has taken full responsibility for everything, I believe I will be calling my lawyer today and having both her and Richard brought up on charges for this, I'm sure that he'll slither out of it some how he always does but that doesn't protect you Ms. Laden." Haile said with a smile. "Now my dear Alex, what do you say? Care to still be head cheerleader?"


Chapter 12

It was so nice to see the coach suspended I almost lost bladder control for a moment when I heard the principal say those words, then I shocked everyone by letting them know that I know longer wanted to be cheer captain, all I wanted was the detention lifted.
The principal agreed and the two of us left after some heartfelt goodbyes that were so friendly I wondered for a second if my mother hadn't been messing around on my dad.
"Are you going to stay on the cheerleading team?" She asked as we met up with Hal.
"I'm not sure yet." I answered honestly. "Part of me wants to the other part doesn't, I know you have always wanted me to stick with it."
"I wanted you to have the experience under your belt for memories later in life that could help you and you have done what I asked, but your future on the team is completely up to you." 
"I vote that you 86 it." Hal chimed in.
"Why." I asked intrigued. "I always thought that all the guys liked me in the outfit including you."
"Don't get me wrong you look great in the outfit but then again you look great all the time." He answered with a shrug. "That aside you would have a heck of a lot more time on your hands, with your new job and everything you have barely been sleeping. With a little bit of extra time you could catch back up on your school work."
"I would have a lot more time." I answered walking them to the car. "I could go for that special program so I could get some college credits out of the way to."
"Then it's settled, I'll call the principal later and let him know today while we are out and about." Haile answered.
I watched Hal and Haile drive off before running back into the school where I literally bumped into Katie who was running late as well.
I jumped up ready for a fight, I certainly had enough practice lately but shockingly Katie just stood up and looked around for a minute.
"What are you doing?" I questioned.
"Looking around for a bat." She smiled.
"Unless you plan on waiting till I have another boyfriend and then sleep with him I think you are safe." I said.
"Given what happened the other day at cold stone I'd have to disagree." She said flatly waiting for my answer now that she had brought it up.
"I'm sorry about that." I said as the words failed me to continue.
"Why? I meant to push your buttons and I'd say it worked." She giggled.
"Why do you give me such a hard time these days? We used to be close friends when we were growing up." I asked.
"We drifted apart."
"Yeah but why?" I asked.
"I got jealous, you seemed to have the perfect life and I hated that." She said pausing for a second. "I wished so often that I had your boyfriend, your family, everything."
"And now?"
"Now I see that no one ever has it perfect, it just seems that way. I'm sorry your mom got sick and your boyfriend and dad cheated." She said. "I never wished anything bad to happen to you."
"Thank you Katie." I said beginning to walk past her for class. "Katie?"
We both stopped and faced each other again. "Yeah?"
"I'd like it if we could be friends again." I said.
"Me too." She answered. "I'll see you for lunch sound good?"
"Sounds better than good, it sounds great." I said.
Class was a lot better than I thought it would be, everyone didn't treat me bad or talk any crap about me, in fact the word had spread around the school that Janet was a whore and Kevin was the douche bag that everyone knew he was.
Over night I had become some what of a celebrity, I was the person who stood up for herself and didn't get walked on.
Lunch came around quickly with Katie and myself finding that we had to fight off the masses because everyone wanted to know how we became friends again. it was question after question, was it true that I caught them in bed? Did I really use a bat? Was my dad really mad? Was I going to jail? And so on and so forth.
Finally we had some time to talk, together we recounted everything that had gone on in our lives since the last time we had talked as actual friends.
I told her how wrong I had things when it came to my parents, how I had almost given in to Kevin a couple of times, the things I said to my dad when we had fought and so much more. She told me how hard things had been for her, she had family that had died from cancer as well. Her parents were struggling financially and doing the best they could but a lot more responsibility was placed on her because they were each working two jobs so for the last four months she had been raising her two younger siblings more than her parents. 
Before we knew it lunch had ended and the bell signaled that we had to get on with the day.
"It was good catching up with you Alex, I'm glad that we are friends again." Katie said hugging me.
"Me too." I smiled. "Maybe we can hang out sometime when you aren't busy with cheer stuff."
"I wish you would reconsider quitting the team could really use you." She said hopefully.
"Sorry Katie, I need to focus on my job and learning more about my parents since apparently I never really knew them." I sighed.
"I understand, well if you need anything just let me know." She said running off now that the second bell had rang.
I turned to run myself but found my way blocked by Janet who looked like she had been crying. "I never meant to betray or hurt you." She said quickly.
"No? What did you think would happen when you hopped in bed with my boyfriend?" I asked more hurt than angry now.
"I wasn't thinking."
"No you weren't and now our friendship is over, even if you hadn't done what you did our friendship would have been tested by the fact that your mom took my dad." I said.
"That's not my fault and what do you care if they are together, we have always been like sisters and my mom has treated you like a daughter. You have never even liked your mom." She reasoned.
"That doesn't make what they did right and it doesn't excuse you from banging my boyfriend but it doesn't matter because both of you ended up with real winners, I found out that my dad is not who anyone thinks he is. It is only a matter of time before he screws over your mom like he did mine and as for Kevin that piece of crap will chew you up and spit you out the first chance he gets." I said turning around. "Good luck and goodbye." I said over my shoulder.
As I walked to class I saw Kevin limping his way across the courtyard after watching our little exchange, looking across the yard I flipped him off before entering the building and heading to class. Before I reached the door though I was blindsided by a punch that made my vision go black and sent me to the floor. 
For a second my vision cleared and I saw Kevin standing over me cocking back his arm to hit me again but before he got the chance at got the image of someone jumping on his back.
The next minute or so I couldn't really see what was happening but I could hear a lot of movement and banging into the wall happening followed by a lot of screaming, finally I felt two sets of hands pulling me up from the floor and a blurry person in my vision inspecting my face.
"Are you okay?" The person said and I realized that it was Katie.
"He hit my face." I stuttered.
"I know and so does the rest of the football team." She answered. "Look."
Katie cleared my field of vision and there in front of me were two of the linebackers punching Kevin in the stomach.
"You like hitting girls huh punk?" One of them yelled as more people began to pour out of the surrounding classrooms.
"Stop." I said walking over to the two guys. "Get out of here before you guys get in trouble." 
Both of them came to their senses and run off down the hallway with people asking what had happened, in minutes the whole school knew that Kevin had hit me but it was unclear what had happened after that. Some people said that I beat him up again, others said someone else came to my defense and other said that he tried to run and ran into a wall.
When the security guards and teachers asked who had beat Kevin up no one would tell them, no one at our school wanted to be the person to help out a guy that hits girls.
They asked me what had happened and I came clean about flipping him off across the courtyard along with what happened next telling them he hit me in the face and Katie jumped on him before he could hit me again but because of the hit that was the last thing I remembered. Kevin ended up expelled from school and a police report was filed by Johnny who told me what was going on with my dad.
Johnny said that my dad had already found a buyer for the house and was going back and forth between there and June's all day moving in. Also, he had been reprimanded for giving approval to the coach the day before, his order to find her had been debunked by some lawyer that called and made it clear to the police that he had no right to look for Alex or declare her mentally unstable and any further attempts made by him would constitute deformation of character and harassment which he was also reprimanded for.
I thanked him for the information and for the first time since everything had started yesterday felt a measure of relief.
The day ended and promptly Hal and Haile showed up to take me to our new apartment which somehow my mother had got approved for in hours.
"How much is the rent?" I asked.
"700.00 she answered, all utilities paid." She answered. "It's a two bedroom."
"Okay but I only make eight dollars an hour, I'm not sure how much I can help out." I said trying to do the math in my head.
"My disability will cover the rent and some food, I will just need you to help out with food every once in a while and gas for the car. My Medicaid hasn't kicked in yet so the only driving that will be done is for you to get to school, work and food." She answered.
"I can help out too." Hal chimed in.
"You don't even have a job Hal, besides you don't have to do that we will make do." Haile told him.
"I know I just want to help." He frowned disappointed that he wasn't allowed to contribute. 
"What are we going to do about your treatment until the Medicaid starts?" I asked.
"I'll be okay until then, but for now let's go see the new place, Hal already helped me set up a lot of the furniture we bought today." Haile grinned.
"How did you afford any of this, I thought Richard took everything in the divorce?" I questioned.
"It's true that your father listed everything he knew about accounts wise but there were two accounts he did not know about, knowing who he is and what he was doing I have saved up for a long time. It's not like we are rich or anything but it will help until you find a better job and I get better." She answered with a wink.
The more I heard the more I liked the way she did things and after that display of intelligence I couldn't wait to find out who this woman, my mother really was.


Chapter 13

The apartment was nice, it was a good size and I instantly liked my room. The furniture was nice looking and very comfortable Wal-Mart really came through. The apartments had a pool so I could keep swimming everyday if I wanted to, after finishing up the move in we went back to Wal-Mart and got me a whole new wardrobe and then went to Pizza Hut for dinner. Hal hung out with until after dinner and then went home to catch up on some much needed sleep while we went to the motel and got the rest of my things that were left in the room.
Around ten at night we got back to the apartment and although my mother was nearly dead from exhaustion she wanted to stay up and talk for a while which was fine by me.
"So where should we begin?" She asked.
"Is it true that I was an accident?" I asked taking a deep breath.
"It is true that we did not plan to have you but we were not doing anything to prevent a pregnancy either, I left it up to God, if I was meant to have a baby I would." She answered.
"But dad didn't want kids?"
"No he wanted to live life with no responsibilities." She frowned. "After we had you I did everything I could to make sure you would have a good life."
"Why did you always fight with me then?" I asked.
"If you think about it Alex, I never fought with you I merely tried to do right by you." She answered.
Thinking back I realized that she was right, every time she rode my case it was about doing homework, or protecting from a jerk like Kevin, she had seen who he was far before I did. The more I searched my memory the more I saw that it was me being a brat not her fighting with me and it wasn't my dad giving me my space because he was understanding. It was because he didn't give a damn about me or what I did, he talked to me only when he had to and even then it was PR crap to shut me up.   
"I'm sorry for the way I treated you?mom." I said at last.
"It's okay Alex, you needed someone to blame for things and I didn't mind being that person if it meant you listening to the things I said." She answered.
"How do you have so many friends mom?" I asked.
"Being the wife of a man like your father you meet a lot of people, every time he did something or had a get together who do you think talked with the guests? Who do you think covered up any problems that arose? I did all those things plus helping out these many people whenever they needed something, so over the years many of the people your father thought were his friends are actually mine, a lesson he's about to learn." She smiled.
I was getting ready to reply but my cell rang and without thinking about I answered the call.
"Alex?" The voice of my boss questioned.
"Yes."
"I'm sorry but we are going to be letting you go, being that this is an at will state your employment has been terminated, you are a good worker but your father called and you won't be working for us any longer. Your last paycheck is ready for you to pick up tomorrow, again I'm sorry goodbye."
I never even got the chance to say anything back to him.
I put the phone down unsure of what I was feeling.
"What's wrong?" My mother asked taking the last of her pain medication.
"I was just fired from my job because Richard called and got them to get rid of me." I answered in a whisper.
"Bastard." She said going into a coughing fit. "Why can't he just leave us alone? Don't worry Alex I'll call the lawyer tomorrow and we'll fight it."
"No, that's okay. It was a crappy job anyway. I'll start looking for something else tomorrow." I said helping her into the wheel chair so we could get her to her room.
"You take your time and don't worry honey we'll get through this." She said as I helped her get into the bed.
"Mom." I said pausing in her doorway. "You're going to be okay right?"
"Anything is possible." She smiled. "Goodnight my daughter."
"Goodnight mother." I answered and for the first time really meant it.
The next morning I made my mother breakfast and got her anything that she might need on the table next to her before I left for school. On the way to school I had the bad feeling that someone was watching me and unfortunately I was right.
Right before I got to school an unmarked police car pulled up in front of me blocking my way and out stepped two of my least favorite people, Richard and Kevin.
"What do you want?" I questioned them backing away.
"I'm here to arrest you." Richard said.
"For what?" I said ready to run.
"Assault on Kevin of course." He answered pulling out his handcuffs.
"What? Johnny said that I wasn't going to be arrested." I answered.
"I out rank him, plus after a more thorough examination the damage you inflected on him constitutes assault." He answered forcing me to turn around while he handcuffed me.  
"Meaning you got one of your crocked friends or someone you intimidated to fake a report for you." I said spitting in his face.
I paid for that when he backhanded me for the insult and shoved me in the car hitting my head when as he did. "I've already processed your paperwork, you'll be in juvenile detention until your trail one week from now but by then you'll be kicked out of school and your record will permanently be marked as a violent offender."
"I want my one phone call." I demanded.
"Yeah I'll get right on that." He laughed as the two of them got in the car.
"You're strangely quiet woman beater." I hissed at Kevin.
"I try not to speak to whores." He answered.
"Really? How will you ever speak to Janet or her mother?" I fired back knowing that I had hit a nerve for both of them.
"Shut up!" Richard said hitting the screen in between us.
"You know it's only a matter of time before both of them find out who you guys really are." I pointed out.
"That's why you beat them into submission right away just like I did your stupid mother." Richard answered.
I knew he wanted to fight more so he could use it against me later so I ignored the comment and sat in silence until we got to the station where he ushered me in through the back entrance until we reached the holding cell for processing into the juvenile detention center.
As we passed people in the hall everyone treated my father like he was the king standing at attention whenever he came near but if I had learned one thing in the last few days there was always someone around that didn't like my father, all I had to do was wait for that person to present themselves.
The whole day passed by into the night and I couldn't help but wonder what my poor mother was going through since I hadn't come home or been allowed to call anyone, horrible thoughts went through my mind at what this amount of stress might me doing to her cancer and thus her health.
As the night dragged on I began to lose hope that anyone here would help me or go against my father and his wishes then (as dramatic as it might sound) a light at the end of the tunnel was there in front of me in the form of a night shift guard named Betty.
She opened the cell nervously looking around as she did. "You don't have much time make this call count." She said tossing me her cell phone.
Without answering I dialed Hal's number, I had thought of calling my mother but there was no guarantee that she would even be awake right now, besides if I got a hold of Hal he would contact her for me.
The phone rang and just when I thought it was going to voicemail he answered. "This had better be good." He said clearly bothered.
"Hal it's me." I said.
Instantly he was awake. "Christ Alex everybody has been going out of their minds trying to find you! What the hell is going on?!"
"Richard and Kevin showed up before I could reach school, Richard said I was being charged with assault on Kevin and then he cuffed me and brought me to Juvenile detention to await my trail in a week, no one would let me make a phone call until this nice lady came in now and leant me her cell." I said quickly.
"What do you want me to do?" He asked.
"Get a hold of my mother and let her know what's going on, she has a lawyer that can help us." I answered. "I've got to go please hurry."
"We'll get you out of there, I'm on it." He said hanging up.
I handed the phone back quickly. "Thank you, I don't mean to sound ungrateful?"
"But why am I doing this?" She said finishing the sentence for me. 
"Yes."
"I know who you are and what your own father is trying to do to you that alone would be enough but, a long time ago when I was twenty one I joined the police force, your father was my c/o and he used it to get me alone and forced himself on me." She answered in a whisper.
"He?raped you?" I said unable to believe it.
"Yes, I went to the captain and internal affairs but no one believed me, all the evidence was somehow lost and I was kicked out of the force, disgraced and dishonored. Since then I've waited for my chance to stick it to him and now is my chance anything you need just let me know. For now I better get going, we'll talk again later."
"Again thank you and I'm sorry that you went through that." I answered.
She just nodded and than locked the cell behind her leaving me to the thoughts of how much I hated that man and one way or another I was going to make sure he got what he deserved.


Chapter 14

I waited halfway through the next day before anything happened, finally the lawyer came that my mother had told me about. Mr. Gonzales was yelling so loud that he could be heard all the way in the holding areas.
"And here is the court order so I don't give a damn who told you what! If you don't get me into that cell and release my client in the next two seconds I am going to bring every single one of you up on charges!" He yelled pushing past the guards into the area to find me.
Spotting me from across the room he stomped over as a head guard chased after him with the keys to open the cell.
"Ms. Holt I assume?" He said stopping in front of my cell.
"Yes sir." I answered.
"We're getting you out of here young lady." He said as the guard scrambled to open the cell.
"Your mother called my office first thing this morning and I got everything straightened out on my end." He said opening the door for me.
"Then all the charges have been dropped?" I asked.
Frowning at the question he looked around before answering. "It would be better if we discussed this at my office, don't worry I have already taken care of your school responsibilities for the day and gotten permission from your mother to speak with you, all I need is approval from you now." 
"You have it." I answered.
Together we sped to his office on forth street where he led me into a lavishly decorated office with comfortable chairs.
"Now I need you to be absolutely candied with me here today." He began.  
"Yes sir." I answered.
"Now from the beginning tell me what has happened between you and your father since your mother went to the hospital." He said.
For the next two hours we went over everything that had happened again and again until we had covered every single detail several times.
After we had finished he offered to take me for something to eat which I gladly accepted.
We went to Garcia's restaurant on forth street.
"So what will happen now?" I asked.
"Now I will get everything ready to present the case to the judge." He answered.
"What are my chances realistically?" I asked. "And please before you answer, don't give me a beating around the bush answer."
"Truthfully?" He frowned staring out the window. "I'm not really sure."
"Because my father has a lot of friends as a cop?" I guessed.
"No it's not that your father has a lot of friends, in fact he has a good deal of enemies. People tend to do what he wants because he hurts and threatens people." He answered.
"I have gone up against your father before and paid for it dearly." He continued.
"What happened?"
"I was reprimanded and had my license reduced. It took a long time for me to get back to where I am now and truthfully I am ready to go up against him again and win." 
"I hope for the both of us you do." I said.
"Don't worry I will." He answered with a smile. "Now, in the meantime I want you to go about your business as usual I have filed an order that prevents your father or Kevin from coming anywhere near you until the trail can happen."
"Thank you."
"So where can I drop you off now?" He asked paying the bill.
"If it's okay can I call a friend of mine to pick me up?" I asked.
"Sure, I'll wait for with you until they show up." He answered happily.
He hadn't said it but I could tell that he was scared of going up against my father again but I was grateful that he was willing to put that fear to the side and at least try.
Thirty minutes later Hal pulled up with someone unexpected in the car with him.
"Katie!" I said running up to the car.
"Heard you could use some cheering up so here I am." She smiled from ear to ear.
"You guys are the best." I said hugging them both.
"So where shall we go first?" Hal asked.
"What do you say about us all acting like kids again at ITZ? My treat." Katie suggested.
"That sounds perfect to me." I agreed.
We drove to ITZ and for the next two hours forgot about everything except having fun it was great until we walked out of the there and ran into Janet and her mom that's when the day got even better.
The moment Janet saw me she started crying and ran right past me into ITZ leaving her mother to talk with us.
"Hello Alex, still holding a grudge against me for what happened with your father?" She asked.
"Not at all, you got what you deserve, you got him and that man is not my father." I answered. "The same is true for Janet and Kevin."
"What's wrong with her anyway?" Hal questioned looking at Janet who was waiting behind the doors for her mother.
"Not that it's any of your business but she has been having a very hard day." June answered.
"Is that because she's knocked up?" Katie asked surprising us all.
"Where did you hear that?!" June demanded stepping towards Katie until Hal balled his fists and stepped in front of her.
"Back off!" he demanded.
"You can all go to hell!" She said stomping off.
"Karma is a bitch huh?" I said watching her enter the building without turning to respond.
"That's was cool." Hal said. "How did you know she was pregnant?"
"I heard a rumor at school today, Janet was talking to one of the other girls on the cheer team and you know how they can't keep a secret. Well Janet told Alice that she had been cheating with Kevin for over a month before you caught them because he told her that he was in love with her during that time they were having sex and surprise, surprise she got knocked up." Katie laughed.
"That makes perfect sense, the day I caught them she was throwing up for no reason, she came up with some lame excuse about food poisoning but I bet it was really morning sickness." I giggled.
"Oh it gets better." Katie smiled from ear to ear.
"I also heard that when she went to get checked out the doctor told her that she has gonorrhea, so when she left there she went to talk to Kevin and caught him banging that slut Diana Martin, she lost it and feinted, when she came to she told Kevin and Diana everything. Kevin said it wasn't his and accused her of being the one that gave him a disease and said he wasn't going to help her with anything until she got a DNA test done."
"There really is a God." I smiled looking up at the sky.
"Given the trail and you having to deal with your father and his crap still let's hope so." Hal said as we began walking to the car. 
"I have faith." I smiled at him.
"About time." He smiled.
"Did I take too long?" I snapped at him with a fake punch to his arm.
"You're a slow learner sometimes." He laughed. "But you're finally learning what's best for you and who."
"The man has a point." Katie smiled tackling us both with her arms around our shoulders. "So where should we go now?"
"I'm thinking we can go to Outback steakhouse, it's my mom's favorite place to eat, we can get dinner and I can get some food to take home to her." I decided.
We went to the steakhouse and had a great time fantasizing about what we were going to do in the future, what our dream jobs would be and such. It was so great that I didn't really want the night to end but I knew it had to and I couldn't wait to get back and check on my mom, we had really bonded and I finally knew just how much I loved her. 
Hal and Katie dropped me off at the apartment and I assured them that I would be seeing them at school tomorrow, after they left I ran up the stairs flew in the door locking it behind me as I headed to my moms room.
"Mom, I'm home. I can't wait to tell you everything that I found out today!" I said entering her room.
When I got in her room I found her fast asleep with the TV on, I was thankful that she looked like she wasn't in too much pain tonight, I decided it was best if I didn't wake her, the stuff I had to tell her could wait until the morning. I leaned in to kiss her on the cheek goodnight and that's when I noticed that she wasn't breathing.


Chapter 15

I scrambled to dial 911 with shaking hands.
"911 please state the nature of your emergency." The police operator said in a calm tone.
"My mother isn't breathing! I need help!" I yelled into the phone.
"I need you to remain calm, where are you located and why is your mother not breathing?" She demanded.
"I'm at the Aquawater apartments, apartment D3. My mother has advanced stage cancer and she's not breathing!" I repeated. "Please I need help."
"Try to remain calm young lady I know you are scared but help is on the way, do you know CPR?" She questioned.
"I took some classes in school." I stammered trying to recall the training I had been given. "I'm not sure I remember though."
"I'll walk you through it does your phone have speaker capabilities?"
"Yes." I answered pressing the button. "You're on speaker now."
"Okay follow my instructions exactly, this will help keep her from having permanent damage." She said.
I don't know exactly how long it took the paramedics to get there but it seemed like forever, I stayed on the line with the operator who kept reassuring me and coaching me in what to do. Finally the EMT's arrived and took over as I paced back and forth waiting for some kind of news, they kept talking back and forth saying a bunch of stuff that I really didn't understand. Minutes past by and we all hustled downstairs into the ambulance on the way to the hospital, I watched as they finally got her breathing and set up an IV.
We arrived at the hospital and my mother was carted off into the back emergency room while I waited anxiously outside, I wanted to call my friends for support but I was barely holding myself together as it was, I just knew that if I called them I would lose it completely.
Hours past by before the doctor came out and in a second I knew that he didn't have good news for me before he reached me I started crying uncontrollably as I fell backward into the seat behind me.
"Ms. Holt?" He questioned.
I looked up with my face full of tears and my eyes puffed. "Yes."
"I'm sorry Ms. Holt but there is nothing more we can do for your mother, it is only a matter of minutes now. We tried everything but the cancer is to far gone."
"Couldn't she survive on a respirator?" I asked.
"She could but I'm afraid even if she were to wake up she wouldn't be the woman you knew, I don't know how long she had been without oxygen when you found her but even now she is brain dead." He reasoned.
"I don't care! I want her on a respirator!" I demanded.
"I'm afraid that I can't do that." He answered shaking his head.
"Why not? I can find a way to pay for it!"
"It's not a matter of money Ms. Holt, your mother signed a DNR when she found out about the cancer and how progressive it was." He answered.
"What the hell is a DNR?"
"It is a do not resuscitate order which means if she were to die we were ordered not to try and bring her back, as it is I have not followed that order right now so you have time to say your goodbyes." He whispered. "Unless of course you prefer not to."
"No?" I cried quietly. "I want to say goodbye how long do I have?"
"I'll give you five minutes. Please follow me." He said ushering me through the double doors.
I walked in silence trying to think of all the things I would like to say to her, would she know what I was saying? I wasn't sure but either way I wanted to do it. 
The doctor opened a door for me where my mother was laying on a bed only breathing and alive in any sense of the word because of the machines she was hooked up to, the doctor left and gave me privacy as I slowly walked over to her bedside.
"Mom, I had a hundred things I to say when I got in here but now the only thing I want to say is I love you and I'm going to miss you so very much. I feel like we were robbed of time, finally we broke through the barrier I had created between us and now it's too late. I wish that you could know how sorry I am for the lost years and how I wish we could have them back, I love you mom and I don't know how to get through everything that's happening without you, I don't have you to lean on now, I don't have the money to pay for the lawyer and my life is just falling apart." I said lying on her stomach. "Goodbye mother, I love you."
Just as I finished the doctor walked back in patting me on the back. "I'm sorry for your loss, we have to make arrangements for your mother but that can wait until later, please leave a contact number with your information with the nurse."
I just nodded my head as I walked out the door in a trance to the nurses' station and jotted down my information before walking out into the waiting room where my lawyer was waiting for me.
"I'm so sorry Alex." He said.
"How did you know we were here Mr. Gonzales?" I asked walking up to him.
"I was on your mothers contact list were anything to happen of this nature." He replied.
"I'm sorry Mr. Gonzales?"
"Felix." He said.
"Felix, I'm sorry but I can't afford to pay you for the trail any longer." I said beginning to cry.
"Don't worry Alex, I am taking this case on probono." He said, then noticing the confused look on my face he continued. "It means I am taking the case on for free."
"Why?"
"You know my reasons Alex and they haven't changed except for adding to it." He smiled.
"Adding to the reason?"
"In memory of your mother." He answered. "Now let's get you home you have a long week ahead of you."
He drove me home and despite my grief or because of it I fell asleep the second my head hit the pillow.
The next morning I went to school hoping that it would keep my mind busy and the sadness at bay but it didn't work, word spread fast about my mother's death and everyone made it a point to console me. The day dragged on and all that was on my mind was how I was going to arrange and pay for my mothers funeral, I know she had saved a little bit of money but I didn't know what bank it was in or if I would even be able to access it.
After school ended Hal walked me to the car without a word allowing me space even though he was with me, it was a comfort to know he was there if I needed him. When we reached the car he opened the door for me.
"Alex." He said handing me an envelope.
I opened the envelope to find it full of money. "What's this?" I said surprised at the sight of the cash.
"It's four hundred bucks that I have saved up over the last year, I know it's not a whole lot of money but hopefully it can help you with the funeral arrangements." He answered.
"I can't take this."
"Sure you can, your mother was a good person who always treated me great and I care about you." He said turning a shade of red.
The second he finished talking all the things he had said and done for me over the long years we knew each other came rushing back to me. All the many times he stood up for me, fought for me, consoled me when I was down and even when I was hard to be around he stuck by me and for the first time since I had known him I saw him in a different light. I realized that he was the guy I should have been with all along, why hadn't I seen it before? Again it was another relationship I had taken for granted and I wasn't about to lose another second, so suddenly I jumped on him giving him the biggest kiss I could.  
"I'm sorry that it took me so long to realize that you are the person I should have always been with." I said as we finished kissing.
"You were worth the wait." He smiled holding me in his arms.
"You sure?" I smiled.
"Positive." He answered kissing me again. "What are you going to do now?" He asked hoping that it was going to be something involving the two of us.
 "I have to get home and make some calls so I can figure out what I'm going to do for my mom." I answered.
"I'll call you later tonight then?" He questioned.
"You better." I answered giving him a last peck on the lips before getting in the car.
I watched him walk away with a smile on my face until my phone starting ringing. "Hello?"
"Hello, is this Ms. Alexandria Holt?"
"Yes, how can I help you?"
"Ms. Holt my name is Holden Grace, I am the executor of your mothers will, would it be at all possible for you to come into my office so we can discuss things?"
"Ah sure." I answered, I had never thought about her having a will but it made sense given how cleverly she had hid things from my father. "When would you like me to come in?"
"The sooner the better." He answered.
I agreed to come in right then, he gave me the address and I was on my way.
When I walked in the office Holden himself greeted me, he was an older man with salt and pepper hair, he had a grace and kindness about him that had me trusting him instantly.
"I'm sorry we have to meet under these circumstances but all too often that is when I met new people I'm afraid." He said shaking my hand gently.
"That must be hard." I sympathized. 
"At times it is." He answered with a troubled look on his face. "But enough about me, why don't you come back to my office, there's someone who wants to speak with you."
Chapter 16

I walked into the back office and sat down in the comfortable chair in front of the desk waiting for Holden to be ready, I was surprised that no one was in the office even though he had told me that someone wanted to speak with me.
"How long before this person gets here?" I asked wondering who it could be.
"They are already here." He answered placing a laptop in front of me.
"We're going to Skype?" I guessed.
"No." He smiled hitting a couple of buttons on the keypad.
The screen flickered to life with my mother in front of me as a video began to play. She looked sick indicating that she had recorded it right before she died.
"Hello Alexandria, first let me say that I love you very much. As I am making this video I have the hope that we have began talking like mother and daughter before I died, if so let me tell you not to worry about the time we lost the time we spent together talking together was worth more than any time we were apart." She paused. "I know that you probably feel alone but trust me you are not, further more when it comes to money let me tell you that it won't be a problem so use it wisely. My funeral has already been paid for out of my earnings as well through the Morgan funeral home, all you have to do is set up the time that you want it done and get the announcements ready. Now I am sure you are wondering about the money I told you about, before your father and I were together I worked for many years, I kept a 401k and never touched the money in it. I had meant to save up money for a few years and then surprise your father with a massive gift but the longer we were married the more I realized I should keep it safe from him that is when I started taking steps to ensure you would be taken care of, I also set up my own life insurance policy and since I took care of the finances I set up the separate account for myself and you. Now that I have pasted away all of those holdings have been combined into one account that is solely under your control, assuming my calculations are correct along with the doctors timeline when I die you will have around four hundred thousand dollars." She smiled. "I told you that I would always take care of you and I always will, trust me when I say that your father won't be bothering you ever again. You have another surprise coming your way. I love you Alexandria and I am always with you."
The screen went blank and Holden closed the lid to the laptop leaving me speechless.
"I have the proper documents for you to sign right here." He said replacing the laptop with a small pile of papers.
"What did she mean by another surprise?" I questioned.
"That I don't know." He answered. "This is the first I have seen of the video and all I know about is the other things that she mentioned."
"I wonder what she has planned." I said thoughtfully as I scrolled through the papers signing everywhere he pointed.
"Your mother was an amazing person so who knows?" He shrugged.
I finished signing the papers and then left the office heading home in a daze, when I got there I went into my room and opened up my laptop surfing the web looking for the Morgan funeral home, when I got the number I called and confirmed everything with the security for times and dates of the services and at the same time asked if they did announcements which they did and set that up as well.
The two days waiting for the funeral to happen was nerve racking worse yet it landed on the same day as the trail I had to attend for the bogus charges brought up by my dad and Kevin so I was going to need to leave the funeral and head straight to the courthouse, not my idea of mourning properly for my mother. Originally the court date was set up for later in the week but after the notice came out miraculously the court date was moved, one guess on who did that.
Hal and Katie practically lived with me for the days in between and had been the literal back bone of my support, together they kept me for breaking down more times than I can remember. The day of the funeral Hal told me he would have to meet us there because he had to take care of something, he was vague on the details of what it was which typically meant he was getting into trouble somehow or somewhere. 
I pushed that unpleasant thought from mind as Katie and I drove to the funeral home where everyone had already gathered and was waiting for me so they could start.
More people than I ever imagined to come showed up, I had no idea that my mother was so well known and liked. Nearly everyone who came cried deeply and felt for me in an amazing way my mother hadn't been exaggerating when it came to how many friends she had made over the years while covering for my father's many indiscretions.
 When the funeral was completed I cried saying my goodbyes to my mother and apologized to the guests letting them know that I would be very late for the wake. My aunt took over for me from there as Katie, Hal and I went to the courthouse for my trail.
With a deep breath I walked into the courthouse to meet my lawyer who was talking with an older man who had his back to me. As I walked up the man turned around and to my surprise it was the well known investigative reporter from channel four who had a reputation for getting to the bottom of things.
"Ah Alex, so good to see you, this is James Garner from channel four news." Felix said.
"Yes I recognized him from the television it's good to see you, how is it that I can help you?" I questioned shaking his hand.
"As it turns out young lady I am here to help you." He smiled.
"How?"
"I was able to help with the aid of your mother, but everything will become clear during the trail. Shall we?" He questioned opening the door for me.
Frowning for a moment I nodded at him and then entered the courtroom where my father was waiting in the seat right behind the prosecutors desk with my ex-boyfriend Kevin.
I ignored them both as they shoot me glaring looks, Hal and Katie sat in the seat right behind me at the defense desk.
The court case started off with the prosecution accusing me of everything except the Kennedy assassination, they had Janet and June as witnesses for the day I was at their house and some students (friends of Kevin's) for the day at school where I was made out to be the bad guy in the situation.
When it was our turn Felix went to work cross examining the witnesses thoroughly and did a fair job of discrediting some of what they had said, after he had finished I was left with mixed feelings about how the whole thing had gone so far.
"How are we doing do you think?" I asked.
"Not bad so far but now when we call our witnesses is when the tables will really turn." He smiled.
The judge called for our witnesses and to my surprise he didn't call me first instead he called Mr. Garner to the stand, Mr. Garner sat on the stand getting sworn in beaming like he couldn't wait to talk.
"Mr. Garner what do you know about Mr. Richard Holt and the events that happened described so far in the courtroom?" Felix asked.
"I have done an extensive investigation into Mr. Richard Holt, so I can't tell you fully about the events that happened on those occasions what I can tell you is that Mr. Holt cannot be trusted." He answered.
"Objection your honor that is opinion and speculation." The prosecutor yelled shooting to his feet.
"Sustained." The judge answered.
"Your honor the witness is not stating an opinion if the judge would allow we will explain further." Felix explained.
"Make your point quickly." The judge sighed sitting back in his chair to listen.
"Thank you, your honor." He said. "Mr. Garner please explain the basis for your earlier statement."
"With pleasure, you see after the unfortunate passing of Mrs. Holt I received a package in the mail containing a recorded conversation." He answered.
"The defense would like to play the conversation and admit the conversation as defense exhibit A." Felix said approaching the bench.
"Objection your honor Mr. Holt is a decorated and well respected member of the police force and he is not the one on trail here today." The prosecutor said angrily.
"The defense is trying to establish creditability of the witness regarding the matter at hand and considering that he has spear headed this case against my client I believe this to be relevant to the case." Felix quickly rebutted.
"Overruled." The judge announced.
Felix walked over to the table and played the tape which to everyone's surprise had the recorded conversation that my mother had with my father the day he was looking for me in hospital. The look on my fathers face was priceless when he heard his many admissions played for him in the courtroom.
After the tape finished Felix gave no one room to recover he was ready to go for the throat, it was time for the payback he had been waiting for.
"Mr. Garner after you received this tape what did you do next?" He questioned.
"I lunched a full investigation into the life of Richard Holt." He answered.
"And what did you learn?"
"Working in conjunction with internal affairs we learned that Mr. Holt has done several illegal dealings in fact the police set up a sting operation and are here now to take Mr. Holt into custody." He answered.
As he finished several officers rushed my father and took him into custody listing off his many indiscretions when they hauled him away.
"Sorry for the interruption your honor but the police department chose how and when to apprehend Mr. Holt." Felix apologized.
"I'll take it up with the department later please continue." The judge said adjusting himself in his seat.
"Did you find anything else out?" Felix said turning back to Mr. Garner.
"Yes, we also found out that Mr. Holt has been sleeping with not only June Reno and but with her daughter as well Ms. Janet Reno. Mr. Holt took Janet Reno to a clinic to get an abortion but she refused to go through with the procedure, having her blood work and amniotic fluid on file we obtained a court order and had a DNA test performed, Mr. Holt is not only the father of her unborn child but he is also the one that gave her gonorrhea." He answered.
June shoot to her feet and slapped her daughter before storming out of the courtroom with Janet trailing behind her.
"I have heard enough given the evidence I have heard today I am dismissing all charges against Ms. Holt and this incident will be expunged from her record." He said hitting the gavel on the table.
I couldn't believe that things had gone down like this, in the end my mother really did stay with me and protect me through out everything.
"Congratulations Alex you are free to go." Felix said shaking my hand.
I walked out of the courtroom a free woman with my life ahead of me, I had a good boyfriend and great girlfriend and most importantly I knew that no matter where I went or what I did my mother would always be with me.

