NIGHT TRIP
Copyright 2013 Peter Ackers
THIS SMASHWORDS EDITION 2013
all rights reserved
this is a work of fiction


NIGHT TRIP


"LOOKING AT WEDDING DRESSES"
A picture, they say, tells a thousand words. Well, video runs at a typical 24 frames per second. It was a twenty-six minute tape I watched that night. You do the math. No? Well allow me. 24 (frames) times 60 (seconds) times 26 (minutes) equals 37,400. Words, that is. Thats half a novel. That might take all day to read. Thats like someone stretching this fucking 26-minute story over a whole bloody day! 
That bitch. That silly, evil little bitch thought I might have too many unanswered questions if she simply told me the story. It would take too long, she said. Day after day, back Id come, trying to get her to explain this or that in more detail, elaborate on this piece or that segment. Much easier, she figured, to just show me the tape. The fucking tape shed fucking made of her and my fucking friend fucking in his fucking bed!
What is it exactly that we so hate about a partner cheating? Is it the fact that it is cheating, and cheating is against the rules? Well, I caught my girlfriend cheating at Monopoly once, and she'd lied to me about why her brother was in prison - why didnt those things bother me? A board game. Manslaughter instead of fraud. Big deal.
Is it the fact that by fucking my friend, she was effectively admitting that I dont give her what she wants, or enough of it? No, shes always telling me, in a joking manner, that she could kill me if she really unleashed her sexual hunger on me, could just milk me dry. If she was planning to make up for my flaws by bringing in another man, she would have told me, or asked me, beforehand. Not shown me afterwards. We would have worked through the problem.
Is it the fact that for that period when my friend was fucking away at her, I was out of her mind and he was all over it? That for that period he was the better man? The only man who mattered in her world?
Is it the fact that the wool had been pulled over my eyes? After all, they had their little secret, and they could, by way of smirks and winks, insult me behind my back.
You know, I just dont know. I couldnt figure exactly why it was that after watching that video, I felt nothing but rage and a spiralling urge to tear out his throat, his more than hers, for some reason. But hers too.
Back story bit: Wed travelled up to this little place in the middle of nowhere. A cottage by a river, set behind a row of shops on one side of a one-street village, closer to cows than cars. The road leading down to the cottage dipped sharply behind the houses, so that the river and the little bit of land the cottage had all to itself were towered over by the rear ends of homes high in a cliff. Anyone chucking rubbish out their windows up there would plaster it on the cottages roof, some ninety feet below. But that didnt bother us, because the people here were nice and not the sort to lob crap out the windows. Besides, the cottage was owned by some local man whod moved down south and now leased it out. Those who rented it were strangers to the village, people who could torch a few houses and cars before they left and probably never be found, if theyd given false names. So it wasnt worth the risk of opening a window and flicking out old tampons or whatever. Not if there was a chance of waking at night with your bedsheets aflame.
Anyway, there we were. Hidden behind a cliff and some houses, wrapped in stone, next to a secluded river, where we were so absolutely alone. No family (we hadnt even left them with a specific destination, and didnt plan to answer our mobile phones). Time away from life; just me and her. And I'd had something planned, a gift of sorts - only shed brought that bloody tape! Now, I didnt know what was on it when she brought it into the living room, mind you. Wed just had dinner when she produced it. The village had a solitary pub, and we were planning to go over for a pint. I was letting my dinner settle, and she was going to go in the shower, beginning the lengthy logistical nightmare that is a womans preparation for a night on the town. She sat me down, produced the tape, and even poured me a glass of wine! Like she was settling me down for a nice movie. This is something you need to see before our relationship progresses, she had said earlier.
Well talk about this afterwards, she said now, so calmly, so fucking full of bullshit innocence. I didnt know what to expect, but I was curious. I remember thinking I was going to see her filmed touring the shops with her mum, looking at wedding dresses. I got nervous. Was this some new way of proposing marriage? I could vision her in the shaky video as her mum stumbled about with the camera, as people do when their field of vision is suddenly restricted. Saw her point to and pick up and pose behind a variety of dresses as the woman behind the camera cooed and the saleswoman thought of her commission and said that every dress was so you!
Instead, there was my friends big round face, with that bloody straggly goatee beard that he thought made him look sophisticated, but which actually made him look like some twat whod just been rescued from a desert island after three starving weeks. He was sneering at the camera in close-up.
I think its on, he said. The red lights on.
Sos mine, said a voice I knew was my girls. And that was when I knew something was wrong. Something lurched in my guts, the way your stomach jolts when you go over a small hill in a car. The little black box was turning over and over in my impatient hands. My gift to my girl was inside. Guess the cheesiest, most embarrassing thing that could be inside at a time like this and you'd be right. Straight out of a soap opera, right?
My pal the fucking forklift driver. He stepped aside, and there she was. Short skirt of green, just above her knees. That tight white blouse I bought her a few weeks back. The outfit pricked a memory in my head. Suddenly I knew when this little film was set. The "forker and his dad had been going to the cinema, and so had my girl and her mother, but as two separate groups that must have collided in the foyer or in the dark theatre. One dad, single; one mum, single. I dont know if those two had fucked, too. Certainly theyd chatted, maybe flirted. Maybe theyd exchanged phone numbers after the film, perhaps arranged a nice dinner date or another film. Not like todays youth, which was all cum and alcohol and isnt-ROMANCE-the-name-for-people-from-Italys-capital-city? So mum and Dad had gone their separate ways, and here were my girl and the forker, in what I recognised was the forkers bedroom. Well, maybe his dads room next door was also occupied by a couple about to get it on. Maybe there was a fucking video camera set up there, too. Maybe they were two units of the same bloody film crew, shooting concurrently to save time. Maybe they were in competition.
My girl yanked open her blouse, showing her red bra. I got the red light joke then. Yes, so funny. Bitch. The forker rushed over, planted one hand on each tit and pushed. She fell on the bed with a giggle. That giggle was more painful than seeing his fucking paws on tits that had become exclusively mine the moment shed agreed to be my girlfriend (and agree she did - I asked her via text one day after our second date). Then she was on her back and they were snogging and fumbling, and just then I could hear the shower going upstairs. Shed had a shower after coming in that night, too. Guys, never trust a woman who comes in and goes straight for the shower. Guys, never trust a woman.
The forker got up, stood back, started to take his gear off. He did it slowly, piecemeal, and for each item of clothing he removed, she discarded an item too. Because shed twisted her elbow shuffling cards (if you can believe that! She liked playing cards and mastering different shuffles), she wore an elbow support. There was a segment when she removed this cotton support in answer to the forker removing his jeans, and they both found this hilarious. That was one of the worst parts of the whole video. That bond they had, it was worse than the shagging they did, in ways. The shagging was a one-off event, but that look they shared, that laughter they shared That haunts me still.
Then they were on each other, naked, on top of the bed. Even though this was just foreplay at the minute, the bastard was making more noise than she was, groaning like a man in pain. They rolled around, touching, nibbling, stroking. She gave him a blowjob, and he lay on his back and grinned at the camera. He took her hair in his fist and forced her harder and faster, just like I used to do. She spat him out for a moment so she could answer his question of Do you like that, baby? with I love it, baby. For all the stinging that caused me, the bastard might as well have been with me in that room, stabbing me in the heart with a spike with each upward thrust into her mouth.
She asked if it was her turn for oral, and the bastard just winked at her and said, Maybe later, babe. I dont know if I was glad he didnt go down on her. Sure, to this day Ive put my tongue in her and he hasnt, but I know that bastard never goes down on his women because he doesnt like it, so thats where I get confused on the subject. I've done what he hasn't with her, but he still got his way with her, soif you catch my train of thought
He flipped her onto her knees and bounced round to her rear to stick his bastard dick in from behind. I could hear the wet slapping of his sweaty balls on her arse cheeks. At one point he grabbed a magazine and laid it open on her back, and they both laughed as he flipped the pages, reading and offering titbits like, Buy one, get one free on shampoo at the mini-mart this week.
After this base action, they settled into a slower routine and slipped under the blanket for soft and sensual lovemaking, which hit me like a fucking train. If Id caught them doing that in real-life, I swear I know I wouldnt have been able to stop myself from killing them as they lay naked and aroused.
After the bastard shot his load in her, he turned her over and gave her a brief massage, all of fifteen seconds. His idea of being romantic, probably. Then he climbed out of the bed and came to the camera, to turn it off. I saw spunk dangling and flicking from his dick as it shook like a fleshy pendulum with each stride he made. Bastard. To think Id put my tongue down in her since then. Right in where hed unleashed. To think Id kissed lips that had enveloped his dick.
I squeezed the little black box so hard it cracked. Inside was nestled a ring I'd bought for my girl. Not an engagement ring, just a "little something" for her. It could become something "more" later, I'd always thought. I wanted to kill him. Really. If my phone had beeped and a text message had informed me hed just died, I would have been overjoyed. Of course, I couldnt kill him because he was back home, a hundred miles away, and I was here in this little village. Alone.
Alone with her.



"JUST TO PISS MY GIRLFRIEND OFF"
Sometimes when you look at some unhappy couple who bicker and bitch, you could be forgiven for wondering why they stay together. Sometimes its because of the kids, and sometimes its because theyve developed a life together that has shackled them irreparably: they have family that are friends, they have joint loans, a mortgage - an ordered if cataclysmic lifestyle. But just sometimes its because deep down a part of their brains cling onto the hope of rekindling what first drew them together. I imagine that subconscious hope is like the panicked hope of a drowning man clutching at straws. Its a basic desire to live, to breath, to keep going.
There were no kids in our relationship, but something was keeping me bonded to her. I had sought her with an eye to dumping her, but as I went up the stairs, heading for the bedroom, some voice in my head told me this was all salvageable. Yet I wasn't sure that was what I wanted.
I pushed open the door. There she was, in front of the vanity table, applying eye-liner. I find that fascinating, by the way. Eye-liner. You girls pull out your skin and scrape a pen along near the eye - uugghh! One slip, one nudge
I walked in, clenching my jaw. I wanted to scream. At that moment, there was something so much worse than the fact that my girl had fucked my friend. It was that shed left me to watch the film while she sat up here and made herself beautiful. As if shed left me watching a soap opera. And now she didnt look shocked or scared or even fucking guilty.
Well, what do you think?
What a fucking question! What was she after, a review?
Very good, I said. Id bitten the bait shed unwittingly left. I congratulated myself on my restraint - I hadnt flown across the room and taken her around the throat. I could control this bit of interaction, hopefully. Good cinematography. Good use of lighting. The acting was a bit off, but, then, that wasnt acting, was it? A lot of chemistry. Too much. Too much for two people igniting the spark for the first time I left the accusation hanging, hoping shed take the bait.
She did. You think we were having an affair? No. She paused here to peruse her eyes in the mirror. We got close that night, thats all. It was a one night thing. We agreed that in the cinema.
In the cinema! Id been hoping theyd gotten so drunk that laughter in the back of a taxi home had turned into a kiss, into a fumble, into a come-on-lets-have-a-drunken-quickie. But now she almost seemed to be admitting that the event had had all the planning of the scripted film I had been joking about. In the fucking cinema!
So you made an executive decision? Weighed up the pros and cons? Was it worth it? Fucking up our relationship by fucking some guy? I hope he was good.
That last part was sarcasm, but she seemed to miss it: You do? Thats a weird reaction. If it pleases you, he was.
I know he was, I hissed. I saw the fucking film, remember. I heard your moaning.
She set aside the eye-liner and reached for her lipstick. Before she could apply it, I strode over, snatched it from her hand and tossed it against the wall. It broke, and left a red blot like a splash of blood. Maybe blood would join it soon.
Bloody hell, what are you doing? I bellowed. You still think were going out? After this?
She huffed. I thought we were going to discuss this like rational humans. If Id known youd act this way, I would have kept the tape hidden.
Now, much later, I still hope Id heard that part wrong. Her head didnt split against the wall: I congratulated myself again.
I sat on the bed with my back to her. There was no point in getting angry and making accusations. Thats not how I would get information. And she was right about one thing: I was the sort who needed to see the whole picture, not just a few fragments with which to build a general image. Shed been right to show me the video if only for this reason, because it stopped my mind guessing, inventing, and that in turn stopped my voice bombarding her with questions about that night, that event. Unfortunately, the video didnt explain the why; it didnt tell me what had driven her to cheat on me in the first place. And my mind got to work formulating a target package for my mouth.
Why him? Is he the only one? Why that night? We hadnt argued.
Can you see my hairbrush? Its not here. Did you move it?
Why did you fucking cheat on me, you slag?
Something hard bounced off my back, maybe a small bottle of nail polish or a lipstick or something. I didnt turn. Her voice was icy. To think I used to bring that mouth to my parents dinner table.
And Ive sucked that bastards dick by proxy.
What are you talking about?
I paced again. It was getting hard to remain calm. Was he the first? Was he the last? I swear, if youve given me any diseases
She stopped applying make-up. Finally something had gotten past her cold shield of indifference. She glared at me.
I didnt relent: That bastards a rabbit on heat. He shags a different bird each week. And he didnt use a raincoat when he was sticking his dick in your arse. Lord knows what hes given you. They could freeze you and keep you as a portable diseases laboratory. Tell the next guy to forget condoms and buy a raspberry-flavoured HAZMAT suit.
I saw her eyes narrow. It was how she slipped into tigress mode. Id seen it a couple of times.
Youre just jealous I never let you stick it up my ass, she said, softly.
And I was, I fucking was. Soon as that bit came on the screen, I was filled with a jealously that totally wiped away the anger and shock. My girlfriend of three years. Wed told each other everything. Wed been as one through everything. But my dim friend the bloody forklift driver had experienced my girl in a way that had always been forbidden to me. That hurt like hell. That hurt resurfaced now, and with it came a thudding ball of anger. Because she knew that it bothered me. Worse, she knew that she had done something that, even if I forgave the infidelity, I could never get over.
Let me fuck you up the arse, I said before I could stop myself.
She looked deep in thought. Closure.
What?
You think hes done better than you. Maybe you think he achieved something you couldnt. So its now an alpha male ego thing. You fuck me up the ass, your ego can tell you that you levelled the score, maybe outdid him because youve also shot your spunk down my throat and he hasnt?
I stayed quiet. Because she was absolutely right.
Would that make things better between us? Calm you down a bit, like a cat that got the cream? She stood, turned, lifted up her skirt, pulled down her green knickers - she likes green. Showed me her rump, invitingly. Go on, then. Quick. Use my lip balm as a lubricant if its too tight.
I didnt move. Suddenly she lost her glamour, her femininity. Here stood a dirty slag. Mutton wrapped as beef, I think the saying goes. I didnt want her anywhere near me. I didnt know this woman any longer.
No, I said. I want you out. I want you out of this house, right now.
The brash front evaporated; she sat down. Why?
Dont sound so shocked. Youve got no soul, showing me that video and not even realising how awful and wrong this whole things been. Youre an animal. It was bestiality, shagging you. They should have fucking arrested me. Out. I pointed at the wall.
I told you it was a one-off mistake. I said it wouldnt happen again. I told you it was just a silly woman-on-heat thing. Why are you being like this?
The trust is gone. I cant trust you again, ever. I wouldnt believe the fucking time of day out of that hole in your face. Out. Another finger jabbed at the wall.
I paid for this weekend. I signed for it.
Youve got the car. You can drive home. Im staying. Out.
She didnt move. Didnt speak.
I relaxed a bit. Please go. I cant be near you.
Now she actually looked hurt. The angry face I wore must have confused her, made my pain seem unreal or hidden. Now she was seeing me as hurt by what shed done. And she didnt like it.
I cant drive back with you. I cant sit in that car with you. Just go and leave me alone tonight.
You can sit in the back seat, she implored. We dont have to talk. You dont have to look at me.
Ill smell you. Unless you suggest we get a trailer, and I can ride home in that? Or some roller skates and rope so you could tow me along like a fucking water-skier. Im staying, and youre fucking going.
No, you want to shag someone, dont you? Youre going to go and sleep with a girl to get revenge. Please dont. We can work this out.
I went to the door. Im going downstairs. Im gonna put my shoes on and go out to the bridge and sit under it -
What are you saying? Make sense!
- and Im going to skim five stones into the water. No more. Then Im going to come back here, and if youre still here I paused. I gave her a glare, tried to make it look evil and sincere. If youre still here, we get on the ten oclock news tonight. Today, now, Im proud of that line. The rest of this youre reading might be clever paraphrasing to inject a bit of drama, a hint of comedy. But that line is verbatim. Proud of it.
I did what I said. Downstairs. Shoes. River. Bridge. Stones. As I was searching for a nice, flat stone number four, I heard her car start up. I was tempted to step out and stop her - my point had been made, and by preparing to drive away she had admitted she was sorry. I had won. This was where I was meant to jump out like a castaway spying a ship, waving my arms and shouting. I would take her back inside and make love to her, and while she was blowing me she would spit me out for a moment to answer my question of Am I a better fuck than him? with Much better, baby. Yeah.
Instead, I sat in self-pity and waited until the sound of her car had gone. I took the ring in its little box out of my pocket, preparing to toss it away. But part of me didn't like to get rid of the monetary value of the ring, so I kept it. I put it on my own finger, making it mine, and I tossed the box into the river, and that kind of covered the pride problem.
By the time I had traipsed back to the cottage, I knew shed have left the village, probably soon to be on the motorway. I hoped her green skirt was sodden with tears. I sort of hoped shed cry on her hands, lose her grip on the steering wheel and crash into a coach coming the other way - a coach of sumo wrestlers, just to make sure she was suitably squashed. No, I hoped shed crash back home, on the forkers street. Right into his house while he was watching TV. Or recording something on his camera with the fucking little red light on.
I went in and headed straight for the wine rack. Empty. The little bitch had taken all the wine, and it wasnt even ours! I feared she was planning to go console herself round at the forkers, but managed to laugh that bit of paranoia off moments later.
9.39 p.m. Early days yet. This little village had one solitary pub. The plan was still on. Beer. I was going. I was going to get drunk tonight and forget all my worries. And, with luck, Id find a nice slag to shag, just to piss my girlfriend off. Yeah. With a bit more luck, the girl would have brought her camcorder along.



"LOCKED IN A ROOM WITH "
The front of the pub had a six-feet high hedge gashed open by a lich gate. I creaked the iron gate open, ducked under the sheet of cobwebs spanning the top of the stone arch, and went down the path. Despite the large sign over the door and a couple of benches in the garden (and a scattering of small plants each held upright by a wooden splint with a tip filed needle-sharp for some illogical reason), it was obvious this place was someones converted house. It was a two-story building, quite tall, and it stood alone, propped up by a wide buttress on either side, almost like giant wings folded away. A dome atop the building, for a head, would have completed the image of a gargantuan stone bird.
The entrance was a single door with a frosted glass window. Behind the window hung a sign whose words were large enough to just make out through the frosting: CLOSED.
I began to doubt this was a public house at all. It looked just like someones house, and what typical pub closed at 10.00 p.m.? I turned to go, suddenly feeling like a trespasser.
A security light over the door flicked on, exposing me, then another in the hall beyond the door. But my movements couldnt have triggered it, since I was now heading away from the door. I turned in time to see a black humanoid shape behind the glass. It unlocked the door, which promptly swung inwards.
You need a quick swallow, cock? said the shape as it stepped out onto the step.
I had yet to get used to the term cock as a greeting. I wasnt sure if people up here knew the other meaning for that word.
The man in the doorway was young, maybe early twenties, like me. But he was taller by a few inches, maybe 6 2, and showed well-built tattooed arms in a grey tank-top. Misplaced against the image of his upper body were polished shoes and well-ironed corduroy trousers. A large belt buckle showed the outline of a snarling wolf in profile. His tattoos had a motorbike theme to them, and he suddenly looked like a Californian surfer-type turned hardcore biker. But this somewhat macho image only emphasised his baby-cute face and floppy short brown hair. 
Why else would you come to a pub, yeah? Surfer-dude waved slowly, as you might in front of someone in a trance. 
I snapped out of my own semi-trance. Yes. Yes. But it looked closed.
We were. But not to all. Maybe not to you, yeah? He pointed a finger at me as if it were a gun. Youre locked in a room with a lawyer, a paedophile, and a nigger. Youve a gun with just two bullets - what do you do?
Thing with jokes like this is, when a black man is included and called a nigger, obviously its going to be some stupid unreal answer to make people laugh, and black people are often a butt of jokes. So straight away I knew what this guy expected of me, and it wasnt a moral answer to a legitimate question. So:
Shoot the nigger twice.
The guy slapped the back of his hand into his palm, nodding at my answer, obviously pleased with it. But I wasnt. Even then, I wondered why Id even answered. Soon as this weird and maybe dangerous guy had said the word nigger, I should have turned tail and excused myself.
We swapped names and shook hands 
In you come, cock. Lets get you a beverage, yeah?
I stepped past him, into the pub.



"MASHED EGGS AND SOME BREAD AND BUTTER"
The bar area was square with the bar itself a smaller square in the middle. It had one till, facing the entrance. Each side catered to something different. Drinks were sold from the till-side; clockwise the bar featured snacks, then tobacco products, then memorabilia for tourists. But this memorabilia was not based on the national park and its heritage: it seemed instead to glorify motorbikes, just like the young guys arms. I figured right then that the guy wasnt just hired help. If he didnt own this place, then his dad did.
The rest of the dcor, however, was basic and boring. Yellow walls, probably to hide the inevitable stains caused by tobacco smoke. Pitted round wooden tables. A dull red carpet worn thin. In one corner was a squared section that was smooth wood, maybe a dance floor. There was certainly a long desk-like setup that could have been used as a DJs station. But currently there was a pool table in that area, covered by a cloth and pushed against the wall, obviously not in use either. None of this suggested that the Dark Cave was a thriving social outlet. Way out here in the middle of nowhere, how could it?
There were areas on the floor that were tiled, not carpeted. These were like lines of demarcation, as if they showed where walls had once stood when this was a typical house with a number of rooms on this floor. I guessed that the wooden-floored section had once been a kitchen. If my guess was right, then I was looking at one large room that had once been four smaller ones. 
There was an area in front of the large front window, near a roaring fireplace, where four tables had been pulled into the centre to create one large table with a hole in the centre (because the tables were round). Three people sat here, while an empty chair, a bottle of vodka, and an open laptop computer suggested the barman had been seated there, too. They had been sat chatting when, somehow, they had been alerted to my presence coming up the garden path. Perhaps a surveillance camera. Maybe remote viewing. Maybe a lucky guess.
The three other people didnt even look at me as I came in, as if the place was thriving and I was just another guy coming in for a drink. They probably didnt care. Maybe the barman was known for inviting all sorts of characters into his pub and his friends no longer got intrigued by it. Maybe I was so nondescript that they didnt think anything I said, did, had already done, owned, believed in or wanted could be of any interest at all to them. Who knew, eh?
Take my seat, yeah? the barman said. Whats your swallow? He moved behind the bar and waited, like a good barman.
I pointed. Gin.
Instead of getting a glass, the barman brought me a full bottle of gin, unopened. There was no label and the top was taped in place, and I immediately thought this was something the barman had brewed himself - illegally. There was a ball inside, something that looked a little like a marble, or a fruity gobstopper. When it rolled or otherwise moved inside the bottle, it released a flurry of bubbles. I should have then, but didn't - didn't wonder what this marble-thing was. I just took the bottle, swallowed a big gulp of Dutch courage, briefly thought about the forkers form thumping away between my girls legs, then turned and went to the table(s). I sat. The others didnt look up. I looked at them, one at a time. I put my bottle down with a crack. They each had similar marble-bearing bottles from the barman's own illegal stash.
I looked up and saw that while the two people to his left were studying their notepads, the man immediately to my left was staring at me. 
The guy staring at me introduced himself, and afterwards added a nod of the head. The Nod is a sign of greeting that's one step short of some utterance like "alright, mate?" The others werent even acknowledging me, but this guy now seemed very interested. He smoked a pipe without the use of his hands, and spoke around it so it danced in his mouth like a conductors stick.
He was fat, early forties. He wore bleached white jeans and a sleeveless bomber jacket over a dirty white T-shirt. There was a home-made choker around his neck and a similar piece of cloth around his head to keep his prematurely greying hair back. Shockingly, he wore a small fire-axe strapped to his back upside down, so he could grab it over his shoulder, much as Robin Hood might pluck an arrow from his quiver.
Axe-wielder jerked a thumb to his left, at the older man sitting beside him. This is . . . well, we just call him names about his teeth. Say hi, gnasher. 
Teeth-bloke grinned, and that was when I understood. The mans teeth were bright white and perfect, but they were obviously false. Instead of a row of individual gnashers, he wore two smooth semi-circular pieces of bone (I think it was bone) with vertical black lines drawn on to give the impression of separate teeth, which didnt work. From a distance, maybe the illusion worked. Not from just across this table, though.
He was about seventy years old, slim, and wore bikers clothing, just like Axe-wielder and the girl on his left. I shook his hand; it was smooth, soft, and I knew from its feel that this guy had had an easy life. He wore a tattered baseball cap; out the sides sprouted no hair, so the guy was completely bald.
The girl was young, maybe my age. She wore a tight, pink and sleeveless T-shirt that said psiren on it in glittering black. Her fashionably feral hair was pink, and so was the make-up plastered area around her eyes and cheeks. She wore red-pink low-rider jeans whose crotch rode high into her. . . pink. The result was pink overload, but I found her instantly attractive - and yet her captivating image somehow made assessing her face impossible: I couldnt decide if she was pretty or not. She had the ambiguous face of some princess in a dark Manga flick, and a rough-riding tomboy image, almost sexless, that together gave her an air of cartoon-like unreality. Not a babe you would rely on, or trust. Just fuck, maybe. And then I thought: nymph, a psiren was a nymph. Maybe that was a hint on her part. I envisioned a just revenge against my girl, then quickly dismissed it.
She shook my hand, just as Axe-wielder had, and told me her name, just like Axe-wielder had. She saw me glimpse at her chest again and tapped her breasts so the word Psiren wobbled. I blushed then, I know I did.
So what are you guys doing? I said, trying not to sound as embarrassed as I really was.
You police? said Teeth-bloke. He lit up the worlds thickest cigar. Smoke rose to the high ceiling.
Dont be nosey, or silly, the barman - who I now thought of as Surfer-dude - said as he came over with another chair and table, carrying them so effortlessly they might have been hollow shells filled with helium. Everybody shuffled and shifted so the fifth table could be slotted into the pattern. He sat on my left, between Axe-wielder and me. I glanced briefly at the laptop. Some drawn city map was displayed on the screen.
Teeth-bloke picked up something that had been lying on the table. It was a ten-sided die. I saw the word WEATHER on it just before Teeth-bloke dropped it on the table. I understood that this was some tool used for determining the subject of a conversation. The word facing up from the die was POLITICS.
You vote in the last election? You vote Labour? Teeth-bloke said immediately, glaring at me, as you might glare at someone that you know has wronged you. I gulped. 
No, I said. I never bother.
Teeth-bloke shook his head. Dont you care who runs your country?
I just dont think my vote would count for much. If someone came to me and said the count was a draw, and my vote would swing it, then yes, Id vote. But otherwise its a waste of time, I think, when the winners always have a big margin.
Surfer-dude settled himself in his chair, repositioned his laptop to see it better. Yeah, well, what if everyone thought that way? No one would vote.
But you would have voted Labour, right? Teeth-bloke again, not letting up.
If it isnt broken, dont fix it. I believed in this theory. If the country didnt slip into the gutter or start bullying tiny nations, then I saw no reason to sweep out one government and insert another.
I sometimes think it would be cool, Axe-wielder said, if this country was a bit more dirty and violent and more like some third world country.
You would, Nymph-girl said.
What do you mean? I asked, and immediately regretted it. I didnt want to engage such a hulk as this axe-wielding man in a talk about how he would prefer more violence in our little country.
He stroked his beard, clearly thinking. All this drag-on mush with elections and shit. Wouldnt it kinda be cool if every few years you turned on the news and found thered been a coup?
Youre a twat," Nymph-girl said, shaking her head. She seemed to know where he was going with this, as if it were something theyd discussed before. Teeth-blokes ten-sided die did look pretty worn, as if from overuse. I imagined long nights in this bar, drinking gin, planning Hells Angels riots against gay marches, and tossing dice.
Imagine it," Axe-wielder continued. A newsflash cuts into the soap operas. Instead of Labour winning by vote, they just got a band of mercenaries, promised them some shit once they was in power, and kicked the conservatives out. All their heads on a stick outside number ten. Imagine it all. The Prime Minister and cohorts in front of cameras, not in suits but in military garb, brandishing machine guns, screaming about reform. The entire Conservative Party hanging by the neck from trees in a park.
Were more civilised than that," Surfer-dude retorted.
Axe-wielder shrugged. Pen is mightier than the sword.
They all considered this. While they did, I drank.
"Hey," Axe-wielder said. "You didn't ask him if had mental problems."
Surfer-dude shrugged. Obviously the question was directed at him. "You fantasise about unknotting old women's intestines, or you taking anti-depressants?"
That pair of questions was directed at me. I waited for a punchline. The wonder was painted all over my face. It made Surfer-dude laugh. "There," he said to Axe-wielder. "I know people."
Teeth-bloke tossed the die. I saw: HISTORY. He seemed to sneer as if this subject displeased him. He picked up the die again.
So what brings you here, to our little village?" Axe-wielder asked. For some reason, I looked at the woman calling herself a nymph - maybe because she was female, and a female had brought me here.
I saw them arrive, Surfer-dude said. Then he spoke to me: You and a girl, in a car. Then I saw that car leave without you. Now youre here alone, drinking my gin in front of four bikers.
 I jerked. How had the obvious passed me by? They all had biker tattoos, they wore the gear. Even the dainty Nymph-girl seemed to fit the image, albeit leaning more towards groupie than hardcore biker. I became aware just then of a common denominator: all four wore a sewn-on badge with an embroidered picture of a forked road and an eagles head in the crook. Above the picture, curving around the inside of the circular badge, was written: THE SHEPHERDS.
You all live here? I asked. I couldnt think of anything else to say. I was a bit scared now. How many times in places across the world had young men entered premises and never returned alive? I could almost see right through the hulking monster named Axe-wielder; could almost see his axe, with which he could axe-all. I picked up my gin bottle by its neck, held it down by my side, out of sight under the table, figuring I could smash it against Axe-wielders head in a second if anything kicked off here.
The Surfer-dude closed his laptop. Me and him -  he nodded at Axe-wielder, then jabbed a digit at Teeth-bloke - he moved here a few weeks ago, lives local. She travels in. If you saw the camper van parked out by the park, thats her home. This is our meet night. I guess you figured we call ourselves The Shepherds?
The bottle would smash open against Axe-wielders head and spray glass and gin across the Surfer-dude, the other formidable opponent here. He would be distracted long enough for me to take him down with a few headshots.
I invented that name," Teeth-bloke said somewhat triumphantly. I had a band of brothers in the seventies, but they were just idiots, man. These guys here are the new blood, the new hope.
Shocked at seeing two of his people go down, Teeth-bloke would freeze up, allowing me to escape from the table.
We may have room for one more, Nymph-girl said. She never took her eyes off me.
And the girl would likely not try to tackle a man whod just put down two others in three seconds. I would turn and flee, out the door, across the road, out of the village. No chasing cars would find me in the dark as I scaled a crumbling stone wall and took off across a field. Id find the next road, flag a car, call the police, send them here and tomorrow read about the arrest of a freaky splinter group of bikers calling themselves The Shepherds.
Want a suckerball?  Teeth-bloke said, brandishing a small bag of sweets. He was sucking on one himself. I guessed sugar had cost him his teeth. Everyone one of them, and every molecule. I thought if I popped one of those things in my mouth, my teeth would abandon ship instantly and patter on my shoes.
I let out a laugh just then. How paranoid I was being! I drank more gin. I asked them what they were doing here all alone. I even took one of Teeth-bloke's golf-ball-sized sweets, but put it into my pocket instead of my mouth. I'd throw it away later.
You gay?" Axe-wielder said. I pictured his axe again, once more nervous. I replied that I was not. Hadnt he remembered what Surfer-dude had said about seeing me arrive with a girl? Can you pass as gay? Pretty boy like you. You and the girl here, Moses and his Missus. Moses and Missus. He laughed, obviously liking the sound of his own voice.
Surfer-dude: The chaps been in the door five minutes, dude. Give him a second to take all this in before designating jobs. Maybe he has his own problems, yeah? He was looking at me. I nodded.
Nymph-girl patted my hand. Never fear, we are here. Whats your ailment, honey? That girl of yours? She cheat on you? I see anger and hurt in your face. Only someone cheated on by a sweetheart can mix those two emotions at the same time in a single pair of eyes. I know.
My head was throbbing. It was hot. The gin might as well have been helium, filling my head and trying to lift me off my chair.
She fucked my friend, I said, and everyone here gave an Oooohh.
And you just found out, right, babe?" Nymph-girl said. She patted my hand again. Hers felt warm and soft. I looked away so I didnt fall for her. The gin was making me feel funny. I suspected it might have been spiked. Or maybe alcohol and my current state of mind were not two elements that mixed successfully.
My eyes fell to the ring, the ring I had planned to glue my girl and me together with. Nymph-girl was still holding my hand, and tracing the edge of the ring with her finger.
"You don't want to give her this now, do you? I recognised it as a gift from a man to a woman." I kept looking, somewhat transfixed. The gin I'd drunk was still burning my mouth. My tongue seemed almost to spark with taste, as if I'd drunk something carbonated rather than still.
"It was in a little black box," I said, unable to think of anything else. Perhaps silence would have been less embarrassing.
"Well, that's not how you give a gift of a ring," Nymph-girl cooed. She put her right hand against my left, fingers touching and outstretched like mine, so it might almost seem as if she were my freaky reflection in a mirror I was touching. Then she easily slid off the ring, along my finger and over hers, with the smoothness of a train passing from one pair of rails to the next. In a moment, she was wearing a piece of jewellery meant for my soul mate. And I wasn't moved by this in any way, good or bad.
Nymph-girl sensed this. She glared at me. "She must have hurt you deep."
Axe-wielder stuck his arm over his head, just like Robin Hood going for an arrow. He returned it with his axe firmly in his fist. He stroked the head, and I saw the blade was so blunt it was flat and a full half-centimetre thick. And you want her dead, right? You want us shepherds to wipe her out? Yook-she-hal-lom.
Nymph-girl reached past Teeth-bloke and smacked Axe-wielders thick chest, hard. Dont talk like that, twat. Apologise. She had used the hand wearing my ring, and now that hand fell down by her side all innocently, as if it had never been away on a burglary mission. I didn't know what to do about it!
Instantly, but without emotion, Axe-wielder said to me, Sorry for the insult. Then he focussed on Nymph-girl. Anyway, thats not the side I play. Man shouldnt get bloody help to do in his girl. Man shouldnt really do girls in at all.
Aaawww, sweet," Nymph-girl said with fake concern. You cheesy sod. You sexist sod. Okay for you to batter people senseless with that silly axe, though? You ever attack a woman with it?
Only in self-defence. He looked at me. Only in self-defence. Man shouldnt do in his own woman.
Just someone elses, then? She waited for an answer; Axe-wielder just shrugged. Well, his girl is someone elses. His. Hes someone else. So we could do it? She glared at him. It seemed to me to be a tense confrontation, but I also suspected these guys fought like this all the time and that there was no problem or danger here.
Axe-wielder shrugged. Nymph-girl slapped his chest again. He shrugged again. Her hand came up, ready, threatening, warning. They grinned at each other. My assessment that there was no problem here was confirmed with that exchange of smiles.
Not our place to get involved," Surfer-dude said. "But every case needs to be heard, and as always we vote - for fairness against arbitration. A pause. For action against this individuals girl for emotional damage.
Emotional damage, I like that," Teeth-bloke said with a giggle. He stuck his hand in the air. Nymph-girl did the same. I sat there, numb, hot. Axe-wielder slumped in his chair, like a kid showing his disdain. Surfer-dude didnt move, except to point at Nymph-girl. She tensed, as if suddenly put on the spot by a teacher asking a question. She spoke:
Woman is mans property. Man builds this world for woman, therefore woman is his servant. Woman who steps out of line must accept punishment. This from a woman!
Surfer-dude turned his finger upon Axe-wielder. The big guy shrugged and said, Men are stronger, the stronger sex, in all ways. Man should be able to talk or bribe sense into his woman. A lesson should be dished out if they wrong him, sure. But women are little works of art that shouldnt be destroyed. This was like some freaked-out job interview.
Oh, and what about the ones thatll be on the bridge?" Nymph-girl snapped. 
Anonymous, faceless. Dont count.
Stop this, you two," Surfer-dude cut in. He pointed at Teeth-bloke, who sat up straight to deliver his line.
Power. Dog eat dog world, this green planet. You fuck up, you expect consequences. Simple as that. Cheatings a crime and she should pay the price.
Surfer-dude pointed at himself. I dont think cheatings such a crime. Mines a negative vote. Two-two. Draw. He looked at me, and he actually looked sorry. Like a doctor about to impart bad news to an unsuspecting cancer patient. Sorry, we cant kill your girlfriend for you. It doesnt fit with The Shepherds policy. You want a sandwich?
I was stunned. In little over a minute, this band of strangers had heard my problem, offered to fix it, then apologised because - this only just decided, mind you - they were actually not allowed to kill my girlfriend!
Surfer-dude got up. Axe-wielder patted his belly. Bet its bloody egg again. His pipe, jiggling up and down again as he spoke, waggled free of his mouth and fell into his lap. He looked down with a grunt and began clearing up tobacco from his lap.
Its always egg," Nymph-girl said. Dont you ever learn eggsre all your man eats. Protein for his two big bicep muscles.
Four," Surfer-dude said as he scuttled off towards the squared bar.
Eighty-eight percent of protein, or something like that. Some fact involving protein and eighty-eight percent. Whatever. For his bicep muscle.
Plural!" Surfer-dude hollered. Two on each arm! Biceps. Bicepsssss.
There was a hiss from the bar area as, or so it sounded, Surfer-dude opened a fridge door. He came back with a tray holding a bowl of mashed eggs and some bread and butter. For the next few minutes, we made ourselves sandwiches and discussed my girlfriend. The gin was starting to take away my inhibitions and I told them all about her. Not too much, though, because I didnt know these people and didnt know how theyd use the information. If that sounds a bit silly or weird, I dont care. It was how I felt. I kept the subject on what had happened in my life tonight. Afterwards, Nymph-girl called for another vote, but the score was a draw, just like before. No opinions had changed.
What about if we can get her on the bridge? She looked at me. Your girl pro-active for gay rights?
I didnt think so. Told them so.
Think she would attend a gay rights march?
The four of them started to talk amongst themselves. At first it began as a general voicing of ideas, but then it became an argument that got louder and louder, two people facing off against two others, until Nymph-girl stood up and waved her arms and called for silence. She got it. A nice pair of tits can do that.
Not our choice. Okay. If he wants his girl dead and dust, it is his choice. Just as we can suggest the best poison or gun to use, or a suitable building to push her off, so can we suggest others methods of death. Telling him he has only to put her on that bridge at a certain time is not wrong. It isnt criminal. It is not immoral. Anyone have a problem with that? Nitric acid is good for tossing in an enemys face. Am I to blame if someone I say that to goes out and tosses acid in someones face? Am I? Am I?
There was no answer. Nymph-girl jabbed a finger at Axe-wielder. It seemed she found it easy to intimidate that hulking monster.
No, no, no, he said somewhat sheepishly. What a sight - big guy like that, wielding an axe yet bowing before a petite girl arrayed in cosy pink.
Surfer-dude rapped knuckles against table wood. New vote. All fell silent. We show and tell. Then we let him decide all on his own what he wants to do. We give him the when and where and wash our hands of it after that. Yep? Vote. For telling?
Surfer-dude had switched his allegiance, although the subject up for vote was now different. He voted with the Nymph-girl and Teeth-bloke. Only the axe-wielder, meanest-looking of them all, didnt raise an arm. Instead, he looked bored and indifferent as he chomped on an egg sandwich.
Nymph-girl put her hand on mine again. Welcome to our world, honey.



"HERES THE ACHILLES HEEL"
Surfer-dude showed me his laptop. The city map displayed had a red line leading from the city centre townhouse in a meander around the streets and finally to a point where it ended abruptly at a star-shaped red blob, as if the line were a dribble of blood whose run had been stopped by someone squashing it with a thumb. The area where it had ended was a bridge. Next to it was the international symbol for a train station. I wondered what was going on.
Surfer-dude played with the keys. A photograph, pedestrians eye-view, replaced the map. It showed the wall of the bridge and the frontage of a small train station. He cycled through about fifteen photographs of that road, bridge and train station, photos taken from many angles. The station was small, and exterior didn't belie this: it was nought but a small building with a single low archway for an entrance/exit and a solitary automated ticket box beside it.
This is a city about thirty miles south of here. Politically of no significance. A small city, really. More like a town. Becomes a bit boisterous every second Saturday, when football fans flock here to watch their team play. The station here, it has a small exit to funnel everyone out in a thick mass. Makes everyone easier to watch. On those Saturdays, police line the streets outside. They bring horses. Sometimes, the gay rights activists come out to march to this audience.
And this is where we hit them," Teeth-bloke said. Right here in this big crowd.
Football fans? Cops? Hardcore bikers gangs were known to cause trouble in places, but stories of their exploits were rare in England - I certainly couldnt remember the last time Id heard one. In fact, I probably thought the gangs had died out over the years. 
And heres the Achilles heel," Surfer-dude said, rapping the screen with his knuckle. The laptop nearly rocked over. I looked. A saw a pair of photos taken from, it appeared, down inside the small train station. It had just two small platforms not quite far enough apart to vex an Olympic long jumper if he couldnt be bothered to use the bridge. The station terminated just before the bridge; it was this stone edifice that the photographer had concentrated on with his second shot.
Surfer-dudes finger ran around the arch of the bridge, which spanned two tracks. The quality of the photo wasnt hot, so I could barely see the crisscross of lines that the tattooed barman pointed at. I took him at his word that I was looking at a scaffolding setup designed to help strengthen the bridge in preparation for work to be carried out on it.
And this is where we hit them," Teeth-bloke said.
Whos the target? I asked, a lump in my throat. I knew I was looking at plans for a hit here. But I wasnt sure if they were after fellow bikers arriving via the station, football fans (another gang - often football gangs go to battle, so was this some turf war or something?), or even the cops.
Who isnt?" Teeth-bloke said, giggling. That man scared me, and it wasnt just his teeth.
At that point Axe-wielder got up, took his pipe and headed for a door in the wall. He vanished without a word. Teeth-bloke stood up, looking ready to follow.
Dont bother," Nymph-girl said. She came around behind Teeth-bloke and massaged his shoulders, pushing him softly back into his chair. You know where hes gone. Just leave him be. He has to set his mind right, you know that.
I know that, the old guy confirmed. Then they both became aware that I was staring at them. I felt a tap on the shoulder and turned left. Surfer-dude.
Sign our guestbook.
Hed pulled up a website, their website. It was very colourful and overrun with photos and artwork (all the artwork was signed XL, which I thought might have been Axe-wielders signature - I thought about Axe-wielders size and figured he might call himself XL. Then I remembered that axe and I didnt care about his correct name), but there wasnt much in the way of menus. I saw three links: HISTORY OF BIKER GANGS, EXTERNAL LINKS, and GUESTBOOK/MESSAGEBOARD.
Surfer-dude clicked on the guestbook/messageboard link. I saw a counter at the bottom, which read 54. Fifty-four visitors to the site, including Surfer-dude right now - and Surfer-dude and the others how many other times? Had they in fact ever had a true hit on this website from an unknown surfer?
Yes, it turned out. There were nine messages posted, and three were from names I didnt know.

Our new site is up and running. - obviously, since youre reading this! Ideas and plans welcome. The SHEPHERDS will be active in the summer, we can promise you that. So spread our word. 

That was signed by Surfer-dude.

Hi, I am the latest member of The SHEPHERDS. I am the new treasurer. Any donations, they come right to me with your ideas for what we can do to improve our site and our cause. THE SULTRESS.

Nymph-girls addition.

 here. Keep a-riding, Angels.

This from Axe-wielder.

O, what men dare do! What men may do! What men daily do, not knowing what they do!

Teeth-blokes tuppence-worth.

Nailbuster says hi to the site. Keep me interested, guys. I ride a Pitbull. Psiren, your photo is sexy. I wanna be your Pitbull. NAILBUSTER X.

hey, guys. Sites looking good. Your e-mail doesnt accept attachments. I tried. Can you tell me why? Not why I tried, I mean. Why it doesn't, I mean.

you wanna meet me, Sultressy one. The outdoorsre me home. I do railway walks and acid, and thats a trip I wanna take you on. NAILBUSTER X.

Sultress, dont bother with that guys Pitbull. I have a beast thatll whine between your legs. TURQUIOSE441.

Have Cornflakes when you wake from that dream, Turq. The Sultress. X

I moved close to the keyboard and typed: I met these guys late one night. Intriguing. I didnt want to put anything else in case I said the wrong thing; my simple sentence had enough ambiguity to be safe. And no way was I going to leave a name, even a stupid handle like Nailbusters
Can I use your toilet? I asked. I wanted away. Surfer-dude pointed at the door Axe-wielder had left through, then tilted back his hand so his finger was pointed upwards. Then he bent it left. All without taking his eyes off the laptop. Up and left, I figured he meant. "No peeing in the bath," he added. I got up.



"READING BOOKS RATHER THAN WATCHING DVDS"
The doorway had no door. Beyond, the thin, dim, carpeted hallway exposed three other doorways. The one at the far end looked like the entrance to a kitchen; the one in the left wall, about halfway down, gave upon a flight of stairs heading up; directly opposite this was the other doorway.
I moved down the hallway slowly, like Indiana Jones going down some secret, subterranean corridor in fear of booby traps. In other peoples homes, I always feel like a trespasser. 
I reached the stairs, but instead of heading left and going up, I turned to the other doorway and gazed inside. I now think it was because I could smell the outside world, and I wanted it.
The room beyond appeared to be a small living room. It looked simple and quaint enough, typical of a million such places in the country. No modern equipment, though. Leisure seemed a case of reading books rather than watching DVDS. In the far wall of this room was another door, and it was open. I couldnt see anything but darkness beyond, but I could hear a low purr, as if from a lion lying content in the sun after a gazelle buffet.
I approached the doorway.
A small garden lay beyond, intimidated by high walls of chipped, crumbling brick. Someone had tried to paint the walls green in years past, but most of the paint had flaked off in great chunks, leaving just a few pieces, some big and some small, clinging on for life. A paved path cut down one side of the garden; the rest of the area was overgrown grass.
There was a shed near the bottom, and in the back wall an iron gate that probably let you out into the world. Down there, illuminated by the pale light from the sheds single bulb, was Axe-wielder, smoking a pipe and sitting astride the thing that was the cause of the purring noise Id been drawn by. It filled the path like a roadblock.
It was a Honda Goldwing. A mammoth bike, with two seats, and a big stock windshield. It even had a Harrigan trailer, in matching green, that looked like a tiny windowless car missing a front set of wheels. Or was it a fat bubble of snot snorted out the bikes exhaust pipe? Engine size: 1800cc. A bike so big it had a reverse gear. This thing could probably bat aside most cars on the road like toys.
Axe-wielder saw me looking at his bike. He patted it. A ring on his finger struck metal with a hollow thunk that the eerie darkness turned into a belch of thunder from a distant storm. It made me realize just how quiet the bike was purring now. Nothing but a heartbeat, like a hunting creature.
Yep, this is my darling. If I had to choose a way to go, it would be with her. Bet you thought that way about your girl a few hours ago. Guess maybe you werent supposed to be with her. Wasnt meant to be, lad.
I just kept looking at the bike.
Axe-wielder snorted somewhat derisively. It was as if hed seen naivety in me and didnt like it. I had a girlfriend once," Axe-wielder said, waving me closer. I went closer but still kept my distance. This guy was a Hells Angel, hed been drinking, and he carried an axe strapped to his back. He laughed suddenly. Once. He he. Makes it sound like Ive only ever had the one. Nay, had my share of the lasses. Just dont go in for the relationship lark, thats all. As he drew on his pipe, I just nodded. Let him talk, I figured.
Bunch of years ago now. I was twenty-five and new on the biking scene. Whered you meet yours? Sometimes the location of the first meet decides whether it will last or not. You know, I shagged this bird once and - whoa, he he. That makes it sound like I only shagged her once. Take that with the first one I said and that means Ive only ever had sex once. Noooo. No, I was shagging her in bed, me on top. So lazy, just the hips moving, you know? When you want sex for sexs sake, like maybe because you dont know if itll be the last one ever or not. Car crashes come right out the blue, and all that, and you might end up lying paralysed in a bed and thinking you shoulda had that last shag. And I looked at the digital clock, and it said 11.58. - it was morning, a morning shag, which I dont really like too much. Need a swallow first.
Anyway, I decided to try to shoot my load in this bird before the clock struck twelve. So I was pumping away. Clock hit 11.59 and I sped up. She was moaning like some bomb survivor. Anyway, clock turned, I didnt shoot my load, and all of a sudden my energy was gone. I went limp. Actually bullshitted her by saying it was the missing Dutch courage, the lack of beer, sort of reverse brewers droop. It was as if mission failure had occurred. So what point was there to carrying on shagging? For pleasure? No, too much effort, too many muscles. A spliff in front of the TV is so better and so easier.
Shit, I went off on one there. Wild tangent. Wow. Purpose, thats my point. Everything should be done for a purpose. Everything of merit we do, its done for a purpose. I dumped that girl because we met in the post office, and thats just not the stuff of fairytales. A post office. He grinned at me, like a man about to play a trick, or chalk a win. Or send a school of paranoia fish through my head. 
It was in a record shop, I said despite my fears. Sounds like something out of a romantic film, I know. We both wanted the same CD and it was the last copy. I got there first, but as I was reading the cover, I sensed her standing behind me. We got talking about it. She said if I let her have it, shed drive me home in her car and play it on the CD player for me. So we did and we got chatting.
"When did you first fuck her?
Unnerved, I laughed. It was involuntary. But Axe-wielder took no offence. In fact, he grinned.
Yeah, blunt, arent I? He he. Guys, they chase women like dogs chase balls. Women dont, really, they just kinda let things come to them, let men happen to them. Thats why they dont rush the sex. To them, its that same ball, but they dont need to chase it. Its rolling towards them, slowly, and all they have to do is wait.
Here Axe-wielder dropped his pipe and had to bend to find it. As he bent, I was partly relieved and party disconcerted. He had given me time to think, but he had also shown me that axe. It lay there on his back, almost itching to smash someones skull. I wondered how age might have mellowed this once brash man. Then I wondered if instead it was in his later years that hed become an axe-wielding, biker gang member.
He sat upright with a grunt. He spat on his pipe, cleaned the end on his bomber jacket, and stuck it back in his mouth.
What was I saying? Yeah, men. They chase women, and when they get that ball, theyve proved they can. Catching the ball after that becomes all about fun. But that first time, its more about the chase and the mission. The ego. You follow me?
In the darkness, I clearly saw his eyes fixed on me. I didnt know how to answer. I just waited.
Your girls lost to you, just as she was in that shop with that CD, before you hit it off with her. Youda got a slapped face if youd grabbed her ass right there in the shop. No problem later, though. Follow me? Lost to you again, so what you have in your mind is not rage or whatever about the cheating, sod that. Its fear of the chase again. The adrenaline rush has turned to a fear rush because now the target is harder. Fear and anger go hand in hand, sometimes. Sometimes its hard to tell the difference between them. Sometimes, though, both feel good.
He paused. He seemed to think as he stared into his pipe, prodding the tobacco with his finger. 
Those two in there, theyre not as philosophical as me. Too quick off the mark. Dont even know this girl of yours, or you, and already theyre telling you to kill her. Thats not your purpose, I bet. Or I could be wrong. How do I know? Its down to you, I guess. What do you want to do? I think you should look at it this way If you plan to be with her again sometime in the future, how will that work if shes dead? Why toss away a broken TV when you can store it and hope it will be fixed one day? Why?
Now there was an uncomfortable pause. I looked at the moon, bathed in sunlight but half-obscured by the Earths shadow. I wondered who had invented the name Earth. It sounded a bit lame, like having a brand of car called Car. Same with Space. Couldnt anyone be bothered to name it? Even seas and mountain ranges had names, real names.
He spoke again. "The wrongs in this world need to be fixed by people who have the ability. Sometimes, you have to do what's not right to make all right in the end. But it's got to be the right action. You'll know that feeling. It maybe feels like dj vu and telepathy and that feeling you get that someone's watching you - all those feelings rolled into one and molded and kneaded a bit. You put a knife in your hand and stand over your girl, and that feeling will either come or it won't. If it doesn't come and all you feel is normal shit as you prepare to strike - as normal as a guy feels when he's about to kill someone - then I guess that ain't the right thing to do. But a guy doesn't just threaten a woman with a knife, change his mind and go back to how things were. So my advice to you is this, if you don't already have that feeling I'm talking about - a feeling I have right now, and always have had since my own realization - well, if you don't have it, then you'd better do some serious research and find out for sure what your plan of action is. Or else."
Axe-wielder stroked his bike's gas tank, like a man remembering fond times.
"Mass-death will end this planet," he said quickly, as if continuing the subject, although this seemed to me like a whole new one. "We had Russians to worry about first. Now it's terrorists. This all plays on my mind, sometimes. I just don't know my place in the great scheme of things, sometimes. Need to get a purpose in life, see." He paused. "You know, I sometimes think of the world after another world war, with me as a sole survivor. The thought of a lonely existence in the post-war world, being able to do as I wished, where I wished, thrills me. I imagine that Id take my bike and drive to some vast royal palace, clear out all the dead bodies and the debris, and set myself up home. Id go to some home improvement store in a big truck and get the very best furniture for my vast back yard. Id learn to fly, first in a little thing, then working up to one of those big planes that the military uses to transport tanks and Jeeps, so I could fly to Japan and load it up with the best new technology around. Id visit all the nice and nasty places of the world, and set up cameras to record it all so I could watch live from home, see if there were any earthquakes or other survivors. Id go to AREA 51 and see what all the fuss was about, see if its really aliens theyre working with down there. Id check out Auschwitz and 10 Downing Street  that tiny-looking house, it's like Dr. Who's Tardis, eh? Bigger inside, a freak of physics. And Id wreck things, just for the fascinating spectacle. Id line bombs all around the base of the Sears Tower, just to watch it fall. Id race two heavy locomotives towards each other. Id bust a dam. Id watch an aircraft carrier sink to the bottom of the Mariana Trench. Id do a parachute jump, and watch as the plane plummeted into a London suburb. And Id visit the houses of all the famous people I like, all those film stars I want to fuck, and Id keep their heads, maybe on a shelf."
I didn't know how to react. I just nodded. 
You believe in Fate? he replied immediately. "Not destiny, that's some crap about achieving greatness, about the struggle for it. I mean Fate, which is your end, the end of the line for a man. Knowing that end isn't as scary as you might think. See it ten years from now, you got yourself a charmed life for the next ten years, because nothing upsets the celestial applecart - that's one of the Psiren's words of wisdom, that saying."
I looked at him. This was not one of those questions you answered heartily when the asker was a guy like Axe-wielder. Instead, you waited until you knew his position on the subject, so you could shape your answer correctly, safely. You didnt just say your bit and hope that, if he disagreed, then he was the kind to do so with gallantry. Because he might prefer to disembowel you instead. Especially if he carried a blunt axe strapped to his back. So, the question: did I believe in fate?
How do you mean? I finally said, after deciding that pure silence could be as bad a response as the wrong response. Plus, the truth was, I just didn't fucking know. Who can possibly know what's true and what's not out of all the equations and theories and bullshit that geniuses and lunatics have dreamed up since the dawn of man? I only found out a few weeks back that rainbows are actually circular 
That feeling I was talking about," Axe-wielder answered. "Everyone on this earth has a purpose. I do. You do. Every little bit of your body - heart, prostate, organelles, everything - has a purpose, a job. Like workers in a factory, all pulling together to make that factory run. Or your body. So what would be the point if you didnt have a Fate? Imagine a factory where the workers didnt produce anything at the end of it all...
I could just about keep up with him. Just about.
Its all about knowing your Fate, though. Most people never learn it, so they flit and drift, having fun, paying bills, that shit. To most, life is a doctors waiting room. You read the posters on the walls, you turn your mobile onto silent, pretending youve turned it off as the signs say. Because we dont read about people dying in hospitals because some guy somewhere in the building was getting text messages off his bird telling him to get some more milk, and his phone messed with the machinery. You do these things, and you think youre living life and that this event or that event is all just part of that life, but all youre really doing is killing time until the important bit comes along. The stuff after you die. The next phase. Right now, or when you last paid your council tax, last shagged your bird, last got a promotion that was all just waiting room fidgeting and killing time. Dr. God will see you now, Mr Sorry, whats your surname?
Yeah, and heres my address and a photo of my cat, too. I tried to think of a way to avoid answering that question, all the time fully aware of the axe strapped to the mans back.
"Best of all, though," he continued, "if a man realizes his Fate early enough, he can plan ahead and improvise and make sure he goes out on his own terms. Ain't impossible for some paedophile beaten to death in a public toilet to twist his logic and justify his murder - it gets a wild animal put in jail, and a child molester off the streets, and a word of warning out to others who might try things with kids, you know?" 
Do you have a Fate? I said quickly, hoping hed bite, and he did.
I have that Fate-feeling-thing in every inch of my body. I knew my Fate when I agreed to the mission. I said yes, and I knew it was the end of the line for me. But hell, life shouldnt be taken too much to heart, because we dont survive it. I knew it was game over, but that was okay. Because Id felt it. Felt it inside me. Like something gave way in my chest. But I also felt elated, like a lottery winner or something. I knew I was going on to better things. It is to be my reward for my loyalty. Maybe Hitler's demoted to a mouse now or a spider, and he deserved that for blowing his chance as a man. Not me. I'm going ever up that ladder, and who knows what's next after homo sapiens sapiens, eh?
What do you mean? Out here in the dark, in this strange village with this strange man and his mammoth bike, I had that dream feeling again. But if I was dreaming, then this time I wanted to wake up back home, before wed begun on this trip; this time Id tell her blunt, straight out that we were not going anywhere near the Peak District or that village, and certainly not near an axe-wielder on a bike or near a train station and a gay pride march in -
I felt my brain reach out for a moment. A kind of lurch, as if it had extended a mental hand and grabbed hold of something. But before I knew what it was - a picture, a truth, a theory - it was gone and the mental fingers retreated back into my head with a snap of my eyelids, like a pair of windows closing.
You got a toilet? I croaked, remembering the reason Id come anywhere near this yard in the first place.
Axe-wielder nodded. He pointed back inside, the way Id come, then up. Just as Surfer-dude had. Dont piss on it, he said as I headed for the door. Dont want the guys with magnifying glasses thinking I peed my pants at the end. Thats no way to go get your Fate.



"MY EX-GIRL'S BODY BUFFER EXFOLIATING LIQUID"
I headed up the creaky stairs, turned left at the landing and entered the only room based in that direction. When I pulled the cord for the light, the bulb winked on and off with a bright pop. I reckon lightbulbs hate dying alone. They wait for someone to try using them  then they go out in a blaze of glory, showing their death spectacularly and memorably. The dark faded quickly as my eyes made do with the meager moonlight coming in the bathroom window. Everything had a monotone look to it.
The bathroom was tiny and the wallpaper looked old enough to hail from Jehovahs Proterozoic Period of artistic creativity. I wondered if it might have turned to ash under the trace heat from the lightbulb, had the bloody bulb not gone into hari-kari mode with me as its sole audience. The toilet sat behind the bath, facing it, looking almost like the little trailer behind Axe-wielders Goldwing. Except these were in matching grimy peeling white. The toilet seat was missing. I splashed piss on the cistern, since my aim was off because the gin was starting messing me up. Right then I realized I needed a dump (nerves boosting me prematurely into the home straight, I suppose). I threw down my trousers, swiveled, sat, and almost as if the sudden check of my downward momentum threw feces down my rectum, I opened up for a thick sausage to exit. I put my hands out in front of me, resting them on the edge of the bath. My eyes roamed over the trash littering the floor - everything from empty biscuit wrappers to used tins of paint stuck to the floor by paint that had dribbled down the sides. People had attics tidier than this place. And bins. This toilet really was a toilet. 
I noticed something peculiar. The bath was a quarter-full, but not with water. Instead, it contained a thick, gloopy liquid or jelly, pretty clear, or at least translucent, but with little pellets or things in it. It reminded me of my ex girls Body Buffer Exfoliating Liquid, which was a body shampoo with little apricot stone extracts in it, for conditioning and smoothing the skin to leave it healthy looking and invigorated, with a PH balance that was suitable for all skin types, and if you returned it to the shop where it was purchased, this didnt affect your statutory rights. This was that shit on a grand scale, as if the Jolly Green Giant lived here and had recently become vain about his blackheads. There was the bottom half of a two-piece pool cue sticking out of it, and lying on the floor were a pair of thick gloves and a welders mask. The smell came to me as I stood staring. It wasnt the bloody aroma of apricot, that was for sure. What the fuck was this stuff? You couldnt bathe in this!
Just then there was a knock on the door. Teeth-blokes voice asked how long Id be.
Just a minute, I said, feeling like some trespasser. I felt nervous, eager to please. If hed asked me how long my link of shit was, I think I might have bent over the toilet to measure it.
How you gonna kill her, then?
I froze. There was a plop as a piece of shit dropped into the water. I wondered if Teeth-bloke had heard it.
He knocked again. You fell in? He cackled like a man trying to laugh around toothpaste without spitting any out - probably trying not to dislodge his gnashers, actually.
Im okay, I said pathetically.
Hey, you know, we can do this a quicker way, if you want. He waited, perhaps for an answer. I took a wad of bog roll and stuffed it between my legs, down into the water so it would catch and kill the splash of the next link of shit that was oozing out of my arse.
He knocked again. Your girl, I mean. If you want her dead. That idea to bring her to the gay march, kill her along with those faggots and stuff - you like that idea? When next he spoke, his voice was a bit strained, concerned. Hey, you aint pissing on it, are you?
I didnt like the idea. But I said I wasnt sure. When was the march?
Bout two weeks from now. Thats the thing. Two weeks. You want her walking round, breathing air some priest could suck down instead, for two weeks? Want her foul carbon dioxide going into peoples faces for the next two weeks? Shitting into our water system for two more weeks? Blah! No. I can help. How much money have you got?
Not much, I said before I could think.
We can set up a bank standing order or something, if youre short. See, with me you dont have to wait two weeks. I can kill her for you tomorrow, perhaps. What do you say? Ten grand, and shes dead this time tomorrow. I'll carve shit on her, if you want. What do you say?
I didnt know what to say. Was this really happening? I wanted to wake up. I wanted to open my eyes and see the motorway rolling under me at eighty miles per hour. My girls hand on my shoulder, shaking me; her voice, soft and mesmerizing with its slight but sexy lisp, saying, Babe, wake up, were nearly there. And I would say, Where? Nearly where? And she would say, At the cottage, dopey, because DOPEY was an insult you could throw at anyone and get away with, because it wasnt really an insult at all, it was one of those cushioned words used to describe someone whod done something ever so slightly-whitely silly-willy. And then Id remember all of it after that, and Id trip into despair and begin wailing like a child, moaning about the tape, the dreaded tape that was going to cut my heart in half, and she would say there was no tape, what was I talking about, and shed kiss me, and even though her eyes were off the road, we wouldnt crash, because people only crashed in worlds where looking away from the road was dangerous, and in this world of dreams such an action was not dangerous, only silly-willy, or DOPEY, and wed drive on over the last few miles as if guided by angels, our lips locked; and theyd remain locked all night as we made love, and I would not end up in a pub toilet with some weird toothless bloke banging on the door -
Bang bang!
Hey, what do you say?
A flash of annoyance, like a sneaky cold wind that zips into your shirt, trickled down my back, perking my adrenaline up just enough to force Go away and Ill think about it out of my throat. I tensed, awaiting shouts, harder banging, threats, violence.
Hey. The guy with the axeyou dontyou dont like him, do you? Like him that way, I mean? A pause. Movement outside, as if Teeth-bloke were fidgeting, moving from one foot to the other. Nervous. Cos wereme and himwewell, I would like to The last word was barely audible.
I heard the stairs creak as Teeth-bloke went down, away. I unleashed a big, loud fart-shit that sank the wad of paper and splashed my balls with water, but I didnt give a hoot. I had stood my ground, and I hadnt been hurt. Confrontational successes like this could toughen a man. Or was it the gin kicking my ego up another gear?
I shook myself. That was when I remembered the ring. I wasn't wearing it; it was still downstairs on some other girl's finger, and no way was I going to go back down there, into that room, and ask for it back. Anyway, I didn't need it now, did I? 
I stood, finished. As I was buttoning up, I glanced down at the bath again. Hey, you aint pissing on it, are you? I heard Teeth-bloke say again, this time in my head. I remembered that Axe-wielder had uttered some similar piece of cryptic crap, which wasnt so cryptic now.
 Pissing on it. My brain was like a spider spinning webs to bridge a gap. I felt the numbers and the pieces coming together, like in one of those fast-forward videos of people building a film set, the kind of thing featured in DVD extras. And as my brain weaved and built in fast-forward, I saw the picture knit into view, felt the knowledge coming to me, expanding inside my head.
I realised with horror that the gloop in the bath was some kind of explosive material. At first I thought it might be something like napalm, which is a jellied fuel the Americans still use despite the fact that's it's banned all over the shop. (Didn't the Americans also drop the only nuclear bomb on an enemy - twice, no less?) Napalm sticks to the skin, burning through; it also sucks oxygen out of the lungs. Nasty shit. I really thought these lunatics had created some napalm (I later learned that polystyrene soaked in petrol also becomes a jellied substance that sticks and burns). 
Dont agitate it, itll go up," Teeth-bloke said from right outside the door, his voice full of concern. He hadn't gone at all. Had he tried to make me think he had? But then I heard his footsteps heading down the stairs for real, and I wondered if he was fleeing. I stared at the volatile gloop as you might glare at a dangerous wild dog: with extreme caution. 
I know now that the stuff in the bath was potassium chlorate that had been mixed with petroleum jelly. No need for wires or booster charges or anything complex with this stuff. A small shockwave would set it off, maybe even a hard blow from the pool cue. My informer said the best thing about this stuff, when mixed exactly this way, was that you could share it out; you could pack it into just about anything, since it was a jelly. For fun you could paste a little bit onto the underside of a toilet seat and gently lay it back down and wait for someone to come and sit down on it - scare the shit out of them, he he. You could fill your pockets, put it in your hair like moulding wax, smear it all over your trousers if you wanted. The petroleum jelly would lock in the smell of the potassium chlorate, and no one would know you were loaded with death. In this era of backpack-wearing suicide bombers, you could step on a plane and not turn heads. You could coat the bottom of your sock with this shit, and when the time was right, stamp down hard to set it off. The whole lot would go up, and a Boeing fireball would hiss and roar into the sea, or someones house. Youd have to be careful during the trip to the airport, though - one collision with a rushing pedestrian loaded with shopping and youd flash-roast her frozen chicken right in the street.
I saw Axe-wielder just then, in my head. He was on his bike, cruising around a roundabout close to a town centre. Some hundred metres away, as he well knew, a train was disgorging the away fans for that nights football match. A hundred idiots in their team's strip staggering off the carriages and up the ramp and out onto the street. I saw the cops, some of them on horses, some on foot and in cars, but all watching the fans with a wary eye. People, people, people. A hundred and fifty of them, amassing on the bridge; and below it, the train was pulling out of the station, about to pass under that bridge, that bridge that was reinforced by scaffolding that Axe-wielder and his team had been analyzing for so long. More people. Oh, so many people. And Axe-wielder, bike and body coated in slime, bringing death their way.
He takes the roundabout slowly, leaning the bike around the curve like a pro. He isn't scared, he isn't nervous - and he isn't the opposite, either, isn't over-eager to go get his Fate. He's like a man heading into town to visit a shop he knows is open all day. No rush.
A bus is parked, taking on passengers. He declines overtaking it, preferring instead to let the double-decker pull out so he can follow it to the bridge and include it and its passengers in his mission. Some punk with red hair and his pin-cushion-faced girl on the top deck throw him some mouthed insult he can't hear. He just grins, knowing the last laugh is to be his.
And now he cruises up onto the bridge. He can hear the whistle of a train from beneath that bridge, a train whose driver doesn't know he's already reached the terminus. He's surprised he can hear the whistle over the bellowing of the football fans, many in football shirts with some other guy's name stitched on the back. They roll out of the station with all the flair of royal visitors, singing and chanting and making damn sure everyone knows who they are and why they're here. Like the Nazis rolling into France, believing they're welcomed. Invaders and marauders, the lot of them. Axe-wielder almost wishes he could take out a few with a pistol first.
So, he bets, do the twenty or so police, many of them unpaid Special Constables, that mill around on both sides of the bridge, keeping a wary eye on these invaders. Two policewomen on horses look on without emotion, silent. Perhaps, Axe-wielder wonders, they hope that the pet fouling-charge doesn't apply to horses that leave stinking dollops of shit in the road, as these two have. Some kid's trying to drag his younger sister closer to the animals, and she's moaning that she doesn't want to have her face rubbed in the poo, but her brother's insisting that everyone has to have their face rubbed in horse poo at some point, and today it's her turn. But these are the only two people who don't seem to mind the police presence here, or to wonder why. The other shoppers and pedestrians pass by quickly and without looking at cop or hooligan. Because you never know when some psycho will see malice in your glimpse, or some cop will see guilt.
Now Axe-wielder remembers the gel coating his entire body. He feels the chill wind in his eyes and hairline and all the other places where he hasn't fully smeared the gel; he's hot everywhere else. He feels his thickly pasted hair trying to dance in the breeze but failing, hanging limp and heavy. He feels the wetness on his legs and arms and on his sweaty back, under his glistening jacket. He feels his bike trying to slip out from under him, so coated is it in the slippery substance. And he can feel the weight of the Harrigan Trailer attached to the rear. It is loaded to the brim with this shit.
And now it is time.
He detonates. Maybe he just claps his hands together to do it. That little impact is enough to set the whole lot off. Basic workings of any explosive: an increase in molecular size at a speed beyond that of sound, hence the noise you hear when the sound barrier goes, a boom that will be heard for miles. Air pushed aside to accommodate the bigger molecules. Imagine a wind that blows at over a thousand miles an hour and you get the picture. This breeze doesn't just ruffle hair and invert umbrellas - it opens stomachs and crushes bricks. Throw fire into this mix and things heat up - literally.
The stone arch bridge is already weakened. A large portion in the middle crumbles under the shockwave and is thrown downward. Bricks and shredded lengths of the supporting scaffolding in the tunnel below, pushed ahead of that shockwave, thud deep into the rail tracks and the train, passing easily through the roof and impaling or crushing people in their seats. The shockwave hardly dissipates by the time it's travelled four metres to the train's roof, and so still carries the power to flatten the roof of one carriage, pushing it right into the people below, further mutilating those already injured by bricks and pieces of steel piping. Stones on the railway are blasted downwards hard enough to bounce them right off the ground and into the sky. Some pock-mark the train and what's left of the bridge, while others soar high towards the Saturday sun.
The shockwave rolls across the bridge in all directions, swatting people and cars aside. Detonated close to the lower midsection of the double-decker bus, the bomb sweeps the vehicle off its wheels like a karate master kicking out some virgin's legs, then bends the vehicle almost in half down the middle, creating a boomerang shape. The rescue teams will arrive to discover it sitting atop the ruined bridge on its side, looking just like some abstract art tent that a man could walk tall through, if he didn't mind having to dodge the bloodied arms and legs dangling down through broken windows. The bus breaches the torn bridge like a bridge itself.
The bus provides a barrier against most of the blast for the police, mostly amassed on the pavement. Many die still, thrown hard against the retaining wall. Others suffer shrapnel wounds from glass and bits of the number 32 Circular.
The football fans, crowding the opposite side of the bridge, which is open to the explosion, fare worse. Some are crushed where they stand, their corpses blown into other people and into the retaining wall, which breaks apart like a Lego barrier; bricks and bits of people hit the station down below, some forty metres away, like a meteor shower.
Then comes the part that would make people go "aaawwwww" in the cinema - not the destruction of dozens of people, but the unfortunate rending of horse flesh. Never did a geegee fly so fast across a finishing line at Aintree, or win by a liver instead of a nose.
Thirty metres down the road, people are flung to the ground with bruises, some with their hair catching fire. Another thirty removed and shirts and skirts are ruffled. Thirty more metres away, some stone deaf guy staring in a shop window slaps the back of his neck, thinking a fly had landed.
Then the dust settles. But my heart is leaping. I -



"A GLITCH IN THE SALES PITCH"
- I heard footsteps coming up the stairs. Teeth-bloke, and he was talking to someone. I discerned two sets of feet on the steps. Then, a knock.
Hey, you okay in there? It was Nymph-girl. She sounded genuinely concerned, like a mother.
Hes pissing on it or something," Teeth-bloke said. He went against us, and now hes trying to stop us.
Stop them. A thought occurred to me. Teeth-bloke was concerned Id be pissing on their gloop, whatever explosive material it was. Axe-wielder had made such a remark, too. I wondered: did this stuff degrade if pissed on? And who the hell first discovered this?
There was a beaker atop the bathroom cabinet, which was a wooden box stuck on the wall above the sink. I grabbed it, spun to the toilet, and filled with beaker with the stinking, sloppy mess Id pissed and shat into the bowl. I tipped it into the gloop and stepped back, half-expecting some kind of chemical reaction. 
Out the way, another voice said, as another set of feet hit the stairs, these at a run. Surfer-dude, I figured. Seemed they were all coming. I was suddenly a popular guy.
I dont know if hes alright in there," Nymph-girl told him. It was a whisper, but I heard it anyway. He might have fallen, be unconscious.
Hes okay," Surfer-dude replied. Step aside there, let me have a go.
Shuffling as three people exchanged positions on the tiny landing. I tossed aside the beaker and grabbed the pool cue, began to stir the concoction in the bath. Slowly. I narrowed my eyes because I was fully aware that I was messing with volatile stuff here. Funny, eh, how we assume that narrowing our eyes will somehow be beneficial if something explodes in our face?
A soft rapping on the door. Pal, you came to us for help, didnt you?" Surfer-dude hollered through the door. You came here to drown your sorrows and chat to the barman, the worlds truest agony uncles. You wanted me to give advice, help. I did. Were the Shepherds. We will lead you. We will help you. Feel under the windowsill.
I dont know why I obeyed, but I did. I rushed for it, like a man on a timer. Under the lip of the windowsill, blue-tacked to it, was a small key. Immediately I figured it fit the window above the bath. Fuck knows why it had been hidden under the windowsill.
That opens the window. Leads onto a steep roof, very slippy. Over it leads to the back yard and a balancing act. A slide down leads into the front garden thirty feet below.
I clutched the key. Stared at the window. What was he saying?
I remembered the plants in the front yard, and their sharp-tipped stakes. And understood. Just who the fuck were these people!!!
I tell you this, cock, because I like you and want you to have a head start, a chance. See, we showed you our world because you were straightaway open and honest with us, four strangers. We thought youd join. Especially with all the shit with your bird. But since you didnt, you now have to promise not to tell anyone about us or our plan. I assume you realized our plan? It's a new big step for us and we don't want our magnum opus ruined.
I dont know any plan, I blubbered. So I cant tell anyone anything. I wouldnt anyway. I promise. I promise.
Hearing myself promise like that, I understood that I was terrified. I read people and situations well, and I guess my emotions often fire up accordingly. That meant if I was terrified now, I had good fucking reason to be.
Thats not the way we want you to promise. Ill put this as kindly and nice as possible. A pause; brain ticking over. We want you to rest joyously in that big old comfy bed in the sky.
Could such prose sell death to a life-loving, as if you were selling him a house? If so, that man wasnt me. I literally felt a tingle in my hips as my sphincter muscle faltered a beat. The books arent wrong: you feel yourself relax and nearly shit. Good job I'd just been.
In about ten seconds, a guy with an axe is going to chop open this door. Then he plans to crush your skull with it 
Oops, a glitch in the sales pitch: kind of like a bit of dry rot showing in the sparkling photo of the aforementioned houses living room. I dont want to buy this product now, thank you!
- but if you can get away from this village, escape out into the fields, we will not chase you. Our mission is too much work now for us to pause to chase you down. I bet we could get your details from things in your little hideaway here. But we wont. Promise. Get away, you get away. Village boundary. Even if my axe-carrying friend here is a hairs breadth behind you, axe ready to fall - if you cross that boundary, you live. You win.
I heard mumbling, all of them. A shuffle on the small landing, and I bloody knew why! Axe-wielder, coming to the front, the others giving him room to let his axe dance.
The door shivered as the first blow landed, hard and metallic-sounding. I grunted in fear, almost dropping the key I clutched.
What you doing?" Surfer-dude said. A mutter of some kind from Axe-wielder. Sod the lock - hit the hinges, Surfer-dude responded. Another thud. At about the point where I guessed the upper hinge held the door in its frame, a blade of wood poked out, no doubt pushed by the blade of the axe. This guy wasnt Jack Nicholson coming through the door panel in The Shining. A few blows in the right places and the whole door was going to simply fall like a domino. And Id be next.
I pushed open that window and hauled myself through it. It had begun to rain. I felt the drops on the back of my neck as I wriggled through that window like a worm coming out of the earth. The window did indeed lead onto the sloped roof of another part of the building. I put my hands on the slippy tiles and walked them, as if my legs were held by a friend and we were playing that old game known as Wheelbarrow, and I was said barrow with arms instead of a wheel. I dragged my knees over the window ledge with a painful bump, then bent my legs so they plopped out. I landed hard and immediately began to slide, but my fingers found a grip and my body slid like a jackknifing truck.
When I'd stopped sliding, I told myself not to look back. Ahead of me, the top of the roof was some six feet away. I began to haul myself up. As I did so, I became aware of two things. One was a remembrance of why Surfer-dude and cohorts had put spiked splints on the plants growing in the front yard - below me! The other was a rending crash from inside the bathroom as the door was eventually overcome.
I climbed past the window, higher, quick. Something touched my leg and I looked back. Axe-wielder was there at the window, feeding his fat arm out, working the chubby spider he called a hand into trying to grab my foot as I climbed past. I paused in my climb to shuffle ten inches to the left, out of reach, then continued upwards. 
Despite the rain, the climb was easy. Adrenaline, I guess. I hauled myself over the ridge, moved into a sitting position atop the roof, shifted forwards to the end of the roof, and stared down.
I was right over the garden at the side of the house. Where Axe-wielder's bike was. Either side of it was a similar-sized, walled-off area, making all three look like some giant cored brick. To the left was a concreted area for storing beer barrels and crates; to the right, an area for the storage of junk, it seemed. The drop into either of these areas would be shorter because I could do so from the lowest part of the roof, but only the centre square, where the bike was, where I'd stood and chatted with a madman, had a gate. But I wasn't planning to drop down into the garden. I recalled that Surfer-dude had said something about a balancing act. The drop into the garden was some twenty feet, but directly below me was a buttress rising six feet from the ground. It had a flat top the size of a standard chessboard. The buttress was the centre one of five against the wall, and I realised that the gap between them was small enough that I could hop across and jump and catch the wall and clamber up and walk to the end and drop down into an alley created by the long back wall of this property and a high wooden fence. Beyond the fence, back gardens and houses.
But I was looking at the alley. To the left, the alley led out into the village centre, which would be the direction to take if I was going back to the cottage for my things. But that way also took me past the front of the house, and I wasn't going to risk that.
So I would head to the right. The alley terminated at a chain-link fence that denoted the sharp edge of town, because beyond there was nothing but countryside, although it was so dark out there I couldn't see more than about fifty metres. The land just slipped away into darkness, and for all I knew the world could end at a vast cliff just beyond where the green of grass became first the grey-blue of night and then the black of nothing. The twinkling lights in the distance could have been low-hanging stars in space.
Suddenly I felt very alone and very lost.
"You fell and died yet?" came Axe-wielder's voice over the roof on a finger of wind. I got moving.
I turned and lay and fed my body into the chasm, until I was dangling with my hands hooked over the gutter,  nought but my eight fingers holding me up. I looked down between my body and the wall and there was the flat top of the buttress shifting slowly below my feet. I was reminded of an old video game in which you had to fire a stationary gun at flying ducks, which reminded me of my situation now because I felt that it was the buttress moving, not my body swaying in the wind. If I missed landing cat-like on that fifteen-inch-wide flat-topped wall, I hoped to miss wide. Better to hope on a good landing after a longer-than-expected-drop than to catch the top of the wall with a foot or arm and hit the ground with something other than my feet - or, worse, to tear off a limb (suddenly I couldn't shake the image of catching the sharp edge of the buttress with my chin, smashing my teeth, severing my tongue with those smashed teeth, breaking my neck).
I landed fine, bullseye, but then I began to stagger backwards, and one foot tried to stand on air and was lost, and down I went.
Only I didn't. Desperate, a man clutching at straws, a hand flew out and snatched at the wall, and caught on an old nail sticking out of a brick. I had only just breached the point of no return with regards to my balance, so any amount of purchase would have saved me. And there I was, saved, leaning back at just a few degrees, body locked tight and straight, pad of my right forefinger hooked over the nail, the head of that nail dug into the joint.
I pressed down harder and slowly tugged, and the tipping point was gone and I stood there on the buttress, breathing into the wall.
It was only a six-foot drop, but the drop wasn't the problem. If I'd fallen, I would have been trapped in a box. As it was, I wasn't. So I quickly turned to face the next buttress and hopped three feet onto it. This time, no problem. Next buttress, then a leap at the wall. The wall was higher, so I aimed to land my chest on top of it and got it perfect, meaning it didn't hurt as much as I expected. I scrambled up and onto that wall as quickly as I could.
 At the end of the wall, I dropped hard onto my ass, legs over the edge, and pushed off. I landed in the dark alley with a jolt that sent sharp pain up the back of my legs, but this nuisance was nothing to slow me and I turned right, ran along the dark roofless corridor, concentrating on nothing but the holes in the chain-link fence, and the lovely inviting fields of nothingness and sanctuary beyond.



"GUESS THE DIRECTION OF A PENALTY KICK"
The untended field beyond was as unruly as the hair of Lady Godiva after a sleepless night. Clumps and knots of grass like rugby players in a scrum snatched and hugged at my feet as I thudded through the night. The phut phut noise of each long stride that cut through the grass sounded almost like the fast swish of a knife through flesh and skin. Raindrops clinging to the grass soon soaked my jeans, and again my mind ran riot. Suddenly the sound of slicing flesh was exactly that: the blades of grass were sharp blades of glass and the wetness on my legs was not rain but blood. I was cutting my legs to ribbons with each kick onward through the field.
A glance back confirmed that the village was falling behind. It seemed to shrink - a trick of light and night? I almost thought I could reach back and pick up the village in my hands like a model some kid had put together. Had that been so, I would have grabbed it hard by the fencing that encircled it, and I would have upended it, watching as cars and garden furniture and loose roof tiles and people tumbled out like toys. I would have shaken it hard, hoping to dislodge my four enemies here and then stamp them into the earth. Especially that fat fuck Axe-wielder, who had so tried to be a friend and helper some ten minutes before. I would have shaken that model town until he came flying through a window or until his screams, as he bounced between interior walls like a pinball, ended. I would have shaken the village until the Shepherds' shit-stinking bath of potassium chlorate blew the roof off the pub and I could reach in and yank Axe-wielder away from whatever he clung to. I'd lay him in my palm and clap him flat.
A thick knot of grass snared my foot. I stumbled and fell. Grass whipped my cheeks and my hands slapped into the hard wet ground. I held my breath; suddenly the world had never been so silent or dark. This was the world Neolithic man had inhabited when the ball of light in the sky had hidden itself. Full of fear and wonder, he must have sat as I sat now, curled in a ball, not knowing what to do. Perhaps he had slept; perhaps this was where the human habit of sleeping at night had been birthed. The very thought of this suddenly made my eyelids heavy.
They snapped wide open as I heard a growing sound. There was no speculation: immediately I knew this was the sound of an engine, a bike engine. Axe-wielder's Goldwing - it could be no other. He was coming for me, obviously having found a hole or gate in the fence.
I stood. Blood or water slipped down my cheeks. I saw a light, certainly the Goldwing's headlamp. It was close to the village, some way to the right of the area where I figured I had exited - must have been a gate there. The headlamp swept back and forth like a searchlight in some P.O.W. camp, but didn't swing its beam anywhere near me. I could barely hear the engine now, nothing but a purr.
Then I could. A low roar. The beam of light wavered as if the bike were moving slowly, and I understood what was happening. Since the handlebars could only turn so far to the left and right, Axe-wielder could only cover a section of the field at one time; he was repositioning the bike so he could sweep the beam over the next portion of land. It was a process of elimination. Even as I was thinking this, the engine's roar mellowed to a purr again and the beam ambled over and past me. It did a double-take like some living thing and rushed back at me, too quickly for me to duck out of sight. I did duck, but the sudden growl of that 1800cc engine might as well have been Axe-wielder roaring I SEE YOU, ASSHOLE!
So I stood, holding my ground, and prepared to jump aside when he tried to ram me.
Too many times in films we've seen the pursued run away from a vehicle, but running along the very path the pursuer is traveling. It's a case of simple physics - anything traveling faster than the thing in its way will eventually catch up to it.
I was not stupid, and I didn't panic in fear, as you might have expected - did people in the path of falling trees really stand there shocked until crushed, as the old theory goes? I had no intention of letting Axe-wielder pinpoint my back with his headlamp before stomping the gas and riding up and over my body, squashing me into the mud with the weight of his bike.
So I stood and faced him, ready to dive aside at the last moment. If he came straight at me and didn't suspect I had a plan - this tree was coming at me hard and loud, and maybe he thought I was frozen in place - - he'd never turn in time once I'd moved. And even if he knew what I was intending to do, at that speed he'd have to guess which way I would dive, like a goalkeeper in a soccer match trying to guess the direction of a penalty kick.
With thirty feet to go, the bike's headlamp suddenly flicked off. I hadn't realized just how much illumination that lamp had shed. Now assailed by darkness, I saw bright dots flash across my vision, and I felt nothing but the ground under my feet, and a light wind on my face and in my hair - heard nothing but that bike's tremendous, angry growl.
I dove left, rolled, stopped and curled up into a ball, just in case. I heard the bike thunder past, even felt the ground vibrate; felt a patter of water as the sodden grass sprayed its collected rainwater on me as heavy wheels crushed it.
I got to my knees. Now I could see the bike, because the headlamp was on again. The bike curved a wide arc and came back at me. I knew Axe-wielder's game here. He'd lose the light when he was close enough so I would lose track of his bike as it came for me. But at all other times he'd need it to see where he was going.
I searched the ground for a rock, but didn't find one. I drew up a handful of mud instead, hoping I might get a lucky shot as the bike came at me again. Axe-wielder wore no helmet, after all.
Now some forty metres distant, the headlamp flicked off again. I heard a shout that sailed past me on the wind: Fates coming for you. I took a step backwards, as if that accomplished anything. I waited only a second, figuring his speed would put him pretty close now, and tossed the mud where I thought he might be. Even as the mud was flying, my eyes adjusted enough to the darkness to see the vague black shape of the bike coming at me. I backed off some more, not sure yet which way to dive; not sure if Axe-wielder could see me.
Pain in my back as I rushed into a fence: three widely spaced lengths of wire running horizontally between wooden posts. Very basic.
I grunted in shock and pain, turned, threw my hands around the top wire, and froze. I was smack between two posts, with nothing to hold onto to climb the fence - the wire was taut and thin and thus too sharp for my hands to put weight on. I did the only thing I could think of. I dropped hard to the ground, planning to roll under the bottom wire. But that wire was too low to permit me, only five inches off the ground.
A rumble as the bike blew past me about eight feet away. I heard a twang, then a strange sound like a wet slap, then a cough from the bike. I watched as the black shape slipped onto its side, slid a way, caught something, and flipped. Axe-wielder, who'd still been holding onto the bike, was sent flying, to land and tumble loudly.
I had felt a rush of air across my chest immediately after the twanging sound. My hand crept up, crept because all had gone still and silent, except for the ticking of the bike's now-docile engine. What I felt there at first puzzled, then terrified me. My shirt was gashed right across the chest, creating a giant mouth. I quickly felt my chest for blood, not knowing what was going on. Even as I registered no blood, I realized that the wires of the fence were gone. I flapped a hand around me to make sure. The bike had torn them free from a post, sending three steel whips right across me as the wires relaxed their tension. I'd narrowly missed being cut across the chest, or worse.
I got up and, shaking, approached the crashed bike slowly. I could see Axe-wielder's shape lying further afield. He wasn't moving. But I suspected he was feigning injury, drawing me in.
I gasped and froze as my foot kicked something, something that rolled a few feet and stopped. It looked like some spherical object wrapped in wet seaweed.
I looked away, knowing what this thing was - the pipe still stuck in its mouth was a damn giveaway. Axe-wielder's head, oh so neatly sliced from its neck like a chunk of Edam removed from the block. But instead of feeling revulsion or fear, I put a hand to my ruined shirt and felt a wave of luck.
My vision was drawn to the body, then further. I could see that the land rose slightly in the next twenty metres, peaking at about my eyeline. But through a cleft in that sub-horizon, I saw a sliver of liquid light that I knew was a rain-slicked, one-lane road. It looked to be no more than a hundred metres away. There was no traffic rushing back and forth, but that didn't bother me. It was almost midnight and I was out in the middle of nowhere. But roads lead somewhere, if not to a destination then from one. And that was good enough for me.
I detoured widely round Axe-wielder's corpse, not fully trusting that dead for him meant the same inability to grab a passing ankle as it did for normal people. When I was past, I didn't look back. But as I was stepping over the crest of the hill, seeing that lovely piece of macadam all illuminated by moonlight just for me, I did raise one hand behind me and flip that fucking village the bird. 



"I GOT TO THE ROAD"
I got to the road and stepped right out into the middle, hoping to see a car. But to the left and right the road wound away into darkness - no headlights or lights of any kind. Behind, the lights of the town were dimming with distance and because it was late and people were heading to bed. Far in front, across a vast nothingness, the lights of a motorway, another city or town, but these seemed miles away, too many miles to cross. I didn't know what lay ahead. It might just have been more fields and plateaus. But it might have been a black swamp stinking with the rotting corpses of all the foolhardy tourists who'd risked the journey before me.
So, back to the road. Left and right, winding away. The glittering rainwater on the tarmac faded quickly to a dull glow, then to nothing in the near-distance. I seemed to be on a raised portion of the road, because the road slipped slightly downhill to either side of me. I suddenly had the thought that where the road faded from sight in both directions, it was because the single-lane blacktop dipped underground via some hole, continuing its downward trajectory through the crust and mantle until any who walked its length found themselves between walls of molten rock somehow kept back. Ever downward, perhaps right through to the core and the City of Hell. I imagined a wire that has exposed itself through a tear in its rubber housing. Was perhaps this length of glistening blacktop a portion of one of the highways of Hell that had popped out through a rent in the earth's crust?
I shook that silliness from my head. My hand was in my pocket, closed around the sweet I'd taken from Teeth-bloke. I pulled it out and dropped it. It had begun to melt, leaving a sticky film of sugary gel in my palm. Maybe its slight softness was what prevented it from smashing into pieces as it hit the ground.
As I watched, the round sweet began to roll left, slowly. It rolled only a few inches down the slight decline, but it was enough. I didn't thinking it was a homing-sweet, eager to return to its owner, so I figured that direction was as good as any. It would save me having to make a choice, for a start.
So, I faced left (I didn't know if that was north, east, whatever, and wasn't sure how to use the moon or the few stars in the sky to educate myself). Left. Sounded as good as any compass point. Left. I followed the road left, which was now straight ahead.




" GOING TO HELL"
Ever seen one of those less-than-expensive car-racing video games where, if you look closely, you can see the road knitting itself together out of blocks of loading graphics as you race along? That was how the road presented itself to me as I walked. Sparkling pools and Rorschach rainblots shimmered into existence, weaving the road into reality some fifty or so metres ahead of me. Trying to catch up to the place where the road oozed out of the darkness was like trying to chase the moon, if you've ever tried that. I felt I might be trekking along nothing more than a tarmac conveyor belt that looped under me, with some higher being watching me as a kid might watch a hamster trying to find the end of his wheel. I went to the verge, found a stone, and placed it carefully in the middle of the road. If I came upon that stone again, I'd know for sure.
I started laughing then. Conveyor belts? Highways to Hell? Whatever Surfer-dude had put in that bloody bottle of gin besides alcohol, it was working some voodoo shit on my head.
I kicked the stone away. That was when I became aware of a sound in the night. I listened. A low rumbling, like an engine. Yes, definitely an engine. But from the sound in relation to the distance (couldn't see any headlights yet), it sounded like a large engine. Maybe belonging to a Goldwing?
I scuttled to the side of the road and slipped down a slight incline far enough so I could hide, but still see the road. Here the bank was not grassy but consisted of churned soil, as if a vehicle had veered off the road recently. Thus I was not hidden by the knee-high grass along the rest of the verge, but would only be seen by anyone on the road as they passed this little shear in the land. And since I didn't dare move now, that was a risk worth taking. Any bike traveling a typical speed would be past me before its rider could figure out what he'd glimpsed, if anything.
I lay still, silent. I tried holding my breath, but that just made my head throb and my heart beat louder. In such an open space, it was hard to determine exactly which direction the vehicle was coming from. I looked left and right, but still could see nothing. And now the noise was thunderous, all around me, as if the vehicle in question were a jumbo jet rather than a car or bike.
"You're in my way."
I looked round, towards the sound of the voice, which was a little high-pitched - this probably pronounced by the low roar of the engine.
Barely ten feet behind me (how could I have missed it?) was a tractor backhoe loader, but brown instead of yellow, and without identifying marks, which suggested a quick spray job by the owner, maybe so it hid well in the night. The backhoe was extended upwards, some thirty feet into the sky, as if it were being used as a giant aerial to capture obscure satellite TV channels. The front loader bucket was also extended high, the bucket positioned like a cup to hold water - I could see some splashing over the edges. Beyond the hydraulic arms I could see the cabin and the occupant. The cabin had an extra feature: a thick bar jutting out four feet like a handless arm; dangling from the end of this bar was a rope, and below the rope, bolted or hooked to the side of the tractor, was some sort of chair with wheels.
The man in the cabin was young, maybe only sixteen, certainly not old enough to be driving one of these things. He was skinny, too, and didn't mind showing off his toned arms in a sleeveless black T-shirt. Under the dim green glow from an overhead lamp in the cabin, I could see those arms were plastered with tattoos that I couldn't make out, although immediately I thought I'd unluckily run into another member of the Shepherds. This was an open land of fields and valleys, after all.
The petite driver reached out and flicked on a small spotlight, and pinned me under the beam. I put a hand between my eyes and the beam.
"I can't get up on the road while you lie there," the voice said again. "So the maths is simple. You have to move."
I sat up. The guy turned the spotlight away, aimed it up into the sky. I didn't see a batman symbol painted on the canopy of night, and then wondered why on Earth I should have expected to. Bloody gin. But the ring of light around the spotlight gave enough illumination for me to see this guy more clearly.
Yes, he wore black and was tattooed, but yes, he was just a kid. He had some of that bumfluff on his chin, that Brillo-pad of pubic hair that teenagers like to let run amok during that part of life when they finally find they can grow facial hair. He also had a head that wasn't quite the same shape on both sides; it was indented around the right jaw, and there was a coarse mass of scar tissue there. A handsome face had once belonged there, I knew.
"You certainly aren't a protestor. Windall Wood was flattened six weeks ago. Muppets think chaining themselves to a tree will stop million-pound deals. Maybe you're a suicide? Well I'm not running over you. No way. Even Dr. Kevorkian is going to Hell for that. Find a big building, or jump in the river. Drink drain cleaner."
I just sat there and stared at him.
"I can wait you out," he snorted. He held up something: a bunch of bananas, some of which were just empty skins. He'd peeled a couple without removing the fruit from the bunch. He did the same now, carefully opening a banana from the bottom and sliding it out. He bit, and grinned at me as he chewed.
"Don't see you with any food." Now he raised a plastic bottle with a top and a plastic straw, as if proposing a toast.
I got up and moved to one side, stepping off the section of bank that was churned soil. I didn't trust this guy, meek as he seemed. He might be a couple of girls short of a threesome, and he was hovering over me with a heavy piece of machinery. I was going to keep at his flank, making sure he couldn't gun his vehicle and squash me into jam.
But as soon as I was off the churned section of bank, he did gun the engine. He forced the tractor forward and up the bank, and I realized then that this guy had probably scooped out the bank some time previously, then flattened it, so he could get his tractor on and off the road with ease. But why? We were in the middle of nowhere. The little "road" looked well-used, as if over time. Where had he been? As I saw the tractor climb onto the road, jerking enough to splash more water from its front bucket, I also wondered what he'd been up to. Poaching with the world's most awkward-to-manoeuvre fishing "net"?
Once on the road, he turned in the direction I'd been heading. I didn't trust this guy (so far my experience of people in these parts wasn't enjoyable), but for some reason I called out to him. Tattoo-guy, I called him, most probably because he had tattoos. Tattoo-guy, would he mind ever so much giving me a lift?
He heard me, stopped the tractor, which sent another big gloop of water out of the bucket, to smash into a billion molecules when it hit the already-wet road, and turned, mouth open to speak. But as he turned, he must have hit some lever, because there was a whine, and the front bucket tilted forward, dropping its load all over the tarmac. He screamed the word SHIT, but added about fifty I's, and I belched laughter because I couldn't stop myself, though I knew laughing might be a bad move.
"Gold!" he screeched. "Get it, get it, don't lose it." He pointed at what his bucket had dropped. It looked like nothing more than mud, silt, a mouthful of riverbed. Gold? 
I wanted to wonder what he meant, I clearly remember that. But I also remember that instead my brain clammed up and sent power to my legs. Barely three seconds later I was standing in front of that tractor and staring down at the diarrhea-like blob in the middle of the road. My brain reactivated an old question: Gold?
When I looked up, Tattoo-guy was no longer in the cab, or at least not completely. He was hanging from the rope that dangled two feet beside the cabin; dangling and trying to shake free his legs, which seemed caught. But from the way he writhed, something became obvious: he wasn't using his legs to help free himself. He was trying to yank his legs free.
He was a paraplegic. A paraplegic driving a tractor backhoe loader, and without using pedals, somehow. And that chair hooked to the side of the tractor was his wheelchair!
I had given up trying to wake from this increasingly strange nightmare.



"A KID EXTRACTING FLUFF FROM A SWEET"
I watched him lower himself down the rope and into his wheelchair. Some switch or lever within reach set his chair on the ground with a whirring noise, and he was off. Propelled by his sinewy arms, he came around to the front of the tractor, swiveled so he faced the muddy mess on the ground, just as I did, and said:
"Quick, get it up, quick."
I just looked at him. He nudged me, an incentive, but I didn't move. Out here this night I was a lone entity in a world I didn't know. But my legs worked and his didn't, which was enough for at least a bubble of ego.
"Sod off," I said. "What is it?"
Gold, he said. What do you mean? I asked. Gold from the river nearby. Gold in them thar hills, if you like. Bollocks. No, really. Bollocks. Well-known that the local river gave up gold back in the last century, I tell you. Bol-locks. Yeah, well look at this.
He moved his chair forward, squelching right into the muddy mess, then backed out far enough so the muck coated the top of his wheels, within his reach. He scooped some off much as a bear might scoop honey right out of the hole in a tree. Then he began to pick though it, tossing away bits here and there like a kid extracting fluff from a sweet that's been in his pocket too long.
While he did this, I kept glancing around us. He'd left the spotlight on, aimed into the air like some beacon. I hoped it wouldn't attract attention. Not too many light sources way out here. And this was the land of the eccentric. Someone might suspect a light show at some illegal rave, in which case enraged villagers would come with pitchforks and giant wicker men to burn us. Or they might suspect aliens come to mutilate livestock, in which case Or
In each case, I couldn't shake the pitchfork image: a play on the scene from every Frankenstein movie when outraged townsfolk come to destroy the monster and creator. I -
Surfer-dude and his fucking spiked gin! I shook my head, as if that cartoonesque action really could clear a head. And it worked, because, at least for the moment, droplets of paranoia were sprayed out of my ears like water from a wet dog.
"What do you mean, gold?"
Tattoo-guy held up something - just his fingers, by the look. But he seemed to believe he was holding something there, clasped between his thumb and forefinger as you might hold a single hair.
He sniggered. "See - gold!"
I didn't see. But then I wasn't looking at his hands, rather his arms. His tattoos weren't creative or expertly crafted. In fact, they looked home-made. Few pictures, mostly words and terms, some in capital letters, others in speech bubbles. "LOVE YOURSELF" I saw, and "LEARN FROM ERRORS!" I stopped reading after that, because the guy threw away his gold speck with a grunt and turned his chair to me.
"Maybe not that bit. Help, look." He pointed at the mess on the road. And for some reason, I got on my knees, and he rolled back to his machine, reversed what he'd done to exit, and lowered the bucket to the ground, and I started scooping the mud up, pushing it back into the loader's bucket. Close to midnight, and I was scooping mud off a dark road for some cripple who thought he'd found gold.
When he was satisfied he had most of it, he waved me over, pointing to a space on the seat in the cab. He was thin enough so we could both occupy the cab. And, again, I acted without knowing why. I got mixed up with another strange stranger.



"BLINDING DRUNK ONE NIGHT AT HER HOUSE"
I'd thought the big tires on this vehicle would make the ride comfortable. They didn't. It wasn't smooth, and the engine's roar seemed to bounce back at us, amplified, as if the black sky that enshrouded us was nothing but dark walls of matter just out of reach. Eventually, when I thought my teeth were going to judder out of my mouth, I tapped Tattoo-guy on the shoulder and shouted a question.
"I left my girlfriend tonight. She shagged my mate. I'm going to see her in the morning. What should I do to her?"
He gave me a look. Girls? that look said. Don't waste my time with such creatures. I figured he was either gay or uninterested in either sex. But this guy didn't really like females. Guys like that either beat or raped them, or suffered their taunts and their rejections with outward nonchalance and inner seething. At his age, in his condition, way out here - yeah, this guy struck me as the rejected type.
"You ain't from here, are you? What's that accent? Down south?"
"Half-right," I answered. "Half the distance, anyway. I sent her home. We were on holiday."
"And she slept with your friend? Why'd you bring him?"
I laughed. I still felt high, but at least I wasn't still travelling upwards. The cold was threatening to sober my mind.
"No, he's home. She told me today. First day on holiday."
He shrugged. "Great," he said, not caring. "So what do you mean, what should you do?"
"Can't let her get away with it. She wronged me."
"Ah, retribution?"
That sounded strong. "Maybe not. That's why I'm asking. We have time to talk." I pointed ahead, at the black before us. The road unrolled out of that gloom with no break or change or new feature. There was no reason to believe we were even moving. Again that feeling of being on a conveyor belt.
"I met some guys earlier tonight. They said I should get votes."
"Votes for?"
"Action. Action against my girl for emotional damage." I had remembered Surfer-dude's words. I gave Tattoo-guy a brief overview of my night. I left out anything regarding video tapes, drugged alcohol, potassium chlorate and decapitated bikers. And when I was finished, this guy patted my shoulder, as if he were an old friend trying to nurse me through turmoil.
"So she slept with someone, and now you want revenge? Something to kill the pain?"
"I don't know." I regretted having spoken at all. Suddenly this skinny teenager sounded all too sure and mature. So getting burned once didn't do the trick, eh?
"So do I vote that you should get revenge on her? That's what you're asking me? You have any ideas how yet?"
"Give her the silent treatment?"
"Sure, if that's good enough for your ego. That do it for you?"
I stopped to think. I actually stopped to think about that one. I saw myself at home, ignoring her. I'd enter the kitchen only after she'd left it. I'd watch Coronation Street on the upstairs TV, away from the TV downstairs, where she would be sat on the floor with her back against the sofa, her usual relaxation position. I'd ignore her for a few days, and then she'd come round.
Only, we didn't share a house. We each lived with our parents, she just her dad. And I couldn't very well go round to see her, enter her parents' house, and then ignore her! No, silence on this occasion, after recent events, would probably spell the end of us, and a simple break-up through lack of communication was not what I wanted. Maybe a -
"- telling off?" I said.
Take her somewhere, a place we knew and loved. Rorchester Park, a local lovers' haunt, where we first got close by cuddling in the same big coat when it rained on ten picnicking families/couples. A nice day. I'd take her there again, but this time there'd be no bag of food, and no first kiss. We'd find a tree if it was raining again, and I'd sit her before me, take her hands in mine, hold them up close to our faces, so our eyes met above them, and I would open my soul to her:
"What you did hurt me. I hope you know that. It betrayed my trust in you, and trust is something we cannot take lightly as humans. Trust is a person's ability to give themselves wholly to another, to submit everything to them. It is like carving out a piece of your heart and soul and giving it to someone else to take care of. That piece of me was like a key to a door or a password that you could use to get inside a computer. With control over such an integral, fragile piece of me, it becomes so easy to do irreparable damage. I think you did that when you cheated on me, and my brain seems to have clamped down, beefed up its security. It could take some time to allow you back into my life in such a way as we once knew. You did that, but I hope I can forgive you one day. I hope so."
I tried to absorb that idea, but it wouldn't happen. My brain seemed to reject even considering it, as if such a plan were ludicrous.
This guy seemed to be able to read my face as if words were printed on it. He laughed at me, right at me, the kind of way a man might laugh if he were watching people caught on camera falling over on ice or toppling off chairs. 
"Yeah, I see that'll do it for you. A stiff talking to, and remorse will drip from her face every minute she's awake. But she's still had the man. She'll still mention him if her mates and she talk about sex one girly night out. He's still been inside a treasure chamber that was given to you and you alone. He's been where only you should go, and you'll never forget that, even if you forgive it." That laugh again. 
He was right, bloody right. And now she was getting me angry again. No, words would not do here. Words hadn't been good enough for her when she unveiled her secret, and so they wouldn't be now. No.
"Yeah, I see your face. That's not the face of a man who wants to lecture. She got a mate you can sleep with? Eye for an eye. Then you can stare her right in the eyes and let her know how it feels, right?"
I considered that one. 
Yeah, she had a mate. There was a girl called Zip. I think her name was Zena something-I Peters - hence the acronym-nickname. Anyway, this girl flirted with me whenever we were together, and while my girl knew and accepted this, she would certainly be shocked if I ended up banging her. But would Zip go for it - or was flirting as far as she dared or wanted to go? Alcohol, the ultimate tool of regret. Get Zip blinding drunk one night at her house, which was where my girl and me spent most of our indoor time together. Zip lived alone, loved her career too much (assistant manager at some social club) to bother dating, and didn't mind her friends turning up unannounced or crashing over for a day or two. And she loved to drink. Easy enough to go round, perhaps under the guise of talking to her about my girl. Get her drunk and slowly shift the subject from my girl to Zip - no way she'd do that to her friend if we were talking about her. And afterwards, I could go to my girl, and stare her right in the eyes when I told her. A photo or something as proof would help. And a photo of my girl's own stunned face, so I could show her what such mental anguish did to a cheated partner. And so I could look at it and know daily that my punishment upon her was a sweet one.
"Sure," Tattoo-guy said. "Crush her soul, kill her relationship with a close friend. Even-stevens, would that do you? Would it do you in a race - cross the line in a draw? Would it do you in a world record attempt - cycle backwards naked for exactly the same number of metres as the title-holder and not one metre more?"
I glared at him. He didn't look away from the road.
"Of course, all that depends on your girl being exactly the same as you emotionally, doesn't it?"
"What mean?"
"Maybe she doesn't get as jealous as you. After all, jealousy is the primary factor in what makes us feel like shit when someone cheats. Maybe you get all eaten up by it. And maybe she doesn't. maybe you'll shag her mate, and her pissed-off mate will pass it around that you're a wanker, because you would be. And your girl will drip a few tears, get over it, forgive you, and try to get things back to normal. She and her mate will make up talking at the mirror in the ladies' toilets as they agree you're a wanker but that you deserve one more chance, since your girl got one. But you'll still be eaten up by the fact that she did it first, maybe a longer shag, maybe anal and oral and all sorts of dirty shit you don't know about. Oh, and you'll still be a wanker. But hey, if that's fine for you, if that'll ease your torment, then go for it. Go shag, boy. Fetch!"
This skinny bastard certainly knew what he was talking about, even if he had no experience of such things. Maybe he read a lot. What else was there to do while your friends were out clubbing on their legs and you were in a wheelchair - or a backhoe loader.
"So what do you suggest?" I asked the omnipotent one.
"You have to control every action she has for the rest of her life, to make sure this doesn't come back to bite you on the arse. So she can never wrong you again.
He seemed to be talking about some kind of imprisonment, but what kind? Physical? Since locking her in a basement was out of the question, it left only some kind of surveillance. Guys did it all the time: phoning their partners constantly to know their location, researching stories given about places visited that day, even having people follow the cheats to report on their activities. Maybe I could convince the staff at the places she frequented to sign a card, sort of like the school bad report cards we had as kids, to prove she'd been where she was supposed to be. And where these actions were not possible or practical, maybe a chastity belt. Bought cheap and easy on the Internet. This guy had mentioned a treasure chamber that was mine alone, right? So, a chastity belt would provide me with a real physical key with which to protect that treasure chamber against infiltration. Perfect.
Again, he was giving me that look, that smile. He knew what things my mind spun.
"You'll never know, though. Those few ten minute gaps, because you can't possibly watch her twenty-four-seven, can you? Doesn't matter if she goes into a changing room in a women's clothing store - who says she isn't in there blowing some male cleaner who gave her the eye? Stitch up her cunt tight as you like, she can still toss some guy off - again. And you'll never know. And it'll play on your head, that endless throb of 'What if?' bouncing round and round, pummelling your brain."
So what the fuck was he getting at? Disfigurement of her chamber so none would wish to enter again? But that would put me out, too. Disfigure her face, so no man would even approach? That too would put me out: every day that she didn't cheat, I would look at her scarred, ugly face and know I'd done wrong. Not to mention what such injury would do to her mentally.
"You're nave," Tattoo-guy said, shaking his head. "Oldest way in the world to stop someone repeating themselves, or coming back, or talking, or doing any fucking thing except rotting in hell and forever regretting what they've done." He seemed quite heated and angry now, and I sensed he had some kind of issue with this matter. "You said those people you met wanted you to get votes? And they voted against killing her?" He looked at me for so long I thought we were going to drive off the winding road. "I can't answer that for you just yet. But if you really plan to stick to getting a vote off the first five people you meet, then that makes me one of them, so if you want to hang with me a bit, I'll give you my answer in time."
That sounded okay. The night was young. The cold wind had sobered my mind a little, but only enough to waken it. I was still feeling strange. "Time to study the facts, you mean?"
He shook his head. "Time to study you."



"PHILOSOPHY THIS EARLY IN THE MORNING"
Tattoo-guy turned off the road at another home-made exit and we rumbled across the land towards a series of lights some couple of hundred metres away. As we closed, I saw a two-storey farmhouse with a number of outbuildings, one big enough to almost rival the main building, but most too tiny and rickety to be anything but storage sheds, perhaps for farming tools. In every window of the farmhouse and even the major outbuilding, lights shone. I wondered who Tattoo-guy lived with, and how many.
He parked the loader over by an old well. There was a very fine wire mesh strung across the hole. The purpose of this giant sieve became obvious once Tattoo-guy tipped the loader's load onto it. The gooey mess filtered slowly through the mesh until all the water and mud had oozed away - in the silence that followed as we waited, I could hear the water dripping into water far below. What remained caught in the mesh was thicker gobbets of mud, stones, a few tiny river creatures, but certainly no gold. As Tattoo-guy got from his loader into his wheelchair, he got me to rifle through his treasure, but unfortunately I had to report that today, alas, he had not found gold.
"Shit."
I stood by, and over, him. We stared at the gooey mess. I was reminded of Surfer-dude and his cohorts and their bath of explosives. I thought of Axe-wielder's head. I thought how much I was annoyed with my girl, for putting me though this very strange night that might yet get weirder. My head was hot, and the lights from the farmhouse were hurting my eyes. I wanted dark.
"Who else lives here?" I said.
"No one," Tattoo-guy replied, and turned away from the well. There was a path of dead brown grass, about wide enough for Tattoo-guy's wheelchair, leading from the well to the farmhouse's front door, where a hub divulged similar paths in numerous directions, all leading to buildings. Looked as if Tattoo-guy had created himself a network of wheelchair roads right here on his land, possibly using weedkiller. Or potassium chlorate purchased from The Shepherds.
Or was Tattoo-guy the supplier?
That silly thought evaporated even as I was thinking it.
Tattoo-guy moved slowly along the dead path, and I followed. He talked to me without looking back.
"I live here alone. Me, myself, and I. Why you asking, you plan to rob me?"
He sounded genuine enough. I ruffled his hair by way of answer, but that only made him slap my hand away.
At the door, he produced a key, turned his chair sideways on to the door so he could reach the lock, and let us in.
We stepped into a strange house, and my first thought was this: this is not a place the eccentric would buy, but rather a place that would over time turn someone eccentric.
The ground floor seemed to be primarily a spacious kitchen, but right in the centre was a raised square platform, accessible by a set of stairs at each side, that I think was supposed to pass for a living area. There was a pair of armchairs, a TV - in fact it looked like some basic living room that had had its walls removed. Up on the platform as it was, it made me think of a giant art exhibit, something we might have in a hundred years to show schoolkids how people used to live in the olden days. This, children is called a "video recorder", which people back then used to record images in the days before we developed the technology to download into our own brains.
Doors in the far wall led perhaps to bedrooms, but I didn't care about that. My attention was focused on the ropes.
Ten or so of them, dangling down from the high ceiling. There was one right beside the living room platform, one over by a staircase that led upstairs, although the upper floor was nothing more than a gallery around the walls. There were also ropes dangling in front of the two places where kitchen cupboards were mounted.
The floor was linoleum. Tattoo-guy zipped across it, skidded to a halt inside a C-shaped tiled area of sinks and worktops, sort of like a typical kitchen within a bigger kitchen, and ran himself a drink of water. A ramp before the sink allowed him to gain the height needed to reach the taps. He seemed very at home here, very adapted. But I wondered who had kitted this place out for him, and that suddenly made me think he had lied about living here alone. I wanted to turn and run, but whatever Surfer-dude had spiked my drink with wouldn't let me. It had made me fearful yet fearless, and eager to know things I didn't. I felt like a cat in that everything I touched, saw, experienced - I just needed more. 
There was a large clock on the wall. Tattoo-guy looked at it. "Jeez, it's past midnight." He fished in a bunch of shopping bags laid on a table and extracted a banana. He put it in his pocket. So, he got his shopping delivered. A nocturnal, wheelchair-bound kid with the Internet could close-off from the social world almost altogether. 
"You need sleep?" I asked him. Strangely, I didn't want this guy to sleep. I wanted to ask him about my girl. What should I do about her? Kill or forgive? That was my new duty - get the votes counted, make some affirmative action. No way I was going to go to sleep tonight. Tomorrow morning I planned to confront my girl back at home, and I needed to arrive there ready.
By "ready" I meant knowing my course of action. Would I forgive her with open arms, or open her throat to reap my revenge?
"Lord nope," Tattoo-guy said. "I sleep in the day. Just seems a bit early, that's all. No bastards out at night. I don't know why people want to live in the day, anyway. UV rays. People, too many people. Crowds me. I even go out for these at night." He indicated some of his tattoos with a sweep of the hand.
He put away his empty glass, wiped his wet chin, and rolled towards the staircase to the upstairs gallery. I thought I had this guy sussed. To be disabled at such a young age must be hard. He should be out clubbing with pals, not rolling about in a chair. Despite a few ramps and wide doors, this modern world wasn't designed to make life easy for those in wheelchairs. Rolling though a town centre must be an overwhelming experience. Everyone towers above you, and you stand out a mile, especially when trying to move about in shops. No surprise that this guy had chosen a solitary, nocturnal life. A guy like that might like to drive a big tractor to boost his ego somewhat: the machine becomes an implement of power to counter his usually frail state.
I followed him. He used the rope dangling beside the staircase to haul himself out of the chair, then up and lithely over the balcony, onto the first floor, where another wheelchair awaited him. I was forced to climb the stairs; he waited for me as if I were the infirm one.
"This is my grandparents' house. They moved away a couple of years ago. Sick of farmland and cows and sheep. Now they live in Dubai, a big futuristic city right in the middle of nowhere. Grandpa's into computers. Strange for an old guy, but hey."
Sheep and cows. I hadn't seen any. In fact, I hadn't seen anything much, not just cattle, to suggest that Tattoo-guy worked as a farmer. Maybe his family paid for his solitary life here. A cheque each month from his Grandpa would do that.
"What's the fucking point of trying to plan for something if you can't do it?" he suddenly snapped at me. I didn't know what he meant. He turned and whizzed off, and again I followed.
We passed a doorless room and I couldn't help but look inside. It was kitted out like any teenager's room, with more posters showing than wallpaper and more clothing on the floor than in drawers. There was a single bed (so he didn't expect much close company) with a rope and pulley system above it - must be awkward to get up in the night for a piss. Nothing untoward here, except for the ceiling. Above the bed - the first thing he'd see in the morning - was a large black and white poster of a crying child. The bad quality and pixellation suggested it was a blow-up. The child looked about five or six, was dressed in rags, and had a dirty face. The photo looked old. The edges of the photo showed parts of other bodies and heads, suggesting the child had been part of a large throng when the photo was taken. I couldn't keep myself from asking. I was a curious one tonight.
"Nineteen thirty-nine, that," Tattoo-guy answered, pausing outside the door, staring in at the enlarged photo. "Piotrkow, Poland. Hitler's SS rounded up Jews and put them in ghettos. That was the first ghetto, in Pitrkow. That boy, Arich, was one of them. If he's still alive, he's in his eighties now. But I fear he's dead." Tattoo-guy leaned forward in his chair, reached over his shoulder and pulled down the neckline of his T-shirt. Another tattoo. This was the same picture of the little boy, but because of the size and the fact that it was a copy, the quality was clearer. Despite contorting his face with tears and sorrow, Arich was quite a good-looking boy; his ragged clothing hadn't always been so, suggesting perhaps a well-off family. Before the Germans came, of course. But who was he to Tattoo-guy? A distant relative?
"Ever seen some photo like this before? Just some old picture showing Jews being forced through the streets? Have you? Have you?"
I nodded. I had. And Tattoo-guy seemed a bit excited, as if this was something heartfelt. Was he a Jew, perhaps?
"People. All people, with families and feelings and shit, but do you care?"
I took a step away from him. Just to be safe. Perhaps sensing this, he visibly relaxed.
"I believe in a good world, that's all. I think good things should happen to good people and bad shit should happen to the bad. Real bad shit. I'd love to kill all the drug dealers and bag snatchers in the world. Line those fuckers up, I'll roll past with a machine gun and put them all down."
I looked into the room, at the photo on the ceiling. Tattoo-guy saw this. 
"Arich, that's his name. I saw that photo one day in an old book in the library. The original photo showed hundreds of Jews marching along the street. This was just hours after they'd been turfed out of their homes. Imagine that shit. Imagine the country being invaded and the foreign police coming and taking you out of your house. Sitting there eating dinner, and suddenly the door's kicked in. Out you come, no belongings, no mouthwash, never to come back. You don't see that girl of yours again. Or your mum and dad. Or your dog. What would you do?"
I didn't know how to answer. My mouth moved like that of a goldfish, or an actor in a cheap seventies foreign ninja film before the tardy dubbing kicks in. Tattoo-guy nodded.
"That's right. You'd be distraught, eh? Especially if you were nine years old, eh? What would you do if you were nine and that shit happened? Home gone. Friends taken away. Mum beaten and raped by soldiers. Dad put down like a dog because he was too frail to do hard labour in some Latvian camp. What would you do? Maybe you'd cry like that, too.
"I saw that photo and it made me cry, too. Here was some kid who might have gone on to be a great doctor or something. Except he ended up in a street prison because some bad guys invaded his country. Imagine a whole country being invaded. Just imagine that shit happening here. Imagine it. That boy Arich was reduced in history to nothing but a few dots of black and white on a sheet of paper. I had to use a magnifying glass just to see his face."
I thought of my grandfather's brother, who died in a swimming pool at an early age. There were no photos of him in existence; I'd never seen him. He was less than a few dots on a piece of paper. Shit happens, and your life grows long and hard if you spend time worrying about everyone that way. I said that to Tattoo-guy now.
"Great," he said sarcastically. "Good job Churchill didn't think like you. Or you'd have Mein Kampf on your bedside table instead of the King James Bible. People get fucked all the time, and sometimes it's in the name of law yet they're innocent. Who looks after the weak if people become like you and don't give a shit, eh?"
I was offended. "I didn't say I don't give a shit. Just because I don't blow up photos and stick them on the ceiling to wank over first thing in the morning."
I couldn't believe I'd just said that. Ha. But Tattoo-guy didn't seem fazed by it.
"That photo's so I remember him when I wake up. I think of how Arich had it bad, and in turn that makes me not spend the day in a foul mood about my own predicament. Because he died at age nine and I've beaten him already by eight years."
I was into this now. "That's fair enough. I used to write a to-do list on my bathroom mirror so I'd always see it first thing. But what can you do? He's dead."
"I don't know that. But even if he is, think of this. He died long before you were born, way away in another country. But you now know his name. You know he had wealthy parents. You know he could sing opera -"
"How do I know that? I don't know that."
"I just told you, brainbox. Now you know. You know because of people like me. I checked him out. I felt it was the right thing to do. And I would have firebombed the Germans rounding these guys up if I'd been there. Do you want to die and be forgotten, turned into a few pixels on a sheet of paper hidden in sheets of paper stuck between lots of other bound sheets of paper in a building full of it?"
"So you're some superhero, helping the needy? Why?"
"It feels right. I feel good doing it. I plan to find Arich's remaining family and meet them. What will you be doing while I do that? Playing your Playstation? Shoveling chips for a fiver an hour? The world would go to hell in a day if everyone was like you.
"Yet here you are talking about your girl and punishment and doing what's right, and really you're doing what I'm doing. You're on a mission to hand out justice, it sounds like. I don't think we're that different, if you look closely at what we're doing. We might not be superheroes or murder detectives or bloody Samaritans, but we're good people. And that keeps the good versus bad numbers about even, so that the freaks and lunatics in this world don't multiply out of control and swamp this world."
Now my head was hurting. I wasn't in the mood for deep thinking. Tattoo-guy saw me rub the throbbing area above my right eye, and he put a hand on my other forearm. "People in this world have to help each other. Some are stronger than others. Unhelped weak people crumble. That's no theory of mine, before you start. That's a fact of our existence here on this planet that we call life. If I drop a coin on the floor, I'd need your help to pick it up. Just like you need help with things, I bet. Reading or something, I don't know. What kind of world would this be if no one helped the weak and all the strong people rose to the top without a care? Hitler would have been kind of the planet, for a start. Or would he? Would he have got where he was without a hand from someone influential way back when he was no one?"
"This is giving me a headache," I told him. "Philosophy this early in the morning - not good."
"We'll leave it at this, then. What makes the world go round? Money? Love?"
"Magnetism."
"Justice," he snapped. "What goes around, comes around. Justice. And if you want to be cheeky, then yes, if I want justice for little Arich, or to give his life some meaning, then yes, I am a superhero. Sometimes the weak have to look after the weak. And you can piss off."
We just stared at each other. I shrugged. I didn't want to argue. Physical activity I could do, but not mental exertion, not tonight. I think my brain was rerouting mental power into my muscles, which burned with energy. Surfer-dude's bloody spiked drink, that.
Tattoo-guy shrugged back, turned his chair and moved onward.



"THEY SAID HE WAS SOME RUSSIAN SLEEPER"
Tattoo-guy wheeled through one of only three doors in the entire encircling gallery; it led to a store-room with a steep set of stairs that rose to a hole in the ceiling, uncovered. I saw the night sky through it. Tattoo-guy, wordlessly, went up another rope, this one dangling from a contraption above that looked somewhat like a gibbet. As I saw his legs disappearing through the hole, I noted the irony that for the second time tonight I was about to clamber onto the roof of some stranger's house.
Tattoo-guy was waiting for me in another wheelchair. When I was firmly on the roof, which was flat, he spun his chair and wheeled himself to the low retaining wall, where a small telescope was mounted on a tripod bolted to the roof. A small table nearby bore a bottle of water, an empty orange skin and a plate of stale bread crusts cut from sandwiches. Tattoo-guy enjoyed this spot, it seemed. In the day, I bet it provided a great view over the land. Of course, Tattoo-guy wasn't a day person. I couldn't see far in the dark; what could he wish to view through a telescope at night?
"I live a simple life," he said, somewhat pathetically. "An incident a couple of years ago put me in this chair. That was just a month after my grandfolks left. Today they think I earn good money in Sheffield, which is kind of true. I work for a company with a website. I maintain the website. But I do it from home. I don't know what my grandfolks would do if they knew I was like this, living and staying alone every day."
I stared at him without emotion. I seemed incapable at the moment of feeling any emotion except wonder, impatience, and anger. And in a situation where those emotions weren't usual, I was an empty vessel with eyes that saw but barely registered.
As if realizing that his heart-felt words were wasted, Tattoo-guy's own impatience seemed to notch up a gear. He spun the wheels of his chair and rotated to face the telescope.
"I don't need bloody company. I pay for a woman's touch, makes it no less pleasing. I chat in chatrooms. I watch the hardest porn and the most violent action captured on film. It's all I watch. I have that shit on in the background, loud. Now I'm immune to it all, just like you at the minute. But I don't need some drug to do that. Nothing fazes me now. Come here."
He tapped the telescope, which didn't budge an inch - fixed in place, aimed at one thing and one thing alone. I rushed forward, eager to see. 
It took a short time for my eyes to figure out what I was seeing. It was dark, remember, and I was focusing on a small area of land magnified  I suppose it was like staring at a photo with your nose pressed up against it. But soon I understood I was seeing a fenced area like a pen. The fence was wooden posts with scaffolding bars of some ten feet in length, fixed in an X-shape. Sheep could have slipped out by ducking under where the bars met in the centre of the X, but the pen was not for sheep. One lone horse resided, tied to a stake in the middle of the area. It was chestnut in colour, kind of chubby, with a thick black mane. You could lose money in that mane. I couldn't really tell without much by way of perspective, but the horse looked pretty big.
Someone stepped into the picture, left-side. I recognized a farmer's outdoor clothing: thick jacket, tatty baseball cap, muddy boots. He tipped a bucket's contents into a small trough, and the horse strolled over to eat. The burly farmer took a step back to watch. As the horse ate, he took a comb from his pocket and ran it through the creature's bushy but knotted tail with all the care of a hairdresser attending to a client's locks.
The man was bearded against the outdoor weather and his cheeks and nose were red, as if from a lifetime of supping spirits. He looked instantly dodgy. I wondered what this guy had done to Tattoo-guy to make the younger man treat him as an enemy so - and they surely were enemies, I knew that.
Tattoo-guy started talking.
"Day they were due to leave, my grandfolks drove by my school during break. Grandpa stood on top of his car and waved goodbye. I had wanted the day off, to see them off, but missing school wasn't an option in their eyes. They were old-fashioned like that. Never can make up a missed schooling session, he'd once said. Whenever I was ill, he'd just say that a body learning was a body focusing on something other than its illness. Some crap like that -"
The farmer took off his hat to wipe his sweating head. October could be a hot month these days, with global warming and such. The seasons were messed up. Or not. What did I know? He ran a rough hand through thinning hair and slapped the cap back on. 
"- So, I went home to an empty house, and a meal in the microwave. Microwave chips and peas in a bag. Fucking disgusting. It was lonely. The house was too big. So I invited schoolfriends over. They came a few nights and they drank all the beer I bought for the house and they caused a mess and they fucked off. And each time they came, they brought strangers. Shit went missing, you know. An ashtray. The dog's bowl. The fucking dog's bowl. Fucking klepto-wankers. Take anything not nailed down. Take the fucking nails you nail it down with. Then one day, enough people for a football match turned up. So we had a football match. We played over on Kenner's land -"
Kenner. I figured he was the farmer, the man Tattoo-guy was watching. I watched him now, as he tended to his horse's appearance while it ate. The man looked simple enough, but then what did that mean? Appearances were often deceptive. The way a person will look, sound, and act are minutiae that are composed even before birth, written into the DNA. That's unchangeable. But external forces that attack us outside the womb are not regulated; the people and things we encounter in life shape the entities we become. Thus a frail man with a tiny moustache can become a second-hand bookshop owner with a penchant for origami, or a lunatic dictator with world-domination plans. In other words, I shouldn't assume that this typical-looking guy combing his horse's tail was simple and boring as any farmer should be. Killers have to have jobs, too. And this guy had done something to Tattoo-guy that had put him in a wheelchair in his prime. That explained the surveillance. It explained the anger almost literally buzzing from within, like electricity from a pylon. It explained Tattoo-guy's take-the-offensive attitude towards my situation with my girl's infidelity.
Right then I didn't like where I was. I had the feeling that Tattoo-guy believed he had found in me a healthy, strong, mobile weapon of vengeance.
"- I was aware of him watching us through his window. Nobody knew much about the guy, so of course rumours sparked into existence. He was on the run, some said. They offered identities from Jimmy Hoffa to Lord bloody Lucan. Then they said he was some Russian sleeper, because he was seen one day taking some Dosteyovsky books out the library - English translations, though, which no one seemed to pick up on. And of course there was the old favourite of assuming someone's more likely to be a child molester the fewer friends they have.
"Anyway, I remember the ball went into the pen, where that horse is. You see that horse, don't you? And they sent me in after it. The horse was nuzzling the ball, like he wanted to play. All the girls loved that horse. Someone knew it was a Colonial Spanish Horse, a leftover from the Golden Age of Spain. Very rare. Kenner paid a lot of money for it, and cares for it more than he ever did his dead wife. And then that bloody Farmer comes running out, bellowing about his private property and danger and shit like that. Everyone scattered. Except me. I had this stupid idea. I'd seen people in films when they slap a horse's arse to get it to run. When that farmer climbed over the fence, shaking his fist at me, I slapped his horse, hoping it would go running round the pen and he'd have to forget about me to chase it."
Just then Tattoo-guy rolled forward, bumping his feet into my leg, and pushed me away from the telescope with one sinewy but powerful arm. I staggered away, shocked but not offended, and watched as he put his eye to the tool. His lips moved as he watched the farmer and horse. His upper lip slid back over his teeth in a kind of grimace, then relaxed, then curled back again.
"My back was broken, spinal nerves all battered and shattered. I lay there for hours it seemed, until a local nurse came. She was off-duty, but someone called her from my house. I was conscious, but unable to move. Some of the other kids went on playing when they got the ball back. The paramedics had to park on the main road. Don't know why my grandfolks never built a road out here. Never had a car. Never minded the fucking long walk. They had to put me in the back of a fucking Landrover to rumble me over to the ambulance. The farmer was scared they'd put his horse down. It fucking kicked me. Was like a pair of cannon blasting me. The fucking horse didn't even know what it had done. It just kicked me and went on with its fucking life." His lips curled again. "And it'll never know. Can't tell it, can't show it. There'll never be remorse or regret. Look at it now. My life is fucking over and that fucking horse is eating fucking grass."
And then his head drooped, and one hand came up, covered his eyes, rubbed them. Tears. But this wasn't sorrow that had overcome him.
"I can't bear to know that fucking horse is out there!" he croaked, voice loud yet cracked with anger. "But I can't not watch it, either. Every fucking day I have to come up here. Every fucking day. It's like some drug, and I have to have my fix. I wait, I wait for it to turn and look right at me, to give a sign or something, some fucking indication it knows what it's done and is sorry. Hang its head, whinny, anything. But it doesn't. It just fucking wanders around, eating grass, and that's all it fucking does. While I sit in this fucking chair and"
He moved away from the telescope and reached down. From under the wall, hidden by its shadow, he lifted a rifle, large and powerful-looking, with a telescopic sight. I took a step back, fearing what was about to happen. But Tattoo-guy only lifted the gun to his head and rested his forehead against the stock. He looked comfortable holding the weapon, and I guessed he'd been up here many times, sitting in this very position. Wanting to shoot, but unable to. Scared about reprisals if the farmer found his horse shot to death, probably. The list of suspects out here would be short.
"That animal, he calls it a special name. I can't use that name. It fucks me off when the bad guys in films call their enemies by the surname, offer drinks, all that shit. Ah, Meester Bond! That's not real. I hate that horse so fucking much I can't bring myself to use its name. The thought of it makes me grind my teeth till my jaws ache. I don't know why. I don't know why. And I can't bring myself to shoot it."
I nearly put a hand on his shoulder. But that would have been silly. So I kept my distance and said, "Understandable. They'd know it was you."
"Fuck that!" he spat. "I feel good knowing I could do that fucking animal right now. I don't because I'm scared of what might happen to me." He looked at me, almost pleading. "What if I shoot it and I don't feel better? What if that animal dies without knowing why?"
I couldn't stop myself: "You want it to know why?"
He dropped the gun back into the shadows. It clattered noisily. "But I can't continue like this. I need to move on. And you will help."
I almost laughed. Oh, will I? But I was intrigued.
"Yes, you will," he said, as if reading my thoughts. "You will kill that fucking animal for me. And I will watch. And it will know and it will regret. I just need to see that." He flicked out his hand, grabbed mine, pulled me close. I almost expected him to drag me onto his lap like Santa Claus. "I need to see regret and fear in its eyes, and I think I'll be okay. I'm sure of it. You want to help me be okay, don't you?"
I pulled my hand away. Not because of what he was asking me to do, but simply because he was a guy and I didn't want some strange guy (or any guy) holding my hand like a lover.
"I know how you feel," he said as I backed away. "Your girlfriend. The same anger and hate. You want to see her remorse, too. But you know it won't be enough. It took me two years to come to this decision. You came to my aid just at the right time. Now I can come to yours, if you do this for me. You are on a mission, and you need my answer. You need my answer or you will have deviated, and failed, and will never know if your choice was the right one or not. You need me. You need me to vote. Imagine the pain I feel. It is the pain you feel. Every beat of that animal's heart is the thrust of a knife in mine."
That sounded familiar. Before I could stop it, an image flashed in my head. That guy,  thumping away between my girl's legs. Each thump was in tune to my heartbeat, and each thudding heartbeat made my head throb, until Tattoo-guy's voice was drowned and all I could think about was that bastard forker ex-friend of mine thrusting as if into my heart with a knife, and all I could see was her face, contorted in pleasure given by someone that wasn't me.
I clenched my fists and my teeth. I wanted her here, kneeling before me, so I could unload my venom on her.
But she wasn't here.



"TEN MINUTES LATER"
Ten minutes later I was in one of the small outhouses, looking at weapons.
Of course, they weren't really weapons, just tools that could be used as such. There was a row of hooks containing hoes, rakes, spades, forks. Of these, I focused on the fork. A spade or hoe wouldn't do; unless the blade was really sharp, it would be hard to use it to penetrate a horse's flesh. A rake would do well as a hammer-like object, but the teeth were too short to provide a lethal blow unless it was to the head - and I had no idea just how tough a horse's skull might be. And if it got stuck, the horse might run away with the thing hanging from its skull, possibly dragging me round the pen like a thrown rodeo rider with his arm caught in a strap. That left the fork, which I could use to bayonet the horse while running at it. I imagined that so long as I didn't catch the ribs, I could kill the horse with one thrust through its chest and into its heart.
In a corner of junk there lay a broken scythe. The handle was missing; a ten-inch piece was all that remained with which to heft the curved, rusted blade. That meant a close-quarters attack, which I didn't fancy. Could I swing such a short-handled implement with enough power to sever a horse's head?
A myriad hooks screwed into the bare wooden walls held numerous other, typical tools - hammers, drills, saws. Briefly, I pictured myself with each, standing before the horse, ready to cause it some damage. Most I dismissed as too cumbersome to kill such a big animal with, especially one with hind legs that could put me in a wheelchair. I had to remember that this animal weighed somewhere in the region of 800 pounds.
"Forget those, you're using these," came a familiar voice. I turned to find Tattoo-guy in the doorway. I stared. Use what? He wasn't carrying anything.
Then my eyes dropped to the floor between us, and there they were. The weapons he wanted me to use to kill the horse, whose name I would never learn - at least not from this guy.
"They were mine. The ones I was wearing when it happened. I want you to use them. Don't ask why."
I bent and picked one up. It was a typical training shoe in every way except one. Nike didn't usually stud their footwear with nails.
It was a crude job. Tattoo-guy had used nails of varying length, about ten for each shoe. He'd hammered them through the fabric from the inside, creating a kind of mutant golf shoe. But while traditional spiked shoes limited the spikes to the sole and heel, here they protruded from the sole, heel and the sides and back, and included two six-inch nails sticking forward from the toe. I slipped off my own training shoe and put one on. Through my sock, I could feel exactly where each nail-head was; they irritated my flesh.
"You want me to kick the thing to death with these?" I said as I sat on the dusty wooden floor and tried to slip on the other shoe. There was a mobile phone inside it, which I plucked out and held up.
"I'll watch from the roof. I want you to kick that fucking animal until there's no piece big enough to tear again. We'll use that phone for communication. Wear that so I can see you." He pointed and I saw a fluorescent yellow jacket, like the ones worn by workmen fixing roads. I pocketed the phone.
I tried to walk. It was tough not only to balance on nails at least two inches long, but I had to yank my foot up off the floor with each step because my weight drove the nails' sharp points into the wooden planks. I imagined I walked as might a man on a planet with heavy gravity, or if he'd shat himself. I took the yellow jacket from a peg on the wall. I put my training shoes in the pockets.
Once outside on the grass, it was easier. I still couldn't walk very fast - this certainly wasn't like walking in golf shoes or football boots - but I tried a few practice kicks and found my balance wasn't affected. In fact, I think it may have been enhanced by the solid foothold.
"Are you coming?" I asked Tattoo-guy.
He followed me outside, where he shook his head. "Told you. Going to the roof to watch."
I was fuelled and ready. Thinking back, I don't know what I was planning. I certainly wasn't looking forward to brutally slaughtering a horse with nail-studded shoes, but neither was my mind trying to formulate a way out of this mess. If Tattoo-guy was hanging back here, I could easily have run away. But that wasn't my plan, either. I still like to believe that the good guy in me never would have agreed to such a plan, but that the drugged part of my psyche didn't really know what was going on. But I don't really know.
Tattoo-guy turned away and was gone, heading to his watching post. I had this urge to be at my post before he was at his, so that he could see me waving. So I started trekking away across the field. I played one of the crappy games on the phone as I walked, lifting my head occasionally to chart my direction.



"YOU KICKED MY PAL IN THE HEAD, AND NOW HE WANTS YOU DEAD"
There was the remains of a fence separating Farmer Kenner's land from Tattoo-guy's. By "remains" I meant a curving line of widely spaced wooden fenceposts with nothing between them. Had there ever been a boundary between the two plots of land? Had Tattoo-guy removed it to allow his backhoe loader passage? Maybe this fence was part of the one Axe-wielder had torn through and right now three myriad-mile-long wires were curled up into giant steel-wool balls somewhere.
I shook that silliness out of my head.
A minute or so later the pen holding the horse shimmered into existence out of the dark, then, not far beyond, Kenner's farmhouse became solid. It was much smaller than Tattoo-guy's, and the single living-room window was lit - someone was home. I wondered how much noise a horse might make while being shredded by nails.
The phone in my pocket beeped. home said the illuminated display. I flipped it open, which answered the call.
"In the pictures menu, there's one of me, a close-up. Smiling. Long time ago." A pause. Reflecting on the last time he'd smiled? "Show the fucking horse that photo. I want it to see my face before it dies. I want it to think, Oh shit, it's him! I want it to know why. I want that fucking thing living in Hell and regretting what it fucking did." He hung up, leaving me to wonder if animals went to Hell.
Twenty seconds later, I put my hands on the cold metal of the fence, made as it was from long tubes of scaffolding piping. I could smell the horse from here. It looked at me. I was unmissable in my glowing yellow jacket. I hoped Kenner didn't look out of his window.
I was hyped-up and I was ready. I certainly had the energy to throw a thousand kicks at the horse, rend it molecule from molecule. I hauled the phone, and jabbed the redial button.
"I see you now," Tattoo-guy answered immediately. "That fucker's shy, so go on in there and don't worry about his kicks."
Not the best person to tell me that, I thought. I turned to the cripple's farmhouse, which I could see some two-hundred metres away. I waved, as planned. 
"Don't stand between us as you kick it," he told me. "I want to see. Find the picture of me and rub it in that fucker's face. Tell it who I am."
"What should I call you?" I said, and then started laughing as I realized how funny that question was - bearing in mind I would be talking to a horse. Another piece of silliness came to me: "Hey, since this is a Spanish Colonial Horse, maybe I should talk to it in Spanish, or it might just look at me and think who's this weirdo?"
"What? What?"
"Can you go on the net? Find the Spanish for, 'You must payo, Dago, because you kicked my pal in the head, and now he wants you dead."
Silence. I think he was catching on to what I was leading up to - hell, I was just catching on myself.
"I can't do this. I won't do this."
A pause. the cripple thinking. Then two-rapid clicks. I knew what that was: he was chambering a round in that high-powered rifle of his. It was meant to scare me - but, strangely, it didn't. Surfer-dude's fucking gin, again. I wanted the recipe. 
"I know you know that sound." There was another click, and when he spoke again, his voice sounded a little distant, faded. "That other sound was me putting the cordless phone on the wall. Now I have my rifle in both hands, and both your bollocks in my sights. Kill that fucking animal. Now."
"I only have one bollock. Testicular cancer," I said.
Another pause. Then: "Really?"
I laughed. Then grew serious. "I'm out of this, pal. I'm going home. Nice knowing you. And I already got your vote, Tattoo-guy. You can't get enough of revenge and killing, so we know where you stand."
And with that, I tossed away the mobile phone and started walking. I waited for a shot to ring out, for a bullet to cut my spine in two, but there was nothing. I slipped away into the darkness, not caring which direction I took. The clock on the phone had said the time was closing on one a.m. I still had a good few miles to travel, and needed to be making tracks.



"THAT FEELING OF INCONVENIENCE"
Didn't care which direction I travelled? Twat.
Clouds came in and covered the moon and the stars. Then the land slipped downhill, barely noticeably, but noticeably enough when you were using farmer Kenner's living room light to plot your course. When the black horizon behind me erased that tiny square of light into nothingness, I stopped and sat down. I don't know why. Perhaps I was afraid of getting lost. As things stood, I could have turned, walked back ten feet and found Kenner's light again. With that as a reference, I could return to Tattoo-guy, apologise, go kick that horse to death, get him to give me a lift to the nearest village (as long as it wasn't the one I'd just escaped from). Then I could get a train timetable, buy a ride home, and be in time to confront my girl before breakfast.
Confront? Confront with what? And that was it - logic abandoned me and I was again brimming with anger and jealousy and, worst feeling of all, indecision. I imagined this must be how judges felt when they alone had to determine a defendant's guilt or innocence. When next I came face to face with my girl, I had a choice to make, and it needed to be the right choice. My own sanity probably depended on it. How would I ever face my parents or friends again if I killed my girl and I shouldn't have? I needed to be certain that death was her punishment, because if it wasn't, then forgiveness was. On the flip side, however, I would die of a broken heart and shattered pride if I gave her forgiveness when death was her Fate.
My head was starting to throb again. I got up. The throb became a whine, then a roar, and I sighed. I was reminded of the time I had chased summer flies out of the house and shut the window, only to later discover that one of the pesky little bleeders had remained. That feeling of inconvenience you get, knowing you have another task to do, when you'd already considered that task finished. Know that feeling? I had it now, as the sound of my throbbing head transformed into the chugging beat of Tattoo-guy's backhoe Loader rumbling my way. Last thing I needed was this distraction when time was a-pressing.
I turned to the noise, waiting. Soon there was a white glow from over the hill, and then that glow became a beam of light that waved back and forth as the backhoe loader rose over the crest like a giant black insect rising out of a swamp.



"SURVIVE TILL MORNING"
The beam of light pinned me. I put a hand between it and my eyes, and had a sudden feeling of dj vu. But this had happened before.
"Now I have you, bastard," he said.
"How did you find me?" I asked, and genuinely wanted to know. I was on the verge of getting lost, after all.
"You glow."
I remembered. The fluorescent jacket I was still wearing. Embarrassed, I laughed. I started to take off the jacket.
"No, you can't do that," Tattoo-guy snapped. His tone had a strangely pleading quality to it, as if he thought I were cheating at some game. I tossed the jacket left and immediately moved right. The loader growled, shifted to its right as if to watch the jacket, then with a grunt snapped to the left - my direction - as if suddenly realizing the decoy. But it was too late. The big insect had shown me its flank and I attacked with the speed of a viper. In three steps I was up in the cab, left hand supporting me, right hand hammering on top of Tattoo-guy's head until he slipped out of his seat, preferring the tumble to the ground rather than continued punches. He lay there, moaning, trying to drag his useless legs away from the wheels of the loader. I considered making him flush with the ground.
I turned the spotlight on him. He covered his face much as I had under its glare.
The spotlight semi-illuminated the control panel, which was labeled. Every button and lever had a sticker by it, with a handwritten word or two to explain what it did. I found the ones that controlled the front bucket and carefully manoeuvred it until it was where I wanted it.
I had taken my eye off Tattoo-guy during my playing. I found him some fifteen metres away, covered in mud, and dragged him back by his dead legs. He tried to sink his fingers into the earth, but since he lay on his back this was impossible. I also took his training shoes and left him barefoot. The spiked shoes I tossed away. I didn't want him to worry. I got my own trainers from the pockets of the tossed jacket.
When I began yanking and pushing him to fit him into the bucket, he started trying to punch me and began crying right in my ear. I barely heard. But when he was in the bucket, he froze.
"We're going back to yours, and we're going to talk this through. But I'm driving. Okay?"
He looked at me, fearful. Then he nodded. He seemed to realize what I had planned - to ride the loader with him in the bucket. "Not too high, though. And please don't tip me out." His eyes begged me not to hurt him.
I got back in the loader. I raised the bucket until the boom was fully extended, high above the cab. Then I turned off the engine, took out the ignition key and tossed it away. Tattoo-guy started shouting at me. His voice echoed off the far hills. He seemed to think I was planning to leave him here, alone in the dark.
Dark. Oh yes! I turned off the spotlight, which ran off a battery. All was black.
I stuffed the fluorescent jacket under the seat in the cab, so no one would see it. At a distance of fifteen feet or more, the backhoe loader, painted black as it was, was almost invisible. And with the acoustics way out here in the middle of hills and fields, the sound of Tattoo-guy's shouts would be impossible to track. At least until morning. It wasn't that cold out here, despite being October. He would survive till morning.
I wondered if my girl would be as fortunate. Well, that would be up to the next few strangers I met. The vote was 1-1 in a best-of-5 decision. Out there, somewhere, were three people holding the fate of my girl and me in their hands. Time to get my skates on. The clock was ticking.




"INTO THE GLOOM BOTH WAYS"
I watched my step as I walked because the rain had sodden the soil and small bogs had materialized across the land. Some way ahead, when the angle between the moon and myself was right, the sun's light did a billiard shot off the rock in the sky, onto and off the waterlogged grass, and into my eyes, allowing me to see the watery obstacles ahead. I was wearing training shoes that weren't waterproof, so I did my best to avoid these swampy areas, sometimes detouring widely to avoid vast lakes thirty metres across. But when the lakes and puddles and bogs and swamps, or whatever you want to call them, rolled close to me, the moonlight no longer reflected into my eyes off the silvery surfaces and I found it hard to see where I was stepping, even though the ground was a mere six feet away from my eyes. Everything that didn't glitter in the moonlight was as black as if a layer of obsidian fog coated the land. I half expected the Hound of the Baskervilles to unleash a cry into the night.
Walking with my head down, I almost literally strolled right into a fence. I stopped and stared at the way ahead. Beyond this fence of pale weatherworn wood was a black clump of night that slowly revealed itself to be trees. I realized I had come to the end of the open land, but what lay ahead? A sheer drop at the edge of the world? Or maybe I'd stumbled onto Tolkien's Mirkwood, and inside I'd find Elves and Hobbits.
I took a step closer to the fence. It was chest-high, post and 3-rail format. I looked left and right, seeking a gate or other kind of passage, but the fence zipped away into the gloom both ways. For all I knew, it could encircle the Earth like one of Saturn's rings around that gaseous planet, cutting across seas, diving countries, punching holes through mountains, or scaling them. I softly kicked the bottom rail and wondered if the vibration that travelled through the wood would be felt by some kid on that fence in Berlin; if birds would take flight from the barrier in Peru. I briefly wondered if I should wait here and see if, in half a day's time, the vibration would return to me after a full lap of the Earth.
"Stop being silly," I told myself, and climbed the fence.


"A COUPLE OF LOWLY BOBBIES HAD CAUGHT THE YORKSHIRE RIPPER"
It was so dark in the woods that I couldn't see where they ended until I'd pushed through some undergrowth and literally walked into another fence, stinging my chest.
I stopped, obviously, and put my hands on the top rail, and looked out and down over a sight that warmed me. A town! Buildings and lights and people, and salvation. Towns meant maps, buses, cash machines, life.
The land beyond the fence slipped downhill sharply, terminated at another fence that separated it from a wide but quiet road that curved away to my left and right, arcing away around a long, low warehouse with rows of windows covered by perforated steel grilles. Some of these on the ground floor hung loose, pried away by thieves and vandals, scavengers seeking anything they could trade for blow or a blow. The old building was either disused, or this was a very crime-ridden town to live in.
Around the building's top and side edges I could see the faint aura of artificial light: the warehouse was so long it seemed to block all the illumination from the town. To reach civilization, I would need to go down to the road and trek about fifty metres around the building, but something was putting me off. Town, I had thought. But I didn't know what I would find around the other side of that warehouse, which now loomed before me not as a building on the edge of a town, but as a kind of gate or barrier at its entrance, preventing any further progress. But even that thought metamorphosed before I could judge it: maybe instead the warehouse had no end; maybe where I saw the wall terminate far away in the gloom it only turned, that wall continuing at right angles, turning again another hundred metres away, and again, coming back on itself to create a squared building with at its centre a  what? Was the whole town contained within these walls? That was silly, I told myself. Who'd wall off a town way out here?
I was in the flow now. If not a town, what? What was this place? A prison, perhaps? A whole town turned into a prison built for those who were isolated way out here because their inhumanity was such that they should be kept away from everyone and everything?
That's silly, I told myself. I climbed the fence and started down the overgrown slope. I clambered the fence at the bottom and hopped out onto tarmac. A real road, finally. Immediately I saw litter, which refreshed me. It meant this place saw pedestrians, albeit careless ones. Unless the inmates of the prison were allowed external association time - way out here in the middle of nowhere, what harm could they do? They could be allowed free to roam and kill and eat rabbits or whatever, maybe prevented from escaping past a wider perimeter I hadn't seen by neck braces that exploded if the wearer passed a certain point. That was something I'd seen in films. And didn't the criminal tagging system employ such technology, albeit not as explosive?
Lights to my right, on my side of the road. Headlamps. I stepped back, off the road and onto the pavement. Should I hail this vehicle and solicit a lift? Did I trust anyone who was out around these parts this night, based on my experiences so far? I didn't think so. So I slunk back against the fence and crouched, waiting. And now I could hear the car's engine, which made it more real, and not some creature with giant irises that reflected moonlight. I held my breath as if fearing the driver might hear me over his engine.
The car slowed as it neared and I saw a pale face at the passenger-side window, looking out at my side of the road, and then another face, a female one, in the backseat, contorted with anger, mouth moving fast.
And then the car stopped right in the middle of the road and torchlight washed over me, and I froze like a deer caught in headlights. 
The passenger-side front door opened and a man in dark clothing got out, holding the torch.
"You there! Stand up. What are you doing over there?"
I didn't move. I saw the driver of the vehicle turn to the backseat passenger and talk, waggling his finger at her. She flipped him a finger or two back. With the passenger's door open, the interior light had flicked on, illuminating the people within. One was a middle-aged woman in get-up befitting a lady of the night. The other was obviously a cop. As was his partner. So, the cops really did turn to prostitutes to liven up a boring graveyard shift.
"What are you doing there?" said the partner. I stood up. Cops, in a real cop car. Relief oozed through my veins. Unless I'd stumbled upon the Oakland Riders, I was going to be okay here.
"Nothing. I got a bellyache. Just thought I'd sit down for five." Sure, way out here in the dark in the middle of nowhere, I had decided I'd rest in the street to give my wobbling guts a breather. I could almost smell the handcuffs.
"ID, pal. Let's see if you're famous."
ID? Should I take them back to the little cottage to get it? Perhaps lead them to the village pub and the shepherds who plotted there? For putting an end to a terrorist organization, I might well become famous. That seemed like a good idea, and finally a way to end this surreal night.
"Oi! Stop!" the cop shouted after me as I tore off down the street, and even as I was running, I knew I shouldn't be, especially after my thoughts of heroism. I had a surplus of energy and my muscles buzzed rather than burned. I wanted to stop and explain myself, but at the same time I knew that I could outrun the police and that that was preferable to perhaps spending a night in a cell while the cops tried to work out who I was and what crime might have forced me to flee. So I ran, and I turned off my logic chip so that my survival instincts had full control of my body.
I thundered across the road, onto the side of approaching traffic (there was none, though) so the cop car couldn't come up my rear and run me down. The road and the wall of the warehouse rushed by, and I watched, waiting for the wall to end, which would indicate a corner. Behind me I heard shouting, then the revving of an engine. The chase was on. I knew the police wouldn't stop chasing me, and it wasn't just because it was their job to make sure they didn't lose a potential arrest. In their minds would be the idea that here was their big one, a fluke arrest that would get their faces in the papers, put a stripe or two on their arms. A couple of lowly bobbies had caught The Yorkshire Ripper that way. Maybe they were even now running through a mental list of infamous criminals still at large, because who knew who I might be, eh?
"You'll never catch the Zodiac Killer!" I yelled over my shoulder, and then thought Shit! What the fuck are you doing?
A corner loomed and I took it, my body bolting round the edge of the warehouse a mere half-second behind my sight. Another street ran off ahead of me. The left side was lined with closed shops and businesses built into the same building as the warehouse; the land to the right of the road was open grassland secured by yet another wooden rail-and-post fence. That was my best bet for escape from car-bound pursuers, but I reckoned I'd had my fill of werewolf country for one night.
The street was devoid of people but not vehicles. I hoped the line of cars and vans might shield me from my pursuers.
I passed a chip shop that was just closing for the night. A clock on the wall, clearly visible through the large plate-glass window, said 12:41. Jesus, it was early! Had it really only been a few hours ago that I'd had a smile on my face, love in my heart and an engagement ring in my hands?
I slammed into something, hard.
I reckon I went out for a second or two, because I don't remember the pain, or the fall. I just remember being on my back, looking up at the sky and the pinprick stars. I was outside the chip shop, listening to a motorized shutter descending over the window. There was something large to my right, and then a shape over me, blocking the moonlight. I made out a man, bending over me, holding a bag of steaming chips and peas, which I could smell very clearly.
And I heard the police siren wailing. Why had they put the siren on, I wondered?
The large shape to my right was a truck with a long trailer. The cab door was open - that was what I had run into, a door doubtless left open while the driver went for chips and peas. Of all the luck.
The police car zipped past, watched by the bearded man with chips and peas. He then looked down at me, and I was sure he knew they were after me. He also looked a bit scared, as if fearing I might be dangerous, even though I was dazed and on my back and he was big and standing over me. One wave at the cop car and it would be game over.
When he tossed his chips and peas into the cab and bent over me and put his hands under my arms to lift me up, I was sure it was because he was making a citizen's arrest. When he helped me into the cab and climbed in after me, shoving me across into the passenger seat, I wondered what was going on. When he then started the great engine and pushed me down out of sight, I mentally sighed, thinking, Here we go again.




"LIVING IN THE DARK"
With a noise of rending metal that surely caused damage to the lorry, the driver coerced the gear system into first and the vehicle hauled itself away from the kerb. He spun the wheel, turning the machine towards the centre of the road. My eyes roamed the cab while he ate his late dinner, or early breakfast.
A mug-holder, a mini-TV, a dog-eared book, a road atlas, a reeking nightshirt slung over the back of my seat, and a host of other accruements that made up the moving home of a long-distance lorry driver - oh, and a single-berth fold-out bed above my head. Accordingly, he was fat from roadside diner dishes from the farmyard menu, and breathed like a man snoring. I checked all this out from the corner of my eye, not wanting to draw his attention to the fact that I was staring at him. Already we'd left the police behind, but I wasn't about to be rude and ask the guy to stop and let me out so early. I thought I'd ride with him a while. If things turned funny, as was the norm for this strange night, I was sure I could open the door and bail before he could wrap meaty fingers around me.
"So where you headed?" I asked. He pointed out his side window, and a few moments later tugged on the right side of the wheel, passing it through his hands like a man reeling in a long rope, and turned the lorry that way. It shuddered over a high kerb, bouncing us in our seats, and slipped neatly down a street so thin that the trees lining either side scraped at the vehicle's sides. Coat the leaves in soapy water and we'd have gotten a good clean. As the mammoth vehicle rumbled down this homely street, faces appeared at windows - most of them upper windows, given the late hour - and watched. I saw them but the driver didn't: he was concentrating on his steering, trying to make sure he didn't hit any of the cars parked here.
The street reached a roundabout after a short time and continued onward as a vein compared to the capillary we'd just squeezed down. The extra space either side seemed to comfort the driver, for he ground metal, hit a higher gear, and increased speed.
At the next junction we went straight ahead and onto a wider road. Vein to artery. Here the abodes were bigger and more luxurious, and afforded the privacy rich people often craved. A long wall of brick, some ten feet high and topped with barbed wire, ran along the back of each pavement, broken only infrequently by iron gates that bore not house numbers but plaques with names like Aristotle, Cuba Libre, Fantasia, and which displayed long driveways beyond. And some way past these gates and driveways were rough silhouettes of large houses where butlers and Perrier water resided.
Soon the walls ended and once again I was out in open countryside with a strange man. It was a good ten minutes before we made any kind of contact with other drivers, and that only happened because we'd reached the motorway. The M1. It glistened in the wet night like a giant slug trail that crawled with mechanical ants. The guy hadn't spoken at all in those ten minutes, and I was glad of the extra company of other motorists out there on the road, albeit the company of people unable to communicate with me because of their own mobile metal housings.
Actually the traffic was light this late - or early, if you think of it that way. Mostly trucks like this one, and truckers probably like this one: loners crossing the country. Obviously, these people needed communication with their fellow man while keeping up roaring speeds. All applaud the bright spark who invented -
"CB," the driver said as he plucked his radio from its holder on his sun visor. "Link to the world." He looked at me. "You be quiet, friend, unless you got a handle. And stick to the jargon, no matter how annoying it is. Keeps the brother-feeling between us, and you need that when you can't see nought but road and you're living in the dark. Keeps the black dog away. When people in this world is at their worst. Mine's Coyote. Handle, that is. Pick one quick and be quiet while I rustle up some local souls. Don't be running through no list of words out loud like some gameshow contestant person tryna guess an answer. Cos I won't applaud it like them."
He didn't even have time to rustle up his first soul. The first word - not name, but word - that popped in my head exited a moment later through my mouth as if my throat were a waterslide.
"Avenger."

"GUYS AND GIRLS, GIVING THEIR BIT"
"No real point to having a big dick. It might help out in the bedroom, but how often do people really have sex? And when not in use, that big dick's just cumbersome, just a big piece of meat hanging there, getting in the way"

"- Mr. James lacks respect for authority, it says. He underlined this in his written warning to me, you believe that? This guy was the worst manager I ever knew. And they all say that, don't they? Managers who come across staff who don't accept their titanium-fisted, Gestapo ways of running things - they always use that disrespect-for-authority card"

"- but if the real number of Brady and Hindley killings was in fact nine, then that leaves a few more bodies out there on the moors. Personally, I wouldn't admit to them all straight away, because then you go out of the spotlight. Keep bringing one up every few years, get the media attention back. Well, no need to wait now. I am ready. I have a map of possible burial sites, which I drew -"

Coyote continued to change the channels rapidly, as if he were hoping to find either a voice he recognized or a conversational subject that had some merit.

" -so, girls, we're back on the trail and you know the frequency. Spot the Charm-Mobile, call us here on this frequency, and we'll give you aride!" Two males laughing, their giggling identical, one almost an echo of the other.
Coyote snatched up the handset like a man who knew the answer to a radio phone-in competition.
"Boys, I might just have to spank you for your crude behaviour. Fuggedaboudit!"
"Coyote? The Coyote himself, back on the airwaves?"
"Back? Nooo, always on the airwaves. Just back in your neck of the woods tonight."
"So how you been, Coyote? Still pummeling rich businessmen who cut you up in their shiny German cars, eh? Where are you?"
"Just cruising. Like you. Hey, anyone else out here who wants to chat? Show yourselves, don't hide. Name's Coyote. Got the Tim and Tom Twins here, and a passenger of my own. So, who's about?"
"Dinosaur," crackled an old male voice. "From right here in Yorkshire. I'm eighty-six, listeners. But still a sharp tack. My son's idea for a name, that."
"Cleopatra," drawled a female voice just husky enough to be captivating. "I'm not as old as my namesake, unlike our friend, but I'm no spring chicken, either."
The quiet crackle of empty airwaves. It seemed no one else was listening, or at least no one else was willing to talk.
"Bollocks," said a voice instantly recognizable as that of a kid. Some kid who'd busted the lock on his dad's attic and gone playing with the CB equipment, probably. He was quiet again.
"You any close to the town of Hunhaven, Cleo?" asked one of the Twins.
"You want me to be, love?" 
"Cunts." 
"You anywhere near Hunhaven, Coyote?" 
"Not quite. May be passing it semi-wide soon, though, and I got me a hitchhiker who might get dropped there."
"What's your name, hitchhiker?" 
I took the handset from Coyote's outstretched hand. I tried to think of something to say. Only one thing was in my mind at the minute, so I said that. I told these faceless strangers about what my girl had done to me.
The Twins roared with laughter, then apologized and said what a shitty hand I'd been dealt.
"Women are werewolves, Hitchhiker. Don't fall for their sweet faces, because those faces change soon as you let them into your life. What's your name?" 
"He means your handle," Coyote said. "Never give your real name, Avenger."
"Avenger," I said. 
"Risky for a girl to cheat on someone calling himself Avenger. You love this girl? She love you? Was it an official bonding? Sometimes a girl just wants to break free, you know? And holding her back in such a time is like not letting a baby hawk spread its wings as it gets older." 
"Go Cleo, go Cleo, go yeah, yeah, yeah," a Twin chanted. Their voices were so similar and they never spoke over each other, and I wondered if it was a gimmick - some guy pretending to be two people. The airwaves were a place you could hide the real you and adopt a persona. I felt the urge to do so myself, right now. It was like being able to talk or shout at someone from behind a forcefield - you were untouchable and no one could prove your lies. And playing a character held a sense of daring and secrecy that just felt gooooood.
"Wanking." 
"Cleo talks like one who knows. But I draw attention to her choice of words. Hawk, for one. A hunter, a creature that takes what it wants, no questions. A savage predator. A Freudian slip on her part there, I think."
"Go Dino, go Dino, go yeah, yeah, yeah." 
"Men call us birds. We pick up worms. Do you hate women, Dinosaur? And by the way, women are predators just like hawks, true. We're the stronger sex. I'm sure if I wanted, I could get the Twins there to do anything I wanted. I just have to promise them entrance into a secret chamber. A woman's power."
Laughter and whooping from the Twins, or the lone guy pretending to be two people. Even the dual-laughter didn't sound right.
"I was married for thirty-three years before my own wife left me." 
"Fuggedaboudit."
"Betrayed after so long. You must be sour about women in general, then?"
This was turning into a radio-talk show, and I was enthralled by it. Real people who were out there somewhere, and they were talking right into my head, they were right in my head. It was like a sort of technological telepathy. I started to picture how these people looked and knew I wouldn't be satisfied until I had really seen them. A visual image based on hearing a voice is never quite like the real product. I wanted to see how this Cleopatra differed from the tall, slim woman I had pictured in my head. In there, she was a Joan Collins-type, a socially deprived power woman, cruising the airwaves from a big, rich bedroom in a house lost in the Yorkshire moors. And I couldn't stop trying to edit that image to suit what I wanted. She wasn't a werewolf on my canvas. Suddenly she wore a choker, then her hair was brown, then her bedroom walls were papered in blue, then -
"I have a daughter. She's forty-five. She's been married to this guy for about six years now. Recently - or she only admitted it recently - he's been smacking her around. Bastard. But she won't do anything about it. She passes the cuts and bruises off as nothing - won't deny it was him or anything - and claims that it's her own fault. After a long day at work, he needs his dinner on the table, and if it isn't there. When they got married, she signed a contract to be faithful and loyal to him, so if he suspects she's cheating"
"She's writing his excuses for him. And you hate that. You blame her for being weak?"
"No. I don't know. Maybe. Look, I just think women are far more powerful than they let on. Woman scorned, and all that. I knew a guy who went on a working holiday to Brussels and phoned his wife, and because she could hear a female voice in the background, she wanted to know what was going on -"
"What female wouldn't? That's a tad of jealousy. People do that. Women do that. Men even do that."
"Right, right. Only this woman didn't just moan down the phone, she wanted to catch him out. So she got on a plane and came over, went all the way over to Brussels. I was with him on that holiday, and I was a witness to this. She came to his hotel, knocked on his door, searched the room when he let her in with shock all over his face, and when she didn't find another woman there, she gave him some clean socks and some shaving foam and a kiss and left and went home. After that, I think I was always a bit dubious about women."
"Sounds like you're saying that you blame women who suffer because you think we don't have to? That deep down we're strong and powerful but just hide it away?"
"Hard willy."
"We love women. Women are sweet and scented and cute. I love them all." 
"Sounds like you want a woman for a pet. But according to our friend Dinosaur here, she'd turn around and bite your hand off one day."
"She can bite so long as she sucks a bit first."
"How old are you boys?"
"Nineteen." Another voice next, or the same one disguised: "Twenty."
"As I thought. Old enough to feel the stirring of things in both heads, but too nave to really know what to do with either in such a situation."
"I've had plenty of girls. They call me Cruise of the Shoes, because I'm like Tom Cruise and I work in a shoe sh-" A crackle of static, then silence. After a second or two, the Twins were back.: "Not supposed to say where I work, sorry. Been told off. But just so you know, me and my pal here know all about women, and we know exactly what to do with them. And we'll prove it any time you want, Cleo. We'll tag-team you."
"And what about you, Avenger? Do you know exactly what to do with a woman? With a woman who cheated on you, that is?"
Just then I felt the spotlight on me. I could sense the listeners' eyes on their radios, much as you might look at a speaker if you wanted to hear a song's lyrics more clearly. It was a habit we all shared. I felt that pressure now as if I were really being stared at. But more than that, I realized that this was an opportunity I could exploit. Coyote wasn't in a talkative frame of mind, but his air guests were. I was here for votes and I could get a vote off these guys. There were a few of them, but I could employ a voting system within a voting system, asking each person to cast their vote and counting the majority decision as one strike for or against. The disembodied people inside Coyote's CB would constitute Coyote's vote.
So, I got on the radio and told my listeners that I was headed home now to my girl to have it out with her, and asked what action I should take. The method or manner of forgiveness or punishment would of course be mine to decide later - for now all I wanted was an answer to that simple question:
Forgive or punish?
If I had expected a simple, professional hearing here, I was being silly. At this hour, only the insincere and the lonely are not just awake but awake and bored enough to trawl the airwaves. Asking that question into the air - do I forgive or punish my girl for cheating on me with a friend? - was akin to taking out handfuls of coins and tossing them into the street. People appeared from nowhere, wanting in on the action. I had thought my audience consisted of Coyote, Cleopatra, Dinosaur, the Twins and the Vulgar Kid, but it seemed many others had been listening, and they now wanted to give their advice. Five, ten, fifteen voices, all talking together amidst the crackle of static as each clicked on and off to await my response - but all they got was someone else's opinion. Guys and girls, giving their bit. What thing did the mind get up to this early in the morning? I wondered this after hearing some of their opinions. The females generally took the side of forgiveness, but not all. One young-sounding girl suggested I give her what she called the Punishment of Ten Thousand Cuts. This, she said, was an ancient technique involving tiny paper cuts all over the body, ten thousand of them to be exact. There's something almost mystical about ancient techniques, I reckon. We put a lot of stock in them. Medicine packaging loves to promote that shit - made using herbs grown for a million years in China, that sort of thing. But I think technology today can surpass all that shit. Give me a syringe of fluid rather than a fucking herbal face pack any day. You prefer movies over still-image cartoons, don't you? Prefer your car over a pushbike, don't you? When did you last decide to flame-grill a microwave meal, or send a messenger pigeon instead of texting someone on a mobile phone? Ten thousand cuts? Give me an electrical shock to the nipples any day.
"Avenger, baby, do you know your Roman numerals? New channel. Ex-see-vee-eye-eye. See you there." Gone.
I didn't even have time to be puzzled by her cryptic message. Coyote started fiddling with the channels. When he snatched up the headset, I saw the readout on the CB said 97.
"The Avenger and his driver are back," Coyote said.
"Hello again. Let's give it a moment and see if we have some peace. Dinosaur, you there?"
Nothing for a few seconds, then: "Hello? I went to one-oh-seven first. Forgot the ex. Anyone here?"
"We're here, Dino. How about the Twins?"
"Bollocks."
Coyote laughed.
"I guess that children are more intelligent these days." A low, beautiful giggle from her. It was to this dark night what birdsong is to a sunny new morning. I forgot where I was for a second.
"We can't run all over the channels to escape. What are we here for, to help this chap decide what to do about his girlfriend? How would I know? He sounds young, so maybe it's a new relationship. I was with my wife for over thirty years, until just two years ago. But I married her when I was over fifty years of age. We didn't need to get married and since we had no honeymoon, I don't know why we even did. And I'm too old now to give advice to anyone, especially when I couldn't give myself any advice. I say he should play it by ear."
"Too many cooks spoil the broth, I say. Avenger, do you have a mobile number?"
I did, but I didn't have my phone. And since it sounded as if Cleopatra wanted to talk to me via phone, one on one, I decided I had better get one. Quick. I asked Coyote if he had one and was surprised to see him nod.
Coyote flicked on the overhead light, then bent forward and felt about in the footwell. He did it without looking away from the road, so the light was useless. He sat back with a mobile in his hand, which he tossed into my lap. He flicked off the light again.
"What's the number?"
Coyote shrugged. "Check the phonebook or something. Think you're wasting your time, though. She's moving too quick. Either she's leading you on or after money or something, or she's gonna blow you out soon because she's proved that you're no better'n your girl because you took the bait. Some slimey plan or other, that's for sure."
"Tits and cocks, bastards."
Good idea - about the phonebook, that was. I ignored the other part. I accessed the phone's contacts' menu, found MY PHONE and got the number. I read it out on air for Cleo.
I got distracted for a moment as the truck lurched. I looked up from the phone to see that we'd just left the motorway. A sign flashed by just before I had chance to read it and see where we were. We came to a small roundabout and took the second exit, only to travel down another empty road that was nought but a scar in miles of nothingness. Hard to think of it, but you could get lost and die in places in this country. No place in Britain is more than 70 miles from a coastline, surprisingly, yet out here I almost felt like someone on vast foreign soil, days and days from civilization.
My guests had been talking amongst themselves. I came back to hear Cleo calling for me.
"I'm here, Cleo," I said, liking the taste of her name on my tongue. I also liked the idea that she might be sitting in her bedroom, alone except for my voice.
"That's good, baby. I have your number now. I'll call you. I'd like to help you. Are you up early or up late? Sorry, I won't call you Avenger any more. What's your real name?"
"Wrap it up now, Avenger, time's pressing," Coyote said. He was staring hard out the windscreen, maybe trying to discern his destination or a road sign or something. "And no names."
"I have to go now, Cleo. Will you phone me?" I know I sounded like a teenaged-boy, but I couldn't help it. I was getting fascinated by this woman.
"Are you up late or up early, nameless boy? If you're up late, I may call you tomorrow at a respectable hour. So go sleep. If you're up early, however, I may vibrate your trousers sooner than you think."
I spoke too quickly, without thinking ahead. "I'm not going to bed for a long time yet. I have my ex-girl to see. But I'm free after that for long chatting." And I was aware of Coyote talking beside me, trying to sincerely explain that his phone didn't have a vibrate function.
"Bollocks."
"Then maybe you have the time to make a detour"
Just as my heart started racing, Coyote snatched the headset away from me and took control of the airwaves.
"The man here has business tonight so it's time for him to go. He wanted advice. Anyone got any? Quickly now."
"Yo, yo, Coyote?"
Coyote took the headset. "Guys, finally. Your Roman a bit rusty?"
"Hey, at last. Fuggedaboudit, Coyote, man! We thought you'd all died. What was that ex-see crap? We just had to go scoping all the channels. Just found you."
"Sorry, guys, but you're just gonna lose us. Got business on. But before we go, give my hitchiker some advice. One broken heart, one cheating woman. One question mark. Go."
"Hey, who'd she come home to? Cheating's bad, butain't the end of the world. Just tell the lass she has to atone with a one hour blowjob every morning and night for a month. I'd settle for that." "Me too."
"Women have that deceptive, beguiling power. Like a fly-trap, sweetly scented to draw you in. Like psirens at sea, calling to sailors. Always get their man in the end and sink in those claws."
"Old dude has been short of a wiener-sucking for many moons now, it seems." Dual laughter.
Coyote pressed for others to add their say. I hoped for Cleo to respond, because I didn't care for the opinions of either an old man burned by his wife or a pair of young, dumb, full-o'-cum teenaged brothers. Besides, only two opinions had been gathered, which put the sub-score at 1-1. I needed a deciding vote.
"Well, there we go. This is Coyote, who will see you all later. Out."
And he hung up. Cleo was gone. They were all gone. That left me alone again with Coyote, the big-bellied, big-bearded truck driver. He was the only person in my life at the minute. He, it seemed, would be casting the deciding vote after all.
He took the mobile phone from my hand and threw it back under the seat. That was when I realized that if I was to ever speak to Cleo again, it would probably have to be before I parted company with Coyote. It was his phone number she had. My phone was back at the cottage, along with everything else.
I would have to spend quite a bit of time with this man. Or I would have to steal his phone. I fancied neither option, to be honest.
He seemed to have entered another silent phase, so I left him to it and stared out the window, trying to enjoy the night ride.



"THEY'RE OUT THERE, CLOSE"
After a few minutes driving in complete silence, I said, "So are we nearly there yet?" I must have sounded like some kid who was getting impatient with the ride. Without looking at me, Coyote wound down his window and the air came in loud and cold, whipping up sweet wrappers on the floor and an air freshener dangling from my sun visor and everything else that wasn't fixed or sturdy. But Coyote's thick grey-black beard remained immobile, as if it were not a coarse tangle of facial hair but steel wool glued onto his chin.
Above the banshee-whistle of the wind being sucked into the fast-moving cab, I heard a steady beat of something like music. An image of bongo drums slapped in the jungle by cannibals entered my mind, then was gone as quickly as my logical head could oust it. An imagination I'd honed during drama classes at school - which I'd never really enjoyed, much preferring my own company - could still throw up the extreme, it seemed. 
"What's that noise?" I asked. It really did sound like music, but couldn't be. Somehow, I knew it was remote; this wasn't a blaring radio belonging to one of the infrequent passes another vehicle made on the road. If that had been the case, then that music would have increased in volume as the vehicle approached, or, if the radio belonged to a car that had already whizzed past us, the sounds would have faded with distance, until there was only the wail of the wind again. But no, this beat was steady and constant, and my eyes roamed the countryside, seeking the source. Suddenly, cannibals were a likely culprit once more. 
He pointed out my side window. Because the sound had come through his open window, I had assumed it was coming from that direction. Now I realized my error.
What I saw might have sent shivers down the spine of some Iraq War veteran. Lights way off in the dark, an explosion of green/red/blue, as if two factions battled with artillery out there on the moors. It might be November, but Bonfire Night was two weeks old. But I knew what this was. A rave. And soon after I saw a shape looming up from beyond the horizon, its size immeasurable because I couldn't fathom distance. It was a large marquee, but this wasn't some traveling circus. Certainly animals roamed within, but these animals would be my species, and drunk and wild and glad to be there.
Suddenly I hit the door with my shoulder as Coyote turned the truck. It veered off the motorway at such a sharp angle that I thought Coyote had spotted something in the road that he'd tried desperately to avoid. There was a screech of rubber, the radio-static-sound of loose stones and earth squashed under the wheels and bouncing off the underside of the chassis, and then a screech of brakes. My eyes had kept to the road, perhaps seeking the jaywalking deer or hedgehog that had forced Coyote to veer off the motorway, but now they faced forward again as I righted myself in my seat. The truck had stopped; the engine purred pleasantly, as if the lithe manoeuvre had been no test at all to the mammoth machine, and it was happy to have pleased its owner, like a dog that had performed a trick.
I saw what was illuminated in the headlights: a gate barring access to the land beside the road and a churned-earth path beyond that melted away into the night.
"Grab the gate while I use the phone, willya?" He began reaching under his seat for it. I wondered why he didn't just carry it in his pocket, like any sane person. Then I thought about the word SANE and figured that might be where the problem lay.
Of course, it wasn't an order to "grab the gate." But this guy was the owner of the truck and the guy doing the driving and while I wasn't that eager to get involved with whatever he was doing out here, I was his passenger and his guest and he was asking me to do a quick favour, and I did it.
He wasn't just finishing his call as I clambered back into the cab, wiping gate rust off my palms: he ended it because I had returned. The phone was dropped somewhat unloved back into the footwell and helped under the seat by a back kick of the heel. Either this guy didn't trust hitchhikers, or he didn't trust mobile phones. Who wanted to put a small microwave oven next to their head, anyway?
"Half an hour in here, tops, and I'm done. You're young. You can stay here, or I can drop you a few miles closer to home. I think they're putting on some vans to get people back to the city. You could ride along."
I didn't know what he was talking about and didn't care to find out. I would see him through his business here and we'd be off. I could hear the music and see the lights and that gave me my fill. Tonight was not about celebration.
The truck bounced along the earth road and the suspension in the seats kept our bones together but juggled our stomachs. I put my window down. The music was louder, too loud, and the smell of nature - cow shit, in other words, or maybe just a natural smell of the unmodernised world that cows unfortunately got the blame for - was a bit too much for my buzzing head, but at least I could be sure of not vomiting all over Coyote's interior and his respect.
The tent loomed closer. It was a of a thin material that showed the supporting scaffolding within like bones through the membrane of a bat's wing. The material fluttered in the breeze, almost giving the impression that the storm of lights pounded the tent from within - a ray gun battle from the future. The field the tent had been erected in was freshly-cut corn that glowed yellow in the moonlight, adding to the effect. I started to see vehicles parked around the perimeter of the field, including seven or eight black Transit vans that I guessed the organizers had put on as coaches for the Ravers, just as Coyote had said. I wondered what business he had here. I wondered what influence he had here, too. I wondered if my girl and me would be having sex right now if we hadn't argued - if she hadn't shown me that fucking tape.
The path curved around the field and terminated at an area cast into deeper shadow by a copse of trees that blocked the moon. Here there were parked two nondescript cars and a truck like Coyote's, minus trailer. Figures dressed in dark clothing stood around as if waiting for something. Some guy sat on top of the other tractor unit, playing solitaire or something. There was no gate leading into this open area, but two guys stood where the road abruptly ended and became grass and it was clear these guys were doormen of a sort. There were no Ravers here and these guys were probably the reason why. Whoever these guys were, all of them, they were waiting for something and it wasn't the right song to dance to. I didn't want to get involved.
I saw one of the "doormen" wave someone over. A guy came jogging into the glare of the headlights, waving at the truck in a gesture that I guessed meant cut the lights. Before the headlights flicked off as Coyote cut the engine, I saw that the waving guy was Chinese or Japanese - a Mongoloid for sure. I couldn't help but think something was dodgy here. Now I really didn't want to get involved. But I had this urge to know. It felt like the urge I might get to look down if I walked past a sitting woman in a low-cut top - not so much the desire to see the show, but the desire to avoid missing it.
Coyote slapped my shoulder. I looked at him. His eyes were dead serious, serious enough to get the message across without words - but he fortified that message vocally anyway:
"This might take some time, Avenger. You're young. Hot girls, loud music. You should go check out the rave. Right here I gotta see a man about a dog." He grinned. Many dogs.
I looked out the passenger window. Since my side was grimy, I leaned closer to Coyote, so I could look out his polished half of the windscreen at the tent. The wind ruffled its sides, while from within it pulsed with lights of green and red and blue, like a giant beating heart belonging to some netherworld monstrosity. Accordingly, that heart beat with the thud-thud-thud of dance music. Did I dare enter the belly of that beast?
Coyote opened the glove box and pulled out a half-bottle of whisky, which he thrust under my nose, waggling it as if he thought I could smell it through the glass container.
"Bit of ego, Avenger?"
No, I had had enough alcohol tonight. Besides, Surfer-dude's wonder drug was firing emotions I didn't know existed. I felt as if whole new cubicles and corridors of my brain had opened, and I didn't want to risk some kind of mental injury by assaulting my head with whisky. My fingertips and eyes were beginning to tingle a little; it was unnerving yet not cause for worry. I burned with static energy. It made me think of those fighting games where the character powers up and unleashes a temporary burst of super ass-kicking. I thought I might just be able to kick the door off its hinges, hop to the sodden ground like a ninja, and streak across the field as fast as any cheetah. But I also felt that, like the character who has powered up, my power would dissolve after a short burst, leaving me weakened beyond normal and vulnerable. Better save it, I figured, and opened the door with the handle, just like a mere mortal.
"If this finishes early, I'll wait for you," Coyote said. "Till two o'clock. That's half an hour. If you pull some wench, don't bring her here. The missus has a nose for pussy better'n mine. Okay?"
I nodded.
"Go have fun and don't care about what's happening here, okay? Do that and all will be fine. Go, Avenger. Go put another warm body between you and your girl, or something." 
So out I got. I dropped onto the wet grass with a slap and aimed myself at the music and the lights. Even eighty metres out from the rave, people were grouped, drinking and dancing. They'd set up little islands of two, three, four and more. I got the urge to cross the soggy land and weigh anchor at one or more of these islands. I'd get to know the people, the worlds they inhabited, and then would move on. Of course, tonight I didn't really trust people, so I didn't bother. My body buzzed with an electricity that needed discharge. The music seemed to draw me closer like a germ to an antibody. I even started to jog as I got within ten metres and the music vibrated the ground, shivering water off the tops of grass blades.
Two doormen parted as I approached. I wondered if my face, contorted as it must be by the drug buzzing through me, unnerved them, making them decide to let me through rather than risk what I might unleash their way if refused. Or maybe they didn't give a shit until trouble started.
The tent was big. There was a DJ's station at the back; tables stocked with drinks and manned by staff ran round the inside perimeter. The rest of the floor, which was completely covered by polythene to protect against the mud, was where people danced. 
This dancefloor was filled like the carcass of an animal attacked by maggots. Intensely sober and analytical, I watched unfolding this slice of life from a disorganised segment of ordered society. As the scene disintegrated, people started shouting, laughing, stumbling, groping; drinks fell, people fell, intelligence fell. Two girls in short skirts attempted to breakdance on the dance floor - which was just linoleum nailed or glued to wooden boards - much to the delight of four guys trying to jive to the music while lined up arms-over-shoulders like a team of rugby players in a scrum. When one of the girls tried to backspin and popped the zip on her tight top, displaying all, one of the guys fell laughing and dragged the other three down in a heap. Near me, a woman was shouting at her boyfriend who was so drunk he lay slumped over the table with an ashtray for a pillow. Two guys in another cubicle were betting money on their arm-wrestling match.
Suddenly a fight broke out. Two guys went down, tugging, elbowing, rolling. As if a bag of shit had dropped out of the sky, everyone close moved away in disgust, and a clear and vast space was accorded the combatants for their ungraceful duel. The music thumped to each grunt and punch, the lights washing them with green then red then blue. With Steven Spielberg to oversee, it might have been a powerful cinematic moment, instead of a scary and embarrassing event.
Fuelled by so long a wait for such an occurrence, two bouncers thundered across the club; they seemed to take the path of most resistance just so they could elbow people aside for added effect. These burly men in black tore apart the duellers and dragged them away. Seeing a toad snatching a fly with its long tongue is no more impressive than that display, and to me the faultless execution of the removal of those two idiots was proof of the superiority of a sober mind over one incapacitated.
Moments after, the cavity vacated by the fighters filled and the laughter continued, and the two guys were forgotten.
That was a terrifying moment for me, I must admit. Not the fight itself, but how the club as a whole seemed to discard the snafu mere moments after it was over. Here was one collective mind intent on getting back to its fun, like a reading man distracted from his book for a second by a rap at the study window by a wind-blown tree branch. The outside world was forgotten here; there was no outside world. I started to feel like a man whod walked into a lions den. I felt as if these people with their alcohol had descended to a new level of consciousness that I floated above and as a result they would sense me, abhor and alienate me. I was an alien in this world of detachment; I was a spaceman still connected to his ship, not lost out in space. The music pounded and the lights pulsed between bright and dark, giving everyone the appearance of robot-like movements, like in a movie shot at 10 frames per second - although the freaky thing was this effect didnt make these people look cumbersome but lithe, fast, like vampires. Flash, flash - a guy strolling to the bar was there in three flash strides. Dancers arms hammered and flailed as fast as anything Id seen in a Bruce Lee film.
And that horrible whiteness. Under the ultra-violet lights, everything white gleamed as if a TVs colour had been turned up way too high. White shirts stung my eyes; teeth seemed to hum like neon, turning the most beautiful smile into some evil cackle; exposed bra-straps lent girls a glamorous quality that instantly put them out of my reach, and a darkly seductive demeanour that made me distrust their intentions here tonight (I thought of that story about women who lure men to a house where they are drugged and later wake missing a kidney).
My fingertips began itching again. The power in me buzzed like a pylon in the rain. All the bouncers in the world couldn't control me if I unleashed. Knowing this, I relaxed, and the beating music took over me until I was sure my heart throbbed in tune to it.
I stopped as the music suddenly ended with a scratch as of a needle being yanked roughly off a vinyl disc. In fact, everyone froze. 
"Power cut?" someone ventured.
"Lights're still on, twat," said his unforgiving friend. And he was right. Blue and green and red beams still cut through the air like giant light sabers from Star Wars. 
"Cops," some girl said. "Lights will go in a mo." She seemed privy to info the rest of us didn't have. "Yeah," she continued, nodding like one of those plastic dogs people put in the back windows of cars to make the drivers behind fall asleep. "Sergeant Vinyl's never been caught."
Sergeant Vinyl. That sounded like the DJ, the prat up on stage. He was dressed like a soldier: combat fatigues, heavy black boots, and a black beret. He had a wireless microphone tucked into his belt. Currently, he and some pumped goon were trying to wire up a TV up there in the DJ's station.
The stage had been decorated to mirror the DJ's image: netting strewn with branches and leaves to create camouflage, hinting at speakers and a mixing desk hiding within. Around the interior of the tent were amplifiers also wrapped in netting. It was basic, but the charade worked. Though I didn't doubt that Sergeant Vinyl's closest encounter with the army and war might have involved hardware called a Playstation.
I pushed through the quiet crowd, almost gagging against the sickly smell of alcohol and sweat, trying to get up close to the stage to see what w as going on. The TV was hooked up now and static played. What was this shit? I wondered. Was sergeant Vinyl about to try communicating with ghosts through the white noise?
Some big guy blocked my path and I slapped him on the back. He turned.
"What cops?" I said to him, but it only earned me a puzzled look.
"Cops are coming," said some small girl engulfed in shadow down by his side. Sister or lover, I briefly wondered, and nearly asked her. "Got a van out there, ain't they? As a "
"Decoy, innit?" the big guy said, obviously having realized what I was talking about. His accent was Liverpudlian thickened by alcohol into something almost alien. His early sneer had melted into a cheesy grin, of the sort worn by a cartoon bad guy after a slug over the head. I looked above his curly pubic-like head of hair but saw no birds or stars. A gentle giant, maybe like Lenny from Of Mice and Men.
Sergeant Vinyl had the TV up and running, but still there was that static. But he seemed satisfied. The heavy he'd had help from was gone, off to patrol a door or something, and Vinyl had his left hand around his microphone and his right out over his head, palm flat, rather like a lazy Nazi salute. I figured he was calling for a silence he already had.
"Quiet as church mice, now," he whispered into the mike, which put his voice out through a bunch of speakers and thus voided the whispering. I wanted to laugh - this tough-looking soldier sounded as camp as any gay guy parodied in a Carry On film.
"Let there be dark!" he called, throwing both hands out now like a man calling to God. Whatever God-like power he might think he possessed was displayed now as, instantly, all the lights went out. Bar one, that was: the TV.
The image on the screen flickered and became recognizable as something shot by a small video camera: the wobbling picture and hissing sound were unmistakable. I was reminded of that forker the fucking forklift driver's camera, the one that cut me like a blade. My heart jumped. I almost expected my girl to appear on screen, fucking lord-knew-who next.
But the location shown onscreen was no bedroom, it was a field. Dark, obviously, since this feed was live. A voice said something nobody caught and the camera turned. There was a small open-backed truck parked in this field, with some guy sitting on the roof and smoking a cigar that burned brightly enough to clearly illuminate his face. When he saw the camera, this young, handsome fellow waved. The original speaker said something else, louder this time and probably directed at the guy on the roof, because he quickly spat on the glowing end of his cigar, tossed the cancer stick up and kicked it away into the field. In two seconds, he had slipped off the roof and into the cab, neatly passing himself through the open window.
The voice spoke again. I caught only three words: "time" and "cops" and "lesson", and when I added those to words such as "decoy" and "caught", I knew what was going on here.
The camera turned. It shakily showed two guys climbing onto dirt bikes, one guy doing so as he played on his mobile phone (based on his rapid key-pressing, I guessed he was sending a text message). In moments these guys were speeding away through the night, headlamps off, rear wheels tearing up the sodden earth.
Jerky-pan back to the van. The vehicle jumped closer as the cameraman jogged towards it. Then the screen filled with shapes and grunts as the guy climbed up into the open-back while still trying to film everything.
A large amplifier sat in the back of the truck, tied down with rope, sat on by another guy who held the back of the cab for support. The camera shifted to then show a cardboard box, about two-feet by two-feet. And another guy sitting by it. This guy was no more than a kid, with a nose that looked as if he had it routinely broken every day. He was dressed in dark colours like everyone else. They all wore black berets, I noticed - a uniform of sorts. This was Sergeant Vinyl's crew.
A crackle of roars and static as the truck came alive. Then it was shuffling unsteadily across the field, jostling its occupants. The guys sitting on boxes found it funny. One guy tried to stand and ride the truck's flat bed like a surfer, but as the vehicle gained speed and the ride became more unstable, he gave up in a fit of laughter and grabbed something to keep from being expelled.
Some guy was jostling me from behind, probably trying to get a better view. I turned and pushed him. Nobody saw him fall on his ass and no one helped him up; instead the space he'd vacated directly behind me was quickly filled.
When I looked at the screen again, new things were happening. The truck had found the road, which meant the picture was steady. The guy sitting on the amplifier was texting on his mobile phone, maybe conversing with the biker who also had a mobile phone. The guy by the other box was opening it. It was full of trays of eggs. And this played to a dance soundtrack that was very loud, so loud it made the TV hiss like a pit of snakes.
Nothing happened for a short time. Sergeant Vinyl kept a commentary going. He stood there by the TV with his arm laid across it like a man with an old friend and he told his audience that things were hotting up, shush now so they don't hear us, this should be fun, get ready, shush now. And the tent felt quiet. Two hundred drunken, stoned dickheads all crowding a TV, silent as mice.
Sergeant Vinyl put a finger in his ear. An earpiece, I realized. Now I saw a thin stick of grey by his mouth - a microphone, too. This guy had it all worked out, didn't he?
Now he put that same finger in the air, as if to say LISTEN! And we listened as, from afar, a cat's purr evolved into an engine's roar, and all heads turned in its direction for a moment, as if people could see right through the tent and way out across the land, to where the flat-bed truck was coming our way.
On screen, the camera panned to the open field. People cheered as they saw their own rave tent on screen, just a small shape at this distance of about two hundred metres. Vinyl silenced them again, cocked his ear, and put that finger up again. Two hundred heads leaned two inches closer, as if scared that some sounds might dissipate before covering those final few centimeters.
The wail of a police car's siren was clearly audible.
The car entered the shaky picture from the left, soaring into view with lights flashing, moving dangerously fast because night and open space dulled a person's sense of speed. It was behind the truck and catching up rapidly. Voices from off-camera grew agitated; there was an engine roar, and the police car stopped growing bigger in the picture as the truck accelerated, matching its speed.
A few Ravers in the crowd whooped with glee, but Sergeant Vinyl silenced them. "They're out there, close, passing by like an enemy U-boat in a World War Two Pacific battle. Ssshh."
I wanted to giggle at the man's silliness, but I couldn't take my eyes off the screen. I felt pulled towards it, as if the glass screen were actually a porthole between outer space and this world and a vacuum was dragging me closer. I put a foot out front, adopting a boxer's stance to aid balance. I still felt that weight on my front, as you might if you leaned forward almost to the point of overbalancing.
"Here's the bikers, here's the bikers," someone nearby chanted. I had the sudden feeling that this guy was talking about more members of that Yorkshire chapter of the Hells Angels, The Shepherds.
Two dots of light appeared, one each side of the road, way behind the cop car. Engine noises grew from faint to loud, and now the two off-road bikes were in the game. They caught up quickly The cop car beeped its horn at the bikes as they veered off the shoulder and onto the road, as if the driver didn't think they'd heard the siren or seen the flashing lights. The bikes cut in front of the cop car and slowed down, forcing another honk from the law-enforcement vehicle. The truck started to pull away again.
I found myself pushing through the crowd, headed for the stage and the TV, and the going was easy. I moved as if pulled by a traction beam, or was floating downstream, and when I tried to stop myself, it became as tough to do so as halting against a current pushing me from behind. The porthole pulled me.
Oi. Hey. Watch it. Bleeding Christ - I ignored those I pushed aside or whose toes I stood on. I ignored the big guy on stage who came towards me as I began climbing the mock-camouflage. I ignored everything except that TV, that other place on earth that it showed me, that it promised access to. 
I was on stage, watching through the screen. I was remote viewing events outside the tent, and I felt special because of it. What a weapon, to be able to see the enemy despite walls and corners and distance. I knelt before the gateway, staring. The big guy in the beret had decided he was close enough, but he was casting his voice out like a fishing line, trying to hook my attention:
"Hey, pal, you can't come on stage. Get off, or I'll get you off. The Vinyl One sees you, and school's gonna be in, and it's lesson-time."
I could handle a few lines or the dunce cap, I figured. The gateway showed that the guy who'd been sitting on a box in the back of the truck had started lobbing eggs at the cop car. The bikers had cleared a space for the eggman, but it was dark and his balance was diluted by the movement of the truck and he was probably a bit drunk or stoned and he was just throwing far too hard, and some of the eggs were missing their target, flying overhead, disappearing underneath and off to the side, and even pelting the bikes, making them swerve and wobble. But enough of the unborn chicks
(- that thought was only in my head a moment, but it towed an image not splattered yolks and placentas but maimed and crushed little yellow chicks all over the police car malformed talons shrieking against the metal bonnet as the wind dragged them off into the night fighting against the windscreen wipers as the blades arced like boxers' punches and repeatedly slammed their heads popping their eyes as their bodies flattened between tarmac and spinning discs of treaded rubber -)
found their target that soon the cops had no visibility through the windscreen - eggman recoated the windscreen quicker than the wipers could scythe it clean - and were forced to slow down. The bikes slowed with it, but kept a safe distance ahead. One of the riders waved at the truck as the bigger vehicle pulled away. I put my hands on the sides of the TV, glaring at - through - the gateway. The camera jumped more wildly than before, and I figured the truck had left the road for bumpier ground. Eggman came sprawling across the screen, trailing a grunt and a lateral hail of eggs, which smashed all around him - a smear of yolk in the shape of a quaver was printed on the camera's lens. Laughter from off-screen - the cameraman, probably.
A few seconds later the camera stopped jumping and I knew the truck had stopped, lights and engine off. Hiding. Sure enough, here came the bikers behind moving wedges of light, leading the cop car onward, past the place where the truck had exited into the grass and mud. Engine noise faded and died, replaced by whispers from people around the camera. It was too dark to see much.
"Mission accomplished," someone said through the gateway from wherever they were. Someone else moaned about eggs, then the screen went blank as the camera was turned off.
"My boys will take the police far away," Sergeant Vinyl told his audience. Everyone cheered, except me. I fingered the screen, slapped the TV, trying to get the picture back. But how silly was I being - the doorway at the other end was closed. This marvel of earth-based wormhole technology was now switched off!
"Bedtime for you," the big guy standing over me said as the lightshow recommenced and the music blared once more. Oh, I'd forgotten about him. Now that things were back to normal and I was clearly visible to all, especially his boss, it was time for the bouncer to earn his keep.
The meathead came close, put a meathand on my shoulder and gave a little squeeze. Why do big guys do that sort of thing - squeeze your hand or arm or something to show their strength? I could see this guy's power in his thick shoulders, his overhanging brow that could keep the rain out of his mouth, and hear it in his steroid-deepened voice. But I had power, too. His was thunder, big and slow and rumbling like a truck, but mine was a flash of lightning in comparison. I stood, spun out of his grip, planted both hands on his twin-airbag chest and pushed. He danced backwards, trying to find his feet, not unbalanced but simply trying to cope with moving at a speed he wasn't used to. By the time he'd slowed (a good few metres' stopping distance, these big guys) and gotten his bearings, I was gone. As I moved through the gyrating crowd, I saw his head sweeping the throngs, seeking me. Rather than be conspicuous, I danced my way to the exit, head weaving like Mohammed Ali's, arms waving in alien sign language, just like everyone else.




"BUT NOOOOOOOO"
 An unnerving sight awaited me back at the truck. I saw something was wrong from way out, some fifty metres, but could no more stop myself moving onward than a spaceship without thrusters. So I drew close, my anticipation and apprehension growing with every step. And with every step, I saw a little bit more, understood a little bit more, much as you might increasingly recognise a picture the more jigsaw pieces you put together.
I saw smoke, first, and realised that someone had lit a fire because it was cold out here - this was November, after all. I would have to tell them about the presence of cops nearby. If they saw the fire, it might make them forgo chasing the bikers to God knows where and return to check this place out.
Jigsaw piece in place. The smoke was fireless, and it wasn't the thick smoke that flame creates, either. This smoke didn't rise high into the sky, it just kind of existed in a bubble around the front of Coyote's truck. Not smoke but steam, steam that was coming from the radiator grille. I could see that it was dented and buckled as if from a heavy impact. But the truck was in the same place as before, which meant any impact had been by a moving force.
Jigsaw piece. A dark shape in the dark air grew dimensions, until I recognised one of the black vans, tipped on its side about fifteen feet in front of the truck.. It seemed obvious that the van had smacked the truck. Coyote had obviously concluded his business here, but some kind of accident had occurred when his partners were leaving. With headlamps off, the black van would have been invisible in the dark. Easily done.
"Coyote," I called out as I got within twenty metres, but that was when I stopped - instantly, I might add. Whatever had been pulling me along had stopped me. The guiding hand had sensed possible danger, too. From this distance I could see that the truck's long trailer listed like a sinking ship. I looked carefully and saw another of the black vans, this one by the truck's rear, with its crushed front end slotted between the ground and one set of the truck's rear wheels, which caused the trailer to lean like a drunken man half-asleep against a pub wall.
Jigsaw piece. When the first van had hit the truck, it had knocked the larger vehicle backwards, riding it up onto the second van's bonnet, crushing it. But where was everybody? Nobody seemed to be attending to the accident, and surely everyone here was in a hurry?
"Coyote? Chinese guy?"
I was here. I stood between the truck and the first van, listening to the hiss of the truck's radiator as it voided boiling water. It was slowing now as the volume of water decreased. This accident hadn't happened long ago.
Jigsaw piece. The first van had a ravaged flank, but no damage to the front. That suggested it hadn't driven into the truck, but had been driven into by the bigger vehicle. And any ideas that Coyote hadn't seen the black van in the night were wrong. If the van hadn't hit the truck, then when the truck had moved backwards into the second van, it had done so in reverse gear, with Coyote driving. Now, suddenly, this simple accident scene looked as if two vans had tried to bookend the truck to prevent it moving. And Coyote had tried to ram his way free, until lodging the truck's rear up on the squashed bonnet of the van at its rear.
Something had gone wrong. A chill tickled my neck.
"Avenger!" came a shout. Coyote, from somewhere over near or in the trees. "Don't just stare, gimme a hand here."
Stare? Could he see me? I couldn't see him -
- and then I could. By the trees, waving at me. Surprising myself, I jogged over.
He was kneeling just inside the shadow thrown by the trees. I stopped a few feet short of it, still in a puddle of moonlight and fully exposed to him and the four guys he'd met here. But those guys weren't looking at me. Face-down on a carpet of fallen leaves, they couldn't. My god, I thought, he's knocked out four guys single-handed.
"That's right, they're dead," Coyote said, nodding. "And I didn't need no gun like these bozos. He tilted his body to free a leg, extended it and kicked one of the dead guys in the head. "I might have let them live if they'd not pulled a gun." He looked into the sky. "Yeah," he told the air, "regret pulling it now, don't you? No gun and you could have gone home to the wives with nought but headaches tomorrow. But nooooooooo."
Despite my shock, I said, "You're looking the wrong way." And I pointed down at the ground, towards Hell. Coyote looked at the ground, too, and laughed, once, like a guy who experiences a moment of humour but quickly remembers the shit he's facing. His face was serious again. 
"Ground's too hard, almost frozen. Can't bury them, anyway. Too many to bury in one night."
So, no accident, then. Not here a case of self-defence gone awry, resulting in death. Such an event might have preceded a wave of tearful guilt and a long drive to a police station, there to unload a confession. But this guy wanted to erase these four pieces of evidence. I thought he could maybe leave the bodies where they lay and hope the police drew a blank after they realised they couldn't locate all two-hundred of the Ravers here tonight. If nobody had seen his truck arrive - and despite its size, the Ravers might have been too pre-occupied with drugs and dancing to do so - then he was home free. But Coyote didn't seem to think so. I didn't think it was paranoia, either: I started to believe that the bodies, once identified, could be linked to him. Corpse disposal is, after all, the domain of the calculated mind.
"We'll have to clear this area," he said. "Help me."
Help him cover up four murders? Risk my own freedom just to get his vote?
"Okay." I said it before I fully realised I had planned to.
Coyote got to his feet. I heard his knees pop as they took his great weight. He brushed dirt off his ass. "There's keys for the vans in these guys' pockets. You check them and bring the first van over here. Put these guys inside, then run it on round the back of my truck. We've only got a few hours before sunup."
Hours? How slow a worker was he? I didn't ask. I bent straight over the dead guys and fumbled in their pockets like a cheap robber. I found only one key and nothing else - no money, no ID. The key was long and thin and sharp, like a little screwdriver. Was this some hotwiring tool? As an afterthought, I checked each unconscious man for a pulse, and they weren't unconscious men. I shrugged it off with surprising ease. 
"Got it," I called out, but Coyote was gone, off to do his own thing. I looked over at the tent; the rave was still going strong. And it might do so until long after sunup, but that didn't mean that with the coming light Ravers wouldn't come out for a piss or a secret shag or something. And then they'd see everything.
I picked the nearest van, jogged over, slotted the key in the door. It opened. They key slid in the ignition just as comfortably. The engine coughed into life and growled like a little dog sensing a trespasser in the back garden. It had an automatic gearbox, which was good because I hadn't driven a vehicle since my dad gave me control of his in a supermarket car park on my 16th birthday, backhoe loaders not included. I didn't think there was much chance of crashing this one into some lady's loaded trolley, though.
I whipped the van over to Coyote. He told me to turn it around and back up, which I did. If he'd thought the job would be made easier by doing this because he wouldn't have to heft the bodies along the length of the van, he might have been right - but it took me two full minutes to spin the van on the hard, pitted earth because I kept stalling it and had trouble shifting into reverse, and I was sure he could have relayed the four bodies, like a contest strongman stacking Atlas stones atop barrels, quicker. Back, he moaned after I thought I was in position. Back, back man. And I shuffled that van back and back until I thought I might hear the squelch of a head being crushed under a wheel. Only when Coyote called me and I got out to help did I understand his tactic: shrouded in shadow thrown by the trees, we could load the bodies in virtual darkness.
We started with the two heaviest and the going was fairly easy. Then our muscles started to burn and the going got tougher. We had to sit the Chinese guy in the back of the van with his legs over the edge as if he were resting, so that we could rest.
"Sure the mind turns fucking solid or something after death," Coyote wheezed. I wondered if this was his way of explaining the extra weight these guys seemed to have acquired. I was holding the dead guy up by his chest, just sort of balancing him, but I must have pushed slightly, because he fell back and slammed his head on the metal floor, hard enough to send a great bong reeling across the open land (a brief image flashed in my head: the Rank Films opening, that half-naked guy striking a gong, which I always associate with the Carry-On Films that I so-loved to watch as a kid). I sucked in a loud breath through pursed lips, much as you might if you saw someone trip or slip and hurt themselves. Of course, the Chinese guy wasn't hurt by this bang.
I lifted his legs and tossed them inside, and was about to close the doors when Coyote grabbed my shoulder and started literally trying to urge me into the van.
"Go in, get the bodies to the back, stack them up, make room."
Sounded as if he meant, Get in the truck with them so I can lock you in and go dispose of all five of you.
"They're fine," I said, pulling away. I kicked one door shut and without putting my foot down extended my leg, hooked my shoe around the other door and slammed it shut, too. I faced the bigger man. Coyote had lost that lucid sparkle from his eyes, the gleam that didn't share the years of his body. I knew that he sensed in me a power that - maybe - he had discovered in himself many years ago. Or a knowledge of power. I pictured Muhammad Ali meeting Mike Tyson with the same feelings. The nerves - what little nerves remained, anyway - drained out of me in that moment. The expanse of my world blew out like the Big Bang that created the cosmos, until it had encircled the world and all it contained, making it my domain, my slave. I knew in that flash second that I would never again be unnerved or intimidated by anything or anyone in my future, no matter how far I travelled, or how deep into the shady world of people. And some dark field in Yorkshire, bodies or no bodies, was nought but a walk in a familiar, comfortable park.
"You're hiding something from me. What?"
He gave a blink that answered my question. At least, it told me that I was right. I repeated my last word again, but took the threat out of it.
He turned and walked and I followed. To his truck. "Gotta ride it down off that bloody van," he told me, then did it. The noise of it - the van's bodywork creaked and rumbled as the mammoth truck rolled down off its crushed front - was tremendous, but all I felt was a sense of having to delay our work here a few moments should the sounds carry far enough to bring gawkers, be them inebriated Ravers or cops. At least there was room in the van My world, remember.
The truck was undamaged except for a few scratches, so the rear doors opened easily, swinging slowly apart to emphasise the mystery of what lay within. The darkness inside did not conceal as well as it should have.
The first thing I thought upon seeing the truck's cargo was that I might have vastly underestimated Coyote - my second was that this didn't necessarily mean I wasn't still his equal, which meant I had also underestimated myself.
"That's right, they're dead," Coyote said, and I took his word for it this time, because I wasn't about to check for fifty pulses.



"FINGERS CURLED AROUND THE WIRE DIAMONDS"
In 2000 a statistic was published: 175 million people live outside their home country, including some 12 million refugees. The greater number, of course, choose to do so. The rest flee in fear, be it from the outbreak of war or a natural disaster that had ruined homes or any number of other reasons. Sometimes these people slip legally through the tight knot that is immigration law; other times they pay some illegal trafficker or spirit them away. Trafficking routes these days are so widespread and complicated, the number of smugglers always rising, that it is becoming easier and easier for a person to find a way to unofficially leapfrog borders. The business is run by rich men and women who sit atop an empire much as any CEO might straddle a successful legitimate firm, enjoying the rewards without ever seeing what goes on way, way down the ladder. For every Bill Gates or Jack Daniels, there are myriad lowly workers in the company that the big boss doesn't ever deal with. I thought of Coyote as that kind of grunt. He might not know the ins and outs of the operation, and he didn't need to. In this case, all he needed to know was where to pick up his trailer and where to deliver it. He pulled in to Blackpool in his truck in a car park near the sea. Some Chinese guys loaded a trailer onto his truck and told him where to take it. The deal was that he would deliver the trailer, wait while it was unloaded, and return it to the owners. And for that he'd get six thousand pounds. A lot for just half a day's driving, sure, but not much when compared to the money reaped by the planners of such things, who charged almost as much as Coyote's pay packet per head. And when you considered that the truck held almost fifty people, each paying a high figure to be smuggled into England
I stared into the truck and I knew that there was a sight worse than fifty dead bodies - and that is fifty dead bodies that don't seem to be dead.
Smuggling people is like packing for a holiday. You want to take as much clean clothing and other items as you can carry, but who wants to lug ten suitcases around? So you cram as much stuff as you can into as few cases as possible. Same here. Why have ten trucks out there when you can have just five, and thus halve the risk of capture? So you load as many people as you can into each truck, until you can barely get the door closed. 
There was a wire-mesh fence at the back of the truck, used for making sure cargo didn't fall out when the doors were opened. The fence was chest-high to a man. I stared in revulsion. The scene was like something from a zombie rock concert - dozens of gaunt, slack-jawed bodies crammed together so tightly they continued to stand even in death, pressed up hard against the fence so that the top rail gouged deep into chests and arms and heads. Above the rail floated torsos from the young, the old, male, female. Bodies remained upright, but dead necks didn't, and heads hung like wilted flowers, tongues dangling, eyes blank. Below the top rail I saw mostly a jumble of legs, some clothed, some not, the ones not grimed with shit and piss and dried sweat. But hidden amongst this tangle of limbs were a few smaller bodies, obviously belonging to children who had fled with their parents or been kidnapped and sold into slavery or prostitution - big business. I saw faces pressed against the wire-mess so hard it cut into the flesh, fingers curled around the wire diamonds as if death had arrived while they fought for freedom. And each face was frozen in a mask of agony, suffering, lost hope. It seemed to me that death had been a release for these people, and they had paid - in some cases - their life savings for it. Well, they do say that the only thing worse than dying is dying with money in the bank.
"They didn't connect the air-conditioning to the trailer," Coyote said from behind me. "That's foul." So they'd died in a sauna, basically. Unable to move, their screams heard by no one as the truck roared along roads, engine masking all sounds. Had they already been dead by the time Coyote had stopped for chips and peas? Surely he or I would have heard their cries - or low moans, if by that point the end was nigh - in the still night back at the chip shop? Or had the police car's siren covered the noises? It was too much to consider. And it was the past. We had to look forward; we had to plan our next move in relation to these dead people, who, I tried to convince myself, were no longer suffering.
"So we need the vans," Coyote said. "If they have people watching, people who might be there with telescopes -" he pointed towards the light show "-then we can't be seen driving the trailer away without the vans. The deal was I wait here until the vans have gone. That was before they opened the doors and saw the bodies, of course. I swear I had no idea they'd all died."
"Where were the vans taking everyone?"
Coyote looked a bit nervous, as if he didn't want to let me know how much more he really knew. For sure this guy hadn't only been given driving instructions. I even considered that he might be one of those high-up guys who don't mind getting down and dirty, like a boardroom executive who would help in the mailroom if someone was off sick. How deep was this guy involved? Certainly he didn't exhibit the shock you'd imagine from a man who'd just discovered fifty dead people in his truck.
"The Shads split them up afterwards, so I don't know. These aren't well-off people, here, so I imagine they're mostly workers."
"Slaves?"
Coyote laughed. "Not slaves, no. Wrong century, mate. And slaves don't get paid."
"Prostitution, then."
"Some, yeah. But not forced. Why would a fucking doctor need to hide in a truck, eh? It's cash-in-hand labouring for these nobodies or it's other kinds of work. Or it's back to the gulags or whatever. No work permits in any of these pockets."
"Just piss and shit at the minute," I said with distaste.
"Yeah, well, they didn't connect the air conditioning, did they?" He shrugged. Not his fault. "We gonna move these guys or leave them here, or what, Avenger? Help me with this, I tell you what you should do about your missus. Eh?"
It seemed people put a lot of faith into how important I considered this whole voting thing. First they'd thought I would sit back and watch a terrorist attack. Then they believed I'd kill a rare horse. Now they thought I'd dispose of a horde of dead people. What next?
"Who are the Shads?" I asked. I had changed the subject for a good reason: Coyote's offer had sounded pretty good. My girl was in my head again, having appeared at the mention of the word MISSUS, and now she wouldn't leave. My girl became my girl naked, who became my girl naked in bed with the forker the fucking forklift driver, the man who had put a spike in my heart. My eyes were open, but I began to see them both in my vision, superimposed over the grinning behemoth Coyote, so that all three seemed like ghosts. Not good.
"Shadow Wanderers." Coyote hawked and spat on the ground. "Famous underground clubbing unit, aren't they. Set this thing up here."
"Sergeant Vinyl, he one of them?" I asked. I turned my eyes to the night. It didn't erase the image of my girl and the forker fucking, but at least they weren't now having a threesome of sorts with Coyote.
"Nah, that twat just does the odd show. Is it him tonight, then? I like that Deejaysus Christ guy better. He does stand-up comedy, too. Much better."
"So how's this all work? Tell me and I'll help you." There, a deal on my terms.
"This place is just cover in case the cops come or they've been following one of the trucks. They send undercover guys after us. I thought you were one till you ran straight into my door. Scared you, didn't I? Woulda snapped your neck if you had been. Chased by the cops like that, you were either one of them setting something up, or some guy who wouldn't be missed. Scared you, eh?"
"Not any more," I told him coldly. "Night's getting young. Talk."
Coyote wheezed, impatient. "The people in this truck, they're just a slice of life like out of anywhere, Avenger. Same as you'd find in the airports here, trying to fly away from their problems for a week. Some of these guys will go on to live decent lives. Some will suck dick for money, some might get fucked over because they've got no rights here. That's it. Got enough material for your book yet? Can we get to work?
He took my arm and squeezed, hard, and it fucking hurt. For a moment I was scared again, then I was free and Coyote was fishing for something in his pocket. He extracted a key, slotted it into a hole in a panel at the back of the truck and pressed a button. A hidden tailgate slid into view from beneath the trailer, quietly, and when it was fully extended it whirred downwards until it touched the ground. Coyote hopped aboard.
"You look like a strong-enough chap. You must be, to have those balls." He gave me a look. I knew he was not scared of me in the slightest, but was enduring my attitude because he needed my help. I should have been scared, but I wasn't. I didn't know why. "This is how we'll play it. I'll unload, lay on the ground. You load up into the van. I bet we can get twenty in a van. We'll load as many vans as we need, then we'll take them one at a time. I don't want anyone to see us leave. If they see two vans leave, they might assume the deal's done and come on over, or follow us. This way, maybe we can swing out of here without being spotted, go dump these bodies, come back, go again, do that a few times, finish the job, go our separate ways."
"What's your way? These guys will be after you."
"You want me to worry about tomorrow when I have problems tonight? What good would that do? Buy myself a Tahiti flight and have the plane leave with an empty seat because I'm dead? You need better planning than that if you hope to kill your missus and get away with it, Avenger. Besides, I am untouchable. Let some idiot try."
"That's not what I'm planning," I said with a pout, like a tough kid who's been accused of doing something girly like knitting.
"Don't matter. This does. Reverse that van on over here. Get it up to the tailgate here so I don't have to discus-toss them in."
He seemed to have it all planned. "Where are they being dumped?" Surely he didn't have that worked out, too -
"Fuck!" Coyote bellowed suddenly. He roared like the bear he resembled. The tailgate rumbled like thunder as he launched himself off it with surprising grace for a big guy. He landed with a heavy thud beside me and before I could turn a shocked head he had my arm again in his thick fingers. I felt him dig deep. I felt the blood flow become restricted. He started ranting in my face, but I looked past his wild eyes to my hand, which waved in the air as he shook my arm. I half-expected the fingers to swell up like the end of a balloon that is being squeezed, to burst and spray blood everywhere.
"Stop the fucking questions, or for Christ's sake you'll go in the van with these pricks. You get me caught, you get me kicked out this country, I'll come back and wipe your family from history. You hear me? I'll eat and shit out that bitch girl of yours. I'll burn every kin you got. I'll wipe my arse on your birth certificate. I'll maim anyone anywhere who's got your fucking picture or signature. I'll knock amnesia into every fucker who ever remembers you or your entire fucking family. You got me?"
He waited for an answer. I just glared at him. I dont know what emotion was on my face, but it made him smirk. Let me tell you a little story. You mind?
I shook my head.
One day at school we were asked: Who is the most powerful man in the world? The answer, as you may know, is the leader of the free world, as his people call him. He is the President of the United States of America. Today, as I write, that man is George W. Bush, and Bush hadn't gotten where he was through dishing out pleasantries.
Well, that day, I was a fifteen year-old who didn't quite buy that answer. The President? Back then it was Bush's Dad, also a George. But I'd seen that guy. He was elderly, perhaps frail - where did his power come from?
Well, hes powerful only because he commands other people with power. But his Joint Chiefs of Staff are old men with no physical power of their own, not any more. But they command generals who command soldiers who wield power only through weapons built by technicians who have no real physical power of their own. Looking at it this way, you might say the most powerful man in the world is the man who can beat any other physically. Or another way is to say it might be the man who has the most ability with weaponry - and in that case, who would win in a one-on-one battle? Thats the part that fascinates me - which single man, which one entity, without help from anyone else, wields the power to defeat any single other? And now think about people you know and their capabilities. Could be your Uncle John is a mammoth man with bear-like arms, capable of crushing anyone. But maybe the guy living down the street is a lion tamer and with his talent with a whip could kill big Uncle John before the mammoth got his bear arms within ten feet of him. Now before you blurt names out, think carefully. Dont count some cop with a gun, because someone else made that gun and someone else gave it him. Unless he created all the raw materials and constructed that weapon himself, he doesnt count. Im talking a theoretical world of every man for himself. A world in which nobody helps anyone else except if theyve been forced to, in which the only government is one ruled by a man who rewards those he enslaves through fear of harm, and who in turn do the work of the big boss by forcing others into action. I'm talking about a single mind in a single body, wielding enough power to enslave the world.
If the Secret Service abandoned George Bush, where would that leave him? He'd be an old man with no power. I bet even my frail granny could knock him on his ass. That's not power. Power is a state of being. It cant be seen, cant be fathomed. I dont look  like much beyond a typical fat bastard truck driver, but you shouldnt underestimate anyone. Never underestimate a calculating mind beneath two legs to carry it and a pair of hands to do its bidding.
He let go of my arm and the feeling returned, but with it came more pain. My arm tingled from the restriction of blood flow. I shook it. Both tingled. I shook both. I shook them so hard and fast that I watched my whizzing hands with awe, especially when they became whizzing fists. Then I put them by my sides, much as a soldier might let his rifle hang loose after cocking and checking it to make sure it was ready and able to destroy life. I felt the weight of my arms as if they were alien. Shoulders, too. Chest, back, legs, neck, mind. I still buzzed and no pep talk was going to change that. I remember grinning at him then, remembering his words about a calculating mind and hands that would do its bidding.



"LOTS OF DEAD ANIMALS"
We worked like good little workers. I got the van in place and Coyote opened the gate so we could begin loading. He started with the people who fell through the gate once it was opened, but soon after that, when a space had been cleared wide enough to allow Coyote to pass through the gate and into the back of the truck, he pushed and pulled at arms and legs so he could find all the bigger males These, he'd said, would be harder to move if left till the end because we'd be drained of strength. Thus we'd leave the kids and smaller women till last. But it was hard going all the while because some of the bodies were showing the initial signs of rigor mortis, with a neck here or arm there frozen in an awkward position. Soon they would all be as immobile and hard as plastic toys.
I used to collect low denomination coins as a kid. My dad would permit me to raid his pockets  he would toss his trousers on the bedroom floor without emptying the pockets - when he returned from work, or the pub, or the shops, so long as I touched no notes and nothing bigger than a ten pence piece. When my piggy bank was full, I'd upend it and scatter all the money and begin stacking and counting it. This was a slow process at first because I'd hunt for all the tens, then all the twos. This was where the process speeded up, as the amount of coins dwindled and it became easier to see the pennies and the fives because they contrasted.
At first the going was slow here, too. I leaned against the tailgate, waiting for Coyote to haul out the dead men. It was very dark in the truck and I could see only moving shadows, hear the occasional grunt as he tugged and yanked and, sometimes, kicked and punched and swore, as he searched the piles of flesh for male bodies. There was a battery-operated light in the trailer (I could see the battery housing and the switch on the inside of the trailer wall), but he didn't want to expose what we were doing by turning it on.
After about thirty minutes, I closed the van doors, having to push hard against the weight of a guy's legs. I breathed a sigh of relief.
Coyote was looking at me funny. I raised my hands in a gesture of surprise.
"Don't concern yourself with who dies when and why and where, Avenger. That'll just give you a headache. Don't wonder what some of these people did to deserve to die, because maybe it was nothing. There was a philosopher who lived some years back, and he came up with a theory that covers it all. It explains why people who live good lives die early of cancer or whatever, why people who mind their own business get shot in the face or run over by drunk drivers. And that theory is simple and short. Shit happens. Memorise it, repeat it."
I just stared at him.
"So the next time you want to pray to your God, don't bother. Take the time to practice some punches or a speedy escape over a fence - something that will help you in life. Because it don't matter how many kids you help across the road or how much you donate to Oxfam. If you're in the wrong place at the wrong time, you might get a blade in the guts for nought more than trying to mind your own business. Okay? Now, you drive, I'll direct."
"Where are we going?" I knew he planned to dump the bodies. I just didn't like the fact that he wanted me to drive - that would keep my hands tied up and his free, and it made me wonder why he would want it this way. I hoped it wasn't so his hands could wield something else, and that mine wouldn't be there to shield my guts when I was minding my own business
He didn't answer, just nodded for me to get in the van. I did. I sat there and lurched with it as Coyote dragged his great bulk into the other side and settled in the passenger seat. He didn't seem to have much room to start swinging fists, if that was his plan. I relaxed a little.
"Head on across this field. There should be a track that leads past a farmhouse and a waterfall. Go."
I followed his finger through the dark, away from the rave and from the path that led out onto the nearest road. The land sloped uphill, but the van made the journey smoothly, easily, making me think it had been modified for off-road driving. Even the heavy load we carried didn't seem to affect us. When we came to a perimeter hedge that was in need of trimming, Coyote pointed again and I slipped the van through a gateway that had no gate. There was a bump, as if we'd dropped off a kerb, and suddenly we were on another track. It was made of flat, hard-packed earth, smooth as tarmac. It ran off into the dark left and right.
"Go right," Coyote said. "You'll see the house. Go left."
The van was sideways on the road, which made manoeuvring it a bit tricky, but soon we were on our way, making good speed along the track some fifteen metres behind the spot where the dipped headlights lay on the ground. The track was littered with dead animals, maybe from the passage of other vehicles whose drivers hadn't dipped their headlights, or hadn't thought twenty-seven miles per hour was hair-raising enough through dark twists.
"Lot of dead animals," I said to break the silence.
"Minding their own business. Slow reactions. Too busy eating, I bet."
Coyote didn't have the kind of belly that permitted a man to complain about another's eating habits, but I didn't say this.
A few minutes later the track forked. To the left, the track headed away through a sudden explosion of trees, while the path that continued straight ahead seemed to point right at a two-storey whitewashed wood house that contradicted itself by appearing to be flimsy as paper, like flat-packed home that came in a box with assembly instruction, but at the same time old and timeless, as if it had been standing here for a hundred years. It was the sort of place kids would dare each other to walk past at night (not that kids came this far out of town alone).
"Left," Coyote grunted - I reckoned he felt the van slowing as I lifted my foot from the accelerator, because he wasn't watching the way ahead.
Some way down this left fork, which wasn't so smooth and flat any more, the trees smothered us and what moonlight there had been was no more. Now just the headlights lit our way, but it almost felt as if we were boring through the earth, the headlights two rays of extreme heat that blasted a passage ahead of us. This lasted only half a minute, though, about long enough for me to start to wonder if we were about to lose ourselves in a giant forest. Then the trees ended, the milky light from the moon was back, and the track showed its end.
It terminated at a gate set between two roughly-hewn spherical boulders each about the size of a medium-scale snowman without the head or the stick arms. We had found ourselves at the end of the land, with only this small gate as a barrier - no fence connected to it. Ten feet beyond the front of the van, the ground crumbled away and fell to a river that was wild but too small to be that dangerous. It frothed moonlight-white in places, but I didn't doubt that a good swimmer could pull himself free before he got carried too far away.
Almost directly below us, running right to left, was the waterfall Coyote had mentioned. It was steep but not sheer: the water tumbled down, it did not cascade. Rocks jutted out, which cut the water into frothy forks that instantly reassembled before being sliced open again. A strong man could climb his way up that waterfall on his hands and knees. A lithe man could maybe dance his way up using the dry tips of rocks that poked up. Only dead men were going into this water, though.
"Turn the van round. Make it easier to get them out."
My God, he was being serious. He was planning to roll fifty dead bodies down the sharp bank and into the surging river. (Strangely, the river didn't make much noise, as if Mother Nature had decided that it was a waste of resources to create sounds this far from civilisation. I bet if a tree had fallen, it would have done so in silence, in accordance with the old saying.)
The van was turned. We were at the back doors and I was ready to open them. Coyote put a hand over the hand of mine that grasped the door handle.
"Say the word, and I'll kill that friend of yours for you. With pleasure. I'm always on the move. No one would suspect or ever find me. Say the word."
I didn't know what to say. I would have enjoyed life for a few minutes had I heard that the forker was dead, but only a few. After that, I reckon I might have been overcome with guilt, maybe even sorrow. I had come to understand that the forker was no longer my friend, but I could not blame him for the damage to my heart. It was my girl I was in love with, and it was she who had cheated on me. The forker had been the instrument, that was all. No bullet had ever been given a life sentence.
"I don't think I want him dead," I said, and I guess something in my tone or my eyes made it final. Or maybe Coyote sensed the raw, buzzing power in me. Whatever it was, he didn't press the question.
We got to work.

 

"IT'S JUST AN OLD COIN"
Back at the Rave site, I parked the van in preparation for round two.
There were three guys left, then we started on the women. Coyote was quicker with these, and even had time to fluff up their sweat- and shit-coated hair and give his opinion on whether he would fuck them or not - a game I refused to join. The immigrants were a mixture of mostly Mongoloid and Caucasoid, with a few negroids. It was the black women that Coyote fancied the most, and these he seemed to take the most care with. The Chinese ones got the roughest treatment, not that they felt any of it.
So fast was he working with the women, they started to pile up on the tailgate because I couldn't drag them off fast enough. Each time I grabbed a pair of hands or a foot or a head or a fistful of sweat/piss-sodden clothing, another dead body would land on top of the one I grasped and I would have to reach for that one instead. Soon the pile was too high and I shouted for him to stop.
"You work like a girl," Coyote told me as he came to help. "Stand aside."
"Why?" I wondered what he planned. 
The thunderous boom of heavy boots, further weighed down by living meat and gravy, plodding fast across the steel floor of a truck. He rammed the pile of bodies - about eight of them on a shelf of metal five feet by ten - like a rugby player tackling an opponent. The bodies shifted and slid and those on top tumbled off the pile to thud into the ground where I'd been standing two seconds before - I had to jump aside when I saw what was happening. Coyote pushed and kicked and tugged and soon all the bodies were knotted on the ground like wires left in a drawer, or some Hellish game of Twister.
"Great!" I moaned. Until then I had been sliding the bodies off the tailgate and into the van, using gravity and a swinging motion, but "Now I have to lift them."
"Pussy. Bring another van over, park it beside that one."
Mere minutes later, two black Transits were parked side-by-side with their asses facing the back of the truck. I was lifting and shoving dead women into one, while Coyote was literally throwing kids from the tailgate right into the back of the other van. His aim was good, but sometimes a tumbling body caught the doorframe with its arms or legs and dropped to the ground. Once he even misjudged his aim vertically and the body of a ten year-old white boy with old bruises on his neck and needle holes in his forearms went skidding across the roof of the van, down over the windscreen, where his grimy jumper caught on a wiper blade. He lay there, face pressed against the glass, no breath to mist it. There was a soft clatter of metal on metal. Coyote perked up like a cat that hears a dog bark.
He leaped out of the truck, pulling something from his jeans' pocket. It was a bunch of keys including penlight, which he flicked on. Intrigued (I was the nosiest sod in the world - another side effect of Surfer-dude's drug. But wait! Side effect? If everything I had been feeling tonight was a side effect, then what exactly was the strange drug supposed to do? What might it be doing to my internal systems right now?), I followed him around to the front of the van, where the kid lay on the windscreen, petite nose bent against a windscreen wiper. Coyote sliced the penlight's beam through the grass around the front of the van, finally bending and picking something up. He lay it in his palm under the light like a celebrity on a stage.
It was an old coin with a hole in the middle through which fibre had been fed. A necklace, probably of sentimental value. The immigrants had carried no belongings except perhaps what they could hold in their pockets or wear around their necks.
Coyote's eyes blazed. "It's just an old coin," I said. "Worth nothing. You'll get the best value from it in a condom machine."
Coyote put the coin around his neck. He put the light in my eyes. "I was told they don't carry anything. But some must have hidden little things, little keepsakes. Something that must be worth money, or why bring it?"
I followed him back to the place where van and truck bared their asses at each other across a four-feet gap. "You mean like a lock of mother's hair? Grandfather's false teeth?" He shone the light into the back of the van, and for a horrifying moment I thought he was going to want to start hauling the bodies out so we could search them. The smell of shit and death was overwhelming even out here, and I wasn't about to go trawling through it so this big truck driver could find himself a few foreign pence and some useless trinkets.
But then he turned the beam to the truck. It didn't illuminate much inside the black cavern of the interior. Just five or six shapes that constituted the last of the once-living cargo.
"We have no time for this," I said, but Coyote ignored me and clambered up into the back of the truck. I moved closer. He flicked on the interior light and in the moment before I scrunched my eyes shut, as he had done before flicking the switch, I saw five children laying dead. I had found myself staring right into the withdrawn countenance of the child closest to where I stood - a girl of about six who lay dead on her side, with long hair that had been tied in a bun before the journey but which now had come partly unravelled and lay thick with sweat against her neck and shoulder. She wore rags, which heightened my sense of shame and horror.
I kept my eyes shut, but I could still see that little girl's glowing face, just as you can see the afterburn of an image of a lightbulb on the insides of your eyelids. I turned my head as if I was not seeing an image but the real thing through my eyelids, but the face was there whichever way I turned. I could hear Coyote's boots clang across the trailer floor, then shuffling sounds as he moved bodies, rifled clothing. He cursed. I heard a heavier thump and hoped that it hadn't been the noise of a heavy boot hitting flesh, but I knew it was. I figured he hadn't found anything and was annoyed at that.
I opened my eyes and found myself facing away from the truck, staring out at the Rave tent, where the party continued unabated. When I closed them again, I saw the girl's face once more. Afterburn.
"I bet we could find someone to buy some of these bodies," Coyote said, hopping down from the trailer. "Come on, let's get this finished." 
Minutes later we were back on the road, taking the left fork, coming upon the dead end and the waterfall. Coyote had been twiddling a rabbit's foot in his fingers the entire journey. Another trinket snatched from a lifeless owner  so not a lucky rabbit's foot, then, at least not for its first two owners. As we exited the van, he dropped the rabbit's foot and kicked it away with his own foot before it landed. It pissed me off that he had taken something he hadn't really wanted.
"Turn the van," he told me. Just like last time, I did as I was told.
Sixteen people we took from the van. The girl was there, of course, but when we got down to the children, I pushed her away and reached for another.
Coyote was grinning at me. "Got a hard spot for her, eh? Go on, do it. I'll wait. Hell, I'll hold her for you so she doesn't lie like a sack of potatoes like all your other girlfriends."
I took a young boy's legs, ready for Coyote to take the arms so we could swing him and use his momentum to toss him into the river. Down below, the bank was littered with the bodies of the heavier dead, those we didn't have the power to throw all the way to the water. Some of the smaller women we had managed to throw as far as the waterfall, but these had stuck there amongst the rocks. Slowly they were being dislodged by the rushing water. But if they didn't all come free by the time we were done here, one of us was going to have to climb down there with a stick or something and pry them loose so the current could take them and spread everyone out a bit. We didn't want a whole heap of them tangled in the same place, because that would make them easier to spot. They'd look like some freaky water feature, with water pouring into mouths and out of noses and eyes, and hands flapping in their air. 
"I'm going to jail forever," I told myself. I must have paused in my movements, because Coyote yanked the kid from my grip, lifted him high overhead and threw him down and out. The body crashed into the water with a crunch as of bone breaking. The sound that followed was Coyote's machine-gun laughter, and that sound was worse.
And so I could push her aside no more. The little girl was the last one to go. Coyote yanked her out, held her as a ventriloquist might hold his dummy, her limp legs bent across his raised thigh, and faked a little girl's voice.
"Sure you don't wanna fuck me before I take a bath, big boy?" He used his free hand to try to move her head. He rolled his eyes at my face of disgust, turned away, and lifted her high, ready to throw.
At last it was over, done and dusted. After this last body, we would go our separate ways. I would be glad to see the back of Coyote Whateverhisrealnamewas. I closed my eyes, waiting.
I didn't feel the horror or shame or shock anymore; instead I felt a strange sense of surety, kind of like the feeling you get when you are lost but sense the correct way ahead. You don't fully know what lies down that road, you just know it would be wrong to go the other way.
"Wait," I said. I let the afterburn image of the girl's face linger on my eyelids for a moment long, then opened them, banishing her into the cellar of my mind until next she chose to rise.
Coyote turned. He was still holding the semi-limp girl over his head. He grinned. "Wanna shag her after all, eh?"
Her dead but open eyes stared at me much as they had from inside the truck, under the bright light from the truck's trailer. Her face was pale, very pale, but into that paleness there crept darkness, dots and patches of it, and suddenly her face was not flesh, not even dead flesh, but paper, dots on paper, a matrix of black and white dots blown-up to enormous size. And now it wasn't much different from the face of Arich, the boy in the photo that Tattoo-guy owned. And she wasn't much different from Arich in another way: young, persecuted, seeking refuge but finding only death. Because of Tattoo-guy, I had come to know that Arich had existed on this planet. I suddenly wondered how many might come to know of the little nameless girl because of me. I had a real urge to learn her name, but Coyote didn't seem to care about such things.
A breeze blew; it seemed to stir whatever was buzzing inside me, so that it coursed through my veins briefly, making me shiver slightly, as you might shiver if a cold breeze washes over your sweaty torso. I thought of video game superheroes all charged up and shivering with power.
"Put her down," I said.
He just looked at me, puzzled. But then he didn't look puzzled any more, he looked sure, just as I had looked sure a moment earlier. That, I knew, was the look of a man having a sudden realisation, maybe a glimpse of his Fate. I knew that I wasn't a bad man and that like most I liked to help people where I could. To not like to do that was to not be human, I believed. Those who looked out for just themselves were missing something integral; they hadn't bridged that evolutionary hurdle that gave a person a sense of bonding and purpose and a need to progress at the side of his fellow man. People who hadn't jumped that hurdle didn't click with other people, and consequently they ended up alone, adrift in a world they didn't fully understand or really even like. People like that preyed on others. People like that had problems making relationships with others.
I had been tricked/coerced/beguiled/hypnotised. And drugged. But I knew now I was not meant to be here. None of this was helping my cause. I wanted away.
Now I understood that look in Coyote's eye; I knew his own realisation. He had become aware of the fragile bond between us, kept afloat only by my own lack of understanding as to what the hell was going on in my head this strange night. And now that he knew of the weakness of the bond, he saw that it could never be strengthened. In time, it would shatter.
He dropped the girl to the ground. He looked at me with complete understanding. He spoke with an intelligence that surprised me.
"I can't let you go, you know that. What you know about me and my activities, that has to die here. I suppose it was my own fault for picking you up when I thought the cops might catch you near me and get me, too. I guess I should have known at the time that when I put you in my van, I was sealing your fate." He looked almost sorry. He took the coin from around his neck, swung it by the twine. "I'll give you a head start. Run. He launched the coin and twine ten feet into the air, straight up. His eyes followed it -
"When I catch this, I'm coming for you. "
- but mine didn't. As he stared up, I threw both hands at his chest, hard. He staggered back with a grunt that carried all his breath out of his body. He tripped, fell, tumbled, rolled, bounced, splashed. Five seconds after I had decided to push him into the river, that river had carried him away into the darkness. After all our adventures together, he was gone just like that.
Oh, and I caught the coin as it fell.

"HAVE FUN WITH THE REST OF YOUR LIFE"
I drove the van back to the area where Coyote's truck and the other vans were parked. I had returned for one thing, one thing that would help me come to terms with my situation way out here: Coyote's phone. I surveyed the area with an eye to cleaning it up, getting rid of all the vehicles, but decided against it. I had been here too long already and the sight and smell of the place was killing me. The throb of music from the rave didn't help, either.
I went to the cab of Coyote's truck for the phone and was glad to see that it was new and had the apparatus I wanted. I also noted that the screen showed a message informing me I had missed two calls. I didn't recognise the number, but the 077 prefix meant it was another mobile. I wasn't going to risk returning the call. 
I also found a 20 note neatly folded to the size of a postage stamp and blue-tacked to the back of the driver's sun visor. I took it, put it in my shoe, and returned to the van.
A few minutes later I was back at the waterfall. I left the van about fifty metres away, shrouded in darkness, in case someone had happened upon this place since I left. No one had. I approached the little girl's body slowly, feeling nervous. I knew it was because I liked this girl, and the dead bodies of those we like are hardest to look at. Nevertheless, I turned her face to mine and lifted the camera. I took a photo of her using the flash and didn't care who might see it.
When I tried to save the picture, the phone asked me to name it. I thought for a whole minute, despite being where I was with bodies all around, before coming up with: Little Nameless Girl. It made her sound about as sorry and pathetic as possible, thus highlighting my desire to find out who she was and maybe even find her guardians, if any. I had her picture, but just to be thorough I took her hand and pressed her finger onto the interior screen of the phone. The print was clear. 
The phone suddenly beeped again. The same number, but this time not a missed call: this time a message. I pressed READ.
"Hey, sexy. Cleopatra here. Have fun with the rest of your life. Don't do anything I would do, ha ha. Oh, and don't be hard on your girl. We're pains at times, but we make up for it with cuteness and love. Forgive her. Bye. X."
Coyote hadn't given me his vote, not officially, but it didn't matter because the sub-vote had suddenly moved to 2-1 in favour of forgiveness over punishment. That put the overall score at 2-1 the same way.
I felt a slight sense of gladness. I didn't know why, but I didn't plan on spending any more brainpower on this subject, just in case I started getting unsure again and decided to do a whole new vote. No, no, no. The votes were in, the decision was made.
I wanted to get to her, get this problem of ours sorted. I didn't want to think about our next step until after we had discussed things deeply. All I wanted to do now was get home. Home, home, home.
I noticed that the sky was a little lighter. The time on my new phone said 04:21. Soon dawn would break. I knew things were going to feel and become a whole lot different with the light of day. I also knew I didn't want to be here when that happened.
I got back in the van. Coyote wouldn't mind if I borrowed it. I didn't care either way. I -
The phone rang. The screen didn't display a number, only the message: NUMBER WITHHELD. I pressed the answer button and held the phone to my ear, but I didn't speak. This was Coyote's phone and I didn't know who or how many people had the number.
"I'm going to kill you," the voice croaked. A wave of fear washed through me, then was gone. I felt that familiar buzzing again, especially in the arm that held this little device that was giving me bad news. I knew I could crush both it and the voice out of existence.
"Who are you?" I said, and I was angry, and no longer scared.
"Bollocks," the voice said, and that was when I started laughing. The kid, the bloody kid on the CB. He must have jotted down the phone number as I read it out for Cleo.
"Go to bloody sleep, kid, or I'll come down your chimney like Santa, and I won't be bringing you any presents."
"Wank," the kid said, and hung up. I started laughing again.



"INTO THE DANGER ZONE"
Some way down the motorway, my thoughts started to come slower. I could actually feel them chugging through my head as they faltered like cars approaching a motorway pile-up, until I could barely concentrate on anything but driving. I passed a junction with a sign telling me some place was 15 miles away, but I was past the sign before I could fathom the word written on it. That was when I realized that the night had indeed been a long one, and I was perhaps getting tired. The dashboard clock said it was passing 5.00 a.m.; the sky was lightening to announce a new day. I felt hot.
I wound down the window to let in some fresh air, but that didn't help. In time, I started to feel sweat sticking my legs and trousers to the seat, my back to the backrest, and my head became harder to balance upon my neck. Surfer-dude's drug - was it wearing off, letting my true state of tiredness announce itself?
The traffic was still light. The sun was creeping up, not yet visible but preceded by light permeating the darkness at the horizon ahead and to my right. I stared at it. The darkness in that area was becoming ragged with snakes and swirls of reddish light stabbing upwards and slowly expanding, as the sun's rays scoured away the night like a flame devouring a sheet of black paper.
I slowed as a van and trailer filled my windscreen. Despite the low amount of traffic, the vehicle was moving slowly in the first lane. I noted the lettering on the back of the trailer, which stated that this was Big's Burger Bar. There was a settling in my stomach as I realized how hungry I was. All normal feelings were returning, it seemed. Much as you might wake after a night on the booze to greet a killer hangover, I was expecting my body to mutter the consequences of my exertions this night as the drug wore off.
My stomach rumbled again. I made a decision. I needed a burger. Hopefully Burger-man would pull over soon and set up his bar. I wanted two cheeseburgers with relish. And a hot tea. Yes.
But he didn't pull over, and my hunger pangs got worse. So eventually I pressed down on the accelerator and nudged ahead of Burger-man using the middle lane. I drew my van in front of his, eliciting a honk of his horn for my bravado. I checked the wing mirror and saw Burger-man's face in his windscreen, shaking, mouthing at me. This guy looked the sort who would not care about food hygiene when he was hawking burgers. Probably the sort who posted his van near nightclubs to attract the drunken, people who would happily pay through the nose when the smell of burning meat and bubbling cooking oil hit them after the stifling atmosphere of sweat and perfume and beer. Yesterday's burgers re-grilled into the high end of the danger zone before being slapped with rubbery cheese and squashed between stale bread discs made soft once more by microwave technology. I wondered how many victims this criminal might have clocked up; how many people throwing up their guts of a morning and blaming, not the uncooked food but the alcohol. Guy like Burger-man, he needed to be taught a lesson - two even, including how to cook the perfect burger.
I put my hand out of the window and gave him the finger. He returned it. His mouth was still moving. I saw no passenger beside him or hands-free kit for a mobile phone strapped to his ear - I guess I was the guy he was talking to. But I couldn't risk taking my eyes off the dusky road long enough to lip-read his threats. So I slowed down, forcing him to slow, too, and he did so with a blare of his horn and a shake of his vehicle's head, as if he were trying to decide which side to pass me on. But he didn't pass, he slowed, and his horn went haywire, and then I pulled into the hard shoulder, and he pulled in, too. I could see a break in the hedge a short way off and I indicated and took the break slowly, like it had been my destination all along. A hundred metres down a worn track, I stopped. Burger-man was still on the horn, but now he let it alone and threw his door open, and out he came carrying an old-fashioned car jack, waving it at me, shouting about what he was going to do to my head with that implement.
I had known this guy at college called Sammison, something Sammison. Not his original name, for he'd entered this country as a citizen when his parents bought a business off some other Indian family. In fact, maybe Sammison wasn't his name at all, instead just a Chinese Whisper of his name in my head now, some two years since his death.
He had only just passed his test when he arrived in this country, but already his dad had bought him a brand new BMW that swamped his tiny frame. He flaunted that car and his money and his ego all round the college, and that had pissed a lot of people off. Including Karl Mack, a lawbreaking cunt who'd somehow landed a job in the college refectory. Mack watched and listened and plotted.
En route home one day, Sammison was cut up by a guy on a moped. Mack lived close enough to the college to prefer to walk the journey, so no one knew he owned a cute green Vespa. A honk of the horn gained Sammison only a finger flipped back at him. Mack knew that when Sammison first arrived in this country, he'd been shown the finger and told that it was a kind greeting to one's elders and betters, and Sammison had shown tutors and parents and friends his good manners before learning the embarrassing truth, and since then when someone flipped him the bird, he went apeshit.
Mack had known that the road he fled down to escape the guy coming after him in the BMW led only to a single housing estate, but he didn't intend to ride that far. 
Mack had known that despite all his judo training, the fall in a secluded part of the road was still going to hurt. Nonetheless, when his bike skidded as planned, he flipped off the vehicle, rolled a few times and came to a halt, grabbing his leg, moaning.
Nobody knew that Mack had narrowly avoided prison for stealing cars. Nobody knew he went equipped for this with a long screwdriver that was also his weapon of choice.
Burger-man didn't know about Sammison and Mack, or that I knew about them. Might he have been surprised to learn that a car jack was actually the very implement that Sammison had approached Mack with, shouting the same threats and "lunatic driving" insults? If he had known about the Mack case, might he have felt a flicker of fearful recognition when I jumped out of the stopped van, squelched rapidly through the mud, and raised the long knife I found in the van's glove box? A kind of Shit, this is a trap recognition.
"Knees," I said, indicating with the tip of the blade that he should get down. He did so, his mouth moving as if it were practicing a plea I might soon hear. One hand was up in a defensive gesture, and his splayed fingers looked so inviting I nearly lopped them off with a single swipe. On his knees in a muddy track a hundred metres from the quiet motorway, Burger-man began to feel his mortality like a heavy meal in the gut. His lip quivered.
"Take the van, man," he said. "I don't need it." His expression held more fear than his voice, which surprised me. He almost sounded like a man trying to make a business deal rather than a plea for his life.
"Why would a dead man?" I said, slowly, watching for his reaction.
"Nah, man, don't kill me. I ain't seen your face or nothing. Don't know you."
"But you've seen enough. The police will put you under hypnosis and you'll remember. I can't take the risk."
"I won't, I won't let them. I'll forget all about you. You can come back and kill me if I do, I promise."
I almost laughed. "That's very kind, thanks," I said instead.
Both hands were up now. He looked like a man pushing against an invisible wall. "If you kill me, man, the cops, they'll do tests and shit. Blood spatter, you'd never get away from it -"
"I'll dump my clothing, burn them."
" - the knife wounds, they'll know what to look for, check all the shops, find where you bought it -"
"I found it in a field, and it'll go back into one afterwards."
" - witnesses. People who saw you, saw me-"
"I'll kill them all, too."
" - DNA on my body, your footprints in the mud, satellite photos of the killing-"
"How long does it take you to cook a burger?"
It didn't even throw him: he came back quickly with an answer of "five minutes." I considered this. Five minutes, no way. Not unless you used a blowtorch. So I put it to him: make me a burger in five minutes and I'll let you go.
I watched him carefully as he first got to his feet, then moved to his trailer and slung the rear door wide. He seemed to be torn between that doorway to his right and the dirt track to his left. A hundred metres down that track was gateless gateway in the perimeter hedge, and Burger-man was surely thinking of running, hoping to beat me over the hundred-metre dash, and hoping to flag down someone who would help him and overlook his crimes.
Deciding against valour, it seemed, Burger-man entered the trailer, and a few seconds later the serving hatch opened. I almost expected him to ask me what I'd like on my burger and be all smiles about it.
I watched him hook up the griddle to a large gas bottle, turn on the overhead light and arrange the utensils he needed. He moved with all the professionalism of a surgeon getting ready to operate. I was suspicious. When he reached into a cooler by his feet, under the griddle, I skipped away from the serving hatch and round to the back, quickly stepping up and inside, making sure that Burger-man saw the knife in my right hand as I held out my left.
"Give that to me."
Slowly, Burger-man held out a plastic storage box, and I took it. I could see through the clear plastic, see the meat inside. I set the container down and flipped off the lid.
It was full of raw burgers, but they had been haphazardly thrown in, not stacked, so that they were all deformed, some pulled apart, some bent so out of shape they looked more like balls of meat ready for a rolling pin. And the container was slightly warm to the touch. I looked down at the small cooler by Burger-man's feet.
"Is that cooler turned on?"
The guy looked a bit put out by that question, and I knew immediately what the answer was - the real answer.
"Yeah, it's a special one," Burger-man said. "Keeps warm things warm and cold things cold together. The cans of pop are cold, the meat I keep lukewarm to keep the bacteria dormant."
Yeah, like the old joke about the idiot who gets a flask that keeps hot things hot and cold things cold, so he puts coffee and a choc ice in it. If he'd tried to convince someone who didn't know anything about food hygiene, he would have gotten away with it. Unfortunately, the guy was a twat if he thought someone my age could spend his whole life without learning that stored meat needs to be kept chilled. Bad luck, Burger-man.
I moved forward, urging Burger-man back with the knife. I bent, put my hand in the cooler and closed my fingers around a can of fizzy soft drink. It was warm. Everything was warm, including the fucking cooler because it wasn't even plugged in. The cooler, thus, was nothing more than a box that became a small greenhouse when the door was shut. Given a couple of months in there, I think the burgers might have eventually cooked by themselves. But for now they were probably home to enough parasites to cover the number of extras in a bacterial version of the film Ghandi. What kind of fucking idiot did he think I was?
"Good, don't want food poisoning," I said. "Cook away. Five of them, please."
He worked like a good little cook. He almost seemed to be enjoying himself, despite the threat hanging over his head. I went back outside and round to the serving hatch to let him work. I stood there like a regular customer as he did his thing. He peeled five burgers out of their container, two of which he had to assemble like a mini-jigsaws, and slapped them onto the griddle, and within two minutes they needed flipping. As he somersaulted the burgers onto their raw side, I saw surface burning on the cooked sides but red juice running from them. The griddle was set too high, way up on level six. No way could it safely cook the insides, even though the burgers Burger-man used were paper-thin.
Soon the first burger was visually cooked and Burger-man scooped it up with a pair of tongs and slid it between the halves of a bun that he pried partly open, so it resembled Pacman swallowing a giant brown pixel. No Pacman ghosts here, although I might become one if I chose to eat that burger. It was undercooked, had been festering in a warm box for ages, and the bread was probably stale. It would be dangerous to eat that burger.
"No, no, you have the first one," I said. I almost raised the knife but didn't: that would have indicated my belief that there was something wrong with the burger, and instead I wanted to see Burger-man's reaction. Would he accept, to fool me, or would he refuse and hope my offer was not some play but genuine kindness?
He just looked at me, still holding out the burger. "I ain't eating five burgers, man." His eyes went to the stick of wood jammed between the corner of the serving hatch and the hatch cover, propping it open. Looked as if he was planning to slam and lock the hatch, sealing himself inside, if I suddenly turned aggressive.
"Toast me a bun. I liked the buns toasted."
He shrugged. Certainly didn't come across like a man who had been threatened to perform at knifepoint. Suddenly I started growing suspicious. Was he keeping me here, sidetracked by burgers, while rescuers came? Or maybe given this guy's job, he was no longer surprised by people stopping him in improbable places to order fast food.
When he started tucking into the burger with one hand and toasting my bun with the other, I figured my last theory might be on the ball. We've all seen the hawkers outside nightclubs and stadiums and colleges, selling their crap. I heard about one guy whose trailer was tipped down a grass bank, onto a train track; a couple whose trailer was quietly hooked up to someone else's car and dragged away from a hungry queue. Pub gossip. So tonight over a pint Burger-man could regale his audience (those who didn't have food poisoning) with the tale of the young lunatic who was in such desperate need of food that he forced a burger vendor off the road and made him cook a meal at five in the morning.
I felt let down. I had hoped to do my bit and put one of these dangerous hawkers out of business, but now it seemed I had picked the wrong guy. The way Burger-man wolfed down his burger, either he was sure it was cooked, or he didn't realise the dangers. Either way, it implied that he didn't knowingly hand over dangerous food, and I felt that whisked him out of my crosshairs.
Burger and bun were ready. Pacman took a swallow and a big arm held the finished product towards me. I raised both hands, palms outward, fingers splayed: no thanks. I patted my stomach as if to say, Gotta watch the figure, turned, and walked away quickly. Burger-man had been the latest strange fellow in a night of strange fellows, and in ways the most unnerving. I half-expected to start feeling the impact of burgers lobbed like shuriken at my back. Why did darkness bring out the freaks?
Hey, you're one of them, a voice said inside me. I laughed out loud, which caught Burger-man's attention.
He hadn't looked offended that I'd refused his burgers; in fact, he was starting to pack up, as if at the end of a grueling shift. He shouted over, asking what I found funny, and it was genuine curiosity in his tone. Had he forgotten that I was the guy who'd pulled a blade on him, forced him off the road, coerced him into cooking food in the middle of a field? Maybe.
"Just laughing at some people's naivety," I said. "You dodged a bullet this morning and don't even know it?"
"Eh?"
I trod a higher path than this guy and decided he wasn't worth any more of my energy. I walked away, my job here done, if not exactly completed.


"INDUSTRIAL HELL CITY"
I was approaching my exit, my city. I took my eyes off the grey road, lifted them into the lightening sky. Despite the fan of colours thrown up by sun as its light refracted in the atmosphere, the world had a monotone look to it, almost as if it were submerged under an ocean whose surface I couldn't see and whose waters were photo-still. I almost wondered what would happen if I opened my door. Would water flood in, rapidly fill all the spaces and then be still again, allowing me to float out of the van and breast-stroke home some three feet above the road, veering to the side or higher to avoid cars also abandoned by their now-swimming drivers? I wouldn't need a lift to reach a high floor in a tall building. There would be no more gridlocks in the city. The timber yard would be empty. The fishing supplies shop would be under massive attack. And with all the tampons sodden and useless, unencumbered menstrual blood would diffuse through the city like a dark mist. 
This monotone look had the effect of making my 3-D vision useless, because I couldn't fathom the distance between my patch of motorway and the buildings that were rising up way ahead. The city was rearing up to meet me like a host. The high-rises were first, their nondescript lengths offering no visible pattern or break to judge size; they grew towards the sky like needles withdrawn from veins, seemingly knitting themselves into greater length out of nothing but air. If only man could weave his monuments with the magic of a spider spinning a web, this was probably how it might have been to watch.
Fat, flat-topped buildings burst out of the spaces between the high-rises and sat there between them like chubby little kids at a mothers gathering outside the school gates. If the power-offices that occupied the high-rises were the brain of the city, and the supermarkets and launderettes and cafes and schools were the belly and heart (and gallstone, if you include the squat edifice that was the homeless shelter), then the spaghetti-vomit roads and alleys were no doubt the legs and feet. And caked to those feet, like dirt on the most expensive pair of shoes, were the dossers, the criminals, the bastards that I was here to stop. Looking at the city from its glamorous top down to stinking bottom created in my belly a growing sense of nervousness at what I might find within. Because around the foundations of the most fabulous palaces, you still find creepy crawlies.
Although the motorway seemed to zip dead ahead into the centre of the city, I knew it slipped neatly past and onward. So I was forced to turn off my direct route when my exit arrived. A brief feeling that I was heading the wrong way, then all was fine as I saw a sign at an approaching roundabout, which promised me that I would reach my target if I went the way the little arrow was pointing.
The road curved back towards the motorway and over it atop fat, graffiti-emblazoned pillars, and then I was driving down a wide dual carriageway towards a large windowless black building with ugly sharp edges and unexplained outcrops here and there, as if it had been made by a giant kid with obsidian Lego. This was the NCP carpark, located in what the locals called the city's asshole, its back door. Entering the city from this direction, you could question the city guides that described it as a thriving metropolis: it looked more like the entrance to some industrial Hell city, as the dual carriageway seemed to dig itself deeper into the earth as you closed on the carpark, until the grass verges became steep grass banks that abruptly transformed into slanted walls of concrete that turned the road into something like a vehicular version of a swimming pool's water chute. And when the sun was blotted out as you drove under a bridge created by the black building spanning the road, it almost felt like a real water chute without the water, because cars had wheels. You burst through the tunnel created where the ground and the black building met and turned sharply left, and if it was your first time here you didn't know what to expect. Even now as I roared down that dual carriageway like a bullet along a gun barrel, part of me expected my vehicle to slip out of my control, to veer and lurch and strike one of the slanted concrete walls, ride halfway up and be yanked down again by gravity; to cross lanes and smack the other wall  picture a comical back and forth across the road and up and down the walls like a skater in a half-pipe, striking other cars, sending them spinning or overturning, yet not slowing, zipping ever downward in twists, until a river of vehicles rolled/grated/bounced to a neat stop at the flat bottom of the chute.
But instead the road leveled out and the twenty or so cars that had accompanied me here slowed, spread out, took corners or pulled over, and dissipated as people went about their business all over the city that was opened before us. The fun of the ride ended here.
I noticed that there was another reason besides the sprawls and twists of a conurbation for the slowing of all vehicles: a police car was parked in a grey alley between two tall buildings, with its nose jutting out from the shadows, like an alligator's snout barely breaking the surface of a lake. One mistake, I knew, and these bored peelers would snap their jaws around some unlucky motorist who didn't respect the speeding laws.
I drove past the cop car slowly, not looking at it. That might look like guilt, and I remembered the cops I'd come across earlier that night, the chase that had been sparked by my guilty looking eyes. What if my description had been fed to all the other cops? I was no criminal, but they might want me out of the way anyway. They were paid handsomely for their protection, so wouldn't want a Samaritan like me treading on their toes. I could be in danger from this vast gang of heroes. God eat God world.



"GOD CLOSES THE CELLAR DOOR"
The world's always nicer when it's still sleepy.
I like the city when it wakes up for a new day. Shops are opening and people are travelling to work. It's tranquil. The newspapers are full of bad things that happened some other day. The dossers and the yobbos are still asleep or still partying and not infesting the streets. Every bus and train is full of smart office workers or attractive students (those who don't just study in the afternoons and evenings, that is) learning to be smart office workers one day. There's an orderliness about this habit of life that gives hope to the belief that this world is but a prelude to another. But as the hours roll on, the crazies come out, the TV stations start to report on chaos and crime affecting us this very day, people slip out of uniform and routine and begin to meander through life, and any sense of purpose to human existence is erased and the jumble of activity that is the world screams that we're alone and aimless and abandoned, and as if to prove this, God closes the cellar door on us at the end of His day and all goes black. And, shit, if things didn't just get worse when that happened.
I was parked on one such busy street. Shutters were being rolled up over doors. Signs advertising cheap stuff were dumped on the pavements to lure people inside. A truck with a fat cylindrical back lurched far too slowly along the pavement to warrant the whooshing sound it made as some appendage sucked up last night's scattering of trash from the street. People walked past in both directions, carrying briefcases, laptops in canvas holdalls that clearly held expensive portable computers, coffee in paper cups, newspapers, and satchels that people eyed warily in this age of suicide bombers. I saw the manual workers, too. The labourers who rolled past in a van, still groggy and eyeing up the eye candy beyond the windows, this combination of sleepiness and lust on rugged faces making the vehicle seem like an ambulance full of mentally imbalanced guys headed for the Rubber Ward. A postman either lost or en route home after his shift. Two window cleaners carrying their entire business. Others. Arrayed before me, a sample of all the ingredients of physical skill and cognitive intelligence necessary to continue to progress our species in the race against nature to see if we can get ourselves off this planet before the sun goes nova and boils the seas.
And across the road was a small pair of conjoined shops that together could sell you a bacon sandwich and the tools you'd need to make one yourself if you had nought but a pigand some bread.
And outside this pair of shops stood three people, arguing. One wore a police uniform, one an apron and latex gloves, and the other a set of dirty coveralls. Obviously there was some dispute here between the owners of the caf and the hardware store that the boy in blue was attempting to reconcile. Fingers pointed at a lamppost that almost seemed to mark the midway point of the single building that housed both shops, and at one wooden sign tied to that lamppost and another laid on the pavement nearby. I guessed the rest and watched the action - or inaction - as I sat and waited for signs of life in the window of the beauty salon further down. That was where my girl worked, but it was still early, too early for a blue rinse or highlights. The door was still locked. A digital clock in another window said - not literally, of course - it was to be another hour before any key would open that door.
Across the road, some guy with a week's growth of stubble walked past the cop and the two arch-enemy shopkeepers and flipped the bird behind his back, before waltzing onward with a snigger. The cop hadn't seen the move, so what did the guy get out of it?
The cop continued doing his job of talking to both shopkeepers while remaining between them like a boxing referee, making sure nobody stepped into the other's reach, which sometimes is enough to spark violence. He didn't use an old notebook, as I imagined cops did; instead he wielded a small tape recorder, which both shopkeepers seemed wary of.
My gaze returned to the guy who'd flipped the bird. He wore shiny shoes, pressed trousers and a shirt whose tie I could see above the fork of the zipline of his windbreaker. He was about twenty, still retained a few acne craters from his teenaged days, and fragments of tattoos poking beyond his sleeves on both forearms said all I needed to know about him. Neat and professional during the working day, but doubtless uncaged at night and the weekend. Some event or other had put this guy off the police, and I was eager to know what it was. Maybe he'd been one of those brainless fuckers who loiter in gangs around suburban corner shops, shouting at passing cars and people, smoking dope, starting fires, often shooed or chased away by the police, and had retained his basic hate of the law even after school had ended and he'd been forced into the adult world of employment and tax. This kind of person comes to see the police not as upholders of law but as persecutors. And I hate these fuckers. They get pulled by the police because they break the law, and they call it bullying. They come to believe the police are solely in existence to ruin their day. Ha! I'd like to see these guys survive a day without the safety blanket they unknowingly operate beneath, courtesy of law and order. Take the cops away, and a guy like this wouldn't stand a chance. Put out the word that this guy no longer has human rights, and ten minutes later a hundred decent families are standing beneath a lamp-post, watching the bastard's feet kick as the noose tight around his neck turns his bloated face purple.
The police are the government's gang of protectors. A far cry from the Robin Redbreasts of old, who were old men wielding sticks and patrolling the streets to keep peace, but a gang nonetheless. They have their own jargon, their gang colours and their own turf, and we pay for their protection. But with all their manpower, their technology and money, they're bound by rules, and that was where I came in. I imagined the police were like pieces on a draughts board, unable to manoeuvre across all the squares. A clever adversary could thus escape their spotlight, but not mine. I could tread areas the police couldn't operate in, taking down people who were obviously criminal in some way but weren't currently engaged in any activity they could be grabbed for. Like this guy here, who'd flipped the cop the bird. I had no red tape tying my hands.
The guy stopped at a mirrored shop window. He pulled a small tub of cream from a pocket and started applying it to his face.
I ignored him. There was a coffee shop further down, with tables and chairs outside, but no customers yet - not outside, anyhow. I took a seat, to think.
A guy appeared at my shoulder moments later.
Hey, mate, you buying?
Buying? I scrutinised him, half-expecting him to yank up his sleeve and show me a forearm of stolen watches. But a badge on his pea-green shirt exposed him as bar/coffee shop staff.
I indicated my bottle with a flick of the wrist. He didnt look happy. He was about my age, a bit too pale, and his grim lips suggested he was rather pissed at having to work on a sunny Saturday afternoon. Dickhead should have phoned in sick like I did, he he.
Other people might need that table, pal, he said. Paying customers. He didnt look comfortable squaring up to me. Maybe it was my face - I didnt know what grimace or wild-stare the Chivas Regal might be forcing upon me - or maybe he was just scared of confrontation. More likely, he just didnt trust some young guy waltzing around the streets with a bottle of hard liquor.
I looked round at the other tables, to let him know I clearly saw they were unoccupied. I asked him if they did food here - which they obviously did.
Yeah, he said. He still didnt look happy; still obviously didnt trust me. He waited.
I said, Got a menu? So, he wanted to play a game? Fine.
He paused. Of course, the menus were inside the pub, where they couldnt be stolen or defaced by passers-by. I knew that and I think he knew I knew, and my spirits were too buoyed by spirits to care that he knew.
What you after? Chips or something? Sausage and chips?
Sausage and chips did sound good, but I wanted to make this guy list the entire menu, if he couldnt be bothered to please a customer by going inside to fetch a printed version. I was itching to find something criminal about this guy.
Got a menu?
He stomped off inside. I swigged more Chivas Regal. My mouth was now too numb to even feel the burning sensation any more. Now each swallow simply made my head light, as if I were drinking nothing but hot air. I almost felt that if I overdid it, Id float off into the sky like a zeppelin.
He came back with the menu. I checked his badge again. Zack. Zack was back. He slipped the little laminated sheet of A5 paper in front of me and turned to go. The game was afoot - he wanted me to have to get up and enter the pub if I wanted to order. No, no, no, Zack.
Got an ashtray?
He turned back to me and threw a glance at the ground. I thought he was considering telling me to just flick ash on the ground, maybe the butt, too. He looked even more unhappy now.
He nodded at the menu. Fancy anything, then? Ah, planning to fetch the ashtray with the food! Couldnt have that. Theres something intrinsically funny about winding up someone who cowers under the shadow of a telling-off. I wanted my fun.
Ill look in a minute, cheers. Got an ashtray?
Away he went, stomping. When he came back, carrying an ashtray, I told him all I wanted was a bag of crisps, Smokey bacon flavour. I actually fancied a hot meal, but I never eat out because you cant be sure what people might do to your food. If it isnt out of date or undercooked, it might have been contaminated in some way. Who really follows hygiene rules to the letter, eh? What caf staff member is going to clean the only red chopping board when he could easily grab a fresh green one for cutting your corned beef? Besides, I thought this little twerp might spit on my meal just for a modicum of revenge. At least crisps were sealed. Unless he had access to a syringe with which to inject foreign substances into the packet, I would be safe. 
Forty-five pence, he said. 
Thats cheap. Yeah, thats fine, I said. I knew he wanted the money up-front, so I started reading the menu. Fuck him and his obsessive mission to cut down on the number of paces hed make for a customer - even a paying customer.
When he returned with the crisps, I pulled my shoe off and found Coyote's folded 20 note.
When he returned with my change, I put it away and asked him outright: Bet you wish youd left me alone now, eh? and left the table. Walked away, back to my van. I left behind my purchases. Despite my hunger and thirst, I didn't want anything in my body, not even sustenance. There was a calmness in me that Id never felt before. Nothing worried me. I felt as if all my problems had been put off until tomorrow and that today I was a free man, free to do what I wanted. I walked with a confident stride. I am a people-watcher by nature and that day I glared directly at them instead of at the pavement. No need for the odd sneaky glance: I stared and soaked in the data about them and didnt care even a fragment of a jot of an iota.
But I was angry. I didn't want to get back in that cramped van again, not while I was feeling angry like this, like a Hollywood unorthodox detective who feels the City Hall suits are preventing him from taking out the bad guy. Chalking one up against that kid hadn't been enough. Not nearly enough, and I wanted my fill. I knew what to do.
I had that feeling again that this was something I needed to do, or I wouldn't sleep well that night. Anger and a sense of Fate - a potent combination. 
I crossed the road at a jog, burning with anger. I angled so that I'd reach the far pavement right in step with the guy hiding his negative personality inside office apparel, but using a reflective surface and anti-ageing cream to shout about his vanity. I slipped neatly over the kerb, veered across the concrete, and rammed Tie-guy right in the back. We were outside a closed restaurant with a recessed double-doorway. Tie-guy stumbled into those reflective glass doors and they shook hard enough to dislodge that morning's mail from the teeth of the letterbox and onto the carpet inside. He turned to find me blocking his exit from the doorway
"What's the worst thing you've ever done?" I said. I leaned back slightly, head turned so I could see the cop and the shopkeepers. The law official continued to interrogate the two men some twenty metres away down the street. He hadn't seen me accost Tie-guy, but if the guy shouted for help
"You one of the Hamptons? I didn't even stay at the party." 
It sounded like pleading, on a subject he thought I knew something about. Yep, this guy was dodgy. He knew that cop was back there, yet he didn't shout out.
"There's a policeman down there," I said. "Shout him and I guess I might have to run." I said it almost like an offer, but Tie-guy didn't take me up on it. He just said something about having asked Arky's sister if she wanted another drink, but that was it.
"You fucking people are idiots," I spat. "You think that if there were no cops, you could just walk into shops and houses and take what you want, and that people would cower in fear and let you and never mention it again. You've been watching too much Scorsese. You're no gangster. I don't want to go to jail, that's why you're not a bloody mess right now. It's why no bunch of vigilantes has burned you and your house to the ground. It's why the last girlfriend you beat hasn't stabbed your eyes in your sleep. It's why your fence hasn't dropped you in the river to take your share. People think that crime would run amok if there was no law or people to uphold it. No, you see, most people on this planet are decent. They weren't fucked up in vitrio by arguing parents, unlike you. They weren't dropped on their heads as babies. They didn't learn bad values in the playground. In a lawless world, the good would bond en masse and turn your kind into moisturizer. Every last one of you. New Zealand, I think. New Zealand would become a mass grave, and you won't need a passport, Tie-guy."
I looked in his eyes to see if this had all sunken in. I couldn't tell. Obviously, a yob like this was unaccustomed to a guy like me. Maybe he expected me to take his mobile phone, or deliver a slapping, and the fact that I was effectively lecturing him was throwing him off. At least he didn't look as if he was prepared to fight me. Something about the general theory that people who say and do strange things are likely to snap and cause violence and havoc without ever knowing why. If there was a guy stood in a shopping centre singing a song at the top of his voice, you'd pass him using a wide arc and a wary eye, right? And this guy here had that same wariness in his eyes.
"What's the worst thing you've ever done?" I asked again.
He flustered a bit. Maybe it was the directness of the question that threw him. Maybe he didn't know what I meant.
"Crimes, dickhead. Old ladies mugged, cars torched, newsagents held up, ethnics beaten. A daily routine for a cunt like you. Explain. Explain why you hate the police."
"I don't hate the police."
"Then why the bird?"
"Bird?" His face relaxed. "The finger? Aw, that's just somethingthat's nothing. Kids do that. It's nothing. What's it to you?" Not an arrogant question. Just a question. I looked more closely at this guy. He did look neat and pressed, and was obviously on his way to work. And that was what decided it for me. Finishing school and stepping into the real world can wake people up in acute ways. I've seen it happen. My guess was this guy had watched his friends gets jobs and girls and follow the straight and narrow, and since it was in every yobbo's core to be a sheep, a follower - well, I guess he just followed. So it was not my place here to punish a man who had changed his stripes and begun to make a decent lifestyle for himself.
"You were lucky today," I said. "Repeat it to me. What were you?"
He still didn't look fazed, but he was as obedient as any dog whipped and kicked into a corner. "Lucky," he said without emotion.
"When?" I was sure my eyes blazed, as if I were leading him to give up a secret password.
"Today," he shot back instantly.
I looked at him. I relaxed. I nodded. Good enough for me. I did not turn away from him (did that say something about my own over-blown caution, or did part of me think I had misjudged this guy?), but exited backwards, eyes never leaving him. I walked like that all the way across the road, until my feet touched the other pavement. One car had stop because of my passage; the driver spoke his annoyance with his horn.
Just before I turned away finally, I noticed something that might have been something or nothing. The guy's hand was in his trousers' back pocket, and I was sure it had been there since I'd accosted him. Not a good place to tie up a hand if you suspect something is going to attack you, unless that pocket contains -
But as I turned back for another look, I saw that the guy had forgotten me and was going on his way, not looking back. And not caressing the inside of his pocket.
Really lucky today, I guess. 
I was eager to be on my way and to reach my destination, but just then an idea came to me, and although it would mean a detour, it was something I knew I had to do. This was not a whim, though, despite the late surfacing of the idea. Instead, this was an apple falling onto Newton's noggin. And look where that got us. This was my spotting a tear in the enclosing fabric of my existence, and forcing my way through that rent to discover a whole new set of rooms and pathways in my world. But if I didn't smile, it was because I knew pain and suffering lay ahead.
No one ever made an omelette without breaking eggs.


"...this race was for rats..."
I was not a physical baby, although I cried a lot. Mum said I didnt really fiddle with things as babies do, didnt do a lot of crawling or trying to eat things. Mine was a mental rather than an oral fixation. I would become fascinated by moving things and could sit for ages at a time, just staring. Although this sometimes scared mum and shed have to come and make sure I wasnt ill, she enjoyed the fact that this habit kept me safe. If she was in the kitchen making dinner, she didnt have to worry that I was crawling towards the fire, or seeking to eat drawing pins. A glance behind her now and then would confirm that I was intently watching how she peeled potatoes. She developed a nervous twitch in her foot when sitting watching TV, and fully believed it was her brains subconscious way of providing a moving target for my eyes.
Dad used to try to teach me things, physical things. Not to overcome what they both probably thought was a mental problem, but simply because he subscribed to the old Chinese saying of Give me the boy and I will give you the man. He believed that the younger someone learned a skill or a talent, the better he or she would perform it as an adult. A football fan, he believed I could be a world-class player as long as I started kicking balls early enough. I got a football for every birthday and Christmas until the age of six. But I also got a chess set when I was four, and I could always beat my then 13-year-old brother.
I think the ages of 6-8 are when a child finally sobers up, shall we say? Sobers from the mix of emotions and other feelings that swirl the mind of a child into a maelstrom of desires and thoughts. It was at that age, surely a milestone in my life, that I calmed down mentally. This is when kids start to stop and think, to begin using the logic and reason skills that have spent years developing in the brain. They sit there idly, growing, resting, until the brain is ready to use them and they are booted up, like computer programs. I guess my dad thought he could paint on my blank brain and turn me into a star football player. But, like Tattoo-guy, I just wasn't built that way.
I began to see the school playground for what it really was, how the teachers saw it. School is not so much about learning as preparing - preparing for adult life. We are taught English and history and mathematics, but thats just scenery; we learn our most important skills, the things that will really help us through life, in the playground. This is where chief-executive egos are formed, where social dexterity is forged and sexual politics discovered. In the playground and not the classrooms is it decided who will go on to the offices, the job centres, the hospital delivery rooms, the morgues.
At school I was an enigma to some people, strange to others, a freak to yet others. But to the teachers I was one of those kids the school industry calls invisible pupils. My report cards were littered with those old lines like could do better and easily distracted. Five years, five reports, eight teachers: forty times I learned that if I didnt get distracted, I could do better. Invisible pupils are titled as such because they fade into the wallpaper. Teachers tend to notice and remember the academic achievements of those who toe the line and the disruptive behaviour of those who dont give a fuck. It leaves no room for invisible pupils, the typical students, and when report time rolls around at the end of the year, the teachers find it hard to recall us, and thus hard to give an honest appraisal of. My only good review came from Mr. Gear, my Computer Studies teacher, but it wasnt enough for Mum. Seeing how my brother had turned out, she took a brief but useless interest in my future when I left school, in the hope of achieving something good with at least half of her baby-output.
Mums dad had been a mechanic and because of this shed gotten the idea that mechanics were solid, reliable people, that the job itself paid well and was mentally rewarding. She said something about a mechanic being someone who provides a conduit between people and life. I dont remember if she explained that enigmatic law; I can only imagine she meant something convoluted: imagine that a mechanic fixes a car that drives someone to work, thus allowing that man to bake a loaf of bread, which fills the stomach of a doctor, who then has the energy to save lives - or some cheesy shit like that. So, she pressed onto me the idea of being a mechanic. 
I always think of that day when school finally spits out the children it has spent years and years refining. Like cars exiting a factory ready for the showroom, an endless stream of facsimile young adults are churned out into the streets, thinking alike, acting alike, following the same principles, abiding the same laws. And like cars we are also machines, but machines that will go on to serve the country and each other, to process taxes and fill prisons and build office blocks and clean streets. Conformity and uniformity. The thought terrified me.
I remember the day we left school. I was the only one walking, and causing an obstacle to all the laughing and whooping kids who thought theyd just finished some kind of prison sentence, and I pitied them, for they did not know that their sentence was just beginning. We were being led out into the wide world, but that world was not going to be so kind to us now. Now we would have to follow all sorts of new laws, would be liable to paying bills. The government was now going to charge us a kind of toll, or rent, for existence in the country, for inclusion into society. Also known as Tax. Without that rent, or Tax, we would be punished; the prisons were full of such subversives, as were the cardboard cities. You pay tax if you work; you rot if you dont work. Simple as. A portion of my life would have to be given up in order to live in this robot world where the line must be towed, and if I was true and loyal, then in fifty years time, when the government was sure I was too old to be a nuisance, I could retire. But the thought of that horrified me.
I heard plans voiced by joyful kids
Im going to run my dads pub -
My mums away next week, so its party on -
My brother gets nearly fifty quid a week on the dole, and he says I should try it -
Fucking shoulda burned this place down last year -
 and I wanted to laugh at them. They raced past me so full of ideas and dreams, and their eyes were blind. I saw girls with small feet so they could stand closer to the kitchen sink when washing the familys dinner plates; I saw burly boys with brick-layer arms. I saw big bus-driver hands. Receptionist smiles. Here they were, ready and primed: the next generation of caretakers to this robot society. They had bolted out of the gates like greyhounds in a race, but this race was for rats, and they cheered despite the fact that this race was not yet run, and already stacked against them.
And I saw with some mental telescope way into the future, some ten, twenty years. I saw my wife, with her small feet. She was washing dishes, while in the living room I sat in my mechanics coveralls and played with the kids - one of each sex, in accordance with uniformity and conformity. The boy had a postmans walk, the girl a waitresss swagger. And I saw a dim, grey garage like some android Jeffrey Dahmers lair, with car parts in boxes and on shelves and scattered everywhere. I saw a prim woman wrinkling her nose as she waited for me to finish tinkering under the bonnet of her Mercedes. I saw her drop her credit card into my hand from a height so she didnt get her own car's dirt and oil on her perfumed skin. And I realised I didnt want to fix her car, and I didnt care if she would use it to get to her office, where she might counsel some depressed teenager and save a life while costing Boots the sale of six packets of paracetamol. I was doing a job she was unwilling to do - if she didnt research engines and try to fix the problem herself, she was unwilling in my book. Would you wipe a doctors arse so he could go into surgery and save someones sight? I didnt want to fix her car, bake her food, install her washing machine or package her fucking tampons. I wanted to pay her wages. I wanted her to do for me all the jobs that I was unwilling to do!
All paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind. Aristotle.
And it hit me just like that. I knew then, right there in the street amongst all those hyperactive kids planning for tonights leaving party, that I didnt want to work for someone else. I didnt want conformity or uniformity. I wanted to walk above that level. I wanted - nay, deserved - to tread a higher path.


"RUAN'S TATTOOS WAS CLOSED"
Despite the early hour, I found a lot of shops already open. So I went shopping. I went to B&Q and bought a pair of coveralls plus a roll of bright green masking tape, and a pair of sturdy but lightweight boots from a shoe shop imaginatively called SHOE SHOP, which I suppose was a tactic designed to help the place get a mention when people did online searches for footwear establishments. Then I hit Superdrug for beauty products. From a Cash Converters, which is basically a pawn shop, I acquired a Black Widow catapult and a bag of marbles, and JJB sports supplied me with a plain black cotton beanie, goalkeeper's gloves and a rucksack to carry it all in. I was almost ready.
I knew that when the police went to Shoe Shop, they'd take away the crappy training shoes I'd left in the spot vacated by the boots I now wore, and if they managed some DNA or whatever tests on them, they'd find Tattoo-guy and he'd tell them about me. He'd say I was certainly the sort to steal shoes, since I'd stolen a pair from him. And with that the cops would know it was me in the CCTV videos, shown running from other shops with stolen gear, but I didn't care. As long as I completed my mission today.
RUAN'S TATTOOS was closed, but I rapped on the shutter and a guy wearing his products under a green tank top and matching football shorts appeared at a window above, waved me away and pointed to his wrist, as if saying it wasn't time to open yet. I tapped various places on my body, as if to show him what I wanted. He just looked at me, and continued to do so until I sat on the pavement, showing him I was willing to wait.
A minute later there were sounds coming from within the shop, behind the shutter, which abruptly drew itself up and coiled into a casing that someone had defaced with graffiti. The young guy covered in tattoos appeared behind the glass door, all but his head obscured by a large insider sticker of a dragon sucking on its own tail. The plate glass window to the left was similarly plastered with vinyl stickers of various sizes, showing off the tattooist's art. But I wasn't interested in his artwork. I wanted something else, something specific. 
"Yeah, I do piercings," the tattooist answered, standing aside and allowing me to step through the door. The interior of the shop smelled of antiseptic or something. 
"Yeah, I can do the forehead, no problemo," he said as I sat in a big, soft chair that took centre stage in the room, right before the window, so people could watch. I didn't get that. Some people liked to pretty themselves with cosmetic editing, but that didn't mean they wanted to watch open-face surgery live through a big window. Oh well. "For the forehead, I'd suggest titanium, but you can go for gold or surgical steel. Less chance of allergic reaction wi' that trio."
Titanium sounded good. It sounded strong and futuristic and suited my reasons for the piercings in the first place. 
"No gun for body piercings," he said. "So I'll have to go upstairs and bring up my trinkets. Have to boot up the autoclave, too - that's for sterilization, you know? There's a form or two you can fill in while I get them."
When he was gone, I checked out the form. Name and address? I don't think so. John Smith, the famous false name, is also a very popular real one  sort of like PLAYER 1 in a computer game, a default name - a name chosen by parents who couldn't be bothered to think of anything else. John Smith, then. From? 
There was a framed map of the world on one wall. I dribbled saliva on my finger, flicked that finger and noted where the spittle landed. It took three attempts to hit the map.
The tattooist came back carrying things in bags, like some detective exiting a crime scene, and a small pocket-sized folder. He held them up as he approached. "You should witness me opening these. All sterile and packaged, yeah?"
He took my form, handed me the folder, explained that it displayed illustrations of all his piercing jewellery, and then set about getting everything ready. At one point he looked over at me, my filled form in his hand.
"Bit pale for a Nigerian chap, aren't you?"
"Anemia," I replied, and he seemed satisfied by that answer - if only because he knew it meant nothing more truthful would be forthcoming.
I picked a yellow star-shaped stud about the size of a two pence piece  a star-shaped one, of course. The tattooist marked my head with a felt-tipped pen: one blob on each temple and a curving arc of four blobs across the top of my forehead. In the space below I wanted a circular stud, of similar size, that was coloured like a spiral kaleidoscope, but unfortunately, though he had such an item, he couldn't provide one that spun to hypnotise my enemies. He marked another blob on my head, below the middle of the arcing dots. 
"Yeah, you can leave them uncovered today," he said in answer to a question. Then he said he was ready and led me to a chair in a corner, right in front of the window. I didn't like that: nobody was allowed to watch Spiderman slip out of his civvies and into his Spidey outfit.
"No, won't hurt much," he replied to another question. "But it may bleed. Don't let that bother you. There's a billion gallons of blood in the world. Chances are you'll see some of it sometime, eh?" He started to put on latex gloves. In a thousand sandwich shops across the world, ten thousand employees daily heard "Bend over" jokes about their surgical gloves. I decided not to make such a joke here.
"Okay, are you ready? Are you sure about this? You can change your mind now, if you want."
I looked at him. "Thank god for that. I thought you were going to hold me down." He missed the sarcasm and shook his head.
"Nope, you can change your mind. Do you want to?"
Now I shook mine. But in his eyes I saw something, something like a mixture of fear and wonder, and before I could help it, I told him I didn't have any money to pay for these piercings. And he nodded.
"Figured that, somehow. You've something big planned, haven't you? Hey, I don't want to know. Just the advertisement, cheers."
I grinned at him. I knew what he was thinking. I recalled how the sale of ball-pein hammers had increased after the conviction of Peter Sutcliffe, the Yorkshire Ripper, who had used such a tool to batter his victims' heads in. Morbid fascination, I guess.
"Ruan's Tattoos, Far Cry Street," I said. "You can call it the Avenger Mask. Be all the rage amongst the kids."
He looked at me, thinking, obviously thinking. Kerching! Then he rushed away, but before I could get paranoid about what he might be doing, he returned with a camera and held it up and raised his eyebrows. "After? For the records."
"So long as it's not for the tabloids," I said, and then told him to get to work. He didn't object
"Try not to touch them for at least the rest of this day," he said as he dropped his tools into a sink of sterilized water. He took a towel and wiped more blood from my eyebrows, where gravity was holding roll call. The pain was strange - not a sharp pain that you'd expect from piercings, but a deep throb, as you might feel if you hung your head upside down for five minutes. It felt as if all the blood in my body had travelled to my head. Pull out one of the piercings, I thought, and it would be like pulling a finger from a hole in a dam. Blood would squirt in a thin, powerful jet across the room, smash the window and cut some passing car in half like wire through warm cheese.
"You're done, Avenger. Except for one more form, okay?"
"No more forms."
"My mistake, we're done here. Hey, can I ask, what is all this? Why the head jewellery?"
"You can ask."
He looked a bit suspicious. "I can ask, but you won't answer, right?"
I was looking at my head reflected in a hand-held mirror. There were no wall mirrors, which I found strange. Lots of artwork to look at, but no means to look at your own, except using the small mirror the tattooist kept by his work area. Maybe this was so he could quickly show a customer what they'd paid for and then get them out. He wouldn't want people hanging around doing biceps curls to stretch their new Celtic bands, after all. Seeing my face, and its new decoration, I realized there was something missing.
"One more thing," I said. Afterwards, I left, carrying my rucksack of items, including what I'd gotten off the tattooist. He thanked me and promised to forget I existed - until the checkbook journalists came knocking, he admitted. I left him to his fantasy, or whatever you want to call it.
As soon as I got outside, I pulled my beanie from the rucksack and jammed it over my head, pulled it down so it covered my new forehead jewellery. When I turned my head, the beanie moved against my neck and pulled slightly at the star-shaped studs in my flesh, but it didn't hurt. It was nothing more than a niggling itch, which I was sure I could get used to. But I had to wear it, since I now had some new, very distinguishing marks, which needed to stay hidden when not "in use." Imagine Peter Parker walking round his city wearing his Spiderman mask - a slight clue, eh? 
I kept the beanie on even when I was back in the van and driving. From now on, I would try to exist out of my uniform, so as to attempt to keep a part of my life distant from my hero persona. Although in this case I think the civilian in me was the persona, not the hero. I would play the part of a normal guy and exist in essence as Avenger.
I had one place left to visit. My girl's house, where all this would play out to an end. But I was planning to take the scenic route, because I had people other than myself to help now. Duty, and all that malarkey.


"WORTH A THOUSAND PINTS"
There was a pub across the road with its peeling red doors open, and a sandwich board on the pavement announcing cheap beer from 7-11. In the morning? Beer served in brown paper bags instead of glasses, designed for consumption not in the bar but in the alley out back? I crossed the road and braved the doors.
Typical flea-pit pub - check. Jukebox full of crap, pool table with tears and chalk rings, fruit machines with hypnotic lights - check. One of those places that caters mostly to a collection of regulars who know each other; they come in at set times, sit in the same old seats and drink the same old crap. Theres always some good-looking young guy who should be elsewhere, some tattooed guy and his bedraggled wife who sit alone and bicker, and a collection of misfits who crowd the bar and talk about crap you cant discern. The barkeeps always a blotchy-legged woman trying to pass off clothing her daughter should be wearing. 
And the obligatory fat old weirdo who sits alone; this guy never goes to the bar, never seems to touch his drink, but somehow hes already plastered and gets worse with time. Places like this are only frequented by young drinkers if they're passing by onto better pastures; they pop in as virgins, see the state of it (the walls are usually covered not with promotional material but with photos of some ancient local football team and pictures of the landlord and -lady; doubtless the strapping men in the black and white photos, all white smiles and 70s bushy microphone hairstyles, are the same toothless and shiny-domed gimps now infesting the pub - maybe they talk of missed goals?) and either move on immediately or stay for a quick one and an equally rapid game of pool.
But for now, the place was empty. All the chairs were up on the tables, which gave the impression the place was closed. But money is a good jimmy for any door. The landlord (okay, so not a woman this time  but I bet his legs were blotchy) was behind the bar, trying to fix a bottle to an optic. His back was to me, the back of his head smiling with grey-brown hair beneath a bald pate.
"Toilet?" I called.
"Says it on the door. Not a public toilet this, you know?"
"I'll be quick, " I said as I headed across the a sickly white door marked, as promised, TOILETS. Inside, two more doors, one for men, one for people who weren't men, denoted respectively by a stick image of a man and one of a similar creature with triangular hips. I pushed open the relevant door.
The toilet had only one cubicle, empty. I could see it was empty not because I couldn't see feet under the door, but because I couldn't see a door. Gone, along with both hinges. There was no damage where the hinges had been, and the toilet window looked big enough to slide the door through. Case closed. Should I run next door to the ladies? No, the place was empty, so I wouldn't be disturbed.
Ah, but then I wouldn't be disturbed here, either, and wouldn't need to hide behind a door. Here, at least, there was no risk of being considered a transvestite freak if I got caught.
I slapped the rucksack on the floor and opened it. I laid all my stuff out in the order I needed it.
I filled a sink with water and dyed my hair blue. There were no paper towels so I had to stick my head under the hot air dryer. When my hair was dry, I slapped a double handful of styling wax into it and spiked it up and out, so I looked like a hedgehog, or a character from Tekken. Then I grabbed a handful of hair each side of my head and squeezed out two horns, about four inches in length each. The grimy mirror showed me a scary looking guy, more Manga than Marvel. I liked it.
Next I climbed out of my clothing. I wore a T-shirt, which I had to rip at the neckline to make it big enough to slip over my head without messing up my horns. I tapped the spikes to make sure the wax was setting hard. I slipped into the blue coveralls, nearly fell, wondered how women slip into dresses so smoothly, and zipped it up tight to my neck. I stepped into the boots, tied them and wrapped masking tape around the tops, securing my coveralls to my boots. For some reason, I wanted to be waterproof - the coveralls were cotton, but hey, I didn't expect to encounter water today, anyway. I put on my goalie's gloves, taped them up too, and stood before the mirror again. I was ready. Almost -
The door grated open against the floor. The landlord was there. If aliens researched human stereotypes and sent one of their own undercover amongst us as a pub owner, this is how he would have looked. Do landlords have big bellies for the same reason Gym bosses have big muscles?
"Just so you know, the toilet door's bust," he told me. He looked surprised the moment he stepped in, yet didn't falter in what he was saying. I read somewhere that larger dinosaurs had slow reactions, sometimes not registering feelings, or even sights, for minutes, and this guy was big. Could I slip past him and out the door and be away down the street before he saw my image step towards him?
"Hey, what you doing?" But he didn't mean my new outfit, he meant my old one. He was pointing at my clothing tossed on the floor. "Don't be littering this place. It ain't Buck Pal, but it ain't yours, either. Bin it."
"I will. I'll have a pint. Out front. Be there in a sec."
He said nothing. Left.
I turned to the mirror again. I dropped the coin necklace over my head, slipped on my wraparound sunglasses. Yeah. The Avenger was ready. The world had better be.
Out in the bar, the landlord was filling a pint glass from the drip trays, which his staff obviously hadn't emptied the night before. I watched him from the toilet doorway, off to his left in the same wall as the bar itself. I waited till he'd finished, wiped the wet sides and placed it on a beermat, then I closed the door with a bang so he'd hear. He waved me over and slung a beer towel across his shoulder, like a boxing cornerman. I went round the bar until I was in front of him.
"One nine-nine," he said. No float yet, no change."
Pre-poured when he told me that. I imagined he would be hoping I'd only have a note, no coins, and would be too afraid of his tattoos and his bulldog face and gorilla arms to refuse to pay so much. I wondered how much money this guy had robbed from people with his hefty prices and shallow tricks. And in my mind he crossed a line.
One handed, I took the coin from around my neck, let it dangle by the twine. The trinket removed from a dead body in the back of the truck. I beat down the memories as they broke the surface like drowning swimmers.
"This is worth a thousand pints, don't you think?"
I dropped it in the pint glass. The landlord, captivated like a kitten mesmerised by a crawling spider, bent to stare at the treasure on the bottom of his glass. I bent, too, so I could see his hall-of-mirrors face through the glass and the watery, flat beer. A line had been crossed, remember.
Below the bar top, out of sight, I had been fiddling. Now I brought the Black Widow catapult up, pulled back on the elastic, and fired a marble right at the glass. It blew the receptacle into a thousand pieces, all of them sharp, and more than enough shredded the landlord's ugly mush to make him drop, clutching his face, screaming.
"Hey, it'd hurt a lot more if you didn't water your beer down, so think yourself lucky."
I retrieved the necklace from the sodden bartop and left. He was spitting foul threats at me from down behind the bar somewhere, like a rugged troll terrorizing children from beneath a dark bridge. Based on those threats of death against me, I didn't think he did consider himself lucky.
Out on the street, the sun was climbing high, but there were a few drops of rain in the air. I took a lungful of crisp air, happy with my lot. I felt good having dished out punishment to someone who deserved it. I wanted more. This was why Superman didn't piss off around the world and sample the world's beaches and mountains and other planets: saving people, being a hero, felt good.


"THE CRIMINALS AND THE SLIMEBALLS"
I turned off the main road and drove through one of the rougher estates in the city, where everyone except the criminals and the slimeballs hated to live. Those guys didn't understand the concept of anti-social behaviour, didn't understand what it was like to fear your neighbours and to be scared to go out at night because of human vermin infesting the streets. What did scare people like that? I wondered. But I knew. Me, and people like me, the good guys. 
I knew this estate as a kid, when I had visited my Mum's brothers. I don't visit anymore; they're just images and back-story for those images now. I had had fun here, playing, oblivious to the state of the rest of the world outside my bubble.
It looked like a place that the rest of the world had forgotten. Scruffy kids playing everywhere, abandoned vehicles, alarms always going off, people shouting from the tower blocks seemingly all day. Drive through some streets at less than 50mph and the thieves would have your wheels off. Despite being just an estate in a bustling city, Balloon Woods was like some village in the middle of nowhere: everyone knew everyone else. Who the bad eggs were, who could get cheap clothing, or drugs, or stolen watches; who threw the best parties, who was in jail, which girls were off-limits because they had a partner in jail. A TV documentary of the place would have appealed to the dark half of Heartbeat fans. World news didnt really reach the people here, and when it did it was generally considered of less importance than local gossip, unless it involved Englands football affairs. When some guy went on the run from the police for car theft, people actually went to the local newsagent to find out daily updates, since shop owners got all the news first. Exam results, pregnancies, battles, injuries. Sometimes you could almost believe that if the rest of the world had vanished, Balloon Woods would have continued to thrive. Donald Bunks, the local grocer, supplied peoples fruit and vegetables and that was as far as people wanted to know; they didnt care that unless he had banana trees and cabbage patches and such in his back yard, then he must have his own external supplier. As far as the people here were concerned, the local plumber had a gigantic water tank, the local electrical retailer built TVs from nothing, the newsagent wrote every article himself.
Of course, sometimes things went wrong and when they did the local people got the blame. Like the time there was a binmens strike. Instead of conspiring to get someone to write letters and make phone calls to the local MP, people knocked on the door of Henry Sherman, the roadsweeper, perhaps believing it was all his fault. And the more rubbish that built up, the more hassle Sherman got. People posted rubbish through his door; they covered his car in it. The rubbish chutes that serviced the blocks got blocked, so people left their rubbish outside their doors or in the stairwells. After only two missed collections, the walkways of the blocks were so full that people started lobbing the bags over the wall and into the forecourt below, sometimes hitting cars, sometimes actually aiming for, but thankfully never hitting, people.
That actually got the wheels greased. Not so much the growing pile of rubbish down in the carpark and the concreted area outside the row of shops, but the complaints of a little old woman living on the ground floor. The bomb-like detonation of each bag bursting on the concrete shook her poor nerves, but funnily she didnt actually complain until after a pile of bags (one of many erected by conscientious locals who didnt want to walk across a thick carpet of rubbish) got so big it obscured the view out her kitchen window. Her dog liked to sleep on a storm drain cover outside the butchers shop, probably because he enjoyed the meat-smell, and the bags started to block her view.
Her name was Ms Jacobson and shed lost her husband a few years earlier in some silly army training exercise. I heard she died peacefully in her sleep a couple of rainy summers ago, lounging in a deckchair just outside her door, watching her sleeping dog. The only time she ever seemed to be outside was when she was trekking to the post box (always vandalised during the Christmas period by kids who thought cards being sent to locals' relatives might contain money) to post her weekly collection of complaints to Parliament, blaming them for the death of her husband.
Parliament. I remember hearing that name as a kid and thinking it was some guy, some killer. I was a little kid, of course. I remember being scared that this guy Parliament would want to do me harm.
Parliament does us all harm, and we let it. We pay for their help, and like any cheeky employer, Parliament takes the odd liberty.
I found a thickly packed residential street and cruised down it. I drove towards one house from which loud dance music was throbbing. I wound down my window to fully judge the volume of the noise. I don't know, maybe as a person loses morals and intelligence, he loses hearing, too. The only people who seem to like loud music in the house are the dickheads. I wanted to pull over and kick in his door and strangle him with the cable feeding his box of thuds mains electricity. But how did I know some guy wasn't in there having sex and using the loud music to cover the noise of bedsprings and groaning? Or maybe he knew his immediate neighbours were out, so wouldnt care about the volume. Maybe his neighbours also enjoyed the music. Maybe the guy was old and a bit deaf. Truth was, I didn't know enough about the situation to go striding in with my big boots.
Some dirty kid on the pavement poked his toy gun at me and fired it with a pop. I swerved the van, playing along, but the kid turned and legged it, perhaps fearing he'd shocked me into almost crashing. But then why do it? Kids're mental masochists. I drove on.
Further along, some guys in yob-regulation sports clothing and baseball caps loitered around a car with mirrored windows and an exhaust pipe like a rocket launcher. I thought about stopping. But should I really judge people by their dress? Did I look like a typical superhero, or the sort of guy you wanted to avoid in the street? The car was outside a shop; maybe their friend was inside, buying milk for his kids. I drove on.
Some of the houses were boarded up and in a bad state; others with occupants looked no better. I saw gardens full of rubbish and car parts and unkempt grass. I saw dirty kids and graffiti and souped-up cars. There was no money here, but poverty wasn't a crime. I began to feel I was in the wrong place. I drove on.
Back on the main road, I headed for my girl's house. She lived in a decent area, whatever "decent" meant. For sure it wasn't an environment oblivious to bad weather and illness, and wasn't comfort relative, anyway? A lump of dogshit on the pavement here would abhor the locals as much as a fire-gutted car abandoned on the road back at the estate I just left. Back there, people had no money, and they scraped along, made do. Sometimes crime was the only option, I guess. Here, though, there was no reason for the residents to commit crimes. None that I could fathom, anyway. So I would hunt here.
Here, look. A slick silver Jaguar, like a car from a science-fiction film, sat right in the yellow painted rectangle allocated to as a bus stop. Beside it, on the pavement, an old lady stood at that bus stop, waiting. I saw movement in the car and realized some guy was in there, just sitting there. I pulled up alongside and stopped. I was blocking the road, but traffic here was light. I clambered across the passenger seat, reached through the open window, and rapped on his.
Despite my appearance, the chubby guy inside - mid-forties, soft-faced, wearing a woolly fleece over shirt and tie - wound his window down immediately. He didn't look surprised or fearful; he looked like a guy getting ready to give directions, if anything.
"This is a bus stop, but I guess you know that-"
"My wife's just paying a deposit -" he began. I cut him off, telling him that I knew the reason why he was parked here. He raised his eyebrows. He didn't seem to sense his peril.
I looked up at a row of shops. One was a travel agent's and there was a slim woman inside. Probably his wife. Probably paying a deposit for their next luxurious holiday. I disliked this guy more. He could have parked further down, or across the street. But no. The wealthy and influential sometimes have big egos and a bloated sense of self-importance to match their swelling bank accounts. 
"Hey, girl," I called to the old lady at the bus stop. She was small, so small that despite my elevated vantage point in the taller van, I could see only her head above the roof of the wealthy guy's futuristic car. "Get in the car, he'll take you where you want."
The chubby guy nose wrinkled like a cat's, but rather than a physical aroma, it was the smell of danger that he was caught by.
"What do you mean? What's happening here?" He turned away from me as the old lady yanked the passenger door and got in, already talking at the speed of light, as if she had known him for years. I saw his hands go up defensively towards her, as if he meant to push her back out. He was saying NO, NO, NO, NO and shaking his head. I rapped his roof and his head turned back my way so fast I thought his lower jaw was going to swing out like a conker on a piece of string and smash the partially open side window.
"That's what buses do, they take people where they want. And you're in the bus stop, so you must be a bus, so today you're a bus, and this lady's waiting for one, and so you're gonna take her right where she wants to go, or I'll see your name gets in the child molestors' register, and that my neo-Nazi skinhead friends get a copy."
I had started to lean out my window. Now, I was sure, he could clearly see the decorated face of his assailant, and sense the power in the mind behind it.
"Okayokay" the guy was muttering. I could see his eyes darting back and forth, as his brain tried to work a way out of this.
"And after this, will you be wanting to play at being a bus again?"
He shook his head. His hand was reaching for the ignition. He started it. I got a last line in ("Don't park in bus stops again, and you won't ever see the Avenger again.") before he drove off. He pulled out into a free road because I was holding up the traffic. I checked the wing mirror and saw three cars waiting behind me, but nobody had beeped a horn. Maybe they didn't trust the black van, which, although dirty, looked as if it might belong to gangsters or government agents. His wife was over in a shop doorway, watching in disbelief as her husband drove away with another woman in the car.
I pulled away, my job here done.
Ahead, just past an approaching petrol station, I saw two kids running in the direction I was headed. One boy with his hand in his bigger sister's. They came to a side street and the sister stopped abruptly at the kerb, and yanked the boy back when he raced past and almost out into the road. She pointed and I looked. A taxi was coming towards the corner, indicating that it wished to turn left down the side street. Like good pedestrians, the kids waited. But the taxi floated past the corner and stopped in the road, still indicating to go left. He was waiting for oncoming traffic to free a space so he could swing right, across the opposite lane and into the petrol station. When my van passed the station's entrance, I slammed on the brakes. This time there was a chorus of honking horns from behind me as drivers were forced to stop. And traffic was building up behind the taxi now, too. But I was blocking his path. He leaned out his window and told me so.
"I can't be blocking your path," I called back, head out the window. I could sense that people were staring at my spiked blue hair, the studs in my face. It felt good. I almost felt like a model showing off a new look. A month from now, maybe lots of people would be walking round, looking like me. Ah, but cool as that would be, I'd need a new outfit for sure, to keep my originality. "Because I'm blocking the entrance to the garage, and you indicated left. So that must be the turn you want, and it's free. So away down there you go. Back up and go left."
The driver exited his vehicle. He was old, I'd say late fifties, but he looked well built, as you might imagine a retired pit worker to look. He had a big grey moustache and grey hair and I thought he'd look good in a monotone photo. And rings and rings on his fingers, enough that I'd be surprised if he didn't walk with his knuckles dragging on the ground and his back bent.
"Move that sack of shit," he called out, pointing at my van just in case I got confused about which sack of shit he might mean.
I exited my own vehicle. We stood by our steeds like a couple of fighter pilots, missing only the helmet tucked under one arm. I pointed at the side street, to avoid similar confusion, when I shouted back, "Get down that bloody street, now."
Like a couple of gunslingers, we reached for our weapons at the same time. The taxi driver had his head through the window, still fumbling for something, when I launched a marble right at his windscreen. The marble careened off and into the sky, and left behind a little crater in the glass. The taxi driver bolted from the vehicle, his hand clutching a sawn-off baseball bat. Sawn off baseball bat?
But he looked scared, because there was a guy in a boiler suit with studs in his head and blue hair and something metal and black in his hand, and a just a moment ago a small missile had just smashed into his taxi, and each day the newspapers told him about the violent carnage people with fucked-up minds got up to. Suddenly his sawn-off baseball bat didn't feel like much of a weapon.
"Someone's calling the cops right now," he called over. Only about fifteen feet separated us; I think he was wondering if he could get in his car and drive away before I got to him or shot at him again.
I pointed at the road again, the one I wanted him to take. The one he had indicated he was going to take. I'll have to take your first answer, didn't they say on gameshows? Same here. And the prize was better here: life.
"You're a dickfuck," the taxi driver snarled, and spat at me. The glob of spit didn't even nearly reach me, but his point had already been made.
He tossed his bat into his car and followed it in. I moved backwards, along the length of my van, towards the back, ready to dart behind the vehicle if the taxi driver didn't reverse but came forward, maybe hoping to crush me.
A screech of tires as the car shot forward. As feared, I had to jump behind the van just as the taxi booted past with barely ten inches between the two vehicles. I turned to watch the car go past, to stare at the taxi driver's angry face. He slowed just metres past me and stuck his head out, looking back. A hand exited the window, gave me the finger, and then he stuck his tongue out at me. None of that bothered me, but what happened next did. He cut right across the oncoming traffic, over the lane and neatly through the other entrance to the petrol station. His car juddered over a speedbump and skidded to a halt right beside a diesel pump. The driver got out, slammed his door with an exaggerated swing of the arm, and set about preparing the diesel pump for filling his car. And he kept looking at me all the while across a low wooden fence and flat-topped bushes stretched between the two entrances-exits. Behind my van, the drivers I'd held up had ceased waiting: some had used the petrol station as a bypass, while others began to pull out onto the pavement and even into the oncoming traffic to get around my stationary van. I barely noticed because I was fixed on that man, that man who had defied me in front of everybody, defied me right to my face.
Pedestrians were shouting things now. Mostly the younger ones; the older people continued about their business. I ignored them all. Tunnel vision.
"Fuckin' Judas!" the taxi driver yelped as glass from his exploding rear side window nicked his hand and covered his shoes. He released the trigger on the petrol pump, dropped the pump and scarpered behind his car as the next marble twanged off a wing mirror, veered off towards 2 o'clock and the row of pumps beyond, and bored through a pre-cut packaged sandwich some woman had left on the roof of her car while she put her purse away in her handbag. She looked at the sandwich, puzzled; she had heard the rattle of the plastic packaging but was unable to see the hole through her chargrilled chicken. The taxi driver hid behind his car and lobbed more insults at me. And now everyone in the forecourt was aware of what was happening.
He kept poking his head up so he could look at me through the window. I aimed again and popped the driver's side window when he stuck his face up again. The far window remained intact under the lessened momentum of the missile. My next shot took it out. The taxi driver stuck his head up again and cursed me. I saw safety glass in his hair. The next time he poked his head up, it was from a position further back along the car, where the rear side window on his side was still undamaged.
 After I'd popped that one, maybe money entered the taxi driver's head - all those busted windows. He yanked open a door and slipped inside. I thought he was going for the baseball bat, but then the engine roared into life and the car pulled away, with seemingly no driver except a pair of hands and a tuft of wavy black hair visible through the holes where the windows used to be.
The car lurched past two others waiting to pull out - waiting but halted because of what was happening and the fact that my van blocked the exit - and leaped out of the forecourt, smashing my van in the front left as it curved a messy arc out onto the road. The way ahead was clear, yet the taxi driver didn't race away that way; instead, he screeched down the first left turn, which, incidentally, was the very road I had been trying to force this guy down.
The sound of his engine quickly faded. In its place, the hum of car engines and the chatter of gawkers. I could feel thirty pairs of eyes on me. I saw more than one person talking on a mobile phone. People and eyes were everywhere - in passing vehicles, in shops across the road from the petrol station, all along the street. They looked scared. There was a vast area that was free of people except for me; even the people filling their cars had either retreated into the petrol, station shop or had run away from the scene, to lurk and watch from behind a lamppost or another car.
They didn't understand what had just happened. I knew that. But it wasn't my place to educate them, unless they crossed that line and had to learn their error the hard way.
How to exit the scene? Arms raised like a victorious fighter? Quiet and surreptitious, like a true superhero?
I chose a middle ground: quiet and quick into the van, with a wheelspin to bid all farewell.
No more delays now. Onward to Fate.
 


"WATCHING HOW MY DAD"
I was partway down a suburban street I was using as a shortcut before I realized exactly where I was, and who lived here.
I pulled into the kerb on the other side of the road, some twenty metres short of the corner and the bungalow on that corner. The house hugged the corner in such a way that it effectively gave a door each to the two streets that made the corner. Arton Road was where I sat, looking over at my dad's neat lawn and garden furniture, and a large oak front door. Seen from Burrow Street, just around that corner, the bungalow exposed a back door that often gave the impression that the house was two houses connected at the corner.
The curtains in the front window were open, but the blind was lowered to within six inches of the windowsill, creating a thin letterbox of space. When my dad was resting in the living room, he always sat in the armchair by that window, staring out that letterbox. I remembered as a kid watching how my dad could focus on the TV or his paper or his Sunday dinner (the only meal he ate removed from the kitchen table) and still never miss a thing that happened outside. If he hadn't been an ex-security guard, people might have thought he was a sad, nosey old man. But his former profession instead made him something of a gem in the neighbourhood, like some oracle people went to when they wanted to know things, provided it was about some shady guy they'd seen walking about, or what time a certain vehicle had passed, or anything else like that. These days estates like ours were watched over by towers with CCTV cameras for guards, but not ours - was my dad the reason?
If he was watching now, did he see me? The sun was still low in the sky and somewhat behind the house as I looked at it. Maybe that meant the light was reflecting off my windows, making it impossible for my dad to see me. Good, because if my dad came out to greet me, he might not recognize the changes external and internal - in his son, which had all occurred in the twenty-four hours since I'd last seen him
On the side of the road where I was parked, the houses ended just past the corner facing them and the land fell open on a playpark, a small football pitch for Sunday League fun, and beyond that a small wood - altogether a perfect location to attract foxes and stray dogs, which our estate was somewhat infested with. I saw a thin creature coming off that open expanse of land now, slowing as it reached the road. I was bitten on the foot by a stray dog when I was a kid. It put me off them for years, to the point where I used to jump the low wall and hide out in my garden whenever they came along. And they came frequently, like pilgrims visiting a holy Mecca. They would stand well back, staring at the estate, its concrete and people and metal animals on wheels. It was called the concrete jungle because it is the human world, and all other animals know it. Do they venture in, as this stray did now, believing there was comfort and sanctuary here? Was it an ego thing instead, like when kids dare each other to go deep into a dark graveyard?
The stray stopped at the edge of the grass, sniffing at the pavement. It looked as if it knew it was about to trespass into a dangerous, unknown world. It jogged over the road, looking left and right like a safety-conscious kid, and went right up to dad's garden wall. A metal street sign was bolted to the wall; this was where dogs liked to piss, despite the repellant sprays dad used on it, and this one went to mark his territory now. Then it lowered its leg and trotted round the corner for further exploration. A quick image of Neil Armstrong in my head: taking a long piss on the moon instead of planting the American flag. 
I started the engine and pulled away from the kerb. I slipped slowly around the corner, not watching the house but watching that dog as it bounded slowly along, slowing to sniff at any and all places where one of its kind might have paused to plant a flag.
I remembered the odd trips to Woolworths when I was younger. My dad liked to paint Airfix model planes and this was where he got his paint, in tiny but expensive tins. This was also where he would buy the repellant spray, always complaining about the stray dogs that pissed on the street sign. The Council should reimburse him the money he paid on this spray, he would claim, because he was helping the community. But they never did, and dad continued to spend money, and still the dogs pissed.
The dog veered towards the kerb and stopped at a dried flag with his nose running over and around it. He jumped when he heard the wheels screech, but he was too slow to dart aside and I grinned as I heard his body thumping against the undercarriage. In the rear-view mirror I saw the torn, twisted body bounce and slide and come to a stop in the gutter. Put away your wallet, dad.
Knowing some of the neighbours might have seen this action, I put the van in a higher gear and drove on out of there. Away from that house where I had lived all my life, yet which appealed to me now as nothing more than some building. Did that mean I was past all that family bonding lark? Superheroes didn't have parents to worry about, after all.



"My girl and her impending death"
My girl lived in a nice place for someone with a lowly hairdresser's job. At the end of a residential cul-de-sac, where the road widened so the whole street looked like a giant, flat lollipop, there was a semi-circle-shaped new brick building two stories high. The bottom floor contained residential flats, very modern, while the top contained offices belonging to a furniture shop with its front facing the main road that ran past on the other side of the building. There was a tunnel through the building to the main road, but a large iron gate barred the way. The residents, all of whom had a key for the gate, had requested it because too many drivers were using the cul-de-sac as a shortcut between the main road and the city centre, clogging the street with parked cars that blocked people's driveways.
Parked in the shadows under the tunnel was a van like mine, but blue and battered. There was a horse trailer at the back. I couldn't hear a horse or anything else making noises from inside. But I knew that some of the residents of this street were wealthy people who might enjoy riding horses when they weren't shaping the country or fucking over the little people.
Further up the street, there was a woman snipping at messy segments of her hedge with a small pair of scissors. There was a kid sitting in the street and trying to fix his skateboard. Parked at the edge of the circle of tarmac at the end of the cul-de-sac was a small Neighbourhood Pride (a Council splinter group that dealt with restoring neighbourhoods) van with two human two shapes inside. There were blurs of silhouette behind the office windows where suits toiled. Apart from that, I seemed to be alone in this big city of hundreds of thousands.
Then my senses pricked up. Something was wrong here.

***

I knocked and waited. Despite the daylight, the hallway light was on and I saw a shape step into it now. The door swung open.
You need a quick swallow, cock? said the shape as it stepped out onto the step.
The man in the doorway was young, maybe early twenties, like me. But he was taller by a few inches, maybe 6 2, and showed well-built tattooed arms in a grey tank-top, which was stained yellow in spots by sweat. Just like me, Surfer-dude was suffering after a night without sleep, food or water, judging by his unkempt look. He looked like death warmed up.
This time he had a bottle of water with him, unopened. I snatched it from him and stepped back, ready in case he tried something. And I didn't yet open the bottle, although I had already beaten down that devil in me that told me not to eat or drink. I checked the lid for puncture holes, but found none. Nothing had been injected into this bottle. I spun the lid. I booted the lid away. I drank heartily, until I spat a mouthful out and coughed until my eyes glistened (they couldn't quite shed tears, because I was too dehydrated). Surfer-dude just watched me until I'd finished my sorry act, then:
"Too airy, eh?"
Fizzy, you cunt, not airy. My nostrils burned, my stomach shifted like a house in an earthquake. Never drink sparkling water that fast, I inscribed into my boot-up memory. I hoped it would be the first thing I became aware of when I woke each morning.
Woke! I needed sleep. Now my guts were throbbing, my head joining it.
"That is fucking quick," Surfer-dude said to me, with his head turned to one side. Side? I looked through lenses now as clear as frosted glass. Everything hurt. I imagine this is the agony experienced by starving people who try to eat, to force food down a restricted throat and into a constricted stomach.
Now I saw another shape beside Surfer-dude: Nymph-girl. So, not talking to me at all. I remembered something that Dino, from the CB airwaves, had saidLike psirens at sea, calling to sailors. Always get their man in the end and sink in those claws I feared she would have found me wherever I had gone/hidden.
I dropped into a squat because my head was light. They looked at me as if they had expected this, yet somehow I knew that the water I'd drank was no more sinister than water, so this wasn't poisoning. I guess this was just shock. These were the last guys I had expected to see here, this morning, because it had seemed like many weeks ago that I had sat in a pub with them, drowning my sorrows.
"Come on in, now," Nymph-girl said as she stepped out of the doorway and reached for me. She yanked me to my feet with surprising strength and steadied me while I swayed. "You want to see her, you have to walk, because you're too heavy to carry. Here, put this in your pocket." She waved my own wallet in front of me and I took it on the second snatch. The money was all gone, obviously.
"You didn't bring my luggage, too, did you?" I croaked.
Surfer-dude came out to help Nymph-girl. They took an arm each, slung them over their shoulders, and carried me as one might a drunken friend. I was careful not to let my hands bang against them, and to make sure they didn't bring their feet down on mine. Surfer-dude said, "No, cock, we didn't, but we dry-cleaned everything for you. Everything." They both laughed. Yeah, I guessed that meant they'd torched the cottage.
They led me through into the living room, laid me on a kissing chair. My girl's dad had bought it when we first got together (not me and her dad, of course!). The living room was a mix of old and modern, with at least one potted plant for every electrical item. It looked like some old granny's abode a month after her college student grandson had moved in.
"Wait here, and I'll check on her. No, no, don't eat anything. Water alone's bad enough for your system."
I had been reaching for a bowl of orange menthol chews with fruit poking out of it, but I stopped. I was very hungry, but I suddenly had a reason for the pain jabbing all over my body. Water, somehow. I shouldn't eat or drink.

***

I think I went out. One moment I was on the kissing chair, trying not to throw up, and really wanting one of those chews. One moment later, it seemed, I was again strung between Nymph-girl and Surfer-dude, closing on the main bedroom. The door was closed and there was a photo of a cartoon dog holding up a sign that was secured to his hand by Velcro. It said DO NOT DISTURB. On the other side, I knew, it said YOU MAY DISTURB. I had pinned the sign DO NOT-side out many times before. My girl kind of insisted, even if her dad was at work and we had the place to ourselves.
"She's prettier than I thought she'd be," Nymph-girl said right by my ear, so close I could feel her hot breath. It smelled of mint.
"Thanks," I said, deadpan. My voice was strong again, but I could almost feel a dividing line between my upper and lower body, and below that boundary energy just seemed to refuse to trespass. Were these my legs?
"Someone like you, bet you don't pull often."
"She's not as shallow as you, evidently."
"Aw, I didn't mean anything by that." She punched my arm playfully. Ah, but can it ever come across as playful when your kidnapper/drugger punches your arm?
"I just meant you obviously don't go out on the hunt often."
"Guess I'm not as shallow as you, either."
"What's the illness you have? Down's syndrome, is that the one?"
"Thanks."

***

I came back again. This time I was in the bedroom, sitting on the padded armchair my girl had facing her bed, from which, as a teenager, she would watch how boys lounged on her bed. The uncomfortable ones, she liked them. The ones who looked as if they were expecting to ingest her DNA before they left that bed, those guys got shown the door. My girl was no slapper. 
The forker the fucking forklift truck driver entered my head again. Smiling. I didn't like him smiling.
These days the chair was home to a platoon of teddy bears of varying sizes and colours. The pyramid-like arrangement was meant to signify an order of cuteness, with the cutest of all sitting proud at the top. Now, they were spread over the floor, kicked off the chair by Surfer-dude so there would be room for me. A furry green troll with lovable eyes and a tongue stitched to his cheek - to represent licking his lips, I guess - stared at me from the shadow thrown by the bed. Multi-winner of Cutest Teddy This Week, he had been cast down unloved today.
"Can't help you, dude," I told it.
"Lie back," the troll told me. My head had lolled forward, almost to my chin, but the troll used warm hands to pull me back and lay my head against the back of the armchair, propped there by a pillow so I could see the bed.
Surfer-dude stepped out in front of me. "Keep still," he said, and froze for a second, perhaps to illustrate. "You're just balanced there. It's the legs, yeah? You've fatigued them. The legs tend to shiver a lot, even if you're warm. I don't even notice these days. But it damn well saps the resources, I tell you. Look."
I looked down at his legs. Hairy, brown, muscular. "Very nice," I said.
"No, here, cock." I looked up again, half expecting him to now be pointing at his - but no, he was pointing at the bed. At my girl. It was dim in here because the only window, which was small and round and more like ship's porthole, didn't permit much light beyond a pale yellow shaft. It was a hazy room than induced tranquillity, which was what I always liked about it. Often I felt sleepy in here, seduced by the mellowing colours of posters and teddies and the stars painted on the black ceiling. Accordingly, I felt my eyelids slip over my eyes and, strangely, felt myself slipping into sleep.

***

Back again. Surfer-dude was trying to balance me on the chair again. I kept slipping to one side or another. It was almost funny, like a little war between us. I'm sure I started grinning. In the end, he had to use a bunch of teddies, cramming them into the spaces I didn't occupy, jamming me in place in the high-backed chair. It felt comfortable. He even used the toothy troll as a makeshift travel cushion on my shoulder to prop my head up.
"You missed it. She spoke aloud."
I looked. My girl lay in the centre of the double bed, atop the quilt, which lay haphazard, as if she had tossed and turned all night. She wore a tight bright green T-shirt and a pair of football shorts  her typical nightwear. This was a look and a scene I knew well. The only bit I wasn't familiar with was the thing wrapped around her left biceps.
Maybe he saw me looking at it. Maybe he was going to tell me anyway. "He pumped her. Lord knows how. Some shower attachment, some rubber pipe. You believe that? Watching her heart-rate now. It was low at first, but got better. She might make it. In time for you, I meant. Good old toothy-one, he still has all that knowledge in graffiti in dark alleyways in his brain. He thought you were a cunt, but look what he did for you."
For me? What did he do for me? Jesus, I needed sleep, and water. I should partake of neither, I knew. Not yet. Later, for sure.
"Silent at the back, silent at the back, that's all she ever-"
My girl spoke. We looked at her. I had never known her to speak in her sleep before. The drugs. What had they given her?
"Her?" Surfer-dude said, genuinely surprised. I must have wondered aloud. "Nothing. What made you think that?"
"Just me being silly, I guess. I just forgot about all the other times I came here to find her half-dead in bed, with strange bastards in her house."
My voice sounded strong now. I hoped that was a sign my strength was returning. I tried to lift a hand from the armrest, to point threateningly. It wouldn't come.
"For the next hour or so, you're the world's heaviest man, cock. You weigh hundreds of pounds. That's how it feels, anyhow. Watch."
He snatched away the troll from between my head and shoulder. My head flopped to my bony shoulder hard enough to sting my ear. It was painfully tight on the stretched side of my neck. I couldn't lift my head. Slowly, my head began to pull my body forward and to the side and I overbalanced despite the padding of teddies.
I hit the wooden armrest with my left arm and chest and it knocked the wind out of me. I felt as if I had fallen faster and harder than was natural, as if Earth's gravity had increased threefold, or as if someone had pushed me down with all their strength. Heaviest man on earth. That was bad. Superheroes needed to be lithe, quick. They didn't plod to the rescue like someone wading through quicksand. My head hung over the side of the chair, so heavy my skull might have been made of steel. It tugged on my neck painfully enough that I wondered if the flesh were going to tear, the bones shatter.
Surfer-dude was laughing. "Feels like you weigh ten times your weight, yeah? Freaky, that. I like the one where you feel really tall, like you're standing on a box, and it feels funny to step, because you can't quite shake the feeling that you're stepping off a high kerb. Dead funny at times. Especially watching women flail about like they're walking a tightrope or something." He stood before me. "Now, watch the world's strongest man in action."
He bent and picked me up, easily, and slung me over his shoulder. It was a fireman's lift, but it was also a carpet-fitter's lift - as one might carry out your old carpet to toss in a skip. Certainly I felt more like an old carpet than an inferno rescuee as he walked me over to the bed and flopped me down, hard. The bed shivered as I hit. Springs made a brief sound like a didgeridoo. My girl's body bounced and one arm slapped me in the face, bringing a dot of blood from one nostril. It felt very hot against my upper lip. I even felt the weight of that drop of liquid. Guess I had heavy blood, too.
What I felt under me was not soft sheets. I turned my eyes. Slowly, their weight on the side of my head turned my head to the left. It hurt, but now at least I was able to see what I lay on with my girl. I could smell her female scent.
Her jaw was loose, tongue visible resting against her teeth, like a nosey snake that lived in her gut but did not dare fully expose itself. Snot was caked under her nose. Her hair was a mess, stuck to her pajamas and face with sweat. But she was my girl and she looked beautiful, as always. She would look good floating in a bath of shit. She would look good half-decomposed.
The thought of death brought me back to the here and now. We were in her quaint bedroom, lying on her bed as we had done a hundred times, maybe three hundred. But things were different now, and I knew I had to pass on comfort. If I allowed myself to be mellowed in mind as well as body, I was done. There was a sheet of clear, thick plastic beneath us, which could be present only for one reason. The same reason that, I now noticed, Surfer-dude was wearing plastic bags tied around his shoes, and a pair of latex gloves. He looked like some cop perusing a crime scene. 
But this wasn't a crime scene yet.
"What's with the face studs and the blue hair and stuff? You look like a Pokmon character."
Pokmon. Somehow, that made me think of my hands, my weapons. I hadn't lost power. Like a computer short on memory, that power was not missing or corrupted, it just lay elsewhere, in use by another part of my body running some other program. I needed to reroute power, that was all.
I tried to speak, but it was tough. As I opened my mouth, I could feel other places in my body weakening yet further. I was draining myself. I ignored my mouth. I closed my eyes so valuable power wouldn't be wasted as my brain deciphered sights. I lay back, head to one side still, eyes closed, mouth closed, mind blank except for a simple picture, in black and white strangely, of my right arm. Just my arm, disembodied. It lay there, floating in black air like a derelict craft in deep space. All the veins and arteries were glowing as if filled with luminous blood. And now I imagined those arteries expanding, pumping more blood into the muscles. The arm grew as I watched, like some leech feeding on blood. As it grew, so would my power. I put so much thought and energy into that right arm, into focusing on it, that I became aware of it lying beside me. I felt the skin enveloping it, and the ball joint in my elbow, and the tendons that held meat to bone. I felt the fleshy cogs and winches in my shoulder, the source of power for that arm. The cogs thickened, the winches gained more mass. The arm grew. I felt it get heavier as it grew, as if it were like a car taking on petrol.
Surfer-dude was standing before the bed, arms on hips, as if planning what next to do. He said, "You wanna know what the mixture was? My toothy friend, playing with chemicals and drugs, got himself written off. Silly bastard. He actually became a doctor only so he could help out his hypochondriac mum and himself. Treat himself, you know? Good idea, if you think about it. Why shouldn't people learn all they can about protecting and fixing their own body? He was high for years way back. I get the hardcore stuff we use, but he knows more about the mixing. They were all up to it in his circle. Doctors and pharmacists, eh? Worst drug dealers of all, albeit the cheapest."
"What is it?" My voice croaked, but that was good - it meant only minimal power was being allocated there, which saved more for my escape attempt.
"Eh?"
"The cocktail. Mixture."
He perked up. "Ah. Cocktail, that's a better word. I'll have that. Trial and error for the toothy one, it was. Days of puking, falling unconscious. But that's how you progress, eh? Trial and error."
"What is it?"
"Get this. Speed, for speed. Boosted, diluted, enhanced, warped, whatever, by Mescaline, X amount. That was the last part of the equation. It used to be LSD, but the trips were too much, they distorted the visuals too much. Lowered reaction time because of LSD - so, mescaline. A natural substitute."
"Just what I was thinking. What else?"
"In the cocktail, you mean? Alcohol. 'There seems ever to have been a proneness in the brilliant and warm-blooded to fall into this vice.' Abraham Lincoln."
"Well memorized for just such a moment. The gin?"
"The gin. But I have whisky, Malibu, all the usual stuff. It's a pub, remember."
"You feed mescaline and speed and alcohol to your customers?"
"Oh yeah, one-fifty for a shot of vodka, speed, mescaline and GHB? Have I got 'idiot' written on my forehead? I'd look like you. Nay, only special customers get my special brew. Wayward travellers. People who lose their souls when they lose their girlfriends. People I'd like to help."
"People you want to use."
"People I see fit for the job. Your sink leaks, you call a plumber, yeah?"
"I fix it myself. Then I go to the toilet, and I even manage to wipe my own arse. And after the exertion of tightening a nut on the leaky sink!"
"Alcohol. That's what's bringing the sarcastic, aggressive part of you out. Prolonged. Ever been this drunk before for so long?"
"I'm not drunk."
He laughed. "I watched you drink at least eight shots' worth. It's affecting you now as potently as it did seven hours ago. You don't stumble or mumble because the speed's forcing you along, and the mescaline is keeping your brain active. There's an appetite suppressant, too, which is why you won't want to or be able to eat until after you sleep. And it'll be a long sleep, maybe twenty hours. And you'll suffer, because today you put yourself through hell and didn't even know it. Check this."
He lifted my girl's hand mirror and held it over me, showed me my own face.
At first the dirt shocked me. I was as grimy as a clumsy coalman after a double shift. Then I looked past that to the bruised forehead, coming up big and purple now. I thought if any more blood rushed to my head, the studs would pop like bullets and do damage to anything in my line of sight. The nose and eyes were heavily bloodshot, the eyelids drooping. How I had missed this in the pub mirror earlier, I don't know. Maybe my brain was selecting what it wanted to see, to keep me motivated and unencumbered by fear of harm. Certainly I was having trouble concentrating for any length on any one matter. Here, now, already my mind was asking me another question, one unrelated to my bruised face, and as nothing more than an extension of my thoughts, my mouth formed the words in the air.
"What's GBH?"
He froze. "Eh? You mean the assault thing? Grievous bodily harm?"
Now I was puzzled. Hadn't he mentioned GBH as some kind of "Drug?"
He perked. "GHB." He snorted a laugh. "Gamma-hydroxybutyrate, called GHB. Sodium of some sort. I got the technical name memorized to get the girls."
"I thought you'd have rohypnol for that, pal."
"Funny. Well, the GHB is the most effective way to cancel out my cocktail. Unfortunately you shouldn't eat or drink anytime close to when you have it. It reacts with the cocktail. Dunno how. We didn't research. We just didn't eat or drink on trip nights.  The first bout of GHB come-down nausea was warning enough, as will yours be."
I thought about the bottle of water he had given me. I had forgotten about the gin bottle, how it was sealed yet contained something foreign. Maybe this guy had the means to make and seal bottles. He used bottles in business as a pub landlord, after all. I tried not to think about him in Asda, planting bottles on shelves. Strangely, I wasn't annoyed about being drugged by Surfer-dude  again.
"You could have just told me. Thanks."
"Gotta be in the valleys to fully appreciate the mountains."
"So what happens now?"
"Your hand hurt?" He pointed at my right arm. I looked. I was actually able to raise my head from the bed and look down at the arm now curled on my stomach. Muscles in the wrist shivered as I opened and closed my fist. I felt the nails dig into my palm each time and knew that that arm had power now, all the power in the world. I raised that arm and put the hand to my mouth and spat on it. The effort was immense and took everything from me. The arm dropped onto my chest. I looked at the knuckles and the back of the hand. The skin was slick, glistening like a slug trail. There were droplets of water there, too, held in perfect little spheres by the oily gunk. God help anything that got in the way of that fist. 
"It's fine," I said. "Pins and needles."
Just then my girl broke into a fit. She jerked like a woman fed an electric current. Spit and more snot oozed from her mouth and nose. My heart lurched and I feared losing her. And that brief lurch in my chest was better than any therapy. Suddenly, I didn't want her to die.  Didn't want to know that lurching feeling again. It made me feel lost and empty. I didn't think I could cope with that feeling for the rest of my life. How close had I come to losing her?
"What's wrong with her?" I said. I lifted that big right arm of mine and laid it over her, using my fingers to wipe away the crap from her face.
Surfer-dude looked at me as you might look at an insect doing something unexpected - vague intrigue. "OD. Insulin. She's diabetic, eh? We saved her for you."
He looked almost proud, as if he wanted thanks. "For me?" I think I knew what he meant, but I needed to be sure.
He moved around the bed, to the bedside cabinet. I watched him. The cabinet was cluttered with make-up, two books on Sudoku, and paperclips, from which my girl liked to fashion jewellery for her teddies. He lifted something I hadn't seen. It looked like a cigar box, but I knew this was my girl's insulin pack. He took out a syringe, already filled. And then a couple more.
"We got here early, but already she was having heart palpitations. Toothy sorted her out before she could have a heart attack. Pumped her stomach for good measure, too."
I tried to take in what he was telling me. "Suicide?"
He nodded. "Guilt, I guess. Too late now, though. You still need to kill her, of course?"
It was a question. I coughed, took a breath. "No, the vote wasthey voted to forgive her. It was a draw."
"Draw," he murmured, giggling. "I didn't know this was a game. Death's no game, cock. Who voted to forgive her? People who never met her, I bet."
Just like you guys, I thought. "People out there. Good minds. Good arguments."
"Good arguments." Now he looked annoyed. "So what was the vote? How many for and against?"
You know, I couldn't quite remember. 3-2? 4-3? Truth was, as the night progressed, I pushed my girl and her impending death out of my mind. I had been more concerned with getting to her, not deciding whether or not to kill her. And now I was here, next to her, seeing her all messed up, smelling blood and snot and puke, all I wanted to do was protect her. That was what men did for their women. A man who protected his woman was her own private superhero. Let the cops watch over the rest of the world. I wanted only to take care of my girl.
"Not sure. Close. But it's decided."
"Decided?" He seemed angry now.
Below us, a door slammed. Surfer-dude rushed to the window, murder apparently forgotten for the moment, twisted the handle and threw the window wide. He took a plastic flower from a vase on the sill and, leaning out so he could peer down, tossed it into the impalpable slipstream of gravity. I saw it get rapidly sucked downward, out of sight.
He giggled when a female voice - I say female, but of course I knew it was Nymph-girl who had exited the front door right below us -  swore up at him with playful undertones. There was a pause, then Surfer-dude said, "I wish gold would rain from the sky for you."
Again the pause. Nymph-girl speaking too quietly for her sounds to carry the eight feet past Surfer-dude and to where I lay on the bed. Surfer-dude's reply was, "No, just getting there. I'd come down if it was already done, wouldn't I?"
"..."
"Just the knife, why? Dead basic." He held out the weapon in question, as if Nymph-girl might never before have seen such an item.
"..."
He shrugged. "Okay. Not a problemo. What are you doing now, sorting the van?"
"..."
"Yeah, okay. Five minutes. Toss me -"
"..."
"Look at you, smartass. I'll leave it tied then, eh? Few hours, to make sure, eh?" He laughed. "Toss me the keys. I'll lock up after."
He stepped to one side, clearing the window. A moment later there was a clack as a set of keys hit the window and bounced off. Surfer-dude laughed. He plucked and tossed another flower, then stepped aside quickly with an exclamation as the same set of keys hurtled fast and hard enough through the window to hit the ceiling before thudding to the carpet. Surfer-dude picked them up and stuck his head out the window again.
"Guess what, babe? He really went out to get votes, just like we said" A pause, then he laughed. "He looks the sort" He laughed again, then paused. After a few seconds passed, he shouted out, "Okay, see you there in a minute." He closed the window and stood there facing it, his hand on the handle. Even from behind, he looked like a guy who knew he had a tough, unpleasant task ahead.
"It's boom day, cock. The plan's on. See, we guys stick to -" He was turning round as he spoke. Seeing me now, he stopped. He seemed to have suffered nothing more than the equivalent of a scratch on a CD, because after a moment he continued as if he had not just witnessed a shocking sight. "- a plan."
I stood there, facing him, swaying a little on weak legs. But the weakness was natural, if that makes sense. I knew my body ached because it had been on the move all night, not because it had been drugged. I felt nothing of the drug any more. Not the one Surfer-dude had given me in a water bottle - there was no nausea. Not the cocktail he had supplied in bottle of gin - there was no ego, no sense of purpose. Right now, I was just some guy in his girl's house, facing off against a guy who shouldn't be here and wanted to do us both harm.
"There's enough to go round. You can do her, as planned, and I'll do you. Then it's not suicide and you won't go to hell." He twiddled the syringes in his hands, perhaps expecting me to ask for them. "Not for the suicide, anyway. Maybe for murder." He looked embarrassed because he'd given his sales pitch without thinking it through. I grinned at him and that seemed to stoke his fire.
"What's so fucking funny?"
"Boom day?"
He shrugged. "Cheesy name, I know, but why not, eh? Better than Murder-of-many-people day, you think?"
"Tell it like it is, I say."
"So what now? What's the plan?"
I think he was asking what I planned to do now. What was my next move? Well, I had travelled through hell and high water to get here to be with my girl. And now that I was here, some twat was hoping to kill us both and wrap our bodies in plastic and perhaps dump us in the local river, or throw us out at the scene of their bombing and hope our mutilated corpses were considered victims of the terrorist attack at the train station. Call me a stick in the mud, but I didn't like that idea. I told him now wordlessly by raising my hands in a boxer's stance.
"You're an ungrateful bastard, you know? If you now don't want to kill that whore, you should certainly be grateful that we saved her for you. If we hadn't been here, you would have found her dead and with her pants full of shit and piss."
And there it was. He was right. If they hadn't come here, she would have died by her own hand. The moment she put that sex tape on for me a world and an age ago at the cottage, she was a dead woman walking, and there was nothing I could do about it, especially not after she took the car and left. What had I been doing while she was injecting herself with a fatal dose of insulin? Trying on Tattoo-guy's spiked trainers? Conversing over the airwaves with Cleo and Dino? Tossing dead people into a river? Tough to think that I was oblivious to her plight as she injected herself. So overcome with guilt had she obviously been, she had decided to end her own life. A death sentence was a death sentence, it didn't matter that the executioner had not been me.
 I was filled with a sense of purpose again as I stood facing off against Surfer-dude, fists up. If I hadn't gone to the Dark Cave... If these guys hadn't chased me out... If Tattoo-guy hadn't found me... If Coyote hadn't found me... A thousand things had had to happen last night as part of God's design to put me here in this room, right now, with these people, and that meant there was still a plan in effect, which meant there was still a deliberate ending to come. And sure as shit it involved my girl and me in continued life.
Surfer-dude and his cohorts had held up their end: they had come and they had saved my girl from the destructive power of her own guilt. Now it was my turn to save her from them, as they surely would have killed her had I not made it here. What a waste of everyone's time if I didn't do what was expected of me now.
I didn't want to lose her. I wanted eternal pain more than I wanted that.
I let my left hand drop. My right arm tingled and the knuckles sparkled under the glare of the ceiling light. This was a scene for my right arm only, for it was where all my rage and power and skill resided, and it was there for this one battle against this supervillain.
Surfer-dude put up his own hands.
I took a step forward and swung a punch with my right arm. It came at Surfer-dude in slow-mo. I saw his eyes watching the fist come, even saw them register mirth as it swept slowly past his face. The momentum made me stagger into him and he laughed. laughed as he got me upright like a man helping his drunk friend. He got me balanced and stepped back two feet and tapped his cheek.
"You get a free shot," he said. "One. And then I unleash." He was grinning, but there was something else there. It was a game to him, but the fun was wearing thin. He had murder planned here, cold and evil, and he was getting worked up, readying himself for the act. But he needed a final push. He was balanced on the edge of commitment and if I hit him in the face, even softly, that was going to do it. He knew it and I could see he knew it.
"Do it for your girl," he snapped at me. There was anger there. Never easy to kill someone in cold blood, but for sure he felt it would be easier if I attacked him. So I put up my arm in front of me, as if for a mid-air arm-wrestle, and bent my wrist so my fist pointed at him. Creases appeared on his forehead. Puzzled. This was no way to punch someone. The Incredible Hulk couldn't get power into a punch thrown like that. It was a cartoon punch. It was a joke. It said I was taking the piss.
"Stop playing. You want to save your girl?"
Now he looked angry. He needed that final push, that straw to break the camel's back, and this wasn't the way it was going to happen. But I stood there with my right arm looking like a swan's neck and said nothing and let him get angrier. And he did. Told me again to do it right. Told me I was condemning my girl to death. Then his eyes blazed real angry and something came over them and spread down his face and curled a grin on his lips. The push. The straw. It had come. Anger had done it.
"Do it," he said, calmly. In his head, I would punch and he wouldn't feel it, and then he'd unleash and it would all be over.
"Sure thing," I said, and swan-pecked my right fist into Surfer-dude's shocked face.
My hand bounced off as fast as it had arrived, so powerful the recoil that I my body twisted and I tripped over my own crossed legs. I landed hard on the carpet and curled immediately into a ball, my shattered right hand clutched against my chest and spraying blood against my neck, into my coveralls. The amount of pain was just silly. Pain is the body's way of telling us there's something wrong, that this hurting area needed attention - well I fucking knew that already, I could see the blood and the injury, and the agony was just overkill. The pain could stop now, thank you. Bad hand, blood, need doctor - got it!
I drew in slow breaths and spat them out full of saliva and drops of blood because I had bitten my tongue at some point. I lay there and breathed like an asthmatic boar, eyes open, never blinking, staring. Surfer-dude lay before me, still and dead, the upturned side of his face ruined. It was sunken and disfigured and bloody and it looked painful, but Surfer-dude didn't seem to feel it. Here the pain had been elevated to such an intense level the body had decided that there was no coming back, and it had shut itself down.
"I win," I croaked.
I cupped my hands over my mouth and bent over and spat, repeatedly. I did this, carefully of course, until my mouth was empty and my hands were coated in gunk, and then I wiped that gunk, carefully of course, on the corner of the bedside cabinet. My mouth tasted foul and I was sure I'd swallowed some of the gunk. Should I worry about volatile stomach acids and internal destruction? Nah, a bit of potassium chlorate never hurt anyone.
I went to my girl. There was heat in my legs now, as if I had just applied Deep Heat. I didn't know what that meant, but it felt good. You have to be without the use of your legs for a time in order to fully realise just how much they mean to you. I wanted to kiss my feet for keeping me mobile. I made a note in my head: learn to walk on your hands, just in case. Just in case. It beats relying on wheelchair access. If ever I came across Tattoo-guy again, I'd share this gem with him.
My girl was limp but breathing and warm. Not dead. "Maybe I should thank Teeth-bloke for you," I said to her. Teeth-bloke! I rubbed my teeth with a corner of the quilt to remove a film of gunk from them. I spat carefully into my hands, removing the rest of the gunk, and wiped it on the quilt. I laid the quilt back down and sat next to my girl and took her hand. Very hot, it was. Not warm, hot. Hot enough to make me worry just as much as if her flesh had been cold.
"Baby! Baby!"
Muffled through the closed window, Nymph-girl's screaming voice. I looked briefly at the window, although I couldn't exactly see sounds, could I? Smiled down at my girl again. I remembered Teeth-bloke. "I'll have to thank him a lot later, I think."
"Baby! Kill him, gut him, cut his fucking balls off!"
Oh yes, Teeth-bloke. Maybe she'd found him.
"Baby, cut her eyes out, her fucking eyes, slice them, fuuuuuck!"
Yep, she'd found him.
"Jesus, he saved her, and look what he's done, fuuuuck! Kill!"
Hey, hey, I didn't know Teeth-bloke had once been a surgeon or doctor or whatever! I didn't know he'd saved my girl's life. He should have said something when I approached the blue van as it sat parked in the tunnel. But no, he'd watched me walk up to him, the merest hint of surprise on his face. I took out the knife and showed it him. I grinned at him. I even said something, some cheap threat I don't remember now. And all that took time, time aplenty for him to tell me what he'd done and to beg for his life. But he hadn't, so I'd killed him. Should I be blamed for that? What, I'm a clairvoyant? It had been his own silly fault. Maybe in the next life he'll remember his mistakes and will thus live a longer life. All's well that ends well, I guess.
Send her to me, said a broken voice, gargling blood. I jumped back, shocked, half expecting Surfer-dude - I had thought he was dead! - to lunge at me with a sudden explosion of energy - like the sort I had had throughout this night. But he just lay there, as close to death as you could get without starting to decompose. Fingernails jammed in the doorway between this world and the next, blocking passage for all others, he hung on, perhaps just long enough for this final request. Send her to me.
Nymph-girl, did he mean? Send Nymph-girl to him? Pause our war just long enough for me to call Nymph-girl and let her come sit by her man in his final moments? I was reminded of the story of the battle of Troy in which Achilles paused the attack on that famous city for twelve days while its people buried Prince Hector.
She cant wait. I dont want to wait.
Impatient. But I considered his request. And it sounded like a trap. Let Nymph-girl into this room? Ha, no! No fool, me.
Too many years. Kill her anyway. And with that, he exited stage down.
As I watched his body relax after its final breath, like a balloon deflating, I realised my error. Surfer-dude hadnt wanted me to bring Nymph-girl into this room for a final goodbye: he wanted me to kill her so she could join him in the next world. I didnt know if that was extreme love or just insane selfish jealousy. I thought there might be only one way to know for sure.
The woman in question was still screaming. Screaming like that in this neighbourhood was apt to make someone call the police and -
Ah, the emergency services - a great idea. An ambulance for my girl. Thanks, Nymph-girl. I headed out of the room and down the stairs. My girls mobile phone was where she always left it - hanging by its strap from a nail above the fireplace. I snatched it up.
When I threw open the front door, it was with my strength fully returned. I shivered with power once more. Was this the drugs again? Irrelevant. I think I had obtained the energy to do something Fate had planned for me, and nothing more. Just as minute women can find the power to lift crumpled cars off their babies, before returning to a status of normality.
Nymph-girl was out there, approaching from the direction of the tunnel, where the blue van was. Where Teeth-bloke sat in the driver's seat with a knife in his heart. She stopped. She looked down at my ruined hand. I looked, too. Blood was leaking onto the doorstep and pooling around my training shoes. My hand was the only place on my body that wasnt cold; it was in fact screaming hot. I stuffed it in my pocket, ignoring the pain as my shattered fingers caught and bent as they were forced into the cotton cave.
Youre not my baby, she said. The way she said it, it was as if God had descended from the Heavens and told her that only one man would walk out of that house alive. The fear of major loss was written on her pale face. Her head began to shake slowly, as if she were trying to wrestle the truth into silence, preferring to keep her hopes up.
I saw faces at windows. In homes, in the offices. All the shouting, I guess. Nymph-girl didnt look too imposing, so wouldnt have made people reach for phones. I lifted my girls now and tapped out the number for the emergency services. I told the operator that I needed an ambulance for a girl whod had an insulin overdose. Nymph-girl just stared at me. Fifteen feet separated us, but I could see in her eyes that there was still hope for her Surfer-dude. That hope held her frozen in place, much as you might remain in place after a horrible fall or car crash - fearful that even the slightest move might make things worse.
And theres a guy with no head, I added for her sake. The operator said something I couldnt hear because Nymph-girl immediately let out a low howl, like a domestic cats mating call, only longer and louder and far more chilling. It was a horrible sound. I felt sorry for her. You dont ever want to hear that sound. Not from a loved one, not from a bloodthirsty serial slayer. It put goose pimples on my forearms.
Kneel and I will send you to him. He wants that. I waited. She cursed the day my mother had met my father, and that was answer enough for me: Surfer-dude was a selfish, jealous man. Sorry, dude, I think youre in for a long wait. Shes not going anyway just yet.
Actually she did go somewhere. She spun on her heels and walked away, slowly, almost calmly. Thinking. Calm and thinking was worse than angry and confused. I thought of the old saying that began "Hell hath no fury..." Suddenly I was scared and the shivering was no longer just from lack of heat due to blood loss. I started to feel a bit dizzy. Soon, Id be lying on my back like Surfer-dude, perhaps staring into the face of my enemy and pleading with her to send my girl to me. I didnt like the idea of waiting, either.
I shook my head, bringing me back to my senses. Nymph-girl was gone. I looked up the street, I looked over at gardens, and I even looked in the doorway behind me. But she was gone. I think I knew where. If Nymph-girl did plan to follow her man after all, she certainly wasnt going to go quietly by my hand. The Shepherds still had a mission today. Two birds with one stone, so to speak.
An engine rumbled into life.
From under the tunnel, which was like a giant barrel, a large metal object emerged, which was like a giant bullet. Nymph-girl rode Axe-wielders Goldwing, dragging its trailer. They'd had it all cleaned and freshened up, ready for its big day. It dwarfed her, but she had it subdued - nay, even tamed - like a jockey controlling a horse. It was obvious to me that this was not the first time she had ridden the bike, nor the second or tenth.
A quick glance left at me, without emotion. That usually meant all the brains energy was feeding the roiling mind, and I fearfully wondered what schemes were brewing in her psyche. Then she was facing front again and guiding the bike like a missile along the narrow street. So wide was the bike, wider even than its trailer, she had to boycott the lanes and travel along the dotted white line down the centre of the road. There seemed to be only a few feet between the handlebars and the cars parked on either side of the road, but that wasnt a worry since Nymph-girl held a perfectly straight line, as if laser-guided. The end of the road got awfully close and a rising fear caught my breath. I feared that Nymph-girl would turn the corner and that the fading roar of the engine would sing her farewell. That fear was a sharp realisation that I didnt want that. 
I didnt want her to leave? What did that mean?
I ran out into the centre of the flat lollipop, eyes fixed on the bike, almost willing my gaze to become a beam of glue that would slow and stop the bike. Somehow, I couldnt let her leave. I didnt know what it would mean if she did, but I knew enough to not desire it. Puzzling though that was, it was a deep instinct that had watched over me in times of danger previously, and I couldnt now ignore it after all its prior input.
The Goldwing had big mirrors like the antennae of a snail. At this distance, the small mirrors were just dots, but I fancied that I could see Nymph-girls face reflected in them, primarily her eyes as they stared not at the road but at me. Nothing but me. I just stood there and let the feeling of loss ooze out of me like sweat. This wasnt over, I knew.
I saw the brake light flash on as the bike slowed. I just stood there. There was no need to hunt this prey, for it would come to me, pushed by an engine of anger, fuelled by revenge. As much as I wanted to tear Nymph-girls life from her soul for what she had done to my girl, she surely wanted to kill me because I had taken away her Surfer-dude. 
The bike leaned, veered towards one kerb, then cut an arc the other way as Nymph-girl curled the bike back in my direction. I heard the rumble of the engine as she accelerated. Fate was coming at me.
I thought back to earlier. After I had put the knife deep into Teeth-bloke's chest. Before going to knock on my girl's front door, I had gone to the back of the van, where the Goldwing had been parked, hidden by the bigger vehicle. I had opened its trailer and put my hand in. A small scoop of the gloop inside. I had thought about smearing it under my armpit, or in my pants. In the end I had decided to smear it in my mouth, in my cheeks. That had been improvisation. Something I had thought of only after I'd opened the trailer. I'd opened the trailer for an entirely different reason.
I lifted my girls mobile phone and hit the green button, which dialled the number on the screen. It was Coyotes number. As I waited for the connection, I watched Nymph-girl and the Goldwing growing larger, coming closer. In a dead end street, she came at me like a bullet.
I held my breath. The roar of the bike was like some animals growl in the seconds before it would strike. The Goldwing came ever closer.
If I wanted to speak to you, Id bloody well answer, wouldnt I? So leave a message, and if youre lucky as hell, I might get back to you.
Coyotes voice, a recorded message for a diverted call. My heart sank. Deep in the Goldwings trailer, submerged in a bath of potassium chlorate and petroleum jelly, the mobile phone belonging to Coyote failed to receive the call, failed to vibrate in response, and failed to initiate the metal-rending, blood-spattering, explosive destruction of bike and passenger. Either I had stuffed the phone too deep into the gloop or the trailer's lid cut off the signal. Nymph-girl came on, unstoppable.
I held my ground, fighters stance. On she came, the bikes engine uttering a growl of impending doom. I cancelled out everything but Nymph-girls pale, cartoon-princess face, much like the iris closing in on James Bond at the beginning of each of his movies, after hes spun and shot at the camera. It was all I saw, growing in my vision. There was no body beneath that face, no bike under the body, no world around the bike. I concentrated on my right hand, the source of all my power. The rest of my body was nothing but a mechanism existing only to throw that clenched fist.
Then I became aware of heat in that fist. Then pain. Suddenly I was aware of that ravaged hand, torn apart by an explosive material. Pain, more pain. I looked down, seeing dripping blood and hanging flesh, and the pain hit me like heat from an oven, and I dropped to my knees and covered my throbbing hand with my good hand, which increased the pain to a level that made me cry out. Droplets of potassium chlorate that had remained in my mouth after cleaning were ejected out onto the tarmac, where they created a tiny fizzle as they exploded. The sound was much like that you might hear if you dropped a hot pinhead into a bucket of cold water.
I dialled the number again and waited. The bike came on, unstoppable. 
The phone rang. But nothing happened.
The ringing wasn't loud - I didn't hear it over the bike's engine - but it was loud enough to shock Nymph-girl. I saw her jerk in the seat, her head twisting round. I saw the bike wobble as she jerked the handlebars. I saw the bike topple. Nymph-girl went underneath the big beast of a bike. Bike and girl tumbled and bounced, but at that point I was watching the trailer. Wrenched free from the bike's towbar, the trailer rolled onward, coming at me. I stumbled aside and my head followed it as it rolled past me. I shut out all noise of screeching metal and screeching girl and watched the four-wheeled wooden box roll towards the end of the street.
The front wheels hit the kerb and bounced up. The back wheels hit and slammed the front pair back down. The trailer bounced and swayed and settled and was still. I waited for Google Earth to become out of date. I waited to hit the skies like Superman. But there was no explosion. That was when I became aware that I was on my knees, fingers digging into my face with the tension, like some teenager watching a scary film. I saw blood on my fingertips when I pulled them away. Then I turned my head and looked for my enemy.
I crawled over to her as she lay dead some ten feet from the ruined bike. She looked like a rape victim, all torn clothing and bloody skin. I leaned over her, trying to see into her eyes. They were open, but glassy. 
She reached for me. For assistance? Or to try to crush my life away with the last of her strength? Something glinted in the rising sun. It was my ring. There it was on her finger, where shed put it after taking it from me. I reach for her, put our fingers together, and slipped the ring from digit to digit. Another girl deserved that ring.
I rushed into the house as quickly as I could, into my girls bedroom. She was out. I could hear sirens. Some nosey do-gooder had called one of the emergency services, probably the cops. So I would call my own ambulance. I slipped the ring onto my girls finger and held her hand. Screaming out on  the street. I caught the irony: as one awaited siren approached, a despised psiren exited.
I kissed my girl and lay beside her. Obviously I couldnt sleep, because the authorities were coming, but at long last I felt I occupied a place that was comfortable enough to allow me to do so, and I really wanted to. As if realising this also, my eyelids started to get heavy. The pain slipped away like a courteous friend. Two minutes, I thought. Ill just have two minutes sleep until the knock on the door and the next stage of all this shit. Police, hospitals, questions, etc. Two minutes, please, God, I said aloud, and closed my eyes. I believe I fell asleep instantly.
God, if such an entity existed, must have felt sorry for me, or felt willing to reward my actions. He gave me my two minutes and a whole extra one before I heard loud rapping on the door. But I ignored it. The door was shut and there was nothing out there to make the police think this house was special. They'd be knocking on all the doors, trying to find out what happened. I could have more time. I wanted a year to lay here with my girl, but knew that would not happen. I would have to get up sometime and face the music. As I looked at my girl, I was reminded of the last time I had loved her, and that made a number jump in my head.
Twenty-six minutes would do it. I would rest for twenty-six minutes. Then the long day would begin.

THE END

