

PIVOT

By L.C. Barlow


Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013 L.C. Barlow
All rights reserved.
License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, places, events, or locales is purely coincidental.
Adult Reading Material
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com

Table of Contents
Chapter 1 - PREPARE
Chapter 2 - WHEN A BODY EAT A BODY
Chapter 3 - ATEMPORAL HIGH
Chapter 4 - WAKE UP
Chapter 5 - ROLAND
Chapter 6 - PERFECTION
Chapter 7 - INHALE
Chapter 8 - ONE, FOR THE MONEY
Chapter 9 - ECONOMICS
Chapter 10 - EQUILIBRIUM
Chapter 11 - MEND
Chapter 12 - DESIRE
Chapter 13 - DJ VU
Chapter 14 - THE MAN WITH STARS IN HIS BODY
Chapter 15 - SEX
Chapter 16 - PANIC
Chapter 17 - LOVE
Chapter 18 - SCREAM
Chapter 19 - RELAX
Chapter 20 - THE DESTRUCTION OF FAITH
Chapter 21 - A DIFFERENT BREED
Chapter 22 - RUPTURE
Chapter 23 - THE SHARKS THAT DON'T BITE
Chapter 24 - EVERYTHING WILL BE ALRIGHT
Chapter 25 - SUBLIME
Chapter 26 - GONE
Chapter 27 - MARGARET
Chapter 28 - THE BRIM
Chapter 29 - THE MASTER
Chapter 30 - WELCOME
Chapter 31 - TRUTH


For all those who hope, laugh, love, dream, and cling to these things, no matter the peril.

Chapter 1
PREPARE
My roommate leaves me notes on rose petals.
Tonight, they read:
"I'll be"
"Back"
"Very"
"Late"
It was a black pen on red petals.  Her flowers must be dying again.
It's 12:00 in the evening, and I'm still electrifyingly awake.  But I'm not waiting up for her.  I'm waiting up for me.
For Patrick.
I think I'm going to tell him tonight.  Should I say it to him, or write it to him?  How many rose petals would that take?  Trillions.
And then some.
Actually, there are probably enough petals.  Just never enough words.
But I will confide in him.  I will.  I will.  I will.  Will I?
I am waiting for the knock.  Then we will go to his loft, as we always do.  It makes me happy.  It keeps us sane.  This is a college town, with college students everywhere.  They can hardly drive straight.  Boys and girls and money and toys.  Thank God we have each other.
The text Patrick sent me today reads...  It doesn't matter what it reads.  It was hilarious.  He always is.  In a good, numb way.
Tonight is the night before Halloween.  Or, I suppose it is now the thirty-first.  Hooray.
Do you know what our plan is?  Two Xanax each plus two beers.  That'll get us to the summit of that haunted house.  We'll get our hundred dollars back.  Sure, the zombies, the vampires, the ghosts, the psychopaths, always the psychopaths, will terrify us, maybe even grab us, maybe even choke us (exciting!), but we are professional concocters of eau de numb.  Our trek to the top will be beautifully automatic.  Is that cheating?  I suppose we cheat.
That is, if Patrick will speak to me after tonight.
But I should let him know.  I should.  Everything.
When I do, I hope this trap that binds my neck will let loose.  I hope my throat will be uncorked once again.  I hope, I hope, that someone good will accept what I have to tell him.
But is tonight really the night?
Is my story wholly true?
Is Patrick not at least a little bad?
I want the release.  Does it exist?
I do not think so.  This whole idea is a lunatic's.
But there is the knock!  Like the lowest, deadest bell in the world.  Now to turn the petals around for my roommate and add a few.
"I'll be"
"Back"
"Even"
"Later"
When Patrick comes in, he writes, "You're lovely," on all the other petals littered about her pink vase, and he thrusts them over her desk and chair, singing that there's no earthly way of knowing where we're going or where we're rowing.  He adds there's no knowing which direction our river is flowing, and it does not seem as though he questions the current of water, but the current of life.
He grabs my hands, clasps them together so that I clap, pulls them wide so that I'm spread, and then dances me in circles.  He croons the dark lines from Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory's "Wondrous Boat Ride," twisting the already devious words deliciously, coating them in his magical whiskey breath.  I laugh as we jump to my bed, our dirty shoes marking the pillows.  
His eyes explode to their widest as he sings of raining and snowing and hurricanes blowing, and as if on cue, in the distance I hear the thunder of a storm on the rise.  He pulls me to him, and I grin.  I've heard him sing this song so many times when he is high or drunk or happy or sad.  I say it with him, picturing my eyes like a child's, my cheeks rosy.  We tell each other that the danger must be growing, for those that row us keep on rowing, never stopping, never slowing.  
As he begins the song again, louder, faster, his hot breath grazes my lips, and his maniacal eyes take me in hard to ensure he has captured me.  I remark that there is a speck of white glitter on his brow, and I know.  It would be wrong to wipe all that dazzles away.
Tonight is not the night.

Chapter 2
WHEN A BODY EAT A BODY
"Jack."
I remember the first time Cyrus said my name, purposefully, heavy.
We were in a smoking room with red velvet floors, wooden walls, and gold molding. I was five. The ceiling was covered in angels and blue. My tongue stuck to the roof of my mouth as I swallowed, but I went to him.
The room with its portraits and crystal swayed out when I stood beside his chair. It disappeared when I looked into his eyes. They were hazel, fickle, and cold.
Damn I was young.
"What does your Mother tell you?" he asked.
I did not understand. "What?" I said.
"What does she tell you about, say, me?"
He took a sip from a velvety brown liquid in a beautiful glass. The glass sparkled in the dim light.
"Nothing," I said. This seemed to please him.
He shook his head, his thin cream lips pursed in a meaningful smirk, and I felt as though there was something more there beneath the surface than in others. I both liked and disliked it.
"What does she say about our church?"
"It's everything."
"It is everything." He shook his head, smiled, set his glass down on the table, and he took my hands. One of his palms felt moist and hot, the other cool.
"And what does she say about you?"
At this, I did not reply until he encouraged me and kissed my hands.
"That I don't belong here," I replied.
"That's quite dark."
I remember giggling, because I didn't know what he meant.
"Let us see what God has to say about it, hm? Or, at least what something has to say about it."
He called another man over, whom I believed to be a waiter, and in a few minutes he returned with a square silver plate. He set the plate beside Cyrus's glass and left. Arranged on that silver platter in a circle were ten red berries.
Cyrus began, "I don't think that you should live with your Mother anymore. Do you understand?" I nodded my head, even though I did not completely. I was so wrapped up in the moment, I could not consider any of his questions.
"However," he continued, "I do not know if you should live with me. So, this will be our way of deciding." He picked up the plate and held it out to me. "I want you to choose one, and just one, of these to eat. And, if you choose appropriately, you will come to live with me. You will still see your Mother, but you will be less hers, more mine. You will be like my own. Alex, my son, will be your brother. Marian, my wife, will care for you. With luck, you'll grow with us, be better, stronger. If, on the other hand, you choose incorrectly, then you will not come to live with me. Understand?"
I drank him in and nodded my head slowly. I didn't question, or pout, or cry, or laugh, or smile, because this was Cyrus. This was Cyrus.
I examined the berries on the plate. They all looked the same - sparkling red - and brown dots decorated the tops of their heads. All of them were relatively the same pea size, and they circled the angels reflected in the mirrored plate.
One, though, appeared slightly darker, and I looked at him. I liked him. He was prettier than the others, different. I picked him up and looked at Cyrus questioningly, but I was given no response. Cyrus simply stared at me, interested and locked on, but contained. I peered down into the fruit and, after a time, smelled it. This one made me want to eat him. I did.
I crunched through it, swallowed its sweetness, and was proud of myself. I felt confident, and I looked back to Cyrus. Without smile or frown, he set the plate back on the chair-side table and motioned for the waiter to come and take it.
"Did I get the right one?" I asked.
"Oh, let's give it an hour," he said. I watched him as he smoked. He gazed at me.

Chapter 3
ATEMPORAL HIGH
When I first came to college, it made me quite mad. After being outside of society for four years, I simply could not stand what they call, "University life." The problem with it is it never sleeps.
That's not good for me.
When I became restive enough, I knew what I had to do - tread my way to a drug.
Of course, I had not used since the end of high school. That was four years ago, and this vast hiatus posed a question: Should I risk destroying my mind yet again? Drugs have their benefits and their oh so down-hell costs. After considering for a while, I decided I would not start injecting and snorting yet again; but eventually, when the stress of college made me one pulsating and open wound, and I knew I could not make it there another hour, I asked around. Sure enough, there was a house that a friend of a classmate knew of by a row of apartments close to the University property edge. It was West campus, though, and not active, mostly land.
Though my educational status was on probation, and I did have to meet with the President of the University every other week (he takes a very intensive role with the school), and though I had to speak with my psychologist every month or more, there was no drug testing. It was safe. I was okay to do it. So, I went.
God, what a shit-hole of a place it was. The front had two very sad looking windows with a brown door recessed into the house's face. The backyard of it was only a sagging porch, and there was no grass. The blinds looked cemented shut, though I did not see aluminum hugging the glass.
I loathed it, and the very eerie silence surrounding it, and the one porch light out front whose dim glow made the whole thing look diseased and dying and made me feel diseased and dying. It reminded me too much of home. I got in that place. I bought what I wanted - heroin, meth. I got out, breathed, and looked out at the empty night.
And there she was.
A brilliant and crisp crimson Maserati GranTurismo Convertible Sport. Hood down, beige leather seating, perfectly polished. It was like a silent bang in the night. I looked around myself, wondering if the world had shifted in the few minutes I was gone.
It had.
"You know, I've been told, if you stare too long at her, she'll take your virginity." I looked to the left, by the trunk, where he stood. The first thing I noticed was the hair. Orange? Red? I can never decide. It was messy, a few inches long, and popped out everywhere in spurts like perpetual fireworks.
His eyes were dark green, his jaw protruded. Slight dimples ornamented the ends of his long lips like a knife had poked him twice. The young man who smiled at me held a cigarette in his hand with an elbow propped against his side. The other arm was hugged across his stomach and touching the elbow of the arm that held the cigarette.
He was tall, probably six foot two, and thin in the way that exaggerates the deliciousness of motions. He wore a nice suit that throughout the day had obviously loosened on him. The thin black tie was undone and hanging down the sides. The first two buttons of his shirt were undone. It looked like there was lipstick on the white.
"Is that right?" I asked him.
"Yes, ittis. It's quite magical." He took a draw on his cigarette, but kept his eyes glued to me. I did not like him.
"I don't doubt you," I said, and I smiled. "I'm sure it practically abducts women."
"No. That's usually my accent."
I laughed one short polite cough and looked at my phone. It was 11:34. I took one step to leave.
"This is your first time 'ere?" he asked me.
I looked at him. "Why?"
He flicked his cigarette to the curb and walked towards me. "What they sell here... you should know it's shit - watered down, or fierce. And I tell you that for your own good. You don't belong here."
"Oh really?"
"Of course not. You know it. I know it." He shook his head and his whole body moved with the beat.
"Are you a drug dealer?"
He laughed out loud. "No!" he said turning round with his arms outstretched, "But I certainly fit the part, eh? But no no. I am on my way to a party, a party where plenty of the good stuff awaits. The... what do you say? Stuff dreams are made of? You should come. You belong there."
"Why are you here, then?"
"Hm?"
"Why are you here if you're going to some big party where drugs are dripping from the heavens above?" I twisted my hand in the air.
"Oh, I'm waiting for a friend. He sells 'is shit here, and then he sells the good stuff where I'm headin'. Same guy. You probably saw him inside."
I looked at the house and closed my eyes at the grim image. I turned back to him, shrugged the despair off.
He looked at me soberly. "You should come with me."
"Thanks, but no." I stepped away. He started walking with me, behind me, then beside me.
"Why?"
"It's my policy not to do drugs with strangers."
"Well then, we'll have a few drinks, and we won't be strangers anymore."
"It's also my policy not to do drugs with friends."
"No worries. I'm rich, and the rich never make true friends. A perfect balance between intimacy and total abandonment. Besides..." and he hit me in the arm, "what could go wrong?"
I shook my head. "I think the real question is, with the nouveau riche, what could go right?"
"Lucky you, I'm not nouveau."
"You're not American, either."
"So you're holding that against me?"
"No. I don't carry those kinds of grudges."
"Well, I hope you'll hold something against me. Or maybe me against something?" I looked at him, and he winked - a twinkle in his eye that could have been crystal meth.
"Keep talking like that, and you'll get me all geared up for the worst experience of my life."
He laughed, and his voice echoed against the set of apartments ahead of us like a cannon. "Thank you! Now that your expectations are low enough, I can't possibly fail."
"Nowhere to go but up."
"Exactly."
I smiled, and I looked at him as we continued walking. "I'll give in that you're amusing... and I admit that meeting an Irishman driving a Maserati on a dark and deserted road is bewildering enough to be a drug in itself... a high that I almost feel like I owe you for. It's not the weirdest thing that's happened in my life," I considered this long and hard, "but it's remarkable. But really, I'm on my own tonight. I don't want your drugs. I don't want to go to your party. I don't want..."
"Wait. Wait. Look," he said, and he put a warm hand on my arm, stopping me. "I'll be straight. When you were inside 705, I went in for a short while an' saw you. You, I will be pure frank, are a striking person. There's just something about you... I want to talk to you. Give me a chance an' just, just answer me this...
"When was the last time you were absolutely, extraordinarily happy? Hm? And you have to answer me truthfully." He shook his finger at me. "And if that moment turns out to be more than a year ago, you have to come with me tonight. Well, not 'av to 'av to, but you should. Fate says you should. Because that's what I'm fucking shooting for tonight. I am going to this party, and I am going to absolutely fucking forget this world, and live so much tonight that I don't give a shit what happens tomorrow. There is no tomorrow. And you should, too. Because you're not like them in there," he pointed to the house, "and you're not like those out there," he pointed to the University, "And you're not like me," he put a hand on his chest. "Obviously. But I think we'll get along together. Just... take a ride with me. Take a high with me. You. Will. Not. Regret it. I swear on that."
The streets were absolutely dead on this side of town. No people, no animals, no strangers, no friends. Just this cinnamon haired, annoyingly energetic young man. But he did make me curious, and feeling that was like feeling electric pulses in a distant land that had been trying to zap me into consciousness for years from afar. It was nice to feel that strange sensation after so long of feeling numb. "You're honest?" I asked.
"Of course."
"Alright. I will be honest, as well. I'm carrying a loaded .38 revolver. I take it with me when I walk alone... on dark nights... to drug dealers' houses. I do not have a concealed handgun license. The serial numbers are scrubbed away. But, if you accept that I have this, I will proceed with you on this insane and hopeful adventure of yours. Because you're at least a little right. And you, too, are 'striking'... What is your name?"
"Patrick."
"Patrick. You accept me and the fact I wouldn't think twice about shooting you... and I'll follow you to Oz."
"Fantastic!" he said immediately. He shook his head insanely and looked to the sky. "Excellent!"
He beamed all of his teeth at me, and he held out his elbow as would a 19th century gentlemen. "I have one more condition, as well," he said. "You cannot look in the trunk of my car." I, of course, agreed.
These are the kinds of decisions that get people killed. I was used to making them. So, it seemed, was he.
In a matter of moments, we were on the other side of the campus, dropping off his friend at his own car. Then, we were on the highway. Patrick was driving 90 miles an hour, sometimes 100 or more, weaving in and out of traffic.
"What's your name?!" he yelled out, struggling against the wind's moan.
"Jack," I said, and I looked at him.
"Jack what?"
"Jack Harper"
"It's a pleasure to meet you. Will you do me a favor, Jack, and open that glove box?"
I steadied myself by holding onto the passenger side door, while Patrick swerved to the right to avoid hitting a white Honda Accord. When he was driving straight again, I reached down and opened the compartment. There was a cobalt blue pipe inside, a little baggie under it.
"Smoke it," he said. "You won't regret it."
"You keep saying that." I peered into his green eyes, and he smiled at me with a devil's grin. He raised his Clementine eyebrows back and forth in a wave, and the effect was comical.
I picked up the baggie and looked at the contents. There were greyish white grains.
"What is it?" I asked.
"What do you think?" he said.
I licked it. Pungent. Strong. I had not had that quality since early high school. I told him to slow down. He did. I leaned forward in my seat, managed to get the contents into the bowl without the air eating everything. Patrick handed me a lighter. It was in the shape of a poker chip. And then, dazzling.
There were no cares in the world.
There was no world.
There was no me.
But there was Patrick, and there was the night, and the air, oh the air!, and there was the cement road that turned to water, and we swam through it.
Then the road shifted up and over me, and I knew that soon we, too, would be upside down. And, God, there was ecstasy in everything. The red lights on the cars in front of us appeared to me as glowing, thrumming hearts that with my mind I could hold and feel warm again.
I remember I looked to my right, and there was a white semi. It said Schway. I was right beside it. I reached out, effortlessly, and touched it - or almost did - before I was glided away. And then there was a car horn.
"Shit! Motherfucker! That was close, right?!" Patrick yelled.
I just laughed.
And he laughed.
Patrick turned the music on, and there was a deep bass, fast, techno-ish sound. And it made me feel like I was God with a violin.
I felt into my coat pocket for my .38. I could never remember if I still had it. Then, I would reach in again and feel it. Then I would remark upon the fact that I could never remember it was there. And then I would look at Patrick.
I unbuckled my seat belt so that I wouldn't have to scream, screaming then seemed impossible, and I leaned over to him. "Thank you for that," I said, and then I relaxed, falling within the leather.
He laughed at me. "It will make you believe in God, won't it?!" he yelled.
The rest of the night was a blur.
We got to the party. It was held in a massive home. Almost all of its walls were windows.
I met Monica. I met Bryce. I met Steven. I met Matt. I met Carl. John. Felicia. Dujan. Sarah. Brian. Javier. Two Jessica's. Mark. Young. Carla. And others known by their last names. An O'Malley who was not Irish. A Wolfe. A Fields. I couldn't count the number of people.
I remember at one point a guy named David stripped. Jessica took her shirt off and handed him her pink bra, and he did push-ups on the pool table while the players continued their game. He threatened to take off his reindeer boxers, and the guys finally shoved him from the table. They let Jessica on, instead.
After this, all the lights turned off, and one of the girls with massive breasts undressed as well and held a flashlight under them. They lit up like giant, ugly jack-o-lanterns from the implants, and there was a collective silence over the crowd. I don't know if it was from disgust or awe. All I could do was stare at the veins.
Around two in the morning, someone set off a firework in the kitchen, and it shot throughout the house like a demon. It took ten pitchers of water to get all the fires out, and there are still black spots everywhere. By that point I was just looking for orange juice.
Before the firework, a boy named Jared dropped acid and, while in the kitchen, wrote on all the stainless steel cupboards, and floor, and dishwasher, and stove in sharpie about the meaning of life and the connections between spiderwebs and iPhones and pumpkins and erasers and the Higgs boson particle. He talked to me while I searched for juice, and I could neither agree nor disagree with him. It made sense at the time. When the firework went off, he thought his written truths had made our known universe explode, and I had to calm him.
At another point, a man showed his balls to Patrick. I can't remember why. Patrick jokingly prescribed him penicillin.
A few streakers and skinny-dipping. A couple of the guys kept making bombs from the pool's hydrochloric acid and balls of aluminum. There were clumps of burned grass everywhere. Nothing special, and yet all so lovely.
And Patrick was playing one of the pianos, a jazzy thing, and he sang to it. And a couple of the girls stripped and danced to it on the piano, pulling at their hair and breasts, before we all got tired of being away from the frantic activity in the other rooms and returned.
One of the girls whispered to him that she wanted to make love to his accent. He shot a smile at me. "See?" he said. It was then that I wanted his accent.
At the end, we were dancing, and someone was teaching me the salsa, and the rumba, and the fox trot, and the west coast swing. Finally, the east coast swing. Then I was dancing with no order with Patrick and the others to club music. We crushed so many pills beneath our feet on the table, it looked like a chalkboard, and I forgot to search for my .38 for the first time the whole night.
Nothing special, and yet all so lovely. Dear God, I was happy.

Chapter 4
WAKE UP
I remember the first time I killed a man. Cyrus had me do it. We were in a dark room, one bare bulb hanging from the ceiling, like it was later with Mr. Thornton. There were no windows, and the only objects that sat within were a chair for me to stand on, and a table with flat blue ropes that strapped the man down.
This man was not awake. He was alive, though, and breathing loud. He was a very thin black man with skin a beautifully dark shade and a face with character built into it by way of lines and furrows. He was older and gray, but still had all of his hair, including that which sprouted on his chest and stomach. When I bumped into him by accident, climbing to stand on the chair, his body barely shook, simply sat like a stone, and his skin felt rough like sand. The looks of him made me feel queasy. Sickness was stapled to the air.
The truth is that I did not want to kill him, and so I said to Cyrus, "Why can't you just bring that red box in here this time, too?" For, I had seen the red box many times by then.
"Because you need to learn how to do this," he said. "You need to get used to it. Now look," and he spread before me what appeared to be a metallic fly. "We are going to do this simple."
I felt something in me curl up and die when I saw that needle. But so I would not disturb my own dead body, I watched and listened and obeyed Cyrus, rather than argue.
"This is a butterfly needle," he said, "and it slides into veins to let out blood. You are going to insert this needle into the vein, here." Cyrus pointed to an indigo line in the man's neck. "It'll take you a few tries, but trust me. You can't be worse than many nurses."
And that is what I did. I pressed my feverish fingers upon the thin man's cool neck, and I took the needle just-so in my right hand. The first try, though, I punched a hole straight through the vein, and Cyrus said he knew so by the black spot that instantly covered the area.
But after a while of prodding, I finally found the tunnel through which the fluid of life flows and inserted the needle deep inside. The hot liquid poured out all over me.
I cried as my hands were washed with crimson, and Cyrus grabbed them. "It's alright," he said, and he took out a handkerchief from his pocket and delicately wiped my hands. "The job is done." I barely heard him.
I was, instead, watching the fount as it poured along the man's neck and spread beneath him, splattering before me a cherry mirror in which I could see the glare from the overhanging bulb, and in that glare my face.
Cyrus put my right hand in both of his, and he squeezed it gently. He moved my arm above the man and slid my hand to where my palm rested upon his chest. I could feel the beating of his heart.
"His heart will eventually stop," Cyrus said. "Feel for it." Suddenly, I could not breathe. For, as I pressed my hand upon the man's chest, and the black bruise in his neck began to grow, I felt an inextricable link between myself and the blackening of his face. It was as though he was transforming into a demon and within solely me lay the perversion capable of it. I tried to lift my hand up, but Cyrus placed his own on top, locking mine against the wax of the man's skin. No matter what I tried, Cyrus would not release me.
"Stop," I said, and soon the blood was pouring off the table. The dribbling sounds upon the floor were a heavy bass in my hears. The man's face continued to blacken, and soon I became hysterical, trying to tear myself away from the beating heart buried beneath the bone, as though if I could break contact the horror would stop.
Cyrus held fast to me, though, held me down to the dying body, until I felt clamped to the death itself. The heart quickened, and even though I stood with eyes shut, I could see that heart struggle left and right, pulled as if by a million different wires until it stretched and shrieked in the only way it could - with a hot, flashing pace.
When I did open my eyes, I saw only the blood sliding, spreading its tentacles like a voracious vine across the floor and beneath the man who was both blackening and whitening simultaneously. Despite being unconscious, his hands tried to reach his face, to reach me, but the blue ropes held him fast, and eventually all movement ceased.
At all times I could smell the blood. In every whiff there were millions of pennies in sugar.
The heart slowed. I felt it in my hand like a flower closing its petals to the night. It slowed like rain turned to snow. Then, as though finally electrocuted by my very touch, the man's body began to twitch and draw in like a spider that had just been swatted. I had to close my eyes so as to stand it.
When I could no longer feel the body, I heard my crying, felt a cold stone lying low in my stomach, and I wanted to press my hands to it to rip it out, but Cyrus's own hand was still like a manacle upon mine. When he finally let go and I jerked back, separating the link between me and the dead, I vomited all over the body.
For the longest time, Cyrus tried in vain to comfort me, but every word of his I refused. That is, until he shocked me with the following:
"I have every intention of bringing him back, Jack. There is really nothing to worry about."
Through flooding eyes, I looked up from the floor at him and gazed at this demon who suddenly began to sprout wings. I hungered to hear those words again.
"That would make things easier for you, right? If I were to bring him back."
"Yes," I said, not really believing or disbelieving him, just following my choking desire. "Yes, please. Please bring him back." I clutched the soft cloth of Cyrus's pants. I continued whispering the same words over and over. "Please, Cyrus. Please."
Cyrus took both my arms in his hands, and he gently lifted me to my feet. He wiped the tears from my eyes, just like he had wiped the blood from my hands, and he moved his hands through my hair, held me close, and calmed me.
"His name is Roland James, and tonight he'll be back alive. I swear it to you, Jack. No worries." Cyrus kissed the top of my head, and I relaxed against him. In just a few minutes, I passed out.

Chapter 5
ROLAND
When I woke, I was in the bedroom that had been partitioned to me in the West wing of Cyrus's home. Above me was a ceiling of ornate wood sectioned into squares with swirls in their middles, and as my eyes traveled with their twists, I thought of the dead man Roland James.
He was to be alive again, Cyrus had said. He was to be resurrected that very night. And it was night. I looked out of the windows peering to the back of Cyrus's property and saw the moon and the night's freckles of stars. I had slept the whole day.
Though my eyes still felt full from their shedding tears, and my cheeks were still flush, I felt wholly better inside. The man I killed was supposed to return. With that in mind, there was magic in the air, like a funeral slowly replaced with Christmas.
I heard the twist of the doorknob while I sat at the window, and I turned, expecting Cyrus to greet me. Alex, his son, appeared instead.
Cyrus's son was shorter than me, with blonde, very blonde hair, and blue eyes. His face was fairly round, and his cheeks were plump. He wore a black, long-sleeved shirt and dark blue-jeans, and he was simply in white socks.
He did not look like a child, but rather a small adult. He stared at me with no emotion.
For a moment neither one of us spoke. I could hear his breathing, and though he did not look angry, there seemed to be a fount of feeling behind each breath. "Hi," I finally said.
"Hi," he mirrored me. Then he asked, "What did you and my Dad do this morning?"
I looked at him and cocked my head to the side, trying to register what he was asking. "What?"
"This morning, when you went to the basement, what did you and my Dad do?"
I shook my head back and forth. "I can't tell you."
"Why?"
"Cyrus wouldn't want me to."
Alex stood motionless, and I listened to him breathing. His blue eyes, which were locked to me, distanced, and he bit his lip for a moment before he said, "You might be older, but I can do whatever you can. When Dad teaches me, I'll be better than you." With that, he left, not bothering to close the door. I heard the soft thud of his footsteps move away from the room and then the loud slam of a door.
All I could think of was finding Cyrus, and also that my hunger was surprisingly strong. Alex left in me no impression.
I left the room. I headed to the kitchen of Cyrus's home, which was located towards the northern center. It was very close to the den, but also to what I had labeled "The White Room" - a modernly decorated room with white carpet and walls, platinum drapes, and a pool table of glittering white marble and velvety white felt.
The chairs, the tables, the molding, the baseboards, the windowpanes, all were white. The very great chandelier above was like a ghost pinned mid-air. It was a very frightening room for me as a child because without color of its own, the room seemed a starved thing, hungry for something human.
When I entered the kitchen, I heard the laughter of Cyrus, and it came from the direction of the white room. I walked slowly towards the double swinging doors to the West, pushed through them, and looked down the hall, straight to where the dining room was. I walked ten feet and turned to my right, and there before me was the great white whale of a room of the house. From where I was, I could see the white desk and the man sitting behind it, Cyrus, who held a cigar in his hand - big white puffs of smoke coloring the very air about him with pallor. In one of the plush, thick velvet chairs in front of the desk was the man I had murdered that morning - Mr. Roland James.
Roland was not only alive, but smiling, laughing, and exuberant. He was the human thing that the room hungered for, with a bright blue suit with a khaki shirt. He looked to me to be the very paradigm of a healthy man.
That was true, except for his neck and his face. The parts that had blackened that morning from my plunging the needle through his vein were still a bit darker than he was. While I stood staring at his neck, Roland James turned to me, and he smiled.
"Jack." Cyrus said. He motioned for me to enter. "Come in."
"Yes," said Roland. As though under a spell of the dead man, I drew closer to him, feeling hypnotized with curiosity, until I came to the edge of Cyrus's lengthy desk. I put my hand upon its surface and swallowed hard.
Roland smiled at me, and his eyes were eerie. Cyrus, meanwhile, was stripping some of the ash from his cigar onto a white ashtray before him as though not a thing in the world had happened, and only after doing this looked at me. His air was cheery, and he asked me, "Well what do you think Jack?"
"I..." I looked back and forth between Roland and Cyrus and wished I could speak to Cyrus alone. "Does... does he know?" I asked Cyrus.
Cyrus's eyebrows lifted, and he leaned forward in his desk. "Does Roland know that you murdered him today?" he asked to confirm, and I grimaced at the blatancy of Cyrus's question.
I expected them to laugh at me, but they did not, and Cyrus drew again on his cigar, blowing a smoke ring into the air.
"I know," Roland said, and he looked at me again with a cunning that I had seen in Cyrus. "And it's okay, Jack. It's alright. Cyrus told me you were worried, but there isn't anything to worry about anymore. Here," he said, "have a seat." He patted the fluffed chair, identical to his, beside me.
I pulled myself into the chair, positioning myself on the very edge, and I felt as though I was in the presence of God.
"I expected," said Cyrus, "that we would begin this way. That is, where the person you killed would be brought back. And, obviously, he is back. You agree?"
I looked at Roland once more, and he smiled at me and held out his hand. I took it in my own, and I knew wholly and for certain that he was the man on the slab that morning. This was not a twin, this was not a charade. The man that sat beside me and asked for my company was the person that I had let the liters of blood pour out of only hours before. How could this be? I wondered. How could he be living and breathing again? I did not ask.
Roland leaned forward in his chair - his khaki suit crinkling as he moved - and he said to me, "I want you to know that it's alright what you did earlier. Cyrus was training you, and he wanted to train you well, so he asked me to help. As you can see, I accepted, and so I was here for you before and am here for you now. I am going to help you learn how to kill and understand killing. You know - don't you - that someone who would sacrifice himself for you has your best interest at heart?"
I nodded my head as though under a spell.
"Roland has done a magnificent job," said Cyrus, "And perhaps we will do what was done this morning a few more times. You will kill Roland, and I will bring him back. And what you will learn from this is that you are not really killing him, not really. He is like a boomerang. He simply comes right back to life, no matter how many times you take it from him. But eventually, Jack, eventually we'll move on to another person."
My heart fluttered, and I looked from Roland's kindly face to the man responsible for life and death.
"And you will kill as we have taught you. When it comes to that person, though, he won't return like Roland. But hopefully you will keep in mind that you aren't really murdering that person or any other, not really, just like you're not really murdering Roland. Rather, we're just not bringing them back to life. Do you understand, Jack?"
I looked to my right at Mr. James' eyes, and they twinkled at me like the starry night. "Yes," I said.
"Then say it with me," said Cyrus. "Say, 'I'm not really killing anybody, I'm just not bringing them back.'"
I swallowed a sticky bit of saliva so that the words flowed freely from my mouth. "I'm not really killing anybody, I'm just not bringing them back."
"'Just like Roland James,'" said Cyrus.
"Just like Roland James."
"Thatta Jack." Roland patted me on the back.

Chapter 6
PERFECTION
With the man I murdered leading the way to my future murders, my path was paved with ease. How was I to say "no" to him? I had taken his life, and so I owed him mine. Thus, I obeyed him in whatever he said, which was a lot, as he seemed to take over for Cyrus in teaching me how to kill.
Roland never showed to me any malice, rather bringing me occasional gifts - and the fact that there was no ill will shown towards me because of my murdering him, the weight of the blood shrunk from a bucket to a teaspoon.
How the hell did Cyrus do it? How did Roland return? How did he come back? These questions racked my young brain. I ruled out early on the theory that Roland was simply a twin of the man I killed, for he would have had to be an identical quadruplet or quintuplet, for as many times as I killed him.
I shot the man, stuck my finger in the burning hole of his chest, as commanded by Cyrus. I strangled him to death with piano wire, placing my foot against the back of his neck and pushing as hard as I could, until I thought my foot would tear my arms from their sockets. I stabbed him to death, practicing in the most real of terms the twelve angles of attack - left femoral, right femoral, left ribs, right ribs, abdomen, heart, left clavicle, right clavicle, left eye, right eye, beneath the neck, vertical through the top of the head. Repeat. Finally, I killed him with a ball-point pen. Each and every time, Roland returned.
In the hours when Roland was alive, there might be some semblance, some sign of what happened upon his body in the hours before, with a scratch here or a little nick there, but the man was alive, so very cheerful and content. Murder was only a shadow upon him.
There is also no question that this man actually died. Each time, I checked the pulse as I was told. Each time there was the caustic blood, the lack of heat from the body, the complete and utter stillness after a series of body spasms. And there was that sigh that I have felt every other time - like there was pressure in the room that was suddenly released. There was that, too.
I believed wholeheartedly that I murdered Roland James a multitude of times. But Cyrus was right. Like a boomerang, Roland kept returning.
It made me wonder if there was something special about Roland himself. If Cyrus could own an evil box, perhaps he owned an evil man. Perhaps the two were connected. I did not know.
Cyrus made sure that I spent plenty of time with Roland. It was with him that I had my first puff of a cigarette - Clove, black, cinnamon, sweet. It was with him that I first fired a gun. With him I watched movies and heard about his life.
He was a musician, and he'd played in many clubs, he told me - the piano, the sax, the clarinet, and the trumpet - and he dabbled a little in "hollerin' and moanin' at the mic" he said. He taught me to play the piano a bit, as well as the alto sax. I remember how, when I first started to play the saxophone, I bit on the reed so much my mouth burned and my lip bled, and when I complained he said, "The skin learns not to bleed and hurt after a while. You just gotta give it time. All things worthy take time. And then you can play the blues, if you want, or something classical. Just make sure you don't get out of practice, because the callous won't stay forever if it isn't encouraged a little now and again. Still, though, no matter how long you go between playing, it's always easier to build up that callous after it grows the first time."
Often times I would see through the door's crack the eyes of Alex as he watched me with Roland. That is, until Cyrus or Roland discovered him, and then they sent him on his way. Cyrus always kept his two families separate, despite what he claimed repeatedly.
Aside from music, Roland cooked delicious foods, and we often worked together on meals. Brandied carrots and parsnips, sage-crusted pork loin, pecan-crusted chicken, Brussels sprouts au gratin, chess pie - these were the silver lining of our days. A little blood in the morning, and by evening a little salty and sweet to wash away all those pennies in sugar. Being poor, and being hungry as a child, I'd often dream of food. Roland gave me my dreams. I'd kill the cook and then dine with him. Sometimes I imagined he cooked all the better each and every time he was brought back.
When food is there, and you can smell the cooking meat and carrots and potatoes, and feel the warmth of the oven near, and your best friend in the world - the person you keep sending away, but who always comes back for you - is playing the piano and singing "In the Pines," there is an ineffable magic in the air. It's something you wish you could bottle, so you can spray it, and taste it, and keep its little drops forever. It's that important to you.
"Jack," Roland said to me one evening, "Come sit beside me for a moment, there's something I want to talk to you about."
He was on the cobalt velvet couch by a small and cozy fire in a fireplace surrounded by gray-green slate squares. He patted the seat beside him, and I hopped up, leaned against him, felt his delicious calm.
From the stereo in the room on a wall twenty feet from the couch played a classical piece. It was soft, melodic, easy-going, pianissimo. Interspersed with Roland's words were always the "plum... plink... plink" and "ploom... pink... plink" of music.
"Jack," he said, "I've always been a man who sang for others, but there was an evening not long ago when a man sang for me. It was one night when I was drunk, stumbling through the woods close to The Meddlesome Myth - a bar where I just played. I heard it! The sweet wooden vibrations of a violin and, when I closed my eyes, deep tones of a voice that sang an odd tune. My ears led me exactly in the direction I needed to go.
"With only a cigarette in my hand to light my way, I stumbled and crawled in those woods and those trees, until I came to a small pond - and then I could hear both the music and the sloshing sound of water.
"Who did I see, but a man standing out in the middle of it, his back to me, the tips of his toes pressed in the moonlit water, dangling there by some unseen force, swingin' his hand back and forth like he was sawing into the instrument. And the cross that hung 'bout my neck - a silver one given to me by my momma - became so hot I had to take it off. When I held it out in front of me I could see it was glowing white, and then it shriveled up into a little ball - all its corners turning in and meeting one another - as though the thing had been alive, but wasn't anymore. Once it did that, it went cool again, and the light disappeared.
"The man then turned around on the pond, like he could finally face me, and he quit playing that violin, quit singing. He walked towards me a few yards, to the point I could just barely make out the lines of a face, and he stopped. 'Hello Roland,' he said, and then straight under the water he went without a splash. It's like the water sewed him up. The top was as still as if he had never been there or gone through it.
"This was the first time that anything that I would have deemed 'impossible' ever happened to me. It was purely supernatural, Jack, and it was good for me - not just the experience itself, but the knowledge of it... it took me out of this world a bit.
"Because it made me less concerned with what was goin' on here, what was goin' on here didn't bother me anymore. Him just showing up on that lake, just playing that violin and singing, and dipping back through the water like a damn fish in a three piece suit was enough medicine to keep me from ever being a victim of this world again. That's the nice side of the dark things - they are victimless. You should be victimless now, what with what I've given you - the same sort of taste that man gave me. Something just... out of the norm. It will make you out of the norm... it already has."
He smiled at me, and he patted my hand. He looked around for a second and said, "I kept the cross to remind me. I keep it in my pocket always. The metal isn't as smooth as it used to be," Roland reached into his pocket, "it seems to shrivel a bit more every year," and he pulled out a decrepit looking spherical cage and dropped the little ball into my hand. I ran my hands over it, feeling its little grooves, looking at what appeared to be a tiny withered windowpane. It smelled like ash. I gave it back to Roland, and he eyed it appreciatively, then dropped it back into my hand.
"Keep it," he said. "Keep it safe." I rolled the cross in the palms of my hand in awe, thanked him, and put it in my own pocket.
Roland smiled. "It's hard not being a victim in this world, but that's what we're working at for you, for others in Cyrus's little group. The supernatural... that's where getting beyond what's here lies. The darkness, well, evil can't be a victim. It's easier to take the hell of the world when you're comfortable with the fact you deserve it. It's calming.
"I want you to remember that. Not just for yourself, but because it explains others. 'Ventually you'll see kids your age - usually when you get into your teens - that'll start dabbling in drugs or theft or something they or society labels as evilness because there's a calm in the fact that evil can't be a victim. It rather decides the victims. They like that. They want a taste of that power. But the fact is you can't dabble for long. You either gotta dive in or get off the ocean. Most will step off.
"You, Jack, though, won't be making that decision anymore. You'll be unlike the others. We're starting young with you. And I think doing all this adds a bit of innocence to the darkness, 'cause you're not deciding what you're doing. We are.
"Yes, innocent and guilty as hell. It's a strange mix. Not one for everyone. But for you, the fact is that later on in life you can't dabble. You were raised with all of this. You eventually won't know any better. It also means you start out strong. You've already slipped out of the world a bit. It can't affect you as well as you can affect it. That's good. We'll get you there."
With that he patted my leg, and he got up from the couch. He slipped his hands into his pockets and stared at the small fire in the hearth, and then he glided over to the piano and pushed back the cover from the keys. He played the all-so familiar, E, A, G, B, E chord variation, and as he played, he sang slowly,
"Little girl, little girl don't you lie to me,
Tell me where did you sleep last night
In the pines, in the pines where the sun don't ever shine,
I shivered the whole night through"
I sat there, and I listened to Roland, and I was so at home in that moment that it could have been a dream. I never would have known the difference.
As for Roland, no matter what he told me, I could stomach it, for he always came back, always sang to me, always taught me and cared for me, and I wholly loved him, this man I murdered.
People that I let live have often never meant so much to me.

Chapter 7
INHALE
That night was not like the other nights. Ever since I had met Patrick, he had invited me out to parties every few weeks, as well as gatherings with his friends, to eat, drink, shoot up, sniff, snort, inhale, and stagger. It had been wonderful, these days - a spicy heaven. But then, quite suddenly, it shifted.
"So tell me about yourself," he yelled to me under the flashing lights of the club. Patrick had bought me a Royal Fuck, and I had downed it. He had bought me a vodka and sprite, and I had downed it. I was now on a Colorado Bulldog.
"Well," I yelled back, "I'm from Florida. Moved here for college. Grew up on a lot of land with my mom and dad. Didn't grow anything on that land, though. Had llamas for a while once when I was younger. Have a brother. His name is Jason. He's going to the University of Maryland. He's studying aeronautics."
Patrick nodded his head up and down as I spoke. "Listening to Jason talk about the shit he does..." I continued, "makes me want to put a bullet through my head... or his. It's so boring." I shook my head back and forth. "Came here to study biology." I shrugged my shoulders. "It's going well so far I guess. How about you?"
Patrick nodded his head one more time, smirked, took a drink, surveyed the club, and raised his eyebrows. "That's complete bullshit. What you just said."
I froze, feeling the sweat of the glass in my hand. "No it isn't," I replied.
"Oh please." He waved an arm at me and shook his head. "There's no need to lie. None of that shit matters anyway." He turned away from me, leaned on the rail, and looked at the pulsating crowds. "There are other ways to get to know a person. You don't have to tell me about your past if you don't want to."
He looked sideways at me and bit one of his lips. For a minute all I felt was the beat of the music, and then I came to stand beside him. I leaned against the rail.
"Sorry," I said. "I don't normally lie."
"Why did you?"
I shook my head. "I'm uncomfortable."
"Why?"
"I'm still sober."
He laughed. "Then we've failed."
"Well, we've got the whole fucking night," I replied.
"To get rid of ourselves... so we can talk about ourselves."
I nodded. "Yes."
He licked his lips and turned to me suddenly. His face flashed pink, then yellow, beneath the lights. "What if I were to guess? About you, I mean. If you can't put yourself into words, can I try? Will you admit when I'm right?"
I smirked. "Oh Lord. You're going to shock me with myself."
He gave a deep-throated laugh, and I barely heard it over the music. "It'd be nothing new."
I downed my drink. "Sure. Why not?"
The first thing he said to me: "You're the type of person who knows how to pick locks."
I replied with nothing, turning my eyes up to his ginger head ever-so-slowly. I felt the vibrations of the music file through me, down to my bones. They burned bright for a second.
Only an idiot would miss why he said that.
"In fact... you are the type of person that can do more than pick locks. Yes?" he urged.
"What says that about me?"
"Everything."
"That can't be good." The bass of the music swept into me, made me notice the desolate silence between us. "What other ever-so-beneficent things am I capable of?"
Patrick didn't bat an eye. "Own a brothel. Hijack a bus. Take illegal substances across state lines. The possibilities are endless."
"Sounds like a lot of damned responsibility."
"Versatility."
"If that's what you want to call it." I paused, scanning the crowd. "And why do you need someone who can pick locks?" I asked.
His smile spread its wings for miles, feathers glancing off those on the dance floor. "See what I mean?" he asked, and he moved back and forth on the rail, rather pleased. "We don't need facts to get to the truth. We just need questions."
"And drugs."
"Sometimes..." he said. "Fascinating, isn't it? How much you have to inject yourself before any real blood is spilled."
"Tell me more about me, Patrick. I'm beginning to find myself very intriguing."
"I think... you're a cook." He winked.
"You're wrong."
"Let me finish..." He brought his hand out on the rail close to mine, palm down. "A cook in the sense that you have the recipe of all recipes."
"And this recipe would be..."
"How not to get caught."
My chuckle was corked. I took my right hand from my glass, and I poked Patrick's chest with my forefinger. The alcohol made me laugh at him outright. "You're ludicrous."
"Why?"
"I'm not what you're looking for. I'm not a professional."
He took his own finger and jabbed the center of my chest with it, imitating me. He said his words one at a time, sparsely. "There is no better bonding for two people who have just met than what I have to offer. Nothing better in the world. Why would I waste that on a cold, emotionless professional?"
I shook my head condescendingly at him, "You talk about it as though it's building a castle out of sugar cubes. But 'jobs' live and breathe. Each one is its own monster."
Patrick smirked at me as though he were all-knowing. "For fifty grand, would you deal with a monster?"
"For fifty grand..." I stopped. I wanted to tell him 'no.' But as I tried to shoot the word from my mouth, the gun simply wouldn't fire. I was too drunk to lie. "I'd take a look at the damned thing," I confessed.
He threw me the keys to his car and said, "Then let's talk about it. You drive."
Fuck meth. Nothing even compares to the hum of a hundred thousand dollar car caressing my body. I felt the gear shift in my right hand, the seating from the softest slaughtered cows. I adjusted the rear view. I raced to a hundred and twenty. And for the single second I nearly killed us both when a semi cut across, I felt like I was returning home. As close as to home I could get, anyway. To Cyrus's.

Chapter 8
ONE, FOR THE MONEY
"The lock I need picked belongs to the back door of a small house about an hour and a half from here," Patrick told me. "The house I used to live in and own. You know how I told you I was paranoid?"
"Yeah," I said.
"Well, the meth back then made me really fucking paranoid. I'd hide things - out in the yard, taped to the back of the toilet, in the brick of the fireplace."
"Wow," I said.
"Yeah, it's a little fucked up."
"Or unintentionally brilliant," I said.
Patrick's eyes no longer had joy in them. "Well, one year my Father got fed up with me and came with two men to get me. They put me in a car, took me to a rehab center, and wouldn't let me leave.
"They got me clean over a half a year's time, enrolled me in college, got my life back on track. I'll admit that. They did. But while I was in rehab, my Dad sold the house. I didn't know till later."
"Ah," I said, the realization quickly stabbing me. "And there was money you left behind."
He sighed loudly. "And things." He rubbed his hands on his legs repeatedly. "I don't even know if they're still there. But I also don't want to risk tipping the new owners off that there's something worth my coming all the way back a year and a half later to get. If I were to tell them exactly what it is I'm missing, they certainly won't let me in."
"What did you leave behind?"
Patrick sighed again and ran his hands through his hair. "Well, what I think I can get back, hope I can get back, is fifty grand in cash and a rosary worth... quite a bit." He looked at me with vulnerable eyes.
"You must have been pretty fucking out of it to forget about that shit," I said.
"I was," he replied, quietly.
"And where did you put these things?" I asked.
"I definitely put them in the fireplace."
"In the fireplace?"
"Well, in one side of the fireplace. One of the bricks pulls out. I hid the money and the rosary in a few pockets I carved out inside the fireplace wall."
I sighed. "This is insane."
"This is meth."
I shook my head, shrugged my shoulders.
"I'll help you," I conceded, and this shocked Patrick into perfect stillness. I also knew, in that moment, that he would agree to anything. "But on one condition."
"I will pay you..."
I swatted these words away. "What I really need right now is... your car."
"My car?"
"For tomorrow. The whole day."
He breathed rapidly, bit his lip hard. It bled, and he wiped away the blood. With the same hand, he shook mine. "We have a deal."

Chapter 9
ECONOMICS
I was there the first time Cyrus taught Alex to kill. It was two years after my experiences with Roland, and Cyrus had an old dog that needed to be put down. The damned thing had been screaming for days, and we - me, Roland, and Alex - were brought to the back of the property to a wooded area with a small stream.
Cyrus never told me or the others point blank why, only we knew. I knew. Alex knew. Roland knew. Even the damned dog knew. His head hung low, ears drooped, he shook all over. We didn't shake.
Cyrus was using his resources wisely. He had a dog that needed to be put down, and he had a son who needed to learn how to put "dogs" down. It was economical.
I remember when Cyrus put the .357 in Alex's hand, though, it didn't feel right. Something about the way Alex twisted the gun, took off the safety, turned his head, I didn't feel well about it. But when I looked to Roland, he simply leaned against a tree, stock still, and folded his arms. I knew then it was happening no matter what... it was what it was.
Cyrus had Shakespeare - the brown lab - lay down. He motioned for Alex to stand a few feet behind him, and Alex did. Then, we all put bright orange ear plugs in our ears.
Cyrus put his finger on one of the skull bones that protruded over Shakespeare's neck. "Right here," he said to Alex and handed him the gun. "One bullet here, and we start digging."
Alex cocked the gun, and before I could blink he fired. One. Two. Three. Four. Five shots. They were so loud, I smacked my ears with my hands and shut my eyes tight for a split second.
After a few moments of ringing, I could hear Shakespeare. When I looked, he was still alive, quivering, crawling along the dirt, whimpering. Alex had not pierced the head.
Alex had poured into Shakespeare like a claymore mine, and the dog was now bloody and white from a milky foam was seething out of a hole in his back. His left paw was blown completely off.
My throat stiffened. I watched as Shakespeare's tongue lamely licked at the dirt and a river of blood sloshed onto the thin grass.
"Goddamnit Alex!" roared Cyrus. Alex stared blindly at his Father. Cyrus grabbed the gun from him and knocked him in the face with it. Roland, meanwhile, calmly strolled from his tree and retrieved a pistol from his inner pocket. He pointed it at Alex. I remember the darkening in Alex's eyes, how he winced despite himself, and that pleased me.
"Move out of the way, so I can do your job for you," Roland said. Alex scooted towards me. When he moved, Roland shot the dog in the back of the head twice, and Shakespeare stopped turning.
"Need I remind you that I am in charge?!" fumed Cyrus. He quickly walked across the dirt and dead leaves and pushed Alex to the ground. "What was the use of that? What did you think that would accomplish? Tell me!"
Alex stared at Cyrus, and I think that was the bravest moment he had ever had, not looking away. But it quickly broke, as do all great things supported by bad deeds, and Alex began whimpering like he and Shakespeare and switched places. "I just..." Alex said.
"You just what?!"
"I just wanted to do well."
Cyrus pushed Alex to the ground with his foot. "What is it exactly that you think we do here? Hm?"
"I... I... don't know." A tear trickled from Alex's left eye.
"Exactly. You don't know." He pointed at Shakespeare. "You don't fucking know. Well here is your first lesson. We never do this to one of our own. Never! You want to torture something, and you choose the family dog...!" Cyrus shook his head and ran a hand through his hair.
"I'm sorry," Alex said.
"Fuck you are. Get up!" Cyrus yelled, and he took his foot up from Alex's chest. "You're going to dig that damned grave on your own. I want it perfect."
Alex pulled himself up, wiped his nose and slunk past Shakespeare to where one of the shovels lay against a tree. "You'll need the spade first," Cyrus said. Alex, wiping his eyes, walked the two feet of distance to where a spade lay on the woods' floor, reached down, his blonde hair falling into his eyes.
"Now start digging," said Cyrus. "And you'll keep going until your body hurts. And you'll still keep digging. And then your arms will give out. And then you'll claw through that dirt a spoonful at a time. You won't stop until I say."
Alex sniffed, looking less like a king and more a pawn. He squinted at the ground below his feet. Halfheartedly, he broke the ground with the spade, split the first slice of soil in two, wedging the pieces apart until he could gain further entry.
Then, he hit a new spot of soil and did the same thing. And again. And again. He was better at digging graves than shooting dogs, I thought, as we watched him for a good hour, saw the tiny beads of perspiration form on his forehead and roll down the sides of his face. I watched the grit begin to collect into the tiny crevices between his nose and cheeks, saw the light seep from the part in his mouth until there was only an exhausted, drained husk of a boy, and yes, this contented me.
Roland leaned against his tree. Cyrus clenched his fists now and again. I stood, too wary to move amongst the enormous strands of tension strung through the air.
As time passed, I eyed at the leaves in the trees surrounding us, saw them blow in the wind, drop sometimes, their red and yellow blotting out the darkening ground, sometimes landing on Shakespeare, sometimes hitting me. They reminded me of butterflies that could not stay afloat.
After the first hour, the three of us found seats in the dirt. After the third, I knew rigor mortis had set in for Shakespeare, but Alex was moving ever fervently, toiling to show that he couldn't be beat. After the fourth, the sun was going down, and Roland went to the house and came back with sandwiches for himself and me and Cyrus. He brought flashlights - giant, million candlelight ones - and set them up in a circle around Alex.
We kept watching him, watched the dirt fly in the air in front of the flashlights like a cleansing mist. It felt like a campout, except calmer.
After the sixth hour, Alex was done digging. Cyrus gently placed Shakespeare into the hole, kissed his head, apologized for his son's behavior, and then we watched for the next hour while Alex filled in that hole, packed the grains neatly like files in a filing cabinet.
We retrieved all of the flashlights, trekked back to the house, and as we walked, Cyrus said to Alex, "I thought you loved that dog."
The words that came from Alex's mouth were garbled from exhaustion, and I almost missed them. "I did," he said.
We went to one of the East Wing's dens. Alex walked straight upstairs, headed to his room. Cyrus followed him and was gone, leaving Roland and me behind. That was when Roland asked me:
"What would you call that?"
"What Alex did?" I said.
"Mm-hmm." His eyes peered at me in the dim light.
"I don't know. I don't understand. He went insane."
Roland looked at the cuticles of his nails, but didn't really look at them. "And that's just the beginning," he replied. He slowly gazed up at the ceiling and cocked his head, his eyes distancing.
"I'm not going to work with that boy. Teaching him to kill... it won't be me. Not like how I was with you." He put his right hand on his hip and used his left one to place against the wall. "We need to get you a lock for your room." When he said this, an awareness crept into me that had not existed before. "As you know, Jack... I'm not always here. Cyrus isn't always here." He shook his head. "I'm glad I taught you well. I'm glad you were the first to learn."
"Roland," I said.
"Hm?"
"Can Cyrus bring me back? Like he does with you?"
Roland smiled at me, and he opened his mouth to laugh, but no laugh arrived. "There's no need to worry about that. Adults die in this house. Children do not."
At this, I noticed the feel of my heart slowing, and I remembered the first time, when I had killed Roland, that I thought I would die with him. I suddenly felt very tired. "Roland?"
"Yes?"
"What do you see... when I kill you?" I asked.
He paused for a great while, and in this pause he seemed more statue than human, and that frightened me more than he had ever before. "It doesn't matter what I see," he whispered, and it felt as though a doll were talking to me, not a man. "Because you and I... we are similar, but we aren't the same."
"What are you?" I asked.
"Not Cyrus. Not Alex. But not you." I did not press him further. I did, however, have one more question.
I whispered his name yet again.
He didn't say anything for a moment, as though he knew what I would ask and dreamed not to answer. "...yes, Jack?" His words were so low, they sounded like the beating of a heart.
"If Alex dies, can Cyrus bring him back?"
Roland pulled out his pack of cigarettes and hit them against his palm. He stared at them as he hit them and would not look at me. "No," Roland said. "He cannot."
It was then that I felt the conversation was over, and I headed in the direction of Cyrus and Alex and my room.
Before, I could reach the stairs, however, Roland said, "Two things you should remember, Jack. Just two things." I turned to him as he lit his cigarette. "Nothing comes between a man and his son. No matter how bad the boy gets, no matter how good of a service you provide for Cyrus, you are worlds apart.
"The second. There is a certain amount of equaling that goes on in this world, and what Alex did to Shakespeare... some equaling is due. When that equaling comes, you best get out the way. Each and every time, you best sit back and watch - for there will be other times. And as you watch, you get it through your head, that no matter your fury, no matter your pain, it's the equaling that's Alex's fate. The equaling gets the job done. Every time. Not you.
"The same goes for every person.
"The same goes for every time I'm on that slab."
* * *
When I was going up the stairs, I considered Roland's words - and the cogs in my head made sense of it exactly as he meant. I wasn't really killing him, not really. The equaling was, and I happened to be there. But at that age, experiencing the goodness that Roland had to offer, I couldn't understand why he might need any equaling at all.
Cyrus was headed back down the stairs as I was headed up. "Goodnight, Jack," he said, and he stopped me, gave me a kiss on the forehead. I smiled. A sweet moment. A fatherly one. I told him goodnight.
I went up the steps to my room, opened the door, flicked on my light, and Alex was standing at the foot of my bed. He appeared absolutely dreadful - covered in dirt, eyes red. His hair was disheveled, his body almost lifeless. "What are you doing here?" I asked him.
"I just need to tell you something." He walked in a slouched manner towards me until his face almost touched mine. I could smell his salty breath, felt the hairs on my face tickled by it. I looked in his blue eyes, and his eyelids drooped just below the tops of the irises. He looked stoned.
"What?" I asked.
"I told you I'd do it better than you when Dad started teaching me."
"I don't know what you're talking about," I said. "I could have killed five dogs. You didn't even kill one."
"But I made him feel it," he said. "I made all of you feel it."
"Why does that matter?"
"It's the only thing that matters," he said, and he shoved me.
I didn't even think. I pulled out the knife I always kept in my back right pocket and sliced his face with it. It was about a two inch cut across his rosy-red cheek, the same cheek that Cyrus had struck with the butt of the .357.
Alex slapped his right hand to his face and looked at me with wide eyes, shaking his head back and forth. "I'm telling Dad!" he yelled, and he dashed out of the room.
He did tell Cyrus.
Cyrus never brought it up with me. It was never mentioned. Instead, Alex was locked in his room for the night.
Yet it didn't calm me, Alex being shut away. I could hear him all through the night fiddling with the lock on his door, trying to pick it. And he kept muttering to himself, over and over, which I heard through the crack of the door, "Must do better. Must be better." I knew what it meant - that I must do better, as well. But I was beginning to get so tired.

Chapter 10
EQUILIBRIUM
Three weeks had passed before the woman showed up on Cyrus's doorstep. I happened to watch her enter his home, and I sat on the staircase next to the living room of the entryway so that I could listen to them speak.
She unnerved me, as she appeared a life-size doll with black hair and eyes too large for her face, her body looking as though it wasn't sewn together just right. She seemed so synthetic, with lily white skin, and her dress was disheveled, a bit too large for her.
She was escorted by another woman whose graying hair was pinned in a tight bun - this older woman was probably her mother, I had guessed, though I was not sure. Both of them nodded their heads to me when they entered, just like they nodded their heads to Cyrus, and then he asked them to step into the den.
As they walked past me, I noticed something even odder about the girl that perhaps would not have bothered me had her presence not already resonated in my spine. Her arm was incomplete. Her left hand and part of her left arm were gone. I saw the bandaged nub against her side, the white standing out against her purple dress. Then she was in the living room, and Cyrus was pouring all of them lemonade. I heard the tink tink tink of ice in glass.
In quiet moments like those, I checked for Alex in case he was nearby - I had learned to do this automatically - and when I saw he was not there, I sat quietly on the wooden steps and listened.
"I am so sorry to hear," Cyrus said. "What exactly happened to you dear? Was it a car accident?"
"No. No." There was a long pause. "I was in the barn with my brothers. And we were swinging on the big rope."
"Yes?" said Cyrus.
Another long pause. Something that sounded like tissue being pulled from a box.
"John needed to go to the bathroom, and I started walking him to the house. By then it was so dark outside... I didn't even hear it. It's like it appeared out of thin air! One of the nurses said that dogs are quiet like that when they attack. They only bark and growl when they want you to know they're coming. But it bit me and shook me so hard I thought I'd die.
"I fell down, and I screamed for John to go get help, and when I heard the cracking sound, I started crying. Because I knew what it was. Couldn't see it, but I knew. It was tearing me to shreds."
Another pause. "It hurt so bad, I can't even describe the pain. And I just kept hitting it. And hitting it. And it wouldn't let go. And I grabbed a rock..." Another long pause and what sounded like sniffling.
Cyrus mumbled something low. The next person that spoke was the older woman.
"John ran back to the barn. He told Walter and Jesse what was happening. Walter got a shovel. They ran out, found Lisa, and you can imagine. They hit the dog, and it ran off, but her arm was shredded.
"The doctors said the only thing to do was to give it time to see if it would heal. They couldn't stitch everything. But the arm didn't make it. So they had to amputate it."
I could hear Lisa crying, and for a while it was just her sobs, but finally she said, "It still hurts. It still hurts so bad."
"Ghost pains I think it's called," said Cyrus.
"Yes. Yes. I know. But they're terrible. And I can't... I..."
"Take your time," said Cyrus. There was more sniffling and another rustling of a tissue.
"I just can't move on with the pain. I'm terrified of going outside. I'm terrified of the barn. I can't do anything. I just have these panic attacks now. Over and over. It's just..."
"Shhh," said Cyrus. "I think I see. You need me to give you something for the pain."
"No. No," said the girl. "I have things for the pain, and they don't work. They just don't do anything. No, I... I..."
Now the older woman spoke. "Mr. Harper, Lisa and I came here today because we know that you are capable of difficult, and some say impossible, things. We simply want to know if there's any way that you can do something for the arm. Maybe take the pain away for good. Maybe even, well, get Lisa her arm back."
There was a sound of a heavy sigh and some shuffling. The woman continued hurriedly. "It's just that Lisa... she hasn't slept well for weeks now. She barely eats. She is losing weight so fast. If there's something you can do, please. We would be willing to pay you."
"No," said Cyrus. "That's unnecessary." There was a long silence.
"Just anything that you can do. If you would be willing to try. We would be indebted to you forever."
"I think you already are, Evelyn," Cyrus said, and then, "Do you still have the arm?"
"Yes," Evelyn said low. "They gave it to us. We kept it in the freezer, in case..."
"Bring it to me tonight," he said. "I make no promises. I guess we'll find out together... if I can help."
"Thank you," Evelyn said. "Thank you so much Mr. Harper. If there's anything at all I can do for you, anything at all, let me know."
"No worries," said Cyrus. "Exactly when did this event happen?"
I jumped at a voice loud behind me. "What are you doing?" It was Alex.
I missed the rest of the conversation to my left and turned on the stairs to look at him. His blue eyes were open but expressionless, his lips slightly parted, his head turned to the side.
"Listening to your future," I said.
"What?"
"Something tells me that your night is going to be very interesting," I replied and smiled.
Alex opened his mouth wider, drew in a breath, and paused. He looked in the direction of the living room. "What did you hear?" he asked.
Suddenly, Cyrus was in the entryway with the two women, and Alex and I turned to them as though we had never spoken. They nodded their heads to us again, and Cyrus opened the front door. The women's skirts blew back like flower petals before they parted through the opened door. Then, the sunlight on the floor was squelched, and Alex and I were alone again. I heard Cyrus walking them out to their car.
I stood on the stair and turned to Alex.
"What was that?" he asked. "What happened to that woman's arm?"
"You happened to it," I said. I walked past him, climbing the stairs.
"I don't even know her. What the hell does that mean?" he said.
I didn't respond. Instead, I went searching for Roland.
* * *
I was told not to say anything to Alex, and I obeyed. He was left the whole day to ponder. By that night, Evelyn had stopped by with a shoebox tied with twine. Alex peered at it and asked me later what was inside. I said not one word, and he flipped me off.
Cyrus brought the shoebox to the dinner table that night, set it amongst the chicken, asparagus, mashed potatoes, and apple pie. Mrs. Harper was there, and she sat at the end of the table, opposite Cyrus. She was a thin woman, and her natural expression was a grave, purposeful one. She always appeared to have other things on her mind, and I often did not see her when I was at the house. This may be, though, because she did not wish to see me. She was far from affable, but I was also fairly certain she hated me.
"Would you pass the salt?" she asked, and Alex picked up the porcelain cat salt shaker that sat beside the box. His eyes wandered over the corners of the enigmatic thing before he passed it to her, but he said nothing.
"Have you done your homework for this evening, Jack?" Cyrus asked me.
"Yes," I replied.
"Good. And you, Alex?"
Alex looked at his plate, his eyes going back and forth across the food. Finally, he said, "Yes. Yes I did."
"I'll hold you to that," Cyrus said.
Mrs. Harper gave a polite cough. "Well, Alex," she said, "if you have some extra time, how about we watch a movie together? Just the two of us. Mother and son." I thought I saw her eyes flicker to me for a moment.
"Alex will be busy tonight," Cyrus replied, taking a drink of wine and setting the crystal glass down. "I have a project for him."
"What is that?" Mrs. Harper asked. I looked at the box. So did Alex.
"Just an experiment of sorts." He swallowed with a smack of his lips. "And it must be done tonight."
"Cyrus... I haven't had any time with Alex for the past month or so." She coughed politely again. "When will I be allowed to?" She smiled exaggeratedly.
"Marie, when are you going to spend time with Jack?"
"Jack?"
"Yes. Jack. The other member of this household."
I instantly looked at my plate, but I could feel her eyes upon me. I froze, afraid to move.
"You always bring that up when you want to change the subject," she said.
"I think you'll find that they are the same subject."
I looked to Mrs. Harper, and her eyebrows were puckered. Lines were furrowed into her forehead. Her eyes looked teary.
"I don't want to spend time with Jack," she replied. "I want to spend time with my own son."
I felt a sudden flush on the back of my neck, and I rose from my seat. "I'm going to my room," I said quickly, but Cyrus rose when I began to walk, and he stopped me.
"Sit down," he said.
"I don't think..."
"Sit down."
I looked at his cold eyes and slunk back into my chair like a gassed snake, stared at the box on the table, and swallowed. I touched my plate and then put my hands in my lap and then tapped the table's edge.
"The whole point of this is to make sure that whatever Alex has, Jack, so do you. That has always been the point... Marie." Cyrus took his seat again. "Raised one and the same. I told you from the very beginning. If Alex has martial arts lessons, so does Jack. If Alex gets beef tar tar, likewise. And if Alex gets attention from his mother, Jack gets attention from you as well. And if Jack doesn't get it, neither does Alex. That is the point."
"Jack has a Mother."
"That's not a mother."
"Well... love doesn't just grow out of thin air. You can't force it from me." She was weeping now.
"Maybe not, but there will be equality here."
"Sometimes..." She shook her head back and forth. "I hate you."
I heard the squeak of wood on wood, and I saw out of the corner of my right eye Marie's form rising out of her chair. I heard the click clack click clack of her heels on the floor until she almost walked past Cyrus, but at that moment I heard a slap of skin against skin and a quick intake of breath that drew my eyes to them. Cyrus had grabbed Marie's arm and he held her there while he stared at her with piercing eyes.
"You and I both know that's not a safe thing to do," he said. "And not just because of who I am."
She pulled her arm away from him and wiped both of her eyes.
"I know, I... I apologize," she whispered, and I swear in that moment all the tears instantly stopped flowing. She stared at the wall for a moment, walked to the small wine rack that sat on the buffet to the left of the dining room table, grabbed a bottle of wine, and exited through the door, leaving a wide girth around Cyrus.
Cyrus looked at me and then Alex. "Don't ever mistake a power play for love," he said to Alex. "I know the woman I married."
Alex stared at his Father and nodded his head. Cyrus said nothing to me.

After dinner, Roland entered and ate a piece of apple pie with us. We sat together, soaking up the calm night and the silent room and the smells of the leftover food and something grave just beneath it.
"Alex, I want you to pick up the box that Evelyn brought today and open it." Alex's head flipped back and forth between Cyrus and Roland, landed on me, and fell like a ball towards the box. He sighed, swallowed, and picked it up with unsteady hands. He set it gingerly on his lap as though it might explode. It took him half a minute to undo the twine, and then he lifted the box's lid, but I could not see what lay inside. Nevertheless, I saw it in my mind.
Alex clapped the box shut. "It's a hand... I think," he said. Was that a shudder or excitement I saw in him? I can't recall.
"Yes, Alex. Tell me, though, was it right or left?"
Alex's eyes slowly fell to the box again, and he lifted the lid for a brief second. He closed his eyes, scrunched his nose, and swallowed. "Left," he said.
Cyrus grinned. "Does that mean anything to you?"
"No," Alex said quickly.
"Alright," said Cyrus. "We'll see if this rings any bells. That arm belongs to Lisa Havinger, and she lost it because she was attacked by a dog on the night of June twelfth." Cyrus squinted his eyes and looked at Alex, but Alex simply sat there and shook his head. He lifted the box and set it gently on the table. He pushed it away from himself.
"The night of June twelfth you should remember. After all, that's the night you killed Shakespeare and dug his grave. Oh, no, I apologize. That's the night that you shot him to pieces, failed to put him out of his misery, and were forced to dig a grave to right what you had done."
Alex swallowed but said nothing.
"Apparently, things have not been righted," Cyrus said.
"It was a coincidence," Alex replied softly, eyes averted.
"You think that because you are young. But as one gets older, and especially if one lives in this house, you learn that there are no coincidences.
"You, Alex, purposely tortured our family pet. You set out to enjoy it. In the process, you blew off his left paw. I saw it. As did Roland... and Jack. You did, too. Then, the very same night, the daughter of one of my greatest supporters is attacked by a dog, Alex, which bites off her left arm, mauls it to pieces. You see no connection in that at all?"
"No," Alex replied.
"You're responsible for that arm," Cyrus said.
"No, I'm not. I didn't do a damned thing to that woman."
"I say differently."
"You're wrong."
Cyrus rose quickly from his chair with the look of a psychopath ready for a kill, but Roland interjected with, "Wait Cyrus, wait," and he leaned forward with his hands clasped together and pointing towards Alex.
"I would like to tell you something, and though you may not want to hear it, it is as true as what Cyrus is saying to you now. It will be good for you.
"When I was a boy there was a man in my hometown by the name of Jim Connor. When he was young, his old man died, and Jim told me about his Father's death. Said it was a strange day because the night before one of his cats had died. It was the same night a famous actress had died, actually, and that was how he remembered the specific day.
"The day after that cat died, though, Jim's Father set about to burying it. Jim said his old man got a shovel, started digging a grave, and fell to the ground. He died right there on the spot from a heart attack.
"Now, move ahead twenty years. It's a different cat that dies. Still Jim's, but a different one. Jim leaves the dead thing in his house for days, because he's afraid. He remembered what happened to his old man.
"Eventually, though, a few days later, he tells me that he's going to bury it because he got his affairs in order. I said to Jim, 'You're crazy. You're crazy to think that burying a cat has anything to do with you or your Father dying.' But he just looked at me, smiled, and said, 'Roland, you may not be able to feel it, but I can. There's something waiting for me.' And he was right. The man died the next day - just a few hours after burying the damned furball.
"Now, as I got older, I saw more and more of that stuff happen, and it doesn't matter that it's illogical. Life is illogical. Random isn't ever random. Ever. Ask a gambler in any casino, and he'll tell you. You don't leave a machine when it's just started paying, and you don't stick with one that's sucking you dry. And deaths... well, they always come in threes. So does bad luck. Often, so does the good.
"And sometimes, just sometimes, when you fuck something up, like shooting the family dog on purpose to watch it suffer, going against your Father's wishes, that brings about something else in the world. I don't expect you to feel it. Not everybody can. But I can... that equaling. And let me tell you, that woman's blood is on your hands. And it matters this time. That woman is one of Cyrus's, and after all we have done, and all we are going to do, we can't afford a few loose ends. We are always about to run out of the leniency this world has to offer. We've got to do a little good to keep doing the bad. That includes you."
Alex seemed to consider what Roland told him, for he looked to Cyrus and said, "What is it that I have to do?"
Cyrus sat back down and spread out his hands. "We wait until a full moon," he said. "We wait, and you keep the arm in your room. It will be about five days from now. When that day comes, you'll clean the hand with alcohol and wrap it in cotton. You'll place it in an oak box and bury it out on the Havingers' land in the night. I'll drive you out there. Jack, you'll come, too."
I nodded in assent.
"What will that do?" asked Alex.
"The person who caused the ruin of that girl's arm will finally be taking responsibility for it. Once you clean it and bury it, it will finally be at peace. It won't hurt her anymore. I might even be able to grow it back."
I don't know if he truly believed them, but, "Fine," Alex nevertheless said. He wrapped the box up in the twine again.
"You can't fuck this up," Cyrus said. "There's no second chance after this."
"I know."
"Good," Cyrus replied. "Now take the damned hand to your room."
* * *
Five days later and at the appointed time - about an hour and a half before we set out for the Havingers' farm - I watched Alex clean the hand. It surprised me just how together the skin and tissue was, despite the fact it looked like it had been inserted into a shredder and ripped back out. Of course, the doctors had done their best to save it; it was now our turn to bury it.
The smell was terrible and amazing. Nothing hits the nose like decay. It was such a full and pungent stink - the smell of the living amplified and perverted. There's not much like it.
The hand itself was black in places. The nails particularly interested me, because they had been cut through, but still shone bright with pink fingernail polish.
Alex took the hand out of the box and put it on a cutting tray he had taken from the kitchen. He retrieved cotton swabs and alcohol from the bathroom and set them around the hand. He pushed blackened and dried skin down and pulled skin up to put it where it was supposed to be, and after he was done, he washed it with alcohol, blotted it with the cotton swabs. To finish, he wrapped it in Ace bandages. The hand looked quite normal when wrapped, like it could still be alive.
Cyrus presented to Alex an oak box with a green velvet lining. Alex put the hand in. Then, he led the way out to the garage, where we followed. Cyrus dumped the cutting board in a black garbage can as we left.
The car ride there was absolutely silent, and the darkling night on the empty roads leading out to land, pebbles, horses, and forests pervaded everything. Alex sat shotgun, and I sat behind Cyrus in the cool leather seats.
I always remember the drives with Cyrus as pleasant ones. The experiences and smells of wealth were calming. The sounds of it - its clinks and V12 engines and squeaky materials and deep bass - were cathartic. It was like all else could be washed away and everything could be material, even us.
When we got to the Havingers' house, Cyrus drove past its right side and deep into the land, until we arrived near a red barn. There, I could see two figures standing beneath the barn's front dim light. We exited the vehicle and walked to them, sliding in the gravel beneath our feet. It was Mr. Havinger and his wife, Evelyn.
"Thank you, Mr. Harper, for coming out to help us tonight," said Havinger. He had an extremely deep voice.
"It's no problem," said Cyrus.
Havinger was obviously taller than Cyrus, which means that he was taller than six foot three, but he was not as thin, and his stomach protruded over his silver buckled belt that shone in the dim light like a star. He was wearing a plaid, long-sleeved shirt and a baseball cap, but it was so dark that, apart from a few reds and yellows, I could not read the colors. The lines of his face were indivisible in the dark, but Evelyn was there beside him, and I could distinguish the bun on top of her head from the rest of the night.
She was wearing what appeared to be a cream or white dress. The moonlight resonated with it, and she looked like a ghost.
"So what can we do to help?" asked Havinger.
"You can show me where she was attacked," said Cyrus. He glanced at me and Alex. "And carry the shovels," he said to them.
"Righty-O," said Havinger. I watched them stroll with Alex to the trunk of Cyrus's black SUV, and I stood where I was, close to Evelyn.
While they were dragging out the tools, she said to me, "Your name is Jack, right?"
I nodded my head. "Yes."
"If you don't mind my asking, how old are you?"
"I'm ten," I replied.
"Ten. Wow. And you live with Cyrus?"
"Not all the time."
She paused and said, "And you're not his child, correct?"
"No," I said. "But Alex is."
"Oh. How interesting," she replied with a silky, low voice, and I peered at her in the dusky air. She stood beside me with her arms clasped in front of her. She was not a fat woman, not large, but full, and her breasts filled her dress so that there were no lines in the bust. I looked at her from head to toe and noticed she was wearing sneakers. I thought that was a strange mix.
"And what do you do for Cyrus, since you live with him, but aren't his?"
I didn't know what to say to this for a long time, but after a few seconds, right when she started her apology, I said, "I do things like this for him."
I looked towards the SUV, and the three figures of Cyrus, Alex, and Havinger were equidistant from each other. From what I could hear, it sounded like they were discussing the dog's attack.
"If you don't mind my asking," Evelyn said softly, "I just... Usually the members of the group don't ever get to actually talk with Cyrus. I'm just wondering, since you live with him, and know more about him, do you know... Is he capable of all they say he is?"
I thought this to be very interesting. Personally, I had always felt like an outsider in Cyrus's household, and at that age I had not yet considered the idea that there was yet another ring of the community that knew him even less.
I turned to her more fully. "What do they say?" I asked.
"Oh. Things," she said. "But people talk... and talk and talk. And some of it sounds ridiculous."
"Like what?"
"Well... some say that he can make people disappear into thin air. Others, I've heard, have been locked up with some sort of red box that turns them insane... Others have said they've seen the Devil in his house."
"The Devil?" I asked.
"Or a demon."
"Oh?" I thought back through all the corridors of the mansion, all the places I knew of, but had never explored. I shivered.
"Others have said that he makes brand new people appear from nowhere, but that they're not exactly people per se."
"What are they?"
"I don't know." She laughed. "I was hoping you could tell me. Have you seen any of those things? Do you know... is Cyrus immortal?"
It appeared to me then that the three figures standing near the SUV were starting to stroll deeper into the land, but I stood my ground for a second and legitimately considered Evelyn's question. Was Cyrus immortal? I wondered. And could he lend that immortality to others?
Cyrus called sharply in the night air for Evelyn and me to come along, and I yelled "Okay!" I turned to her.
"Mrs. Havinger," I said, "If you're wondering if Cyrus is capable of helping Lisa, there's no question. He drove out here for you. He wanted to. But as far as these other things people tell you about... I don't know. He keeps too many doors locked."
"Ah," Evelyn said, and she started to walk in the direction that Cyrus and the others went. I walked with her, side-by-side. "You're wrong about one thing. Cyrus doesn't do these things because he wants to. He might for you and Alex, but for us there's always another rationale. Always."
"What kind of rationale?" I asked. She never responded.
When we arrived at the spot where the attack had occurred, a few citronella torches were lit, arranged in a circle around where we stood. Alex set the box on the ground and took the spade and shovel from Mr. Havinger, like he had been told to do. He dug while we watched. Cyrus told the couple that this was to be Alex's job, and so they stood quietly and gazed intently, hands clasped together. I remember thinking to myself that they were most likely expecting magic to sprout from the land, maybe even a new hand.
Eventually, after about half an hour, Alex was done chipping at the earth, and he delicately positioned the wooden box inside the dark hole. He began scooping the dirt on top of it.
With Alex's third scoop, it was then that we heard it: a long and low howl. It was the sound of a dog or wolf. "What the fuck?" Alex said. Then, something hit me.
I landed hard on my back and heard a high pitched yell - Alex's. There was the sound of a scuffle, and when I managed to sit up, the scene had drastically changed.
Evelyn loomed over me with a shovel pointed at my chest. "Just sit there, Jack," she snarled, a monstrous face flickering in the night. "And no harm'll come to you." I heard a shout and looked past her. Cyrus was on the ground, sitting back on his heels. There was a black ooze pouring from his forehead, across his face like an ebon rain. His hands were up in the air, palms facing forward, and above him towered Havinger with a pistol aimed at Cyrus's face.
Alex was laying on the ground as well, and Evelyn leapt to him, briskly swatted his arm with the shovel until he came and sat beside me. "Don't fucking move," she said to us. I nodded my head at her to show I understood.
"You got the kids together?" asked Havinger. His voice sounded even lower than before.
"Yeah," Evelyn said.
"What are you going to do with them?" asked Cyrus.
"Haven't decided yet," Havinger replied with a slow drawl. "But we know what we're going to do with you. Put your arms behind your back," he commanded.
"Dad?" Alex did not sound himself, and I looked to him, saw fear in his eyes that I had never before seen.
"Don't worry about this," Cyrus said, but he never removed his gaze from Havinger. He licked his lips quickly as he slowly brought his hands behind himself.
"Don't move," Havinger commanded Cyrus, "Or I'll blow your kid's fuckin' head off." He retrieved handcuffs from his back left pocket and knelt behind Cyrus in the dirt. I heard a series of quick clicks like a ratchet at work, then another set.
Havinger stood unsteadily close to the mound of dirt and returned to the front of Cyrus. He squatted to Cyrus's level.
"Cyrus, I'm going to kill you tonight. Right here. Right now. In front of your son and Alice's kid, and I think you know why."
"You are making a big mistake, Mike," Cyrus said, like they were having a simple argument over dinner.
"Fuck you. I'm doing what needs to be done. You have gotten away with too much. Fucking wives. Sacrificing children. Expecting more. Making us pay your way. It is over now. We don't need you in our lives."
"That's very interesting," Cyrus said. "Because I remember you needing me very much when you were caught violating that boy in Tucson years ago. And I was there for you. Wholly. What has changed, Mike? What happened to our very special agreement?"
Havinger threw a right hook at Cyrus's face and knocked him to the ground. Cyrus coughed in the dirt.
Mike reached his big claw down and jerked him back up to sitting. Cyrus's head lolled, but then he shook it violently and looked at Mike with glittering eyes.
"You don't get to own me and my family forever!" Mike yelled.
"Then don't agree to it for fucking forever! And don't expect people to bail you out of shit for free that you deserve to pay for with your own damned blood in the first place!"
Mike grabbed Cyrus's shirt and brought their faces a breath apart. "I didn't even know if my own daughter was mine for months! Months, Cyrus!"
"Mike," Cyrus coughed. "I don't give a shit. You don't even deserve a child after what you've done. She should've been mine. You shouldn't even be alive. This is mercy. All of this is mercy."
Havinger stood up, and he slid something that reflected the flames onto the backs of his fingers. "You're dead," he said. "What you say... they're words from a fucking corpse."
Without waiting for a response, Havinger hit Cyrus in the mouth and blood flowed from Cyrus's lips, dripping down his chin and neck, into his shirt. It mixed with the blood from his head on the left side of his face. Then, Havinger hit him again in the stomach, the arm. He kicked him with his pointed black boot while Cyrus was down. An animal-like wail sprung in Cyrus's throat, and when I heard it, I could feel it coil in mine.
I looked up at Evelyn who was standing next to us with the shovel. Her eyes were fastened to Harvinger and Cyrus. I looked to Alex. He was weeping, saying softly to himself, "No no no no," again and again, and he stared at the ground.
That was when I felt in the back of my jeans for the .38 - my only .38 - the one Roland gave me. I brought it out calmly and quickly and stood to my feet. Evelyn didn't even notice me for the first few seconds. I knew she wouldn't, for the scene in front of us had captured her.
The next few seconds were the easiest in the world. It was like riding a bike downhill. I walked up behind Havinger, whose back was to me as he kneeled on the ground. He was hitting Cyrus with alternating punches.
I watched his fists fly as if in slow motion, taking one step with each punch. Left. Right. Left. Right. In no amount of time, I had the gun to Havinger's head, almost touching the base, where the skull protrudes. I rapidly squatted to aim right, so that the bullet would not pass through Havinger and into Cyrus, and I pulled the trigger.
BOOM! The sound surprised me. It was like there was a cannon in my hand, not a gun. Then, I could only hear ringing. Havinger's body fell upon Cyrus like a door unhinged. I never even touched him.
"No!" Evelyn's high-pitched scream stabbed its way through the bells in my ears, and when I looked to where she had been, I saw the tip of the shovel flying at me.
I shifted my body to the right, and it slid against my back with enough force to knock me over. On my knees and hand, I raised the gun, and I shot her twice in the stomach and chest. She fell forward, face down in the dirt, and didn't move.
I stood, walked to where Evelyn lay, and shot her in the head to make sure. Then, it was just silence and calm. I breathed in, tasted sweet on the back of my throat from the fired gun, and noticed the wind for the first time that night.
I looked at Alex and said, "Help me," as I motioned to where Havinger's body lay atop Cyrus. He did.
It took both of us pushing hard and Cyrus's squirms to get Havinger's large form to roll off of him. When we finished, Cyrus huffed ragged breaths, saying, "Find the key."
Alex removed his jacket and wiped away some of the blood on Cyrus's face, while I searched through the fresh corpse's blue jean pockets, then his shirt pockets, then finally his shoes, until I discovered what I needed beneath his left sole insert. "Found a key," I told Cyrus, and I gripped it in my hand tightly so I wouldn't drop it in the dark.
"Good," he said. His face was only smeared with blood now, and Alex was pressing his jacket against Cyrus's head wound.
I crawled behind Cyrus and tried the key in the lock. It turned, and the cuff came free. Cyrus brought his hands to the front of himself. "Give me the key," he said. I handed it to him. He undid the other cuff and stood.
For a long while, he was silent. He looked at Mike and Evelyn, his long jacket flapping in the wind, and he surveyed us and the land as though a man just waking from a baptism. He looked calm, and in the profile of his face his eye looked both furious and blank. The smeared blood on his face reminded me of an animal with splotches of black fur amidst white.
I opened my revolver and went to dump the shells, but thought better of it, left them in, and put the gun in its place in the back of my jeans.
"Get in the car," Cyrus said, and he walked outside the circle of torches. Alex and I followed, running quickly to keep up, and when we reached the vehicle, Alex did not climb into the front seat with Cyrus. I did.
I thought Cyrus might drive us back to the road, but he did not, instead turning his SUV towards the house less than a mile from the barn. He didn't say anything, and had it not been for the cool calm that came over me while shooting Havinger and Evelyn, he would have frightened me. I could not tell just what he was anymore.
While Cyrus was driving, his speed hit fifty miles an hour on the dirt road, and Alex and I were rocked in our seats so that I was forced to find my seatbelt. I peeked at Cyrus's bloody face, and his eyes were furrowed, his lips pulled back in what could have been a snarl.
Then suddenly we were at the Havingers' house, and Cyrus reached into the box between the driver and passenger seat. He retrieved two pistols. Without a word, he opened the car door, exited, and marched to the back door of the house. In the headlights of the car, I saw him turn the handle and open the door, and then the bright gleaming lights of the indoors were cast upon him. The black on his face shined bright red, and he stepped forward. The door shut once he entered.
I looked behind myself at Alex, and he shook his head.
I stepped out of the car. Alex emulated me, and we approached the house slowly, but stopped when a scream hit our ears like a hammer. It sounded like Cyrus was yelling, and along with him, there were high-pitched noises. Both these roars and screams seemed to dart all over the house, so that I looked at all the windows, upstairs, downstairs, and could not decide from where they were coming.
What followed was the pinpoint sound of a few gun shots. Minutes later, there were more blasts, and I saw in one of the windows Cyrus's form dart past.
Then, finally, when I began to question if I should investigate, Cyrus opened the house's back door so hard it slammed the side, and both Alex and I jumped, electrocuted by the sound. In seconds, we were all back in the car and on the main road. Cyrus handed me the guns.
When we returned to the house and stepped in the blue velveteen room, Roland asked from the soft orange and silver divan, "So how did it go, boss man?" and Cyrus never responded. Instead, he retrieved his cell phone and started making calls.
The time was ten fifteen, and for the next forty-five minutes, men began to trickle into the house, entering the large room where we were.
By eleven o'clock, I counted twenty of them - some of whom I had seen once or twice before, some of whom I had never known existed. I was amazed at the quickness in which they came. Many of them talked with Cyrus, and many of them looked at me, but only when they believed I didn't see.
Roland asked me while Cyrus was making calls, "What happened?" I enlightened him. He didn't respond, except to grab a soft white blanket and wrap it around me, and then he found one for Alex and left for the kitchen. When he returned, he had glasses of hot chocolate and food. I gobbled everything down, only then realizing the reparative powers of sugar. I sat and stared while the men filed in.
Cyrus had yet to clean his face, and he looked like a demon in daylight.
"Things are going to need to fucking change around here," he said. He had acquired a glass of liquor and held it in his hand, while he sat on the solid oak table with his legs crossed. He swung his left arm out while he talked, as though he was a happy drunk, but there was fury in his eyes and in the sway in his tone of voice.
"From now on, the twenty of you live in this house, and, except for certain occasions, wherever I go, three of you will.
"Tonight, as you now know, the Havingers tried to kill me. Mike put a gun to my head and proceeded to try to beat me to death. But could he do it?" He shook his head. "No. He could not. Because something wouldn't let him, as it always does. And tonight, that something took the form of Jack." He turned to me and pointed. "A ten year old child," he said to them.
He looked to me with a smile and a tiny sliver of vulnerability in his eyes. He raised his glass towards me. "Thank you," he said, and he took a drink. I looked round at all the other men in the room, and they nodded their heads to me one by one. Cyrus turned back to them.
"So, in case there are those of you who doubted me, or were even perhaps in on what happened tonight, here you have it. It doesn't matter if it's even a fucking child, something will defend me, and you will lose. Always." Cyrus finished his drink.
He twisted his head to the side, looked at his empty glass, slammed it down, and said, "I would also like to mention that I talked to Lisa before I, well, shot her in the head, and it appears as though Mike and Evelyn cut off their own daughter's arm to trick me. Their own daughter." He winced.
"They cut her arm off to appear as though they genuinely needed my help." He looked at the men around him. "Let this be a lesson to you. When you harm your own," he turned to Alex, "you're done for."
Cyrus was silent for a moment, and his head sunk low. Quietly, as though speaking to himself, he said, "But the arm did grow back... what a waste."
As though suddenly stabbed with adrenaline, he hopped off the table. "Alright, boys, you know what to do. Get the quick lime, and get the bodies. You ten... you clean up. And don't worry. Whatever is on my side is on yours, as long as you're on mine. And we are on the same side, aren't we?" He smiled and laughed. "The best in the goddamn world, right?" He laughed again.
"Yes sir," said one man, and the others gave their vocal assent.
Cyrus stopped laughing. "No, wait, wait. I want the Havingers' heads. Chop off their heads and arrange them in a semi-circle on pikes in the east basement. Do that for me, won't you Eldrid? Charles?" A few of the men shook their heads.
"Good," said Cyrus. He looked at the grandfather clock. "I want this finished by daybreak."
The men nodded and spoke quickly, filing out of the room. Finally, it was just Cyrus and Alex and Roland and me.
Roland filled Cyrus's glass, and he drank it completely down. Roland filled it again. "How are you doing, Jack?" Cyrus asked.
"I'm fine, Cyrus," I said. "I'm glad you're okay."
Cyrus came and sat beside me, held me close, and he pulled Alex to him.
Roland said softly, "Would you like anything, Cyrus?" Cyrus swung his head round on the back of the divan and said, "Yes, Roland. Could you dim the lights? Put on a little music?"
"I can do that." Soon there was just the light of the fire on the walls, and that reminded me of the torches in the dirt on the farm. Seeing Cyrus in that flickering light reminded me of how close he had been to death that day, how I had killed two people that Cyrus would not bring back. Not ever.
I remarked that I felt nothing, and I wondered if this was different than it was supposed to be.
Cyrus said to Roland who had claimed a chair across from us, "If they had killed me, Roland... I know they can't, but if they had, they would have taken Alex and Jack."
"No sir, they wouldn't've. I would have made sure of that."
"What could you have done?" Cyrus took a long swallow from his glass with the arm that was holding me. "I need... we need more power."
Roland smiled. "I would have driven to that farm and tore those people to shreds. Alex and Jack would have come back. No worries there."
"Don't you think they would have thought of that? Don't you think they would have packed already, loaded the cars, and that the daughters and sons were waiting for them to come home so they could leave?"
Roland laughed a low, jazzy laugh. "It takes a lot more than simply running to stop me."
Cyrus nodded his head. "I'll give you that. ...Do you think anybody else was helping them?"
"No. No, I figure that if there were others, they would have been there tonight to help partake in beating you to death. Nobody could resist getting a chance to hurt you if they really wanted it."
Cyrus chuckled quietly. "I think Jack has become one of my most trusted advisors, Roland." I looked up to him, and he smiled. I could smell the sweet alcohol and blood in his breath.
"Yessir," said Roland. "But I could have told you that from the beginning."
Cyrus furrowed his eyebrows and asked me, "Jack, do you still have that gun?"
"Yes," I said, and I retrieved the uncomfortable metal from behind me. I handed it to Cyrus, and he handed it to Roland. Roland twisted it round in his hand and smirked thoughtfully.
"God made all men, but Smith and Wesson made them equal," Cyrus said, and then he started to hum. "Hmm.. hmm.. hmmhmmhmm." He went in time with the music - a soft piano piece that made me feel as though the night was finally drawing to a close. Cyrus's voice became softer and softer, and the reverberations in his throat seemed to travel down his arm, so that I felt them resonate in his whole being as I settled more comfortably against him and closed my eyes.
"Better," he said in a whisper, "Stronger. That's what we have to be. Even if it kills us." Then he chuckled again as though finding one of his thoughts extremely entertaining, and he continued to drink and hum.
I nestled still further beneath his wing, and without a second thought, I slept.

Chapter 11
MEND
Years ago, before I ever started college, I visited my sister after I was released. It happened only once. She would have nothing to do with me.
Nothing has ever hurt worse than that. Her condemnation went straight through my side - made my insides cook and glisten.
I had gone to the clean white house in the nice neighborhood with the picket fence, where she still lives, where I had sent her the night of all nights, and I was in awe. What I had imagined had only been a ghost in comparison to the perfection.
She was just twelve when I had sent her off in the car on that deserted road like a kid on a training bike. I had watched her go, fade away, slip beyond the hill, and then I had done what I needed to do.
But Kat had either forgotten or repressed the boiling, horrendous froth of her first twelve years of life. She was sixteen and a bitch with blonde hair, blue eyes - exactly the sort of button nose and red-cheeks girl Cyrus preferred.
She has dimples by her mouth and a few freckles on her face. And she is so blonde. And, yes, a bitch. But she's still my sister bitch, my bitch kid sister, and truly, after I lick the wounds she inflicts by ignoring me, I don't give a damn. She is alive.
Her Father and his current wife don't give a damn about me. I'm not sure I would like them if they did.
The one time that I did visit, before David and Karen would allow me to see Kat, I was brought to David's sparse white office with its four windows looking to the side yard and its overhead fan on so high it seemed it might lose grip of its propellers at any moment. I could see the fan swinging violently over David's head like a sword held up by a string, and David began the conversation as soon as we sat down by telling me, "I want you to know that, though I am in fact Kat's father, I'm not yours. I'm sorry for that, but I can't help you. I have no idea who Alice was with before me. She never would tell me."
So kind of you, I thought, to distance yourself from me as soon as we meet. All I said to him was, "It wouldn't matter if you were my Father. That's not why I'm here."
"I know," he said. "But that needed to be out in the open. So does this. I am both sorry and not sorry for... I mean, she did have a right to visit you, but... considering the reasons for your being committed, I believed it would be best to let you grow, get past what had happened, heal yourself."
"Did she want to visit?"
"In the beginning."
I saw a slight grimace on David's round face, but he hid it well. When he looked out the window, I eyed his comb over, his tiny brown eyes, his plump cheeks, his double chin.
He wore a tie, and the bottom of it lapped like a tongue at his desk whenever he moved. It reminded me that Cyrus had actually worn a tie The Night, and had actually been sitting at a desk as well. It had been thin, though. David's was quite fat.
"I think that Kat has... gracefully moved on from what had unfortunately been done to both of you. She told me some of the things she had remembered... some things she imagined. She talked about them avidly at first. But then, over the years, less and less. Of course, we had read about you. We knew what had happened. But, realities do fade. For Kat, it's good. And..."
"And?"
David looked me dead in the eye. "Nothing should change that. Ever."
I nodded my head slowly. "I agree."
He smiled as though we were on the same page, but the smile melted when I added, "If Kat wants to talk to me, though, or know me again, or see me, you are not the type to be able to stop me."
David drummed his fingers on the desk one time and frowned as he looked at its top. All the nervousness had evaporated from him. "That will not be the case."
He wasn't wrong.
* * *
The night that Patrick had suggested that he might pay me fifty grand for helping him... it was a year after visiting David and Karen and Kat, and all I could do was think of them again and how I could give her the money. It seemed to me that I had yet another chance to push her towards a better existence.
She was so close to not being tainted by our early life that this money just might brush off the residue of the Cyrus years. Yes. This money had her name on it before I had the job.
Besides, the money would be wasted on a person such as me. It cannot make me better, and it smells like Cyrus. I have no use for it anymore.
Something about Patrick made me miss her, though. I think it was the optimism he had. It made me feel optimistic, too.
I think that's why I stayed with him.
Patrick was, after all, not gloriously intelligent - though he was socially apt. Nor was Patrick as good as I had first imagined him to be - the drugs and money and drilled their holes into his personality, after all, as they do with most. More importantly, though, Patrick was not as dark as I had once believed. In the beginning, he seemed so capable of living the oddities I had lived. I read myself into him.
I was wrong, though. Patrick has his passive dangers. He might end up dead in a ditch some day, but he does not kill. Comparatively, he is clean. Not good, but capable of it. His best attribute is he is harmless, and he will always be - incompetent and humorous, ineffective and experienced. He works his way through drugs and girls, and that is all. Not good, but not me. I have nothing to fear.
Realizing these things one night made me decide, all the more, to hold true to our agreement. I would help this creature retrieve his items from the chimney, and he would help me feel something beyond myself, whether he knew it or not. He would tangentially help Kat - another positive force.
The fact he lent me his Maserati for the day didn't hurt.
When my trip to see Kat was over, I dropped the car off at Patrick's, slid the keys under the door when he didn't answer, and went to my apartment. Again, my roommate was not there.
After about an hour of sleep, there was a knock on the door that woke me. I opened my eyes, feeling much better, and looked at the clock. It was two in the morning. There was another knock.
I turned on a lamp from the desk beside my bed and got up. I went to the door and opened it, and there was Patrick, smoking a cigarette with a devilish haircut and grin. "So where'd you go?" he asked. "You put quite a few miles on Mackenzie today. Six hundred or so in fact."
I rubbed my sleepy face with my hands. "You call your car Mackenzie?"
"Today," he replied. "The car changes when the girl does."
"Went to see my sister," I said. "Come in."
"Didn't know you had a sister," Patrick said, flicking his cigarette to the concrete and following me inside. I sat on the bed, trying to wake up. "Is she hot?" he asked.
I raised my eyebrows. "She's sixteen," I said, still numb from sleep.
"Ah!" he said, shaking his head. He pulled up a flask from his left side that I hadn't seen before and drank from it. When he was done he said, "Youth and vulnerability do give a certain beauty to a girl." My eyes flicked to his face, and he wiggled his eyebrows back and forth. I didn't say anything. "I'm kidding!" he shouted. "I'm kidding."
"Fuck your kidding," I said, falling over on the bed, tired. "What do you want?"
He laughed, and the sound of his voice hit every wall and all the corners of the room. He plopped on the bed beside me. "I want to know how it went."
My mind went grazing on the hours before. How Kat's room had been filled with pink and lavender and other colors that I didn't normally see throughout my day, and how this had not necessarily bothered me, but reminded me. Reminded me of...
I brushed this thought away.
"She's a cheerleader now," I said, confused. "She's a Christian."
Patrick chuckled. "You say it as though she's dead."
"No," I replied, and I sat back up on the bed beside him, sliding my hands together as though to warm my words with them. "The way we were raised..." I thought about how Cyrus had preferred cheerleaders, but I did not mention this. "Christianity was looked down upon."
"Oh?" Patrick asked. "Mormon?"
"No," I replied. "Not anything." Another memory of that night struck me so hard, it felt as though a nail pierced my skull. I placed my hand against the skin to cover the wound.
"What?" Patrick asked.

But it was as though he was no longer there. I was in Kat's bedroom again. It was right before I had left. As soon as I had grabbed the doorknob, she had spoken my name. "Jack?"
I turned to her.
"Please. Tell me. I've been wondering all these years... It's stuck with me. What did Cyrus and Alex bury under my bed?"
Her words sliced away the rest of the world. I had released the door handle and heard it click. "What?" I asked.
"Remember? The night they came to our house when I was like ten or eleven. They sawed through the floorboards, sent me to your room. They were there all night. Took them two days to finish. What did they bury down there?"
I had not thought of that in years. "Oh," I said then, the strangeness of that night hitting me like a train. "I remember now." It plopped itself before me - the sounds of them entering the house in the middle of the night. I had had my .45 on me and went into the hallway, expecting intruders, but it was them. "Don't worry about this," Cyrus had told me. "Go back to sleep." And it hadn't bothered me. Kat had crawled into bed with me, and I had slept quite soundly that night, knowing Cyrus was in our house with me - someone was awake and there. There was a monster in my place. I never slept well at my mother's house.
"I don't know what the hell they buried down there," I told Kat in her bedroom. "Haven't thought of that in years."
"Really?" she asked. "You seemed quite obsessed with it then."
"Was I?"
"Yes. I mean..." she shook her head. "Nevermind."
I had stood there, trying to decide if I should push her to ask me or let her be. She asked anyway. "Do you remember," she said, "when you took an axe to my door in the middle of the night? Scared me to death. You had said you heard me screaming. You couldn't get the door open."
I had heard the high-noted shriek again like it was fresh, and I was still in the dark of my room - remembered bolting from my bed and leaping into the hallway, taking the few steps to her door, unable to turn the knob, and pounding, pounding. Throwing myself against it. Slamming my body into it until the force flung me against the opposite wall. How I had finally gone to the garage, felt the handle of the axe in my hands, brought it to her room, and then... But there had been another voice, too. One that I had never told her about. A deep, gurgling woman's voice. It had whispered like it was right on the other side of the door. "Mother loves you."
How could I forget that? I asked myself. How could this slip by me in the millions of things I had told my shrink when I was in the institution?
"Jack?" Kat had said.
I had looked at her, taken aback. "Hm?"
"Do you remember that?"
"I do."
She had motioned with her hands in a questioning gesture.
I shook my head, shrugged, and gave her nothing. I would not discuss that piece of our past lives. Not in that house, not with the pom poms and crosses. "I did a lot of drugs in high school, Kat. I was almost never clean."
"Right," she said, her eyes distancing. "I remember the needles." That made me wince.
"I love you," I told her, and I didn't wait for a reply. "It's good to see you again." She shook her head at me. Her eyes remained dark.

I thought of all of this, yes, but I would never in a million years tell Patrick. Though there were no pom poms near us, and the only cross in the room hung about Patrick's neck, I preferred to keep it buried. I didn't want to speak of it. Ever.
"Nothing," I replied to him, thinking to myself that it was true. That I had not ever really met my sister that day. I hardly knew who she was anymore, might never know again.
"Tell me how your night has been. You're drunk. I can smell it. Tell me how that's going."
"Well," he said, "gloriously. I was walking through the park. Drinking, of course. And then..." he scratched his head, "and then I was drunk. It started raining, and... And I sat in the rain for a while. And then it was so quiet out, and I came to a bridge. And the rain that had fallen on the wood had soaked it until it was gleaming in the electric lights, and I thought to myself, 'Now that is beauty.' Like Paris. And then I thought, you know, after we did what we planned to do, we should go there. Together. Will you go with me?"
"I will go wherever you will pay for me to go," I said, and I patted his leg.
He laughed. "You'll have fifty grand."
"I hold my position. I'll go wherever you pay for me to go... But I need to get some sleep tonight. I have a test tomorrow."
He goaded me for a while, but when I refused to give him any more attention, "Well, alright," he said. "I should be getting back to the party anyway."
"There's a party?" I asked. "Where?"
"Brian's," he said.
"Tell him 'hello' for me. Wait... better yet, give him the finger."
"I will." He took another swig from his flask. "You sure you don't want to go? Debauchery awaits." And, before I could answer, "But you'll be there tomorrow, right?"
I nodded my head amidst the warm covers. "Right," I said.
And then something else odd happened. I felt a slight whip of warm breath against my left cheek, and then the soft planting of lips against my cheekbone. I heard the soft suck of a kiss. My eyes opened in the dim room, and as I looked to Patrick, he jumped off the bed like a cartoon character shocked to life. He laughed a few short hoots, and then said, "I am so fucking drunk." He shook his head, almost tipped over, steadied himself, and then went to the door. But then, quite soberly, he said, "Two days. Do you understand what I'm saying?"
"Yes," I replied.
"God you're fucking great," he replied. He turned in circles and left through the door.
I lay on my bed wondering if I should follow him, should make sure he got back safe, should maybe even ask about the kiss. I decided, instead, that I would simply chalk it up to business.
An employer's kiss. Yes. That's what I had been given.

Before I fell asleep in my black and silver sheets, I thought again of my day with Kat and the odd goodbye I had been given at the door by David. He had had quite the smile on his face by then, for I had let both he and his wife drive Patrick's Maserati. But that smile had transformed to something - not a grimace, but something earnest.
Before I could open the door, he hurried to me and held it closed.
"What are you doing?" I asked, adrenaline beginning to pump.
"Shh," David had hushed me, and he looked in the direction of the kitchen, where Karen was starting dinner. He looked vulnerable. "Jack... I am a Christian man. I am. But I want to thank you for doing what you did to get Kat back to me."
I looked down, somewhat unsure of him. "I don't know what you're talking about," I said.
He pushed harder against the door, leaned in closer to me, and his whisper seemed so quiet so as to escape even God's ears. "Thank you for everything." I looked at him as I would at a rat juggling, unsure of why he was telling me this, what he was hoping to achieve. "And I know... just what I'm thanking you for," he said. "In fact, I deserve a bit of hell for being so damned thankful. But Jack," he put his arm on me, and I looked at it against the black jacket of my left arm, "something needed to be fucking done."
This touched me deeply. I placed my right hand on top of his. "Sometimes insanity and logic achieve the same things," I replied. I wanted to tell him more than this, like "thank you," like "these words do me good," but I said nothing more.
His hand felt very warm, almost shaky under mine. Then, I saw movement from my left and looked down the hall to see Karen peeking around the corner from the kitchen. David and I broke our connection, and he opened the door for me. With a smile from him, a speck of strange tenderness, I went out into a world that felt very different. As I drove back by myself, I did not feel so alone.

Chapter 12
DESIRE
The problem with Cyrus is that he was the real thing. More so than I think even he could conceive. And real things can never be put into words.
He was effective. He was conniving. He was believable. He was a murderer. He was wealthy. He was wealthy. He was powerful. He was evil.
He saved me.
And all of his followers loved him and praised him and worshipped him, and I was born into this.
Though, he did not keep me stupid.
Looking back, however, I cannot blame the others for desiring him to come into their lives.
I have seen things while with him and in his home that I simply... I do believe...
The Universe has its darker aspects. Would it be wrong to say those aspects converge? That they meet sometimes in places they are most welcome or find a brother?
How is it that psychopaths find one another?
How is it that murderers often propel themselves toward their own destruction?
Why do we speak of karma at all?
Often times, in the years that I knew him, Cyrus would simply stop me, in whatever I was doing, sometimes waking me up at night, sometimes planting a firm hand on me in a hallway, and he would say to me with the weight of an anchor, "You know what's going on here." And I would acknowledge that I did, despite the fact that, like water, it fell through my grasp. He and I had these little exchanges twenty, thirty times that I knew him.
"You know what's going on here, Jack."
"You know what this is."
"You know everything."
It killed my breath every time.
Of course, there were always things that had frightened me about living at Cyrus's. If it had not been for the fact I was rewarded with Cyrus's deep trust for killing the Havingers, if it were not for the tentative fact that I was saved by my actions as a child, I might have ended up as just a note on the old piano. Even with his confidence, I had still been anxious of him, and the other things in the house.
There were, of course, the little things. Aside from Roland, there was a man who visited one night, and his eyes glowed in the darker areas of the house. They did not shine brilliantly and not red, but like a camera prepping itself to flash, and he told me, "I've heard a lot about you." I was too embarrassed by this compliment and frightened of the man to return any answer, but he nodded as if he knew.
Other times, all the colors in rooms would disappear. One day the velvet curtains would be ruby, the floor sapphire, the walls a dark green with gorgeous yellow flowers carved into its skin. The next day, the room looked filtered, boiled to white - much like the White Room, where I had met Roland - and soon there were too many white rooms for me to note the White Room specifically. Sometimes, it was like walking through a dream that had forgotten pieces of the normal world. It was inexplicable, and the colors never returned.
There was, as well, the red box. I was not the only one that quaked before it. Cyrus many times locked people in rooms with it, and they usually died within the hour. Or, they went insane.
One Christmas Eve night at three in the morning, Cyrus roused all of us in his house for a little theater production. He had us dress like we were going to the opera, and when we were centered around the giant dinner table, he just about butchered a man in front of us. The man had a generic sounding name - Mr. Smith. Cyrus beat him in the head with a marble staff and all over his body, till the wounds were gushing with syrupy blood. Cyrus locked him in the room with the red box, its buckles unfastened.
An hour later, when the man came out, he was completely healed, but maniacal. He bit at the women on the left side of the hallway, and he ripped at their sequined clothes. Cyrus had to shoot him. The amount of blood that poured out of his body... I counted it. Too much for a man who had just been beaten senseless. Too much for a man in general. It was like some... thing was feeding the blood to us. Even when Cyrus buried him, the ground was soaked, muddy with red, for a good two weeks.
The first time I ever saw that box, I was young, and it was when I had first come to live with Cyrus, but after Roland and I had begun. Cyrus had brought me to his office in the morning, and a pure, crystalloid light was pouring through the windows upon us. It made Cyrus look quite white.
"Do you know," Cyrus said to me that day, "that you are a very lucky person, Jack? You are a very lucky person indeed. There are mounds of things in the world to seize - knowledge, power, love - the world is ripe, absolutely overflowing with the potential of things for you to have. I could never even name all that is open to you, for it multiplies every day into infinity. There are worlds beyond your world, pieces of you beyond yourself, and you cannot know how important it is to know all of these things until you know them. You're just a child, after all." He gave a small laugh. "You are a blank slate, like them all - the tabula rasa. But you are a very lucky blank slate because I am willing to do something with that. I am willing to help raise you, securely as my own. I am going to let you know of all the things that are in this world. I am going to strengthen you so that you may venture through it unharmed. I am going to let you know the lies from the truth. And I am going to show you something that nobody else in the world can show you except for me." At this, Cyrus leaned back against his desk, his hand reaching out to rest upon it, and his fingers slid ever-so-delicately over the lid of the red box before they touched down on the wood with a loud Clack! from his ring. "At least, in time...
"As you know, there are Christians in the world. And, as you will soon find out, there are those who believe more in Satan than they do in God. Satan makes more sense to them. And the others out there - the others of our little group - most of them believe in Satan, and they say that God does not exist. This is so obviously false. The things that I have seen... that eventually you will see as well, should convince you that God can do nothing but exist. Nevertheless, we cannot follow Him. That is not our way. It will not be how you are raised, or your sister, or any other child that is part of this assemblage. We believe in something darker. We believe in chaos, in the obliteration of cause and effect, in the love of absolutely everything. That is what we embrace.
"But eventually, it will tempt you - their side, the side of God. I have no doubt. And I want you to remember, no matter what those who live in Heaven say, Hell is what saved you before you even knew what saving was. The Christians, the pacifists, the people with their perfect families and dogs and colleges, those who have all the chances you never would have had without me, they will condemn me; but I, one sort of hell, saved you from the other. You will not be raped, and not because of their charity, but because of my gun. You will not be murdered, and not because of where their faith resides, but because of where mine does. You will not be a victim, and not because a shelter or a missionary found you, but because a little red box sits in this house, and it waits for another bite of the flesh of fools.
"So, if you ever start thinking that they're right and I'm wrong because their arguments seem logical and what I require of you seems so horrible - if you ever start to hate what you once loved - remember this moment and all moments of me, with whom you are perfectly safe, and realize what a tragedy it would be for you to leave all that I have provided.
"What I bestow upon you is unconditional protection - the kind of protection that people eat their hearts out for. You have it. As long as you listen to me, as long as you keep your faith in me, as long as you follow me and learn from me - and the journey will be hard, undoubtedly, but if you keep at it - you are safe. Nothing can harm you. No one can touch you. I am sealing you off from the rest of the world, Jack. The world can fuck itself like it always does, but it won't be fucking you. And I'm going to help you get revenge for all the things it could have done, were I not here.
"I love you. The best and worst parts of you. And you will love them, too. There is nothing more important than that. What is here and now, and what lies before us together, is more important than any other thing in the world. Do you understand?" he said.
"I understand," I told him.
"But if you do lose our way..." He tapped the box. "All of my protection ends."
I didn't even know how to lose the way, and I told him so.
"It'll come," he said. "It always does. The choice."
And that was the first time I had ever seen that box. It stuck with me because only days later I saw it used, and the words reverberated through me: "If you lose our way, all of my protection ends." I was terrified.
It was things like this that made everything so precarious. Even with a solid foundation as a murderer, I knew that it wouldn't necessarily save me. The problem with being a "murderer" is that its power doesn't exist unless it is ceaselessly exercised. If I had ever stopped killing - not that I wanted to, not that it ever entered my mind - but if I did, I would no longer be salvageable. Cyrus's unconditional protection was conditional.
But none of this concerned me early on. Certainly not at the age of eight, or ten, or twelve, or when I learned how to want it, wait for it, and then drink it.
When I think about the years between Roland and sixteen, as horrible as it eventually became, those eight years were the most beautiful moments of my life - that is, before the power was clich, before the loss of life was kitsch.
Yes, yes, by protecting Cyrus from Havinger, I had created an immense shadow to fill; but what is so important is how luxuriantly I filled it. I loved seeing the fear of the other followers when I entered a room, especially when they were twenty to thirty years my senior. I reveled in my reputation as "our little killer," and then "our Jack."
About seven years in, I was at my peak - full-fledged, quietly vicious. I did it so beautifully that even I hated me a little for it. Then, I began to kill on my own, without Cyrus's permission. He always was the controlling force, but at the age of fifteen, no longer. That was when I chose who I wanted to put to ground, and every one that went down lifted me up.
Who did I kill? Anyone I judged might want to kill me - that would have, had Cyrus not been there. I waited for them in the alleys with my pistol and suppressor. I never waited for them to condescend, but I could tell the ones who would. I've never been wrong.
I can only describe it as the perfect fantasy. The perfect... game. For me, every day was the day.
Murder is poetry, and many times I have introduced myself to people as a poet who always breaks the fourth wall. The first drops were always a flicker, a foretaste, of the raze that ensued chockfull of chaotic swell. Yet, in another way altogether it was short peace, like the silent gasp before a plunge, or movements deafened in the firsts of war. However, no matter what it was or how it seemed, men fell, and with them their lies and intimidation. Then, life was all pandemonium, where the safety of my liberty lay. I had never felt such relief in the flares of uproar and shadows of exhaustive destruction. It felt beautiful. A smoky sweet break of ethereal, an atmosphere of eruptive disgust. And it tasted like Cloves.
Often I lick my lips in lieu of it, such as now, awaiting cinnamon and smoke to nip. I am a vague addict to that flash of past, with need to satisfy in second tastes that my victories cannot be undone. For I fear that it will drop, that the past will come alive to choose different, and Ill hear a voice threaded with authority command, Hold out your hands, or perhaps instead ask for my neck.
But they did fall, all vast cloaks and fayed soul, and how their bodies hit the ground seemed very tantamount to doll-like death, all fluttering eyelids and glassy gaze. In intimate fact I was unsatisfied with the quickness in which they lay. I wanted to yell at the bodies that toppled to floors to crawl. Crawl! Because their weakness warranted affliction and no misery did they betray.
Yes, yes, murder is poetry... and I have written chapters with knives.
But in less poetic terms, as curt as I can be, I killed men. And... I loved them as they died. That was how I loved.
It is beautiful.
And, as I have so elegantly been told, wrong.
But I will not denigrate it. Respect shall be laid where it is due. This is life. Not "therapy."
They were rapists, molesters, thieves, murderers, liars, psychopaths, sometimes women. Cyrus always asked me to. The innocent... yes, I have killed those as well.
And cleaned up the bodies. Disposed and closed. Roland helped me in this area. It was always to the furnace or the quick lime, and he never asked any questions. It became normality, this mobius strip. I began not to know where the beginning to the process had ever been, how I had entered this arrangement. It was smooth, like an organ pumping along. I went out, I found a wasp, I pressed my thumb to it until it died, and then I took it home, and Roland helped me burn the antenna, the wings, the torso, the head. Usually, anyway. There were times I knew I could leave the remains, and I did.
Though Roland never mentioned it, he knew some of the corpses I brought back Cyrus had never requested. There were too many. And, in this area, Roland helped me by keeping silent. Maybe that was Cyrus's intention all along, to grow me beyond himself. I don't know.
The first night I killed of my own desire, I remember, it was long ago, when I was teaching my sister how to drive a stick shift in an old Ford Sable. She was only eleven, but I knew she should learn, and we were on the shoulder of the road practicing. That night, a man rear-ended us. He nearly killed us.
He was in a black truck, and he was high, so high. When I crawled from the wreck and slinked to his vehicle, he laughed and laughed behind the driver's seat with his nose broken and bloody, like a demonic clown. Even when I retrieved a piece of sticky glass and slid it into his neck, he laughed at me. You can kill the man, but you can't murder the laughter. That's one of the things you discover. But killing the man was good enough for me. I'd learned to live with the rest of it.
I do believe that in all of this Alex was jealous of me. Killing did not seep from him as it did from me. It was not organic. But then, he had abilities that I lacked as well. He could make them scream. It just turned out that Cyrus had more use for killing wasps than watching them writhe and squeal. It took me years to realize it, but I had little to fear from Alex as far as death. It was only the rest of the package I need deal with. But I have never screamed. I've never learned how.
All along the way, Cyrus became more mysterious to me. I knew myself well, of course, but never Cyrus. I never knew him, only his work. I knew him through what he made of me.
I was infallible, perfect, evil. The closest I could come to any human being had already occurred. Roland and I were cemented. And, in a way, I believe I tried to repeat that cementation with the others. Yes, I wanted them dead, but at the same time I yearned for their return so that I could kill them again. That, after all, was when it became beautiful. It was how it was supposed to be. I chose to kill those that I would have desired to execute a hundred times, if I had been allowed.
Of course, they never fulfilled their part of the cycle, and to me, it was a sign of betrayal. I believed that their lack of resurrection was more their fault than my own.
All of it, from cover to core, irritated me. There was no kill like my first kill. And no future kill could satisfy me enough to be my last. I was addicted.
I remember I choked a man to death with piano wire in Cyrus's parlor as he and ten or so others watched like hungry eighteenth century genteel with fangs in their eyes. I had borrowed Roland's Bb string, and when I was done, it was returned to the piano to see how death made the music sound. It made me think of violin strings made from spider's web.
That specific man had tried to sleep with Cyrus's wife. I don't know why that wasn't expected, considering the sort that Cyrus kept around, but perhaps Cyrus enjoyed it that way. Yes, perhaps he harvested what he perceived as future prey. I had already received many chances to create and sample such peculiar tones on Roland's fine piano.
As I've said before, I was addicted, obsessed, but I oh so enjoyed my affliction. Much like a man who must wash his hands until they bleed to be at ease, there was something pleasurable even beyond my own personal desires. It wasn't me inside who was gratified. "It" - whatever "it" is - was sated.

But then, something changed. Doesn't it always?
After eight or so years of me killing, things began to happen outside of our silky norm. Soon, the solid mechanical organ pumping along didn't work so well. The pattern of kill, dispose, repose got muddled in the cogs. The habit jammed.
Normally, Cyrus would send me on my way to kill a man, or men, and when the job was finished, we'd meet at a diner - the same diner every time. By that time, it was usually very late into the night, and few others besides ourselves would be there. I'd order a meal and coffee. He'd order an Irish coffee. We'd switch. Then, as I sipped the smooth cream and bitter enfolds, I'd reminisce with him, glow for a while, put the murder in the past tense, and we'd leave. This was our one-on-one time, our Cyrus and Jack time. It also sewed things up nicely, partitioning these deaths like squares in a quilt.
Maria and Rebekah were our waitresses. I remember them. Cyrus gave them hundred dollar tips every time. And there was the owl clock on the wall. I always loved the way its silver wings spread on the hour. Cyrus and I sat in the same red booth each night. I appreciated the way the smooth plastic felt against my hands when I warmed them beneath my legs. And then the way Cyrus smiled when I gave him a memento, told him it was finished, was spectacular.
But then came the night I could not wait for the diner.
It was a wicked night, and I was seventeen. It was cold, and the moments that laid me out in a daze were when I was prepared to cook only to find a feast already on the table. It terrified me because, suddenly, I was no use. What is a murderer to think when his victim falls before his knife is drawn? What does a psychopath do when he tries to lure his prey, only to find she is already dead? Does he call the police? I don't know.
I had been sent to shoot two men who had raped Meredith - a girl my age who Cyrus lusted after.
It was twelve or so in the evening when I got a call to come to the Gillespie Hospital. It wasn't Cyrus who called me, but when I stepped out of the elevator, he was there straight down the crisp pallid hall.
It was cold, mid-December, and so he had his ebon trench coat on, and I'll admit it. He was graying, but still quite a stunning man. His looks made people listen.
I stepped to him, and as I tallied his words, I peeked in through the doorway he stood beside and saw Meredith sitting in a hospital bed, the green gown draped around her, crying. Others crowded around her, consoling. She was looked rough, had a swollen eye, not yet black, a jagged red on her lip, one more on her arm. Her hair glistened yellow, not white.
"Raped," Cyrus whispered in my ear. He touched my shoulder with his hand.
"Kill them."
He told me their names, where they lived, what they looked like.
"If you have time," he said as I turned to go, "shoot from the knees up. Otherwise, don't worry about it."
"It's done," I said, already starting on my way.
I had hunted these men, just as I was told. I followed them, felt them out, till my teeth ground down on cold air, and my nose was bloody, and my hands had turned to claws. I heaved myself at them through the woods, until finally, they stopped and sneered. With my soft hands I felt out the cuspate knife and thrust it through the air to pin it to the right man's heart - one of these rapists - but then he rose! He shot up through the branches, so that my knife passed beneath him and plunged deep into the tree. He rose like an actor on a pulley on a black stage. The bottom of his feet touched the topmost of the branches of the tree behind him, and I had thought, Dear God! I have been hunting a vampire!
Before I could catch my breath, the other one's figure shot up like a rocket without noise or light, and my head swung like a hinge to the left. He hung there, suspended like a puppet held by an invisible hand, also at the outermost edge of the tree. I stood and wondered how I was to kill them, and I reached out just briefly like a child trying to catch candy from God's hand. I whispered "How?"
As though in answer to my question, their heads ripped from their shoulders, and a splatter of warm liquid splashed the dirt and leaves before me. The heads plummeted to the ground and bounced like basket balls, and as they did, the arms jerked viciously off the torsos, and then the legs. There was a shower of body parts like a morgue had been lodged in the sky.
If there had been a blind man there, he would have seen it just the same. It was such a night.
I stepped amongst their liquids and organs only to collect my knife from the tree. The smell of thousands of pennies in sugar hit me, but it did not make me smile. I slid through the blood and returned to Cyrus as fast as I could.
I did not wait for the appropriate meeting time, did not care for my Irish coffee. I returned to the hospital, got to Meredith's then-darkened room, and breathed. Cyrus was the only other one inside. He was sipping tea and reading a book in a chair beside Meredith's bed.
Meredith was asleep, facing away, an IV dripping diamond drops in her veins. Cyrus's left hand was draped on the bed rail, until he saw me, and then it moved to his face, slid his reading glasses to the top of his head.
"You look like a ghost," he said, concerned.
I swallowed. "Something shocked me."
"Something shocked you?" He closed the book in his lap and opened his palm out towards me.
"I got there. And..."
"And?"
I leaned against the hospital room wall, reached out with my right hand, gripped the door and shut it quietly. "Cyrus," I began, "Do you ever get the feeling, sometimes, say, when you've just entered a room..." I looked into his grey eyes.
"Yes?" He tilted his head forward.
"That the Devil has just been there?"
He exhaled quickly and briefly. He raised his head to look at me. "Sometimes, after we do our work, I'd like to think he has." That made me pause. "Did you see the Devil, Jack?"
I racked my brain for words to respond. "This was just...," I said, picturing it, and laying it out in the air with my hands. "I followed them into the woods, and there was a clearing. They were... dismembered, Cyrus. Dismembered right before me. They shot up into the air and..." I looked up as though they were there in the room, pressed to the ceiling. I had said this loudly, as though it would amount to something, but I could not finish. "It was un-real. Not real. It wasn't fucking real."
"But the job has been done?"
"Yes, but I didn't do it."
Cyrus never even blinked. He just looked at me with his head leaned forward as though waiting for more.
"Did I?" I said, thinking to myself that it would make far more sense. "No, I didn't." I pictured their heads popping off again, the stretch of the neck's skin like it was warm, loose cheese.
"Jack," Cyrus said. "Go home, Jack."
I snapped away from the mental images that stormed me.
"Drink something, something strong, or inhale something. Get the soul back in you. If you need money for it, I'll give you whatever you need."
"No," I said. "I need to know."
The corners of his mouth pulled back, and his lips pursed.
"It's been ten years now, us working together, and there's likely to be at least ten more," he said. "You know what's going on here."
As soon as the words leapt from his tongue, I pictured all the eyes in the world turning towards me. In the room, the pressure shifted.
"Sometimes, Cyrus," I said carefully, "I really don't think I do."
Cyrus lifted his hot tea and drank it down. The liquid was still steaming, twinkling with the heat, but he poured it into his mouth like it was air. He stared at me and finished soundlessly. "Do you remember, when you were young, the first time I showed you that red box in my office? The one that looks like a clarinet case, but had peeling velvet and required a key?"
"Of course."
"And you remember Mr. Thornton, hm? And that box?"
"Cyrus, I remember everything with that box."
"Do you?"
"You lock them in with it."
"And?"
I didn't want to answer him. "I remember."
"Yes?"
I sighed. "I do."
"Well, Jack, sometimes I don't have to 'lock them in.' Sometimes, when I want things done, I don't necessarily need people like you."
"People like me?" I repeated him, thinking.
"You have to understand... it's not the most reliable of methods. I'm never sure what will 'pop out' so to speak, but I do still have that red box, and I do open it from time to time when need be. Whether it is entirely responsible for this or other things, I can't say. All I know is that I opened it this time around, and simultaneously it seems you were... unnecessary in doing what needed to be done. Just like when I left that box in the room with Mr. Thornton. And before that with Mr. Johnson. Before that, Mr. Shriver. The same. The same. Always the same."
"Where did you get it? Where does a person get a box like that?"
Cyrus said nothing. He smiled and clasped his hands together. "You might as well ask where Roland came from. Or where I did," he finally said, close to a whisper. "My advice to you on both counts is to remain curious. Keep your desire to know, and don't know. I can't save you from everything.
"Go home. Shoot up. Sleep. And, whatever you do, leave it alone. Sometimes, when you stare too long into the void, it begins to stare back at you."
He picked his book back up and opened it. "Trust me Jack," he said. "Days like this... heroin is surprisingly heroic."
I did as he asked.
* * *
The next week, though, I was sent to kill a debtor. He owed Cyrus thousands, and he had not paid for years. It had come to a point where I was needed.
He was a small man. An easy kill, I had thought to myself.
On a Wednesday evening, after completing my homework, I retrieved my guns and knife and left. He was holed up in his daughter's perfumery - and I came to him in the ebon amongst the glimmering liquids to right the wrong.
A thousand little vials of perfume sat twinkling beneath the store's lights on golden wooden shelves. A thousand reasons he gave Cyrus for not having the money. And now, of course, Cyrus knew there was no money.
I stepped towards the shop and stood before its wood-framed glass door as the lights inside flickered briefly. They cast their glow upon me. There were vials, test-tubes, paper, coffee beans. The light was caught in little flecks of gold in the wood of the store, so that different parts of the store sparked my interest as they flared, even with the barest movement of my head. It did not seem like a perfume shop, but I could not decide in such a short time what it was.
I took a deep breath. I watched the man at the back of the store come forward and suddenly notice me, look me square in the eye. He slowed his pace and cocked his head. He was a short man, balding, with a dark beard and glasses. He had the nicest suit. It was so very... nineteenth century. I thought I saw the chain of a pocket watch, but there was none.
I went up to the door and tried the knob. It was still locked. I looked in again, and the man just stood there. A myriad of things seemed to pass between us that could never be put into words, but he knew somehow.
I pulled out the Five-Seven and shot the window of the door. I kicked in the parts that did not break, and stepped into the shop with a snap and crunch. The man dived to my left, tucked himself behind the counter, and I nearly slid in the broken shards as I took my first step.
I lunged toward the counter and slapped my left hand on its slick wood top, firming my body and pushing with all my strength so that, with a jump, I got my legs on the counter, and then stood up, towering over him, my black coat swinging about me and nearly blocking my view. He looked up at me, like a mouse cornered, and I lifted the gun to shoot him, but it jammed! The fucker! And he, grabbing an eight gauge directly under the counter, swung the muzzle up. I ducked, leaping off of the counter and waited for a boom! But there was no boom. There was no sound at all.
That was when the perfume began to fall. They hit slowly, first, one at a time and randomly, like flecks of a beginning snow. I watched them like one would a ghost. Then, it began to pour. Whole shelves broke apart and glass flailed through the air, crashing like bombs. In a few short moments, every bottle was broken, looking like piles of hard candy in rum and there was a mist in the air that burned my lungs like noxious gas. I held a sleeve to my face as I carefully stepped round the counter, my .38 now in hand, but when I saw his body, his throat was cut from ear to ear like a nauseous smile. For the first time I didn't smell the blood.
I nearly stormed to Cyrus's home, nearly pinned him in his office, but an overwhelming sense of "Fuck it all," took me, and so I waited in the car until the appointed time, and then drove to the diner.
Cyrus was already sitting in the booth.
That night his shirt was cobalt. He had an emerald ring on his left hand in the place of his wedding ring. This did not give me pause. I barely wondered at it.
"Well, just how Irish should your coffee be tonight?" he asked as I sat down. He smirked.
"You can have mine," I replied.
"You know I always prefer it virgin."
"What? You add your own whiskey."
"Yes, well, my whiskey is so smooth, it's still virgin."
"Whatever," I said. "I didn't do the job."
"Excuse me?" Cyrus asked, and his voice had an edge.
"Your box is getting good. What can I say? Maybe it's time for me to retire." I leaned back in the seat and propped my feet up on his booth beside him. I crossed my hands over my stomach like in prayer.
"What happened?"
"His throat slit itself."
"Are you certain of this?"
"Of course. I've never been more certain of anything else. And I'd just like you to know that, as fantastic as these experiences are becoming, they do frighten me. I can stomach things, Cyrus. But this... it's something else. It really does feel different. When you're near, it's like there's something pressed right up against your neck, and..."
"Jack, what you're telling me is impossible."
I paused, mid-sentence, and took a moment to catch up to his verdict. He looked at me as though we were in a business meeting gone horribly wrong. "I don't understand. What's impossible?"
"I didn't open the box. It wasn't necessary that Jim's death be particularly... fantastic. What you're saying..." he shrugged and flipped his hands in the air, "can't be true. I didn't open the box because he simply wasn't worth it."
A cheery voice popped up beside us. "Well, good to see you two again. What can I get for you this evening?" It was red-haired Maria.
"Jack?"
"The turkey migas and a coffee," I said, never taking my eyes from Cyrus.
Cyrus turned and smiled affably to Maria. "And an Irish coffee. And, if you can, double the whiskey."
"Always do," said Maria, and she smiled at both of us and left.
"What the fuck do you mean you didn't open the box?" I asked, almost all composure gone.
Cyrus didn't answer me. "How's your sister?" he asked, pleasantly.
I sighed. "You don't give a fuck about her."
"But you do, right?" He shifted his head. The way he held himself, I knew there was no getting past answering this. "And I care about you, Jack," he added.
"She's fine. But this box..."
"And your Mother?"
I didn't look him in the eye. As frightening as Cyrus could be, he was making me angry. My Mother was a sore subject, and he knew this. "The usual. Why?"
"Still bringing strange men home? Still doped out of her mind?"
"Yes. Yes. What does it matter? I get doped out of my mind."
"You don't really believe that it doesn't matter."
"And you don't really give a shit." I turned out my hands, questioning.
"Are you stressed?"
"No." I answered this immediately.
"Fearful?"
"Only of you. And whatever is taking my kills from me."
Maria was then beside us with a tray in her left hand. "A bottomless coffee and an extremely Irish coffee." She set both the glasses down on the table.
"Thank you, Maria," Cyrus said, "you are so nice."
Maria's plump cheeks burned rosy. "It's easy to be nice to nice people." She touched Cyrus's right shoulder, and she left. I watched her hips sway until she disappeared into the kitchen.
Cyrus switched our coffees. The cups were unintelligible.
"Your Mother's a whore," Cyrus said to me.
"We've been over this."
"And she brings home men who threaten the... well-being of your sister. Why do you let her live?" he asked me.
I looked at him, not knowing what to say. All I could think was, Cyrus, you threaten the well-being of my sister.
He continued, his gray hair gleaming in the light, "You've killed perhaps twenty people now... that I know about. In almost every way possible. Would it be difficult to do? No. Would you miss her? No. Would your sister be worse for it? No. So what holds you back?"
"I..." I paused. "I don't know."
"Would you like me to have her killed for you?" he asked.
I shook my head.
"Why?"
I sighed, grabbed my coffee, but before I could lift it, Cyrus put his hand on mine until I let the coffee go.
"It's inexplicable, isn't it?" he asked me. "There can be something so dangerous to you, but you let it continue on because... you just don't know why."
"Cyrus," and I said my words so carefully now, trying with all my might to be heard. "I don't think your box has to be opened anymore to work. And when it kills my victims before I can get to them, there's no mistaking that. It's threatening me."
Cyrus leaned forward. "Jack, remember who you are talking to. I am not trying to convince you to kill your Mother. I am simply trying to open your eyes to the fact that, if what you say is true - that your intended victims are dying before you can reach them - whether the box is opened or no, shouldn't your first question be not, 'How do I end this?' or 'What is causing this?' But rather, 'How do I use this? Who do I need to kill that I don't really want to kill?' And shouldn't the first answer to this be quite obvious?"
I sat there stone-cold speechless.
"Drink your coffee," he said.
I closed my dropped jaw, and I drank my coffee. Eventually, I said, "I think you underestimate the danger to me here."
"I think you underestimate the power you now have."
"It's not mine."
"It's linked to you. I would call that quite lucky."
"Is that what you are? Just lucky?"
He smirked. "Don't fuck with me." And then, "What is it exactly that you would have me do?"
I picked up my fork thoughtfully. "If you have to... Burn the box. Destroy it."
He immediately laughed. "That will never happen. It can't burn." Then, he said sarcastically, "Besides, it's like a Mother to me."
I rolled my eyes. "Then what am I supposed to do?"
"See where this goes."
"No."
"Jack, you don't have a choice. It's what I decide. Like everything else."
I gritted my teeth hard.
"I guess," I replied, "if I were to do what you said... that is, kill someone I need to kill but don't particularly want to kill... it would be my Father."
"Really?"
"Fuck if I know where he is, of course. Never even met him, if my Mother even knows which of the bastards she fucked is mine. It's one thing to be a failure of a parent. It's another to forgo being a parent at all. No... no, hell with it. I'd rather kill him myself. That's one I wouldn't want taken from me."
Cyrus smiled and cleared his throat. "You do realize... if it were not for your Father abandoning you, there would be no me and you."
My fantasizing was smothered by his statement. "Yes."
"So maybe you owe him more than you want to admit."
"I can owe him and kill him."
Cyrus dipped his head slowly as though bowing before a King. Then we just stared at one another for a long while.
"I'm frightened, Cyrus, and I am not used to that."
"There's nothing wrong with a little fear now and then. It comes with age. Intelligence."
"Do you fear?"
Cyrus's mouth popped open, but a few seconds came and went before he spoke. "You'll eat your food. Then we'll go take a look at Jim's corpse."
"Why?"
"Well, what if you have gone absolutely insane? And Jim was never dead to begin with? And you only think his throat slit itself?"
"I haven't gone insane."
"That is exactly what an insane person would say."
I chuckled. "You didn't check on Meredith's rapists."
"There was blood spatter on your face then, and that was a day when I had opened the box, remember. Your clothes aren't even wrinkled now."
I nodded my head. "You'll see."
Had I not known Cyrus at all, "We can't go back there," I would have said. "There will be cops by now." Yes, that would have been my reasoning. But I did not say these things, for I had learned by then that it didn't matter. The world always skirted around Cyrus. And so I ate my meal languidly, so languidly, as we talked of death.
* * *
When Cyrus drove us to the perfumery, it was just as I expected. Despite the lights being on, no one had investigated the place, or called the police, and there were still glass bottles all about the floor. If it had been a painting, I would have called it, "Alcoholic's Rampage."
"Where's the body?" Cyrus asked.
I pointed round the counter, while I covered my nose to breathe. As we walked towards it, though, I suddenly knew with all my heart that the body would not be there. It would have disappeared, or never originally been there. Maybe I have gone insane, I thought. But then we rounded the corner, and I saw feet, ankles, shins, stomach, throat.
Yes, Jim was as dead as could be.
"Mm," Cyrus hummed softly, and he squatted near the body. He touched the man's tweed jacket, running the backs of his fingers up towards the collar, and then he took the tip of his forefinger and ran it across the bloody laceration, and then finally plunged his fingers deep inside. When he pulled them out, they were covered in red, and Cyrus said to me, "No knife did this."
"So I'm not crazy."
Cyrus didn't respond. He opened the man's mouth, looked into the maw, and then pulled apart the man's shirt and examined his chest.
I stood behind Cyrus, watched his back as he undid his own jacket, and then as he pulled out a knife. The blade was not particularly long. Five inches or so. He twirled it between his fingers, until, as though writing with a quill, he cut into the man's chest a series of perpendicular lines. On the last line, just as soon as Cyrus's blade left the skin, the laceration in the man's throat grew bright. Almost instantaneously, the body was covered in flames. I was in awe.
"That's a neat trick," I whispered, absolutely entranced. The heat rose up against my hands like puffs of wolf's breath.
Cyrus placed his hand gently against my arm and guided me back. "Return to the car," he said. "I'll be there in a moment." I nodded my head and turned to go.
As I walked through the broken glass door and out into the night, across the expanse of parking before me, a sudden bright glow fluoresced, and my shadow stretched out very long. I flipped around.
The entire perfumery was burning now, from concrete floor to parched, wooden roof. It was like a brilliant star had poured its blood upon the building. I felt the heat come to me as would an explosion, and my whole body shivered in exhilaration. Yet, the night was absolutely quiet. There was no crackling, sizzling, popping, moaning, hissing usually inherent in such giant flames.
I walked towards the building, feeling my eyelids and cheeks scream against the blaze. Yet, no matter how close I came, all I could hear was the wind. The inferno didn't even whisper.
As I stood there, out from the milky orange whips of flame walked Cyrus's cloaked figure. There was a case in his left hand, a bottle in his right, a smile on his face. The fire had left no mark on him. He appeared as dapper as the conductor of an opera.
His pace was hot and I bolted to keep up with him. In just a flash, we were both in the car, and he was driving away.
"Maybe you're right," he said, turning onto Connor Street.
"About?"
"Maybe there is a correlation. Maybe there is something threatening there." He looked at me, but I could not discern just what emotion his face evoked, if any. He turned back to the road and continued. "I wonder what it could mean... when there is a disconnect between what you do and what is done."
In these seconds I realized that perhaps I had made in irreversible and grave mistake in telling Cyrus anything. For the first time in my life, I vaguely wished I had lied to him, even if it had killed me. "It's not necessarily a bad sign."
"No, it's not. But the box deals in traitors and outsiders. It's what the box is implying, Jack."
"Fuck that," I said. "I have always been there for you. Always. In whatever you've asked. I..."
"I know." He stopped me by placing his hand on top of mine and squeezing it briefly. He let me go. "And I'll never forget it. Ever."
My breath paused. This was not a soothing answer to me. It was not what I wanted to hear. But then, as if knowing this, he added, "Besides, that's not what I was thinking. Not what I was thinking at all."
"What is it?" I said.
He peered at me in the dim night. "There is something I have never told you."

Chapter 13
DJ VU
"How did your test go?" Patrick asked me the next day.
"I kicked it's ass," I said.
"That's fuckin' right, you did." That made me smile.
Patrick jumped off of the brick wall he had been sitting at, and he petted the cat that was close by - it was the HSME cat. Hasme we called him, because he was a feral cat that resided between the Hammond Science Building and the Maple Engineering Building. He was an orange tabby, and all students had some form of affection for him, what with all of us being ferals in our own way.
"What are we doing today?" Patrick asked, and he handed me a cigarette and grabbed one for himself. After I brought our tips to burning life, I said, "I'm surprised you're even awake after last night."
"I feel fine. In fact I feel," he said, and he grinned at me, "like like prepping for the end of the world."
"Really?"
"Well, an end of sorts. I want to get my things back tonight, if it's alright."
Inside, Patrick made me laugh. His whole plan was adorable.
I took a drag off of the cigarette while I stared at him. A couple of people walked by me and fake-coughed. It was obviously some anti-smoking point. Patrick kissed his hand and blew it to them with smoky breath. It made him look like a hung-over magician attempting one last sad trick. The woman frowned and the man shook his head. They kept walking and didn't look back again.
"So what magic do you work?" he asked, turning back to me. "What's your formula?"
"What makes you think I have one?"
"Just something about you."
I looked up into the trees and watched the daylight shimmer between the leaves. The light and dark struck me as magnificent. "I do have a few strategies."
"Aha! Knew it!"
I sighed. "I suppose we can do it together. Come on." So, we headed to the south side of town.
We eventually parked under the Waltham Bridge and took a stroll down by the river. Many of the homeless were known to reside there because this bridge marked the deadest and poorest part of town. It reminded me of my home. Not Cyrus's. Mine. I told Patrick, "Let's go for a walk."
He looked uncertain, but nevertheless followed. Though I did not tell him, there was a purpose to this visit and the walk and the day.
"When you were young, did your parents try to protect you from seeing these sorts of things? Poverty?" I asked him.
"I don't know," said Patrick, "I mean, I don't think they were overprotective, if that's what you mean, but they never, you know, pointed them out. Why?"
I shook my head. "Nothing. The guy I lived with, he took me to the slums when I was younger. He made me talk with the people there. He pointed out the druggies, the liars, the likely murderers and thieves."
"Why?"
"That's a good question," I said, evading the answer. "But his son turned out to be all three of those. I guess we could have just stayed home and done the same thing."
Patrick laughed like I had been joking, but by the end of his chuckles, I think he suspected I wasn't.
We walked down the steep decline to where there was a concrete walkway below the bridge. There were a few people, and while we were still distant from them, I pulled out my wallet from my jacket pocket and stopped in the dead grass. Patrick stopped with me.
"How much do I owe you for the drugs?" I asked.
"You don't owe me a thing."
"I'm not giving you a fucking dime. Just tell me how much I've cost the drug world."
He slowly added it up in his head. "A thousand... I think."
"I've got five hundred here. I'm thinking a hundred for five different people," I said.
"Why? What are you doing?" Patrick asked.
I looked at him. "Being kind for a moment..."
Then I was back in my wallet, searching for the last hundred. It was hidden in the back right. I unfolded it and a very unenthused Benjamin smiled at me. I put the wallet back in my pocket and started walking with Patrick to the embankment. "I usually keep this much money on me for an emergency... And a .38... and matches," I added. "And a needle and thread."
Patrick paused. "What's the needle and thread for?" he asked, but I didn't answer. By the time I could sense he would ask again, we had already encountered a very unhappy looking group of people, and he shut up.
Ragged, darkly smudged faces peeked out beneath hats and straggly hair. The eyes were not kind, they were keen. None gave me a headshake to acknowledge some affable hello, and a few, after eyeing Patrick and myself, turned away from us. I, as I watched them, didn't know which of us was more defeated. I had never been rich, but I had been taken under wealth's wing many times. I felt ashamed.
Patrick whispered to me, "That guy's son you were talking about - if you're missing him at all, this would be a great place for you to visit now and again."
I smirked at him, and he nodded his head at me like a British Professor of Herpetology would, and we continued walking down the long, dank path bordering the river.
The first man I gave a hundred to was sleeping inside a little crevice in the concrete wall. He had a bag wrapped around his hand, and I slipped the hundred into his pants' pocket. I wondered what his expression would be when he woke.
As we walked on, Patrick looked grimmer and worried. "Why are you doing this?" he asked.
In reality, I wanted to get Patrick into a world beyond himself - beyond his cars and velvet couches and clinking glasses. I wanted him to breathe a little dirt before we went breaking into peoples' houses. There was another reason, though, and this one I told him outright.
"I believe in equaling in the world, Patrick. I'm doing some good in the world before I do some bad."
"What I have planned... isn't exactly bad."
"All the better. But still. The world keeps a balance, and I have no reason to tilt it one way or another. When I know I'm going to throw that balance off - become part of the disease - I've got to cure some things. The balance must be maintained. We can't rework the river."
Patrick and I continued on, silent.
The second person tried to sell me an origami swan for two dollars. It was done in newspaper. I took the swan, flapped its wings by pulling on its tail, and I gave him two dollars for it with a ninety-eight dollar tip. He cried.
"Have you ever done this before? Giving money to homeless people, I mean." Patrick asked me.
I turned to him, felt the warmth coming from his body in the cooling air, and I told him, "Once. You?"
Patrick shook his head. "No, but I was given money like this, one time. Not under a bridge, of course. It was at my Mother's funeral."
This made me look to Patrick as though I were seeing him fully for the first time. I had never heard about his parents. I didn't know his Mother was dead.
"In fact," he continued, "the day of my Mother's funeral, practically every relative gave me money. Every one of them in 'secret.' Each of them I remember came to me at various points. They gave me condolences, and then cards. They whispered, 'Patrick, I'm so very sorry about your Mother. You are getting so big and old, love. Here's a little to make up for not seeing you in the past few years.' I had over twenty-five hundred by the end of the day."
I stopped walking.
"It's the dirtiest money I've ever been given," he said, "and I've sold drugs."
I looked down at the three other Benjamin's poking through the spaces between the fingers of my right hand. They barely showed from the bottom of the black sleeve of my jacket. I looked round the dusky and deadening surroundings, and then back to Patrick with his superb slacks and black sweater and ebon trench coat and brilliant red hair. "Do you feel that I'm being disingenuous, Patrick?"
He took a step toward me. "No," he said. "Not to these people. I just don't see how this," he motioned around with his hands, "could make up for something tragic you might cause later. That's your idea, isn't it? But it doesn't work. Money at a funeral doesn't cheer the dead, it deadens the money."
I smiled at him, for I did understand him, but I disagreed. "I would never try to make up for the terrible things I do," I said. "I don't think anyone is capable of that. I never bring money to a funeral."
"What is it, then?" he asked.
I searched for the words. "You mean, aside from trying to give God a reason not to kill me off too early?" It was a rhetorical question, and I didn't wait for an answer. "I really don't know. Maybe because I feel a split in myself, and I don't want the side that does drugs, and breaks into peoples' houses, and lies, and hates to get stronger than the other half. Maybe it's to convince myself that, if God does kill me off early, there's something about it that will be unfortunate." Patrick looked at me and didn't say anything. "Or maybe," I continued, "I try to make myself feel better by trying to make the rest of the world feel better. I don't think it really matters, though." I smiled. "The point is that these people are getting money. Something 'good' is potentially happening. I'm not going to question it. I'm just happy to be a part of that good... for once. Besides," I added as an aside, "if you and your Father had been poor, had been starving, nearly living under a bridge, money at a funeral would have been absolutely lovely for you."
I continued walking, and Patrick followed, then met my stride. "It's not that money at a funeral is the issue. The issue is that they were giving it to someone they knew didn't need it. You needed something else. Something they didn't know how to give."
Though he did not say anything in return, when we happened upon an older woman, Patrick pulled out a hundred from his wallet and gave it to her. I thought it was sweet, but at the same time, I nearly laughed.
When we had passed her, I said, "You would choose her, wouldn't you?"
"Why?" he asked.
"She was a prostitute," I said.
"What?" he asked, swinging his head back like a door on a hinge to look after her. "No she's not! She's... so old!"
"It's like you subconsciously sensed the one you could fuck," I said. "Teach me your ways," I laughed, clawing at his jacket. He shook me off, and after a good long while, I stopped chuckling.
The third guy I gave a hundred to had no teeth. He smelled of alcohol, not filth. The skin in his face seemed stretched against metal, not bone, his cheeks were so pointed. The two fingers that tweezed the bill from my grasp looked like the slim legs of a spider.
The fourth was a woman with cloudy yellow eyes, and when I gave her the bill, I told her how much it was. I wondered if she was blind.
After a few short sentences with Patrick, she became quite friendly with him, and I knew that even if she couldn't see his good-looks, she could at least hear the beauty in his voice. "Are you Irish?" she asked.
"Aye," he said.
"God bless you," she said through black teeth, "you poor bastards." Patrick laughed.
The last donation was made to a man with thick curly hair. He was black, and his voice sounded like a man on a radio station - full and thick. It didn't need a microphone to broadcast. "Thank you," he told me when I handed him the cash. "Thank you so much... uh... What is your name?"
"Jack," I said.
"Jack," he repeated, and he held out his hand. "I'm Roland."
My hand fell like a fishing line cast into water before I could shake his. "Roland?" I asked, breathlessly.
"Yes," he said, and he laughed good-naturedly. "Roland, like Rollin'. Rollin'. Roland down the river," he sang. He chuckled again like an anorexic Santa Clause. "That's me."
I peered up and into his kind eyes, and then from his head to his feet. Another Roland? Another Roland like my Roland? Was it him? The freckles on his face looked similar. So did the nose, and the chin. But his eyes... his eyes were all wrong. They were wider set. His cheekbones were lower in his face. Nevertheless... skinny, tall... it was eerie. I felt cold suddenly.
I turned to Patrick. "Give me another hundred," I said.
"What?" he asked.
"I'll owe you," I replied. "No. Wait. How much money do you have on you?"
Patrick gave me a questioning look, and I feared he wouldn't help me, but after a few tortuous seconds he pulled out his money and calmly counted through the bills. At that moment, I loved him. "Another two hundred," he said, and he looked at me like I had perhaps gone insane.
"Let me borrow it," I said again. "I swear I'll repay you." Patrick looked at me and Roland again. Roland threw his hands up and said, "There's no need for that," but then Patrick stacked the bills and tidied them. He held the stack out for the man.
"Are you sure about this?" Roland asked, his voice full of some magic that I felt I had heard once before, and his eyebrows lifted like balloons suddenly filling with helium.
"If you don't take it," Patrick replied with a smile, "I'll throw it in there," and he motioned to the moving water.
"Alright," Roland said, and he held out his hand. "Thank you. Thank you both so much. And you, Jack."
He pointed to Patrick. "You should stick with this one."
He put the money in the pocket of his jacket, and he held out his hand again. I shook it this time, feeling the warm, dry grasp of an old man, what seemed to me the hand of an old friend, as insane as that sounds, and as ridiculous as it seems now. "You take care of yourselves," he said to us like a store clerk in a nostalgic candy store, and he continued walking on his way.
Patrick started forward, and I followed. We were now looking for a stairway or some other incline that would allow us out from the low concrete walkway bordering the river. But as I looked for that way out, I also turned back to glance again at Roland, and when I turned, so did he. Our eyes met for a heavy second, and he nodded to me. He turned back around, and so did I, continuing to follow Patrick.
"Should I ask what that was about or just chalk it up to being life?" Patrick asked me congenially.
"He reminded me of someone," I said.
"Oh, yeah? Who?" he asked.
I didn't answer for a while. I didn't know what to say. Finally, I replied as we stepped on firm ground leading up and away from the river. "Someone I truly owe."

Chapter 14
THE MAN WITH STARS IN HIS BODY
If you didn't walk there, you would miss him. That is what Cyrus explained when he handed me the knife.
No car could take me to him, nor could Cyrus. I would be treading alone. "That is when he will come out," Cyrus said. "When you're alone.
"And you couldn't kill him, understand. You never could have, Jack, until now. I have faith that your gifts are from the box, and if they are from the box, you can carry them to him. I would join you, if I could." I knew this was true, that he was handing me a job that he could not do on his own. For once, I was not unafraid.
I understood very aptly that, just because I wasn't willing to use this strange force that had overcome my kills and taken them from me - that is, flooded my kills with a power beyond me or my own cause - didn't mean that Cyrus wasn't going to use it to his advantage. Though I wanted to, I couldn't deny him. I never could.
I may not have wanted my Mother dead, but Cyrus had someone like my Mother - someone he couldn't quite kill himself, and in a way, despite the fear, I enjoyed the idea of being there for him. I liked being capable in ways that he was not, even if it was not my own doing.
I slipped like a snake in milk through the forest that led to the man; I went there in the sunshine. Cyrus said it wouldn't matter what time or what day I went, but I left immediately while the sun was still shining, after the stranger was assigned to me.
I was already so nervous that I didn't want the night to surround me, even if the night was safe and obscuring. It was too quiet at night, I thought. It was too dead.
But this time, I was wrong. There was no noise but my own, and the woods in the light were even deader than the world at night. The slim trees that surrounded me were haunting - they were so slim and plentiful that anything might be lurking in them, anything but the natural, that is.
And I noticed that the leaves never tumbled in the direction I was going. The trees never leaned that way. The quiet waters never flowed to follow me. Compared to the rest of the world, I was walking backwards.
I felt in the grips of a faint magnetism that pulled at my jacket and hair to stop walking, turn around, go back. Some of my shirt buttons even unhooked themselves. One popped off, like the world was disrobing me, and as I was sewing it back on, I saw it.
A mix between a church and a Victorian home, rotten all the way through, like some sad forgotten fairy tale. The rot had closed the home's eyes for good, and when I stepped inside its mouth, the rooms were perfectly empty, the paint peeling like so many post-it notes and butterflies canvassing its walls. The sublimity of this peeling made me swoon, it was so geometrical. It did not help that everything, even the peeling paint, from cover to core was white.
As I explored the rooms, I did not expect to easily find him - this man that Cyrus so hungered for - but he was, to my utter surprise, in the den, reclining in a worn chair, as though tired. As I approached, I saw that he was staring at a few tiny flames in the black fireplace, and there was a brown blanket pulled over him. But in this blanket I saw something glow, and then suddenly, he gazed at me.
I drew my knife.
The man had black hair that tumbled over his face, and his eyes were so ebon that they stood out against his pale skin like holographs. His cheekbones were tall, and he seemed slightly gaunt. "Hello Jack," he said, and that stopped me from lunging towards him.
I tapped the knife against one of my fingers lightly, feeling the sharp tip.
The man gazed at the knife. "Has Cyrus come for another piece of me?" he asked, and as he whispered this question, he brought his hands down, and the blanket slipped from him.
I took a nimble step back.
The man's chest was bare, and there were cracks in him like an old piece of pottery. These fractures were giant, though, expansive, the width of a sword or knife. What stunned me, corked my throat, chained me to the floor was the glow in those cracks. The man's body was a furnace, and his breath stoked the flame.
Of all things, this in particular was not the kind of being I imagined meeting on Cyrus's orders. For one, he was visually stunning - bright and dark simultaneously. For another, he was weak, it seemed, as he lolled in the chair like an ancient being in need of resurrection - weak enough that Cyrus should have been able to kill him, I thought. But then... as I looked closer, the weakness seemed to fade away, and there was something immense and gold inside him, a brilliant shine filtered by what looked like stoking coals. He seemed so organic.
"Do you know who I am?" he asked.
"No," I replied. "Nor do I care."
"You've come without a thought, then, in that head of yours, to kill me? Even if I'm something you've never seen before?... Ready to thoughtlessly murder a miracle. Just like a machine?"
"Yes."
He smiled. "It must be marvelous - to do so much and feel so little. You get credit for being wholly alive at the cost of only half of that." As he spoke, the light in the giant cracks of his body fluoresced with every sentence, and when he stopped speaking, they died lower.
"I've seen many people in my life I've never encountered the likes of before or since. In a way, you're nothing different. Besides, I simply do what I'm asked to do," I said. I flicked out the knife to my side in a half-shrug.
"I have a feeling, Jack, that one wouldn't be required to ask you anymore." He paused and we caught each other's eyes for a moment, hovering over his gleaming and glowing flesh. "You won't succeed, though. Not tonight. Not even..." he raised a hand with a lightning strike buried in it and motioned toward me, "with the powers that the box supposedly gave you. No, not even with that."
That was when I began to feel something inside me turn. I thought it was my imagination until suddenly I could no longer stand, and I heard my knife drop to the floor. When my hands hit the wood and an overwhelming nausea invaded me, that was when the terror hit. I knew something was about to go horribly wrong.
Like a helium balloon turning to lead, I fell to the floor. I tried to shake away the blackness deluging me, but it would not relent until I was completely down like a patient in a hospital bed.
I began very much to fear what this man was. If I had been weaker, as he approached, I would have screamed.
The next think I knew, his form standing above me, blanket thrust off, his body glowing through his black pants and up through his chest and arms like tribal hellfire. His darkness was shining brilliantly.
"Cyrus has his plans, and I have mine," he whispered.
Though I tried to squirm, to crawl, to turn, I could only lay and breathe. I was paralyzed.
"Don't you realize, Jack, that you are not part of the only team playing in these games? That you have never been. No. No, I don't think you've ever realized. You are so... what's the word? Inbred."
The man, who had seemed so sickly before was now as thick with life than I had ever seen.
He bent to me and undid the buttons of my shirt so that I could feel my stomach and chest bare. His eyes searched me and finally settled on my face. I tried again to sit up, to crawl away like a wounded mouse, but I could do nothing, and this helplessness angered me all the more.
"Did you know that Roland was sent here to kill me once, too?" he asked. For a second time, this man shocked me.
I tried to speak and found, in surprise, that I could. "No." This was true.
The man with black eyes and black hair smiled. "I have been waiting for you, Jack. I have been waiting for years. Cyrus plans and strategizes, and he is very good, yes. He owns his part of the world, just like he planned. But he is not everything, and though he tries, he will never be." He traced his hand along my stomach. "I do apologize for this, but trust me, it is for the best. Things for you could have turned out far, far worse."
"What do you mean?" I asked quickly. Every fiber of me, for the first time in my life, was screaming in fear. "What are you going to do?"
I saw him clasp the knife from off the floor, and he dragged it along the wood till it was next to my arm. I tried to yell to him to stop, but my vocal chords refused to thrum. I did not know if he had blocked my voice, or if my body knew just how futile such a scream would be.
"I won't let you feel the pain," he whispered. "That's not what I'm about." He was looking at my stomach, and I watched his eyes narrow, felt the blade against my skin. "You would be smart, though, to never tell Cyrus this happened."
I gasped in panic and said, "What are you doing?!"
Again he slid the knife across my naked belly. "If I were you, I would tell him that you could not find me, or simply that you failed to kill me. Either one would do. But never tell him about... this."
I gasped at him, as though in a special hell where I could only ask the one question in the world that would never be answered. But finally, right before he plunged the knife into me, he granted me a response.
"I am giving you what you want even more than killing. I am granting you the ability to take what you need." I didn't know what this meant, but before I could say anything, I felt the knife slide into me,
It was slow, gentle, but firm, and with no pain. It was as though I were suddenly a cake to gut, not a human, and though the knife was cold, there was nothing else physically horrific. I felt him working inside the deadened me like I was a machine.
I felt pressure and then something very warm was inside me. It moved into my center, almost against the base of my spine, and I thought it was his hand, until, finally, he told me he was done, and I could feel the warmth still there.
I saw him wiping my blood from his hands, and then I could move again.
I moved my hand gingerly, testing the air to see if I was yet allowed to move, and finally could. I clutched my bare stomach and pulled myself up to my knees. I peered down and eyed blood smeared against me, but there was no cut, no gash, no anything. Whatever he had done, there was no evidence on the outside. Nevertheless, I could feel something there, in me, heating me. It made me want to vomit.
"It won't do you any good coming after me," he said. "Given enough time, I don't think you would want to, anyway. Not once you see."
"See what?" I hissed at him. I reached for the knife, but it slid across the floor and into the fireplace, buried itself amongst the wood. "Fuck," I whispered.
"The truth of what Cyrus is. What I've placed inside you will help with that, but not only that. Look at me," he said, and without a second's thought, I glared at him.
"What did Cyrus teach you? Think back to the very beginning, when it all started. What did he say to you the first night you saw Roland return? In that white room. Yes, you remember. You've chanted it your whole life."
The fact that he knew of my life and its subtle details stalled my cognitive process until I flashed again to the dark night when it had all began, in the white room, with the resurrected man. "That I'm not really killing them," I replied, hesitant to share anything with this man. "I'm just not bringing them back."
"Well..." The man with coal in his veins motioned with his hand towards me. "Now, Jack, you can."

Chapter 15
SEX
"You are too young to realize, but Cyrus sent you here for me to kill you. I am too strong for him, and the idea that he would send you here to do what he cannot is simply... laughable. It's slaughter.
"Since I chose not to kill you, he will know..."
"Know what?"
"That I saw something in you worth saving and more akin to what I stand for. He won't like it."
The man had slid his hand across mine briefly, almost reassuring. I shivered when he touched me and stepped away, edging towards the door. He continued talking, gazing at me as I retreated. "But you have something now to put you on equal footing. And besides, his knowing that there was something in you averse to him doesn't truly matter. All that matters is he does not realize what I have given you." He held his glowing hand to his lips. "So, shh. In your world, wolves only turn to lambs when they howl their secrets. No howling. Ever. Or he will eat you."
"I don't know what you're talking about," I said, feeling that seed of warmth in my stomach. I pushed my hand against my belly-button, wishing I could squelch it. "Cyrus and I are one. I would do anything for him, and he would do anything for me."
The man gazed up and rubbed his chin with his hand, as though considering my point heavily. "Perhaps at one time, but things have changed, Jack. Cyrus was not wrong; the box has singled you out. It has taken your kills from you for a reason. It deals with traitors, and it has claimed you as such. It does not like you.
"But that is fine," he whispered. "There are others that do."

It was night by the time I returned to Cyrus's, sick and nauseous, wondering what the fuck the man had put inside me.
Inside the house was a masquerade, filled to the brim with outsiders, and to suddenly be in the company of so many people filled me even more fully with nausea. Even in the first few minutes of being in that house, the trauma of what had just happened to me doubled in size.
When I entered, there were streamers and rose petals and dry ice and masks hanging about the corridors so that a million smiling faces greeted me, and an irritating array of noises thrummed my ears. There were colors of cobalt and maroon and black and Clementine exploding like spiders around me, and even the white rooms were filled with bolting colors. I walked amongst women with ball gowns the color of pastel cupcakes. Others were in ebons and greys. Some wore slim silk. All wore masks. The men were in red and black and bright yellow. It was nearly impossible to guess who was who.
I stopped the nearest person. "Where's Cyrus?" I asked.
"How would I know that?" the man blissfully inquired, and he kept walking, being led by a woman pulling his tie. The entire house spoke of sex.
There was champagne everywhere, and it seemed every room I entered was filled with statues of ice, fruit, candy, and cake. One candy sculpture was a couple in the midst of oral sex; another was of Satan and Jesus kissing. In all the halls, there was big band music shouting throughout, but it did not seem as if anyone was listening to it. Rather, they were chuckling, guffawing, moaning, sighing their own symphony, and this loud human noise, mixed with my anger, enraged me all the more. I wanted to kill them all.
The cakes, bows, satin, emeralds, tiny dogs were the worst offenses imaginable. Everything seemed to keep me from healing. I felt the warmth in my stomach again, and this warmth whole-heartedly disagreed with the atmosphere.
I asked several others, "Where's Cyrus? Where's Cyrus?" None of them knew.
In one room I searched, men and women were dancing with one another like figures in a clock that had struck midnight. They turned and turned, mechanically, while three or four others darted around them savagely, their clothes barely pinned to them like wood nymphs, and they jumped on the furniture as would schoolchildren and laughed. There must be molly, I thought, in the punch bowl.
In another room, a chandelier had fallen to the floor, its crystals cracked into the marble, but it was still lit nonetheless, and the others had dimmed the remaining lights and curled themselves around it. They looked like royal campers warming themselves by the chandelier's semiprecious flame. In the dark, their masks were menacing.
I scoured one last closed room, the ballroom, and there was a woman in the middle of it stripping. It was here that most of the people resided, and I had good reason to suspect Cyrus might be one of them. There were probably fifty or so men and women, and they sat on the floor as though picnicking at a park, creating a circle around the one stripping.
I was looking at their masked faces when she removed the top portion of her garments, and when I returned my gaze to her, only two diamond pasties covered her nipples, and a diamond belt slinked around her waist. Those in the crowd lauded her, and several of the men came and licked at her mouth, and then stomach, and then lower.
I stepped in the midst of the circle, and everybody paused, observing me. I asked all of them, "Where are you Cyrus?" I was certain he must be there. I darted about the halo of seats, ripping masks off. They cursed at me.
Quite suddenly, someone touched me from behind, and I turned. It was one of the men that had been eating at the woman's mouth, and his eyes glistened at me. I thought he might be Alex for a moment, for his hair was blonde, and he was thin. He touched my tender stomach. "Everyone who enters the circle has to strip," he said, "how I tell them to." It was not Alex. "And then round and round you'll go. And everybody gets a piece." I hit him in the nose with the palm of my hand.
The man bent over like a tree cut in two, but then he shot up again. "God, that was lovely," he said, and he seemed to slurp in the pain like bliss. The woman behind him laughed, her voice like velvet. He reached out for me.
"Not that one." Another voice cut to us like an arrow shot from the sun and destroyed whatever dreamlike quality was in the atmosphere. I saw Roland standing there, a glass of blushing wine in his hand. He had no mask on, no tux, just plain clothes, like he always wore. Blue jeans. A loose, breezy, cotton shirt.
The man reaching for me stopped mid-grasp. "But the rules," he said.
"Julian, Julian." Roland clucked. "So many rules. No mercy."
"Where's the pleasure in mercy?" the man asked. Nevertheless, he removed his claw from the area of my throat.
"No, no, Julian's right. Everyone who enters the circle must strip." I recognized the voice, and the man who spoke walked towards me from between two groups of people standing. He removed his mask. It was Cyrus. He smiled.
"It's not really fair if Jack gets to forgo all the rules," he said. He stepped to me until we were only a few feet apart. "It sets a lazy example."
"I need to talk to you."
"We are talking."
"In private," I whispered.
"My dear Jack. This is as private as I care to get with you."
I started to say more, but he stopped me with a raised hand. "For now," he continued in a whisper, "You're in the circle, and in the circle you must strip."
"When did this start?" I asked. "Keeping me hostage?"
"You're no more a hostage than I'm a saint." He pointed around the room. "I want you to experience this."
"There's nothing to it."
"No? Well, now it's your turn to change that. Show them something new."
I laughed at him. I practically guffawed. "I'm not going to strip."
"Yes, you are," he replied drawing closer, "for, whatever I say goes." He ran one of his hands across the collar of my jacket and touched my chin. My body refused to register this strange change in reality, and I looked at him numbly.
"After all, don't you think we should try something new? Things have been changing..." He sighed. "The world is thirsty for something... fresh. So am I."
I felt arms encompass me, and they were Julian's. I jerked away, looked at the faces of the fifty so people there, watching quietly. Julian laughed.
"You know, you're in the circle, too," I told Cyrus.
"Ah, but I started things off by fucking Meredith," he replied. "It's not that I didn't do my part. It's that you weren't here to see it."
The utter confusion stoned me. What? I wondered. The Meredith? The one that marked the start of this whole problem in the first place? "... She was just raped, Cyrus."
He looked at me, and after just a few seconds of making me feel his penetrating stare, turned away. "She wanted it, Jack. Most people appreciate their saviors." And, before I could respond, he continued... "Now! Arrest us! Command our attention unlike anything we've seen before. Show me up. Shut me up. Stupor us."
I stood in the center of the room and looked round at the cloaked faces peering at me from behind the black. I was the only one without a mask, and at this point I wished for one. But not for just my face - my stomach, where I knew the blood was and the evidence of what had been done to me.
"Fuck this," I eventually said. I turned to go, but Julian stepped in my way. I showed him my middle finger, and he licked his lips.
"Uh, Cyrus," came from my right. It was Roland. "I don't think this is necessary, bein' that Jack's, well, Jack. And underage."
"Have I ever let you decide anything for me?" Cyrus spit at Roland like fire.
Roland shook his head back and forth. "No, but it has been my job to keep you two close. That's all I'm tryin' to do here."
"This isn't about being close!" Cyrus turned back to me.
"Come on! Amaze me!" The instantaneous animation of his face drew laughs from the crowd. "Just like you did as a child. Out on that farm. The first time!" His hands beckoned to me repeatedly, and he stepped like a drunken performer.
I stared at him as he taunted me, and I shook my head. I felt very tired. "You need to sober up," I replied, and, ignoring him, I turned to step around Julian and exit through other set of double doors, but as I walked, my legs slipped out from under me, and I fell. I watched the doors drift further away as my entire body glided across the floor, until I stopped gently at Cyrus's feet. When I looked into his eyes, they flashed, and I knew he had moved me without ever touching me.
He placed the tip of his boot onto my stomach and pressed, right against where I had been slashed hours before. He cocked his head and spoke low and slow. "Let me see you stripped."
That was when I realized that perhaps the man with the light inside him was right, and I should not tell Cyrus a thing.
"Cyrus," Roland whispered, and he was right at his shoulder. "What is this? Stop."
Cyrus held up his hand and looked at Roland. "Do I need to kill you just to get a night's peace?"
Roland's mouth stretched across his white teeth. "You know that isn't the way this works," he replied.
Cyrus ignored him and spoke to me. "Just a little too far things have gone. Just a little too much you've been given."
"But I don't want it," I replied softly.
"Oh? We all want it." He lifted his boot off of me, and some unseen force lifted me to my feet so that I was standing again. Cyrus turned away.
"Forgive the cliche', but there's more than one way to skin a cat." Cyrus walked around the circle that stared at me.
"Have you ever fucked before?" he asked me in front of the entire group of people, the majority of whom I knew couldn't possibly be his regular followers.
"Don't answer that," Roland said.
"You will answer me!" Cyrus screamed, and his body went as rigid as a corpse.
I sighed, exasperated, and threw my arms into the air. "No!" I yelled. I heard feminine giggles scatter across the group like marbles. Cyrus juggled those marbles.
"And do you dream of women to fuck?"
"No."
"Men?"
I sighed. "No."
"Then what do you dream of?" He continued walking around the circle. "What are your fantasies? What gets you off when it's not 'getting off?'" This was utter insanity.
I could feel the crowd leering upon me like vampires. I saw a few people lean forward on the floor, ready to feed, their silk garments dusting the marble. I felt quite empty, in the midst of the sheep turned wolves. "You know what I like," I said, as though all my clothes had fallen to the floor.
"Tell me. Astonish them. They're not used to these things." He threw his arms out to them. "They only understand sex. Give them something new."
I bit down on both of my lips and drew them out from between my teeth. "I enjoy killing." I said this softly, and Roland came to stand beside me. There was a sound emanating from the crowd, and it sounded like a moan.
"Yes!" Cyrus yelled. "Keep going."
I paused mid-breath, not knowing what would come next. "I... I enjoy the struggle."
"Yes."
"How I am so far above... And they're so far beneath me. And the resistance. The movement of their muscles beneath the skin."
Cyrus nodded his head. He spoke like a snake. "Yesss...."
"...How you don't know if you will survive it, but then you always do, and you feel so..."
"Immortal."
"Yes," and my eyes hit upon Cyrus in a different way that time, seeing him from the angle that un-curtains heaven and hell. Feeling the way that Cyrus was - unending, infinite.
"And I love the quiet."
"Do you love the corpse?"
I grimaced. "No. Nothing but the moment."
"And how does the moment end?" he asked.
I sighed, feeling my last garment slip away. "With me wanting them back."
Cyrus dropped his head to the side as though considering this. All was quiet, until he said, "Is this the most intimate thing you have in your life?"
"Yes," I replied.
He smirked. "Yet it's not enough, is it Jack?" And then, as though whipped into a tornado, he flung himself back around the ballroom, electric as a preacher with snakes. "Who wants to see a murder tonight?!"
There were gasps from the crowd. "MEEE!!" I heard. "I do!" "Fuck yes!" And all manner of exhilarated exchanges. I shook my head back and forth, looking round the room at all of the men and women squawking like sparrows, utterly horrified and ready to flee.
"Don't move a muscle," Roland said to me, and it took all my courage to obey. He glided swiftly to Cyrus as the onlookers chattered. At first, I couldn't hear the two speak over the commotion, but as their argument unfurled, the audience quieted to listen.
"...can't do this!" I heard Roland yell.
"There's something you don't know," and Cyrus pushed Roland away from him. "Jack and I have a mystery on our hands, and now is the time to figure it out." He walked towards me, holding his hands out. "You see, Jack hasn't been able to get off in weeks, have you?" He walked to me, and grabbed me, holding me out before Roland. I replied with nothing. The madman spoke near my ear. "The box is taking every kill from you. It's like fucking and fucking and no climax. Isn't it? What a damn shame. It must be infuriating." He said the last word one syllable at a time.
I peered at Roland, and he looked furious. Cyrus continued to speak. "I knew this was a sign. Our time together has ended. Your job was revoked before I ever revoked it. Even you, Jack, assumed that it was coming for you. You, unlike a loyal predator, never asked how you might exercise this new possible power. You ran from it, because deep down you knew. You were at odds with all of us."
Roland walked to Cyrus and pried his hands from me. Cyrus shook him off, and they glared at one another like in a duel. "If you're not careful, you're going to lose everything," Roland said.
"I have never lost anything," replied the trim and gracious maniac. "I never will."
"But you know, as well as I do, about the equaling in this world. And no man or woman alive can overstep the bounds this far without righting something."
Cyrus waved his hand like all the gold in the world was just air. "We're beyond it. That's bullshit now."
"It's true shit and will be forever. When you get like this, you have to give a little mercy. Like now. Otherwise you're too much weight. The balance kicks you off. And I don't see you giving much mercy here."
"Roland, Roland. You think anyone cares that you saved two million lives if you killed one million?"
Roland shook his head. "You know that isn't what I'm saying." He motioned towards me with his eyes. "You might be right. There might be something in Jack that's disagreeable with the box or you, but with time, maybe it will agree again. Things can be righted, Cyrus, not just eliminated."
I felt Cyrus's warm breath as he sighed against me, pulling me closer, and puffing new words against my face. He clasped my wrist and squeezed tightly. "I don't like acting like a thug," he said softly. "It's beneath me. But, whether it is going on in your brain or not, you should know you cannot ever stop me or destroy me. That is not the way this works or ever will. You saved my life years ago. That's fine. You kill for me. That's wonderful. But I hold a switch in the palm of my hand labeled 'Disappear' or 'Kill' or 'Blind' or 'Enslave,' and I am very close to pushing it. Your working for me does not give you permission to be above, or even equal, to me. Ever. In the palm of your little hand, you do not hold such a button. You can't make reality shiver like I can. Do you understand?"
I could feel my arm beginning to bruise, but I did not push him away. Rather, I lifted my other arm out, palm forward, in a welcoming gesture and said, "Cyrus, I do. But I would never try to kill you. The box has made a mistake. I would do anything for you."
I breathed deep, let the sugar air fill me, and closed my eyes. Cyrus brushed his hand against my face, pulled me to him, and I felt his calm, warm arms press me softly. He kissed me against my cheek and sighed, "I doubt that. The box is never wrong. But... I suppose, considering all that you've done for me, I will give you a chance." I breathed slower and slower, and when I opened my eyes, the room was brighter than it had ever been.
"What makes you think the box has your best at heart?" Roland asked. "Why can't your friend become your foe? How do you know It didn't turn?"
"Because what a glorious waste of time this would be... killing me off this way."
"Not if there was something to be accomplished."
"That can't be true. At this point I might as well be God."
"God doesn't need a box," Roland said.
But before Cyrus could speak, there came a sound above us like the heaviest wardrobe in the attic falling, and every hair in the room pricked up.
Every head peered to the ceiling, including mine, and when it hit again, we looked at one another with dark, quiet eyes. Then, nothing. The rest of the house beyond the ballroom grew quiet, and there was no more laughter beyond the doors.
"What the fuck was that?" Julian asked.
"You know," I said.
Meredith looked to me, and in her eyes I saw fear.
Boom! The ceiling shook, and the chandeliers above us rattled like it was formed of crystal bones. Cyrus stood, went to Meredith and held her close. I saw her plump breasts bouncing in the fuchsia dress as she walked nervously on the floor in her stockings. She stood beside him, and when she barely whispered "God," we heard a deep bass rumble again, as though it was bleeding through the wood.
The sound moved, grew, like footsteps approaching. Only, the footsteps seemed in themselves violent executions. Boom!... Boom!... Boom! Then, there was a crash like the horrible sound of a car wreck.
The whole house shook, vibrated, groaned. Meredith shrieked, and we heard faint screams resound from the other parts of the mansion.
"Cyrus," Roland said, "We've got to go."

Chapter 16
PANIC
It was as if a spell had been cast, throwing people out the windows and doors. Bodies were bolting every which way, spinning, sparkling, screaming. It was like everybody was possessed, but not by demons.
It amazed me that, in such a short period, everyone, no matter how high or horny, had forgotten their drugs and sex. It was fabulous, instantaneous change, like the flick of a switch. I wished in that moment I had such power, and then I thought of the bright man again and clutched my stomach softly.
In the night, people tumbled out onto the lawn like colorful kerchiefs from the laundry. I watched them collect like decorative balls for a collage, while I stood beside one of the many cars on the lawn. When my heart slowed from its remarkable pace, I lit a cigarette, tired suddenly of the night. At least he didn't see, I had thought. At least Cyrus can't feel the new heat in me. I touched my stomach again, wondering how I was going to get rid of whatever was inside me.
And then, after a flicker of moments, Cyrus was beside me. "I got separated from Meredith," he said. "I can't find her." A gust of wind hit us, and I heard a scream in the distance. Everybody turned savagely, wondering if whatever it was had followed us out in the night, but in the end it was just the wind, and a woman had simply been spooked. It is that kind of night, I thought. It is that kind of woman.
I sighed, refusing to talk about the obvious for a moment. "You said inside that you fucked Meredith because she wanted it. Because most people appreciate their saviors. But I did save you, you know? And I have never felt as thankless as I did tonight." And I continued inside my head, I'm not so sure I would choose to do it again.
"That might be true," Cyrus assented quietly, "But Havinger saved my life once as well. You saw what happened to him."
I could say nothing to that.
"I'll continue looking," Cyrus told me, and he walked away.
I watched the commotion, and in the midst of it I wanted to sleep. I wanted to go home, but I remembered that there was none. Then I'll sleep in the woods, part of me thought. In the pines, where the sun never shines. And I'll shiver the whole night through. But that wasn't possible, of course, because something in the world wouldn't let me be. If I had gone to the woods, the place would soon be a swamp of blood, too.
Minutes later, when I had finished another cigarette, I walked amongst the gentlemen and ladies, their hair in a fluff and their clothes asymmetric, but slowly being smoothed back into place, and I found Roland and Cyrus talking. "Meredith isn't here," Cyrus said to me finally. "I've been all over. I've talked to everyone. I think she never left the house. Someone... will have to go back inside."
Roland whistled lightly, and it sounded more like air than anything else. "Someone will have to go in there, anyways. These people aren't going to leave without their purses and jackets, and nobody is volunteering. They're all just agitating. That's a problem in and of itself."
I looked at him. "Are you afraid, as well," I asked, "of going in?"
"I'm wary," he said.
"You're immortal."
He smiled. "Immortal in the hands of a deadly little child? Yes. But there are other kinds of killers, and other types of death. I'd rather not find out unless it's necessary. But I... guess it is."
"No worries. I'll protect you," I said. We both smirked, but it was a sad communion.
Cyrus briefly left us to speak with a group, and when he did, Roland whispered to me, "If you want to survive, you won't go telling Cyrus to do a damned thing to that box," he said.
I delved into Roland's brown eyes and skin, searching him for explanation. "Why?" I asked.
"Why do you think?"
I had no answer for him, and I touched his arm gently. "The man I was sent to kill today, the one with lightning in his body... he said you knew him. Is that true?"
Roland whispered so slightly, "Shhh. Now is not the time, nor the place." And then Cyrus was beside us again, and I was silent.
"Let's go," Cyrus said, motioning towards the lighted house next to the darkling sky.
With a collective sigh, we followed.
"God," Roland whispered, and he massaged his bony face like an old man. I had never heard him utter that word before. "That damned box is opening itself. And it isn't ever going to shut again. I told him... I tried."
When we entered the house, it was as if the air had turned stale, bottled, paused. There was no perfume or potpourri. No smell of fear or sweat. No anything. Just... blank. It made me think of the rooms without color, except that this time it was the hue of the air that was missing. It was all a vacuum.
Walking beneath the banners of masks, they no longer looked friendly as they drooped down in the hallways and arches of entrances. They looked, rather, like they were cut from a black void, not black velvet. I felt that if I were to reach out and grab one, my hand would slip through into another world, and the mask would grab me.
Other things in the house were just as stained with this supra-reality. The candy sculptures no longer looked sweet, but poisonous rather, the patterns in them resembling those of venomous snakes and fish.
There were strings of pearls on the floor from someone's broken necklace, and these to me squealed like maggots. Pillows on many of the couches held unkind eyes in their creases. We walked round and round these things, calling for Meredith, but ultimately, feeling that staying in a group would slow us, we split up to find her.
For normal people, this separating might have been a grave error, but there was an unspoken consensus that we were not so fragile as 'normal people.' It was not that we weren't afraid to die, but rather that there was, and had always been, an understanding that such atrocities came with our occupation.
If Jack was found hanging in the living room of the west wing later, well, that was just part of it. If Cyrus was drained and dismembered by morning in the bathtub, such was life. In a way, we were at home with the oddity, at home with the fear. The horror was more comfortable because it was so common. We had made it common.
"We'll meet back here in twenty," Cyrus commanded when we were in the kitchen. Cyrus had cut to the North, Roland to the East, and I to the West - to the side of the house where we conducted our lives. For a small while, I could hear them calling, opening doors, and as I called, I knew they could hear me as well. As we went on our own paths, though, it was simply silence or the sound of my own voice that met me.
I decided I would visit the White Room first - the one where I had first spoken to Roland as a child... which I had now, in the face of such a vast expanse of white rooms, called the White Womb - and it was here that I realized there were no echoes. When I called down the long hall in front of the White Womb, "Meredith!", no sound returned. It was as if the laws of reality had forgotten me and abandoned Cyrus's home.
Meredith was not in that hallway, however, nor was she in the room. I checked beneath the pool table, the desk of Cyrus's, thinking she may have hidden herself, but nothing. She was not behind the curtains or in the closet, either.
I checked the other rooms along that same corridor, including the Game Room, where a giraffe, lion, many deer, wolves, and bobcats sneered at me. The bear wore a black mask, I noted, and I figured that some drunken lunatic had probably adorned him.
I surveyed the indoor swimming room and the exercise room, but not a spot of pink showed to me from beneath the bars, nor was any floating in the water like a jellyfish in the Caribbean, nor dripping like a watered flower in the steam room.
It was then that I began to wonder if I would find Meredith alive.
A chill washed against my tender and tired stomach as I continued walking amongst the many halls, calling out her name. Again and again, I said "Meredith," until the word had no more meaning, and I hated hearing myself call her. By this point, I had trekked almost the entirety of the West Wing, except for Alex's room, my room, and Cyrus's, and I slowly made my way to where we had all been before the sound ever arose. Maybe, I thought, she is hidden in Cyrus's room. This was a useless hope, I knew.
When I turned the corner and saw Cyrus's double-door entrance at the end of the hallway, I immediately headed towards it, noting that the light was still on and that, from what I could see, the four-poster bed was empty.
Then a movement caught my eye, and I paused just ten or so feet from Alex's door on my left, and a mere five feet from my own door on my right.
It was a hand.
A pink, gloved hand protruded from a crack between the door and the doorjamb to my room. I could see nothing in the blackness beyond the door, for my light was off. There was only the pink arm that stretched into the hallway, the hand palm up, diamond bracelet attached at the wrist.
It was in my room, I noted again, not Cyrus's. And then, I asked myself, Had it moved? It had been at the corner of my eye, but I thought it had indeed shifted. My heart fluttered as I tried to remember. Now that I stood staring at the arm, though, I couldn't perfectly recall. Maybe the bracelet had simply sparkled, I thought, when I was walking. Maybe I had blinked and the movement of my lid had somehow melded with the sudden vision of the color, and I only thought it was movement. Maybe I had breathed just a little bit deeper than I normally would, and that made my head bob and the whole hallway shift. Then again, maybe the damned thing twitched. I didn't know.
It hit me suddenly that this was Meredith's hand. It had probably moved because she was most definitely alive - just hurt, maybe. I started to call out to her and move to grab that fallen hand, but something stopped me, and it wasn't a movement or a sound, but a change.
I watched the glove as it shivered. That was the only way I could describe the image. It was as though the tiniest fibers of the glove wiggled. Though, that was not really it at all.
As the shivering progressed, the glove slipped from a lovely bright pink to a faded, dull brown-orange, like the arm had slipped into an old photograph from the seventies. Then, I realized, the orange was changing again. It was yellowing, and then blanching, like an invisible ink pen that has just begun to dry, or like a bit of silk on which was splashed a bit of bleach. The glove drained of every centimeter of color. It lay on the floor as platinum as ever existed.
"Shit," I whispered.
Pityingly, I said her name. "Meredith." That was when the pointer finger closed towards the palm. The movement was so slight, so slow, that I almost believed I was imagining it. But then the movement sped up, and when the tip of the finger touched just below the thumb, it released, and then pulled down again. And then again. And again. It was mechanical.
After about seven or so times of it beckoning me forward like this, the arm slithered away. It slid across the floor inch-by-inch away from me until it disappeared entirely from view into the blackness of my room.
I noticed the sound of satin and the body against the floor. Then, the swish stopped, and the crack in my door opened wider without a solitary sound.
I knew what was happening. Meredith was not Meredith anymore, but a hook, line, and sinker.
"What do you want?" I asked, still in the hall, staring at the wooden door and black. Remaining in the lit hallway made me feel safe. Illogical though it was, I did judge there was a perimeter within my room that It would not spill over.
Though some might have thought I was insane for wanting reason to enter that room, for desiring it to convince me further to come inside, I did wish it, whatever it was, to speak. I wanted it to persuade me to meet its atrocious self face-to-face. When it came down to the wire, I had preferred it kill me than continue on with these ludicrous games. I was already so tired of the night.
There was no answer by way of sight, sound, or smell, and I looked back down the hall from which I came, then to Cyrus's room, and tried to make a decision as to what I should do.
But then, It, something, finally answered. "To talk."
The words were barely audible, not like a person whispering, but like a person very far away. It did not sound male to me, nor female. It did not sound necessarily human. The softness of it, though, threaded the interest of my ears, and I said to myself that this was, as well, a form of bait. When you want a person to try to listen, you say it so low, so as to make them crave more.
I stepped forward. What about your sister? a voice inside me asked. What if you die, and she's left with these men? Another, very different voice inside me said, You know you won't die, it doesn't feel that way. Then, I wondered if it ever did feel that way, if I would ever know right before that death was coming to greet me.
I stepped through the crack of the door, slid my feet delicately, like an ice skater in the dark, and I reached my hand up on the left to turn the light on.
"You should not do that." The voice was Meredith's. My hand stopped at the bottom of the switch. Yes, the voice was hers, but there was something off.
"Why?" I asked.
A pause.
"It will hinder our discussion." The voice was almost, but not quite, monotone. I fought against my body's urge to shiver.
My hand slid down the paper on the wall until it was safely again at my side. I did not enter the room any more than need be, and in fact, I kept one finger on the edge of the door. It made me feel better, though I didn't know why. I stared into the dark abyss, the light and the hallway at my back, on which such light would not shed.
"Why have you been stealing my kills from me?" I asked.
"To wake you." The reply was instant and startling. I licked my lips, planning my words carefully, like I was in the middle of a chess game with a new set of rules.
"Why?" I asked.
"You can do better. But not just you." It was indeed Meredith's voice, but some other voice as well. It was low, this other sound, and dabbed itself just here and there in the words.
"Better?" I asked. "There is no 'better.' I'm murdering."
"You're playing."
This statement confused me, and I thought of all the throats I had cut, all the bodies burned, all the teeth pulled and crushed to a powder. Do you even know who you're fucking talking to? I wondered. "Are they mutually exclusive?" I asked.
No response. Then, "Do you understand why Cyrus respects me, and you do not?"
"I see you for what you are."
"No. Unlike Cyrus, you have never seen me. The answer lies in Roland's question."
I paused, mulling over the fact that this thing had heard Roland speak to me. I recalled that moment. "If you want to survive, you won't go telling Cyrus to do a damned thing to that box," Roland had said. "Why?" I had asked.
"Why do you think?"
I felt quite cold, terrified, and bare, like I was stripped for yet a second time that night. I thought again about illuminating the room's light, but I did not flip the switch. Truly, I did not know how I would react to whatever was in the room.
What It had just told me - that Cyrus had ever looked inside the box - startled me. I thought that only unfortunate sufferers had been tortured with its contents. "I do not know," I said, "the answer to Roland's question."
"Think," it replied.
"I can't," I said. "I'm too tired."
The reply was instantaneous. "Without me, he would be just a man."
The realization caught in me like another hook to the abdomen. Of course. It made all the sense in the world. "Without you... Cyrus can't..."
"Do anything that a normal man could not do."
I bit down on my lip hard. Yes. Why would a man defend anything that could destroy him? Because it created him all the same. Or, at least he thought it did. Cyrus had refused to help me, because in return, the box would no longer help him. "What about Roland?"
No answer. Rather than prodding this Being about the contents of Roland's intentions, my mind returned to Cyrus. Images of him moving things without touching them, cutting a fire into Jim, dragging me across the floor filled my head. "Why are you telling me this?"
"You're older and aging still. You need reasons that you did not need before, for what I'm about to ask of you. I will provide those reasons. What I offer have good faith you will receive. As long as you follow me, you will be made like Cyrus."
I waited for more, but nothing came. "Meaning?"
"Any power that you could dream, I can give you."
I laughed aloud and breathed in the largest breath possible. I felt a dj vu from just hours before in that day. Even though Meredith was not cutting into me, speaking to her... it terrified me far more than the bright man. "That sounds expensive."
There was a languid silence. "Yes."
I thought deeply on this offer. "What is it... What is it that you need so desperately for me... us... to do?
It spoke as though half-human, half-machine, and topped with something more rich. "I need healthy souls, faith destroyed. Not the murderers. Not the rapists. Not the thieves. Leave them be. But the finer ones. The priests. And virgins. The pure. The crisp. You and Cyrus and Alex are bringing me thin souls, souls of soil and bones. But it is the glistening, fat ones that... intrigue me. Not those like you. Those like your sister."
I said nothing. This thing's mentioning my sister horrified me. And it knew.
"Do not fear. Your sister is yours. Kill the ones like her, though. The children. And wives. And lovers. Go out into the world searching for diamonds, and then crush them, let their glow flow and die. Make them suffer. Scream. Torture them. Learn to desire it. This, I want, should be your love."
"And these things... why can't you do them?"
"I am your connection to things not here. You are my connection to things not there."
"So then you do need Cyrus, after all."
There was no response, and this made me smirk in just the slightest. I paused, thinking. "Why didn't you ask for the innocent before?"
"I was waiting."
"For what?"
"For you to grow. And you have. This is the final step."
I put my hand against the wall and leaned. It seemed the bright man was not the only one that had been waiting for me.
The blood was draining from me I could feel, all the sugar in my bloodstream sinking to my toes, leaving my head bare and dry.
"I don't think I can do that."
"You can," It automatically responded. "You're close. I will reward you."
"There is no reward large enough."
"There is always a reward large enough."
I laughed. "You know nothing about being human. You know nothing about suffering," I said, shaking my head.
But then it said, "With what I could give you, you could kill people by simply looking at them. You could think things into moving. You could... induce pleasure or pain in any way you wanted on anyone you wanted. You could go back in time. You could go forward. You could repeat the same moments over and over that you find you love and live there for eternity. Cut out all the parts that are meaningless. You could give objects life. Whatever you wanted."
There was one that interested me more than the others in that list. "Jump around..." I whispered to myself, "moment to moment... And what would that bring me? All of these things?"
There was a pause before It spoke. "This would allow for you what everybody in the world desires."
"What is that?"
"To disappear into perfect and meaningful oblivion. Effortlessness. Sanctuary. Bliss. Eternity. You can mix the bitter with the better until it all feels better."
"And I would have to kill the good for all of this?"
"That, and..."
"And?"
"Give me what you were given today."
I swallowed hard, fear that It knew wringing me. "What I was given today?"
"It sits now in your belly."
I cringed and rubbed my head with the weight of what It laid upon me and shook it away. "I don't even know what it is."
"You never need to. Cyrus made a mistake sending you to him, and I can repair the error. Give me what you have now, promise me you will murder the good, and that thing you feel hot within yourself, growing hotter every minute, will be gone."
I pictured the thing in the darkness pulling me down, splaying me open, and taking it. It terrified me. "I'm sorry, but you've fucked up. I don't want to replace Cyrus; I don't want to do what he does, or what you want me to do. Not only that, but even if I could stop time, relive these moments... there's nothing worth reliving. I don't know what you think I've experienced, but I can guarantee you that I don't want to see any of this again."
"You said you enjoyed the things you do."
"Yes, but I..." I paused. I knew how to answer this, but I refused. I did not wish to talk about the part of me who loved it - the piece of me feasting beyond myself - the extimate - and how that part contrasted with the rest.
"What if I promised you potential for more?" It asked.
I almost rolled my eyes. "To help you? Whatever you are? I don't think so." I looked the void up and down. "You'd have to promise me the impossible."
"I could promise you Cyrus."
My breath caught in my throat like a hook through the mouth of a fish.
"That would cement our friendship, would it not?" It asked.
I shook my head back and forth, my mind vomiting up the information It had just given to me. "What the fuck is this? Why are you doing this?"
"Would you like the proposal, or not?"
I didn't respond. At the time, I felt that this was absolutely insane. Cyrus was the only thing, the only person, that I still had in my life that was solid.
"The foundations are shaking, you know," It said.
"Because of fucking you!" I yelled. "Because you disturbed everything!"
"How do you know that Cyrus didn't ask me to give him a reason to kill you?" It asked, and this stopped me in my tracks.
For the longest time, I didn't know how to answer. I went as far back as I could. "I... I saved him," I said weakly.
"And that's a problem, don't you think? For a god." For some reason, hearing this creature speak that sentence hurt me more than anything. "One must destroy his mortal origins to be truly immortal. Being saved would be one of those origins. In a way, you are Cyrus's parent, and he must rid the world of you."
"Did you tell him he must do that?"
"No."
I laughed, but then the laughter died to nothing, and the nothing wilted. It was pointless to believe this creature. It was pointless to even ask the question.
"Do you want me to kill Cyrus? I could do it now. He would never know the difference. As long as, of course, you promise to do what I ask," It said.
It took me forever to answer, but the fact was I could not give this Thing what it wanted, nor would I allow it to touch me, open me up, and remove the thing within my stomach, as long as I had the choice. "No." I had saved the bastard yet again.
"You want him for your own?"
"No," I said again, and this was true.
"Do you want me to protect you from him?" It finally asked.
"Have you ever protected me from Cyrus?" I asked. "I mean... Was there a time when you have needed to?"
"Perhaps," It replied.
"Has Cyrus..." I started, and I paused to seek the right wording. This question, of all questions, was one that I yearned to ask. For years, it had been burning within me. Ever since I met Roland, I had wondered. "Did you have anything to do with Cyrus and me... I mean, my creation? Did he come to you in any way for me?"
"Yes," it replied.
"How? What did he ask?" I whispered.
There was a length of time just as void as the blackness that surrounded me before It spoke.
"You know," it said.
I shut my eyes, tight.
"I don't want to talk to you anymore," I breathed softly.
"The knowledge is hard to bear. I will come back another time."
"I don't want you to come back!" I yelled.
It did not respond.
My mouth dropped open, and the words that next came from my mouth were the hardest to bear. "Will I ever get out of this house?" I whispered, softer than the slowest breeze.
"I am not here to answer that."
I breathed deeply, feeling angry and yet at the same time slightly consoled. If It was willing to keep me alive, then perhaps Cyrus could not do away with me.
A long, deadly silence sat between us, and It finally said, "Until then, you will do as I ask and let the others know what I desire. Roland and Cyrus and Alex. Let them know I need the pure."
"...I will," I replied.
"And tell Cyrus, I said 'Not yet.'"
"Jack?" I heard Roland's voice from the hall. I turned to face the doorway, peering into the light. It seemed blinding. He stepped into view from my left and then stopped. He locked onto me, and I observed his face.
He looked so different, so much purer. The lines and wrinkles did not look like those of age, of a man brought back from death millions of times, but of kindness. I glimpsed his brown eyes looking at me, and then they flicked to my right.
His eyebrows rocketed up, his eyes widened, and he said softly and quickly, "Come into the hall, Jack. Now." Without hesitation, I stepped through the door's crack. As I did, he came to me and pulled me towards him. As he hugged me, the bedroom door slammed with a blow. Then, no more sounds, no more voices.
In the hall, Roland looked me over like a mother with her child. I told him I was okay and then, as he lifted my hand to look at my wrist, I asked, "What?"
"Your bruises are healed," he said, referring to Cyrus's grabbing me earlier in the evening, and he grimaced. I put my own hands to my wrist, checking for soreness and wondering if that were true, or if the bruises - like the glove - had just been bleached.
But I felt fine, healed. It horrified me. I wanted my bruises back.
I wanted to whisper to Roland, then, "We need to burn the box," but I could not, for as soon as I spoke the first word, Cyrus appeared at the end of the hallway.
"Did you find Meredith?" he asked, but as he stepped to us, Roland pointed to my healed wrist, and it was as if any scales that covered Cyrus's eyes were removed.
"She's dead, isn't she?" he said, and I nodded, pointing to my room.
"How are you not dead?" he asked.
"I think because I'm supposed to tell you something."
He did not look pleased. "What?" he asked.
I reported, and reported only, how our operations were supposed to change, the new purpose they had - to kill the moral, to darken the white. He listened to me as one would to a seer. Then he brought me brandy.
It was in a snifter that was asymmetric and baseless, and the glass rolled around on its edge as if it were the most natural thing in the world. It went round and round and round, then to and fro and back around, and I felt as though this meant something more than how it seemed. But what meaning it implicated I could not say.
That glass of brandy was the last courtesy I ever remember Cyrus providing, and he stared at me all night. As he did, his eyes furrowed further than I had ever seen on a human man before.
Cyrus simply did not believe that this was all there was to my story. He refused to accept that there wasn't something that the box didn't want him to know.
This was how our New Year began.

Chapter 17
LOVE
I looked at the house and thought, "I'm not as played out as I thought I was."
It sat like a tiny sugar castle in the night, its white paint twinkling in the moonlight. I thought to myself then that if this night went smoothly I was going to buy a box of sugar cubes and eat them all. That seemed absolutely lovely as I felt the tinges of adrenaline crawl into the crevices of my neck. But when you've got a job to do, everything and everything else seems lovely.
I looked to Patrick, and he was jumping inside. I could see it, knew what it looked like.
"We don't have to do this," he told me as we stood there.
"Patrick," I said. "We drove the hour and a half. We gave money to the homeless," as though that had any bearing at all. "It's getting done."
He looked at me like a deer ready to bolt from a predator.
I turned back to the house. This was going to be such a piece of cake. Patrick had not a clue.
I stood there and thought of the night when I dropped into a neighbor's house through a sky roof. I had nearly broken my neck at fourteen. I walked through every crisp room of that house, even the ones where the owners and their children lay sleeping. Everywhere. They never knew the difference. I hadn't known why I broke into that house at the time. I was always one step behind myself, but now I was glad of what I had done. I had gained experience, fortitude.
"Now you know one of the reasons," I said.
"What reason?" Patrick asked breathlessly.
"Why I do good before things like this."
I looked to him, and I could see him thinking. "Yes," he replied. "Yes, it... it does help." He appeared puzzled, and I left him with that.
I stepped on the soft, grey grass. Luckily for both of us, the fireplace was tucked into the back of the house, rather than the center, and so there was no need to go deep within. We would be in and out. "In and out," I said out loud.
Patrick did not lead the way.
In about three minutes' time, I had the lock picked, and we slipped through the back door. Actually, I stepped inside and waited for Patrick for what seemed like minutes. I was cloaked in the dark of the house, looking through the open door at Patrick in the bright moonlight.
"I don't know about this," I barely heard him whisper. The red in his hair shimmered and shivered, though everything else was grey.
"Oh, Patrick," I said, beckoning him inside, "This is the sort of thing you can never 'know' about." He nodded his head as would a man with wisdom, and he stepped quietly past the threshold. When he did, I turned on my tiny, but effective, Coast flashlight. It was half the size of a tire gauge and felt like a coffee stir stick in my hand.
I twisted its head and the brilliant light hugged the walls, illuminating a ruby couch, and then as I moved the light about, there was a bookshelf with various books and a tea set that shimmered like water. Next to those, there was a slim closet door, and then finally, right beside the back door, the fireplace. It seemed a mouth without a tongue in the dark. I was eager to put my hands inside.
I nodded to Patrick. "You know where it is," I said. He swallowed, and I listened to it click. Patrick went to the fireplace.
He stuck his hands inside while he knelt on the stone, and I shone the flashlight within while he did so. I cringed at every noise he made, the little scratching sound like chalk on a board, and at first I feared that he was wrong, for, though he dug his fingers around one of the bricks, it would not budge. He scraped his fingernails against it hard enough that I saw them bend back. "Fuck!" he hissed, but not in pain.
"Patience," I whispered, and I looked around again.
I could smell him in the dark. It was the smell of Winston Reds and cologne, and a human smell beneath that. I leaned closer to him and whispered, "There. Look." It was something I had seen in the split second I smelled him. There was a little crack, a little blackness amidst all the white. I brought the thin flashlight to the crevice, leaning inwards until I thought my stomach muscles would scream, and I scraped some of the mortar away. "You were at the wrong brick, Patrick." I didn't know why he hadn't seen it. Patrick followed what I said, and where I pointed, he dug in quickly.
He pulled the brick from the wall, and immediately, without a second's thought, money shot forth like too many feathers stuffed in a pillow. He pulled the bills out quickly, pushing green into his pockets. The ones I watched fall into the pit of the fireplace, I grabbed and put in my own.
That was when we heard it - the click. It was different than the one from Patrick's throat, and I knew from where it came - a gun. It was not the cocking of one, though, but the creaking of one.
It took me a second to realize when the lights shot on.
"What the FUCK are you doing?" a deep voice commanded, and while I turned to look at him, I thought to myself, Good. It's a man, not a woman. You can't pay off a woman, but you can bribe a man.
I could feel the energy of Patrick practically scream beside me, but before he ever said a word, I replied, "Hitting the fireplace jackpot. Would you like some of the prize?" I asked him.
That was when I really took him in. "Fat, shorty two-forty," we used to call them. There was silver in his hair and beard. He looked like a truck driver.
There was a shot gun in his hands.
"What the fuck are you talking about?" he asked, "You are breaking into my house. You are break-ing in-to MY HOUSE." His face was red, his chest pumping up and down like hydraulics. I had already raised my hands up, but now I shook them outward quickly, as though saying, "Hold on!"
"Patrick," I said, looking at him, "Show him."
Patrick had never taken his eyes off of Mr. Semi, and even though there was a gun involved, I saw him grimace at the thought of giving away that money. Nevertheless, he slowly - very slowly - reached into his pocket and pulled out the bills. They wafted to the floor, each like its own individual airplane. Hundreds. Tens of hundreds. Then, tens of thousands. They drifted in front of us like synthetic snow.
I saw the man's eyes shift from fright to surprise. And then, finally, after Patrick and I had poured out our pockets, I saw just a glimmer of delight. That made me feel like leaning back, crossing my legs, and taking out a Marlboro.
"Give you fifty grand if you let us go and don't call the cops," I said.
He looked at me in his gray wife beater stretched across his protruding belly and asked, "How much is there?"
I looked to Patrick. His eyes were cautious, but not defeated, not despairing, like I expected them to be. "Fifty grand exactly," he said.
The man squinted at Patrick. "You're not from around here, are ya boy?"
Patrick remained silent.
"Well?"
"I'm from Clifden," he said.
"Where?"
"Ireland."
"Ireland!" the man chuckled. His eyes darkened. "Well, let me give you a tip. The way we do things in this country... people die or go to prison when they break into peoples' houses."
Then the man swung his shotgun up on his shoulder so that the muzzle was now looking at the ceiling, which was not what I expected him to do. I felt even more relieved.
"This is my house," Patrick replied under his breath.
"What?!" the man asked, positioning the gun like he might bring it down at any moment.
"This was my house," Patrick replied heatedly. In my head, I was yelling at him shut up! but it was too late. "You bought it from my Father."
"Oh, really?" the man asked, popping his eyebrows up. "Sounds like it never really was yours if your Father owned it."
Patrick began to say something else, but I cut him off. "Sir! There is a pile of money on the floor. Do you want it or not?"
He looked me in the eye challengingly. "What says I don't just call the cops and claim this money was mine in the first place?"
"You don't want to do that," I said.
"Why not?"
I nodded my head to Patrick. "His Father is a wealthy bastard," I said. "Whether or not this money ever was yours, he'd make sure it was his by the end of it. And then he'd make sure all of your money was his. And then this house was his again... if you were to threaten his son."
"Look, if you're gonna play the daddy card..." That pissed me off, and I nearly yelled. "We are offering you fifty grand," I said. "That is the card I'm playing. That is the gold-plated deck I'm dealing."
He licked his lips, and they glistened as though covered in grease. "What's to say that I don't just kill you both now and take the money?" he asked.
I looked him dead in the eye. I could have 'played the daddy card' again, I could have played the 'we're just kids card', but instead I asked, very simply and cleanly, "Are you really ready for that?" And he knew that I knew that he wasn't. He looked away from me, and I just barely saw it in his body. The answer.
"Leave it all. Get out."
I looked at Patrick, and he did not protest. Rather, he gave a nod of his head, a teacup nod - polite, and yet deafening in its hatred.
I waited for this trailer park man to act like he would shoot us again, but he never did. We stood from the fireplace, and we walked the few feet to the door. He shooed us like we were dogs. Patrick opened the door, and I heard the sound of crickets. I turned away from fat, shorty two-forty for the last time, and we left.
We were on the highway, silent the whole way back to the University, except for one pit-stop along the way for Patrick's hysteria. He slowed the car, parked it, took off his seatbelt, and then proceeded to scream, hit, pummel, and erupt in the driver's seat.
In his tornado of movements, he hit the horn, the windshield wipers, the stereo, the lights. He broke off the rearview mirror, and there were marks in the leather of his steering wheel. I said nothing to him when he exploded, knowing that each of us deal with defeat in our own way - especially our first time - and he said nothing to me.
After the sparks flew, the flame fizzled, and he took the car out of park. We were going down the road again.
I think he was too frustrated to go back to the apartment. I think he was too depressed to go anywhere. But we did go somewhere - Blue Brick. The cafe/bar on Jordan Ave. downtown. It never closes. Going there was like finding a donut shop open at midnight. It was just the right amount of glorious.
Patrick actually parked a little ways from it, near the Caster Woods, and as we got out, a very odd thing happened. Once I stood along the woods' edge, I smelled something distinctly familiar. It woke me, as though dragging me into an entirely separate world from the night we had had.
It was just barely the whisper of a smell, and I don't know exactly what it made me feel, for the smell was too quick and too faint. Had Patrick not been there, I would have gone deeper in, walked through the slender trees to the origin, but I did not. The need for a drink, and the need to see Patrick drink, overrode me.
The first few hours were blissful. We sat on the outside deck of the twenty-four-seven cafe in the dawning morning and said nothing. There was no sun, not really, for the sky was overcast with gray.
Finally, after thirty minutes or so, it began to drizzle and rain. The moisture was nice, and it was cleansing to the air, and for a while, as we ordered drinks, we just sat and stared at the rain in perfect silence, occasionally smoking cigarettes. Patrick had brought his Winston Reds, as usual, and that was nice and made me happy to smoke because that brand was the first cigarette I had ever smoked, and I still respect its flavor.
It rained and rained, and we smoked and smoked, and as soon as a cigarette was out, you could no longer smell it. There was only the water round us.
When the rain let up, and its tough white noise lessened, we became conscious and thoughtful of each other again, though we never said it. Then, the world seemed to wake, and there were people around us having breakfast. All of them were inside, but we could hear them speaking and the clinking of utensils on plates.
We two were the only ones outside, sitting and enjoying the rain, until quite jarringly, and yet unobtrusively, we heard "Patrick!" from our left. We turned, and there were David and Marshall. They reached their arms out like they were waiting for a bro hug, and I heard Patrick whisper, "Dear God, just what I need." When they walked to Patrick, he acknowledged them with a half-assed dap, part handshake, part hug, and then David and Marshall sat down, not yet realizing that the energy between both me and Patrick was not a happy one.
After many times of trying to start a conversation with either of us, they finally did realize it. Monosyllable comments do not make for fun times, and these boys were all about fun.
"What the fuck is wrong?" Marshall asked.
"I don't want to talk about it." Patrick was practically laying on the table, his hand around a half empty glass of whisky. He looked like a tired dog without a bone.
"Well, whatever it is, don't worry about it. Everyone's gone through it."
Patrick just shook his head quietly, while both of the guys ordered something to eat.
"You look like shit," David said.
Again, Patrick said nothing.
"You been shooting heroin again?" said Marshall.
Nothing.
David and Marshall looked at each other, and then David looked to me. He motioned with his hands a shooting-up gesture and mouthed the words, "Is he?" I stared at him, hoping he would understand how condescending he was being, but then I knew he would never realize it, and I gave one shake of my head to the left, and then to the right. I looked away.
"So, uh, Lisa, uh... she thinks you're hot. She asked me about you last night. I've got her number if you want it." David said this to Patrick.
Again, nothing.
The food came at that moment, and the guys started eating. Patrick ordered more drinks, for both me and him, and the waitress went away. She returned with something red for me and something blue for Patrick. I didn't even care what it was. I just drank it.
Finally, Marshall said, "This is fuckin' creepy. One of you guys needs to say something. You're fucking scaring me. I don't care what it is. Just say something."
I'm not sure Patrick even heard Marshall's words, the way he stared at the table, his hand in his hair, which looked more and more like fur as he messed with it. I could see a bit of stubble on his face for the first time, and it stood out like red needles. If it was possible, it glistened even redder than his hair.
Patrick did not look like he wanted to talk. Rather, he looked like he wanted to cry... or die... or kill Marshall and David... or maybe me.
I took a breath like would a swimmer before a dive.
"One day... when I was about sixteen, I had the worst day of my life." I touched my tongue to my lips to bring them to life, let the saliva moisten them, for they felt so dry. "If you can imagine a day where, say, your goldfish commits suicide, and five of your best friends drop dead, and your swimming pool bursts into flames, well that was my day." I looked directly at Patrick. "Well, not exactly, but you know what I'm talking about."
For a long moment, Patrick stared at me. "Aye," he said quietly.
"Hells yeah," said David, and he gave a nod of his head.
"Well," I continued, "the night of this day I actually bought heroin to soak up the wounds, so to speak, and went out to this cemetery in town - Rochester Cemetery. It had a few empty and open tombs, and so I crawled in one, shot up, passed out. And actually," the memory made me chuckle, despite myself, "before I did lose consciousness, I thought I saw one of the broken cement angels come and lean down and look at me." I took a drag off of my cigarette. "Yeah... I was pretty fucked over that night."
David and Marshall seemed to be noticing me as a person for the first time. It was so odd, for me - the honesty. But I continued, because I wanted to watch Patrick forget the last eight hours, even if only for a minute.
"The next day, though - it was like eleven in the morning - I woke up, and I look up out of the tomb, and there are these four women staring down at me, two on each side. They scared the shit out of me. They were actually dressed from head to toe in 1920s clothes. You know, those baggy, black dresses. The headbands. Everything like slinky and sparkling. And one of them, an older woman - I'd say in her fifties or sixties - with red hair," I pointed to Patrick, "but dyed, obviously, she reached down in the crypt, and pulled me up by the arm till I got out of the tomb.
"She, like, dusts me off," I paused, remembering her brushing me, "tells me her name is Margaret, and that the reason each of them is dressed in 1920s gear is because she was there for her niece's wedding. It was 20s themed. There was this church just up the hill from Rochester Cemetery. Apparently, they had been following the peacocks around, then decided to look at the massive angel sculptures, and they found me there.
"She told me I looked like hell."
All three of them chuckled.
"Then, of all things, this woman - Margaret - invites me back to get some food at the wedding, and I am like, 'Hell no.' But she won't take 'no' for an answer. She actually grabs my arm and starts walking me there. Frankly, I was too out of it to resist."
I shook my head like I was relenting. "Though, I did have the wherewithal to make sure my jacket covered my arms at all times. Nobody saw my track marks." I looked to the three of them, making sure this side note didn't lose them.
"In any case, we get to the church, and I get inside, and it's beautiful. It's one of those older buildings that smells like sweet wood. And it's painted white, hardwood floors, sky blue drapes, peacock feathers everywhere for decoration - on the table, in the windows, with the flowers everywhere. There are people crowded all around, and some glance at me, some stare, some - I swear - almost grimace when they see me. I know I looked like shit. All of them," I cut my hand through the air "in 1920's clothes. Vests and fedoras and pocket watches and shiny black shoes. And there's swing music playing in all the rooms. They have the fireplaces lit, and the champagne is sparkling. It was, actually... fantastic. I really, really should not have been there." I stopped to think about that for a moment, and it surprised me that the truth of it pained me. It had been so many years, I thought the memory had grown cold.
"But Margaret gets me this plate of food, and she sits me down at one of the wooden tables and watches me as I eat. After she talks about the bride and groom and makes other little boring small talk, she says to me...
"'Jack, I know you must only be fifteen or sixteen, but have you ever been introduced to 'postmodern art?'"
This made me chuckle again in front of them, because I still remembered my surprise when she said that to me. Of all the things I would have expected her to ask, that wasn't one of them.
"And I tell her, 'No.'
"She said, 'Ah, well, some say it's shit. They say that it lacks the beauty of classic art and has no meaning. But I absolutely disagree with those assholes. I admit that the postmodern is repetitious - that's what makes it postmodern - and it doesn't focus on beauty alone, but that doesn't mean it's below all other art.
"'Actually, what postmodern art does is what all art is supposed to do: present what can't be presented. What I mean by that is, it tries to present the things that you can't quite wrap your mind around. For instance, the idea that space - the universe - has no end, and is constantly growing, expanding, neverending. When you try to picture it, you get dizzy because you just can't quite bottle it up. But art is supposed to present it. Art is supposed to bottle it up, make you dizzy. That is what the postmodern shoots for.'
"Then she kept going on about it. She said, 'One time when I was in Austin, I saw a poetry reading by Anis Mojgani, and he has captured this idea of art extraordinarily well. One of the things he said in his reading was, "I want you to draw me a picture of what smoking a cigarette feels like."' She was like, 'I thought to myself, Wow. How fantastic! He was asking his audience to present that which cannot be caught or bound! Purifying into a drop of sight such a complicated and unpresentable amalgam of human experience. And I, Jack,' she said, 'while driving home that night after listening to him, thought about all the other unpresentable things in the world - God, the universe, those little moments and experiences in life that one can never put into words, the soul. And I asked myself, What item in my life would I say presents to me the soul? What says "soul" to me? That was just so interesting. And after I decided on what it was - it only took me five minutes to do so - I have since asked that question of, well, practically everyone. I have heard so many variety of answers, it is amazing. And so, I'm quite curious about you Jack,' she said to me. 'What, pray tell, would you choose to represent the soul? Of all the things in the world, what says "soul" to you?'"
I took a breath and then a sip of water. My throat was drying with all the smoking and speaking, and the splash of the icy liquid filled in all the cracks and refreshed me just in time to answer Marshall's question and Patrick's look.
"What did you say?" Marshall asked.
I put my glass down with a wet bang and stole a glance at Patrick. He seemed interested, and I was glad. For him. "Well," I said, "I told her how, when I was in middle school, a girl in my class had a pen with a clear plastic sphere on the top. Inside the sphere was this dark blue liquid that, when shaken or swirled, burst into a glowing bright blue - like the chemicals in a glow stick. I loved watching that pen when she was writing. I have never seen one like it since. But that is what I picture when I think of the soul. The liquid. I mean... You ask yourself, 'What does the blood of a soul look like?' It would have to be something brilliant, you know? It would have to be a glowing cobalt blue plasma."
All three of them sat there for moments, thinking, and then each in his turn nodded his head slightly, and Marshall said, "Huh."
"Did she say what she pictured?" Patrick asked, and that made me smile.
"Yeah, actually. After I told her what I thought of, I asked her what she had chosen. She said, 'For me, I picture a lung - a healthy, working lung.' She said that just a few years back a doctor friend of hers had shown her pictures of cancerous, black lungs, and healthy, pink ones, to see how they compared. For one reason or another, the healthy one stuck with her. And then, when she thought of the soul that one day, she just associated it. She said she still wasn't sure why, but there it was. The soul was a lung for her - a healthy, vital, living lung."
"A lung?" David rolled his eyes and laughed. "A fucking lung? What?! Why would somebody choose one organ of the body to represent the entire soul?"
Patrick and I looked at each other like a calm amidst a storm. And then I said softly, "I don't know. She just did."
"That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard of," David continued.
"Well what the fuck would you choose?" Marshall asked.
"I don't know. Um..." David rubbed his face and shrugged his shoulders. "Maybe the brain?"
"What the hell?" Marshall erupted. "You just complained about her choosing one organ for the soul, and you just did the same thing."
"I know. I know. But, I mean, the brain is where all of our higher level functioning is housed."
"No," I said softly, but he heard. "I don't think that's how it's supposed to work, unless you mean that, by looking at the brain itself you think of the soul. Is that what you mean? Or that it's logical that the brain should represent the soul?"
David started to speak, but then halted. "I don't know," he finally burst out, slurring his words. "It is way too early to figure this out." He slouched in his chair, his eyes glazed over.
"Like it's that fucking hard," said Marshall. "For me, it would definitely be a song."
"A song?" Patrick asked, leaning his head against his elbow and his elbow against the table. He raised his eyebrows. "Really?"
"Yeah," said Marshall, and he gave a defensive look at David. "A piano sonata, actually. Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven. I know I'm not the most cultured motherfucker in the world, but I have heard it, and I do like it. I think it's the best fucking piano sonata ever. And, I was raised with it. My Mother played it all the time around Christmas in the evenings. And, yeah, everything about it says 'soul,' to me."
"I can see it," I said, and I lit another cigarette.
"Yeah," said Marshall, "of course. It's an absolute masterpiece."
I peered at Patrick's tired emerald eyes. "What would you choose?" I asked. I did not know if he would answer.
Besotted and depressed though he was, he did answer. "I've been thinking about that." He cleared his throat, but he did not sit up straighter to make his point, nor did he look at us when he said the words. "What says 'soul' to me... is what says 'home' to me. And that, I think, would be... this white rosary I had when I was younger."
When he said it, I felt my stomach fall. And I knew... I fucking knew right then everything. It felt as though millions of years of information had suddenly been pumped into me with a tiny syringe.
"A rosary?" David asked.
"Aye," said Patrick. "One that was my Mother's. It was made of opal. Looked like there was blue lightning in the stone, but it was still white. Still white. And it glowed in a way. And she gave it to me when my Father had his heart attack." Patrick drew a ring around the rim of his glass. "When she gave it to me, she told me, 'Everything is going to be alright. Even when it's not alright, it's alright,' and I don't know. I guess I've clung to that motto ever since. Even when she died a few years later." He shook his head quickly as though to shake the memory away. Our eyes met. "The rosary says to me, 'soul,' and it always will, even though I lost it."
I could have swallowed my tongue. I could have bitten down on it until it bled.
We had not gone to his old house for the money. We never went for fifty grand. There was something far more important in that chimney waiting for him, and he didn't get it.
Patrick stared at me as he stole my cigarette from my hand and took a long draw.
"I'm going fucking home," he said. "You coming?"
I nodded my head.
I stood up and brought out a wad of cash from my wallet. I laid it down on the table.
Patrick motioned with his hand for me to stop. "Don't worry about it," he said.
"I think I've lost you enough today," I replied. "I can at least get this."
"Don't make a big fucking deal out of it," he told me in a simultaneously stern and amiable voice. "You are my friend, and I take care of my friends. No big fucking deal," he said. He scooped up my cash and handed it back to me.
It took Patrick and I a while to walk to his loft, for both of us were too drunk to drive. By the time we got there, I was too tired to walk back to my apartment, and I crashed there for a good seven hours. When I woke, it was nearing sundown, and Patrick's sleeping form was on the bed beside me.
This was the first time I had slept on his bed with its black silk sheets and gray silk comforter. The sensation was like swimming, and I waded to the bed's edge. Patrick was still out, his mouth open, drool running from a corner, his lips a creamy pink, his head twisted strangely as he lay on his stomach. When I had woken, Patrick's hand had been lightly laying atop mine, and that in itself told me what I had to do.
I stole Patrick's car keys, and I drove to my apartment to retrieve my gun.
I traveled an hour and a half back to the house - the house, Patrick's old house. There, I waited for the night to quicken. I waited for the house's windows to go black. I waited for The Man to go to sleep. I willed him to. I knew the man in Patrick's old house would not be expecting the same person to break in the very next night, nor would he have had time to install a security system.
And, of course, fifty grand neatly stacked helps a man sleep like a baby. I had, in a way, drugged him with the most powerful sleeping potion.
In the dead of night, when my gut told me it was the right time, when the cells of my body psychically knew it was the hour where even my most outrageous plans would not collapse, I picked the lock to the house again, and I entered quietly, gun in my pocket. If need be, I'd shoot to kill.
I reached within the mouth of the fireplace, feeling all the grooves of the brick and mortar. Then, I felt the hole from which the money had flown. But that was not the gap that interested me. Rather, it was a brick three places to the left of that hole. I had remembered so very well the other brick that Patrick had been scraping out - the one I had said was the wrong one when I smelled his warm skin. Little had I known, it was the right one, and I was mistaken.
I took out my knife, and with time, I cut into the mortar and pulled out the brick. I reached within the wall, felt to the back, and found it. The rosary felt cool against my hand, like the skin of a snake, and I wrapped my fingers around it, pulled it from its cage.
When it fell into my hand, I could smell the brick dust on it. I thrust it into my pocket, knowing all too well what the price of tarrying would be, reached into the cubby once again to make sure nothing else was within, and then placed the brick back in its spot. In a few short seconds, I was out of the house, walking in the night on the stiff grass, thinking of sugar cubes.
When I was back in Patrick's car, I retrieved the rosary from my pocket and peered at it in the car's light. It put all jewelry to shame. Reds and blues and greens streaked within the white stone shimmered at me. The colors tasted like candy. I wondered then why Patrick had ever put it in a fireplace to begin with.
When I look into the rosary, I don't hear the word 'soul,' but the whiteness of it does remind me of the mountain goats that are so white they are rumored to practically glow, and something about a soft pallid color glowing in the night does indeed bring to mind something beyond and unpresentable, but what specifically I don't know.
It was late when I returned to Patrick's loft, and it was locked when I tried the knob. But with Patrick's keys, I was able to open the door, and I stepped inside. There was a note, a very large note on the coffee table, written in large black marker that said, "Wake me if you come in."
But when I found Patrick upstairs asleep on his bed, I did not rouse him.
Rather, I left the rosary on the black sheets of his bed beside him, with my own note attached.
"I know you said you lost your soul, but maybe this will do." I signed my name. There was a sort of P.S. at the bottom, as well. In small print it said, "I also take care of my friends. No big fucking deal."
Then, I left, taking his loft key so as to lock his door.
He has never asked me to return it.
Until the day I die, I will never forget the look on his face - the expression when I visited him after I had brought him the rosary. I'll always remember the exquisite way he pressed me to himself and placed his lips, his nose, his skin, against my neck and breathed, and I felt upon my own face the fabric of his crisp blue shirt, and he said to me, "You realize you've done a terrible thing. Now, I'll never let you leave." If it was possible, we pressed into one another even more, like two pieces of warm wax.
The rosary now has its own throne in Patrick's bedroom. It sits in a glass case secured on the wall beside his bed. I stare at it often. When I am high, it stares at me.
When I fall asleep at Patrick's, he holds my hand just a bit tighter.
Just a bit longer, just a bit lovelier, just a bit thicker our friendship every day seems to be.

Strangely, though, I cannot shake that day of our failure from my mind. Not because of the fifty grand. No. Not because of fat, shorty two-forty. Rather, I think about the forest that night close to the Blue Brick Cafe, and the smell that calls to me. Sometimes it wakens me on the outer edges of a dream.
These nights, when I do dream, it is usually of God. And He tells me that something is headed my way again. And I tell Him, "It's too soon."

Chapter 18
SCREAM
In the weeks following our being commanded to "kill the good," everything changed. For one, Cyrus was always suspicious of me. I was given no peace.
"What else did It say?" he asked countless times. I would assure him that I had given him all - the whole, complete, full circle commandment - of what the box had ordained.
Still, all he would say with his icicle eyes was, "I don't believe you. If that were all there was to know, there would be no reason to go through you. It would have told me, as it always has. But now, it is silent to me, and it speaks to you. There is more there than you say."
He was right, of course, but I still denied him. Thus, he continued evolving his questions, as well as his murders.
He began to frighten me. I did not sleep well anymore. Three hours, at most, I rested a night.
Cyrus, in both perturbation and eagerness to please the Other, had turned maniacal, religious. It made me wonder if something in him was simply waiting for permission to be born, like a latch ready to spring.
The fear culminated one evening when he brought me to a clearing in the back of his property, far within the woods.
It was night, and the grass glistened with a sweat that was sweet and stuck to the back of my tongue. When we arrived, already a crowd was gathered. There was a wooden podium, and on the podium three girls stood.
When I saw them I shivered. They were between the ages of eight and twelve. Their blonde hair streamed like silken banners and fluoresced like spider webs beneath the torches and flashlights that surrounded us.
"They must be blonde. They must be virgins," I remember Cyrus commanding just a few days earlier. I heard the voice then at the cusp of my ear as though hell was breaking loose.
"As you watch this," Cyrus said, before he stepped to the podium to stand beside those girls, "ask yourself, can you do what I do? Can you do it better?"
Cyrus enlightened the gathered group of what he meant to do. He told them outright, "Your daughters will be sacrificed," like a judge behind the bench, and without one more word, he ordered Alex and many of the other men to start taking them to their deaths.
From the left of the crowd, a hulking figure of a man leaped forward at Cyrus, and in a flash, I retrieved my gun from my pocket and dashed forward. But then Cyrus, without even looking up at me, held his palm up in my direction, as though telling me "Halt!" And I did stop. From fifteen feet away, I heard his voice cut to me.
"Die."
The man who had launched himself forward hit the ground with a smack like a bag of oranges, and he landed there amongst the leaves in such a way that there was no question. His arms and legs were splayed out at odd angles like a spider's arms plucked and mislaid. His eyes were wide open, and they peered in my direction. His hands twitched clumsily like the hooves of a baby deer. His pink tongue lolled in the dirt.
Following this failed attack, there was a small pause, a gasp really, and then several men and women also launched themselves forward, and again, Cyrus muttered like a conductor of an orchestra, "Die," and the musicians obeyed, piling upon one another like bricks. It reminded me of a cartoon, and this phantasmatic drawing continued until there laid before us a heap of ten bodies or so, and then there were no more saviors, only quivering families and their wretched uselessness.
The ones still standing balked and looked like frightened lambs during trimming season, and though others' weaknesses had always angered me, for the first time in my life I didn't blame them for their inabilities. I realized then how absolutely useless I, too, had become, perhaps had always been.
Cyrus did not need me to save him. He did not need me at all. He had his box, his word, his son, his money. He was perfected. He was like God.
When Cyrus strung the girls up one-by-one, I saw my sister in each of their faces, as though he had killed my own. As for myself, I knew where I was - at the bottom of that pile of dead families. I felt my heart swivel upside down like a wheel of misfortune, and it did not come right side up, for I heard his words yet again in my ear, "Can you do what I do? Can you do it better?"
Considering my past, I should have been able to say 'yes.' Inexplicably, I could not. I was not numb enough for this. I hated it and myself.
It would be three days before the girls were cut down, and I would refuse each day to near them. When the others would eventually pluck the girls like apples from the limbs, they would be even whiter than when alive, and this would eventually remind me of my room... the crisp pallid imbued once the Other had left.
During that night, though, I stood alone, in shock at the bodies of the children, and I talked to myself in my fear.
"You've got to wait," I whispered, standing beneath the feet in the trees.
"Wait for what?" the other half replied.
"You know what."
"Don't say it."
"Don't pretend. You can feel it inside of you, deep in your gut. It's ready."
Cyrus said the Other was appeased. He could feel it in the brisk air, he gasped, that we had done well and would be rewarded and so would those who aided him. He never did realize, even theoretically, like I had, standing there and watching the survivors and weak ones weep, trying to close off every organic trickle that had appeared within myself, that there comes a point in horror where rewards no longer exist, when money doesn't fix a damned thing.
When we returned to the house, it was almost three in the morning, and I intended to bolt straight to Roland's room, but I discovered he was out helping bury the bodies. I peaked outside a window and watched them work from a distance, but then, quite suddenly, Cyrus called me.
"Do you feel it?" he asked.
"What?" I was numb.
"It's satisfied. The house is. The Other is. My body is. It's glorious." He stretched his arms out and leaned back in his office chair. He spun it around like a ballerina and giggled. "It's so wonderful, so beautiful, so marvelous - this chaos... the ability to kill others with a word."
This power was one of his newest, and it showed. "I'm happy for you," I said to him, and I tried my best to smile. I couldn't tell if it worked.
"Yes. Harming another cannot harm you. It's a marvelous thing that we're so separate. They can't get in."
"Yes," I said. But for me, they had gotten in. I was in them... it. In fact, I had never been so in it in my entire life. And, as I sat in the leather chair across from his desk, I actually began to experience tinges of regret - for murders I had never done, would never do, and had always loved. The sickness filled me so that I felt my blood replaced with black tar, and I sensed this tar thumping in my throat as my very past regurgitated. It seemed the warmth in my stomach had suddenly turned to lava.
I leaned forward in my seat, rubbing my face, feeling the contents of my soul fall out of me like soup. I pictured my sister hanging from a rope again, her shiny pink shoes bopping, twitching, stilling. No! my mind screamed.
"Jack?... Jack?"
"Hm?" I said, and I looked up.
Cyrus was leaning to his side in the seat, smiling at me with pursed lips. "Now is the time you must ask yourself, are you truly ready to replace me?"
"What?" The word collapsed into a whisper.
"That is, after all, what you spoke of, isn't it? That night in your room, with It."
"You kill me, Cyrus," I replied, rolling my eyes. I thought of Meredith. "And your women kill me, and your boxes kill me, and your son, too. He kills me."
"Even more reason to question, then. Doing away with me. Working for another, stronger, more expansive being. Obeying It." He leaned forward on his desk. "Do you really think you can do what I do? Can you really give the world the evil it deserves?"
He thrust his hand in the air like he was brushing off all the imperfections between us like dust. "Not the dumb evil, the unwilling evil, the inexperienced, the hesitant, the flat, the pathetic, choking, flaccid, yawning, lazy, impotent evil that haunts the world. No! The evil that makes heroes what they are!
"The world cannot have a good hero without an equally good villain. Well, don't the others deserve such villains? And will you be there, like I am there, to make sure they won't be disappointed?"
He continued to thrust his questions at me like daggers. "Nobody wants the idiot to take him out of this world, Jack. No one wants a killer who doesn't give a damn or wants it over with, or doesn't think twice, but enjoys! Yes, enjoys intelligently, coercively, cunningly. Because then, oh what a great person they are - not to be done in by a mouse, but by a monster!
"Can you be that bastard?"
I looked at him like it was insanity that made him sparkle, and I handed him the simplest answer. "No."
He nodded, and he seemed pleased. "Then I suggest you think on that. Because if I were to somehow disappear, due to something, or someone, making a choice very similar to the one that I once made, so long ago, under the tutelage of a man very much like myself, then you would be left to replace me.
"The box will not get rid of one if It does not believe It can replace me with another, and if you can't, It will inhabit you. Why the Other is interested in specifically you, I haven't the slightest clue, but don't believe for a second I don't know what's going on. It's in your best interest to make sure, no matter what happens, I do not die."
I sighed and flipped out my hands imploringly. "I have no doubt that that is true, but you don't need to convince me. I've already told you, I think you should burn the damned thing."
Cyrus grinned. "Like fire could do it... Let there be no question, we will keep following It, with me front and center."
"Of course," I said.
It was as though I had never said those words. "And to prove to you how much you don't want to lead the way, I'm going to inform you what our next little project is. It is called the Destruction of Faith. Yes, it has a name. We take a minister. We kill his family. We wear him down. When his faith is at its lowest point, we kill him and send him to hell."
Had Cyrus ever believed in hell? I wondered. "Why the fuck are we doing this?" I asked.
"Well... I suppose because God hates it."
I didn't believe it. I waited for more, but he gave me nothing. Still, I paused. "So?"
"Well, that's what we've always been about. Chaos over good."
I laughed aloud. "No, Cyrus, no. We murder for the pleasure."
"Jaaack..." he stretched my name out as he shook his head. He rolled his eyes lazily. "We've talked this over. Don't play dumb. It doesn't suit you."
"I don't play, Cyrus. Ever. You taught me well."
He peered at me as though looking through a magnifying glass at a chrysalis. "We've done what It wanted. We've waited for it to become more powerful. We've grown it. Now we're reaping."
"Reaping?" I asked and smiled. "You're telling me that when your wife was cheating with Townsend, and you had me choke him to death for you in the piano room as you drank mulled wine with the others, that it was all about 'angering God?'" I shook my head. "Do you not know yourself?"
"How do you think I knew she was cheating?"
I pursed my lips together in thought until I felt the blood seep from them. "You're saying the thing in the box told you?"
"Of course."
"Yes, but I thought you..." I stopped. I had suddenly lost my ability to explain reality. I began rifling through my head all the moments in time I had been ordered by Cyrus to kill - for Meredith, for money, for entertainment. "You're telling me this was all for God?"
"Not for God, per se. To bother Him, yes, and hurt Him. To feel that moment when His eyes are on you and will never let you go - to gain his attention forever, and to enjoy it. Pleasure has always come second."
"Oh wow," I said, and I gave one sad laugh.
"What?"
"This is so much worse!" I shouted, and I hopped out of my chair.
"Why?" he asked, teasingly. "Are you a closet Christian?"
"No!" I screamed at him, and I kicked his desk. "This was supposed to be about you! And me! And Roland! But now... It makes it all...! It's fucking cheap! That's what it is."
He sat there and guffawed. "How could gaining the gaze of God be anything but magnificent? Jack, you're being ignorant! It's the gaze of God! Do you know what that means? You are forever implicated, forever greater, in the great plan!"
"Fuck the plan!"
I turned to go, but when I reached the doors of his office, they would not open.
"Let me the fuck out!" I roared.
"No."
I continued to pull at the oak doors.
I heard Cyrus's voice behind me. It was all too tender. "Come on, Jack. Did you really... Did you really think that this was all about pleasure?"
I flipped around and glared. "You're the one! You're the one who gave me Roland! For my first kill, and second, and third, and I..." I stopped.
"What?" he said.
"You know."
He stood up from his desk, slowly drifted around to the front of it and leaned against its edge. His figure was in the form of a half bow when he said slowly, "I do not. Tell me."
"I love him."
"You love him?" he asked, and he said it in such a way that it seemed the words tasted acerbic.
"I loved you, and what you and he helped me do." I realized almost instantaneously that telling him this truth was a mistake.
"I see," said Cyrus. "So you thought that murder was, in a way, about love." He was looking at the corner of the office, his eyes flicking back and forth. "...and probably connection.
"Maybe it was a mistake keeping Roland alive. I had brought him back to help you make the transition from innocence, but maybe I erred. Maybe the innocence didn't leave, but... petrified. And maybe the box... Wait! What about the others? Those you've killed on your own."
It did not surprise me then that he knew about my extracurricular activities. Nevertheless, I said quite defeated, as though I had been explaining myself for hours, "I killed them because I wanted to. I desired to."
"And these were all men?"
"Of course."
"Around Roland's age?"
Suddenly, I did not appreciate his analysis. I knew the implication - that I, like many not so appreciated others, had a set from which I never deviated. "There's nothing wrong with consistency, Cyrus." I cocked my head. "Would you prefer I kill children?"
"Soon... you may be required to."
I sighed, my blood beginning to boil. "There's a reason you had me killing Roland all those years ago, rather than Roland killing me. The child kills the adult, not the other way around."
Cyrus replied sharply, "That's a rather smart thing to say," but then he seemed calm again. "And, in a way, you are correct. But, dear Jack, you have forgotten quite a lot."
"Forgotten what?"
"The berries."
"What are you talking about?"
"You remember. The plate like a mirror? You were about five at the time."
I could not acknowledge this, because I did not recall.
He sighed and glanced at his watch. "When we met for the first time, and I was considering taking you in, I put before you a plate of nine poisonous berries and one harmless, and I let you eat one of your choice. I figured, if there was any way to tell if we were meant to be, that was it. And... you chose correctly."
I could not hide my shock, but either I did not show it, or he did not notice. He said congenially, "I was perfectly willing to kill you. Just like I was perfectly willing to kill those three girls and did, tonight."
"You tried to poison me?" I said, for the first time replaying that day in which we'd met.
"I didn't 'try' a thing. I left it completely up to fate. I, like with many things, decided that if fate wanted you to die, you would. If it did not, you would come with me.
"I mean, truly Jack, put yourself in my place. How much could one expect from yet another bastard child without some sort of sign that you would be different? I needed something outside of this world to show me that this child is not like the others. I wasn't here to save the children of the world. I was here to do something very specific, and I simply needed to know if you were the one to join me. Luckily, I think... you were."
I was breathless, and I felt sweat beginning to collect along my body. "Did you...? With others?" I asked.
"Are you asking if there were other plates of berries and other children?"
"Yes."
"Closet-fulls."
I felt my mouth part against my will in awe of this monstrosity, and for the first time, I pitied my younger self. Faintly, I did recall the memory of our first meeting, but it was weak, like the flapping of butterfly wings against my brain. I blurrily remembered the circle of fruit on the plate and the angels overhead in the painting reflected in that very dish - how the tip of an angel's hand touched the berry I chose. "How could you not tell me?"
"How could you not know?" Cyrus asked, and he leisurely sprung at me, grabbing my arm and pulling me to him. "Where have you been all of these years? You were hiding inside your head, hm? Maybe you didn't want to see it, but you do now. You perceive me here - my gray eyes, my taut face, my white lips? The daggers in my smile." I did not fight him one inch as he pulled me close.
"Yes. What are you?" I said, floating in a pool of terror.
"A machine, Jack, with a few human tricks, which grow fewer and fewer every day."
"What are you really?" I asked.
"You want my title? They don't have a name yet for a thing like me."
"What... do you do?"
"You know what I do."
"Tell me."
"I grow murderers."
"Yes."
"I eat the innocent."
I said nothing, waiting for more.
"And I am one of the few in the world who can step backstage in this whole fucking play and return with props from another kind of reality."
"But when did this begin?"
"It simply always was."
"I don't believe you."
"You don't?" he laughed. "You still think I'm different than what I've shown you?" And he shook his head in disdain.
"You changed," I said, "when the box opened itself. You changed when I went into the woods and met that bright stranger."
"Jack, you are wrong. There is no difference between now and the beginning. That's not just true for me, but every experience we have ever had. Your first kiss, first love, first kill - they're all as bad as the last. There is no difference in horror between these later kills and the first. You only experience the first as love and the last as... despair."
I pulled from him then, and a small distance separated our warm bodies in the cold room, but I could still feel him, as though we were pressed close. I walked to the door, and he kept pace with me, my eyes pinned to him, and his to me.
He opened the door for me and said, "Remember, Jack, though you are unprepared to replace me, you are also incapable to reject me. You are too old. No matter what you decide in the face of this, any halo you ever had has slipped about your neck. It is a noose, and no matter of clawing and twisting will free it. There is no Jack but the one that exists with Cyrus."
"How do you do this?" I asked. "How do you survive the chaos, Cyrus? I am numb. So numb. How can you live this way?"
He smiled at me. "Jack, while you ask that question, I instead wonder the very opposite. How can you stand the borders and handholds in life? It is chaos that is safe. It is numbness that protects. There is nothing better than when there is no knowing, no comprehension, no guilt, but only action, the now, what It wants, and nothing else. It is freeing."
"Too freeing. I am cold in that freedom."
"Stay, and soon the cold will feel warm again."
It was so illogical, this whole conversation - for, I knew that he feared my connection to the Other would override him, but at the same time he beckoned me inward, to be more like him. I was both loathed and desired, like a toy being slowly outgrown.
I shook my head and said the only thing that I could. "I should have eaten one of the other berries. I should have eaten them all."
"That may be true," Cyrus whispered, "but in that case, it is your loss, and yours alone. All I need is yet another child, yet another plate of berries. Unlike you, it is never too late for me to start again."
* * *
I am not sure just what came over me at three in the morning, when the others had gone to bed, and only the wind could be heard wailing against the windows of Cyrus's home.
I am not sure how I knew to do it.
I slunk through the dark, shadowed halls, feeling the gentle marble prick my feet with cold. Out in the night, whips of cool air licked my skin like metal tongues, and though I reminisced barefoot on the dirt and grass all of Cyrus's threats, this wind seemed to wash him from me.
When I arrived at the overturned dirt, where I knew the masses of people, and in particular the girls, were buried, Cyrus's home was just a quarter mile away, and he for once seemed a speck in a distant universe. And I was no longer in that universe, no. I lived in a world where girls did not die, and their families could always protect them.
There was a discarded broken shovel nearby, and I gripped its gritty handle and brought it to the shallow graves. I dug the three up, one by one. It did not take more than an hour.
The girls' cloudy pupils seemed to watch me, their eyes looking like old film frames stuck in a projector, beginning to burn away in the golden moonlight.
The dirt that powdered their clothes did not seem like dirt then, but rather black snow that had fallen and glittered like hematite and ebon spinel. It was all over my hands, and their faces like makeup. It littered my clothes, and I loved the feel of something real against me, for I had not felt anything real in a long time.
I touched one of the girls' cold faces, and I pictured my sister there. I could not stand it. I felt my blood turn hot and hasten, and as I came ever more alive in my hatred, the warmth in my stomach stoked itself again into a sizzling fire, reminding me that the bright man had left something inside me.
When I felt it warm, I watched the eyes of the first dead girl focus, her pupils narrowing, and they turned towards my hand. She had no pulse or warmth or any other sign of life, but I could tell a miracle was on the cusp - a resurrection.
It was what I had always wanted - to complete the circle, like the first time with Roland. I suddenly dreamed of digging up all the men I had ever killed and filling them anew. One by one, I pictured their compressed bodies plump, as though a milk poured from God was sating their dead thirst.
This was impossible, of course. Those bodies were from too long ago and had been either burned, crushed, melted to nothing by chemicals, or eaten by animals deep in the woods. I wished I had known to keep them around - bury them at least - and I stood there like a child feeling nostalgia for a toy mistakenly sold years ago.
I moved my hand around the first girl's face, watching her dead eyes follow me, and I heard her dead flesh squeak with the movement. When I tired of this surprising trick, I touched her cheek.
I let the warm power in my stomach release, and I brought her to life.
And the next.
And the next.
Their eyelids flapped, and their limbs trembled, but they were as supple and alive as before Cyrus ever touched them. They said they had no knowledge of what they were doing there, on Cyrus's property, covered in cold moist earth. I told them to wait there and that I would return.
I went round to the other side of the property, where the girls' families were buried - the protectors that had failed, much in the same way that I would have failed, had I raised even a finger to strike the gray-haired maniac. Just like with the girls, I fleshed them anew.
Only the black dirt was a sign there had been a short gap in their existence. As for their behaviors, I had returned everything to them. They were just as intelligent, healthy, and thoughtful as when they had left - no more, no less. Not only this, but the adults remembered their deaths. Unlike the children, they were mindful that they had been taken out of this world and returned. They thanked me. They cried. And they hated and feared Cyrus.
Because they remembered, there was little need to explain to them why they could never return, but rather must slip from the city, and the state, and find a secret new place to call home.
After I spoke with them to ensure this, there was not much time left in the evening, and I led them to their children. I remember watching as they held the girls close, kissed them, and cried - and I remember how quickly they left me.
Up through the woods they hiked and disappeared in the ghostly mist. They followed my directions, out on a path that would lead them to the main road about a mile away. I have never seen any of them since.
Once their forms vanished from sight, I filled the shallow graves with the dirt, not packing it down, so that it still looks like bodies were below. I left the broken shovel where it had lain, and I washed the dirt from my feet with a hose before I returned to the mansion.
In all of this toil, for just a brief second I felt fully alive, as though it was my own life I had resurrected; but as I entered the home again, I felt that sensation collapse. I wondered if it would ever dare return.

Chapter 19
RELAX
I went to Patrick's party that night dressed in blue jeans, a button-up shirt, and my delicious black coat that hugged me tight across the chest and abdomen and left off from my body at my waist. Its shiny black buttons reflected the outdoor light as I turned the brassy knob on the door to let myself in.
Already, there must have been twenty people there, and of course Patrick was in the middle of them all - darting here and there - making sure that he spoke to everyone and that they all had a drink or a dime in their hands. It was a cacophony of laughter, smiles, and crystal glasses.
When I arrived, Patrick bolted to me and said, "Finally, Jack! There are these three girls I want you to meet."
"Oh?" I asked.
"I want you to tell me which one I should fuck tonight." The look on his face was not a joking one, but one of concern, as though he were picking out an engagement ring rather than a liaison. We had never been closer as friends.
"You could have them all," I said, hoping I would not actually have to choose for him.
He nodded his head. "I will, but not tonight. Tonight, just one." He grabbed my hand. "I would entrust this to no one else."
He pulled me through the people, and they barely moved for us, so I rubbed against four or five warm bodies before we got to the three girls.
They were gorgeous. The blonde had crimped hair that looked like silk fibers in the overhead row lighting, and her makeup was done so intensely - dark grey eye shadow surrounded not only her eyes, but ran across the bone of her nose so that she wore a painted mask. Very few could have pulled it off, but she did beautifully.
The second was a brunette that was taller than the blonde, and she wore a matching gold necklace and earrings. The earrings dangled so low they touched her bare and creamy shoulders. Her cobalt blue dress barely came up past her nipples. It made even me want to trail my finger along her breasts.
The third was a red-head with curly hair, dressed as elegantly as the other two, but with a lip ring. It was like Mona Lisa with a piercing, or a statue of Venus with a tattoo. Because it was so unnecessary, it fit so perfectly.
"Which one?" Patrick asked me. I looked at them and was rendered speechless. They all looked like perfect marble statues, and I could not decide which Patrick should bring to life.
"What can they do?" I asked.
Patrick raised his eyebrows, turned to them inquiringly, and said, "Well... what can you do girls?"
"I can sing," said the blonde pleasantly, and before any of the others could answer, Patrick brightened instantaneously and said, "Well let's fucking hear it."
He did not grab her hand, but gestured with his pointer finger for her to follow him. Immediately, I saw what he meant to do. He brushed off the few people sitting on the piano bench as though they were mere pieces of dust, and he sat at the baby grand.
As soon as Patrick settled, he motioned for the girl to stand in front of the piano, and a halo formed around them. My view was crystal clear.
"What would you like to sing?" Patrick asked.
She mentioned a song and listed its E, A flat, A, B, F-sharp, A, recipe of chords.
Patrick nodded his head like an airline captain. He began on the piano with a brisk, upbeat, plink, plank, plink, plank noise. It sounded clean, like it was made by children in the rain rather than Patrick at the piano. A few of the girls in the crowd moved back and forth to the familiar tune. Soon, it was only the cigarette smoke that was still talking. Then, the blonde began to sing.
I looked across the crowd, and there were more people filing down from upstairs, more listening, more singing along softly. Someone had turned off the radio. What truly caught me, though, was the absolute breathtaking beauty of the blonde.
Her voice was an airy one - not thick like others, and it fit with the simplicity of the song. Her silver dress shined like a beacon in the room, a warm light around which all could warm themselves. The dark gray of its spiraling lace matched the eye shadow stretched across her face like a superhero mask, and as she continued to sing, I realized just how impeccably perfect this moment was. I looked at the weight of her breasts pressing against the shimmery fabric, and I knew why Patrick wanted her.
Suddenly, I was glad Patrick had asked me if I wanted him to fuck her, because without that moment there wouldn't be this one - where all of us gathered and communed as part of the blonde's singing and Patrick's playing.
Patrick, in the midst of his striking the keys, hungrily looked at the blonde, and it would have been obvious to anyone that he wanted her - and I wanted him to want her. I wanted to see him want her, because I knew what that want felt like, knew that it made living all the more alive, and I wanted him to feel it.
I admit that this was probably because I loved him. Yes, I did. Yet, at the same time, his wanting her had nothing to do with it. Something fresh had been injected into the room, like a syringe with a novel drug had been planted into the heart of Patrick's loft, and all the liquid went streaming through the air into the cracks and corridors of the loft, and we inhaled it, tasted it, drank it - this pure enjoyment.
I could hear not just the piano, but the very fibers in the strings being plucked. I could perceive not only the woman's voice, but the flesh in that voice and the brilliant vibrations through that flesh.
Thank God Patrick wanted to fuck angels, because then I got to hear them sing.
When both she and Patrick were done, everyone gave them a round of applause, and though many asked for another song, Patrick told them "No," like a child, and both she and he came back to me. Slowly, the conversations that had highlighted the loft returned, and there were noises of hearty humanity again.
Before either of them said anything, I told Patrick, "This is the one."
"I dare say you're right," he said and smiled. He slipped his arm around the blonde and kissed her neck. She seemed to almost purr, obviously pleased that she had passed the impromptu test.
"Let's go then," she told him, and Patrick smiled, smelling her neck again, but then he pulled back somewhat and said, "Hold on. There's something else I want first."
He turned to me, and my heart stuttered.
"Tell me something about yourself. Something new. Something true."
"What?" I asked.
"I demand you explain yourself. I demand you tell me anything."
I shot him a quizzical look, and I shifted this look to the blonde. But she was going with the flow, going wherever Patrick took her. She smiled at me like she was part of this plot.
"Haven't we done this before?" I asked him.
"We've done everything before," he said. "Well," and he thought to himself, "not everything per se, but most."
"There's no fun in repetition," I said.
"No, Jack," he replied. "Fun is only in repetition."
He motioned his hand out like a mafia godfather expressing concern about his daughter's wedding. "Before I have sex with her, I want you to tell me something about yourself. Where are you from?" he asked.
The questions came, slowly, softly, as though his thinking of them was snow falling. "Where were you born? What is your sister like? Who was your first lover?" He said this last one in a whisper. When I didn't respond, he continued to give me a pleasant plethora of questions. "How old are you? What did you do between high school and college? What interests you? What are your hobbies and favorite foods? What are your favorite movies? Do you hate politics? Do you believe in God?"
I looked at him, his burning orange hair, his green eyes, the lovely freckles and high cheekbones, his lankiness. He was so calm, amidst this hullabaloo of a party. Though the music of the stereo started again, and the blonde hung about him like a Christmas ornament, he noticed nothing, was interested in nothing, but my response. For a moment, I wondered if he wanted me, not the blonde, but then I shook the idea away.
"I thought you said there were other ways to get to know someone," I replied.
"Oh there are," he said, and he stroked the blonde's back, stepped a few feet and lifted a Guinness from out of a silver ice chest. He popped the top off with the sapphire ring on his right hand, brought it to his mouth, and took a long swallow. "But now I'm in a different mood, and I demand an answer."
"You... demand?" I laughed.
"Yes. I think that's fair." It seemed too odd to me to be discussing this as though we were alone, as though he wasn't ready for sex. There were people clustered all about us, bumping into him occasionally and me as well. "You are my best friend, after all. And I hardly know you."
I felt both flattered and confused. Finally, I noticed the others around us again, and I said jokingly, "With as short a time as we've been best friends, answers to these questions could tear us apart irrevocably, and your weed is way too good for me to act so foolish."
He nodded in agreement. "That it is. But what if I said you couldn't have anymore if you didn't answer me?"
"What question do you want me to answer?" I said quickly, like a junkie who needed a fix. I did this purposely in jest. "So you can get on with..." I cast my eyes on the singing woman, "this night."
"For a person like you? The last one. Answer the last one."
"What was it?"
"Do you believe in God?" he said gently, like he was talking to a kindergartner, rather than someone who illegally broke into a stranger's house for his soul.
"I won't answer that one." I looked at the blonde again, and she was smiling at me. The other two girls were now standing close to her. The red one placed a hand on her shoulder, and the movement spoke of pure sex.
"Why?" Patrick asked.
"Because you will want a reason, and I don't have quality reasons for anything I do."
"I don't care about reasons."
"Well then," I said, "I won't tell you because you're Catholic."
"What does that mean?"
"You're easily offended."
"So then you don't believe in God?" he asked. "And you won't tell me because you don't want to offend me?"
I started to feel a bit anxious. The crowd of people suddenly felt overwhelming, like a bucket of perfume poured over me. I might start suffocating soon, I thought. "Haven't the things I've already said about fate and the universe given you any indication?" I asked.
"They've given me no indication, because you don't seem like you match what you say."
"I don't understand."
"Yes, you do," he replied like a psychoanalyst. "Your words... your actions... don't fit you," he said louder, battling very gently the other voices in the crowd.
"Oh really? What do you think fits me?"
"Come, please." He asked in a way meant to massage the message from me. "Tell me what you think." He took his arm from the blonde and now touched the back of my left arm gently.
It was like the lighting of a match, what happened in the next few minutes.
Patrick started to ask the question louder and louder. Soon, the crowd started to listen to him. The word "God," for some reason, silenced the people near us fast. Brian - an old friend of his, and a new friend of mine - was close to us. When he heard Patrick almost yell he began watching, concerned. Still, I would not say anything. I stared at Patrick, nonplussed.
"Alright," Patrick finally said matter-of-factly. He looked around at the crowd. His voice had a new, brilliant hue to it. "You answer this question, or...," he pointed at Brian a few feet away from him, "I'm taking Brian's pants off and burning them in the fireplace."
"What the fuck, Patrick?" Brian said from where he stood, his martini gripped delicately in his hand. "I hear you. I am standing right here, and I hear you. There ain't no way you're fucking taking these designer label jeans and burnin' them. You know they beautiful! They've got a soul, Patrick. Jack, just answer his damn question." Now quite a few people surrounding us stared.
I shook my head. "I don't care if you throw Brian in that fireplace. I'm not answering the question."
"Excuse me? What did you say?" said Brian. He cocked his head and placed a hand behind his ear.
"What's a little fire? You know you're going to hell anyway," I replied.
"See? Right there." Brian pointed his beer at me. "A believer."
"That isn't proof," Patrick said.
"Uh huh, it is. These jeans are safe." Brian made invisible circles around his butt with the hand holding the beer.
Patrick walked to me. "Answer that question, or I'm doing it."
I laughed, thinking how he could never pull something like that off in a room full of this many people. "You can't bully someone into seriously answering a question as important and heavy as that one is."
I sat down on the arm of the couch behind me and pulled out a cigarette. I looked to the blonde, and said, "Besides, you have better... things... to be doing." I lit the cigarette. "You'd have a better chance at bullying me over my favorite color," I said as an aside.
"It's going to be chaos. Chaos that you could have stopped," Patrick said with a soft voice, as he inched to my left, towards Brian. He bumped into a few people on the way there. Brian's eyes were widening.
"Patrick, you're being ridiculous," I said, squinting at him.
"How can you live with yourself, Jack? Knowing that you could have saved those designer jeans with a soul? Gucci is going to rain down on you. Hard. 'Fuck!' you'll say. 'Gucci's rainin' hard!'"
"I hate you," I replied.
Brian, I could tell, was thinking about running. His body turned away from Patrick before his eyes ever did. "I am ser-i-ous, Patrick. Don't you come any closer. Don't you do it. I will pour these hors d'oeuvres all over this white carpet," he said pointing to a plate on a stand nearby. "I will do it! Jack, just answer the damn question!"
By now, Patrick was right by Brian who was swatting uselessly at him with a magazine he had grabbed from the coffee table.
Then, BAM! they were both on the white floor. People shot back like they were at a murder scene. The girls squeaked as they scampered away in their heels.
"Motherfucker," said Brian. "Oh, it's on, now. It is on!" He put an arm-hold on Patrick as Patrick was grabbing the waist of Brian's jeans and tugging hard enough to pull them down past his ass. I could see Brian's bare stomach now, and the jeans threatened to slip lower. I thought someone would stop them, but nobody made a move. In fact, some of the group started laughing. Two people entering the loft merely stood and watched while they closed the door.
"Aaahhh!!!" Brian screamed, high-pitched, like a girl. Patrick laughed and turned as red in his face as his hair before he was able to slip out of Brian's lock, and then he grabbed the legs of Brian's pants and pulled hard.
The pants didn't budge, and Patrick ended up dragging Brian across the carpet. People scurried out from behind him. By now I had forgotten about my cigarette, and I sat on the armrest of the couch, frozen, holding it on the tips of my fingers.
"I ain't never gonna forget this!" Brian screamed. "I hate you Patrick!" More laughter from the crowd.
"Look at what you're doing to us, Jack." Patrick said this to me as calmly as would a waiter telling me the specials on the menu. He dragged Brian's wriggling body over the carpet, one slow heave at a time. The others looked from the wrestling men to me, but I didn't move.
Patrick scrambled to the fireplace and pressed the gas on. "And you could have stopped it all," he said, shaking his head like, "Isn't it a shame?"
"No! Noooo!" Brian screamed again like a girl. "I just wanted to go to a party, motherfuckers! God, how does this always happen to me?!"
"Just answer the question, Jack, and all of this ends," Patrick said calmly.
But all of this bedlam was too hilarious for me to end it.
While Patrick held onto Brian's pants with one hand, he grabbed a cigar lighter on the fireplace's white brick seating area and lit the gas. Whoosh! it went.
Now Patrick pounced on Brian. "My God this is gay," I commented.
"Oh yeah?" said Patrick. He glanced at me as he fought with Brian by two women and three men I had never seen before. "Does it offend any moral structure set into you by overly conservative Baptist ministers?" he asked amid grunts and hollers from Brian. "Or does it flatter your liberal tolerance given you by your lesbian Lutheran church leader? Or do you as an atheist or agnostic simply not care, or believe there's no way of knowing if this homosexual facsimile is okay?"
"Just answer the fucking question!" roared Brian, who now, except for his shirt and ankles, was completely bare. His entire face was tense with strain.
"Oh my God, Brian! Why didn't you say you weren't wearing underwear?!" said Patrick, and by this point the entire crowd erupted with laughter. It seemed to go on and on for miles.
"I am! I am!" Brian yelled. "They're in the fucking pants, you asshole! Let me put them on!"
"I can't trust you!" Patrick yelled amid whoops and hollers.
"Yes, you can!"
"No, I can't. I'm just going to have to throw everything in the fire!"
"Noooo! Goddamn you Patrick! You are dead to me!"
Finally, it was over. Patrick ripped Brian's pants off of his legs and plunged them deep into the massive fireplace. Brian didn't even try to save them.
He bolted straight for the kitchen, his ass mooning me and some of the others behind him as he ran. In two seconds, he was through the crowd and back, and he had Patrick's cooking apron on with the image of a woman's body in lingerie on its front. He didn't tie it firm, though, but instead went for the tray of hors d'oeuvres.
"Dinner is served, you sick son-of-a-bitch!" he yelled, and he threw everything across Patrick's immaculately white carpet. There was a collective gasp as sandwiches and sauces splashed like paint on canvas, and then the noodles followed, plopping with the sound of raw meat hitting a cutting board.
Patrick sat on the fireplace's seat, grabbing a poker to stoke the now burning jeans. He looked like a man who was explaining a graph in a business meeting.
"Oh, it ain't over yet!" fumed Brian. He stalked to the kitchen.
"I think he's really angry," I said from where I was sitting.
"Yeah, well, I would be, too," said Patrick. "Now we don't have anything to eat."
The crowd was completely silent, and Brian returned with a bottle of red wine. "A little vino maybe?" Brian said, looking like a naked, half-female, half black-man, half-demon bent on revenge. Never taking his eyes off of Patrick, he removed the stopper and poured the wine in swirls, splattering as much of the carpet as possible. He threw the bottle on the floor, and then he and Patrick just stared at each other, panting.
Finally, Patrick turned to me. "When will the pandemonium end, Jack?" he said. "When will it be enough for you?"
I swallowed the view of the black smoke of the fireplace and the jeans turning to ash, the bloody looking sauce spilled across the white floor, interspersed here and there with purple wine, and then to the crowd and my naked friend, covering himself with the figure of a hot female in black lingerie. I gave in.
"Alright," I said. "Sometimes."
"Sometimes what?" Patrick asked.
"Sometimes I believe in God."
"Now, we are getting somewhere."
There were whispers in and amongst the people, and they floated like feathers fresh from a cockfight. Patrick stepped to me. "I'd love to finish this conversation, but I have a girl to fuck," he said.
He grabbed the wrist of the blonde, and then he turned back and smiled at me. "Unless you'd like to join us?" I looked at him, and he pointed to the red headed girl. "This one I would choose for you." But I replied that I didn't "do" red-heads, making note to look at Patrick's red hair, and after this statement, he turned away from me and grabbed the wrist of the brunette like a man who had almost forgotten to pick a chardonnay off the store shelf to buy. They left for the upstairs, many making the way easy for him by scurrying.
Brian was still panting, but looking less and less angry. He rolled his eyes and came over to the couch. On the cushion close to me he plopped himself, his legs dangerously wide for only a cooking apron covering him.
When the crowd was looking at us less and less, and talking more and more, Brian's panting had stopped, and I asked him if he wanted some pot to take the edge off.
He replied, "I'd appreciate that." I rolled us both a joint.
* * *
It must have been two hours later, and by then the party was in full swing. Brian and I were fairly high, and Patrick blessed us with his presence. He waded through the people and spotted us in the kitchen.
His hair was wet, and the red of it sparkled. He smelled of soap and was wearing a dark grey t-shirt and light gray sweat pants. He motioned for us - both me and Brian to follow. Too stoned to care any longer about Patrick's prior behavior, we went upstairs to his bedroom.
When we got there, the three girls were laying on the bed, but only two of them looked ravished. The third, the red head, looked calm, as though it was just another day at the office. They were passing around a pipe filled with weed.
Patrick sat on the edge of the bed, and the blonde pressed her toes into his back. He touched her leg lovingly, but did not look at her.
I eyed the rosary encased above Patrick's side of the bed.
"Have a seat," he said, and he motioned to the two leather chairs by the fireplace.
In moments, we were in a full swing discussion about God.
"Alls I'm saying is, there is no possible way you can tell if there's a God. No way," Brian said at one point. He still had the apron on, but now he was wearing a towel, as well.
"Why?" I asked.
"Why? Why?! Because there's so much evil in the fucking world, man! You got kids dying of starvation. You got six million Jews being burned and gassed at the concentration camps. You got slavery. Fucking white slave owners killin' and rapin' black people and gettin' away with it for years. And God doesn't come and stop 'em?! Somethin's up with that. It ain't right. Somethin's very wrong here..."
"Of course stuff is wrong here. The Irish, of all people, know that," interrupted Patrick.
"Wrong enough to the point that God's existence would be a surprise."
"I disagree," said Patrick.
"Oh, yeah? How so?"
"I think that if there is a God, no matter what happens here, it can be mended."
"Nuh uh."
"Aye."
"There ain't no fixin' it. How do you fix having forty years of education bein' taken from you? Hm? How do you fix bein' raped and caring for some child you were forced to have? You can't. Your life ain't ever gonna be the same."
"But it's all temporary," said Patrick.
"That don't mean it don't matter."
"That isn't what I'm saying. Hear this. If there is a Heaven, and we do live forever, in a better world, then this isn't our life. That is. And there is no ruining that."
"Then what's this?" Brian swept his hands around in big flapping arches.
"I don't know."
"Hm?"
"I don't know. Maybe it's our death." Patrick's green eyes lively looked round the room.
"See now, Patrick, have you ever heard the saying, 'Don't outsmart your common sense?' 'Cause that's what you just did."
"I don't know. How's an Irishman - even worse, an Irish-American - going to tell you the mysteries of the Universe?"
"That's what I'm saying. You can't know."
Patrick swatted Brian's words away with his hand and took a swig from a bottle of whiskey on the floor beside the bed. "What do you think, Jack?" he asked. "You're the one who started this whole mess to begin with."
"You're a liar, Patrick," said Brian.
"Shh!" Patrick said. Then both of them and the three girls looked at me.
I sighed, and looked at my own glass of whiskey in my palm. "I don't know, I don't know," I said. "In the few years that I've lived, I've seen enough things to certainly believe that there is... something out there."
"What things have you seen?" Patrick asked.
I avoided his eyes. "Death. Things. Just things... And what I've seen," I said, "ultimately makes me think that it's better to believe in a God, whether or not He exists. That, you're right, Brian. The evils here are so... murderous and disparaging. I think that that's why it is actually better to believe in God, even if He is a lie, than to continue to believe in the things that go on here. But... but that doesn't mean that I always do believe in Him."
"Why?" said Brian.
"Certain things hold me back."
"What?" asked Patrick.
I tapped my finger against my glass and bit my lip. I did not want to answer, but I knew there was no keeping silent through this one.
"Because then I don't get to do what I want to do."
Brian nodded and smiled brilliantly. "So, it's your get-out-of-jail free card," he said.
I shrugged, and Brian rolled his eyes.
"Well, you have to choose eventually," said Patrick.
"I know," I said. "But I feel I've got time."
"You know what that tells me?"
"What?"
"That there is something you're holding out for. Something that you have planned."
"Oh, really?" I asked and smiled. I downed the whiskey.
"I know you."
"Yeah?"
"Aye."
"But," I said and stopped. After a few moments, I could feel both of them teetering on edge in waiting for me to speak. "It's pointless," I finally finished. "It's pointless to talk about God."
"How is this pointless?" asked Patrick. The blonde was now running fingers through his hair. He grabbed her arm and put her hand back down on the bed. She sighed and rolled her eyes at him in irritation.
"Whatever God is out there," I said matter-of-factly, "words aren't going to get to Him. They'll circle Him. They'll circle like a planet caught in orbit, but they'll never reach Him."
"What do you mean?"
I looked at Patrick and the girls. "You're not going to fuck with words. You're not going to fly with words. You're not going to save a drowning child with words. You're not going to get to God with words. Nobody will. There's no point in talking about Him."
"Ah," Patrick said, "I see. I see. But here, my friend," and he slapped the bed, "here is where the miracle of whiskey and heroin and cocaine and sex comes in. You drink enough whiskey, and you'll get there. You do enough heroin, and you'll touch the face of God."
"Oh Lord. Patrick's answer is to binge. I should have seen that coming," Brian said.
"Moderation is a fatal thing," replied Patrick. Then, he looked at me as though his gaze was the only thing keeping the world together. "If you want to get to God," he said, "truly, you fuck, and you drink, and you load your body up with so much bliss it can't say no." The girls on the bed laughed. He looked at them, smiled, and then his smile faded. He peered back at me.
"I can't do what you do," I said.
"Have you ever done what I do?" he asked.
Brian shook his head back and forth. "What the fuck are you asking?" Brian said.
"Jack?" Patrick asked, ignoring Brian's question.
"No," I replied. Brian did not understand. The girls did not understand. But we understood, Patrick and I, what he was asking.
* * *
I passed out there on the floor, spent the night across from Brian and Patrick, both of whom were also asleep. The three girls were in the bed. There was a fire in the bedroom's fireplace.
Right before I tried to fall into unconsciousness, I whispered to Patrick, "Why do you want to believe in God?"
He cracked one eye open at me and said, "Oh, you know. So the good people get what they deserve. All children who die get a second chance. All the people who really try and help others, who love, get healthy and strong."
"Ah," I said.
"And so those that have murdered and raped and tortured get to experience that for all eternity."
"You believe in hell?"
"Yes, of course. Of all things, I believe in that." He swallowed, and I heard a click. It was as though we were in another house, in front of another fireplace. "I want that there is a place for people like Hitler, people like... You know, the evil fucking bastards of the world. The ones that go and murder families in their sleep. The ones who do no good, who..." he smiled, "never go under bridges and donate first-hand to the needy. Who never help friends. I hate them." When he said the latter half, he looked far more aware than he did before.
"For all you know, that could be me you're talking about," I whispered.
"No. It could not. I mean the real, real motherfuckers out there."
I did not press the point. "Why do you want... hell so much?" I asked him.
For a long while, he didn't say anything. Then he sighed, squeezed his eyes closed. He turned his face away from me, pushed his forehead into the carpet. "I'm fuckin' tired," he said. "Let's go to sleep." He rolled to his other side.
But I could not sleep at all that night.
* * *
Finally, around five in the morning, I left. It was pitch black outside, and nearly everybody had already gone home. There were a few lingering cars, but not many.
I decided I would walk from Patrick's to my dorm, that perhaps the cool air and bit of exercise would help me sleep by the time I arrived. I pulled my jacket tighter around me and shivered.
As I walked, I thought of Patrick and his question. "Have you ever done what I do?" he had asked. I had not, and I willingly told him. Twenty-two years old. Geez. It bothered me. But I could not tell if it bothered me because I had told him, or because it was true.
I rubbed my numbing face in the dark, and I pulled out my pack of cigarettes and a lighter.
Soon, I was walking through yet another parking lot for a different set of apartments. I brought the cigarette to my mouth and flicked on the lighter, felt the warm flame come alive. Breathed easy. A fucking virgin... and not out of some declaration of abstinence, but because of something far darker. It was so...
Something brushed against my face, and then there was a sharp pain in my throat. My head jerked back so quickly I thought my neck would break. I fell down and backwards. I hit against something hard. I tried to scream, but my throat was too tight.
I grabbed at my neck with my hands. My fingernails scraped against thin wire. This is it! I thought.
And then there was something in my mouth. It cut into the ends of my lips like a burning saw and then I could feel it winding around my head. My hands were jerked down and pinned behind me. I opened my eyes.
There were three figures in the dark, and then nothing. My head was shoved into a bag, and then I was pushed. I didn't fall onto concrete, but something slightly softer. My legs were pushed towards me, and then I heard a thud, and I knew. I was in the trunk of a car.
The tires did not screech, but soon we were moving quickly. I thought of Cyrus. I knew it was him. It had to be him.
No! It wasn't him, but the others. They had come for me - four years later - but they had come. I screamed.
Not a soul was there to hear me.

Chapter 20
THE DESTRUCTION OF FAITH
Ever since that first night, when I brought those men, women, and children back to the world of the living, I had yearned to do it again, and when Cyrus said that we were to murder a Minister's family for the sake of the box, I could not help but feel a little glee. It was not just that I finally had a route to disobeying Cyrus, or that returning souls felt just as fulfilling as cutting them away, but something in me was completed in those moments. When I was complete, I didn't need drugs to overcome the darkness.
I could be close to murder and death, and yet I made them shine and disappear. I fell in love with the completion.
I did not stop Cyrus as we treaded in the darkling night to the suburban home, where the wife and children slept, and I said not a word as I watched him slit their throats, one by one, silently, letting the white sheets turn black. I couldn't have stopped him, had I wanted to. He would have destroyed me just as cleanly as those young girls in the woods.
Instead, I remained silent, appeared to him nothing more than the usual Jack with the cuspate knife and the sparkle of blood in my eye. But inside, I stroked that warmth in the pit of my stomach - I petted the new power. It was a poison that undid his work, but as a poison it could only thrive if unseen and unheard.
He suspected nothing.
After Cyrus was through with killing the family, He, Alex, and I went to the cafe as usual to drink our coffees and eat gritty bacon and crunchy peppers and potatoes in the dark night.
Maria was there as usual, taking our orders, awaiting Cyrus's hundred-dollar tip. The silver owl clock ticked away the minutes, and I surveyed its silver wings, noting that soon they would rise and fall. Very shortly after they flapped, I would return to the minister's home, knife forgotten, and resurrect them all.
As we sat and talked, I licked my lips not from the food, but from the sweetness I knew I would feel in just a few hours, when Cyrus and Alex were asleep, and I could steal Cyrus's car and stall the "destruction of faith" that Cyrus so desperately wanted to commit.
"I'm sorry I doubted you," Cyrus said to me in the bright red plastic booth.
I smiled at him. "We all have our moments of weakness," I said, half in jest, all in seriousness.
"I apologize for trying to have you killed," he continued, "by giving you to that shining monster in that house. I am glad that he didn't do away with you. I'm also, I must say, curious as to why."
I gulped down a morsel of unease with my coffee. "Why what?" I asked.
"Why didn't he kill you? We have been at war forever. Usually, when he has the chance, he gets rid of my favorites. This time, it seems, he strangely failed."
"Maybe he knew I wasn't your favorite anymore."
Cyrus shook his head 'no.' "You still are."
I dabbed the corners of my lips with a napkin. "Maybe I am too young for him; he doesn't seem to have the same tastes as you, after all."
Cyrus tilted his head as though considering this. "Only if by young, you mean something else. Age doesn't matter to him, necessarily. He does not fight for what we fight for. He does not think the way we think."
"Who is he?" I asked.
"Someone who could have just as easily been on our side, but chose otherwise." He sighed. "Someone I can never get rid of. Someone who would, believe it or not, be greatly useful to me in his pieces."
I thought of the cracks in the man's body, and I wondered, suddenly, if he was indeed a living, breathing human pottery as I had first imagined. I counted again the brilliant cuts in his skin slicing all the way through him. "Why?" I asked.
"You break a piece of him off, and it's like you have programmable lightning. Cutting him apart would be like an endless Christmas holiday, with gift after gift after gift."
I felt the warmth stir in my stomach, an illness deluge me. I did not like the way Cyrus spoke of the brilliant stranger, even if that stranger had cut me open and sewed within me something against my will. In many ways, Cyrus had done the same surgery, but with a far more painful, messy, and debilitating method.
"I would like to make sure," said Cyrus, "that I am not wrong."
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"I would like to make sure that he didn't save you for your innocence, or would be innocence."
I noticed the twinkling yellow lights of the cafe suddenly, and how great their glare and hum became, like my blood was suddenly filled with pure oxygen. Exaggerated was the warmth of Alex beside me and the tinkling of his fork and knife against his plate. I wanted to take his instruments and stab him.
"How are you going to make sure?" I asked.
"You're going to kill the next family on your own. Alex and I will watch, but you will be the one to do it - slit their throats one-by-one, even the children."
I shook my head as though trying to shake off his words. "What will this prove?"
"That even if there was something in you not like us, worth his saving, there won't be anymore. What we need to do is excise. Just once. Then, you can leave it all again to me as your leader."
In my unease, I touched my lips with one of my fingers and felt the dry skin like it was scales. I plucked a piece off, but it seemed another scale slid into its place, and I felt suddenly that all of the actions in all of the world were useless - that we always come back to where we started.
"It's no problem," I told him, "to do what you ask." He smiled and touched my hand.
"Tomorrow night, then," he replied. My stomach recoiled as his fingers gripped mine gently, and when I could do so without seeming impolite, I pulled my hand away.
The silver clock ticked, and the owl's wings stretched out at the strike of two with two flaps. Cyrus excused himself, left the booth, and walked towards the restroom, and as he did, I said to Alex turning to look at his blonde head, "Lucky you, you've never had to do a damned thing."
"I do lots of things," he replied, characteristically wicked. "Just in a very specific place, with a very specific people."
I exhaled a disgusted laugh and said, "I'll never understand you."
"That's because you've never had sex."
"We kill, Alex. That's our sex."
"I don't kill."
"That's right," I replied, dropping my fork, sounding as though I had been suddenly reminded, though I had never forgotten. "I suppose we're both virgins."
This did not sit well with him. He leaned close to my ear, and he whispered to me his condescension. In the midst of his insults, I watched Cyrus exit the restroom, and Alex's words came to me with the beat of Cyrus's step. "You think you're so much better than me, but you're not.
"People think you're strong, but really, you're just sly. Without a gun or a knife, you're nothing. Without our family, you would have been raped and dead long ago, just a hollow whore in the ditch we'd drive past - a junkie without a cause. You're practically a puff away from not existing. That's what you'll always be. Killing men does not make you any different from that. People kill each other every day. It's nothing special, just like you."
Cyrus squeaked into the red booth, and Alex leaned away from me and reclined next to the window as though we had not spoken.
"Are we ready to go?" Cyrus asked.
"If you are," I replied, as pleasantly and agreeably as I could. I looked to Alex, and he smiled.
But as we three evil-doers sauntered to the car, I stayed two steps behind Alex the whole way, realizing that, though there was something deep down inside me that lusted for, and now could accomplish, the full-circle completion of life to death to life, there were some people that I would never have return.
There were times when not being complete would fill my need - when failure to resurrect would be a pleasure.
I pictured a lepidopterist's collection. I saw a room filled with thousands of butterflies with shimmering blue and amber wings, small yellow ones, and brilliant orange.
Then, I imagined the magical lepidopterist himself who, with a strange power not his own, could bring these butterflies back to life, watch them crowd his office like bumbling confetti.
Every butterfly he would make soar - all but one, that is. The poisonous one - if there was such a thing as a poisonous butterfly - would be the one more wondrous dead. Alex was such a poisonous butterfly.
I would love to have Alex as my victim, I thought, as the precious victim that would never return. Yes, though I had full satisfaction in the full circle - of the swing from up to down and then all around - there were times when not satisfying that circle would be satisfying. This was one of those times when magic was not needed, only the hard, cold tool of reality.
And the knife, yes. And the gun.
* * *
As Cyrus lay in his bed, I crept out, took his car, and drove to the Minister's home.
Their corpses were heaped on the marble kitchen floor - three children and the mother - and I thought back to just hours before, when Cyrus slit their throats, sacrificed them to the boxed god he now worshipped, and practically skipped with joy as he reiterated to both Alex and me how the husband would return, his faith for the next few days shattered, and that we would revisit the home and kill him. We would send him to hell. It was, in a way, hell on top of hell. Hell-squared.
I knelt to the shiny black marble tile that reflected the moonlight through the floor-to-ceiling windows, and my knees instantly grew cold and wet in their blood.
I held my hand over the woman's face and brushed the hair from her eyes. I opened my hand wide and brought it close to her, flexed within myself the desire to resurrect, and I saw the woman's green eyes shift up towards my hand, just as the children had done before in the woods, just as the families on Cyrus's land. The ball of my stomach grew warm.
In one swift movement, I touched her cheek and those same eyes came alive, her mouth parted in a deep gasp, and she leaned over to her side while looking wildly in every direction.
What did you do? she whispered. It sounded violent, accusing. In her emotion I nearly forgot my confidence; yet, when I heard my own voice begin to respond, it swiftly returned.
Ive brought you back.
Back? She looked to the ground at her own blood on the tile, her right hand lightly clawing at it, and then to her children beside her.
Oh God. Her left arm went to her left side and then neck, checking for the previous wounds. Oh God, you brought me back.
Yes. I did. I leaned forward and crouched closer to her level, my shoes squeaking on the floor.
"Who are you?" she asked, and her eyes drank me in.
I nearly stuttered, stupidly. I hadn't planned what to say.
Her breaths billowed out before her as she looked incredulously at me. She shook her head. "Who the hell are you?! What... Where was I?"
"You were dead," I said. "I... I came to bring you... and your children... back."
The woman looked behind her wildly and saw her children on the floor. "Oh my God," she said. She crawled to them and grabbed at each of them, unable to decide if she should touch them, and then she pulled both towards her. "Oh my God, hurry."
"No," I replied, and she turned to me. "No, we need to clean this place before I bring them to."
The woman peered at me as though not understanding. She shook her head back and forth.
"I swear to you, I am here to return them to you. But they don't need to see all of this. We need to clean everything."
She pelted me with questions then, her brain like a person's just waking from a black out. "Who are you?" she asked, and then, "Who did this to us?"
I stood, but I did not answer her.
"Are you an angel?" she asked, breathlessly.
I said, "I'm not anything. I'm not anybody. I'm not what you could possibly guess that I am. More importantly, I do not have all the time in the world." I stepped to her quickly and knelt down. It startled her.
I touched her arm. "Help me clean this, so I can give you your children back."
We cleaned. I took the sheets back to Cyrus's and burned them, but not before we washed the children, not before we tucked them back into their beds, not before I saw their blue eyes waken, as if from a bad dream, their cold bodies suddenly hot and full of energy, and not before she thanked me.
As I left their home, she stung me with the words, "You are so miraculous. Thank you. Thank you. God is so good. I thank Him for sending you to me." She was clawing at my arm and holding me close. By then, the memories of what had happened returned to her, and tears streamed down her face.
As I was leaving, "You must be a guardian angel," she said.
I whispered to her again, "I am nothing. Believe me."
At her front door, stepping into the night, I whispered, "Never speak of this, or the death will return." This was not true, but nevertheless I said it. She nodded her head in assent.
"I'll never doubt Him again," she said as I stepped onto her porch and out into the cool air. This sentence made me pause, but no response felt safe to speak.
I made sure my knife was snug in my pocket as I walked back to Cyrus's car, bundles of clothing and sheets to burn under my arm.
There are no such things as angels, I thought to myself as I walked that path. There is only Cyrus, those who follow him, and those who sneak around him. Everything is a backwards dealing, a script where errors are miracles, and corrections are only a bullet away.
As for good works, they are dangerous and impossible. Only the likes of demons can successfully complete them, and they know not wholly what they do.

Chapter 21
A DIFFERENT BREED
There was the trunk, and then the next moments felt so long, so horrible, and I began to imagine in excruciating detail what would happen to me. I felt the knives slice into my belly, crisscross, and come back to center, before they even touched me.
I tried to pull the cuffs to the front of me, but they were bound as well at my waist. I thought I might suffocate with the cord wrapped in my mouth, and then I pictured myself vomiting, choking, dying, before they could even cut into me. I told myself I should want to vomit. That it would be quick.
When the trunk opened, I psychically reached out for cool air, but I couldn't feel anything except hands as they pulled me out like a doll from a case. They grabbed my hair and held it as though it was the strings to controlling me. And then I was pushed, walked, walked, and then stopped. I had entered a room. A small one, for I could hear echoes against close walls, and then a finger barely pushed me back, just enough so that I fell. I hit something hard and was sitting.
Then, the bag over my head was pulled away and nearly at the same time, the gag was pulled from my wet mouth.
When I could see again, I looked savagely at them, peering into eyes, eyes, everywhere. Five pairs of them, but none that I knew! They were cold, they were numb, they were experienced eyes. They were unfeeling, but they were not my kind of unfeeling. They did not belong to me or my past. No Cyrus, no Alex, no Marcus, no Greg.
I relaxed and looked dead center.
Before me was a square, dark-wood table, and on the other side of it a man. He was older, but not more than in his forties. He was graying early. His face was round, his hair wavy, perfectly cut. Trim. He looked crisper than even the table. He was adorned with a black leather jacket that was zipped to his throat. He had laid his hands out on the table, almost like a card reader. There was a file between them.
"Calm down," he said to me. "You can rest assured that we will not hurt you... tonight."
It was at that moment I realized I was panting, and I tried drawing my dry tongue into my mouth and closing it, but it was impossible. I looked away from him and leaned back against the chair, breathing deep, trying to return my perception to normal. I looked to the ceiling and it was all exposed pipe.
"Now, now, don't shut down on me," the man said. "Would you like a smoke?"
I looked back to him and gave the barest of nods. "The whole pack."
His laughter was velvety and deep. "We have liquor, too."
There was a bang, and sure enough, there was a glass in front of me and a very small, unopened bottle of whiskey.
"James, remove the cuffs. I don't think we'll have any problems with... you go by Jack?"
There was a pause. I nodded.
I leaned forward, and with a little effort, James unbuckled me. I pulled my hands around to the front of me and lit a cigarette that had appeared with a lighter. I just sat there and smoked and smoked, and then he spoke to me.
"Not once did you scream. Why?"
I didn't know why, and I told him so. "It never occurred to me."
"Hm," he said. "Are you sure that's why?"
"What else would it be?"
He said nothing. Then, "You should learn how to scream. It might save you one day."
I did not respond.
"Jack, do you have a brother?"
"No," I said. "I'm an only child."
"Well, that's not true." He smiled. "After all you have a sister, age sixteen, named Samantha. She lives not too far from here."
I grimaced. "Why would you know about her?"
"I know everything about you. Absolutely everything. I just want to know what you know about yourself."
I took another drag on my cigarette. There were two very imperative questions I wanted to ask him, but I could only ask one of them. Finally, I settled on, "Why would you know everything about me?"
"Truthfully? Because I want to. You... interest me. When I was first told about you, I merely looked at online articles, but then the oddity, sheer oddity, of your story made me want to know more. Now that I've finally met you, you are just as intriguing."
"What is your job?" I asked.
"Now, now. Let's keep the questions on you."
I took another shaky drag.
"Who is your father, Jack?"
"I have no father."
"Please, take me seriously."
I paused. "I don't know."
"I do."
I looked at him and stopped breathing. Those two words were like a smooth cream that dipped in between my fingers and ribs and ran along the contours of my spine. I was still afraid, but my body could no longer know it.
"Now, I have your attention, don't I?" he said. With that, he slid the folder from his side to me. "I want you to read this."
I did.
It was a set of instructions. A recipe, really. Take a person, put them on a block of wood, nail her hands and feet to that block. Slit her from throat to genitals, but do not kill her. Cut one six-pointed star in each breast. Wait for the blood to flow. When she is slick with it, open her up. Reach into her abdomen and pull out her uterus. Slice it open, and splay it out. Make sure she sees. Make sure she knows that this is for her sins. If she loses consciousness, use smelling salts to revive her. Skin her. Start by cutting her at the waist and pulling strips of skin up past her head. Do this slowly..."
I didn't read the rest. I didn't need to. I knew what came next. I had seen it before.
I looked back at the man in front of me.
"We were supposed to do something very similar to this to you tonight," he said. "We were paid two hundred thousand to do it."
One might think that this would fill me with fear, but it did not. I simply felt sick and weary.
"Are you going to read the rest?" he asked.
"I know what it says. Skinning. Dismemberment. Beheading. I know."
He said, "Yes. So you are familiar."
I waited for him to say more, but he did not. "Are you going to do it?" I asked.
"No." He said this simply.
"Why not?" I whispered.
"Our employer is far less interested who these instructions were intended for and far more interested in who gave them."
"You don't know?"
"Why would we? Jobs like these are anonymous. Always anonymous."
"But you know about me. You say you know who my father is. I don't even know who my father is. Don't you have some sort of resources?"
He flipped his hands out to the dank walls beside us. "These are our resources." He said this slowly, lovingly.
There was a long pause as I crushed the cigarette out on the table and lit another one. "Do you know who wrote the letter?" he asked me.
"Why does your employer want to know?" I asked softly. I did not think he would tell me, but he did.
"Someone he knew was murdered this way. About a year ago." The man tapped the table such that he pointed to the file before me. "We were never able to find who did it. This, you understand, was lucky... for you. So lucky. At least for a little while longer, it means you get to live. And that if we do kill you, it won't be so ornate a thing."
I sat there thinking about that, and truly, I was grateful, for it was torture that I feared, not death. I even almost said 'thank you.' Instead I took a drag off of my second cigarette and held the nicotine in until I was sweating.
"So do you know who wrote it?" he asked.
"Yeah," I said. "I know."
"Who is it?"
"A very sadistic, blonde-haired, blue-eyed boy by the name of Alexander Harper."
"Cyrus's son, then?" the man asked. "The one who tortured animals in the woods, including the old family pet? The one who tried to rape you?"
I peered at the man through the smoke of my cigarette. "How do you know that?"
"How do you think?"
I paused. "You've read all of the hospital records. I think you've listened to the recordings of me and..." I thought of Dr. Newsom and felt a shred of nostalgia amidst the anxiety, "my Doctor." This man made me sick with his knowledge of me.
"I told you you interested me Jack."
I paused. "Why?" I feared the answer.
"Because you seem to me, at least in how these files paint you, to be so perfectly on the border.
"In my experience, there are, usually, only two types of people in the world. There are the ones who, if you will so kindly excuse the biblical reference, really do take the apple from the snake. And their bites are hearty. Their chin is always dripping with the juice. And that juice, over time, turns to blood. Yet, they keep on eating. They learn to like it.
"On the other hand, there are those who run from the snake. They never look back, and they never try anything that even remotely looks like an apple. They have no taste for it. They recognize a jug of blood when they see it.
"But every once in a while, I come across someone like you. Someone who, if they were set into the garden, and the snake came upon them, they would never eat, yet never run. Rather, they'd say to the snake, 'Keep talking, because this moment is the moment. I'll never say yes to you, I'll never say no. Just let me sit here, right here. That is my pleasure.' Where you get pleasure is in the border that divides. Not many get it, get you, but I do."
After a moment I asked, "What kind of a person are you?"
He chuckled. All five of them in the room chuckled. "My dear Jack," he said. "I have been eating for a very, very long time. You are in a room full of people who live under the apple tree. Just like you've always been."
He smiled at me, then said, "But you can appreciate that. After all, it comes with the territory of being on the border."
I looked at him and thought that he was right, far more than he could ever understand. I asked him, curious what he would say, "If you have seen my file, and seen the body count I left behind, how could you ever say that I was 'on the border?'"
"That's a good one," he said. "But the question, you'll learn with time, is never, 'What have I done?' or 'What has everybody seen me do?' The question is, instead, 'What would I have rather done?' Or, perhaps more aptly for you, 'Why am I not Alexander Harper?' You were raised the same way, after all. Or trained the same way. So, why are you Jack and not Alex?"
The question struck me silent, and I did not know how to answer it.
"In addition," he said, "there's something that the Doctor and the court missed."
"Missed?" I asked.
"Yes, it's rather odd. You reported two-hundred and three people being killed by Cyrus, but Cyrus reported - and yes, he did keep records of these deaths, believe it or not - two-hundred and thirteen." This man then listed the names for me, and I could feel my heart beginning to pound as he continued. "Cyrus said he killed them all one night. The three girls were in a sacrifice, and the rest with a 'word.' Seems impossible."
"It is," I said. "Cyrus must have been high that night."
The man nodded his head, but it did not appear to be in agreement. "Or maybe it's something else. The fact that you would have a correct number of bodies, and a man so exacting and relentless as Cyrus would have a false number seems odd. It's made even odder by the fact that these people were tracked down by authorities, and they are indeed alive and well."
My mouth was suddenly dry again, and I took a long drag on my cigarette, which made it all the more unbearable. I never veered away from his eyes, but behind my gaze was a brain racked with the surprise that Cyrus had ever kept a journal of his kills.
"An odd little inconsistency," he continued, "a strange slip of reality unaccountable in the numbers. It makes me wonder... what the explanation could possibly be."
The air stiffened and turned stale between us as I sat and mulled over his words, but as I was thinking, he asked me quite suddenly, "Is there anyone else it could be?"
It took me a second to realize what he meant, and I said, "Oh," then, "No," then, "Wait," then "Yes."
"Who?"
"Anybody remotely related to the cult."
"I thought the cult was dead."
I looked at him, confused. "It will never be dead, I don't think. Cyrus had many followers that never lived with or near him. I am... fairly certain Alex is with some of them. They would want me dead as much as Alex would. Still, I'm fairly certain it is Alex."
"Why would they want you dead this way?" the man asked, looking in the file.
"It's a ritual."
"What ritual?"
I thought of his employer, how this might upset him, even though I found all of Cyrus's old 'rituals' meaningless. "It doesn't matter," I replied.
"Tell me."
I sighed. "It's not important."
"I won't ask again, Jack."
This was not worth losing fingers over. I grimaced and said, "It's to cut off the line. The biological line. The idea is that, somehow, if this ritual is done, there will be a domino effect. One by one by one, the family dies off so that there is no more setting down roots in the world. The line can't continue."
The man eyed me in what seemed a curious way.
"Your employer shouldn't believe it," I said. "It's just... the Kool-Aid talking."
He didn't respond.
There was a long silence as he stared at a corner of the room, thinking, I believe, on what I had said, and I knew this was my only chance to state what had been on my mind.
"If it is Alex Harper, though, I want to be the one to kill him."
"You don't get a say." He sounded like a professor dismissing a student. He didn't even look at me.
I felt irritated, angry. "You have no idea how much hell I have been through over him."
"No, remember. I know. I know everything."
"There are things that I have never told anyone," I said. "Things you don't know. He's mine to kill."
"Let it go, Jack. That would be best for you." The last sentence had a hint of warning in it, and so I said no more, but my body screamed. I felt my blood, which had cooled in our conversation, begin to course through me again like magma. Alex was mine. They had no right to take him away from me. The man added, "Besides, we can do a much better job of killing him. A longer job. A more ornate one." That did not wholly comfort me.
"Here it is, Jack," the man said, and he took the file from the table in his hands. "The rules of our engagement, so to speak. If you talk about us to anyone, if you go to the authorities, we will kill you. If you leave town, we will kill you. You are to stay at school and go to your dorm and Patrick's, if you'd like. Your normal locations. You are to go about your days like this never happened. And, eventually, we will contact you again. The plan is to set up a meeting with the person who hired us to kill you - or at least someone representing the person who did so - and when we do meet, we want you there."
"And I have no choice."
"Of course. You have no choice."
I sighed and marveled at just how calm I had become. This was natural, I felt; I was more comfortable in that room than I had felt in years. That depressed me more than anything else.
"And Jack," the man said, "You know who your father is."
I looked to him and shook my head. "I don't."
"Don't play games with me," he replied. "You do."

Chapter 22
RUPTURE
Two nights later, it was the same routine. I did exactly as Cyrus had asked. He brought both Alex and me to another religious leader's house, and though I will not describe what happened at Minister Sloan's in great detail here, I indeed committed the slaughter. I showed my loyalty and killed off - as Cyrus said - whatever was in me that was salvageable to that brilliant stranger. It was the most wicked procedure I ever endured at my own hand.
We went to the cafe again. Cyrus had his trinket - one of the little boy's toy cars - and he was inspecting the rubber wheels as we ate. He remarked upon the toy's fine quality and pushed it along the counter.
I sipped my coffee and noticed a few splotches of blood on the arm of my jacket.
"When do we kill the Minister?" I asked, referring to the husband and father of the first family that Cyrus had killed - the one I had resurrected.
"Soon," he replied.
"I think we should kill him at the church," I said.
"Why?" he asked, finally ignoring the toy car.
In reality, it was because I did not want him returning to the home and finding all of them peacefully alive and happy - that his arduous work had been undone.
"It makes a better statement," I replied, "to crack him in a place where one is not supposed to crack."
Cyrus nodded his head, smiling as though he was pleased. "I agree."
It was settled, and I was relieved.
* * *
That night, just like with the first family, I swooped to the Sloans' hours after Cyrus, Alex, and I visited the cafe. I stole Cyrus's car yet again, and I crept back into the house the way we had exited - through the front door. It was another suburban home - large, fresh, new, and sleek.
I slipped quietly into the long hallway and towards the light that was shed from a large room to the left - the Sloans' living room - and when I arrived, the bodies lay exactly as I had left them.
This is my work I realized. And if it were not for my ability to resurrect them, I couldn't have done it, I thought. Or could I?
I rubbed a hand hard against my head, trying to massage understanding from myself, but nothing helpful arrived, only more questions. Was the ability to bring people back from death suddenly permission to kill everyone, even women, even children, even the pure, just like the box had wanted, since, at the end of it all, I could undo what was done?
Was the man with stars in his body indeed at war with Cyrus, or was he a tool that Cyrus used to help further convince me to do things that I would never normally do? Was he like Roland when I was a child? And just what was Roland?
I sunk to my knees, feeling the chaos buckle. I did not know up from down anymore. I did not know the lies from the truth. I couldn't even separate life from death in my head anymore. It was all an unidentifiable blob of reality.
No, I suddenly thought. No, there is one thing that I understand. I can bring them back. Yes, there was a rock amidst the endless ocean. There was an ability that I could exercise, even if I did not know what reason the Universe might want me exercising it.
I could use this power because I wanted to. I had the power to resurrect, the power to kill, the power to do both or either or neither. In action, there was meaning, and I meant to act.
I reached my hand towards the Minister's wife on the floor, and just as I was about to touch her, I heard a voice.
"What are you doing?" it said.
I looked up and across the living room to its end. From the dark hall that lead to the bedrooms, out walked Cyrus.
"I'm..." I started, but I had nothing to finish the sentence with, and so I stopped, feeling a weighty hand of defeat crush me. I retreated from Mrs. Sloan's corpse and sat back quietly on my heels.
Cyrus began walking around the room, as though a shark considering to circle. "You know, I went back to the Rileys' tonight. Don't know why, just did. Had an inkling that there might be something interesting to see.
"Sure enough, I looked in their windows and, for a dead family, they're surprisingly active. There's an alarm system in there now. It sounded as soon as I opened the door. Could have silenced it. But I didn't. I realized they weren't worth killing again. At least, not while you're still here." Cyrus stopped close to me. His hands were clasped behind his back. His gray hair was piercingly silver in the light - the color of a blade.
"Is there something you'd like to tell me, Jack?" Cyrus asked.
I shook my head back and forth. There was no point in saying a word. He knew. I knew he knew. This was all pointless. And now, right by that dead family, he was going to kill me.
I saw movement from the dark hallway again, and it was Alex. He stepped into the living room.
I tried to bolt. I failed.
Cyrus was upon me, straddling me, and beating me. He was yelling curses that I could not process, for the pain was striking and everywhere. I perceived Alex walking around near us and then pausing to watch.
After a great length of time, I was seeing black dots and I could not cough out any words to Cyrus except, "Stop!" but he never said a word, just continued to hit me and punch me, and though I kicked him, I was in no position to easily advance, and so my only choice was to let the blows descend.
I remember hearing Alex say something. I did not know just what at first, but then he said it again, louder, with the sound of dis-ease. "The blood is... smiling, Dad." And then, just a short time later, "Dad... the children are sliding out of the room. Dad!" Then, a door slammed in the distance. Yet, Cyrus continued his rampage against me.
Finally, there was another yell. It was Alex's.
As he yelled, my eyes shot open to see a hand climb over Cyrus's right shoulder, clutch the lapel of his jacket like a silver claw, and pull him back. A face appeared beside my maniacal leader's neck, and it was that of Lezlie Sloan's. I gasped.
The eyes were green. The skin was taut, bloody, and the teeth were jagged like fishing hooks. I've gone insane I thought, but I still kicked at Cyrus and pushed myself away. When I was free, I scurried backwards against the wall.
Cyrus fought with the thing, scraping against the arms of Sloan's wife, but they would not budge, and as she looked at me and grinned with her fishhook teeth cutting her lips, she slowly and delicately, as though placing the last Ace atop a four-tier card castle, pierced her teeth into Cyrus's lily white neck, as he - for the first time in my entire life - screamed like a mortal man.
"Die!" he shrieked, but she continued to chew and grind and nip at him, his skin now caught within the barbs of teeth. It stretched like warm cheese.
I whispered to myself, "She's already dead. You can't kill her." He continued to scream the word, though, and I did not move.
What I wanted was to run to him, to hold him down, let this monstrous thing sink itself further into him, but I was too terrified to do anything but watch. I thought it would kill him. I hoped it would.
But Lezlie Sloan - or whatever it was within her - let him go. Her teeth unfastened, and though much of his skin was still stuck within those teeth, Cyrus pulled away, snapping the last cords that bound him to her. He pulled back, fearfully, not menacing, and that was the first time I had ever seen terror in his face.
The thing spoke in a gritty, demonic voice. "Bit off a bit more than you can chew?"
She smiled, the pieces of Cyrus's skin hanging like spaghetti across her chin.
I watched as Cyrus swung himself down, slamming his hands that had been holding his neck to his face, and bending over as a bucket of blood dropped from him. When he rose again, his nose was bleeding like a faucet spilling water. I looked to Alex, and he, too, was dropping blood all over the front of his shirt. I touched my nose. I was fine.
Cyrus and Alex bolted from the room and I heard them rush from the house. I wanted to run, to follow them, but this ugly demon stood between me and the door.
Though it seemed insane, in the back of my mind I also knew that I had come there with a job to do, and it was not yet done. I did not want to leave without bringing the children back.
I eyed the monster before me, watching its green eyes observe me, and I saw the blood run down its chin. It grinned. I felt shivers course over my body, and I had to fight every impulse to turn away, to sink down and quiver, to melt into the floor.
But then in a breath, yes, just one breath, the colors of Lezlie Sloan intensified, and then there was no more blood, no sharp teeth, no stringy skin, no anything. She was just a woman, but at the same time realer. She wasn't a woman at all.
I held out my hands to her, as though to protest. She cocked her head and smiled delicately. "Jack, not everything wondrous in this world is against you." She sounded human again, not disturbing or supernatural, just normal.
"Why didn't you kill him?" I asked.
"That's not my job," she replied.
I considered this. "I'm so sorry I killed her," I said. "And the children. But I was coming here to bring you... them, I mean, back."
"I know," she said. "And that's what you're going to do." She stepped away from me, making her way towards the darkened hallway and the bedrooms. As she stepped, the blood disappeared from the house.
She turned to me, and she beckoned with her hand. It reminded me ever so slightly of Meredith's hand in my room that terrible night.
Still terrified, I followed, but at a distance.
When we arrived at the master bedroom, both children were cleaned of blood, tucked within the covers of the bed. Only the slits at their throats remained. I looked at my reddened hands, the hands that could heal them, and the blood on them seemed out of place.
Lezlie Sloan motioned towards the children, and I touched each of their foreheads, bringing them back to life. They slept soundly.
"Cyrus is a hard one to clean up after," she said to me. "But we do it all the time."
I watched her climb into the bed beside the children, her clothing and skin now just as spotless as theirs. "Cyrus will hurt you now, you know," she said, pulling the covers tight across her chest, "so much more than he ever has. But you do have to go back."
"I don't want to. I... I can't," I said, shivering.
She looked at me as though she pitied me. "We must all do things we do not want to do. But for some of them, if we do them right, we never have to do them again.
"Besides, if you do not return to him, he will find you."
"What can I do?" I asked her.
"Find help," she said quietly.
She closed her eyes, and as I watched, her skin began to gray along her arms. She solidified along her chest and neck, up to her face. Finally, her whole body was still, gray, and frozen with rigor. The corpse was no longer possessed.
I touched the woman, felt the rush from me enter her, and then she was laying there, sleeping, warm, heated, as though the entire night had never happened.

Chapter 23
THE SHARKS THAT DON'T BITE
According to Cyrus, there is not and never will be a moment in the world as inglorious as that night.
I was proud of that failure, of course, and he knew. Cyrus knew everything, and before he ever spoke to me about it, he beat me for it.
Down in the basement he brought me, after they had dashed away from the Sloans', and I had followed.
Cyrus said so clearly, pouring his liquid lines over me, "Let's not hasten this. We have all the time in the world."
I don't think the blood ever goes away after a good beating. I'll heal any day now.
He strung me up like a piece of meat. My arms were tied overhead, and it seemed like the light bulb was swinging, but it was me.
Afterwards, my muscles were so swollen that my hands were numb for days, and I could not carry a plate of food or walk for a good week. Even now, my shoulders still pop occasionally, deep within the creases. My right knee will never be the same. My jaw aches on cold days. Though, it is what it is. And nobody lives forever.
But it seemed Cyrus thought I would, lest he beat the immortality from me. I remember one of his followers being downstairs at the beginning. He looked away after Cyrus's first few swings. Then, he left. Only Alex watched through and through, recording every moment.
As for Roland, he did not know what was happening until I had already lost consciousness, and when I woke, I was in a bed, and he was there with me.
As soon as I saw him, I said, "There is no more point to any of this anymore. He is going to kill me."
"He is not. Shhhh. We will talk about this later. But for now, just sleep," he cooed. I cried, for the first time in forever, and then I did fall asleep, yet again.
It was by the fifth day that the deep pit of sickness in my stomach slackened. Roland was feeding me soup and pouring water into me. He kept the light low and the covers thin on the bed. I only got up to piss.
Two days later, I awoke fully, sat upright in bed, and stared straight at my old friend as he rested in a velvet cream chair across from me.
"I'm sorry I didn't tell you before," I said, referring to my ability to return the dead. "I wish I had... I'm like you, now, aren't I?"
"Yes and no," he replied.
I thought of the cross that Roland had given me all those years ago, when we had first began - the one that was shriveled into a ball. "When I met that man in the woods, your cross straightened," I told him. "It was in my pocket, and after I ran from the house, I felt for it. It was flat and perfect. But it's shriveled again." I looked round the room for it and saw that he had placed it on the nightstand next to the bed. I fondled it.
"Tell me. What you are?" I asked. "Help me understand."
Roland closed his eyes and sighed. "I am incapable of explaining it all or myself entirely," he said, "but I will give you what I know.
"Like you, a long time ago, I was sent to kill the one with fire in his veins. When I did, I failed, and he cut me open, put something inside me. It has been there ever since.
"When I returned to Cyrus, he killed me for failing, but instead of remaining dead, I returned... and returned. In my survival, in this house, I became a tool."
"How?" I asked, and Roland opened his eyes. He spoke not a word, and I knew he was waiting for me to realize.
"You mean teaching me?" I asked.
Roland nodded. "Turning you." He smiled. "It was a brilliant idea at the time - one that I gave Cyrus, just like the bright stranger suggested I do, and with it I handed over these unforeseen consequences.
"Originally, Cyrus assumed it was simple - that the bright man had cursed me. I will, as long as I live, suffer and suffer, be brought to the cusp of peace in death, and then returned to be killed again. I am doomed to an eternity of deaths." Roland looked down at his hands and rubbed them together wearily. "There wasn't a switch to turn it off.
"I don't get to control it, unlike you. I don't get to choose not to return, and I don't get to bring back others, either. What the bright stranger gave you is something different, but part of the same plan to keep Cyrus's efforts from coming to fruition."
"What plan?" I asked.
"It should be obvious to you now, Jack. He wasn't trying to curse me - at least, not entirely. He planted me to make you - to make a killer who craves resurrecting just as much as killing, to undo Cyrus's last seventeen years, potentially destroy thousands of Cyrus's little plans before he became truly powerful.
"And, of course, to restore a conscience as much as he could to a soul who was taught never to have one.
"I just wish Cyrus had not realized for a bit more, because now, well..." Roland trailed off. He began again on a different note. "Cyrus will keep you weak. Strong enough to bring back the dead he wants returned, but weak enough to where you're never a threat, just a tool. Like me."
"I have to kill him," I said.
Roland grimly assented. "Someone must. But there doesn't seem to be a way, does there? Even at your strongest, you must admit you could do nothing. Neither can I. He is impossibly strong.
"You have your influences but... And as for me..." There seemed to be many different thoughts running through his mind.
"What?" I asked.
"Jack, I have failed as a tool to create the perfect killer for Cyrus. Instead, I have done the reverse - generated a being who can return souls, not erase them. And this - whether at the hands of the bright man or me - was no accident. Cyrus is going to kill me."
I wanted to yell and scream at those words, but all I could do was twist in the bed and say "No no no no," until Roland was beside me and holding me.
"You'll come back," I said.
"Not if I'm brought to ashes," he replied. "I can't help me then, and neither can you."
There were a thousand possible miracles between us, and not a single one would save him. Water water everywhere, but nary a drop to drink.
Roland wiped away my tears. "Believe me, though, I'm ready for it."
I shook my head. "You've got to run."
"No," he said. "No more running. No more dying. No more torture. No more anything for me. I'm ready. The cycle ends now."
I protested, and he denied. He held me close and tried to comfort me.
After a while of this, Roland grabbed my hand. He slipped his beneath my palm and lifted my arm onto his lap. He placed his other hand on top.
"We've got to get you out of this room," he said. "Let's take a walk through the greenhouse."
"We have a greenhouse?" I asked, in disbelief.
Roland helped me dress. And then, unlike what usually surrounded us in the majority of Cyrus's mansion, we were suddenly standing in colors aplenty, in a warm and hazy mist, breathing deeply, our eyes closed.
As we walked to a pond, there were lines of sweet roses on my left and lilies on my right, and I had never seen them before, such flowers. The ground beneath my feet was simple dirt and felt cool on my bare skin.
Trees beside the flowers lined the way like tall soldiers with feet planted firmly in that dirt, and I felt as I walked amongst their rows that I was not in a greenhouse, but someplace far more sacred.
I peered up and saw the ceiling stretch three stories tall, the glass open to the cloudy sky with silver metal partitioning rectangles and squares in that glass.
"It's beautiful," I said, but then I needed to rest. My feet were sore again, and so we sat at the pond together.
He held my aching hand gently, and this human touch felt so strange, because I knew it would be one of the last from him.
"I want you to know," he said, "that, though you suffer these things, they aren't pointless. At the very least, if you hadn't been here for the past seventeen years, meeting Cyrus's quota, there'd be another person - a very real, live person - in your place. In your own way, Jack, you're saving someone."
"From what I am and what has been done to me," I added to his sentence.
"Yes," he replied, and he gave my hand a kiss. "More importantly though, once you are free from all of this - and yes, I have faith you will be - you can erase Cyrus's work, stamp his mark on the world away. You can return people to life, to their families, to love. I would like to think I helped with that."
"You did," I said. "You've never been like Cyrus. You've never been... evil." For the first time in my life, I realized I had never seen Roland murder. "How can that be, in this house?"
There was a long, peaceful pause before he answered. "I used to be that kind of wicked, but... I changed, Jack, much like you. The thing the bright stranger put inside me spurred it, whatever it was. And now... What's one of the first things I told you? There is a balance that must be kept. If you want to keep doing the bad, you have to do some of the good. But that balance... it means something else as well."
Roland opened his eyes and looked down at me. "My kind of darkness is a different kind, and Cyrus could never tell the difference. That's why I've been able to stay here as long as I have and infiltrate before I knew infiltrating was what I was trying to do.
"As for my kind of darkness... For one, it respects balance. For another..." Roland mumbled again. "What do you think angels are, Jack? In relation to demons?"
"They're opposites."
"No," he replied. "That is not true. Angels aren't anything but demons well-governed. They aren't anything but the sharks and the wolves and the snakes that don't bite and slither and slake. They aren't opposites. They are so very much the same. Wings will grow on anything that'll swear off biting.
"We're all sharks, no matter the person, no matter the environment. And all of us, angel and demon alike, we all start in the same place. It's just that later on... some break the pattern. Some don't."
"What pattern?"
"The pattern of your dark youth," Roland said. "When the shark stops biting, when the snake stops hissing, when the wolves stop eating their own like they've been taught to do, and they learn to desire something outside of these cycles and sinister instincts, that's something." Roland put his hands together again on the top of a lily pad. "It is better than gold. It's what people eat their hearts out for."
Hearing Roland speak those words filled me with a calm I had never before experienced; and - though it seemed that with all these recent events, that the outside forces of the world were invading me, deciding who I was, my desires, and the very fibers of my being - Roland was a force I would not have removed for anything. He beckoned me forward to a life more wondrous than the one I would have lived, had Cyrus alone raised me.
Roland had instilled within himself a sacred order akin to the circle of fifths, whereas Cyrus had, in many ways, bleached any semblance of order or intelligibility from everything he touched. Both of these - order and disorder - were my hallowed fathers, and they had carried me to and fro, back and forth, and all around. But Roland was right. I could stop the circle, I could choose the route, and I could navigate the dark waters with a map of my own making.
I reflected on the past again and wished I hadn't saved him - Cyrus - all those years ago. That I had not shot Havinger until after Cyrus was already dead. It would have been easier that way. Instead, it was Roland I had killed - the one I loved. I am cruel, I thought.
Turning again to my old companion, I hearkened to our long ago conversation on the day Alex killed Shakespeare, the family dog. "If Cyrus did die," I asked, "could he bring himself back?"
"No," Roland said. "Only you have the power to return him."

Chapter 24
EVERYTHING WILL BE ALRIGHT
When the gentlemen in dark suits and black cars dropped me off at my dorm, I wasn't riding in the trunk. Daylight was just breaking, and I only had mind to take a Clonazepam and sleep. I ended up taking two.
In my fear, I sweated more than salt, and the stench of it made me feel yellow and polluted, but I sullied my clean bed anyway, lay looking at my roommate's bed, and I realized I had not seen her in five days or more.
Then it hit me - the smell that morning in Caster Woods near Blue Brick. Yes, the stench that stole me away when Patrick had kept walking, and I lingered, staring into the trees.
It was quick lime.
I had never been more certain of anything in my life. How had I not immediately recognized it? It was so... palpable.
Jump out of bed right now! part of me yelled. You've got to go! To delve into those trees! To... find out! But I was so exhausted, and my limbs felt rusted. I closed my eyes. I needed to go to the woods, but I could not move. I slept.

There was a knock at my door, and I woke. It was night. I looked at the clock. Nine.
I opened the door, and Patrick stood there in a button-down shirt and blue jeans.
He stared at me, and then his eyes widened.
"What?" I asked.
"What the fuck happened to you?" he demanded and entered the room.
My heart exploded with fear, and I spun away from him, went to the sink, and turned on the overhead light. Exactly one half of my face was covered with dried blood. The cut was a spot at the top left edge of my forehead, and from it came a web of black crawling lines that weaved into my hair and across my nose. It was not a deep wound, but it had cried.
"Fuck," I said. I was marked with blood, in front of the only person in the world I swore I'd never show horror to.
Patrick stepped behind me. His hand reached up below my chin, and he turned me to himself. "Christ, Jack. Something hit you hard."
"I was drunk," I said. "I walked home. Must have fallen down."
"That's a lie. You didn't have a drop of liquor."
I thought quickly. "After you went to sleep, I drank as I walked home."
He bent his head down to mine, and then lower, to my neck. I heard him draw in a breath, and he stopped me when I tried to move away. "You smell like sickness," he said. "You smell like fear. What happened to you?"
I was too drained to think of anything. All I could do was stand and scream at myself internally to say something! Something! Find anything to tell him.
"Jack, what happened?" he asked softly.
I took a breath. "You can leave now, Patrick."
"No."
"I'm not asking." And when he tried to pull me close, I pushed at him and pushed at him, and he fought me until we were both falling to our knees, and then, finally, we crumpled to the floor. Finally, in exhaustion, I relaxed and rested my bloody head against him. We lay like that for minutes.
"Come," Patrick said, "You've got to get a shower and wash the wound."
We both went into the bathroom, and I stripped the clothes from myself, not caring that he was there and could see me. It didn't matter anymore. He turned away, though - became a gentlemen for those moments, as he started the hot water. Then, he sat against the bathroom wall, his white, buttoned shirt clinging to him in the moisture and heat.
"You don't have to tell me what happened," he said. I didn't.
"But you know you can if it will help," he continued. I did.
"Because after all that we've been through together, what's a bit more?"
He handed me a towel when I was done, and then he found clothes for me.
I dressed, feeling pains in parts of my body I didn't know existed. I found bruises all over - nicks and cuts in my wrists, at my mouth.
When I was dressed, I sat on the bed and sighed heavily, fatigued.
He sat down next to me. "What do you need?"
Only certain people would know what that tone of voice implied.
"Heroin, I guess," I said.
"I don't know..." he replied, and he rubbed his face with his hands. "If you do... I shoot you up, so you don't fucking OD." My eyes fell on him. He repeated his point. "I decide how much."
I rubbed at the scratches on my face. I licked my lips. "Patrick," I started, and then paused. I looked him in his mint green eyes. "I promise you it's not as bad as you think it is."
"Then what happened?"
I sighed and swallowed. "I can't tell you."
"Why?"
"That's part of it. You can't ever know. But... even if I could, I wouldn't. It would ruin this."
"Ruin what?"
"This... perfect friendship.
He laughed. "This is not perfect. This is anonymous."
"Exactly. Perfect."
"I don't believe so."
I said nothing more. I simply looked at him, thought of how thankful I was that this sprite was in my life, that he found me on the road that night and invited me to his world of reckless abandonment - of feeling something beyond my world, even if for a moment. I looked at the dimples by his mouth, the few freckles on his cheeks, the stubble that twinkled red in the lights. It would have been nice to have driven forever, the night that I met him.
"Look," he said to me. "I came here tonight because, actually, I was angry with you."
"Why?" I asked.
He smirked and took my hand in his. I looked at the curve of his thumbnail and found it to be picturesque. "Because, last night, when you arrived and I brought you to those three girls, and I asked you to pick which one I should fuck, you did.
"I didn't want you to. It made me so angry. In fact... I think that's why I tore Brian's pants off and burned them in the fireplace."
I chuckled quietly. "Then you shouldn't have asked me to choose."
"I know."
"And you shouldn't have fucked her."
"I won't anymore. I'm not going to anymore."
"What do you mean you're not going to anymore?"
"I want to be with you," he said.
That was the most perfect sentence ever spoken. It sped my heart.
I let a long pause drift between us, and then I responded, "To be fair, it was somewhat enjoyable to see you with her, at the piano, her singing, you swinging your hands down on the keys. I'm glad I got to choose her for you."
"Why?" he asked in disbelief.
"I got to hear your beautiful duet. Even if I was jealous... it was a different kind of peace. Do you know how long it's been since I've heard a piano in its ever-living presence? It was electric, that night."
"I didn't know it meant that much to you."
"How could you? It's just... the piano was such a part of my childhood. The good part. The only other person I loved played it, and it reminded me of him, in a good way."
"The only other person?" He said this like a question, but I gave him no answer.
Inside myself, I could feel within me a great swelling of something crystalline and pure. He was not perfect, or necessarily good, this man, but he was not harmful. He was not hateful. There was also something else there - something I knew that he didn't, that I would never tell him or anyone else in the world.
"I'll play more for you then. Music every day. And I mean it when I say I'm not going to be with anyone else. I mean," he said, "that if I fuck, it will be with you, and then it won't just be a fuck."
"You don't want to fuck me. You won't want to."
"Oh? Really? Do you realize who you're talking to here?"
That made me laugh. "I don't have enough of a soul for a person like you. You are alive in ways that I will never be, and I cannot catch up."
"I think," he replied, "it only seems that way to you."
He left the bed and perched himself close to my knees as he sat on the floor. I looked deep into his lime eyes, and as his lips parted, I sighed. He spoke. "Take as long as you want. I don't give a damn. But I won't turn away from you like you think I will." He touched my knees gently, and my moist skin drank in his warmth.
I smiled and ran my left hand through his hair, just barely, daring to touch the tips of the threads of flame. "Even if you did," I replied, "at least I would have this moment."
"We would."
I bit my bottom lip.
"Actually," he said suddenly, and he lifted his head from my knees, "I must come clear. I lied before. I came here tonight for two reasons, not just one."
"Oh?"
Patrick reached into the left side of his jacket and pulled out a black, slender book. "The second might cheer you even more than the first," he said, and from this book slid a piece of paper.
It was folded, and he handed it to me from between his pointer and middle finger. I gave him an inquisitive gesture. "Open it," he said. I did. It was a check for fifty grand.
"Mother of God."
"You deserve it. You did the job. Alone. Perfectly. Well, as good as possible. I couldn't fucking believe it." He patted my arm softly like 'atta boy,' but then just as suddenly as he had handed me the check, he snatched it from me and ripped it in half, and then again, and again. The shreds fell to my lap like dried bones.
I stared at him, utterly confused and breathless. In a single moment I had returned from my richest to poorest. "What is this?" I asked.
But Patrick was busy. He was reaching into several pockets and, I realized, pulling out stack after stack of solid, tight cash. "But do you know how crazy it would be for me to write you a check for that much?" he asked. "The taxes on it would be enormous."
"Yeah," I said, blinded by the ever-growing olive green pile. "Almost as crazy as walking through this town with fifty grand on you."
"Hm. But that's my type of crazy."
He collected all of the stacks, counted them, paused, and then pulled one more stack from behind his back. He sat the tower before me on the floor, and it leaned, threatening to topple like Jenga blocks. The money came up to my knees.
The bills were not wadded or crumpled. It was all so very streamlined, like a miniature skyscraper. "It's yours," he said. "Thanks again."
I was astonished. "I never really believed you," I said.
"I know."
I peered at him, but only barely turning my head from the money.
"I know you, Jack. Maybe not conventionally, but I do. You're not an addict, love. You're not completely amoral. You're not voracious. I mean, visiting your sister the very day after I offer you that job? Come on, Jack! I'm not an idiot. You never wanted this money for yourself."
He surprised me. I did not expect my actions to leave any imprint on him or for him to analyze what they meant. I did not expect him to care to figure me out.
"Patrick, I thought you were dumber than you are."
"They expect from me a flicker, and I give them stars."
"That gets you off, doesn't it?"
He laughed. "More than you'll ever know." But when our eyes met, it did not seem as though the same laughing, joking, not-giving-a-shit Patrick was with me, but a different one.
I looked at the money and at the earnestness in Patrick's eyes. "I will expect the stars from now on," I replied.
"Always. I'd make them shoot for you."
I realized just how much of a chance he was taking with me - entrusting a person whom he did not know with money beyond which I had ever had. I understood that he appreciated me, that he felt he still needed me, though the job was done. And so I said, "You're wrong. The first reason you came is better than all this. It is."
"Then you do want to be with me?"
"One night... I'll tell you everything, about myself and my life and who I am... and if what I say doesn't trim your stars to a flicker, I will be with you. I promise."
There was a tension between us thicker than black ice. A sexual tension beginning to blister in its lack of fulfillment, and I could see the pain of that lack on his face.
"Alright," he said, "I'll wait. There is something about you," and he touched my cheek, "something within you, something so wonderful about you, that I would wait forever for." I felt the warmth in my stomach stir at this, and I wondered just what in me attracted him - if he could sense within me that that piece which I had been granted, which he could not actually see or hear or touch.
"Let's go to my loft," he whispered.
After I carefully hid the money, we left, and he shot me up. I went down, down, down. Downhill. Downhell. Like I was back in the tomb suffering the worst day of my life. But the angel that stood over me, looked down, and asked, "Are you alright?" was not stone this time. It wasn't my imagination, either.
The next thing I knew, the rosary was pulled over my head, and the cool stone pressed into my neck. He told me it would protect me.
I stared into Patrick's eyes as he ran his hands through my black hair.
Again he sang the all too familiar tune, but this time, rather than with maniacal energy, he sang it in a loving way - like a father, like a brother, like a lover. "There's no earthly way of knowing which direction we are going. There's no knowing where we're rowing or which way the river's flowing..."
"Patrick," I whispered, "You make hell so pleasant."
"Jack," he said, "I love you."

Days came and days passed, and I kept myself relatively high every hour. I barely left Patrick's loft, and when I did, I sat in class with sunglasses on and a hat pulled down. I was lucky that there were no tests for the next two weeks. I wouldn't have even been able to cheat, I was so fucked up. And Patrick had slowly begun to say, "No. No more, Jack."
When he finally cut me off, though it took a while to catch, a healing heat that stoked in my center finally reached my head.
In that warmth, I knew everything would be okay.
I told Patrick this a few days later, as he was tending to me like a dying rose bush. "I'll be alright," I said one morning, smiling. "I promise."
"Just like that?" he asked, like I might poof! disappear.
I nodded my head. "I have never been surer of anything in my entire life."
He touched my arm, and bent as though to kiss me.
Instead, he whispered, "Thank God. I have a surprise for you."

Chapter 25
SUBLIME
He took me to a nearby pond. It was dark, but still early night, and the stars were twinkling greens and blues and whites, reflecting in the water, so that when I dipped my hand in, I caught the sky.
Patrick told me to wait there, and he disappeared off into a wooded area. That was why I sat by the pond. I had been waiting for a while, and there were few things to do besides breathe the crystal pollen, taste the cooling air, pet the sweet grass, and whisper a song to myself.
"It's ready," he eventually said from behind me, and I followed him. I could not see his brazen hair in the night, or his bright blue shirt, or his long gray slacks. In the dark, he looked like he could be anybody, and a bit of paranoia hit me then, as though I had been smoking, though I had not.
I stopped walking side-by-side with him and drifted back, until he said congenially, "You better enjoy this. If you don't, I'm going to throw radishes at you." Then I was beside him again, made confident and comforted by his humor, forgetting the times Cyrus had led me into the dark. This was brand new, I remarked, and should remind me of nothing.
"What a cruel thing to do, Patrick," and I would have winked if he could have seen me.
"Aye," he replied. "I'm a badass."
After following him not that long, I saw a glow in the distance. It was bright blue, crystalline, and pure. Then, there was another, separated just a short distance from the first. Both levitated near my height. They peeked out from between the branches like two blue eyes of an enormous velveteen panther and watched us as we neared them. What is it? I wondered.
Finally, Patrick stopped us in what seemed a clearing, and he flicked a lighter on, began lighting candles all around, creating perhaps the worst fire hazard ever known to man. But as he lit the wicks, I could see various objects around us.
There was a white blanket laid on the ground, a bottle of wine, a... piano. I stared in awe. The two glowing blues sat atop a black piano in lemonade pitchers. I strolled to one as he continued to put the place alight, and I lifted the decanter and spun it lightly like there was venom inside. When I swirled the liquid, it glowed brighter so that the syrup smoldered a bluer sapphire than the other pitcher on the other end of the piano. I stepped to the other one and swirled it, too. Now they were even.
"Ah. Ah. Ah," said Patrick. I turned to him, and he motioned to the blanket. "Thou shalt not touch that just yet."
"This is beautiful," I replied, and he said, "Damn straight it is."
He kept motioning like a song on repeat until I sat on the white blanket and discovered its smooth material for myself.
"How the hell did you get a piano out here?" I asked.
Patrick was now opening the bottle of wine, bending and twisting his body as he corkscrewed the top. "Nothing that a good five, well-built and athletic guys can't drive here and then carry through the woods ten feet at a time."
The cork came out with a pop.
"You are insane," I said
Patrick picked up something from the ground, and he smiled at me. It was a glass. He poured the wine into it, holding it by its stem so as not to warm the wine. Though he often concealed it well, this was one of the many slips that showed he was well-groomed, well-cultured. He didn't smoke before meals, either. This was not a man who had ever had to pepper his vodka.
He grinned at me. "Oh, it gets better," he said, and he handed me the glass.
He then bowed to me, his hair flopping forward, and he straightened himself, strolled to the piano like a conductor in street clothes, and he sat at the bench, back straightened to a near arch, arms firm, knuckles comfortably curled, and he struck the keys like a masseuse with a living body.
I sipped my wine, tasted the burgundy, as the notes filtered out like leaves forming a tree, and his music combined with the music of the woods - the trickle of nearby water, the clicks and clacks of trees and branches, the rustle of tiny things on the floor beside me.
The notes filed out and skidded along these things, until the very woods were what came from the piano, and the notes, rather, were the most natural things in the world. The quarters and eights hung from the branches in brilliant colors of gold and red, and as each leaf dropped, it played its note, and then died.
It did not make sense to me why such a sublime man might want me then, or why a man who could massage such blissful notes from the inside of an instrument would need to shoot heroin and pop pills, or why a man who could fuck angels would choose the devil instead.
I watched him and his crimson hair sway between the blue to the beat of the hallowed sounds, and I watched his shirt tighten against him as his arms moved with muscles only musicians and athletes had, his hard body like stone. He was molded marble and energy, and by the end of the song his brilliant hair was drooping in front of his eyes.
He turned to me, and before I could clap or speak or even smile, he said, "And now, my friend, for something completely different." He started to play again. Only this time, the song was slow, liquid, languid. When his head bowed, it was more like he was in a dance than a race.
Like a magician waving his wand, his left arm lifted up, then even further up, no longer touching the piano, though I could see the keys there still moving, and I forgot myself, nearly dropping my wine.
His fingers wiggled, and the keys moved as though tickled, like a living puppet on invisible strings beneath his hand. His arm dropped then, plunged itself into his pants pocket, and brought out a pack of cigarettes. This pack he gently placed beside the sheets of music. Then, his right hand as well stopped lifted, and again he wiggled his fingers as though a sorcerer bringing a body to life, and the keys beneath his hand continued to play. The music never stuttered.
This right hand plunged into his right pocket, and out popped a lighter. He lit a cigarette and swiveled in his seat. The piano continued to move and play on its own behind him, and the enchanter crossed his legs, leaned his back against the piano like it was a thrown.
I had heard of this type of piano before, but I had never seen one until then. It was the kind a person could insert paper into, and it played the songs for you - made it look like a ghost was at the keys. The lengths he had to go through to get the thing out there must have been extraordinary.
"Fantastic," I said to him, and I shot down the rest of my wine and began to pour myself more. "I've never seen anything so wonderful."
"Oh," he said, and he bounded up, "the show is far from over." He darted around like an arrow, blowing out the candles one by one so that there was only the darkness and the music, the light from his cigarette, and the two pitchers of glowing blue gold.
I could not see him in the dark, and I dared not move lest I spill the wine. So, I sat there, my eyes frozen and latched to the only lights by which they could ground themselves. One of these lights moved.
The music paused, died, and silence stuffed itself into the air, and as it did so, the pitcher on the left side of the piano levitated up, drifted down, like a gem plucked from the center of a black flower about to be eaten, and then it turned, the liquid's shape shifted, and then I heard a splash and trickle as the liquid poured gently, suddenly illuminating the very keys and face of the piano. The liquid swept across, ate the darkness away, until a blue grin faced me with one eye.
It was like a watching a picture draw itself in the night, or seeing an artist etch away the darkness with a swipe, or glimpsing God peel back the curtain to the beyond. I loved it. Then, the music began to play again. The keys moved, the silence was sucked into oblivion, and the blue began to shiver, bop, and jump.
To my right, I saw the other pitcher lift, and it floated to me until it landed, ever so delicately, at my feet.
I sensed a shift in the velvet beneath me. I could feel a warmth come from my left. I smelled the smoky sweet of Patrick.
"Wow," he said. "I didn't know if this would be as amazing as it seemed. But it is."
"Yes," I said, watching the thrilling mechanism, "it looks like someone left candles burning on the keys, and a wax has dripped down amongst them like paint."
"It looks like one of those pictures that moves. Like the waterfalls lit from behind."
"Yes. It's beautiful."
"And now I know what you mean."
I shifted to look at him, as though I could see him in the dark, but I could not, of course, and I felt an ache in my eyes, a craving.
"What do you mean?"
"When you said you were glad that I fucked that girl, just so you could hear her sing and me play.
"I feel that now. If I hadn't been drugged up, if I hadn't hidden that rosary in the walls of that chimney, I would never have had the chance to ask you to help me. Where would we be then? Certainly not here, watching the blood of a soul seep into a piano and making it play." I felt him nudge me in the dark. "You never would have told me that story. I never would have told you mine."
"So," I summarized, "You're glad you got drugged up and paranoid, and I'm glad you fucked a girl for no reason."
"Aye," he said, and we both laughed. "But we can move on from that, now. I think that's what we're doing here anyway."
"What is that song?" I asked. "It sounds like a ghost on a string."
"Moonlight Sonata. Ever since Marshall mentioned it, I knew it was the one for this."
"Good old Marshall." I felt a shifting beside me, and Patrick moved, lifted the pitcher, and swirled the liquid. I watched it like an illuminated tornado swirling before me.
"It's so beautiful, I want to eat it," I said. Again I stared at the piano in awe, captured against my will by its beauty.
"But it smells like shit."
"Really?"
"Smell it."
Patrick lifted the decanter to me, and I took a whiff. Indeed, he was right. Though it was beautiful, the odor was what I expected toxic waste mixed with acid rain to smell like.
"You have ruined your piano," I said.
"Aye. But some things are worth ruining.
"I have another carafe because I didn't know how much I'd need." He placed the decanter back in the grass.
I hummed shortly in assent.
Something warm brushed against my hand, and I moved it, thinking I might be in Patrick's way, but as I lifted my arm, I felt soft, malleable fingers press into my palm as though checking for a pulse, and then they slid up and over the crease in my wrist and glided against the tender part of my arm until they reached my elbow.
I turned away from the piano, and peered into the void, where I could feel him. His skin, the night, the music, the blue, it was all delicious.
He was near my cheeks. Inching closer, he pinned me with his warmth, made my lips part when I could feel his own very near. I could smell and feel him breathing there, gliding as close as possible with his face nearing mine like a skater nearing thin ice. But he dared not break the barrier between us. It was tantalizing. I felt bound and free and powerful.
"Patrick, you are such an electrifying mess."
"That's the piano, Jack."
I could feel the puff of those words like clouds against my lips, and, unable to bear the weight of the moment any longer, I pressed myself against him, felt him rock back and his lips bend and then open, and his warm, wet tongue dive against mine.
He rocked forward again and pulled me against him, and the taste of his mouth was like smooth smoke and cinnamon. I knew at that moment that his cigarettes were black, his whiskey was strong, and that he had not shot up in weeks. I drank him in like I had the wine. I swirled him like I had the burning venom.
I felt his clean hands against my waist, pushing and pulling, and then wrapping themselves around my back. I brushed my hands through his hair, over this hills and valleys of his face, and I thrust my tongue deep against his.
We pulled apart slowly.
"Don't ever leave me, Jack," he whispered against my neck.
"What if you ask me to?"
"Not even then."
We embraced again, sinking into the blue, the harmony, the black, black night. And when we finally parted for good and watched the piano again with a new, thoughtful peace existing between us, he said tenderly, "Do you have enough soul now?"
"Because of you, I might get into heaven."
"And I just wanted a chance."
He dipped his hand into the decanter beside us, and when he pulled his fingers out, they looked wetted with the blood of angels. I saw the hand, as if alive on its own, float up above where I could see, and then I felt him rub my head. His fingers started on the right, moved center, to the left, and then dipped back into the blue. He continued, from left to back, and then round again. Round and round he went, painting a circle in my hair.
I knew what he was doing and stopped his hand.
I dipped my own hand into the decanter, felt the cool splash against my fingers, and I brought my smoldering hand up to his hair. Rather than making a circle, though, I marked him with two triangles, both of them jutting out like hooks just above his brow. When I was done, I felt like I was staring into a mirror.
"Who goes into a man's house to steal someone else's rosary? Who gives eight hundred to the homeless? Who gives fifty grand to her sister without a penny left for herself?" I heard Patrick's deep sing-song voice ask. "Jack does," he said.
Yes, I thought. And who waits in the dark with a knife in hand, striving for the blood of men? Who kills the wife of a minister and her children? Who strangles adulterers with piano wire while her mentor watches? And then, who loses it all? Who fails? Jack does.
"What do you want?" Patrick asked. "What do you think would make you more you?"
I did not know what to say.

Chapter 26
GONE
I knew what it meant when Cyrus asked me down into the basement, and my arms involuntarily shook.
Just four weeks ago, I had had the pleasure of those brick walls, and Cyrus had cracked one of my kneecaps in two, among other various bodily catastrophes.
I almost bolted, truly, but then a knowing resignation clamped my hand to its own, and I slipped down the spiral staircase behind him, into the rooms without windows, past the wine.
Dangling from the ceiling were the old, rusty cuffs, and they reminded me of bats still sleeping.
"Cuff yourself," Cyrus said, and I slipped my jacket off. I stepped to the cuffs and touched them, and it was as though a psychic energy lay within them - electricity needing a body to pop. I instantly dropped my hands and whirled around.
"What is this for?" I asked urgently.
Cyrus took the brown folding chair from the corner of the room, and he popped it open like a tent. He brought the chair to just a few feet away, and he sat in it. "I want to speak with you."
"That requires this?"
"It requires whatever I say it does." It was nonchalant, his acts, and they did not seem from a maniac. Rather, it was like the old Cyrus with the grey hawk eyes that peered at me as he crossed his legs and arms and leaned back like a man in a smoking room.
I flicked my hands against the hanging cuffs and watched them swing. I sighed. They were too high for me to ask whether they should go in front or behind. They would have to go in front, and my wrists would be placed just above my forehead.
I cuffed myself as Cyrus had requested, and I leaned my head against my arms and heaved another breath. This day would be painful, I knew. But eventually, eventually it would end. I knew that as well.
Cyrus hopped up and strolled to me, checked the tightness of the cuffs from just a few inches away, tightened them both one notch. He spun around. "Let's talk about Sloan."
"What about him?"
"You murdered his wife... among other things"
I nodded my head against my hands. "Just as you asked me to."
"Did you enjoy it?" he asked, and he whirled back around, facing me, and he reclined again in the chair. He crossed his legs and took out a cigar from his inner jacket pocket.
He was dressed all in black - black slacks, a fitted black jacket, and a grey shirt so dark that it would seem black, had the suit not provided a blacker comparison. The material was well-made and had a sheen to it. It was almost glossy. Beneath those clothes, though, I knew his shoulder still bled. Sloan's wife had made sure of that.
"I did not," I replied truthfully.
"Why?"
I twisted my head up and looked at the dank light bulb. "I suppose because she was a woman."
"Ah," he said, and he put the cigar in his mouth. He lit the end and puffed on it until smoky clouds billowed between us and I could smell cotton candy and bitterness. "But you're a woman, Jacqueline." For the first time, in forever, my full name was used.
"Is that what I am?"
This made Cyrus smile, but I wasn't sure why. He licked his lips and plucked something from them, and he threw it to the floor. "I've never treated you like you were one, have I?"
"No," I said, and I almost told him 'thank you for it,' but then I did not. I added, "But maybe the way I am didn't allow for it."
"What do you mean?"
" Maybe, if I had acted like one, you would have treated me like a woman."
"I wouldn't have."
"Well, I appreciate that."
There was silence between us, and his sparkling eyes searched over me. I shifted my feet, trying to allow blood flow to continue its regular course to my hands, but it was difficult. My arms were already uncomfortable and tingling.
"I don't understand," he said, "why it would still bother you when I have taught you better."
"With men," I moved my forehead back and forth against my arms, thinking, "it's different. There's the possibility of something more there, when you kill them. Emasculation, I suppose. With women, there's not. Yes, I guess that's a problem."
"Kind of like kicking a dog when it's already down. That's killing a woman."
"If that's the way you want to put it."
He twisted in his seat and took another draw on his cigar. His head was cocked to the side, and his silver hair glinted in the light like strands of silk.
"I used to feel that way, too," he said to me.
"What happened?"
He twirled his hand out, like he held a glass of wine, and he stared in the distance until he returned his gaze to me. "I realized that they're all women." He took a puff on his cigar.
I paused, thinking on this.
"I don't feel like I am anything," I said.
"You feel just human," he replied.
"Not even that."
That made him smile. "I would expect not, what with your abilities now. A little bit further from the fabric of humankind you have been torn. One step closer to becoming like me." Another puff on his cigar, another ghost of a cloud placed into the air and slowly headed my way. "On the other hand, you can give life now. How is that not like a woman?" He smiled. And then, "Why did you hide it from me?"
"It's not what you're about, Cyrus. I knew you would kill me for it."
"Not kill you, Jack. Use you."
I waited for him to continue.
"Are you converted?" he asked. I laughed softly.
"You've got to be joking."
"Have I? You've been returning Christian families to the living. I think that says something."
"I was not raised a Christian," I replied. "I will never be a Christian, Cyrus. There's nothing to worry about."
"There are other things to convert people to."
I nodded my head and moved as best I could with my arms pinned above in order to physically negotiate the meaning of his words.
"I don't know what the fuck is wrong," I said. "I don't think you realize..."
"I don't realize what?"
"That I am dark enough!" I yelled. "I strangle people, and I kill them! I ruin lives! How does that not work for you? Despair is either there, or it's not! There are no striations, no variations, and I make it appear! I clothe people in it! How is it not good enough?"
"Because you now have the capacity to turn it around," he said.
"So do you," I replied. "So does everybody."
"No." He shook his head violently, smoke pouring from his nostrils back and forth in the air. "You can turn it around after the fact. There's something new in you," he pointed to me, "and I despise it."
I went to say something, but paused mid-breath, torrents of emotions coursing through me, and I knew my face must be turning red in anger.
In contrast to me, Cyrus only sat there, as cool as silver in ice, and he looked bitter.
"But it's not only that," he continued. "I can sense it in you, just standing here. I can sense something inside you... your ability to bring them back, perhaps... or your desire to. I do not like... it is disgusting." He waved the cigar out in front, leaned forward, and squinted his eyes, as though trying to pin it down. But then he quickly exhaled and dropped his arms. "A good. An innocence. I don't know. The bright man knew it was right for you, but it's sickening. I want it gone."
I gasped in exasperation. "Even if you..." and the thought I was about to say weighed me so heavily that some of the strength in my legs left me, and I leaned even more against my arms. "...there's only so much you can do about it. Maybe to get rid of it all, you're going to have to get rid of all of me."
I looked up at him, and his eyes appeared to have blackened. They were no longer icy blue.
"No," he said, and he sighed heavily. "No, that's not what this is. You were meant to be with me, you were meant to provide this ability for me. There's much worth keeping, Jack. I just need to..." And he shook his head.
"To what?" I asked, but he did not respond, except by dropping his cigar to the ground and standing. He came to me slowly and looked deeply into my eyes.
"Excise."
"What?" I asked, but he did not reply. Rather, he began undoing the buttons of my shirt one by one, until the front of me was bare.
He took out a knife and ran its sharp edge barely against the skin from my chest to my gut. I leaned back, trying best to evade the sharp point, but I could not escape it.
"Where did he place it?" Cyrus asked, and then he moved the knife to right above my belly-button. "Here?" he asked.
I gave him no answer, just closed my eyes, waiting for the exquisite pain to pierce me and the shock to empty me of all thought. But... nothing.
I lifted my eyelids, and he was no longer there.
I stood alone amidst the basement walls, still chained, and I swiveled around, expecting some dark form to slip through the cracks of the bricks and attack, but nothing came. I looked up, stared at where the chains met the ceiling and knew that with hours of work I could free them, but I did not have hours. Whatever was coming would come, and there was nothing I could do.
I could hear my breathing, ragged, and I didn't like it. It reminded me of the sound of my victims after they had given up.
But then I heard footsteps. They were slow and then quickening, and they belonged to more than just one set of feet.
I expected Cyrus to appear from down the hall from the left, which was the wine room, perhaps with a frightening set of surgical instruments that would make me cry in their very presence, but instead a different form appeared. It was Roland's.
"Oh fuck," I said. And when he pierced the entrance, I looked straight into his brown eyes and said, "You need to get the fuck out of here."
"That's what I'm doing, Jack," he whispered, and he nodded to me as if he was about to catch a cab and would meet me for dinner later. Then he turned and faced Cyrus who had stepped into the room from behind him.
Cyrus glanced at me, and he waved his hand in my direction. "The cycle finally ends," Cyrus said. Roland curtly nodded.
I screamed again and again at Cyrus, but it was as if I wasn't even in the room, the way they stared at each other, and after my words bounced around the empty basement, it was as if they had never been spoken. I wished I could scream loud enough for the entire world to hear and scream back, but I could only sink into myself, quietly, and grit my teeth. Again, I jerked at the cuffs and swiveled.
There was another sound that met my ears, and this, too, was the patter of footsteps approaching.
I peered up to see Alex enter the room, and then I looked to Roland, and I knew. It was utter blasphemy.
"Alex, you don't have a right to touch him," I said, and again there was no acknowledgement from any of them. It was like they were behind a glass in an apartment miles away, and I was watching the scene through a telescope. Alex's blonde head turned back and forth like a pendulum between Cyrus and Roland.
Cyrus pulled out a gun and made sure it was loaded. He handed it to Alex, and they both stood back. "Do it right this time," Cyrus said. "Not like the first."
Cyrus glanced at me, and when he did, I said, "Please don't fucking do this." He did not respond, but turned to Roland, and as he raised his arm up, Roland's entire body lifted in the air from where he stood. I gasped.
One of Roland's black, shiny shoes flopped off and hit the floor with a clap, and he floated like wax in a lava lamp just a few feet above the ground, his cream clothes moving against his body as if in a silent and invisible wind. Then, Cyrus's hand flared out straight, and Roland's body hit the back wall with a crack.
Cyrus handed the gun to Alex. "One shot in the head. That is all," he told him. Alex's hand cocked the gun and pointed it at Roland, who was not crying or grimacing or screaming, just taking it all in. He never looked away.
But before Alex did anything, Cyrus stepped to me, and then behind me, and he placed his hands against my ears. I shook, I turned, but I could not get him to let me go.
As Cyrus held me, I watched as Alex did as Cyrus asked. A shot has never resounded so loudly in me. I shook and fell down, my whole weight supported by the cutting cuffs.
Hands wrapped themselves around me and lifted me, and I was pulled up and against a warm body as one would expect from an angel.
"This time he won't be coming back," Cyrus whispered, and then I felt a hand against my temple, and I opened my eyes. The blade of a knife was before me, on which there was a puddle of blood. Alex held it, had dipped it into Roland and brought it to Cyrus, and Cyrus dabbed his hand again in this blood and pushed it against my forehead, marking me. He pulled my black hair away from my face and cooed to me. I looked to Roland's body against the wall and watched it drop to the floor like a doll, and I felt all feeling in me vanquished. My eyelids dropped.
"You've killed me," I told him.
"No," he said. "I've released you. The old bond is gone." And I felt his hands caress my neck and pull my head close to him. "That man was keeping something in you that should not have been there, but we've unhooked it now and let it go."
I was so numb, I was choking on all the numb. "He'll come back... or I'll bring him back."
"I'm going to burn him, Jack."
I looked up to see four men enter the room and carry Roland's body away, and as I watched them, I emptied too much to cry.
Cyrus kept me there for hours, long enough for the fire to catch and carry Roland far away.
It was only much later that I felt hands reach up my arms to the cuffs, and after a few clicks my arms fell. I would have hit the floor, just like Roland, but Cyrus held on to me, hugged me close.
"There is no person so wondrous as you are, and when you survive this, you will be stronger than any would think imaginable. And you will be powerful, and rich, and beautiful, and there will be nothing, absolutely nothing, that you cannot do, no action you cannot commit. And a coldness will fill you, and it will feel marvelous. It will course through you and lift you up. You will be perfect."
I felt him kiss me.
"You will be without borders, beautifully ungoverned. No need to rescue those I kill. No need to bring anyone back, but those I command. No yearning anymore, just what is. You are so lucky."
But all I could think of was the first time I had killed Roland, slid the butterfly needle into his neck and let the blood drain away, my hand clamped to his chest to feel his heart die, and the misery of that night, the agony. It was fresh in me still. I thought he would never return, but he had.
And now, I felt that he would, but he would not. He would never return, not by his own hand or by mine. The true death. I had never experienced it until then.
And I had never said, "Goodbye."

Chapter 27
MARGARET
Disoriented and numb, I left Cyrus's mansion that night. He let me, did not hold me near, and somehow I knew that whatever power he had would be used to make sure I didn't kill myself, would watch me even while he didn't watch me. But that wasn't on my mind. Nothing was. I was... blank, but running.
As I drove through the town, it was like I had never been there before. The street signs all looked unfamiliar, the buildings were alien, and there was no sound anymore. I remember it was like I was wandering through water or glass.
I remember I drove close to home, but I only did so to retrieve my stash of heroin and needles from an old railroad tie.
I retrieved the heroin, and I put it in my inner jacket pocket, and then I drove away.
The graveyard was far from the rest of the town, as was the church that it sat beside. It had hundreds of trees and thousands of graves. I had visited this place many times, but this time, I felt like I belonged. I remember the smell of the cherry blossoms. I remember the Cottonwood trees like snow in the night. And I remember the tomb. The stone angel it sat in front of.
I got out the syringe. I retrieved the vial. I boiled the contents, slurped them up into the needle and blew them into the body, and went down down down. Downhill. Downhell. Far away from the alien town and Cyrus and Roland and Alex and Sloan. I did not think of them at all. I said goodbyes to murder and meaning. In doing so, I must have used more heroin than usual. I remember the syringe slipping. It fell down into the tomb with me. I don't know why it didn't break. I frankly don't know why I didn't break. I stretched myself out, against the blanket I had placed within, amongst the cottonwood seeds that were caught in the maw that held me on its concrete tongue.
I looked up into the night at the moon. And, in this dark little corner of the world, I saw the stone angel's face appear, faintly luminescent at the ledge. I thought I saw her bend down, clasp the stone with her hands, with hair turned from stone to silver threads, and eyes a bejeweled green instead of the sparkling white of sand. Her pinky raised, then the rest of her right hand, and she turned it and held it out to me inquisitively. "What are you?" she asked. I went to apologize, but passed out instead, dreaming that I was in a catacomb, not a tomb, and there were hundreds of me in the vaults.
I did not wake for a long, long while. Days passed.
* * *
"A vampire! Wouldn't that be wonderful? Finally caught one in the cemetery, and we can come back at night and take it home."
"How ridiculous!"
"The best things don't make sense."
"Well, you do know about the best things Margaret. The best of the best."
"Indeed. I've been needing a pet. A vampire would fit the bill."
"Oh, you are ridiculous indeed."
Three voices? Four voices? I couldn't tell. Too many giggles. I moved slightly, trying to feel out where I was. Everything hurt, my joints popping shutters. I heard gasps.
"Shhhh!!! Your vampire is waking!" Someone else cleared her voice, and then, "Had a little bit too much fun last night, dear?"
I had enough sense to open my eyes. I was laying on my right side, staring at a flock of geese distorted in liquid. The first thought that entered my head was, "Too bright."
Someone patted my arm. "My dear," the same voice said, "Do you need some help getting out of there? I know it must be the most comfortable and lovely of places to fall down into drunk and disorderly, but really one must try different things now and again. Fresh air should be one of them." I felt a hand grab my own and tug gently. I lifted my head up and looked into the face of an older woman with auburn hair, dressed in a 1920s style Flapper dress with pearls and a Cloche hat. I peered round, and the other women beside her were dressed the same. One of them said, "What a very sturdy bed. I must try it once it's free."
I pushed myself up, was brought to my feet, and I sat against the edge of the tomb, rubbing my numb and sore face, trying to wake. My stomach felt like gravel, but my attention was drawn away by sounds of music, very distant, and I wondered why I should be hearing such in a graveyard.
The one that I soon knew to be Margaret, who had lifted me up, now spoke to me. "We came from the little church across the way," she said. "Beatrice's daughter was getting married, and while we were having a wonderful little gathering afterwards, the weather was so nice, and the peacocks so beautiful, that we went outside, sort-of chased them a little - or they thought we did - and then decided to have a little run through the graveyard. There really are some beautiful tombs and statues. And plus, it is interesting, don't you think? To go scampering off through the graveyard... birth and death, wedding and grave, oh I'm probably sounding crazy again. I do that."
I was not entirely sure where I was, what day it was, or who I was. I looked at her again and peered at her dress and the dress of the other women. "What's with...?" and I pointed up and down at them.
"Oh!" she said, "Yes! Well, the wedding was done in flapper style, 1920s. It really was a marvelous time. Simply loved the idea. I feel a nostalgia for that time period, though I didn't live then. Isn't that strange? How you can feel nostalgic for things that you've never experienced?" The other women giggled. "Have you ever felt that way?"
"I don't know," I said truthfully. "But it sounds nice..." Then, feeling nauseous and unaware, I muttered, "I need a cigarette."
"Oh yes," she said, "I think I see them right there." She bent down and grabbed the pack in the tomb, but as she did so, she paused, her hand just inches from a syringe, and as she stared at it, her head turned. She looked up at me.
I pursed my lips and looked at this stranger. "What can I say?" I asked in a whisper.
The other women did not notice us in this awkward and dramatic moment, and as they kept chattering behind her, she handed the syringe to me, and I placed it in my pocket. Her hand bent to the pack of cigarettes, grabbed it again, and she straightened.
She spoke as though the event had never happened. "Used to love the things, but I quit... oh, I think twenty years ago. Still enjoy the smell. Cloves! How wonderfully dark." She smiled at me and winked. The other two women were still in their own small discussion and chattered in the background. I lit the cigarette and had a good first draw.
Margaret handed me my pack and lighter back to me. She motioned towards the hill, over which I knew lay the church some yards off. "You know, I bet you haven't had anything to eat. Rachael - the woman getting married - she and her husband have tons of cake balls - chocolate, red velvet, vanilla - as well as hors d'oeuvres - vegetarian of course, she is like that - and tea and champagne and water. You should have some, and we'll introduce you to Rachael. She won't love you, but she'll pretend she does. She doesn't know half the guests here. It would be good for you, I think."
This woman never waited for a response. Having decided what I should do, she attempted to help me out of the tomb. I willingly stepped over the side and felt as if the Earth might spin. I gave another suck on the cigarette, and then steadied myself. "Do you do this for all the dead?" I asked her, joking with a monotone.
"I do whatever I please," she said.
She marched me forward, arm-in-arm per her preference, as the two women behind us followed. I thought to myself that this woman was insane, but I was in no position to judge a person so willing to feed me.
She told me, "My name's Margaret Wilhelm. That's Emily Harrow and Sarah Moulder. I am pleased to make your acquaintance..."
"Jack," I replied.
"Jack! That reminds me of London and Burton at the same time," she said. At that I smiled.
I had never taken the time to visit the little wooden church, and when I saw it I beheld it with wonder. It seemed more a park than religious building. There were peacocks, the feathers of them many different blues and greens and golds, and their tails brushed against the ground as though wearing their own dresses, long and thick and sweet. Out amidst the lawn there were little ponds with stone edges and bright green lily pads. A few had dark and spotted frogs on top. The water was covered in downy flakes of Cottonwood seeds landing from their journey in the air. Facing the back porch of the church, the double doors of which stood open, were white chairs in rows, and they had light blue ribbons tied in bows on each arm. They trailed to the ground and kissed it in the breeze, much like the peacock tails. There was an outline of trees around this lawn. Their leaves were dark. They swayed constantly, as though they loved the feel of the wind stirring.
All of the people were inside the church - where we were headed - and from within I could hear a familiar blues play behind the tinks and clinks of dinnerware. It was a fast blues song and echoed round the little church, which seemed to me in my uneven state to swing slowly to the rhythm. "What is this?" I wondered. "Blues at a wedding?" The idea seemed very strange. I thought to myself that perhaps I really had gone back in time, or gone crazy, or both.
The first room we entered, once we climbed three wooden steps, was completely empty, as was the room beside it. The brother rooms were only disconnected by one wall with a fireplace that opened to both. The floor of these rooms was a light brown, and the walls were bright white. I took a deep breath and was instantly reminded of the old houses I had visited on some of Cyrus's property - the odor of spicy wood.
Above us in both rooms were small and very complicated looking crystal chandeliers, with hundreds of tiny drops of stone dangling from six or so different gold arms. We did not linger here long, though, and eventually I was ushered by Margaret on my right to my left, and through that room we arrived at a hall, the other end of which held fruits and delicious looking foods and cakes. We passed through a couple of sets of Victorian doors and then arrived at the loaded and large table.
"Here, dear," Margaret said to me, handing me an antique china plate. "Pile it up. You're skinny, and it's a shame great enough to kill you if the hunger doesn't. Don't let the reputation of a fat America fall down, now. Eat. Eat. Let's see if we can put a pound on you." Out of confusion more than hunger, I let her choose for me a few pieces of piercingly orange cantaloupe, as well as honeydew, red grapes, vegetarian potstickers, cheese and spinach quiches, spanakopita, bruschetta, baby brie and crackers, and many other things.
Then she grabbed a china cup for me filled with cake balls. "You get to keep the cup," she whispered to me and winked. "I chose a good one for you."
The room where everyone was eating had ten windows at least, and in this room the wooden floor was painted a nice blue. There were fifteen tables, with seven or so chairs at each one. Every table had a picture of the bride and groom, as well as a vase with peacock feathers and paper flowers, the petals of which were rolled pages of literature books. The table I was eventually led to supported a picture of the couple on the grass staring at each other adoringly. Rachael, I saw, was a blonde with a lily in her hair.
When we sat down at the table with the many guests wearing fedoras and pin-stripe suits and loose black dresses, they were conversing amongst themselves and did not look at me twice. Margaret sat across from me, sipped on a glass of champagne she had acquired, and watched me in silence. I ate.
As I did, my head cleared, and the sense of the surreal began lifting. I remember suddenly being able to see and hear again, and that a plague of questions and shock and guilt ran through me. I was at somebody's wedding - a person whom I did not know - I was eating their food, across from a strange woman who had found me in a grave and had seen my syringe. There was heroin in my pocket. There were tracks on my arms. I could not remove my jacket, not there, and I yelled to myself in the caverns of my mind to remember that.
And Roland was dead. Yes, he was gone. Cyrus had burned him, and I could never bring him back again. I could have cried right then.
Every time one of these realizations shot through my head, I looked up at Margaret. Each time I looked, she seemed all the more knowing.
When I was finally done eating, she asked, "Feeling better?"
I nodded my head, and I knew what was coming. The syringe. She would want to know.
But instead, she carried on cheerily as though something far more acceptable existed between us. "Jack, I know you must only be fifteen or sixteen, but have you ever experienced postmodern art?" She looked at me with inquisitive green eyes. After choking on this thought like I did the food, I said simply and softly, "No."
"Ah," she said, "Well some say it's shit." She paused and looked out across the guests. I wondered if she was seeking any in particular. "They say that it lacks the beauty of classic art and has no meaning. But there are others, people like me, who absolutely disagree with those assholes." She said 'assholes' lovingly, and it made me smirk. "I admit that the postmodern is repetitious and does not focus on beauty alone, but that is no reason to be so liberal with its destruction. What we believe postmodern art does is what all art is supposed to do: present what cannot be presented. The vastness of space, for instance, cannot be told." She swung her arm out and slammed it down on the table. It was startling. "If you even try to grasp it, your mind starts to get dizzy. But art is supposed to present it. And that is what the postmodern does. Do you understand?"
I shook my head carefully in acknowledgement.
"Wonderful," she said, with a flick of her wrist, "Now now. There is a poet by the name of Anis Mojgani, whom I heard one day. It really was a wonderful retreat, that whole week. But yes, Mr. Mojgani. He has captured this idea of art quite well. 'I want you,' he said in his poem that he read to us that marvelous night, 'to draw me a picture of what smoking a cigarette feels like.' Well, now. What a great example! Presenting that which cannot be caught or bound! Purifying into a drop the complicated amalgam of the human condition. And I, my dear Jack, have a question for you like Anis Mojgani. What, pray tell, would you choose to represent the soul? Of all the things in the world, what would you choose?"
This woman, in one simple question, had opened up worlds for me She was like a smelling salt. And somehow, I sensed within my very skull the blooming of hundreds of red roses. I felt their petals brush against the roof and walls within. And in this simple moment, I suddenly began to wonder if perhaps we shake hands with God in agreement to the lives we live, before we are even born. And then I wondered what I might have agreed to.
"For me," Margaret said, "as an example, I picture a lung. A healthy, working lung. Just a few years back - oh, perhaps ten or so - a doctor friend of mine gave me interesting pictures of cancerous, black lungs as well as pictures of healthy, pink ones, to show me how they compared. He thought I might like them. He was right. For some reason or another, the healthy one stuck with me, and then, when I thought of the soul one day, I just... associated it. I am still not sure why, but there it is, my dear. The soul is a lung for me - a healthy, vital, living lung. As for you, though, what do you look at that screams 'soul'? What do you picture to present what can't be presented?"
It was dinoagellates. It was "diphenyl oxalate." It was, yes it was, "luciferin." But I did not know these complicated words then. What I imagined in my head was a liquid sapphire plasma, and that is exactly what I told her. "When I was in middle school... a girl in my class had a pen with a clear sphere on the top. In that sphere was a blue liquid that, when shaken or swirled, glowed. I loved watching that pen," I admitted to her. "I've never seen one since. But that would be the soul for me. The liquid. I mean... you ask yourself, 'What does the blood of a soul look like?' It would have to be something brilliant, you know? It would have to be a glowing cobalt blue plasma."
I thought to myself that the only reason I could admit this was because we were so anonymous, because she did not know me, nor I her. Had we been closer, I would not have replied a thing.
"That is very beautiful, Jack," Margaret replied. "Very beautiful, indeed. You surprised me. Most people don't say anything. They never think about these things. Why not, I do not know. Have you thought about this sort of thing often? Are you a philosopher already?"
"I have never," I said, "thought of anything like this in my life."
"You should." She smiled. "These questions are life itself. Art is life itself."
"I have been fond of poetry," I confessed.
"Oh!" she exclaimed. "What kind?"
I shook my head and looked away. "Not the kind you read."
Margaret lifted her champagne and took another swig. The laughter and tinks of plates surrounded us, which made it all the more noticeable we were in a glass globe of our own making. The snow had gone aswirl.
"I did not see a syringe down there in that tomb with you," Margaret said with a lower, but still kind, tone, "but if I had, why might it be there?" She pursed her lips and winked.
I looked into her blue eyes, and I wasn't sure just how far the safety of anonymity would cloak me.
"Has the glowing plasma run out for you, Jack?" she asked.
I looked round the room at those in 1920s garb, I thought of Cyrus. "I don't understand this world, anymore," I told her. "That's why you didn't see such a syringe."
She nodded her head and closed her eyes. When she opened them, she asked, "In what way?"
I shrugged and moved my hand as though I were pouring the meaning out on the table to dissect. "I don't think there are any souls, except in things, like you said. The idea of them."
Her eyebrows furrowed. "I don't know what that means."
"The world's evil," I said. "There's nothing redeeming about it. Nobody meaningful is human."
"Oh?" she said, and her eyebrows raised. She almost smirked, but she did not. "Have you been to Venice and seen monsters there?" she asked.
I raised my eyebrows questioningly, but she did not elaborate. "No," I replied.
"Then did you go to Paris and see the vampires on the streets draining the blood of the innocent?"
I shook my head, and her example made me smile. "I've never been to Paris."
"Well then, have you gone to Japan and seen the witches harvesting children?"
"Of course not."
"Then what have you seen?"
"Worse things than that."
"Oh? Where are these worse things?"
"Home."
This gave her pause. "When it gets that bad, then that's not home," she said.
I rubbed my face and felt the capillaries in my cheeks and eyes liven. I shook my head, not knowing what to say in response. "I'm so tired."
"You look it."
Another silence stiffened between us, me and this stranger.
"What is so bad about where you live?" she asked.
"That is one item not up for discussion," I said, and I shook my head at her.
"Oh, really? It's enough to risk an overdose to wash away, but not enough to ask for help, hm?"
That made me smile. "You can't help me."
"Why not?"
"The world won't let you."
Margaret smiled broadly. "But I thought we just agreed that you don't know the world. You know your 'home'." She used air quotations. "That's all."
I bit my lip hard and thought on this.
"You are fifteen? Sixteen? I do apologize for being so blunt, but you don't know a damn thing about what's out there." She grinned, and I saw her perfectly straight, white teeth. "What you think you know... it might be true for this one square inch of where you are, but there are millions of miles out there to explore, and trust me. What's true for one isn't true for another. Whatever or whoever's king or queen of the castle at 'home' can't be everywhere. What if all you needed to do was take a step out of the kingdom? Just one. To the left. Hm?"
"I would trip," I said quietly, but there was an edge of uncertainty underlying my words.
"And you would still land further away from where you started. And you'd dust yourself off. And you'd keep walking." She planted her hand on the table and tapped it with every word. "Just. Like. Everybody. Else."
She threw her hands in the air and shook her head. "I do not know your position or problems, but I guarantee you, there exists a portion of the world out there where they will disappear. Poof!" she said. She waved her hands about as though thrusting glitter and dust. "Well, maybe not disappear. Some might stick with you. We all have our scars, after all." And she touched the upper right side of her face, just above her right eye, where a horizontal scar wandered within her eyebrow. "But people and things are often tied to locations, and when you leave those scenes, they more than likely will never follow. They don't know how, because they don't normally tread that far."
"Fuck," I whispered, and she did not bat an eye at my curse. Inside myself, I felt something propelling fast. Tumbling, bouncing, and running again.
"Who are you?" I asked.
She shook her head and looked round the wedding guests. "Just your average person, Jack." She smiled at me again with all of her teeth. "I like to think I'm special," she laughed. "But really, I'm like most."
"Really?" I said smartly. "Noone's ever pulled me out of a grave before."
She nodded her head and shrugged her shoulders. "And most teenagers don't literally fall into graves.
"But good isn't that sparse, Jack. You should know this. In my one square inch of the world, at least, it has free reign. I would dare say you might find a whole square foot out there filled with it. Maybe it flickers occasionally, like a light bulb not screwed in too tight, but it's there."
"Why wasn't I born in it?" I asked, and I saw her cock her head to the side in wonder. "Like everyone else. Why wasn't it meant for me?"
She reached across the table then, and grabbed my hands in hers, and the look of utter compassion was both refreshing and unfamiliar. The skin of her fingers felt thin and washed, soft like lotion had been massaged in. With one hand she held my wrist gently, and with the other she pushed my sleeve up to my elbow, and she inspected the bruises. I did not pull away.
"I can't tell you why you are where you are," she said, like a gypsy analyzing the lines of my palm. "All I can tell you is that where you begin does not make you what you are. That, if things are so bad, you should leave. To know that there's something better for you, in the unknown. Not more of the same." She tapped the bend of my elbow. "Not more of this."
"Do you swear that's true?" I asked.
I saw just a little resistance there, behind her eyes. An internal conflict. A questioning. If she had said 'no,' I'm not sure what I would have done. But she did not say 'no.'
She said, with the weight of an anvil, "I do." And then, "But don't worry, Jack. Don't worry about where you start off or why. Life is all about breaking habits, getting away from your origins, no matter what they are - breaking ties to things that you love, but hold you down and back, sometimes simply because they are what once was, rather than what will be. Trust me, the more habits you can break, the better off you are."
"There's no loyalty," I said, "in that."
"No, I suppose there's not. But maybe that is for the best." She shook her shoulders questioningly. "Loyalty is tricky. It's often the last thread. That which we fall back on when all else goes. It is only needed when no reasons are left. Sometimes it's necessary to just cut that away."
I'm good at cutting, I thought to myself.
Margaret frowned, thinking hard, still looking at my arm, and said, "At some point, you realize that there are things in the world that make you more you than your origins. And it's a powerful thing. You're just so young," and she smiled, "you have yet to experience it. But I hope you do.
"I hope you drop the needle and ask for some help."
I didn't bat an eye. "Did you have anything to run from... when you were my age?"
She paused and shook her head, the pin in her hat reflecting the light bulbs above us. "No, I did not. I mean, nothing terrible. I had a good home. A bad husband, later on, but a good home."
I looked down and pulled my sleeve back over my track marks. "What did your husband do?" I asked.
She smiled at me. "He was abusive."
"How?" And the quickness in which I asked this made me wonder if she would dare answer, but she did.
"Oh, in all the ways. Verbally. Physically." She sighed, her eyes darkening ever-so-slightly. "The problem is, you don't see it at first, and by the time you do, the connection is so strong, it's hard to let go. Of the loyalty." She smiled at me. "You're not dropped into boiling water. You're dropped into a lukewarm pot, and the temperature slowly rises. Sometimes it takes a while to notice you're cooking, and then, well, it's still hard."
"I understand," I said, and I avoided her eyes, for such a connection made me uncomfortable. "I just wonder why it is."
"Learned helplessness," she replied. "You forget how strong you are. You're blind to the proof. And then you become attached, loyal beyond reason, because it's easier, a habit, a beautifully automatic thing you dare not touch. But, of course, you're dying inside all the while. The last thread is strong, so strong, until finally... finally..."
"Snip," I replied.
"Snip."
* * *
Margaret took me to my car - not too far from the church - and she dropped me off from her limo - the likes of which I had only seen in Cyrus's grasp. It was almost like arriving back to reality from a cruise ship. A very nice, leather interior, clinking, sparkling, soothing cruise ship, with music and whiskey.
When I opened the door to step out, I thanked her for everything.
Margaret laughed, and it sounded so innocent, so womanly. "Jack, dear. Hear me now. What you are makes up for what you're not. Do you understand me?"
"Yes," I said. "I think so."
"No matter what you've done, what has been done to you, you can step out of it."
I peered at her.
She smiled. "Look... here's my card," and she handed me what appeared to be a business card the color of bone. I read her name, number, and address. "You call me," she said, "No matter the time. No matter the day. No matter if you feel like you're in too much trouble for me to handle. You call me, or you stop by. Okay?"
At first I didn't know what to say, but then, finally, I settled on the truth. "I probably won't call you, but... I'll keep the card. In case."
"Really," she said, "there's no reason not to."
I nodded, put her card in my inside jacket pocket next to the heroin, and said goodbye. I stepped out of the car and into the bright world, walked the few steps to my car, got in, closed the door, sighed, and watched the limo drive away. I remembered how I did not trust the wealthy, but how they nevertheless flocked to me. And then I thought of how Margaret, in every way, had destroyed my assumptions about them. Not only this, but how she had destroyed every way in which I knew the world worked.
It made me ready.
I went home, I packed my sister's bags, and that night, I sent her on her way, entrusting her with the stick shift to drive like I had taught her, to get herself there. Or at least to get far out of the city, and then to call her father. I kissed her and hugged her, and she cried, and the night she drove away, I cried, too, but, it was done.
I was so glad I had prepared piecemeal, like I knew before I knew. The list had gone on and on: teach her to drive, find the address, keep the tank full. Just in case.
I had wanted it before I wanted it. And then, all that was needed...
Margaret had made blood ooze out of the paper of life. She had awakened me, and I saw all.

Chapter 28
THE BRIM
We were in the tenth story of an apartment complex, out on the back porch, gazing at Richard's infinity pool. There was cocaine in the salt shakers and wild hibiscus flowers in the champagne. They tasted like dried mango. We had just arrived, and people darted around us like ants among sugar.
"You want a little..." and Richard tapped the side of his nose gently, asking both Patrick and me. Richard was tall and thin with brown hair and brown eyes. His hair was elegantly messy, and I could read in silver "Armani" on his black shirt and jeans. There was a short blonde with long hair that hung on his arm, and she wore the thinnest blue silk dress and no bra. The tips of her nipples tentatively jutted against the cloth. She kept rubbing her nose and shaking her head voraciously.
Patrick was there to enjoy himself. "You mean a little Snow White? Aye." He headed to the glass table to the left of the pool, and sat on the empty yellow couch beside it.
"Alright!" Richard said. "Maybe get a little Dopey, Sneezy, Happy, Grouchy."
"Maybe go for a magic carpet ride later," Patrick replied and winked.
"Oh-oh!" exclaimed Richard. "Yeah... after this shit, you'll have so much wood they'll start calling you Pinocchio."
"Aye," Patrick said solemnly, "and then you get a reputation for splinters. Start having to polish yourself off."
The blonde was laughing, and I was forming my own perfect lines of Snow White.
Eventually, I whispered in Patrick's ear the unnecessary words, "Let's get fucking high."
We already were.
And then the whole night was glasses clinking together, and woman laughter, the sound of red high heels against concrete, and wet silk swishing in the water.
Patrick and I had fallen into the pool fully-clothed and headed straight to the infinity end, overlooking the city. The water was warm. I touched his arm through the wet linen, and every muscle in my body tightened. His wet lips found mine until I pulled away and leaned myself against the glass, propping my arms on the ledge.
"What is it about you," he said in his lyrical voice. "What is it about you that makes everyone feel safe?"
I almost laughed. "I don't know what you're talking about," and I went to kiss him again, but he stopped me.
"If I had to subsist on the things you let me know about yourself, I would have starved to death by now."
"You wouldn't be the first Irishman to do so."
He put his hands about my throat, jokingly. "I ought to strangle you." When he let me go, he grabbed my hand. "But really. You are a striking individual. Just as striking as when I first met you.
"There is something different in you than in any other person. I want to know what made you. I want to know your life."
I did not like these questions, and I darted from them.
"What about you, Patrick?" I asked. "What made you. And why are you here?"
"Why am I here?" he repeated and smiled, grabbing at me in the water.
"Yes." I looked around, surveying the scene. "You are it - the real fucking deal. Millions in the bank. Connections. Everything. And you're getting a degree you don't need, with these thirty-thousand-dollar-a-year-millionaires."
I saw the dimple in Patrick's cheek come alive as he smiled, and again he took my hands in his. "Maybe I have performance anxiety."
"You don't have performance anxiety," I said.
"How would you know," he asked, "when you've never seen me perform?"
"Cute," I replied. "But not what I want."
He sighed and sobered his speech. "There is no doing better. There is no such thing as it. As for the rest," he looked back towards the men and women, "we'll talk about it at my loft."

It was hours later when our conversation continued, and when it did, Patrick had started a fire and had given me a pair of his Grinch pants and a long sleeved undershirt to wear. We pushed the couch close to the fireplace and sat together on it, defrosting our numb limbs.
"You want some heroin?" he asked, and I shook my head 'no.'
But as he was beginning to prepare the syringe for himself, and I saw the needle glint in the flickering fire, I stopped him. "Not till you tell me," I said, "why you lower yourself."
Patrick leaned close to me, sighed, and said, "I don't need anything. I don't want anything. At any point in time, my Father can send me off to rehab, lock me away. So, I keep my grades up. But... I'm just like you and everybody else."
"How so?"
"Escaping." He said this word like he was smoking it. "Twenty-four seven." He took his long and slender fingers and ran them through his hair. "Jerk off, shoot up, snort, smoke, drink, sleep, dream, fuck, read, watch anything to get away from it."
"What is 'it'?"
Patrick's eyes flicked to me, and I watched his face in the pale light, the shadows of his high cheekbones flickering darker and lighter, his maroon hair casting grassy looking shadows on his forehead. "That is the question, isn't it?" he asked, and I knew he would not tell me.
I reached for his arm and pressed lightly across his creamy skin, on his blue vein, watching it puff up ever-so-slightly, knowing that soon it would be torn.
"One day we won't be anonymous," he told me. "One day we'll talk about my Father and Mother and God, and the people you knew and know now. Where you came from. And all the..."
"Trauma," I finished for him, and the weight of the word drew my eyes across his bare chest and to his face.
"trauma, yes. We'll spend days talking. The outside world will disappear. Not a single lie will be told, and things won't feel so stagnant. It'll be quick - a rush - and then it can never be like we never knew each other."
I pressed again on his vein. "Yes."
He shook his head. "If I could trap you in this room and force from you that knowledge, I would Jack, but you won't tell me, so, for now, we're at an impasse. Now, if I could please have my vein back, I'm going to make it a very happy vein."
I let his arm go. "If you were a drug," I said, "you would be an upper."
"Why thank you," and he sat upright, grabbing a lighter, a spoon, and cotton.
I touched the hand that held the syringe. "I just want you to know that what you are makes up for what you're not."
He looked at me squarely. "Thank you," he said, and there was no joking this time. No facade of humor.
He tapped the syringe as though deliberating on what I meant or waiting for me to say more. "I am not lying when I say that there is an energy in you. I sound crazy when I say it, I feel crazy when I think it, but there is just something about you..." he stopped. "I have never felt safer in my life."
He looked down and, eventually, used the needle to puncture his skin, a speck of blood poured, and then he was in bliss, and I was beside him.
I touched the dimple on his cheek, and he smiled, kissed my hand, his rough beard scratching my tender inner wrist like a burning perfume. I slid my hand down his neck, touched the inner lines of his collarbone and remarked how flawless his pale skin was, noted the sparse freckles about his shoulders. I placed my palm against his abdomen, and he grabbed my hand.
"Cold," he said with closed eyes.
I pulled his feet up onto the couch, laid him out on his side so that his back was against the sofa's back. I took my fingers and pressed against the needle tear.
Eventually, I put another log on the fire and curled up next to him, felt him breathe in my hair, felt his cold feet against mine. And then, soon, I too drifted away.

A noise startled me. My eyes shot open.
A man in black stood between me and the bright fire.
I turned my head up quickly.
"Shhhhh," he said quietly and brought a finger to his mouth. There were two others in Patrick's living room.
I recognized all three of them. Not from the old days. They were the new ones - the ones who had taken me the night of Patrick's party and needed my help in searching for their unknown client.
I peered into the eyes of the man I had talked to only three weeks before, and they sparkled like cats' eyes. He pointed to the door of the loft.
"It's time," he whispered.

Chapter 29
THE MASTER
I remember the lemon tasted particularly sweet that day.
I remember just how the curtains parted to let the sunshine through, into the white bedroom.
How delicious the sounds of my footsteps were, going down the hall.
How the greenhouse's flowers collided like paints.
There were saints in every breath.
What I mean is, I knew exactly what I would do.

It was noon when I made my way back through the forest with the thin trees, taking the same path as the one I had treaded under Cyrus's command.
This time, I carried things with me - things that I knew the bright man might want.
When I made it to the porch of the Victorian-looking home, I saw it for what it was, not what it was made to appear, and when I stepped into the empty living area, with its one chair and the one being residing in it, I recognized that the man with lightning in his body was not sick. He was trapped.
He turned his head to look at me and smiled. "Back, are we?"
"Of course," I said.
"Come to try and kill me again?"
"Never."
I dropped my backpack on the floor, and a metallic clunk! resounded.
"I was wrong about you," I whispered.
The man peered at the bag on the floor and began uncurling himself from the soft chair. "You are not the only one who is surprised."
I told him, walking just a few steps about the empty den, "I asked myself, why doesn't that man do something? Why doesn't he fly out into the night and destroy Cyrus and all of his followers and save me? Why does he cut pieces of himself off and send them out into the world in people that are sent his way? And then I realized..."
But I did not finish the thought. Instead, I returned to my bag, stooped, and opened it. I brought out an urn and set it before him. "Roland," I said.
The man with stars in his body stood from his chair, and he dropped his blanket into the seat. He strode to me with a determined step, his body looking strong and lithe suddenly, the lightning in his veins burning brilliantly.
He touched the urn slowly, held it gracefully, and brought it to himself. He twisted the lid off and peered within. His black eyes darted to me and stared.
"They kept me in the basement until his body was dust. I couldn't bring him back. I tried.
"But at least now Roland isn't there to die Cyrus's deaths for him anymore. He is finally at peace."
I pulled the second object out of the bag. "I realized, though, long after I had left, long after I had resurrected the first ones with what you gave me, that these rooms are white." I looked about me. "All of them are as white as the rooms in Cyrus's."
I shook my head. "The box has been here before... or one like it. And this place... it isn't your home. It's your prison." Within my palms, I held the red velvet creature - Cyrus's prized possession. I had stolen it from him easily, for he had over-estimated my weakness, my depression at losing Roland; he had also under-estimated my sex. As soon as he told me he never thought of me as a woman, I knew it was a lie.
As I stood in the room with the brilliant stranger, I could have sworn I felt the box breathe.
"I do not think," I continued, "that this is the only box in the world. I do not think Cyrus is the only man who believes he's God. But I do believe you do away with them - all these monstrous things and people." I looked at the brilliant strikes in his flesh, the fire that smoldered inside him. "If there's anyone in the world that can burn the damned thing, it's you. If there ever was a place where these things were destroyed," I looked about the white home again, "this is it."
I stood from the bag on the floor and took a step towards him, so that we were only a foot apart. "And if I were Cyrus, and had managed to find a way to lock up something like you inside a place like this, if that is indeed what he has done, I'd make sure I left the key where no other person in the world could look without going insane."
I placed the box in the brilliantine stranger's warm hands. "I cannot do it on my own," I whispered. "I cannot kill him."
"I know," he said, and I thought I saw a smile begin at the edge of his lips.
"That is why I started searching my mind for anyone I knew who could and would be willing to do what I cannot. All I could think of was you.
"I realized it made no sense why you had not killed him. I was trapped from seeing the truth. You were trapped from making me see."
The man eyed the box and set it, as well as the urn in his right hand, on the floor gently. When he righted himself, I promised him, "I will do whatever you ask."
He placed a hand on either of my shoulders and brought me close. "After this ends, you are not going to be on this island anymore. Where you will be, there are no men who can resurrect themselves, there are none who can kill people with a word, none who can use boxes to destroy people's minds. There are no men with lightning in their veins. Most likely, we will never cross paths again. Where we are is a quilting point beyond the norms of humanity. But you will never lose what I gave you."
I nodded to him as he spoke, and I could feel a warmth and tenderness enter me as he touched my arms. "Even while you are out there, and a normality sinks in far kinder and simpler than anything you have ever experienced, you will carry a piece of this with you, into that normal world. I want that this should help you.
"You were not wrong about me. I can and will kill him. I will destroy all of them. But only on the condition that you will never try to bring it back. I must know you can let it be, and that when you do resurrect souls from death, it will never be to revive such a world as where you have lived. You must promise me."
"I swear," I said. "I would never want this again."
"And above all, you must not become like him."
"You mean Cyrus?" I asked. He nodded. I almost laughed. "Never."
"Because you are not wrong," he said. "There are other boxes, and they offer the most wondrous of things. It is too easy to lose oneself in this world. It is too easy to be trapped."
I assented and swallowed hard as he gave one curt nod, stepped away from me, and picked up Cyrus's box from the floor. "You should go now," he said. I did as he asked, only looking back once.
He was inspecting the box, his body beginning to shine.

Before I went to the police station, before I confessed it all and stood in their simple cream hallways with my bruises and scars, I stopped at the edge of Cyrus's property to see if things had changed. For the longest time, it looked no different to me, and I feared that it never would be.
Then, in one of the windows, like the smallest flake of a beginning snow, I saw one brief flash of light. Then in all the windows there were flashes, like a lightning storm had broken out inside, and then finally fire could be seen from the roof.
They are dying, I thought, all of them, finally. I was correct, for the most part... except that, as I would later discover, there was one important person missing. Alex was not there and would escape it all.
Where I sat in the car, there was the faint smell of blood, a little bone. But on that property, near these woods, that was not unusual. Not a soul could have understood the difference.
If one had cared to listen, though, just the right distance away, he would have heard it. The high-pitched squeal, not unlike that of a drill, but just heightened somehow, as though it belonged in a slaughterhouse. But then again, on that property, near those woods, in that city, not a soul may have understood the difference.
But I understood. And my heart was warmed.

Chapter 30
WELCOME
I am free.
I fear, yes. I am so lucky to fear.
And taste it.
And eat it.
And live meaning.
I remind myself of these things as I sit here, in the car. They are driving me, to where I don't know. Perhaps to hell. Yes, that would be nice. Anything is nice tonight. I will make it so.
For I am everything and nothing. Alive and dead. Full circle. And nothing will break me anymore.
What is that sound? Is it my heart? How slow it did beat, but now it quickens.
I am thirsty again. The old wants course through me. I thought they were gone, but they have arrived on a silver platter, and a demon points to the ones I chew.
Something is out there. It glistens in the night of ice and chain and blood, and my body tightens as though Patrick is near, but he sleeps, and I am far away. But we are all together, we are always together. I know that now. A bullet, a knife, a wound, a coffin, they will not separate me from the world.
The car pulls into a drive, and we exit.
Where are we? I search. It is the woods, and yet we stand before a club as though in a city full of restaurants, businesses, and blushing people in the cold. But we are not in a full-fledged city. We are nowhere, and yet here it is - a building, so steep and deep.
We enter that building, and there is a long dark hall in which a fat black man sits on a stool, and when we arrive, he stands. There are five of us, and four move on ahead, but the youngest one stays with me, this man named Asher, and he holds me still while the bouncer takes out two markers.
The first marker is black. My head is pushed to the side, and I feel the marker's tip against my skin, crawling up and down, then side to side, as the black man pushes it against me.
"What are you marking me for?" I ask, but he does not respond.
Another marker he takes, after he blows warm breaths upon me like a wolf, and he marks me just the same, covering his previous tracks, but what color of this marker is, I cannot tell. It smells different. And then this smudging ends.
"Come," Asher tells me, and I move forward, behind him, through a doorway, into yet another dark hall.
This new hallway has black lights and a mirror at the end, and when I see myself in the purple luminescence, I remark that on my skin is a glowing cross that covers my neck from jaw to collar. It is haphazard and slanted, but a cross nonetheless, and though I stoop to inspect the blue-ish white fluorescence, Asher grabs me, and pulls me further in, and now I notice the bass and the fast music like I'm in a body with notes for blood.
No more black lights. These lights are bright, and there are people everywhere, many naked, many in leather lingerie, and the floor below me illuminates them from below like mannequins, showing their sex, but these plastic figures move, beautiful as they are, and become grotesque as they brighten with red. I look below me and the floor, as white as it was, now squishes with red that flows as I walk, as though my very steps make it bleed. The crimson washes forward with the beat of the music, leading to the boy ahead of me like a red brick road.
I touch my chest. Flowing through me is no longer the pulsation of my heart, but the beating of the bass that weights the air. It seeps into me, and it is too loud. I reach into my pockets and pull out my ear plugs. I stuff them into my ears, but it's as though I don't have them at all.
I look round.
Some people are fucking on tables. Some are drinking while they fuck at the bar. Others are on chains being led round like cattle or dogs, and the entire place speaks of a sex I do not know, have never had, will never understand.
As I walk, following Asher before me, many close in, touching my neck, inspecting me, where the cross is branded in. They smile, knowingly. I want to ask them what it means, but then they grab me.
A woman kisses me, and then Asher is pushing her back and pulling me forward to a larger, gaping room with no windows, but tall, tall vaulted ceilings.
Three tiers of balconies surround me, filled to their brim with strange naked people and their raucous calls. They are watching me closely.
I look round myself to inspect the scene. There are tables on the ground level filled with people in all manner of sexual release, and I look at them in the midst of this sex like they are animals, until the largest thing in the room catches my eye. It's so large I nearly miss it, hanging from the room on the wall across from me. This is not a secular group, I realize. Or, it is the most secular group.
Across from me is a Christ crucified, but erect, a giant penis protruding in the midst of his struggles and pain. His head is upturned, his eyes distant, but he enjoys. Anyone can see how this wood is carved to be so. And I ask myself, where the fuck I am.
That's when I notice there are other such crucifixion figures, but they lay on the floor, and women are pleasuring themselves with them.
"Come on," I hear, and I look ahead across the too bright room to where Asher calls me. "Is this our man?" he yells to me, and he points. I can barely move my gawking eyes to where his finger leads me, but as I walk and the crowds move back, I see a head of white hair sitting in a chair at a table.
He faces away from me, but from my vantage, it appears he holds a card hand. At the table with him are three members of my group. They are talking, but as I approach, their eyes shift to me, and they quit speaking.
I forget the music as the blonde man is forced to turn round, to see on whom their attention is placed. I hope to see Alex.
He turns. It is not Alex, but I do know this man. It is Julian.
The shock on his face is as great as how I feel, and I walk to him carefully, making sure that the table resides between us. "A blast from the fucking past," Julian says. "You're supposed to be dead."
I moved my hands out, motioning towards the hell around me. "I think I am."
Julian smiles, his smile fades, and he looks to the leader of this group that has brought me. "Jas, you told me she was dead."
I wondered at that name. Jas? But the man he looks to only turns to me and says, "Is this him?" I shake my head.
"No," I say. "But he's as good as Alex. He'll get you to the man you want just the same. The people you want." That's when I notice that Julian as well has a cross painted on his neck.
"What do these mean?" I yell to him under the flashing lights and music, pointing to my neck and his.
Julian smiles, and he does not hesitate. "That the club permits us one victim." He sucks his teeth as though cleaning them of sugar. "It also means that if we die, no one will ever know. They have an incinerator." And it seems he sighs and resigns himself, that he has made a connection I have not, but there is so much to take in.
"You're fucking kind of club," I say, and I sweep my eyes across the expanse. The five men that have brought me here are conversing amongst themselves. They call another man over, and they speak with him.
In the meantime, two very large and intimidating bouncers lift Julian from his chair and hold him. I notice that Julian is well built, but not large. Still, he has grown since the last time we spoke - the night when the box spoke to me.
I wonder if I look different to him as well.
Then Asher is there with me, and the music has stopped, and the lights have stopped flashing. In the instant silence, the crowd of people scream in wild roars. They are exhilarated.
"You said you wanted Alex to kill. Well, this is the best we can do," Asher says, and for a moment I do not understand.
I see weapons of all sorts being brought into the room, tables being moved, and those weapons laid out in a line.
"You get the chance to fight Julian fair," he says, but he grimaces when he states this.
"What?!" I yell at him. "What do you mean 'fair?'"
Asher shakes his head. "This is how it runs. You choose one weapon. He chooses one weapon. No guns. You fight."
I looked at Julian's tall and muscular figure. "Look at me!" I scream at Asher. "I'll die. I can't fight him."
Asher raises his hands, will look at me no longer. "That's what Jas has bought tonight." He walks away from me. I stand there stunned, my heart racing, my blood coursing, and then the two men close to Julian pat him down and move away, leaving him in the center of the room. Julian smiles, and the two men come to me. They search me as well, and they take my black jacket from me.
"How is this fucking fair?!" I yell to them. "Look at me!" They say nothing.
They want me dead, I realize. This takes it off their hands, gives them a show.
I watch the chanting crowd and realize that I am done for. I am shaking. And I consider slitting my own throat as soon as I can grab a knife.
I try to step to the man who first abducted me, first took me to that room, showed me that file, called me interesting - this man they call "Jas" - but the bouncers will not let me, and they usher me to the line of weapons across from Julian.
I eye hatchets, knives, maces, katanas, all manner of items. But of course, there are no equalizers, no guns. I pick up a medium-sized knife. Julian picks a katana. When we both leave the stand of weapons, one of the bouncers looks at my knife like, "Really?" but I don't respond.
We stand fifteen feet from one another, our weapons in our hands, and Julian does not look supremely sure of himself, but I am fairly certain he will win. Yes, he will win, I know. I am too small, but I will try, swim forth into the fray, and die. This is the night. I try to make it feel wonderful.
A man I've never seen before steps between us. He is shirtless, but wears a tuxedo jacket and jeans. His hair is long, brown, and straight. He looks electric. He takes a microphone into his hand and says in a dramatic voice, "On the count of three, you begin. You have thirty minutes for one to kill the other, or both of you die." He smiles.
He raises his hand into the air, holding a three up with his last three fingers of his hand, and I steady myself. I know what I will do.
"Two," passes, "one," and then just as his arm drops down, I hold my breath, swinging the knife in my hand sweetly into the air and catching it, just like I was taught. It feels just like the old days.
I grab it by its tip, tilting it slightly to the right, delving deliciously into comforting habit. I hold that tip tightly, almost tight enough to cut me, and then my arm is back and chucking it forward, just like the night with the rapists in the woods, when they rose into the branches as though God took them from me, but Julian does not rise, no. He does not expect the first blow so soon.
The knife sticks deeply in his stomach, right below his chest, where the xyphoid processor lays. Yes, I know. I've cut many bodies there before.
The katana waivers, nearly falls from his hand, and I'm unzipping my jeans now. I'm ripping them off ferociously, and now I have them. I wrap them around my left arm, grasping them with my hand like a shield, and I move towards him. The crowds call, I think, but I do not hear them. The lights above us shine, showing Julian to me in a heavenly light. It is just me and him in a bright world, and he is faltering already.
I am upon him, like a wolf in the night, ready to consume him, rip his arm from his body, gnaw through it, bury him.
He tries standing, but his eyes are wide, and I know what that means. The shock has set in. As I approach him, he swings the katana quickly, but I hold my hand up with the jeans wrapped round, and though the impact makes me gasp in pain, I know that he has not pierced me. I stand and kick the knife further in, and Julian falls to the ground. I drop on him. I pry the katana from his fingers and pull it away.
I rip my knife from his flesh, wrench it free from the skin as if from stone, and I hear him scream. He is reaching for the katana again, but he is too slow! I have the knife. It's in both my hands, and I am bringing it down! I'm about to slam it into his throat and kill him. It will be...!
But as my arms are swinging upon him, I'm pulled back. There is something holding me, slowing me, stopping me, and I feel them pull. I cannot swing. Julian grabs the katana and swings it at me, and I feel its tip slice into my stomach as I'm wrenched from him. I scream!
Blood pours from my wound, and I am dragged across the floor. With my scream, there are hundreds of other voices, threading, intertwining, dangling with me, and then I'm being dragged, pushed, pulled across the room and into an elevator, and a voice whispers at my ear, "We need him. I'm sorry. You can't kill him."
I am hitting and kicking and strangling the man who owns this voice, but then he flips me around and holds me close until the elevator stops and the doors open.
My stomach hurts too much for me to continue the fight. I can feel things inside me threatening to slip through. He pushes me into another room, and then in a few seconds more I'm atop a table, and he's yelling at me.
It's the young one, I see. Not Jas, but Asher. He bends over me and yells, "Shut up and listen! You've got a second chance, if you play it smart! The boss may not kill you! Shhhh. Listen! He needs Julian. He's interrogating him now! But he will come for you, and he will question you, and if you answer correctly, if you give him what he wants!, he will let you live. He is impressed." And then this boy snaps his fingers, and there's an older man there with a smile in his eyes, and he begins to inspect me.
"This is Doctor McElroy," says the young man with black hair and blue eyes. "He will help you." I fight this Doctor off until I realized the amount of blood pouring out of me.
"Mmm, yes," he says. "Needs stitches."
And slowly, as the young man forces bitter pills down into my mouth, the Doctor sews me up, and against my will, I am calmer and still again. My muscles relax, my head swoons, but I am still aware - calm, but inside still bright, as bright as the room had been where Julian was.
Suddenly, I am clothed again, and sitting on a couch, and soon there are other men around me talking, whispering, drinking, laughing.
I fear, more than anything else, that when this boss arrives he will be Cyrus.
I worry as well that the gash in my stomach has killed what the bright man placed inside me, and when I see in the corner of the room a dead moth, I crawl to it quickly. I touch it, wait, watch, and finally its wings flutter, and I feel utter relief as it crawls along the floor. I slip back to the couch and lay there, waiting amongst the men.
The young one comes to me and whispers, "The boss is here. Sit up." But I continue to slouch, inattentive on the couch, and then someone is in the chair opposite me, and I barely look up to take him in.
This man is not thin, nor heavy. He is of average build and thickness, but well toned, like they all are. He is older - in his forties, perhaps. He does not have a mustache. His face is clean, and he smells of cologne as he nears me.
All about him seems a movement of air, and when he breathes, the atmosphere breathes with him. His clothes are trim and rich. His hair dips below his ear in length, and it is wavy, slightly gray. His face is fairly flat, and his eyes are almond in shape. His skin looks thick, not soft, and his lips are large.
I refuse to say anything to him, and he looks me up and down as someone brings him a cool drink. He sips it and sets it on the coffee table between us, and still he says nothing until, finally, with a voice so smooth it almost sounds inhuman, he asks, "Where did you come from, that you learned to do that sort of thing?"
"A man," I say, but that is all.
"Mm?" he questions me, and again is that breath that moves the very air about him.
"A cult leader," I said. "That took me in when I was young."
"And he taught you these things?" he asks.
I nod.
"Did he frighten you?"
Nobody has ever asked it quite like that. "In the beginning."
"Did he beat you?" he asks.
I nod again.
"Did he torture you?"
"Some."
"Well, that is not what we do here. At least, not to our own."
"I've heard that before," I say, but this man does not respond.
He points to a man at my right shoulder in the room. "Jasper, here, has read about you. He said you talked for a while with your psychologist as though this man who raised you had powers. Julian, when I interrogated him, said the same thing. Did he?"
I shake my head. I know what I am going to say before I even say it. "No."
The man looks at me as though he does not believe me and changes the subject.
"I apologize for taking your kill. It was rude, but I needed him. I did not think I needed you, but these recent events have changed my mind. Something about you is... intriguing." He opened his mouth as if to say more, but instead he smiled. "As for taking your kill and causing you injury, I can repay you for your troubles in plenty."
My stomach swivels uneasily like a fish suddenly awakened.
"Jacqueline, is it? Or Jack?" he asks.
"Whatever you prefer," I say.
He inhales deeply. "I will let you live for three reasons, Jacqueline." He numbers these on his fingers as he says them. "You did not lie to me, you did not die out there, and... I am curious to hear about you. You are... new in my line of work. That doesn't happen often. But..." he draws this word out with a weighty breath, and he moves forward in his seat. "You see these men in this room?" he asks, motioning around. I glance at them. "I hire them out. All of them. They kill. And they get quite rich. That is how they work for me. It is the only line of work I deal in.
"It's hazardous, of course, but lucrative. Would you be interested? It seems, at least for now, you have skills worthy of such an enterprise."
From my left I see the barest of movements, and it is Asher - the boy with dark hair - giving me the smallest nod. This is my hint.
"I swore I'd never work for another maniac."
"I am not a maniac," he replies. "I'm a businessman." I sit, uncertain, amidst the quiet group and do not know what to say.
"There are a few conditions, if you decide to concede," he continues with an edge to his voice. "I require all of my hires to be clean. You'll be drug tested weekly, for a while. You would have to move, of course, eventually quit school. But, in just a short time, you will be making enough money to where that won't matter."
"The state still keeps an eye on me," I say.
The man nods his head. "I am aware... Eventually, though, and maybe sooner than you think, they are going to remove themselves from your life."
He motions with his hand to the man who sewed me up just an hour before. "Quitting your line of drugs can be difficult, and Dr. McElroy would help you with that. He has legal prescriptions that you can take instead, and these would be monitored." He breathes deeply again, "They are safer."
I watch a moth flutter over him, bumbling like a butterfly, and it lands on the knee of his suit. I know what moth that is.
Though the man stares at it, he does not brush it away.
"Tell me," he says. "What is your answer, Jacqueline?"
* * *
I am told that my reward is one free kill any time I return to the club. Any person I choose at any time.
I stand at the balcony, watching the pulsing crowds, feeling disgust crawl through my bones and muscles. The music is going again, but it does not move me. They have hung Julian's body from a post within the hallowed space, and as I see it dangle, I feel sorry for him. This is not the reverence due to death. This is pandemonium.
I realize now that were it not for the things I fear, these Cyrus years, their boss may not have kept me. It is these things he wants to know. It is for these things, at least in part, that he has kept me alive.
But now, something catches my eye. It seems as though there is a show on stage, where a young man with platinum hair sits in a chair, bound, and another man croons over him, touching him here and there, massaging him, pushing his gloved thumbs into the boy's mouth, and there is someone I do not know beside me telling me how much he admires my gall. He asks if I enjoy watching the show with the young man as much as he does, and then he touches my hand. In anger, I lash out. Before I can blink, Asher is there fending him off, and like a vulture, the stranger swoops away.
Asher hands me a drink and says, "They flock to power because they don't have any of their own." Then, "This is not where we normally work. Just so you know, we're better than this. Professional. Quiet. Hidden."
I tell him I understand, but I barely do, I am so tired.
"Come," he says. "It's time to go."

Chapter 31
TRUTH
I stand outside Patrick's loft as he unlocks the door. I am dressed to the nines.
It is still cold outside, but we have decided to speed this process along, and by we, I mean I have.
We're back from a banquet, and Patrick is in his glistening tux. He smiles at me secretly, and then opens the door. We both step inside from the cold, into the warm, hot living room. The curtains are red now, and they stand like gorgeous giants at the far end, catching my eye. I slip off my jacket, lay it on the couch.
He approaches me tenderly and kisses me, running his hands along my silk dress. My gown is dark green with specks of gold, and he counts those specks in some foreign language, kissing them as he goes along.
He steps away from me, still holding my hand, and on the couch we sit.
I smile at him and my eyes graze over his red hair, dimples, his tall, thin frame. I take a deep breath. I take two.
Is tonight the night?
Yes.
Tonight is the night.
I love him. I have loved him ever since the night I met him - that night so long ago - one that I know Patrick does not remember entirely. I think back to that first party with the fireworks and the stripping and the dancing and the pills - after which he had invited me to his loft and, being too drunk to drive, let me take the wheel.
I reminisce on how, when we arrived at his loft, he mixed pills with alcohol, and then meth with heroin, and how, when I had woken in the morning on only the second day that I knew him, Patrick's heart was stopped, his body cold, and the rigor had set in.
I had been forced into the decision before I ever really knew him or could have appropriately judged what my choice should be. I had sat beside his body in the very same room that we are now, thinking, questioning, wondering, and feeling so weary of all the corpses in my life, all the death, all the pain, all the terrible things that invaded my world. And in this hatred of death and coldness, I looked at his face and knew.
My desire for love overrode me. My want of laughter, happiness, and human kindness - everything I had seen in him in just one day - drove me to my decision. I had knelt close to his collapsed form. I had touched him gingerly and kissed his cheek. Then, I brought him back to life.
I remove my hand from Patrick's, and I know I must tell him the truth. Not of resurrecting him, no. He will never know that tale. It is rather of the other things, the Cyrus years, the stories the court and online articles can tell him. He must hear it from me before he hears it from anyone else. It was never a question of if, but rather when and from whom.
I tell him outright, "I have murdered." I begin to say it all, from beginning to end. Then, I realize it's too long, and so I hit the high points and the lows, leaving out all the magic, all the curses, all the impossible figures that he would never believe. I reduce it all to what's normal. I keep it sterile.
I see his smile, how it drifts down. I see his sparkling eyes, how they dull. I see his warm face cool to stone. I see his open frame close tight. He does not look at me anymore, but he listens.
He listens.

