WYRMWEAVER
The Shadowdragon War: Book One

"Black Clouds"

by J.C. Rudinsky

Wyrmweaver
Black Clouds
Smashwords Edition
Copyright: J.C. Rudinsky October 2013
Cover and Interior Art: J.C. Rudinsky

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
To the most supportive and loving family a person could wish for.

To Chris, for all your hard work on revisions. Without your enthusiasm for this project, it might never have gotten off the ground. Thanks bud!



Table of Contents

Title
Copyright
Glossary of Terms
About the Author

PROLOGUE

Morning, 22 Freia, 1396
Astella Province, Southern TLanth

Earthdiving.
Hephethael of Enclave Fireclaw relished the feeling of the rock flowing against her scales as she swam the stones.
She did not burrow like some dirty, little turp molethat was for lesser creatures. To earthdive was to become one with the very body of Elandyss itself, just like the great elementals. There was no more noble a means of travel.
Let the Mist and Marsh Wyrms have the skythe land was hers. This was where she preferred to be, for there was no other place more closely tied to the great HeartStone of the world. 
To most surfacers, the underground was a dark, cold, and lonely place. They merely lacked the sense to see. To Hephethael, like all stone dragons, the subterranean world was one of light and sound. Bathed in the glow of countless Vimstones, she reveled in the infinite variety of their songs as they resonated on the Great Flow. 
And far below was the most powerful light and song of allthe Heartstone of Elandyss itselfits powerful harmony both echoing the euphony of the Flow and weaving its own unique melody into the great symphony of the universe. 
Here, immersed in the glory of the pure power of creation, Hephathael felt both powerful and humble. 
But one could not stay forever, for even the great wyrms had physical bodies. And while such bodies could be made to function in this realm for a time, they could not persist here. Not until the LastDive, the day when each stone dragon, sensing his or her time in the world above to be ending, would make a final plunge, never to return. 
Hephethael longed for that day like no other. Even now, the draw of the deep was strong. 
But she resisted the urge. There were things that still needed tending, duties to her fellow Fireclaws and the Oathbound that must be fulfilled. For a stone dragon, duty overshadowed all things, even the sanctity and wonder of the LastDive.
A jeweling appeared beside her, its bright, diaphanous aura resonating with a twinkling melody as it darted to and fro. A minor elemental spirit, the jeweling was merely a spontaneous manifestation of the powerful aura of the Heartstone and possessed little more intelligence than a common animal. It posed no threat to Hephethael. There were, of course, far more powerful things in the deepest reaches of the world and, though she bore such entities a great deal of respect, Hephethael harbored no fear of them. She may not be so attuned to this realm as they, but she was certainly not unwelcome here.
The glittering quasi-spirit looped and danced around her, perhaps curious about the strange visitor to its home. She paid the entity little attention as her thoughts drifted back to the events of the past few days.
She had travelled south in response to a calling from Sovereign Valfarion, eldest of her Enclave, to a gathering of the Oathbound leadership. Members from the majority of septs had attended the open meeting to share news of war effort, little of which turned out to be good. 
Time and again, the story was the same. On nearly every front, the human Coalition fell back as one city after another was slowly devoured by the relentless Imperium march. Only the fact that the Imperiums conscripted forces had grown thin protecting so much territory had slowed the advance.
The destruction of the Tieran Starbridge anchorage in Thardas had been critical in slowing down the Imperium invasion plans and had given the human Coalition some much needed breathing room, but it would be a short reprieve.
According to the Augurs, a minor stellar conjunction would soon strengthen the Gnisis Starbridge, allowing the Shadowdragon to fully mobilize the Imperium reinforcements currently amassing on their shadowy homeworld.
Word had also come that the breeding cycle of the Imperium's powerful Malok soldiers was nearly complete, signaling the impending return of several Legions of the giant beasts to the Shadowdragon's armies, multiplying his forces more than two fold in a matter of months. With their support, he would certainly overrun the human forces and finally crush Elandyss in his iron claw.
Based on this new information, the consensus among the sept-leaders was that, while the humans were putting up a heroic resistance, it was ultimately a futile effort.
While grim, none of this news was particularly surprising. 
What had turned the meeting on its head had been the suggestion, made by none other than Sovereign Garivaxor of Ironbone, that the Oathbound may have to consider reconciling ties with the Deliberative.
VahjeraatDishonoredthat was what the Sovereigns of the Deliberative called the dragons that had opposed the Tenets of Non-Intervention, a complex, and controversial, set of rules restricting the interactions between their kind and humanity.
Enclave Ironbone had been first to dissent when Garivaxor stormed out of the council session after the measure had been passed. Enclave Fireclaw had followed suit several days later when Valfarion had been unable to persuade Alamander, the Speaker of Deliberative, to rescind.
Calling themselves the Oathbound, the separatist dragons saw it as their duty, as Guardians, to join humanity in the struggle to protect Elandyss, a direct contravention to the Tenets. For that, the Deliberative had cast them out.
Most Oathbound considered the remaining members of the Deliberative to be cowards, hiding behind arbitrary rules to avoid their obligations. To them, the idea of crawling back to the Deliberative was beyond reproach, stone dragon honor being what it was. In their eyes the only option was to fight on, even to the death, if necessary.
Others argued that breaking away from the Deliberative had made them a weakened target of the Imperium, pointing at their dwindling numbers as evidence that their current strategy was not working.
And, above all, there was still the issue of whether or not the humans even deserved their help at all. The horror of the Shattering, now sixty cycles past, was still very fresh in the minds of the long-lived Wyrms, and many had not fully come to terms with how to deal with it.
It was becoming obvious that the doubts that paralyzed the Deliberative were affecting the Oathbound as well. Answers, and, more importantly, action, seemed increasingly unlikely.
It was not entirely unexpected, but certainly less than Hephethael had hoped for. Dragons were creatures of law and protocol, often taking many cycles to make decisions and only after assessing the options from every possible viewpoint. Once again, for all the ponderous debate, nothing had really changed.
So shed headed back to her post and Melethanc. 
The thought of seeing her mate again warmed her heart. Contrary to what humans seemed to think, dragons were highly social creatures, albeit in a very structural way. They did not love in the sense that humans didvictims of emotions barely understood. Rather, put simply, hers and Melethancs auras were highly compatible and they found each others presence agreeable. Each drew strength from the other and, like two Vimstones of similar harmonics, their auras intermingled to make a stronger resonance than the mere sum of its parts.
Melethanc had once been a Sentinel, a protector of the Assemblage, the great fortress in Galendra where the Deliberative met to consider future events. In its great halls and libraries, ancient dragon scholars once tutored promising humans in the proper ways of channeling, attempting to nudge the blossoming species toward a positive future.
That was before the Shattering, when humans and dragons ceased direct contact and the future of Elandis began its spiral into uncertainty.
Melethanc believed, as many of the Oathbound did, that, despite stumbles and shortcomings, humanity had far more potential than the conservative members of the Deliberative would acknowledge. 
He had always maintained faith that the Oathbound would someday join the war in force, fulfilling their duty as Guardians and helping the humans protect their world from the ravages of the Imperium. He was sure that the recent calling had been to declare that such day had come.
It was the fact that Hephathael was the one who had to deliver the disappointing news to him that bothered her most.
Abruptly, the jeweling ceased its playful frolicking and slowed to a gentle pace. As Hephethael caught up to it, the spirit suddenly veered off and flittered away into the depths, leaving her alone. 
Perhaps it had merely become bored with the lack of response from its would-be playmate. Whimsical by nature, the actions of such spirits were seldom cause for attention. 
Still, something in its departure seemed odd to her. She cleared her mind and focused on the harmony of the Flow, attempting to sense what might have spooked the creature. 
She felt a subtle ripple, like a gentle wave on the ocean. It was a spell vortex, the etheric shock wave created when ambient Vim was burned away to power a spellweave. It was hardly an uncommon event. The ripple was faint, so the spell could have either been very weak or been woven at a fair distance. In either case, it was nothing for her to be concerned about, so she continued on, content to dismiss the matter.
There was no dismissing what followed.
With little warning, a powerful, discordant shock roared across the Flow like a clap of thunder, nearly stunning Hephethael as it rolled over her. She paused and waited for the temporary wave of dizziness and weakness to pass. That was no spellweave. Only one sort of magic felt like that: human technosorcery.
Some cycles ago, the humans had unexpectedly discovered the ancient art of rune magicpreviously kept secret by the dragonsand fused it with their technology in a powerful, but unnatural, hybridization, which they called Enchantech. It didnt take long for the humans to adapt this advancement into nearly every aspect of their society, and it found a particularly potent place in their near-constant warfare.
This development had not been foreseen by the dragon Augurs, perhaps due to its unusually disruptive effects on the Flow, and had caught the Deliberative completely by surprise. The consequences of that lack of foresight had been disastrous and continued to plague human/dragon relations to this day.
The initial blast was soon followed by several more but Hephethael was now prepared for them, having steeled her senses against the shock. It seemed that, somewhere above, the humans were engaged in a significant battle. That concerned her, for she was not far from her destination. Was Melethanc still where shed left him? Was he involved in whatever was happening up there?
Fueled by a wave of anxiety, she angled upward and, with a few strong tail strokes, increased speed. She could sense the increasing turbulence in the Flow as she neared the surface. Suddenly the ground rolled back and she burst out into the great openness of the surface world. The sparkling of a million Vimstones was replaced by the twinkling of stars in the vast night sky and the cool embrace of stone gave way to the warm, summer-night air of the Velaat Lowlands, a region that humans had dubbed the Province of Astella.
Her first sensation was the overwhelming chaos of the Flow and a momentary flood of weakness as her biomagical physiology adjusted to a distinct drop in ambient Vim levels. A quick glance upward confirmed that a massive etheric storm wracked the region, its roiling, black clouds and green-hued lightning making the storm quite distinctive from the typical climatic variety.
Occasionally, such storms would be caused by natural currents within the Flow. Far more often, however, particularly in recent cycles, they resulted from a massive forced burning of Vim within the region. Such was certainly the case with this one. Something had changed in the days since shed left.
Shaking the loose earth from her body, Hephathael glanced around, taking in her surroundings. Her heart jumped as she sensed a familiar presence.
 Melethanc was crouched nearby on the rocky hillside with his ten met long RuneGlaive laying across his knees and his gaze focused intently off into the distance. Hephathael's anxiety melted into relief that he did not appear harmed.
To anyone possessing normal senses, his still form might easily have been mistaken for a massive outcropping of rock in the pre-dawn light. To her enhanced perception he was awash with light, the complex patterns of runes engraved upon his scales glowing dimly in their ready state like luminescent tattoos. The markings were similar to her own, consisting of many of the same runes, although the patterns they created were quite different. Each stone dragons mantle was unique, a reflection of their aura, skills and style of combat.
But even without his signature runes, Hephathael could never have mistaken her mate. His aura, his scent, his presence, all as familiar as her own. She could sense his thoughts and, although she had yet to impart her unsavory news, something in his aura filled her with a sense of forebodingas did the fact that he did not immediately turn to greet her. 
She walked up behind him and waited patiently for him to take notice.
A battle has begun, he said in the ancient elemental tongue, his voice low and gravelly, like the distant roar of an avalanche or the grinding of stone.
Hephethael followed his gaze. In the distance, the yellow-orange glow of flames shrouded the human city called Abion, illuminating the horizon in the pre-dawn haze. Streams of light, tracers the humans called them, cut through the darkness and bright flashes filled the sky. At this distance, the sounds of battle coalesced into a low rumble that rolled across the plain, punctuated by the sharp retort of explosions and the shrill screams of the humans strange ethergenic weapons. This was obviously the source of the shocks shed felt and explained the local disruptions to the Flow.
Two Imperium Legions supported by skyships and Gnisian cyberdragons, Melethanc added. Already the defensive perimeter collapses. The city will not hold. 
Hephathael nodded at the academic appraisal. As always, Melethanc spoke the simple truth. They had both seen this very thing play out many times during the nearly fifty cycles since the Imperium had invaded Elandyssalways from a distancepassive observers to humanitys futile struggle against what amounted to global genocide. The fact that the humans had resisted for so long against the might of the Imperium was a strong testament to the tenacity of their species.
But Hephethael sensed that there was more. She could feel the conflict within her mate. Something was different about this battle and that worried her. She stepped up beside him and laid a claw on his massive shoulder, noting the tension within.
It is not our concern, she said, silently berating herself for hiding behind the Tenets. 
It wasnt her fault, though, was it? 
The Enclaves have decided that we must regroup and assess our options. Some begin to believe that the Deliberative may have been right--that we must preserve our strength and plan for contingencies.
Melethanc replied with a derisive snort.
Hephethael sighed. She was well aware of his feelings about the Deliberative as well as his opinion regarding the Sovereigns and their view of the situation. 
To the Deliberative, contingencies was simply doublespeak for an Imperium victory over humanity. If that happened, those humans who had surrendered might simply be enslaved. As for the rest, they would be exterminated as punishment for their resistance. After that, the Imperium would turn its attention to the native dragons of Elandyss. It was a contingency that seemed more a certainty if the dragons did nothing to help.
She gently patted his shoulder. 
Come, we should not stay, she said regretfully, starting to turn away. 
And the Shard?
His question stopped her short. She glanced back.
We do not even know if it exists, she said. It was a weak denial.
Melethanc cast her a sidelong glance. It does.
In her heart, Hephethael knew that he was right. Shed sensed it as wellthe harmonics of a powerful human channeler, or at least a prospective one. Admittedly, the aura had felt pure but it had been only a fleeting sensation, likely a raw talent with no training or knowledge of his or her potential. That manifestation had been almost a season ago with no sign since.
It was the only reason that the two of them were even hereto watch for a possible re-emergence. The Imperium attack on the city had now added a new twist to the situation. The battle was not truly their concern, but protecting a potential Shard was of paramount importance.
We must act, Melethanc said, looking back toward the city.
The Tenets forbid it, Hephethael countered, her gaze slipping to the city as a massive etheric blast screamed across the plain, making her wince as it washed over her.
We are Vahjeraat, Melethanc growled, tightening his grip on the Runeglaive. The Tenets do not apply not anymore.
Hephethael shook her head in resignation.
Melethanc was still a Sentinel, in spirit if not in name. He was as stolid and implacable as the very substance from which stone dragons drew their name. His instinct was to protect and, if there truly was a Shard in the city, Melethanc of Ironbone would do anything in his power, even die, to protect it.
And what would Hephethael of Fireclaw do? 
She would follow, and die alongside him if she must.
No, my mate she said, stepping to his side and gazing at the burning city in the distance. 
We are Guardians.
Melethanc stood and flexed the stiffness from his massive muscles. With a growl, he powered the runes of his mantle, actively reinforcing the magical markings with Vim to the point that they began to glow a dull red, like veins of molten rock. The air shuddered silently as he layered additional barrier wards over the mantle and placed a series of held weaves for use in the fight ahead.
Without hesitation, Hephethael did the same. Active wards might make them easily detectable to Vimsensitive beings but there was little point in stealth if they intended to enter the battle. 
Let the enemy see them coming. A fully warded stone dragon was the single most dangerous creature imaginablea juggernaut of physical and magical prowess. 
Still, despite their strength, the two of them alone could not hope to take on two Legions. Hephathael knew that they were taking a terrible and possibly fatal risk. 
Death itself did not frighten her. As a Vahjeraat, Hephethael was already dead to her kind. But should she and Melethanc fail, the Shard, if there was one, would probably die. Along with it would die a measure of hope. 
Of course, if they did nothing
Hephethaels only true concern was that they might not find the Shard in time. It would be nearly impossible to pick a single human aura from the tens of thousands in the city without an active harmonic to set it apart. Perhaps, if they got close enough, one of them might catch a sense of the Shards aura. But with all the interference from the battle it would be a difficult task, to put it lightly. 
Melethanc did not appear concerned about such trivialities. Without a word, he set off toward the city at a swift pace.
Hephathael paused for a moment as a particularly brilliant flash of etheric lightning flared across the sky, momentarily illuminating the city and surrounding plains with its pale, green light. Was Elandyss simply protesting the indiscriminate destruction of Vim in the battle below? Or was she lighting the way? 
Hephathael suddenly found herself filled with a profound sense of destiny. This day was a knot in the web of fate, of that she was certain. But of the myriad of possibilities, what thread would emerge?
Such was a topic best left to the Augurs. For Hephethael of Fireclaw, there was only the call of battle. Issuing a roar that she hoped was felt in the Heartstone itself, she launched herself down the rocky slope. 
She wondered if this charge would turn out to be her LastDive.

Cold fire burns and the Song is broken. The Glittering Tower cries to the Heavens. Light calls shadow. Darkness comes.
The Oraculum of Tem, Verse 56

Introduction

Nobody knew exactly how or why the explosion occurred, only that its effects shook the world, literally, to the core. 
It was the 8th of Orien, Cycle 1343, a day forever seared into the pages of Elandian history as half a million souls were instantly extinguished in the magical inferno that engulfed the TLanthan city-state of Lanluuth.
To humans, the event became known as the Lanluuth Disaster. 
To dragonkind, it was The Shattering.
It was during the height of the Throne War, a decade-long conflict over succession fought by the eight nations of Freidia. It was a war on a scale that had never before been seen. A war that ravaged every corner of the world with weapons both mundane and magical. A war that turned allies into enemies, drove the great wyrms of Elandis into hiding, and nearly brought humanity to the brink of destruction. And it was merely a prelude of events to come.
Shocked and dismayed by the level of devastation that no one could have anticipated or even imagined, the five remaining nations quietly withdrew their armies and a fragile and somber peace settled over Elandis. 
Then came a new horror.
In the winter of cycle 1347, the Imperium, a vast interstellar power ruled by an enigmatic being known only as The Shadowdragon, launched an invasion of Elandis in a bid to claim the powerful nexus worlds vast magical resources. 
Across the Starbridge from the world of Gnisis poured thousands of monstrous Netherdragons followed by legions of conscripted soldiers and horrible creatures harvested from countless enslaved worlds. They attacked without warning or mercy, establishing a bridgehead in the northernmost regions of the battle-weary nation of TLanth in a matter of days.
The inhabitants of Elandis were given a simple choice: enslavement or extermination. 
They chose to fight, and for nearly fifty cycles they have endeavored to make the Imperium pay for every inch of ground it has taken. 
The Coalition, an impromptu alliance of the five remaining Freidian nations, using Enchantech weaponry and battlemagic developed during the Throne War, has pushed back against the Legions of the Imperium in a desperate attempt to save their world.
But, despite the gallant efforts of the Coalition Armed Forces, the seemingly indomitable Imperial war machine presses ever deeper into Coalition territory with every passing cycle. Millions have died or surrendered in the Imperium's relentless campaign of genocidal conquest.
Most of northern Freidia is now a scorched wasteland, blasted by both conventional and arcane weaponry, dotted with the ruins of abandoned city-states and littered with the detritus of war. This no-mans-land is simply called The Wastes and is haunted by roaming monstrosities set loose by the Imperium and patrolled by the sadistic Netherdragon Highlords and their followers. 
To the South, behind their fortified defensive lines and ScryNet detection networks, the remnants of the Coalition fight a desperate war of attrition. 
It is a war that they are slowly losing.
As the supply of Vimstones, vital to the Coalitions Enchantech weaponry, continues to dwindle and the magical aura of Elandis becomes increasingly unreliable, the situation becomes more dire every day. And as the cycles of war drag on, old sentiments, buried for the sake of survival but far from forgotten, rise anew and the Coalition finds itself battling enemies both without and within. 
All the while, the great Elandian Wyrms of the Deliberative and their Enclaves, once allies and mentors to humanity, seem content to stand idly by and watch events from afar.
Hope runs short, yet the survivors fight on, praying for a miracle. 
Some draw assurance from an ancient prophecy penned by the alleged prophet Tem of Calahn. In his writings, collectively known as the Oraculum, Tem described the coming of a Savior, a Redeemer, possessing of incredible power, who would appear in Elandiss darkest hour and cleanse the world of shadow.
To most who have heard of it, the Oraculum is merely a fanciful tale, a myth misinterpreted and exaggerated by subsequent generations. 
Believers, however, point out that legends suggest the existence of humans wielding such powerpowerful heroes who fought alongside the Elandian Wyrms to protect humanity in ages past. They claim that such legends are merely another form of history. Those legends whisper of a name.
Wyrmweaver.


ONE

28 Freia, 1396
Redoubt Falkreek , Coalition Northern Front

It was raining again.
Not the short, cool respite from the summer heat that one expected in northern Freidia at this time of year. Instead, it was the sort of incessant drizzle more typical of springthe kind that made the ground and sky merge in a uniform haze of gray and turned the land into a morass of gravelly, pasty sludge barely held together by the carpet of thin grass that managed to grow here in Calandras hilly northern region of Edlenmar March.
Cloaked within this soggy shroud, the city of Falkreek lay huddled against the eastern shore of the Meron River, located just a few kilomets north of the sprawling estuary where the river emptied into the murky waters of Lake Cesar.
In cycles past, Falkreek had been a manufacturing powerhouse, a ravenous industrial machine fed by the endless supply of precious metals carved from the mountains to the West and churning out the Enchantech wonders for which Calandra had become famous.
Today it was an empty husk, a burned out forest of gutted and blackened buildings nestled amongst mounds of shattered brick and tangled steel. The rumble of factories and clouds of refinery smog had long ago been replaced by the thunder of battle and lingering stench of burnt wood, rubber, and decay.
The central district, built around the city's massive siphon reactor, had once been the upper class sector of Falkreek, housing offices, businesses and services for the city's elite. 
Now, the walls that once isolated the lavish estates of the aristocracy from the common rabble served a different kind of defensive role. Reinforced by powerful wards and nestled beneath a dome of magical force, those walls had become a last line of defense for a city ravaged by decades of war.
Redoubt Falkreek was a fortress, an integral part of a great wall of layered defenses, both mundane and magical, that spanned the breadth of Freidia, keeping a watchful eye over the Coalitions northern frontier.
To the North lay The Wastes, hundreds of kilomets of no-mans land, scorched and cratered by fifty cycles of war. It spanned Freidia like a great scar, marking the current extent of the Imperium's southern advance. Further north lay the shattered nation of TLanth, now consisting of little more than puppet states, ruled by collaborator princes and their tyrannical netherdragon masters, the self-proclaimed Highlords of Gnisis.
To the South huddled the dwindling and fragmented remnants of humanitys remaining free powers - the Calandran Federation, the Meilaani Kingdoms, the Medinaran Mageocracy, and the Theocracy of Valdon. 
Forged from the fractured noble houses and feudal estates of the once-great Realm of Freidia, --which once spanned the continent that still bore its name--these independent states were all that remained in the aftermath of the decade-long power struggle known as the Throne War. 
With memories of that war still strong, these nation-states had been forced to set aside their differences in the face of a global invasion from another world. Once, and still to some, bitter enemies were now tenuously tied together by a desperate military alliance known simply as The Coalition.
Manning this wall of defenses, the brave men and women of the Coalition Armed Forces, an amalgamation of units hailing from every member nation, did their best to put into practice what their politicians can only do on paper: to cooperate and survive in a world where their worst nightmares of the Throne War paled in comparison to the deadly terrors unleashed upon them by the Imperium.
To the northeast, flashes of light and a distant rumbling indicated that Imperium forces were once again bombarding the Coalition lines, taking advantage of the thick morning fog to cover yet another attempt to advance into the city.
Huddled in hollowed buildings and defensive strongpoints throughout the maze of rubble that was once Falkreeks industrial sector, the rain-soaked soldiers of the CAFs 92nd Infantry Regiment did their best to ignore the all too familiar sounds of battle in the distance as they prepared for yet another day in the relentless assault.
From the sky, a faint humming penetrated the mist. The hum quickly grew into the distinctive whine of Enchantech magines as a small formation of Coalition hoppers sped overhead, bearing toward the fort at high speed. The boxy, ungainly looking craft maneuvered with surprising agility as they weaved their way through the hazy city streets.
A few soldiers glanced up, mostly the new recruits, perhaps trying to draw a sense of comfort from the sight of friendly air support. The veterans knew better and did their best to ignore what they knew to be only the first of many waves of casualties being shuttled back from the front.
Second lieutenant Sheryl Lanis sat next to the side door of the lead hopper, the wind blowing her long, black hair in a frenzy about her face. Her Rune-Boosted body armor was smeared with mud, grass and blood, which shed made only a half-hearted attempt to wipe off. Deep lines of concern seemed to age her otherwise youthful twenty-seven cycles and her intense blue eyes bespoke many cycles of experience as a soldier.
She watched in silence as Specialist Heiko, her Shiv Teams medimancer, tried desperately to save Lance Corporal Gaerte, who lay on the floor writhing in pain from internal injuries, his choking moans unsettling even the battle-hardened nerves of the other near dozen armored marines huddled in the hoppers cramped cargo bay.
Had Gaerte been more fortunate, that netherdragons sword would have killed him instantly. But it hadnt been a clean blow and the wards of Gaertes enhanced body armor had absorbed most of the impact. Unfortunately, armor that was designed to deflect bullets and small shrapnel couldnt shield his internal organs from the raw force of a magical blade the size of a tree being swung by a twelve met tall netherdragon. Poor Gaerte would have been better off had the blow just broken his neck. 
Cmon Gaerte, hang on! Heiko screamed in frustration, cradling the dying soldiers head in her hands.
Lanis sensed Heiko channeling againanother mending techniq. She shook her head slightly, noting the disruptions in the magical harmonics. A channeler herself, Lanis could feel the mending techniq even though she lacked the particular skill to cast it herself. The spellshock, the etheric ripple caused by the burning of ambient Vim to power the techniq, keened in her mind like an unearthly musical tone. 
Each spellshock was slightly different, being distinctive to both the techniq itself and the channeler that used it, almost like a magical fingerprint. In this case, though, the harmonic was slightly off-key, indicating an improperly focused channeling.
Poor Heiko was exhausted and her concentration was faltering. Too many such mistakes and the girl risked backlash. Lanis was all to familiar with the agonizing burn of backlash. She danced with it everytime she channeled a techniq. And she danced well.
 She was a battlemancer, 4th tier, a combat channeler trained at the Arcane Corps Academy at Camp Klayton, graduating near the top of her class. Her magical aptitude and training were focused on defense and destruction. Her weapons: enchantech boosted combat techniqs and ethergenic rifles. With a properly attuned booster, she could channel techniqs powerful enought to sear the armor off a heavy crawler in seconds or even crack the formidable wards of a dragon.
Most of the time.
But for all her magical talent, Lanis could only helplessly watch Gaerte scream as Heikos healing magic attempted to rebuild his mangled insides. Healing techniqs, contrary to common belief, had limits. 
Gaertes head lolled side to side as he floated on the edge of unconsciousness, his battered body struggling for each agonizing breath. Nothing short of a dragonweave could save him now.
On the outside, Lanis was the picture of calm determination, an act shed mastered long ago, a facade of detachment that had earned her a reputation for callousness. Troops in the 33rd Arcane had taken to calling her The Widowmaker, a reputation shed learned to take advantage of, even though she secretly deplored it.
Watching as Gaerte suffered, she swallowed hard, forcing down the knot of remorse that threatened to choke her. For all purposes, it should have been her laying there. After all, it was her fault. Shed screwed up.
Her team trusted her, enough to charge without hesitation into battle with a monster that could kill them with nothing more than a few simple words. They counted on her to shield them from the dragons devastating spellweaves and staggering physical attacks. They counted on her to break the neds defenses so they could bring it down. They counted on HER to make sure they came home alive.
She gazed out the door of the hopper, letting the drizzly wind conceal her misting eyes as she watched the shadowy forms of ruined buildings pass by in the haze.
The Widowmaker was about to lose another one.
***
Mud splashed over her boots as Lanis sprinted across a cratered street amongst the battered factories of Falcreeks industrial sector. It was still an hour before dawn and a cool fog and overcast sky merged together, turning the dim moonlight into a dense haze that cut normal visibility down to less than a dozen mets.
But through the alchemechanical lenses of her EVI goggles, Lanis could see into another world. Ee-vees, as the troops called them, transformed the dark, twisted, maze of rubble into a surreal landscape of purple and blue hues filled with the luminous streaks of rune-boosted munitions and punctuated by the bright flashes of spellshocks and ethergenic weapons. Hundreds of ghostly apparitions moved about in the darkness, the auras of living soldiers, both friend and foe, as seen through the visors essence-sensitive ERIS lenses. Occasionally one of the auras would flicker out as an opponents fire found its mark.
It reminded Lanis of the holomagic targets used in training and it was sometimes easy to forget that those fluttering ethereal shapes were actually living, breathing people.
Ahead of her, Lanis could make out the shapes of the other members of Shiv Team Nine as they hustled through a narrow alley between two large factories, the complex magical ward patterns of their Rune-Enhanced body armor, or REBAr, glowing bright orange and yellow in the murky darkness.
As the team sprinted across another open street, the shrill whistle of incoming artillery shells filled the air, followed a few seconds later by the roar of explosions as the salvo rained down over the area. An explosion shattered the upper floor of a nearby building, sending a shower of bricks and dust raining down on the team as they pursued their quarry.
Targets moving South eighty mets! Demass breathless voice crackled from the EComm.
Dont lose it! Lanis yelled as she ran through the cloud of dust. Were on our way!
Im on him! came the garbled response.
Abes, hows your ammo? Lanis yelled.
Six rounds left! Answered the lanky sniper running near the back of the group toting his large antitank rifle.
That gonna be enough? Private Lander asked as he sprinted around the more encumbered soldier.
Gonna have to be, Abes replied, mostly to himself.
I dont understand how he broke the wires, Heiko wondered out loud.
Focused force weave of some kind, Lanis said. something new.
Fraggin buggers are getting smarter, muttered Staff Sergeant Gray as he ran just ahead of Lanis.
Doesnt matter, Lanis said intently. Hes not getting away.
The team scattered for cover as a hail of gunfire suddenly ripped through the air around them, sending up plumes of mud around their feet. Holt stumbled and clutched his left leg, cursing as he hopped several mets and tumbled behind the cover of a low wall. Lanis channeled a shield techniq and threw it up between her squad and the direction of the incoming fire. A fierce volley of rounds impacted the barrier with the telltale crack of anti-magic munitions. 
Left side! Left side! shouted Watts from up ahead. The burly, dark-skinned native of Calandra took cover behind an upturned vehicle wreck as he pointed toward a dilapidated structure across the street.
Lanis pulled her EP-rifle from the long holster on her right leg and, standing defiantly near the end of the wall, fired a long, high-powered burst, focusing on the illuminated shapes of enemy soldiers about fifty mets up the street. The ethergenic bolts of the aptly named Banshee screamed through the air, shredding wards, armor and flesh with searing quasimagical plasma. Two of the red-orange auras sputtered as the bolts found their mark. With a pop and a hiss of smoke, the Stone cartridge of the rifle burned out.
 Laniss barrier began to wither under the enemys counter fire but held long enough for the rest of her team to make it safely to the wall behind her. As soon as they were clear, she stepped behind the wall herself and dropped the barrier matrix.
She shuffled over to where Holt was seated with his back to the wall. Heiko was already hunkered next to him, using a delving techniq to ascertain the extent of the wound before attempting to heal it. She reached into her medpak and pulled out a small syringe of anesthetic which she quickly injected into Holts leg.
Lanis knelt next to the wounded soldier. You okay? she asked as she swapped out the burned out cartridge of her EP-rifle. 
Ill live, he replied through gritted teeth.
Hold on, Heiko warned him as she channeled the mending techniq.
Holt tensed up and growled in pain as the magic rapidly rebuilt the torn flesh of his leg, sealing the wound.
Lanis nodded to Heiko and moved away to take a position next to Gray near the end of the wall. She glanced around the corner to assess the situation and instantly recoiled as gunfire chewed into the wall only inches from her face.
Shards! Where did all these damn infantry come from? she spat.
Gray stood up and fired several bursts over the wall then ducked back as the top of the wall erupted in a cloud of dust and chips of masonry.
Looks like scripties, Chief! I think we just stumbled into a flanking attack.
We dont have time for this! Lanis snarled back.
Gray shoved a fresh clip into his rifle.
Ok, Ill just tell them to lay off--if they stop shooting long enough for me to get a word in, he said.
Lanis didnt find his sarcasm amusing. She took a few quick snap shots around the corner, then ducked back as another burst of enemy fire gnawed away at her cover. As she began to go over her limited options the distinctive whine of a magine drew her attention to the left. She glanced that direction just as a Coalition C-12B Vargil heavy crawler rumbled into the street, a cascade of dust and bricks rolling off its armored hull as it plowed its way through a weakened wall.
 Lanis heard the indecipherable shouts of the imp infantry and suddenly a sharp explosion rocked the crawler as its side took a direct hit of antitank fire from the enemy position.
The vehicle paused momentarily as it seemed to assess this new threat then turned and began rolling up the street, opening fire on the enemys dug in position with its heavy machine gun as it took aim with its large 80mm cannon. 
The crawler rocked back as it fired the main gun and Laniss ears popped from the shockwave as the hypersonic shell ripped the air only a couple of mets overhead and blasted the enemy position into a cloud of dust and flames. More gunfire rattled off the tanks hull.
Stuck in the middle of what was now obviously an imp attempt to ambush the crawler, Laniss team was not in a particularly good spot. Besides, the crawler seemed to have things in hand and Lanis had a bigger problem to deal with.
Lets move! she shouted.
Taking advantage of the distraction, Lanis ordered the squad to pull out and relocate to the cover of a nearby alleyway. As they moved, she felt the distinctive spellshock caused by netherdragon channeling. The chilling harmonics washed over her like a wave of icy water. It had been close, maybe only a few blocks away.
The EComm crackled to life.
Ned engaging DFP Baker! The distorted shout was punctuated by the sounds of large caliber gunfire followed by a powerful roar that dwarfed the EComm, rattling the walls of nearby buildings as it echoed through the streets.
Lanis signaled the squad to hold position as she focused on her Vimsense, trying to pinpoint the netherdragons exact location. She increased the gain on her EVIs and scanned the area. As she adjusted the filters, the luminous form of the dragons powerful aura came into focus.
Gray shuffled up next to her.
Whats the plan, Chief? he asked.
Plan? Lanis scoffed. Hes NOT getting away. 
Without giving him a chance to respond, she stood up and started off in the direction of the target.
Thats a plan? Gray grumbled as he followed her.
Lanis led the team through a twisting maze of alleys, taking a quick shortcut through a blown out structure. Another spellshock confirmed her heading and she took a quick right down a congested alley, following the now easily visible traces of magically charged munitions only a short distance away.
She burst out of the alleyway into a scene ripped straight from hell. Taking cover behind a heap of broken concrete, she lifted her EVIs and surveyed the area as her team fell in behind her.
Smashed barricades, tangles of barbed wire and the mangled remains of two Type-21 anti-tank guns marked the forward perimeter of defensive point Baker. Several fires burned in the nearby buildings, searing away the fog and illuminating countless bodies that lay scattered about the rubble-strewn street.
Nearby, the burning wreck of a Gilam personnel carrier poured acrid smoke across the battlefield, the charred remains of its crew and passengers scattered around the hatches where theyd been immolated as they'd tried to flee the doomed vehicle. The air reeked of burning oil and flesh.
From behind piles of sandbags, makeshift barricades, and the windows of nearby structures came a near constant barrage of gunfire as the beleaguered remnants of the strongpoints defenders tried desperately to repel the Imperium netherdragon that loomed in the street before them. 
Balanced by a twenty-met long tail, the monster stood on its powerful rear legs and, even hunched forward, was still over a dozen mets tall at the shoulder. Its large leathery wings were tucked tightly behind its back and its long, spiny neck ended in a gaunt, vulture-like head that surveyed the battlefield with lifeless black eyes.
The dragons roughly humanoid torso, arms and legs were sheathed in black armor plate laced with swirling mystical symbols that reflected gold in the light of the fires. Battered and worn from countless battles, the spellforged alloy was far more effective for its layers of defensive magical wards than its physical properties. 
Hanging from the creatures waist were multiple leather belts draping with an assortment of war trophiesbones, skulls, weapons, armorall looted from enemies the dragon had considered interesting. Also hanging from the belt was the dragons deadly runic blade - three mets of spellforged steel, serrated along the trailing edge and etched with powerful runes that made it capable of easily slicing through several inches of steel.
Jutting from the dragons body and legs were several Pilum harpoons with the frayed remnants of their reinforced steel cables still attached, evidence of Shiv Nines failed ambush less than an hour ago. Black colored blood still oozed from several wounds incurred in that battle.
The atmosphere of smoke and flames gave the armored juggernaut a demonic appearance as it casually strode through hail of fire that rippled harmlessly across its barrier wards. The high-velocity rounds exploded into glowing red sparks that ricocheted in all directions as their kinetic energy was instantly converted to heat. Distorted blobs of searing lead rained down to the ground around the neds feet, bubbling and steaming in the puddles of water left after the days rain. Oblivious to the barrage, the ned slowly scanned the area, looking for new targets. 
Gray took cover next to Lanis and let out a short whistle. Well, there he is.
He didnt even bother to heal himself, Lanis said. Arrogant bastard.
What now? Gray asked.
Lanis rapidly formed a plan.
Well go for its right flank. You and Abes in the rear. Be ready to pop him, she said. Gun crew will keep his attention. Ive got his wards.
Messy, Gray groused, clearly less than satisfied.
War is, Lanis remarked as she stood up and darted off in the direction of the target.
Gray shook his head.
Here we go, he muttered as he set off to relay the orders to the team.
Lanis headed up the street, cautiously shuffling from cover to cover as she tried to close the distance to the ned without drawing its attention.
 A burst of light machinegun fire sprayed across the neds flank from an upper floor window of a nearby structure. His magical barriers rippled in a blue haze under the assault, sending red-hot sparks of disintegrating rounds ricocheting in all directions. He glanced back without stopping and an explosion of arcane force and flame erupted from the windows of the structure, blasting out a sizable chunk of the facade and silencing the attack.
Lanis ordered her team forward double-time, at the same time verifying that Gray and Abes had taken position with the ATR.
The dragon then turned its attention to a heavy Type 44 anti-tank gun whose crew had just brought to bear on the creature. The ned set its feet and began to utter a low growl that bore a strange hint of language within it. The gun crew opened fire, sending a 100mm round screaming toward the ned at hypersonic speed. The ned braced itself as the round connected with the barrier it had just reinforced. The explosion engulfed the dragon, annihilating the barrier in a burst of dissociated varions as the powerful round overwhelmed the magic.
The shockwave blasted Shiv Team as they advanced, forcing them to dive for cover and knocking a few off their feet.
The netherdragon roared defiantly and stepped forward out of the smoke and flames, largely unharmed and fully focused on the new threat.
Lanis reached down and pulled Gaerte to his feet. The young trooper straightened his helmet and stared at the ned, slightly stunned.
Sovereigns, he whispered in astonishment.
Lanis lightly smacked his helmet.
Focus, soldier," she said.
Gaerte shook his head a bit, then nodded.
Lanis glanced back at the defensive line as a massive arcane blast upended and mangled the heavy forty-four in an eruption of earth and screaming bodies. Troops stationed nearby ceased firing and began to break.
Shards! she growled.
She took a speedy head count. Noting that all team members were accounted for, she set off at a quick shuffle.
 Gun team, spread out and suppress! she ordered as she ducked behind the rusty remains of a smashed civilian vehicle. She holstered the EP-rifle, pulled down her EVIs, and took a quick look to verify the neds position. He was standing roughly fifty mets away, having stopped amidst the hail of antimagic JAM rounds from Shiv Nines rifle team.
More powerful than the conventional rounds used by mundane troops, jacketed anti magic rounds were designed to penetrate REBAr and similar Enchantech armors, making them marginally effective against dragon wards. 
They weren't a major threat, but they were annoying enough to get his attention and thats all Lanis needed. She began concentrating on a Spellbreaker techniq. 
Probably the most important techniq in her arsenal, a Spellbreaker did exactly what its name implied. By attacking the strands of magic that comprised a magical matrix, it could disrupt or even negate spells and weaves. Amplified by a Booster, a Spellbreaker could even strip away a dragons powerful wards temporarilyforcing the creature to reconstruct them and creating a narrow but critical window of vulnerability.
It would take several seconds to fold the techniqs matrix through her Booster, amplifying it to the level necessary to penetrate the dragon's defenses. She only had a few seconds before the ned would sense the attack and retaliate to prevent it. Timing was crucial.
Laniss first indication of impending disaster was the high-pitched wail from above, the unmistakable sound of incoming artillery rounds.
The first impact came down in a dilapidated factory about ninety mets away, spewing dust from the broken windows and collapsing an exterior wall in an avalanche of brick and mortar. Another followed only seconds later, impacting in the street about fifty mets away. This explosion was smaller and somewhat muted, like a dull thud, at least to anyone lacking Vimsense.
Lanis felt as much as heard the wail of Vim being burned away quickly followed by the low growling tone caused by the HEV shell. High-Explosive-Void, a type of rune-boosted munition designed to penetrate large-scale magical barriers and warded defenses, did so by simply burning away the ambient Vim that powered them, in effect creating a temporary null-zone, an empty space in the Etherum. The void was short-lived, as the surrounding Vim immediately rushed in to fill it, but it was enough to disrupt any existing spellforms within the blast radius. 
Lanis felt the shuddering of the etheric shock wave as it passed over her leaving behind an eerie silence. The fragile strands of her Spellbreaker techniq weakened as the shockwave passed by. Instinctively, she reinforced the techniq using her own personal Vim in an attempt to save it. The strain made her a bit light-headed. Too much and she could easily pass out.
She stood up and focused on the ned just as it sensed the buildup of Vim from her techniq. He turned quickly to face her and, with what passed as a sneer of contempt, began to channel a counterweave. Through her EVIs, Lanis could see what her own Vimsense told her as the dragons wards flared and multiplied. 
Her Booster was nearing burnout threshold but she had only one shot to break the increasingly powerful barriers. She gambled and pushed more Vim into the array, wincing slightly as the Stones squealed in protest, approaching the limits of their harmonic amplitude.
Another impactthis one closerfollowed shortly by another HEV, then suddenly the world became a cacophony of light and noise as the entire salvo rained down on their position.
No, NO! Lanis cried as the second shockwave hit her much harder than the first, almost knocking her down. She tried to complete and release the Spellbreaker but it was too late. The Vimstones of her booster array, already taxed by the strain of folding the powerful matrix, gave way as the discordant harmonics of the HEV blasted their fragile cores, disintegrating into Dust in a flash of burnout.
Lanis braced for the burning shock of backlash, but it never came. The Vim simply vanished, burned away by the void rounds nullifying field. The schemata of her armor flickered feebly as the ambient Vim that powered them dwindled to nothingness and her Vimsense went silent as the temporary null zone settled over the area. It would take a few moments for the ambient Vim to flow back into the void and stabilize but for now her magical defenses were down, effectively short circuited.
She ripped off her now useless EVIs and drew a deep breath of the cool morning air, staggering under the wave of nausea caused by the sudden magical drain. Looking up, she could see the ned reeling from the effects of the HEV blasts, which ravaged its biomagical physiology. Although she couldnt sense it, Lanis could only hope that the dragon had, likewise, been stripped of his magical wards. 
But even wounded, dazed and magically weakened, a ten-met tall armored dragon was more than a threat. He staggered a bit, then regained his composure. With a roar, he drew his sinister rune blade and charged toward her, an ominous, dark shadow strobing amidst the raging explosions that rocked the area.
Lanis staggered to her feet. The ground seemed to swim beneath her and she struggled to ramain standing. She ordered her legs to run but they defied her. She looked up as the dragon bore down on her, almost in slow motion.
***
Lanis never saw what hit her from behind and sent her sprawling onto the street just as the neds blade flash overhead. She never heard the muffled warning shout or the bone-shattering thud of the weapon impacting something behind her.
The first thing she remembered was the faint crack of ATR fire and the neds pained roar as the high-velocity SCAM rounds punched gaping holes through its weakened armor. She saw the ned stagger backwards, clutching in surprise at its wounds, and felt the powerful rush of air buffet her as the beast took to the air, retreating to a safe place to tend its wounds and restore its magical barriers.
Only then did Lanis find out that it had been Gaerte that had pushed her out of the way of the neds sword strike, taking the blow full on himself. His reward for his heroism was a slow, agonizing death and there wasnt a fraggin thing she could do about it. 
Lanis was accustomed to guilt. As a field officer, she lived with it all the time. It was just an inevitable part of the job. 
But unpaid debts were another matter. That ned was still alive out there, somewhere, and she owed him, for Gaerte.
The LAVs magines changed pitch and the craft lurched slightly as it dropped altitude on an approach to Falkreeks inner defensive perimeter. 
Lanis stood up and gripped the handrail as she leaned out the door, attempting to catch a glimpse of the ground through the thinning mist. The hopper passed over the first of several defensive walls and Lanis could make out the long-barreled silhouette of one of the many large voidcaster arrays that stood sentinel around the fortress.
Ahead, invisible to the naked eye but unmistakeable to her Vimsense, was the massive domed barrier of the fortress proper, its powerful magical harmonics overwhelming even the keening of the LAVs magines. 
Unable to penetrate the barrier from the air, the hoppers descended toward one of the massive pairs of heavily armored hangar doors built into the outer wall. A brief EComm exchange between the co-pilot and a ground controller established the proper security protocols and the massive doors slid open allowing the two hoppers to slip inside under the watchful gaze of an array of armored gun emplacements.
Inside the protected zone, the once luxurious upper class homes and businesses that had comprised the central district of the city were barely recognizable, most having simply been abandoned while others had been converted into troop barracks, storage depots, motor pools, or defensive strong points.
The hoppers made their way to the small airfield on the southern end of the zone. Before the war, the field had served Falkreeks elite and several of the hangars still held the abandoned remains of small, private hoppers once owned by enthusiast pilots or well-to-do citizens. Too fragile for combat use, most of the civilian vehicles had been scavenged of usable parts long ago, although a few remained as personal transports for high-ranked officers or for courier duties. 
The rest of the airstrip had been completely converted for military use. Rows of AAV-9As along with a handful of the newer 9G gunships lined the tarmac, ready for action. The area was a constant buzz of activity as crews and vehicles rotated through near endless sorties to and from the front. 
Already alerted to the approach of medivac hoppers, a cluster of medics and orderlies had gathered near the field, anxiously waiting for the transports to land, stretchers and medpaks at the ready. Nearby, mechanics and ordinance techs waited their turn to tend the vehicles once theyd been unloaded.
Lanis stood impatiently at the side door of the hopper and jumped down even before the vehicle settled to the ground. She stepped aside to make room for a senior medimancer and several assistant medics who rushed up to the hopper as the rest of her team disembarked. Most of them, anyway.
Heiko was still inside, hunched over Gaerte with her hands on his chest, but he was no longer moving. 
The senior medimancer paused briefly to take in the scene, then climbed in and crouched next to her. He gently pulled her back then reached down and ran his open palm across Gaertes face and slowly down his chest. Lanis recognized the familiar harmonic of a delving techniq, one of the few such medical technics she knew. She noted the medimancers brow furrow heavily as his hand passed over Gaertes lower body. Heiko simply watched in a daze.
Finally, the senior medimancer looked up at Lanis and shook his head, all the indication she needed. Gaerte was gone. Not even that dragonweave could help him now. Her guilt began the slow simmering into anger.
The senior doc whispered something to Heiko and she responded with a slight nod. He patted her gently on the shoulder, stood up and exited the hopper, then signaled his assistants to gather up the body before he headed to the second hopper to see if their wounded had fared any better.
The orderlies gently transferred Gaertes body to a stretcher and headed toward the infirmary as the rest of the team watched in silence. Heiko began gathering her gear and recomposing herself.
Lanis briefly considered ordering the girl to quarters, knowing that, by all rights, she should. Medimancers were a valuable resource and had to be treated with some care. Heiko was exhausted from her efforts to save Gaerte, the all to familiar strain of repeated channeling was evident on her face. She needed rest or she risked burning out her Gift. 
But Lanis still needed her.
Gray! she yelled to her grizzled second, whod been solemnly watching the preceding event from the door to the vehicles cockpit area. He stepped over to the side door.
Chief?
He looked like hed been to Gnisis and back. They all did, and Lanis briefly reconsidered her next order. A quick glance over her shoulder at the medics hauling away Gaertes body made up her mind.
Get this lot re-armed and back on the hopper! she ordered, loud enough for everyone to hear. 
The rest of the team stopped what they were doing and looked at her, their expressions a mixture of sadness, exhaustion and determination. Lanis glanced over the group then back at Gray.
We move in fifteen! 
You got it, Chief, Gray replied, then turned to the others, glancing back at her once just to be sure before proceeding. Her determined glare was all the answer he needed.
You heard the lady, re-arm and mount up! Fifteen minutes! he yelled.
With that, everyone snapped into well-rehearsed action, double checking their gear and weapons as they settled in for another sortie.
Lanis headed over to the pilot, who was standing next to the nose of the craft consulting with the maintenance chief whos team had just begun inspecting the hoppers systems.
Operations Commander Ratlif approached the hopper, his gray hat and service coat beading with moisture from the cool mist that clung over the field. His thick mustache barely hid the frown on his face as he surveyed the ragged remains of the Shiv Team hed sent out the night before. 
Lanis pretended not to notice him as she carried on a conversation with the pilot, copilot and chief tech.
Ratlif might have been annoyed at being ignored if he werent so accustomed to it. Lieutenant Lanis had been a source of much irritation for him over the near cycle since shed arrived at this post. Initially, hed wasted a lot of effort trying to discipline her, to little avail. Eventually, he just learned to look the other way and take advantage of her as an asset.
Inside that brusque exterior was a damn fine battlemancer, probably one of the most talented in the whole Arcane Corps, even if she did have a dismal sense of decorum and an awful temper. Rumor had it that shed once almost killed another officer who questioned her tactics. Ratlif figured that was probably an exaggeration but there was no doubting the lieutenants reputation.
As the pilots and techs set to work, Ratlif walked up beside her.
Blessed Sovereigns, Lieutenant, he said quietly. What happened?
Lanis turned to face him and gave a quick salute.
Itll be in my report, she said. Ill file it when I get back.
With that, she headed toward the armored hangar containing the weapons depot.
Back? Ratlif exclaimed as he started off after her. Wait a minute, Lieutenant!
Lanis entered the depot and moved hastily to the arming area. Several racks bearing a number of different assault rifles and machine guns lined the far wall behind several long tables covered in orderly rows of smaller weapons and munitions. 
One table was completely covered with row upon row of preloaded magazines and boxes of individual rifle rounds, all organized by caliber and marked to denote their type by different bands of color. Unmarked ammo was standard, blue for anti-magic JAM rounds, and red for explosive APEx shells. 
Another table held replacement booster systems, EP-rifles and a variety of Vimstone cartridges. These were also marked to denote their type, in this case their output rating in Dynards, the standard scale of magical power level.
Lanis headed directly to this table and set to work. With practiced speed, she reloaded the two Vimstone cartridges in her Booster system, tossing the expended ones into a barrel near the table. Then she grabbed several more of the small, metal cylinders and smoothly slipped them into the empty loops on her belt. 
Ratlif caught up with her as she was unholstering her V3 and doing a quick inspection.
Lieutenant... he said again, a bit louder this time.
Its still out there, she snapped, loading a fresh cartridge in the rifle and slipping the weapon into the holster on her leg. In the industrial sector, near the old mill. We have to get back out there before it gets away.
Ratlif sighed. Thats not gonna happen, Lieutenant, he said, pulling a bundle of folded papers from his jacket and slowly separating one of the sheets from the rest.
Lanis quickly double-checked the clip in her SAP-6 auto pistol. It was still full as she rarely used it. She reloaded the receiver and checked the safety before slamming it back into the holster behind her back. Finished, she turned to face Ratlif bearing a determined expression.
I know Im a man down, she admitted, but Abes got in a couple of good hits with the ATR before we bugged out.
The bastards wounded. If we can find it, I know we can finish it off.
Ratlif sympathized but it was really out of his hands. He frowned and held out the sheet. 
Lanis paused, glancing at the paper then eyeing Ratlifs face for any hint of what it might contain. Whats this? she asked, her tone a mix of curiosity and suspicion.
EComm from ARCH, Ratlif replied. Priority one.
Lanis hesitated for a moment before taking the sheet and unfolding it. Scanning over the words, her expression morphed from one of disinterest to confusion. She glanced back up at Ratlif, perhaps hoping that maybe this was some kind of joke.
He wished that he could say it was.
Sorry, Lieutenant, he sighed, Im afraid this ones gonna have to get away.
***
What the hell is THIS? Lanis growled, shaking the wrinkled paper for emphasis.
Lance Major Caldwell, the Arcane Corps attache to Falkreeks CAF command staff, glanced up at her from the comm station where hed been studying field reports. In front of him, three EComm technicians, wearing bulky headsets, hurriedly transcribed incoming coded messages onto paper and placed them into a nearby bin.
The entire room was abuzz with activity. EComm chatter filled the air as officers and aides flurried about monitoring the battlefront on large maps and holomagic displays. Orchestrated chaos was a term that came to mind.
Caldwell regarded Lanis for a moment. She was still in full battle gear, her armor caked with a crust of gray mud mixed with dark smears of blood. Her disheveled appearance only enhanced the fuming glare in her eyes and it was obvious that she was exercising every ounce of personal restraint.
Caldwell might not possess the Gift, but his experience and instincts told him that the Lieutenants armor schemata were still active, a serious procedural breach inside the facility, but one he would overlook, for the moment.
This wasnt his first encounter with Lieutenant Sheryl Lanis. Frankly, hed been expecting something like this ever since that batch of EComms had come in from ARCH, the Arcane Corps Headquarters in New Madison. He glanced calmly at the paper.
Looks like new orders to me, he said. You have a problem with them? 
Lanis thought shed already made her having a problem quite evident so she did her best to swallow her anger.
I dont get it, she said, her jaw tight.
What dont you get? Caldwell asked, picking up another report and glancing it over. You and your team are being attached to the 15th Drop which, as I understand, is being deployed to Tulane for temporary garrison duty. You will report to Brigadier Krantz aboard the skycruiser Adamant as soon as it arrives.
Garrison duty, Lanis said flatly. 
She noted that the conversation was drawing eyes from some of the techs in the room so she relaxed her demeanor, just a little.
Thats right, Caldwell said as he gathered up several of the reports. He looked at her and gestured toward his office in the back of the command center.
Lanis followed him, barely waiting until theyd passed through the doorway before resuming. 
But Shiv Nine is the best dragon-hunter team in the 44th. We
Yes, you are Caldwell cut in, turning around at his desk. And now youll be the best in the 15th. 
He sat down and laid the reports carefully to the side, giving Lanis his full attention.
Listen, he said, the 44th has been in tatters since the Crossing. 
Lanis paused at the mention of that day. 
Ekars Crossing, the worst single defeat the Coalition had suffered since the earliest cycles of the war. Doomed from the start, the assault on fortified Imperium lines had resulted in over twenty-thousand casualties and the loss of five skycruisers, gaining no ground in the process. Lanis had been there. Shed counted many friends among those thousands. It had been over a cycle now, but the pain felt fresh. Some wounds heal slowly.
And they arent the only ones, Caldwell continued, taking advantage of the momentary silence. There just arent enough greenhorns to go around and the ones we get barely know which way to point a rifle.
So, CAF Command has decided to consolidate forces and the 44th ended up on the block. That leaves you AND the other elements of the 33rd assigned here without a home.
Lanis really didnt give a damn about unit balancing and breaking in rookies.
Why the 15th? she asked. Why not the 82nd? At least theyre at the front.
This wasnt up to me! Caldwell shot back. You think Im happy about it? I need you here.
These orders come straight from ARCH. My hands are tied. He started filing through the reports.
There arent any damn Neds in Tulane! Lanis fumed.
Caldwell glanced up at her.
Have you looked at yourself? He said, then looked back down at his reports. Personally, I think you could use the downtime.
Enjoy the R&R, Lieutenant. The wars not going anywhere.
I dont NEED downtime! Lanis roared as she slammed her fist down on the desk, inadvertently activating the strength enhancement schema of her armor. The runes flared, splintering the wood and sending a cloud of scattered reports fluttering to the floor.
Caldwell stared at her with a disapproving scowl as the glow of the runes subsided. Lanis slowly removed her fist from the desk, backed up a few steps, then stood at attention, silently staring at the wall behind the Lance Major as she waited for his response.
 Finally, Caldwell sighed and rubbed his forehead with his fingers.
Inform your team, Lieutenant.
Sir, I
Enough! he pointed at her, his patience reaching the breaking point. Like it or not, youre going to be on that ship. 
Whether you spend the trip in a stateroom or the brig will depend heavily on the manner in which you leave this room. Clear?
What was clear was that Caldwell considered the conversation over. It didnt matter to Lanis that he was cutting her slack. As far as she was concerned, shipping out to some backwater redoubt was a punishment all its own.
This wasnt over. Shed find a way out of this assignment even if she had to go directly to ARCH. 
But she couldnt accomplish anything further here.
Yes, sir, she said tersely. 
Keeping her head high, she spun around and marched out of the office, ignoring the subtle stares of the technicians in the command center as she strode past them on her way out.
***
Lanis left the command bunker and stepped out into the rain, which had picked up again. She didnt mind. The cold, soggy atmosphere suited her mood perfectly.
She found her team lined up on the tarmac, waiting for her.
Gray called the team to attention then stood to the side as she approached.
Lanis looked them over as they stood there in the rain, stolid and fearless, ready to follow her back out there and do battle with a beast that had kicked their backsides twice in one night and claimed one of their own in the process. 
But maybe Caldwell was right. Maybe they did need a break.
At ease, she said.
The OC filled us in, Gray said.
Then you know that weve been transferred, she said, addressing everyone.
Garrison duty? Abes asked, seemingly a bit confused.
Thats right, she replied. ARCH has decided that we need a vacation.
That drew a few chuckles from the group.
CAS Adamant is due to arrive this afternoon, Lanis continued. Report to the skydocks at 15:30 with your gear. Might be a long stay. Questions?
No one seemed to have any.
Very well, Lanis said. Dismissed.
She turned to walk away.
Hell yeah! Lewis burst out. Bout time!
That prompted a few laughs, smiles and high-fives within the group.
Lanis stopped.
Gray shot Lewis a look that instantly shut down the celebratory mood. All eyes went to the lieutenant.
Dont get too comfortable, she said, then walked off, leaving behind an awkward silence.


TWO

Late Afternoon, 28 Freia, 1396
Redoubt Falkreek , Skydocks

The skydocks were located along the redoubts southern edge, built directly into the main wall surrounding the central district. It was an enormous structure, originally built to accommodate dozens of the massive airborne vessels. Decades ago, when the commuter lanes were full of civilian and cargo transports, this place would have been a constant bustle of activity. These days, the docks lay mostly empty and deteriorating, rarely seeing more than a few Coalition Navy vessels at any given time. 
It was a little after 3:00 PM, and, while the earlier fog had lifted, it was a gray, overcast afternoon. At least the rain had let up for a while.
Lanis stepped into the elevator, which was little more than a large, reinforced steel cage. Inside, she joined three grease-covered dock workers and two other officers, a man and woman, whos service patches marked them as being from the 33rds Artillery Spotters unit.
Remote viewersthey were an obscure lot with a reputation for being a bit aloof, some would even say detached. It was hardly surprising when one considered the effort it required for them to remain focused on a conversation amidst countless distractions. 
The pair stood in silence, patiently staring out of the elevator, waiting for the ride to end. Of course, one could never tell what they might actually be looking at. At any rate, neither seemed interested in talking which was just fine with Lanis. She wasnt really in the mood for conversation either, still fuming, as she was, over this reassignment. 
Besides, the foul-mouthed dock workers ended up doing enough talking for all of them, most of it grousing about this or that work detail or some other dockyard scuttlebutt.
The elevator carried them up over two hundred mets along the perimeter wall before it reached the skydock facility itself, then another ten floors through the massive superstructure to the main docks at the uppermost level.
Through the wire mesh of the elevator car, Lanis stared out at the sprawling interior of Falcreeks central district. She watched several hoppers take off from the landing field, heading east for the massive gates out of the fortress. She could just make out the tall, dark shadow of the perimeter wall on the opposite side of the district, nearly three kilomets away. She glanced up at the swirling distortions along the underside of the magical dome protecting the fortress. As the elevator reached the upper level of the dock, the dome seemed close enough for her to reach up and touch it.
They finally lurched to a stop and the heavy, steel grate squealed open to reveal a stark, gray hallway lit by the feeble glow of a dozen dust-covered lights that lined the ceiling. 
Lanis remembered this place well. It was the first thing shed seen upon arriving at Falcreek almost a cycle ago.
When shed stepped off the gankplank of the hauler CAS Tribune that day, shed done so with a light step, full of anticipation for her assignment. Falcreek Redoubt was a well-known hotspot--a critical link in the Coalitions northern front--making it a near-constant target for Imperium attack. For those wanting to make a name for themselves, Falcreek was a place to do it.
And it hadnt disappointed. Her team had chalked up two ned kills since their deployment here. That number might have been three were it not for the crinkled orders stuffed in her pocket.
With a sigh, she hefted her duffle to her shoulder and followed the others into the hall. The place hadnt really changed much but it felt much different this time.
They passed by several lounges and offices, remnants of the days of civilian air travel. Some had been converted to storage rooms but most simply lay dark and empty save the dusty furniture and decades old periodicals strewn about tables and the floor. 
A large sign hanging across the hall indicated the direction to the docks. From the other direction, it read, in fancy letters, WELCOME TO FALCREEK. Some anonymous wit had replaced Falcreek with HELLS DOORSTEP and added Please Wipe Your Feet and Beware of Dog along the bottom next to a crude depiction of a snarling netherdragon.
At the end of the hall were a set of metal doors that were propped open, presumably to allow for air flow into the musty interior. Beyond them lay another dim hall lined with offices on the left and a large open lobby to the right. 
Along the back of the lobby was a long series of windows where past travelers would have lined up to purchase tickets or check in upon arrival. The posts and ropes that once formed the queues had been removed and several tables and chairs had been haphazardly set up to form what appeared to be a break area for the dock crew, judging by the half-dozen or so men and women sitting about eating, talking and smoking.
Here the group parted, the dock workers joining their lounging companions for a chat before their shift and Lanis, along with the two other soldiers, headed toward the docks.
Beyond the lounge the hallway turned to the left and large panes of thick glass, stained and caked along the edges with decades of dust, allowed one to see out over the vast docks to the right.
Easily eight hundred mets wide and over five hundred mets deep, the main dock platform ran through the entire depth of the perimeter wall. Enormous reinforced doors on the far side stood open revealing the murky sky beyond.
Massive signs, covered in grime and dust, labeled the individual berths, six on this level. Each berth was roughly sixty mets wide, three hundred mets long and three or so stories deep, giving repair crews access to all areas around a docked vessel.
The interior was a complex maze of stairs, platforms and catwalks crawling with workers dressed in various colored uniforms denoting each person's particular job. Chains and cables dangled from cranes mounted on rails along the ceiling. All was lit by giant banks of lights tucked amongst the trusses and gridwork high above. The place smelled of burnt metal and oil.
Two vessels were currently moored at the dock, held by dozens of ropes and cables as they floated leisurely on their etheric buoyancy fields. One, a light cruiser, appeared to be heavily damaged. The glow of blowtorches and cascades of sparks illuminated large rents in the vessels heavy armor plating and work crews scurried about like ants, furiously mending the wounded vessel to get it back into service as quickly as possible.
The other ship was a heavy barge that looked to be a civilian conscription. It was little more than a huge flying box with a superstructure containing a bridge and crew quarters. An aged pair of first generation K/F series siphon reactors seemed to barely keep the rundown hulk afloat. 
Troops milled about the dock nearby, some standing in small groups talking amongst themselves, others laying on their carryalls, trying to catch a few extra winks as they waited for the order to fall in for boarding.
From this angle, Lanis couldnt make out the names of either vessel. Taking a deep breath, she hoisted her bag and headed down the large flight of stairs that led from the hall to the main platform, dreading the possibility that one of these hapless craft was the Adamant. Hopefully it was going to be a short trip.
She spotted an officer with a clipboard in hand looking over some cargo that was stacked on the platform nearby. He didnt seem to notice her as she approached, hardly surprising considering the noise.
She tapped his shoulder, startling him out of his concentration.
Good afternoon, Lieutenant, he said with a quick salute.
Im looking for the Adamant, she said.
The officer relaxed a bit. Halveres boat? Delayed origin side.
I see, Lanis said, hiding her relief.
But she should be arriving any time, the officer added quickly. Berth number three. He pointed over Laniss shoulder.
Thanks, she said as she turned to leave.
Suddenly, the name rang a bell. 
Wait, she turned back around. Halvere Geoffrey Halvere?
The officer looked back up from his board. Thats right. You know him?
Sort of, she said, thinking back. Family friend.
 Geoffrey Halvere and her uncle had met many cycles before Lanis had come to live with her foster family. Theyd both been captains in the Coalition Navy, before her uncle had been promoted to the admiral staff. 
Sometimes, when Halvere was on leave, he would visit their home to catch up with his old friend. She could recall listening to the two of them sharing old academy and war stories after dinner. Well, her uncles stories were old anyway. Halvere was fairly young then but seemed to have no end of battle stories. As a young girl, Lanis had dreamed of joining the Coalition Navy as a Navigator. That was before her parents died and she decided to enlist in the Arcane Corps for battlemancer training instead. Still, the image of the dashing Navy officer resonated with her and shed sported an innocent crush on the man for a time. Such was one of the frivolous virtues of youth.
Lanis never really understood why Halvere didnt seem to visit family of his own. Maybe he didnt have any. She certainly knew what that was like.
He must be close to fifty by now. Was he really just a transport captain these days? Maybe thats how the Air Navy treated its veterans. It seemed a shame.
Small world eh? the officer said with a bit of a chuckle.
I suppose it is, Lanis said, forcing a weak smile.
Well, if youre being transferred to Adamant, consider yourself lucky. That ship has quite a history. Theres a request list a mile long to get posted to her, in no small part because of her skipper.
Really, Lanis muttered.
She felt a disturbance through her Vimsensea tiny vibration at first, like the sound of thunder rolling in the distance.
Alarm klaxons blared, drowning out the noise of the docks, followed by an announcement in a female voice.

ATTENTION. IN-BOUND GATEWAY. STAND BY FOR ETHERIC DISRUPTION. REPEAT, IN-BOUND GATEWAY. STANDBY FOR ETHERIC DISRUPTION.

 Steadily the sensation grew, coalescing into a deafening roar like the wailing of a thousand voices from overhead. Lanis was accustomed to the piercing sound of enchantech-powered magic but shed seldom been so close to a translocation matrix this large. 
She noted the dock workers around her carrying on with their work, blissfully oblivious to the deafening sound. Non-sensitives may not be able to learn to channel as she could, but she had to admit that they did have some advantages.
Struggling not to wince against the overwhelming volume of the powerful magical harmonics, she looked up to watch the ship arrive. Too bad her EVIs were packed with her armor. Through the goggles, the spellshock of a skycruiser gate entry was usually quite a show.
Nearly a kilomet from the docks, the gray sky abruptly seemed to rip open as the gateway cut into local space. Encompassed by ripples of etheric lightning, the rectangular opening shimmered and undulated slightly as the massive power of tens of thousands of varions forced a breach in local reality. The result was, in essence, an enormous floating window to somewhere else.
Gating in this manner was actually quite dangerous. The calculations had to be perfect and the amount of Vim required was staggering. It was amazing that gating worked at all when one considered all the variables.
But despite the hazards, it was the fastest way to travel, allowing a skycruiser to cover distances in mere minutes that would take days to weeks to travel by conventional means. It was a technomagical edge that had helped the Coalition to continue its fight against the Imperium for decades. Too bad the Coalition no longer possessed exclusive control of the technology.
Lanis shielded her eyes against the bright sunlight that poured in from the gateway. It was apparently midday on the origin side, which would put it somewhere in western Calandra or perhaps as far as Meilaan, but from this angle she couldnt make out any landmarks beyond the opening. 
Slowly, the shadow of the massive skycruiser blotted out the sunlight as it sailed through the gateway. Bolts of blue-green etheric lightning arced from the gate perimeter to the band of elaborate, silver schemata etched around the circumference of the ships armored hull, casting off showers of azure sparks.
As the vessel cleared the threshold, the gateway abruptly flashed and collapsed. Lanis relaxed as the wailing sound diminished, replaced by the distant, gentle hum of the ships massive siphoning reactors. As her eyes recovered from the glare of the gateway she got her first good look at what would be her temporary new home. 
What she saw was certainly no transport.
Adamants square lines and starkly angled hull plating were typical of Calandran design, practical and functional. At two-hundred-seventy mets in length and forty mets at the beam, the twenty-thousand ton Stalwart class barely squeezed into the heavy cruiser category. Her wide upper decks supported the main superstructure containing the bridge, operations center, and sensor towers, all bristling with an array of anti-air gun turrets. 
To either side of the main hull protruded the massive circular hubs that housed the ships SERA siphoning reactors. Each reactor was capable of generating tens of thousands of Dynards of magical Vim, enough to power a small city. Even at this distance, Lanis could feel the powerful resonance of their parallel Vimstone arrays.
The entire perimeter of the armored main hull was laced with the complex, geometric rune pattern that made up the vessels primary hull schema. Powered by the ships reactors, the silvery runes shimmered softly in the gray morning haze as they generated the powerful buoyancy field that kept the ship aloft in the Etherum.
Adamants firepower consisted of four main batteries of two forty-centimet guns mounted in fore and aft dorsal and ventral turrets, each capable of lobbing HEV or SCAM rounds at targets over twenty kilomets away. A secondary array of sixteen barbette-mounted ten-centimet smoothbore cannon, eight along each side, rounded out the vessels primary armament.
CAS Adamant was a predator and, much like Lanis herself, existed for a singular purpose: to kill the enemy. Lanis felt a certain odd kinship with this armored behemoth. 
Well, theres your ride, Lieutenant, the dock officer said with a smile.
Lanis glanced in his direction, a bit too surprised for words.
Good luck, Maam, the officer said with a quick salute.
Thanks, she replied.
This was certainly a blow to her expectations. A battlecruiser commanded by, of all people, Geoffrey Halvere. Just an odd coincidence, perhaps. 
Lanis wasnt sure why, but her steps felt a bit lighter as she headed off to join the slowly growing mass of soldiers forming up near berth number three.


THREE

Early Morning, 4 Luun, 1396
Citadel Warrn, Central Valdon

Sir Ryan Gedric stretched his shoulders and tried to suppress a yawn. The failed effort only cramped his jaw muscles, causing him to spend the next several seconds making exaggerated faces to work out the stiffness. As he massaged his cheek, he noted the stubble of several days lack of shaving. It was hardly unusual for him but he made a mental note to take care of it today, time permitting.
Maybe hed even have old Paetr, the citadel's resident barber, trim his hair as well. Lately, Ryan had simply taken stuffing the unruly, black mass under his helmet rather than attempting to comb it, which only made it worse. He'd been far too preoccupied lately to be concerned about such things. At least he still had the sensibility to bathe, which was more than he could say for some of the guardsmen with whom he shared his post on the wall tonight.
Ryan slowly scanned the area, his eyes straining to pull details from the monochromatic vista of the moonlit valley far below. He was leaning against the cold stone of tower five, located on the south battlement of the citadels main curtain wall. In daylight, this spot would have provided a stunning view of the valley and the mountain pass hundreds of mets below. But in the dark of night, there was little to see beyond the flickering pools of light cast by fire pits surrounded by small clusters of guards attempting to soak up some warmth before continuing their rounds.
A sudden, biting wind whipped through the citadel, stirring the flags atop the towers into a frenzy. It was midsummer here in Valdon but the air remained chilly at this altitude, especially at night. Ryan put a hand up to shield his eyes from the wind. It seemed that watch duty bore many of the same discomforts as flying while lacking any of the freedom or excitement. 
Ryan unconsciously bounced on the balls of his feet as he rubbed his hands together to warm them; an unnecessary habit. His hardened leather riding armor was designed to handle the conditions of flight; being both well-insulated and imbued with several simple enchantments that made it resistant to the elements. Physically, at least, Ryan was quite comfortable. Seeing several of the guardsmen snugging their cloaks over their heavy chain hauberks reminded him that not all were so lucky. 
Of course, Ryan didnt really have to be up here at all. Dragonknights, like himself, were considered high-caste. As such, they were pampered nearly as much as their fire drake mounts and certainly considered to be above the more mundane tasks of maintaining the fortress, such a guard duty.
To be fair, Dragonknight training was intensive and time consuming. Those with the combination of talent and dedication to achieve knightly status were rare indeed and highly valuable. Many allowed that fact to go to their heads, resulting in what Ryan saw as an inflated sense of self-importance.
Ryan had not been born to a noble family, nor had he enjoyed a particularly pampered upbringing. Perhaps due to his practical nature, he never shied away from duties that others might have considered below his station. This, and his personable nature, did a great deal for his reputation amongst the lower caste occupants of the citadel.
Nevertheless, the watch captain had been rather shocked by Ryans offer to take a shift on sentry duty and it had taken quite a degree of assurances that it was even permissible before the man had finally relented. So, while some lucky guardsmen was sleeping off an unexpected and much appreciated extra night of dicing and ale, Ryan was on the south battlement, alone with his thoughts, which is precisely as hed wanted it. 
You are uncomfortable?
Well, not quite alone.
Ryan sighed and chuckled quietly. He should have known that Gantros was not asleep. The drake was likely picking up on Ryan's restless fidgeting, despite being down in the billets, deep in the bowels of the fortress.
Gantros was Ryans fire drake partner. Well, not HIS, to be sure. A man can no more own a dragon than he can own the wind, as the saying went. And while drakes were not true dragons, they shared many of the same attributes and idiosyncrasies, independence being foremost among them.
Gantros was a Red; fire drake breeds being denoted primarily by the color of their scales along with a handful of other features that tended only to matter to the likes of breeders and scholars. There were also several sub-breeds, mainly based on localized variations in scale patterns, but most fell into the general terms of Reds, Yellows, or the exceptionally rare Gray. 
Reds, as their name implied, usually ranged in color from bright red to a rusty orange and bore striped or diamond patterns of green or blue on their backs and underbellies. They tended to be powerful fliers with strong wing muscles that allowed them to maneuver quickly in battle. Although Reds lacked the endurance of the slightly larger Yellows, they could usually overpower them in close melee.
All drake breeds could breathe fire by exhaling and igniting gasses stored in special bladders within their bodies. While not nearly as powerful as the quasi-magical fire breath reputedly possessed by stone dragons, it could certainly kill smaller prey or stun larger opponents, making it quite useful as a weapon in combat.
Gantros inquiry had not come in words, per se. Unlike their distant dragon cousins, fire drakes, while highly intelligent, lacked the ability to speak verbally. They communicated with their riders via an empathic bond through which they could share the raw impressions of a concept through images and feelings.
The process could be extremely difficult to understand at first, but became easier over time. As rider and drake worked together, a personal language would develop between them, eventually enabling the pair to communicate better than they ever could have through speech alone. This efficiency was particularly useful in combat where instantaneous communication, unhindered by the noise of battle, was a critical advantage. Veteran teams could often appear to operate as one creature, reacting to their partners thoughts and actions as if they were their own.
Ryan had been bonded to Gantros at the age of fifteen, nearly twelve cycles ago. He'd been very lucky. Bonding was an uncertain process and tended to work better on younger, more impressionable minds. At fifteen, Ryans aura should have been too rooted, making the bonding extremely unlikely to take, even with a suitable drake.
Despite the odds, Gantros had seen something in the impetuous teenager that sparked the bonding and, fortunately; Ryans potential had been high enough to overcome the difficulties. After that, the pair had worked very hard to catch up with knights who had bonded much younger. Through those efforts, the two of them had developed a strong sense of dedication to one another that exceeded many knights possessing far more experience.
I am fine. Ryan responded. Do not concern yourself, friend. Go back to sleep.
You need rest also.
That was certainly true, but as warm and inviting as thoughts of his bed might be, Ryan found it hard to think of sleeping. Hed been having some unusual and disturbing dreams lately. A number of them were to be expected, bits of battles, some of which hed actually fought, others he didnt quite recognize. Most soldiers would admit to having nightmares about battles; a common occurrence as the mind did its best to sort through and deal with the horrors of war. 
But, lately, Ryan had also dreamt of dragons. Not just any dragons, but the Sovereignsthe elder wyrms of the great dragon Enclaves in far away Galendra.
Ryan had never been to the Assemblage, the great hall where the members of the Draconic Deliberative held council. Not many humans actually had, at least not in recent times. Those few who were permitted to treat with the mighty wyrms were certainly far more important than himself. Ryan didn't even know what the Sovereigns looked like beyond the descriptions of others, much of which was probably just wild speculation. Somehow, he just knew it was them.
Why he, of all people, would dream of such things was a mystery to him. He was certainly no prophet. Indeed, he hadnt an ounce of magical talent in his body. 
The more pious among his Order might have claimed it was an omen or some similar nonsense. Ryan didnt generally believe in such things and it would take more than some uncomfortable dreams to convince him otherwise. Thus far, hed kept his visions to himself, not wanting to become the center of some pseudo-religious debate. But while he could put on a facade of normalcy in the face of most everyone else, there was little he could hide from Gantros. 
Yes, mother, he thought, but so will you if you dont leave me be and rest yourself. My shift is nearly over. I promise to sleep afterward.
Acceptable. 
With that, Ryan could sense a distinct feeling of relaxation from his overprotective companion.
Ryan sighed and began pacing the battlement, if only to stretch his legs. In all truth, there was little for a sentry to do up here, as the likelihood of direct enemy attack against Citadel Warrn was practically negligible. The fortress was situated high in the Hidaan Mountains, far from any real threats and accessible only by air or via a narrow, twisting pass through the crags below.
The jagged, gray peaks of the Hidaans spanned hundreds of kilomets, nearly the entire length of Valdon from north to south, creating a natural barrier that had served as a point of strategic defense throughout history. The various passes over the range were dotted with defensive bulwarks, some dating back thousands of cycles. The most strategically important of these had been rebuilt and improved many times over the centuries. 
But with the advent of skycruisers and gateway travel, forging on foot through the mountain passes had become largely unnecessary, rendering the majority of the fortresses obsolete. A handful had been put to use by the Coalition Armed Forces as ScryNet listening posts or supply depots in its war against the Imperium but the majority had simply been abandoned to the purview of historians and military scholars.
Most such structures were man-made, towering monuments to his long history of war. A few, such as Citadel Warrn, had not been constructed for use in war, although they often found themselves involved in such conflicts anyway.
Built in ancient times by companies of Dragonknights such as the Order of the Protectorate and the Order of the Hammer, using ancient Elandric magic and the assistance of stone dragon artificers, these fortified monasteries were built for isolation. Their locations were more often determined by the geomantic characteristics of the landscape than by strategic concerns, the foremost being the existence and orientation of local ley lines, the powerful magical currents of the Etherum.
The citadels immense internal chambers, built to draconic scale, had once been home to the great wyrms and their riders. They had served as bases from which the Dragonknights would train, study, and extend their protection to the local populace.
Originally, the Dragonknight Orders, which then numbered in the dozens, built their halls and temples near the great cities of their time. The towering structures had been symbols of peace and the cooperation between man and his dragon mentors. 
But as time went on, it became impossible for the Orders to remain neutral in the ever-thickening morass of human politics. Often times, their actions, or lack thereof, put them at odds with local governments. More than one of the ancient Orders had learned the hard way regarding relations with secular rulers who had become fearful or envious of a powerful, organized force within their borders.
Eventually, the remaining Orders moved their holdings away from civilization to remote border regions such as the Hidaan Mountains. Here they built grand temple monasteries in an attempt to sequester themselves from the political and military aspirations of mankind. Ever the targets of rival power groups, many of these monasteries evolved into formidable defensive structures, designed to protect their powerful artifacts and knowledge from those who might abuse them; monuments to peace buried behind magical wards, fortified walls and weapons.
Citadel Warrn was no exception.
The fortress itself was largely below ground, deep within the mountain. Its only significant external features were a courtyard surrounded by a fortified wall and an enormous, armored gate that led to the lower halls.
The courtyard, which also served as a landing field, consisted of an open area of relatively level, rocky ground approximately one-hundred-twenty mets wide and eighty mets deep. It was enclosed by a thirty met thick, semi-circular, stone wall supported by six large towers, all seemingly carved from the mountain itself. Atop the towers and spaced along the wall were several heavy Voidcasters. Resembling mundane artillery, the magically enhanced cannons were Citadel Warrns only concession to modern technology. 
The walls and towers were dotted with countless arrow and gun loops from which defenders could easily assail enemies approaching up the mountain pass. Manning the fortress was a contingent of nearly one hundred and fifty soldiers and channelers-- along with roughly three dozen dragonknights and their drakes--all supported by a small army of support personnel.
While Citadel Warrn possessed a daunting physical defense, its true strength was invisible to those lacking the ability to sense magic. Protective wards, placed by dragon artificers thousands of cycles ago, still hummed with life within the walls and corridors of the fortress. Drawing increased power from nearby ley lines, these defensive spells made the citadel nearly indestructible to all but the highest magics. Several attempts had been made to besiege Citadel Warrn over its long history but none had ever breached the main gate.
It was, in fact, those very magical wards that made this location so important to the Order of Balthas, the knightly brotherhood to which Sir Ryan belonged.
The Order of Balthas was one of the oldest and most well-known of the remaining dragonknight orders, more due to its namesake than for any other reason. While not actually founded by Sir Balthas of Sandrea himself, the Order had been established in his name many cycles after his death. The Orders sworn duty was to preserve his legacy as the first Wyrmweaver of Elandis and to find and train future Wyrmweaver candidates.
Thus, while other dragonknight Orders served a more combative role, the Order of Balthas was tasked with, among other things, preserving the knowledge and artifacts of ages past.
Over the centuries, most of the great Dragonknight citadels had succumbed to the ravages of time and war, their secrets plundered or destroyed. Citadel Warrn was rare in that its ward matrices had remained largely intact, making it not only a formidable defensive structure but a valuable time capsule of ancient artifacts and knowledge.
Deep in the vaults below the Citadel, protected by powerful magical seals, lay the most important relics of the Order: the spell-forged sword and armor of Sir Balthas himself. They had served each of the three Wyrmweavers whod followed in his footsteps and now waited patiently for the next who would fulfill the role. 
Alongside them, and possibly even more significant, was the Auraeometer. Forged by dragon artificers and gifted to the Order centuries ago, it was supposedly able to detect individuals who had the potential to be Wyrmweaver candidates, although the mechanics of how it did so were a mystery. 
Regrettably, while the Auraeometer had indicated a number of potential individuals over the cycles, none had ever passed whatever obscure criteria the Sovereigns used to judge such candidates. Undaunted, the Order continued to seek out and train applicants in the hope that they might one day find someone the Sovereigns deemed worthy, just as they had done for near two and a half thousand cycles.
Unfortunately, over recent centuries, their mission had been reduced to little more than a dream. Over eight hundred cycles had now passed since Sir Hector of Galeaat merged with his mighty mist dragon Rhaikkon, serving as the last of Elandiss mighty Wyrmweavers.
After that, for reasons known only to the dragons themselves, most of the great wyrms went into hiding, sequestering themselves away in distant Galendra and forbidding humans to go there. Only the Sovereigns, the elder wyrms of the Draconic Deliberative, still interacted directly with humans, and then only at the Assemblage, the ancient acropolis built by humans long ago to honor the mighty wyrms. 
There were rumors that a small faction of dragons were helping humans fight the war against the Imperium, but, for the better part, it seemed that the ancient creatures were content to leave humanity to its fate. This, and the fact that the Imperium itself was ruled by sadistic, Netherdragon, overlords did little to improve public opinion regarding dragons of any kind.
Naturally, this perception extended itself to anyone who treated with such creatures, including the Dragonknights. As a result, the once-proclaimed defenders of humanity were, these days, more often greeted with disdain or outright hostility.
Now, with public interest waning and recruitment falling, only a few of the Dragonknight Orders still existed, mostly only in name. With the Pacts between human and dragon-kind broken, the knights were no longer permitted to bond with the true Elandian wyrms and had taken to breeding fire drakes, the lesser cousins of true dragons, to serve as mounts. The glory of the Dragonknights had decayed like its ancient and dusty citadels. 
But like the magics of Citadel Warrn, which held strong despite the ages, the heart of the Dragonknight Orders endured, struggling to sustain a memory in a world that was trying to forget.
Things were certainly not as Ryan had imagined they would be when he joined the Order at the tender age of nine. Ryan had always been fascinated with dragons and hed imagined life in the Order to be one of glorious battle and heroics. Gods, but hed been so naive back then.
Now Ryan was spending the most desperate war in Elandiss history babysitting dusty artifacts while his comrades scoured the world in the vain hope of finding some mythical hero. Duty, along with age and experience, had tempered Ryans youthful dreams of glory.
The eastern sky gradually turned to hues of red and yellow as the sun struggled to rise over the mountains and the dark of night finally began to give way to the dawn. As the sunlight trickled over the peaks, Ryan could make out the forested valley below to a greater extent. The lowest points were still shrouded in morning fog, giving the valley the appearance of being buried in orange-colored cotton. The chirping of birds drifted up from the trees below adding a peaceful tranquility to the summer morning and, for a moment, Ryan could almost forget that there was a war raging not so far away.
From behind him came the first sounds of the morning crews exiting the fortress to begin their daily duties. Already, Master Hammond, the Orders chief artificer, was firing up the forges, while his yawning assistants prepared tools and materials.
A sudden rush of air and a sound like snapping canvas from overhead made Ryan glance upwards in time to see the underbelly of a drake passing a handful of mets overhead. Febrene, judging by the distinctive turquoise scale patterns on her belly and her lean profile. That would be Liane then, off on morning patrol.
A spirited young knight hailing from TLanth, Liane was petite, with short dark hair, dark brown eyes, and a feminine charm thinly veiled by her tomboyish demeanor. Easily the equal to any male knight, she was quite capable with a sword and handled her drake, Febrene, with amazing skill.
As they passed over, Liane leaned sideways in the saddle and waved back at Ryan. Her scarf and goggles hid her expression but Ryan could clearly imagine her mocking smile. Having, no doubt, heard that Ryan was on sentry duty, she had likely made sure to leave via this route just to antagonize him. It was all in friendly jest, of course. There was a great respect between them.
Febrene, excited to be airborne, let out a high-pitched, staccato trumpeting which echoed across the valley. The sudden outburst set the dogs in the courtyard barking and stirred up clouds of startled birds from the valley below.
Seemingly satisfied with her assertion of dominance over the sky, Febrene settled into a relaxed glide, surveying the valley below with her keen eyes. Ryan smiled, thinking about how those two were such a perfect match, so full of energy and life. Drakes and their riders often adopted traits from one another over time but Liane and Febrene were so alike to begin with that they seemed destined to bond. Even in his somber mood, Ryan could not help but crack a smile.
He watched the two of them for a time as they receded into the distance. Suddenly, Febrene banked hard to the right and increased speed. Ryan traced the line of her new heading, spotting a small speck above the western horizon. He grabbed the spyglass from its leather pouch on his belt and focused it on the distant object. In the somewhat distorted but magnified view he could make out the form of another drake and rider approaching fast. His tension level increased a bit.
Despite a few doctrinal disagreements, all known dragonknights were considered allies. However, communications were often inconsistent between the various Orders and situations could change. Adding to that was the ever-present possibility of Imperium impostors and spies, meaning that one could never be too careful, even when dealing with supposed friends.
Ryan watched Liane bring Febrene into a wide circle around the interloper, doubtlessly demanding identification while maintaining an advantageous attack angle. For his part, the approaching drake maintained his heading, slowing into a gentle glide. 
Ryan could make out the other drakes rider waving a flag bearing the courier symbol of the Order of the Shield. A dispatch rider, or at least he appeared to be. Ryans tension changed to anticipation. Messengers between the Orders had become rare in recent cycles, often weeks or even months apart. Citadel Warrns isolation and the difficulties of communication due to the war did not help matters. Any news from abroad was a welcome thing. At the very least, it was a break from the norm.
Febrene settled into formation with the other drake while Liane and the other rider appeared to exchange words. After a few moments she waved and banked away to resume her patrol, seemingly satisfied with the Shield riders credentials.
Ryan returned the spyglass to its case and began moving quickly down the twisting stairs behind the main wall to the courtyard below. As he reached the bottom, the bells of the watchtowers took up the three-ring alarm pattern that indicated incoming riders. Almost immediately the well-trained ground crews jumped into action, shifting their attention to the sky while preparing to attend to the needs of the arriving drake and rider.
As Ryan approached the landing field, he noticed a group of three young boys who were anxiously watching the landing area from behind some wooden crates, obviously distracted from their chores by the excitement. 
His first inclination was to send them back to their duties with a stern warning. As a young knight in training, hed often been reprimanded for similar infractions. Naturally, hed been resentful at the time. Now, being older and a bit wiser, he appreciated the need for discipline, especially with children. But he didnt have to resort to the lash. He altered his course to come up behind the trio.
Ryan stopped just behind the boys and his thoughts drifted back fourteen cycles. He had been about the same age as these boys when he sneaked out of school to watch a delegation of Dragonknights arrive in his city. Hed been so excited to see real drakes that hed actually tried to sneak up and touch one of the creatures, oblivious to the fact that it could have lashed out and killed him instantly had it felt threatened. But it hadnt, and now, against all odds, he was a Dragonknight, bonded to one of those very beasts hed so admired. He couldnt really blame these boys for their excitement.
Statistically speaking, maybe one out of the three actually had the potential to be bonded. And even then, the odds of a hatching occurring while the boy was young enough and that hatching containing a compatible drake were even less. Ryan had been very lucky with Gantros. Likely, none of these young ones would get that chance. As he stood there pondering this, his glum mood returned. 
The center boy, a scrawny lad with sandy-blonde hair, appeared to be the youngest of the trio and was obviously paranoid of being caught, judging by the way he constantly shifted his gaze from the landing field to his surroundings. Perhaps sensing a presence behind him, he glanced back and nearly jumped out of his skin with fright. Mistaking Ryans scowl as one of disapproval, the poor lad nervously dropped the bucket hed been holding, splashing water over Ryans boots. 
Ryan glanced down at his boots then looked up at the boy, raising an eyebrow with a questioning look. Terrified, the wide-eyed boy began elbowing his companions to both sides.
Stop fidgeting, Mical. Master Raust will skin us if he catches us, said the red-haired one, without taking his eye off the activity at the landing area.
Yeah, its gonna be landing any minute, said the other, a dark-skinned boy with curly, black hair. I bet its a Red. Most of em are Reds, he added authoritatively.
Aw, shut up, Teb. You think you know everything, retorted the red-haired boy.
Ryan interjected. Actually, I think its a Yellow. 
The boys flinched, realizing theyd been caught. They turned around slowly and faced Ryan, who glared down at them with a menacing expression. The red-haired boy, most likely the leader of this little band, spoke up first. 
Sir Ryan, we was just... um we was just on our way to the kennels, we was... and um...
Ryan crossed his arms over his chest and put on a show of listening intently, nodding his head before adding his own ending to the obviously fictitious tale. 
--and you walked by these crates, here, and saw they were about to fall over. So, being the good, helpful lads you are, you stopped to stack them back up, he said.
The boys expressions dropped at the obvious level of sarcasm in his voice.
Teb looked up at Ryan pleadingly. 
Please dont tell Master Raust. Please, Sir Ryan. We just wanted to watch, then we was going back to work. Honest. Please dont tell.
Ryan let them agonize while he pretended to ponder their fate. Once they looked thoroughly dejected enough for his liking, he walked over to the crates and inspected them, even rocking them a bit to test their stability.
Hmm. Seems a good thing that you lads came along, else these crates might have spilled all over. Still, they could fall over in the wash when that drake comes in to land. Youd better stay here and hold them up until hes settled, then get on about your work.
Can you do that for me?
The boys looked incredulous, as though Ryan had just spared them a lifes sentence. They nodded furiously.
Ryan stood up. Good, and if Master Raust says anything, you tell him you were doing a little task for me. 
He kneeled down to the sandy-haired youngster.
Mical, right?
The little boy was obviously nervous but managed to speak.
Yes, Sir.
Mical, I have a special job for you. After you help your friends here hold up these crates... he winked, ... you run up to Master Phaedaans office and tell the guard that a messenger is here. You have to be quick but safe, understand?
Mical nodded emphatically and shot a sneer at his companions, who feigned apathy even though Ryan could tell they were practically green with envy.
Thank you, Ryan said as he stood up.
He gave the boys a quick salute which they reciprocated with extreme vigor and various degrees of competence, and Ryan could not help but smile. His mood brightened a bit as he strode off to the landing area just as the incoming drake passed over the main wall.
The great beast made a high speed pass over the courtyard at an altitude of about twenty mets before circling around for a landing approach, belting out a quick succession of loud blasts to warn anyone below to vacate the area.
Senior Ground Sergeant Stev Marley barked orders to his crew, who rapidly cleared the landing zone. After sizing up its target, the drake entered a swift, downward glide then angled its long wings in a sudden breaking maneuver. With a few quick, powerful flaps that stirred up dust and forced a few ground crew to clamp down on their hats, the drake settled lightly to the ground.
It was a fabulous beast. A Yellow, easily eighteen mets from head to tail tip and probably near to two tonnes. Its bright saffron scales and linear pattens of reddish-orange gave it the impression of being on fire. Distinctive bony ridges extending from the snout over the eyes and under the chin gave it a regal appearance enhanced by its decorative blue and gold tack bearing the fist and shield crest of the Order of the Shield. Its blackened plate and chain barding had a ceremonial styling but to Ryans trained eye, showed signs of having been patched in several places. This was no glorified carrier pigeon but an experienced beast of war.
The rider was no less a spectacle. His polished leather and plate riding armor was lavishly embellished with spiraling runes and decorative patterns. The plate was blackened, like the drakes barding, to reduce glare, which could easily give away a knights position in the air. Compared to Ryan, with his much simpler, utilitarian, armor style, this knight carried the appearance of royalty. However, on closer inspection, the number of dents and patches in the armor implied a history of many battles.
The rider lifted his goggles and pulled down his heavily embroidered scarf revealing the dark-olive complexion and chiseled featured of a Medinaran. His dark eyes were set deep beneath heavy brows and a well-trimmed goatee graced his chin. Slight wrinkles around his eyes made him look a bit aged even though he was unlikely to be older than thirty cycles. The knight disconnected the hasps of his leg harness and dismounted in a single, fluid movement, sliding down the drakes lowered shoulder and landing softly on the ground. Marley stepped forward and the knight regarded him with a casual air.
Ambrax requires only food and water, if you please, he said in a thick Medinaran accent and with and air of authority. He can remain tacked. Our stay will be short.
Marley looked a bit taken aback by the abruptness.
As you wish, Sir. Hell be refreshed and ready at your leave, he said with a slight bow and turned to begin directing his crew.
And do not allow him to gorge himself. He gets lethargic and weve a long flight ahead, the knight added in a sarcastic tone, glancing over his shoulder.
The drake gave a derisive snort and the knight chuckled, patting the beast lightly on the neck. Marley paused, not totally sure how to proceed. 
Uhh, yes, Sir. No gorging. Understood, Sir, he stammered between short bows before hesitantly returning to his work, probably trying to calculate how much meat would be an appropriate portion for a beast this size. 
Drakes were voracious eaters and once they began to feed, could be difficult to stop, thus the ground crews would usually bring meals to the drakes in isolated feeding areas rather than allowing them access to the flocks unchecked. It was less of a headache for the shepherds, as well, since the mere presence of a drake would set the herds to panicking.
After a moment spent inspecting and reassuring his mount, the knight pulled a large leather satchel from the saddlebags and headed to the edge of the landing field, where Ryan was patiently waiting. 
From observation alone, Ryan could not be sure of this knights rank. The Knights of the Shield were well-known for their ostentatious appearance. The Order was largely Medinaran and its origins could be traced to that southern nation, where social status was often displayed in, some might say, gaudy fashion. A Medinaran courier might easily out-dress a noble from another nation. Ryan decided to play it safe and proceed with formal protocol. One could never be too polite, he hoped.
The Order of Balthas welcomes you to Citadel Warrn. Sir Ryan Gedric, at your disposal, he said with a slight bow. Word has been sent to our Lord Marshal Phaedaan of your arrival. I can see you to his offices, if you wish.
Sir Ryan Gedric of Metessa? the knight inquired.
Yes, Sir, Ryan responded, a bit surprised.
I have heard of you, Sir Ryan. Word of your prowess with a blade has traveled far, the knight said as he tucked the satchel under his arm and began removing his riding gauntlets.
Thank you, Sir, although I am certain such stories are grossly exaggerated, Ryan replied, still bowing, But, if I may say so, you have me at a disadvantage.
Of course. My apologies, the knight replied. I am Sir Eamar Scepios, Wing Leader and Second to Lord Marshal Malthon of the Shield.
Ryans suspicion had been correct but he was still taken aback. For a Wing Leader, second only to the leader of the Order, to be making an unannounced visit could only mean that the message was extremely important or so secret that it couldnt be trusted even to a vetted dispatch rider. Ryan's tension level increase a bit but did his best to hide it.
I am truly sorry that we did not properly prepare for your arrival, Wing Leader. Had we known...
Bah, Eamar interrupted, worthless pomp and ceremony. We are warriors, you and I, no? Fate shows no deference to rank. 
He removed his other gauntlet and tucked them into his belt as he considered Ryan for a moment.
I would have expected a servant or perhaps a guardsman as escort. Is Balthas so blessed in recruiting that they have knights to spare for such duties? he asked with a thinly veiled sarcasm, suddenly breaking into a smile.
I might ask the same of the Shields, sending a Wing Leader to deliver dispatches, Ryan remarked. However, if you think it more appropriate, I could send for a servant to escort you in my stead, he added with a slight smirk. 
It was a calculated risk, answering this higher-ranking knights sarcastic wit with a bit of his own. His instincts told him this man was genuine but if he turned out to be some pompous noble ass, Ryan could have just made a serious breach of etiquette. Not that Ryan personally cared much for etiquette, but Master Phaedaan might have some words to say about it.
Eamar stared at him with a calculating gaze and Ryan began to think he might have gone too far. 
Suddenly, Eamar burst into a bombastic laugh and slapped him on the shoulder.
You, Sir, are as quick in wit as your reputation has you with a blade. Most men would be bowing so far they could taste the dirt on my boots.
Ahh, would that we had more with your mettle, he said. If you should ever find yourself longing for more action, the Shields could certainly make use of a rider with your talent.
Ryan was again taken aback. Eamar could not possibly be serious. To suggest leaving the Order to which hed vowed service was almost scandalous. But there was a seriousness in Eamars eyes despite his facetious tone. Ryan hesitated, unsure of what to say. He did not wish to insult the man.
A truly humbling offer, Sir. However, I have sworn my Oath to Balthas, he said with a slight wince. He had tried to be polite but it still sounded like a rebuke.
Eamar smiled.
Well spoken, Sir. To be truthful, I would have been disappointed had you said otherwise. Loyalty, as they say, is the keystone of honor. 
He looked toward the citadels entrance. 
But these are trying times, no? Alas, I think, in some cases, the old ways are not always the best ways, he said, casting a sidelong glance to Ryan. 
There was a strange tone to that last statement but before Ryan could think too much on it, Eamar turned back to face him and smiled.
Come, I should speak to Phaedaan.
Ryan was more than happy to leave that uncomfortable moment behind and have something practical to do. He motioned toward the large entrance across the courtyard. 
Of course, Sir. If you would head this way, I will see you to the Lord Marshals office.
They crossed the courtyard, which was now becoming a bustle of activity. More than once they had to dodge porters ferrying supplies or runners darting about with messages.
At one point, they were forced to detour around a drake whos left leg had become entangled in a wagon harness that some fool had carelessly left lying about. The miserable beast was attempting to be patient as his rider and crew struggled to extricate him from the mess of leather straps, a process made more difficult since the creature could only balance on one foot by flapping its wings for stability, knocking and blowing about everyone who got too near. It was a comical scene and Ryan shook his head partially out of embarrassment but also to help him stifle a laugh. In any case, the situation was about as well in hand as could be, so he and Eamar continued on to the main gate.
The half-met thick wood and steel main doors had already been opened to allow fresh air to circulate into the main halls. Ancient magic kept the temperature in the citadel comfortable but if there had ever been spells to clean the air they had long since failed, leaving the halls filled with a dusty, almost metallic odor in the upper levels that only got worse as you headed deeper into the complex, where the cool air took on the musty aroma of old damp cloth, straw, and sweat. Attempts by Order mages to repair or add enchantments to the citadel had proven futile as the ancient Elandric defensive wards designed to protect the fortress worked equally well against utility magics, forcing the inhabitants to resort to more mundane solutions.
Ryan led Eamar through the massive reinforced gateway into the main hall. Although Ryan had become accustomed to living in the citadel, the sheer scale of the place still impressed him. The great hall was nearly forty mets wide and proceeded over two hundred mets deep into the mountain. Its vaulted ceiling was nearly fifty mets high, barely visible in the dim light. Between the ribs of the vaulting one could just make out the once brightly painted frescoes depicting humans and dragons fighting side by side in great battles. All were now dulled and cracked by time and covered by layers of dust and cobwebs. 
Along the walls hung enormous tapestries depicting similar scenes as well as flags from a variety of nations, many of which no longer existed. Alcoves spaced along the walls contained displays of arms and armors from noteworthy dragonknights throughout history. All were now covered with dust and suffering neglect as there was no longer anyone available to care for them in a world that was more concerned with those who would be alive tomorrow than with those who had lived in the past. 
The floor consisted of a checkered pattern of enormous white and green marble tiles nearly two mets to a side, neatly fitted together with nearly invisible seams. To the casual observer it looked like any other ornate marble floor but from a higher angle one could make out unusual shapes in the veins of the tiles that resembled arcane writings. These decorative patterns were actually ancient draconic runes sculpted by stone dragon artificers using Elandric magic during the citadels construction. Similar patterns could be discerned throughout the citadels corridors and served as part of the fortress's permanent layer of defensive wards.
Branching away from the main hall were several corridors that led to other areas of the citadel, many of which were no longer in use. While smaller than the main hall, passages were still immense from a human perspective, and their dimly lit recesses gave the place a tomb-like atmosphere.
The overwhelming scale of the fortress was a constant reminder that it had been built to house dragons as well as their human riders. Ryan could almost imagine the great creatures marching through the halls, their thunderous footsteps echoing down now long-forgotten corridors. He imagined that, if you listened hard enough, you could almost hear those footsteps echoing back across the centuries. This place had been built as a fortress but it was also a shrine to a time now lost to modern mankind; a time that would be lost for eternity if the humans did not win this war. There was a subtle sense of quiet sadness here. He tried to drown it out with conversation.
What news of the south? he asked.
Eamar seemed to snap back from deep thoughts of his own.
My apologies, Sir Ryan. Ive not been in one of the great, northern Citadels in some time. It is... humbling, to be sure."
He took a deep breath.
News of the South-- he continued. --not much that is good, Im afraid.
The Shield has, for the most part, been supporting the Coalition army near Weverling. With the Coalition's strongest arcane troops arrayed in the North, the defense of the southern flanks have been left to common troops.
"Though the Imperiums southern gate was destroyed many cycles ago, the remnants of their southern Legions still occasionally raid Medinara from across the sea. We have focused our efforts there, clearing out their magical beasts and the occasional netherdragon. It is relentless work and we lose more trained salamanders and riders than we can replace.
I suppose that when it is done we will redeploy further north to assist in battle against the Shadowdragons main forces.
The Shields strength will be a great asset, Ryan said respectfully.
Eamar's expression seemed to darken.
I must admit that it is a prospect with which I am not wholly comfortable, Eamar said. 
This enchantech employed by the Coalition forces, have you ever seen it? he asked, somewhat uneasily.
Only at some distance," Ryan said. "My understanding is that enchantech is quite effective. Were it not for the Coalition and its magical weapons, the Imperium likely would have conquered Elandis decades ago.
Eamars brow furrowed.
That may be true, he said, but I wonder, sometimes, at what cost. 
As I said before, we have been fighting alongside CAF troops in Weverling. In one battle, Ambrax and I were near one of their battlechannelers when he destroyed several squads of enemy soldiers using one of those magic amplifying devices. Ambrax is, of course, quite accustomed to channeling in battle, but this time he nearly threw me off with his sudden thrashing about. 
At first, I thought hed been injured, but soon realized that he had not been hit. He remained rattled for several minutes afterward and was sluggish to respond.
I am no channeler, but I do know that Salamanders are very sensitive to magic.
Ryan was't really sure what Eamar was getting at.
Perhaps the sudden spell merely startled him, as a loud noise might startle you or I, he suggested.
Perhaps. But there was something... unnatural, about it, Eamar said. Ambrax has attempted to describe it to me but the imagery makes little sense. It is similar to pain but different from when he is injured, Eamar let out a sigh, I worry what might happen to him on a battlefield full of such devices.
Ryan sensed the man's concern, although he had difficulty truly understanding it.
Hed never really given much thought to enchantech. It had become nearly ubiquitous in modern times, working its way into countless civilian and military applications. There were few, if any, humans on Elandis who could claim not to have been affected, in some way, by the wonders of the technomagical age. Indeed, without it, the Coalition could never had held out so long against the Imperium. If there were some evil within it, it seemed a necessary one.
They approached the end of the main hall where it intersected two similar halls around a large, circular intersection like spokes on a giant wheel. At the center, on a high, granite pedestal stood the statue of an elaborately armored knight standing before an immense stone dragon in full battle-dress--a life-size depiction of Sir Anton of Tyraina and his mighty dragon, Thraxamis.
Centuries ago, in the year 107 PA, the combined armies of Ubara and Heregard had laid siege to Citadel Warrn, which was, at that time, protecting the eastern mountain passes to neighboring Thedia. The citadel had few defenders and was filled with refugees fleeing from the war to the West. According to legend, Sir Anton and Thraxamis gave their lives single-handedly holding the attackers at bay in the central courtyard long enough for the small number of remaining knights to fortify the main gates from within. The citadel withstood the siege for several months until bad weather and the threat of a Thedian counterattack forced the attackers to withdraw.
The massive stone and bronze effigy, over thirty mets in height, depicted the knight and dragon in defensive posture, facing defiantly down the hall toward the main gates, forever standing vigil over Warrn's inhabitants.
Eamar stopped and looked up at the colossal icon. Ryan stood silently by, one eye observing the small clusters of workers and knights passing through the hub on their way to various duties and the other on Eamar, watching for any sign that his guest was ready to proceed.
How goes the search for a Wyrmweaver candidate? Eamar asked suddenly, still gazing up at the statue.
Ryan was caught off guard by the sudden change of subject. 
Well enough, I suppose. I mean, as well as can be expected, he said.
I understand. It is not an easy thing, hunting a legend. Eamar said.
Something in his tone struck Ryan as odd. Admittedly, there were some who thought the Wyrmweaver legend nothing more than a myth and the search for candidates a waste of time and resources. Eamar was a Knight of the Shield, one of several Orders actively fighting in the war. It wasn't hard to imagine that he might look at it that way.
Suddenly, his seemingly offhand remark about joining the Shields began to take on a new light. 
Ryan wasn't sure where he stood on legends, but his loyalty to the Order of Balthas was absolute. He would follow Lord Marshal Phaedaan to Gnisis and back, if ordered to, and that was that.
Eamar stepped closer and glanced around, as if to see whether anyone might be listening.
There has been a hatching at Fort Cadrassen, he said quietly.
Ryan hesitated for a moment. A hatching? That is excellent news. How many? he asked, relieved to have the subject changed.
Four--three Reds, and a Gray, Eamar said, but his tone was not what Ryan would expect when speaking of such an occasion. Relatively speaking, Reds and Yellows were fairly common among drakes, but a Gray was a true rarity. 
Genetic aberrations, of a sort, Grays were more magically evolved than the other firedrake breeds. Some scholars believed them to be an evolutionary step toward true wyrms, a sort of missing link between the two species, so to speak. Grays were extremely Vimsensitive and, while still unable to channel like a true wyrm, a Gray possessed an enormous Vim reserve. When bonded to a human channeler, the Gray could open this Vim to his rider like a living magical battery, allowing the channeler to weave extremely powerful spells without personal strain. Gray riders were often trained in the art of combat magic and, when teamed with his drake, such a Warmage was a formidable weapon.
They are healthy? Ryan asked, tentatively.
Oh yes, quite. Unfortunately, we had only three available candidates for the bonding. Of them, only two succeeded, Eamar turned away and looked back up at the statue. We got two Reds.
Ryan understood now. While two additional Reds was not a bad thing, failing to bond the Gray was a terrible loss.
Eamar continued, We just didnt have any qualified channelers. Grays are very selective and will only bond with a talented mage, as you know. It was just unlucky timing, he paused, There is still a chance, however, which is what brings me here.
But these things are best discussed behind closed doors, if you take my meaning. 
It was not phrased like an order but Ryan understood. Rumors flew quickly among soldiers and tended to grow wilder as they spread. Among the more pious dragonknights, the birth of a Gray could be seen as a portent. Such things could significantly boost morale, but if word got out that the beast had to be released for lack of a rider, the effect could be quite the opposite.
Of course, the Lord Marshals office is just down this hall, Ryan said, gesturing to the corridor on the right. 
Then we should be off. The Lord Marshal will no doubt be eager to receive these dispatches, Eamar said, gently tapping the leather satchel under his arm.
With Ryan leading the way, they left the commotion of the main hall behind and headed deeper into the citadel.


FOUR

Morning, 4 Luun, 1396
Citadel Warrn, Western Hall, Administrative Offices

There was only one guard stationed at the doorway to the Lord Marshals office. Phaedaan generally despised having any escorts, or "armored nursemaids, as he liked to call them, and it had taken a great deal of convincing on the part of Wing Leader Vaan Hoss to get even a single guard posted here. As it was, the guards only real job was to weed out visitors with issues too petty for the Lord Marshal to be bothered with. Nevertheless, it was considered a prestigious post by the guards who drew the duty and the Lord Marshal had largely acquiesced on the point simply to avoid hurting morale.
The current guard, named Jasper, if Ryans memory served, snapped to attention and saluted at their approach.
This is Sir Eamar, Wing Leader of the Shield to see the Lord Marshal, Ryan said, gesturing in Sir Eamars direction.
Jasper seemed a bit surprised. 
Sir, the Marshal received word that a courier had arrived, n... not a Wing Leader, he said, a bit flummoxed, Please, give me a moment to announce you.
He bowed slightly then turned to open the door.
Ryan smiled to himself, noting that little Mical had done his duty as asked, surely a knightly quality for one so young.
Ryan and Eamar stayed in the hall while Jasper entered the chamber and closed the door behind him. A muffled conversation could be heard from the room beyond.
Suddenly, the door flew inward to reveal Marshal Phaedaan, himself. Jasper stood behind him, looking thoroughly despondent, apparently believing that hed somehow failed at his duty. Ryan knew that the young man was not at fault. If the Lord Marshal wished to answer the door himself, the whole of the Order could not have persuaded him otherwise.
Somewhat short for a Valdoner, the Lord Marshal nonetheless possessed an impressive bearing. At just under sixty cycles in age, he was no longer in his prime but his body remained lean and strong. Few would dare ride against him and his mighty Red, Luxiom.
Age had carved deep lines into Phaedaans narrow, tanned face and large, dark eyebrows shadowed blue eyes that gleamed with intelligence. He had the prominent nose common to native Valdoners and his long hair and short beard had become more gray than black.
Phaedaan smiled broadly. 
Eamar! Please come in, he said, standing aside to make room. 
Eamar entered and headed for the table, followed by Ryan, who took a place near the door, where he would wait until dismissed. Jasper waited for them to enter then resumed his post outside, pulling the door shut behind him.
The Lord Marshals office was an almost perfect square, nearly twelve mets to a side, and was dominated by a large map table in the center. A smaller, more ornately carved wooden desk and chair sat near the far wall. A closed wooden door behind the desk led to the Marshals personal quarters. Set in the wall to the right was a large fireplace, purely aesthetic, considering the magically maintained temperature within the citadel, but a sensible backup should such magic ever fail. Over the decorative stone mantle hung an elaborate sword and scabbard bearing the silver-wing heraldry of the Order of Balthas and on a stand in the far corner stood Phaedaans well-maintained and highly decorated, leather riding armor.
An open door to the left led to Wing Leader Vaan Hosss office and the knights briefing room. The room was lit by several glowstones hanging from metal stands or wall fastenings. An simple iron chandelier containing four glowstones hung over the central table. Several tapestries hung on the walls between shelves containing all manner of trinkets and odd items collected by the various Lord Marshals of the Order over the centuries. Overall, the room had a warm and welcoming appearance.
Wing Leader Jorg Vaan Hoss stood on the opposite side of the table. A native of Calandra, the Wing Leader was an imposing man at over two mets tall, broad in the shoulders and thick with muscle. His short, spiked hair, neatly-trimmed beard and long mustache were jet-black and his deep-set eyes were dark and intimidating. He was dressed in full riding armor, likely preparing to head out on patrol or training exercises, and wore a simple, yet elegant spell-forged broadsword on his left hip. Vaan Hoss had been Wing Leader for over six cycles and was well respected as both a fighter and tactician. He and his powerful Red, Horvax, had quite a reputation for battle prowess from his campaigning days prior to his promotion to Wing Leader. Ryans own drake, Gantros, had been sired by Horvax, a fact that made Ryan quite proud. 
Sir Ryan, my thanks to you for escorting our honored guest," Phaedaan said. "My embarrassment at not properly preparing for his arrival is somewhat abated by your attention. 
"It is my understanding that you requested watch duty last night. You must be fatigued.
Ryan smiled and shrugged. So says Gantros. He insists that I sleep more.
Phaedaan laughed.
Always trust your drake. They are extremely intuitive. And he is correct, after all. You have my permission to retire. I will have Wing Leader Vaan Hoss serve as Eamars escort in your stead, he said glancing at the two men to make sure there were no objections.
Ryan bowed and turned to leave when Eamar spoke up. 
I would ask that Sir Ryan be allowed to remain, he said, politely. The opinion of your swordmaster is of interest to me.
Phaedaan seemed to consider for just a moment. Not that the request was inappropriate, only a bit unusual. 
Of course. Sir Ryan is among our best," he said. "His insights are always of value to me.
Ryan began to feel a bit uncomfortable at being spoken of as though he werent present. He looked to Wing Leader Vaan Hoss, who nodded his approval. Ryan did not particularly want to stay but neither did he want to insult Sir Eamar by spurning his invitation. He found himself a position near the fireplace and attempted to make himself as inconspicuous as possible while paying close attention should he be suddenly called into the conversation.
Phaedaan headed toward a small table by the wall bearing a pitcher and an assortments of cups and glasses. 
A drink, Eamar? It has been a long flight, Im sure, he said, pouring wine into a silver cup. 
It is a Valdoran vintage. Not so strong as your spirits back home, Im afraid, but we do with what we have, he grinned as he came around the table to offer the vessel to Eamar.
Eamar nodded slightly as he took the cup. 
I bring personal greetings from Lord Marshal Malthon of the Shield, he said and removed the satchel from under his arm, These dispatches detail our efforts in the South.
Phaedaan took the satchel and set it on the map table next to him.
How is your Lord Marshal?" he inquired. "Recovered from his bout of Jangei Fever, I hope. The jungles of Thardas hold many dangers beyond dragons and Imperials.
Indeed," Eamar said. "His condition has greatly improved, all things considered. It has been a difficult few months but he is a tough old dog. 
Not unlike yourself, he added with a grin, holding up his cup before taking a swallow. I will pass your well-wishes on to him. I am sure he will be touched.
Vaan Hoss poured some wine into two glasses, one for himself and one for Ryan, which he carried around the table to him. Ryan accepted with a slight bow and turned his focus back to the conversation.
So, has the southern front grown so quiet that the Shield can spare its Wing Leader to deliver post or is this visit merely an excuse to sample our northern vintages? Phaedaan asked.
Eamar paused as he emptied his drink, looking slightly abashed. He set the cup on the table but did not let go of it right away. 
You are quite correct, of course, he said, I bring a... request on behalf of the Shield. A rather unorthodox one.
Phaedaan walked to his desk, shuffled some papers aside then set his own glass down before turning back to face Eamar. 
Naturally, we will do all we can to assist our southern brothers. What is it you need?
Eamar hesitated, regarding the empty cup he was turning in his hands, perhaps deciding how to proceed. After a moment, he set the cup aside and looked at Phaedaan, his expression serious.
As I am sure you are aware, recruitment for the Orders has been slow; even more so than usual. The Coalition grows more desperate for soldiers every day and they draft younger and younger men into service. We still manage to find a few candidates but they are often well under ten cycles of age and it takes many cycles before they are even ready for bonding, and several more to be competent riders.
I dare not contemplate how many potential knights have been pulled into Coalition service only to be ground up on the front lines without ever even being aware of their potential.
This war is destroying us, Phaedaan. We must do all we can to win it soon lest the bloodlines be lost forever.
Phaedaan nodded slightly as he listened. This was not shocking news. Recruitment had always been a problem for the Dragonknight Orders. Almost anyone could be trained to fight or even to ride but those with true bonding potential were very rare. Each candidate had to be tested individually and even those with the potential had no certainty of successfully bonding when the opportunity arose. 
It was often like finding a needle in a haypile only to find that you had no thread to wind through it. His own Order had only successfully bonded a half-dozen riders in the last five cycles and that was considered quite good. The Order of Balthas had some advantage in that regard as they spent a great deal of time in search of Wyrmweaver candidates, often finding potential knights in the process.
Eamar straightened, There has been a hatching at Cadrassen, among them a Gray.
Phaedaan shot a surprised glance to Vaan Hoss, who returned a similar expression. 
Vaan Hoss raised his glass to Eamar.
Congratulations to you and the Shield, Eamar. A good omen indeed. Sovereigns be praised.
Ryan suppressed a grimace and looked into his drink.
Phaedaan slowly moved to the chair behind his desk and sat down. 
Indeed, this is good news, he said, as if expecting more.
Eamar, sensing Phaedaans unasked question, continued hesitantly. 
Unfortunately, no channelers were available. The Gray remains unbound," he said, followed by a despondent sigh.
Vaan Hoss slowly lowered his glass, shifting his confused gaze from Eamar to Phaedaan and back. Phaedaan simply nodded his head as if it was the answer hed expected.
You have flown far to seek our help, Eamar. What did you hope to find? he asked.
It is understood that Balthas has, in training, a channeler of some repute, Eamar said, regaining his composure.
You mean Nathan, Phaedaan said with a hint of suspicion.
Nathan Faerwether, a name everyone in Citadel Warrn, and indeed the entire Order, was quite familiar with. Ryan did not personally know Nathan very well. Hed seen him around the Citadel on occasion and he seemed a decent enough kid. Rumor had it that he was a son of some obscure Calandran noble who had hereditary ties to ancient channeler bloodlines.
Ryan knew little of magic, and cared even less, but hed heard that Nathan was a powerful channeler, perhaps even on par with the great Magelords of Medinara. Many among the Order were convinced that Nathan would be the next Wyrmweaver and lead the people of Elandis to freedom from the Imperium and restore the ancient ties between humans and dragons. A tall order indeed, even for a legendary hero, and Ryan found the whole notion more than a bit difficult to believe.
Yes, Eamar responded enthusiastically. He has not yet been paired?
Phaedaan looked down at the papers on his desk, Nathan is in training as a Wyrmweaver candidate and, as such, is not permitted to participate in bondings.
Eamar looked a bit surprised. The Sovereigns have affirmed him, then?
They have not, Phaedaan answered flatly.
Eamars expression changed to one of consternation.
I do not understand. If they have rejected his candidacy, then he should be available, should he not? he asked, taking a step forward.
Phaedaan looked up at Eamar.
I did not say that they rejected him. They are, deliberating, he said sternly, stopping Eamar short.
Deliberating? Eamars brow furrowed. With all respect, Lord Marshal, the Sovereigns are nearly immortal. Their concept of deliberation could last cycles. We must act now if we wish to secure this Gray.
Eamar took a breath to calm himself and bowed respectfully.
The Shield humbly requests that you permit Nathan to attempt the bonding. If we leave immediately, there is still time. 
Phaedaan eyed Eamar suspiciously. For the glory of the Shield?
Eamar glanced up. For the war effort, he said. If rumors of Nathans talents are true, he would make a extraordinary Warmage. It is an opportunity we dare not miss.
And what is one Warmage compared to a Wyrmweaver? Phaedaan said. His demeanor was calm but there was an intensity in his eyes.
Eamar began to speak but stopped, not really able to argue the point. 
Ryan was confused.
But Lord Marshal, he blurted out before realizing that hed said anything. Phaedaan was always lecturing Ryan about looking ahead, of seeing the greater picture of things. Ryan was the impetuous type, always jumping in before thinking and now hed done it again. He looked up to see that everyone in the room was staring at him, waiting for him to continue. Eamar looked at him with an expectant expression.
Phaedaan eyed Ryan questioningly.
Sir Ryan, you have thoughts on this matter?
It was an earnest question but to Ryan it was a challenge. He set his glass on the table. 
It simply occurred to me, Lord Marshal, that there is nothing to lose in letting Nathan attempt to bond the Gray. Should the bonding fail, which is surely possible, he would still be a viable Wyrmweaver candidate. 
Ryan had to force out the last part. But should he succeed, a Warmage would serve well in the fight against the Imperium. And the Sovereigns could still choose to accept him at a later time. 
Better to take the surer bet, I think. As you and Wing Leader Eamar have both made clear, weve little choice in the way of potentials. Beggars, as they say, cannot be choosers.
Pheadaans expression was unreadable. Vaan Hoss nodded to himself but said nothing. Eamar looked from Ryan to Phaedaan with a slight smile.
Ryan suddenly realized why Eamar had wanted him here. He felt a bit ashamed that hed fallen for it so easily. Nevertheless, the point was true, as he saw it, and, whatever the consequences, hed taken his stance. Once you decide to engage, do not let your eyes stray from the target, he thought.
Phaedaan nodded slowly.
A most pragmatic view and the one I would expect from you, Sir Ryan. Your opinion is noted and appreciated. However, you must understand that it is not the fear that Nathan may fail to bond the gray that worries me, but rather that he will succeed. 
Eamars mouth twisted and he let out a disappointed sigh.
Phaedaan continued in a lectural tone.
If Nathan were to be bonded to this Gray, he cannot become a Wyrmweaver. No knight bonded to a drake has ever been chosen, regardless of his or her potential. The Sovereigns do not explain the how or why of it. It merely IS.
I admire your faith, Phaedaan, but be reasonable. Eamar pressed, We have been fighting the Imperium for fifty cycles. What have the Sovereigns done in all that time? Deliberate? How many hopefuls has your Order found in the last cycle? Decade? Century?" 
He struck the desktop with his fingertips for emphasis, Eight hundred cycles and the Sovereigns have not accepted one? Have humans fallen so far from grace that not one among us is worthy in their eyes?
Eamar stepped back away from the desk, If the Sovereigns will not help us we must see to our own fate, he said, clenching his fist. Please, Phaedaan, you must see this.
NO!, Phaedaan shouted, slamming the table as he stood. He paused, looking down for a moment, then continued in a calmer tone. You speak of opportunity. We stand on the brink of what may be the greatest of all possible opportunities. 
You are correct, no human has bonded with a great Wyrm for over eight centuries. We Dragonknights have become but a pale shadow of the greatness of our forebears.
"But a Wyrmweaver could reforge the bonds between mankind and the Sovereigns... reseal those pacts that were broken long ago. A Wyrmweaver might even END this war. 
Phaedaan calmed himself before continuing.
It is not that I am blind to your situation. A Warmage to bond with the Gray would be a great asset. 
"But this is not the way, he said, shaking his head.
He turned away to face a large tapestry hanging on the wall behind his desk. The image depicted a single warrior, presumably one of the four Wyrmweavers of history, blasting away with powerful magic at an army that stretched beyond sight. 
Ryan had always thought the image a bit exaggerated, more an artist's heroic interpretation than a historical depiction.
Eamar stood silently watching Phaedaan. His bellicose demeanor was undiminished, but he seemed unwilling to launch arguments at his opponents back.
Phaedaan continued, studying the tapestry as he spoke.
Nathan is the most likely candidate our Order has ever found. His lineage traces back for generations to Sir Hector of Galeaat himself, the last Wyrmweaver, and he is a powerful natural channeler. 
We have trained him for this task since he learned to walk. He has passed every test thus far. If there is even the slightest possibility of him fulfilling the Wyrmweaver prophecy, we are obligated to support it, as is our mandate. You are asking me to throw away that possibility. I am sorry, my friend, but this is something I cannot do.
There was a long pause as Phaedaan waited for Eamar to accept the finality of his last statement. He finally turned around.
I will pen a personal letter of apology to Lord Marshal Malthon and explain to him my reasoning.
Eamar looked at the floor and began chuckling to himself. Phaedaan watched him with a studious expression.
Eamars chuckling broke into a full laugh. Ryan and Vaan Hoss both looked at him incredulously. Had the man snapped?
Eamar's laugh diminished to a slight chuckle. He shook his head. Very kind of you, but it is not necessary. It would seem that Lord Marshal Malthon knows you too well, Phaedaan, he said with a smile. He advised me that I was wasting my time in coming here. 
His expression turned thoughtful.
Though I think he might be loathe to admit it, he too believes in your quest and would gladly give up the Gray for a chance to see the prophecy fulfilled. 
Naturally, As Wing Leader, I felt it my duty to serve the Shields by adding a Gray to their ranks. I meant no offense in pressing the matter. It is only that my passion runs deep in this regard.
Phaedaan walked around the desk and put his hand on Eamars shoulder.
Of course, my friend, as would I were I in your position. We each have our duties. It gladdens me to know that The Shields have a Wing Leader of such dedication.
"Please, stay as our guest. Perhaps over evening meal we can discuss matters less dramatic. My knights would surely be enthralled to hear of our brothers exploits in the south.
Eamar shook his head.
I am afraid I must be off straight away to return this news. We have riders dispatched to the other Orders as well. Perhaps they will have better luck. 
Phaedaan looked disappointed nodded his head in understanding.
Of course.
Eamars face took on a less serious tone.
Besides, my Second has probably stripped his head bald in frustration trying to coordinate with the Coalition Army. I should return to rescue him, though I am most tempted to take my time, he laughed. Do you have dispatches you wish me to deliver?
Phaedaan went to his desk and retrieved a bundle of envelopes containing official reports and personal mail that had accumulated over the many weeks since the last courier had departed. He put them into the satchel that Vaan Hoss had already emptied and handed it to Eamar.
Thank you, Eamar. I wish we would have had more time to talk.
As do I, and under better circumstances as well, Eamar replied, tucking the satchel under one arm.
Indeed, Phaedaan said sadly. Come, I will see you to your mount, he said, gesturing toward the door.
Eamar bowed slightly.
Very generous of you, Lord Marshal, but I have already taken too much of your time. Sir Ryan saw me in. It would be proper if he saw me out.
Phaedaan seemed puzzled at first then smiled. 
Of course.
He looked at Ryan, who had resumed his attentive pose by the fireplace since his earlier outburst.
Sir Ryan, please see Sir Eamar to the landing field and assure that he is properly provisioned for his journey home.
Ryan bowed stiffly.
Of course, Lord Marshal. It would be my honor. 
He proceeded to the door and opened it, waiting there as Eamar walked out to the hall. Ryan gave a quick final bow each to Marshal Phaedaan and Wing Leader Vaan Hoss before backing out of the room and closing the door.
The men walked in silence as Ryan escorted Eamar back to the front entrance of the citadel. When they reached the massive outer doors, Eamar paused for a moment, allowing his eyes to adjust to the sunlight, then continued toward the field, where Ambrax was already waiting. 
The enormous Yellow was resting near the edge of the field watching the hustle and bustle of the ground crew as they helped harness three of Balthass drakes, including Vann Hosss Red, Horvax, which Ambrax seemed to eye more conspicuously than the other, smaller, drakes.
While the drakes were well trained, it was difficult to overcome their instinctive urge to compete for dominance. Ambrax would be well-aware that this was Horvaxs territory, and while the two were unlikely to physically fight, a conflict of wills was no doubt taking place. Horvax, possessing home field advantage, seemed entirely disinterested, but the other, less experienced, drakes were skittish in the presence of two powerful alphas and their riders had to take extra care to keep them calm.
I fear that I may have gotten you in some trouble, Eamar said suddenly. If so, I am sorry.
With the Lord Marhal? Ryan inquired.
Yes, Eamar said. Your voice of support was appreciated. I hope it does not cause... repercussions.
Think not of it, Ryan said with a smile. Marshal Phaedaan and I have flown circles over many topics in the past and it will not be the last. Of that, I am sure.
Ambrax perked up at their approach, perhaps sensing his riders eagerness to be off. Eamar first secured the satchel in the saddlebags and then began inspecting the harnesses and armor straps.
Your Lord Marshal... is not a very practical man, Eamar said as he adjusted some tackle that was not fit to his liking.
He is a man of great conviction, Ryan said politely.
Eamar paused and looked at Ryan seriously. And what of you, Sir Ryan? Do you share this conviction?
Ryan frowned in thought.
Eamar returned to his inspection.
I apologize. It was an inappropriate question. A mans faith is his own domain.
There was no offense, Ryan said. In truth, it is a question I have struggled with for some time.
"But I trust Marshal Phaedaan. He has great faith in the Wyrmweavers role in the future of Elandis.
It was a vague answer but as close to the truth as Ryan could manage.
 Ambrax hunched his massive body low to the ground and Eamar climbed up into the saddle and attached the safety harnesses to his boots and leg armor. 
Then let us hope that his faith is not misplaced, Eamar said, but there was little certitude in his voice.
Eamar patted Ambrax on the side of the neck and, with the sound of creaking leather and rattling chainmail, the great beast stood up and flexed its wings several times to test the fitting of the harnesses, forcing Ryan to retreat a few paces.
Eamar pulled on his helmet and secured the strap under his chin. He grabbed his scarf but hesitated before pulling it over his face. He looked down at Ryan. 
Consider my offer, Sir Ryan. The Shields would welcome you.
Before Ryan could respond, Ambrax gave a roar and leaped into the air and, with several powerful wingstrokes, the pair were aloft and on their way. Ryan watched as they circled over the courtyard a few times to gain altitude then passed out of view over the southwest wall.


FIVE

Evening, 4 Luun, 1396
Citadel Warrn, Courtyard

Watch your feet, little groundling! Liane joked as she lashed out with her blade in a flurry of low jabs. Ryan backed up and twisted to his left, deflecting the attacks with his own blade, then returned with a series of high, downward strikes--hard enough that Liane was forced to parry with a two-handed grip.
Good, Ryan said, but your left side is open. Youre reaching too far.
Liane backpedaled a few steps and reset her stance. She was tense; perhaps a bit too focused. 
Ryan eased his posture and adjusted the neck of his thick, leather, training jerkin to release a bit of the heat trapped within. Liane was getting quite good and training with her was always a decent workout. 
Still, there was always room for improvement.
Relax, he said. Stay loose. Let the blade guide itself, dont fight it."
Liane rolled her eyes.
Im not some sop-eared squire, Ryan, she smiled, launching into a fresh volley of attacks.
No, he said with a grin as he parried the strikes, that you arent.
The orange glow of the evening sun cast long shadows across the courtyard as the two danced about the training ground. The ringing of their blades echoed off the stone walls, competing with the peal of hammers from the forges across the yard, where Master Hammond worked his crew to the very last of the days light.
Leaning on the fence surrounding the sparring ground, two other knights quietly watched the match with interest: Sir Rekhard, whose graying hair and beard betrayed his many cycles of experience and the younger, dark haired Sir Evan, who had been Rekhards squire until being recently raised to knighthood himself.
Evans young drake, Ravenger, was a rare Eastern Banded Yellow, so named for their bold, striped wing patterns. His merchant caste family was very wealthy but Evan bore a humility that bordered on introversion. A consummate professional, he trained hard and did everything precisely as a dragonknight should. A little stiff, perhaps, but he was a good knight and a good man.
The two had just returned from maneuvers and could not resist stopping to watch Warrns master swordsman give a lesson. Ryan noted that Sir Evan spent most of his time watching Liane.
Ryan spun right and blocked a high strike, aiming again for Lianes exposed left with a long stroke. She intercepted the attack, entwining his blade in an attempt to disarm him. Clever girl, leaving the fake opening, but Ryan was more experienced. He loosened his wrist, allowing his sword to flow with the maneuver, bringing the blade out of the spiraling dance in perfect position for a head-level swipe that forced Liane to lunge back. She staggered a bit, quickly regained her balance and shot Ryan a displeased look. Ryan cocked his head innocently and smiled as he settled back into his stance.
Liane narrowed her eyes and pursed her lips as she considered her next strategy. She reversed her stance, switching to a one-hand grip and held up the peltat on her left arm. Ryan nodded, choosing to remain with his single weapon style for the time being.
Based upon the small Medinaran dueling shield of the same name, the peltat was a reinforced leather bracer that covered the user's lower arm. Traditional peltats had steel reinforcement covering the hand and arm and were used for parrying in the highly formal dueling style. The modern version had been adapted for general combat. 
Liane activated the schema of the peltat and the air rippled around her fist and forearm as a buckler-sized zone of magical force coalesced around it. She skipped forward, keeping her body turned sideways and staying light on her feet. Leading with the shield, she skillfully redirected Ryans short strikes as she tried to create an opening.
Ryan moved in an arc around her, probing her defense. Allowing his instincts to take over, his thoughts drifted back to the days earlier events.
Sir Eamars words on the landing field had certainly struck a chord in him. Ryan did, on occasion, have doubts about his Orders mission, though he would never let that interfere with his duty. Had Eamars casual suggestion that the Shield might be better suited for him been merely coincidental or were his misgivings that obvious, even to a total stranger?
Ryan's childhood in Valdon had been inundated with religious doctrine. The tenets of the Seven were imbued into nearly every facet of Valdoner society. It was taught that there were no coincidences; it was the will of the gods that wove the tapestry of a persons life. Ryans experience had made him question such things. Still, he occasionally found himself in doubt, a condition that, as a warrior, he found particulary uncomfortable. Right now, he found himself doubting a great many things.
Lianes blade came uncomfortably close to Ryans ear as he parried another high strike aimed for the joint between his neck and shoulder armor. Swinging up from below, he aimed for the gap below her right arm but she sensed the move and twisted aside, allowing her armor to deflect the attack.
She spun around and swung low with the peltat, knocking Ryans low strike aside and following through with a mid strike that snagged a bit of Ryans jerkin along his ribs. Ryan sidestepped and threw out a weak, defensive jab that forced Liane to back up and parry as she reset, gaining him a short reprieve from her relentless close-range attacks.
Phaedaans refusal to release Nathan for bonding to the Gray had been disappointing, but hardly surprising. The Order's primary purpose was finding and training Wyrmweaver candidates and the Lord Marshal was supremely dedicated to that task, sometimes to the notable expense of others.
Ryan trusted Phaedaans wisdom, but he could not help but lament the loss of a potential weapon that could have been put to use in the war almost immediately. Unfortunately, it really didnt matter anymore. Regardless of Ryans opinion, the decision had been made and Eamar was gone, so that was that.
Ryan stepped to his right as Liane lunged in for a long stroke. He struck downward but she intercepted the blow with the peltat. In an impressive show of flexibility, she twisted out from under his blade and spun away, taking a passing strike at his midsection that forced him to retreat a few steps. Liane followed up her temporary advantage with a flurry of short mid-level strikes that failed to break Ryans defense.
Undeterred, she backed up and reset her stance with the peltat in front and her weapon laid over it, eyeing Ryan cooly.
Perched atop the wall above, Gantros and Febrene soaked up the waning rays of the sun to help them digest their evening meal. They watched their riders mock battle below like parents might watch their children frolic about a playground; observant, but with little concern.
Perhaps inspired by Liane's enthusiasm, Febrene nipped playfully at Gantros neck. The older drake eyed her warily for a moment before returning with a nip of his own, which sparked a short, frisky pecking game that ended with Gantros pinning Febrenes head below his chin, a demonstration of dominance that she didnt particularly seem to mind.
A rapid clash of steel and a surprised cry from below drew the drakes attention back to the courtyard.
Liane stood over Ryan, who was lying on the ground, his sword resting several mets away. Lianes initial expression of surprise and concern quickly turned to one of annoyance.
I told you to watch your feet, she scoffed as she sheathed her weapon and deactivated the peltat. Its like youre not even paying attention.
Ryan groaned as he sat up and looked around, trying to figure out what had just happened.
Sir Rekhard chuckled. Best not be showing that one all of your tricks, Ryan, he said with a smile. She may take your place.
He patted Sir Evans shoulder and nodded toward the citadel entrance.
Come, we should discuss those new formations before this old man has to retire for the night.
As they began to depart, he motioned to Liane.
An excellent match, Dame Liane.
Liane bowed to Sir Rekhard.
You are too kind, Sir Rekhard. It was certainly no more than luck.
Ryan noted Sir Evans gaze lingering on Liane for just a moment before he turned, somewhat sullenly, to follow Sir Rekhard inside. Liane did not seem to notice as she offered her hand to help Ryan to his feet.
They set their weapons against the fence and removed the training jerkins, placing them on wooden stands near the field where they could dry out a bit.
Liane fluffed her shirt where perspiration had made it cling to her body.
I need some air, she said. Join me on the wall? she smiled.
Ryan had to admit that he could use a breather himself.
Sure, he replied and the two set off for the south wall, which offered a cool breeze and a pleasant view of the impending sunset.
***
They walked up one of the narrow stairways that led to the southern battlements. The sun's final rays were now barely poking over the horizon, illuminating the snowcapped mountaintops, giving them the impression of being on fire. The rapidly darkening sky was already beginning to fill with stars.
They were about halfway up the stairs when Liane broke the silence.
So what just happened? she asked, accusingly.
Ryan hesitated at the sudden, but hardly unexpected, question. Lacking what he considered a decent answer, he decided to play dumb. Liane paused and looked back when Ryan did not immediately respond. He gave her a confused look.
The match she said, Youve never fallen for that maneuver before.
Ryan rubbed his hand through his hair and shrugged.
Maybe youre just getting that much better, he suggested with a smile, wincing internally at the lame remark.
Liane obviously wasnt buying it either, judging by her annoyed expression. 
Its like your mind is somewhere else, she said as she turned and continued up the stairs.
She reached the top and spun around to face him, slowly walking backward to stay ahead of him as he topped the stairs behind her.
You havent been sleeping, she said. I know that youve been having bad dreams.
Ryan eyed her suspiciously.
Oh? And how could you possibly KNOW that? Do you possess some secret magic that allows you to spy into my head?
No, she smiled conspiratorially, but Gantros does.
Ryan understood now. Gantros must have relayed his concerns to Febrene, who, in turn, informed Liane. Ryan wasnt sure whether to feel betrayed or grateful.
Ahh, I see. Been keeping tabs on me? he asked playfully.
Liane stopped and crossed her arms.
If, by that, you mean being concerned about you, then yes. 
She sounded a little annoyed at his mockery of what she obviously thought was a serious topic. But then women tended to think that EVERY topic was serious.
Ryan stopped and looked at her, feeling a bit sheepish. Im sorry.
What IS wrong, Ryan? she pressed, concerned lines creasing her youthful face.
Ryan scratched his head in frustration. Hed been searching for that very answer himself for days.
Nothing. Everything. I dont know, he sighed. Just a feeling.
She narrowed her eyes at his cryptic response.
Warriors instinct? she asked.
Maybe Ryan said, looking over the battlement at the distant mountains.
Liane walked over and sat in one of the embrasures between the large stone merlons. She leaned her back against one side and pulled her feet up, bracing them against the other. With her arms crossed over her knees, she looked out over the deep mountain valley at the setting sun. Its warm glow illuminated her face.
Ryan walked over and leaned his back against the merlon by her feet. He crossed his arms and looked down at the worn stones, trying to clear his thoughts.
What are they about--your dreams? Liane asked, peeking around the merlon to look at him.
Liane 
Please tell me, she said.
Ryan frowned then took a deep breath as he leaned his head back against the stone.
Battles, for the most part," he said.
Liane nodded slightly. Ryan had seen his share of battle over the cycles. Such horrors were often hard to forget, especially in your dreams. But she sensed that there was more. She waited patiently for him to continue.
It took a few moments, but finally Ryan took a breath and started to speak.
And he started but trailed off.
And? she gently urged.
Ryan glanced at her and weighed whether or not to continue. She was a person of faith and he was unsure how she might react, although he had a fairly good suspicion. It was too late anyway. Hed already hinted at more and now she would hound him until he revealed all. Maybe thats what hed wanted in the first place.
I dreamt about the Sovereigns, he said.
Lianes eyes shot wide open. She twisted around and leaned forward out of the embrasure, staring at him in amazement.
The Sovereigns?! Youve seen them?
Her excitement was palpable.
Ryan shook his head. No. Thats just it. Ive never even been to the Assemblage. But somehow, I know its them.
Liane thought for a moment.
This could be an omen, she said. You should tell Father Avers about this and see what he thinks.
No! Ryan blurted out. You know that I dont believe in visions and portents and all that.
Ill not become the subject of some religious debate.
Liane made a face.
Fine, she said, but her tone was anything but conciliatory. But a sign is a sign, whether or not YOU choose to accept it.
Very few humans are permitted to actually see the Sovereigns, Ryan. This dream may be a calling, and THAT is something you should not ignore.
Ryan did not answer.
Liane sighed and pulled her feet back up into the embrasure, resting her arms back across her knees.
In any case, she said, you cannot stay awake forever. You should try some lavender tea. It may calm your mind.
Ryan grimaced. He hated tea. The only way he could force it down was to steep it in absurd amounts of honey, and even then it made him gag if he drank it too slowly. He knew that Liane was only trying to help and maybe, just maybe, it would work.
Ill have to try that, he said, forcing a smile.
She knew better, of course, but smiled anyway.
For a few minutes they just relaxed in silence, taking in the beauty of the sunset. A guard came along, added some wood to a nearby brazier and stoked the coals until it took to flame. As he worked, he glanced several times in Ryan and Lianes direction. Ryan gave the man a quick nod. The guard saluted and moved on about his rounds, throwing Ryan a knowing smile as he departed. 
Ryan briefly wondered what sorts of rumors might be circulating amongst the staff regarding himself and Liane. The citadel guards were good, disciplined soldiers, but they were soldiers nonetheless, with all the paucity of tact that tended to come with it. No matter. Ryan cared little for gossip. Let them think what they may.
So, you never told me what Sir Eamars visit was about, Liane said suddenly. Rumor is that you were privy to a private meeting with the Lord Marshal and both wing leaders.
Lianes conversational habits mirrored her fighting style, soft and deceptive then aiming straight to the point of weakness. Ryan wondered if it was a trait instinctive to women or a practiced skill. He saw little harm in telling her the truth.
Nothing of true consequence, he said with a sigh. Sir Eamar came to inquire about Nathan.
Liane swiveled around, dropping her feet to the battlement and leaning forward.
The Wyrmweaver candidate? she asked excitedly. Has there been some word from the Deliberative?
Ryan frowned. Well, maybe not all of the truth.
No. There has been a hatching. Sir Eamar came in search of bonding candidates, that is all.
Liane didnt seem totally convinced. But why ask of Nathan? His candidacy in no secret. He would be ineligible for bonding.
Shards. Ryan should have known that Liane, of all people, would be aware of that. She was about as versed in Wyrmweaver lore as anyone. She probably knew the Oraculum better than the Master Archivist.
Ryan glanced at her. She eyed him eagerly, obviously expecting an answer. Ryan was hesitant to mention the Gray, wondering how the pious girl would take the news. But there was little chance that she would drop the matter now.
One of the drakes was a Gray. Sir Eamar hoped to find a warmage for the pairing.
But Master Phaedaan refused. she said, her voice hinting of concern; not quite the reaction that Ryan had expected.
He did, Ryan confirmed, noting that she seemed to relax a bit.
You do not think that a warmage bonded to a Gray would be a benefit? he asked.
Oh, its not that, she said quickly, then hesitated. Its just that, well Nathan she struggled to find the words.
Seems to fit the requirements of the prophecy? Ryan suggested.
Yes, she said, looking up at him.
Ryan shifted around to face her with his arms crossed, leaning his shoulder against the merlon.
You really believe Nathan will be the Wyrmweaver?
She looked down, tapping the backs of her heels against the stone.
I dont know, she sighed. But hes the best candidate weve ever found. We cant lose him not even for a Gray.
She looked back up at Ryan and he could see the conviction in her face.
We NEED a Wyrmweaver, Ryan, she said. Its the only way to end the war.
Ryan cocked his head. But suppose that it IS just a myth.
It CANT be! she shouted. They HAVE existed. Theres historical proof.
Ryan almost started to argue but held his tongue. He took a deep breath, leaning back against the merlon and looking up at the increasingly star-filled sky.
A part of him really did want to believe her. He was just such a natural skeptic, always questioning what others took as fact, particularly in matters of faith. 
That, and his tendency to speak before thinking, had often drug him into circular and ultimately pointless debates. It was a tendency that hed endeavored to suppress since joining the Order and he found himself fighting that internal struggle now. He could almost feel the weight of Lianes expectant stare as she waited for his retort.
What bothered him was that, while there may be historical evidence that Wyrmweavers had existed, the evidence could easily have been misinterpreted. Such was often the case with legends, which tended to gain a certain life of their own the further one was removed from the perceptions of the people who first recorded them.
Of course, from what Ryan had heard, the dragons of the Deliberative seemed to support the notion that Wyrmweavers were real, or at least played the part of going along with it. Ryan had no particular reason NOT to trust them, insofar as one could trust dragons and their, often incomprehensible, motives.
Still, there was the fact that, despite being presented with many seemingly appropriate candidates, the elder dragons had never chosen one, at least not for a very long time. Nor had they divulged any real reason for their refusals, hiding behind their enigmatic and cryptic reputation for wisdom. 
Ryan could not help but wonder why. Was it as Eamar said--that humans were simply not worthy anymore? If so, why bother going through the motions at all? Why was the Order of Balthas scouring the world for something that existed only in storybooks and depicted in tapestries? Faith?
Liane stood up and turned around, leaning forward with her hands on the merlons and looking out at the horizon. A breeze stirred her short, brown hair and she closed her eyes, basking in its cool embrace. Ryan imagined Liane probably felt the hand of the divine in such things, whereas someone such as himself would likely not even notice, beyond, perhaps, snugging up his collar to ward off the chill. He marveled at her optimism and sense of peace. She was calm, clear water compared to his gray and storm-tossed sea.
Do you know why I train so hard? she asked.
Ryan had always assumed that the petite girl thought she had something to prove to the other knights. The thought was absurd, of course, since shed more than earned their respect. Self-confidence had never been one of her shortcomings yet she possessed a charming humility. He turned back to face her, waiting for her to continue.
I want to be a questing knight, she said.
"Can you imagine--actually being there when the Wyrmweaver is found?
She looked at him, her expression serious.
I dont want to just fly patrols and train forever, she said. I want to follow the Wyrmweaver--to do my part and take the war to the Imperium and drive them off of Elandis for good.
Ryan tried to see it from her perspective. He remembered his more youthful days, dreaming of the glory of being a dragonknight; of riding off to battle and glory. He remembered the feeling of giddiness when hed seen the riders arrive in Metessa all those cycles ago. Theyd been just like in the stories--their drakes sheathed in blackened chain emblazoned with the bright silver standard of the Order of Balthas. Hed been absolutely enthralled. 
Cycles of training had not lessened that ideal. It took his first experience with real war to do that. Watching a good friend get cut from the saddle by a netherdragons sword, seeing soldiers immolated on the battlefield, the look of shock on a young mans face as Ryan drove his blade through the mans chest, feeling the shudder of an opponents final sucking breaths through the hilt of his sword. Ryan had no more illusions about the nature of war. Duty drove him to serve, but there was no glory in it. Not anymore.
Ryan unexpectedly envisioned Lianes broken body laying on the battlefield. The notion hit him like a punch in the gut. He tried to drive the image away, but it refused to vanish.
That only happens in stories, Liane. War is not like that, he whispered, staring down at the ground.
She did not seem to hear him, or chose not to acknowledge it.
We could be wingmates! she said excitedly. Gantros and Febrene get along well, and Ive learned so much from you.
"With a bit more practice
Liane Ryan said quietly.
In his efforts to dismiss the painful vision, he didnt notice her approach until he saw her feet on the ground in front of him.
He glanced up, and was slightly surprised to see how close she was. She looked up at him with a gentle smile. Her brown eyes seemed to shine in the darkness, or was it just a trick reflection of the nearby brazier?
She admired him. He knew that. He also knew that it was most likely just youthful infatuation spawned by cycles of working together at training and a shared interest in swordplay. Still, a part of Ryan fancied her as well. She was young and attractive, in her tomboyish way, and her enthusiasm gave her a natural allure that was hard to resist.
But, while certainly mature for her age, Liane was still young and naive. A girl like that could fall in love easily and for all the wrong reasons. It would be improper of Ryan to take advantage of that. She was a good friend and a trusted companion. Did he really want to risk that over what would likely amount to little more than a tryst? 
Was that even the real reason or was it just a convenient excuse?
He had no desire to hurt her though, in any case. Perhaps there were other options.
What about Sir Evan? he offered. It stung Ryan a bit to have to push her away but the reality was that Sir Evan WAS closer to her age and was a good knight, probably the sort of man that would do anything for her.
Sir Evan?
She backed off a bit, slightly confused by the deflection.
He fancies you, I think, Ryan said with a smile, surprised to find that it was genuine.
Liane looked away.
He does, she said, turning away and folding her arms. She sighed as she looked out over the courtyard. But hes just so, I dont know, stoic.
Ryan chuckled, drawing a confused look from her.
That kind of man is dependable, he said. Its the reckless ones you have to worry about.
Like you?
Ryan frowned, realizing that his argument had not had the intended effect.
Liane shot him an accusing look.
Or are you saying that you dont fancy me? She tried to make it sound like a jest, but it was a trap.
Of course Ryan began to say, not wanting to hurt her feelings. And it was the truth, albeit an inconvenient one. But
I want excitement! she blurted out wistfully before he could qualify his answer. Dependable is okay, but its boring.
Ryan had nothing to say to that. She was too young to grasp his point of view.
She turned back toward him and took several steps forward, hesitating slightly as she got within arms reach. Her expression wavered, as though she were fighting some internal conflict. Ryans instinct was to retreat but he was trapped against the stone merlon. Liane took a deep breath and mustered her courage. She stepped forward up onto her toes, put her hands against his chest, closed her eyes and pressed her lips to his.
Ryans heart raced. He could feel her trembling just barely over the pounding in his own chest. He put his hands on her shoulders, intending to push her away but he couldnt. He ran his hands down her back, feeling her small, toned frame beneath her blouse. She pressed in tighter and Ryans hands continued downward, resting on the taut muscles of her backside. Emotions raged in him. His sense of control was wavering.
Intimacy between knights was certainly allowed, even encouraged to a degree. Such relationships often bore children of high bonding potential.
But THIS was wrong somehow. Ryan didnt know why and a certain part of him didnt want to believe it. But it was true. He shouldnt do this--couldnt do this.
He moved his hands back to her shoulders and gently pushed. She resisted. He almost gave in but with a final burst of resolve he managed to separate her from him.
Liane opened her eyes and stared at him, her expression a mixture of confusion and disappointment. As realization set in, she put her hand to her lips as she backed up a step.  Then, biting her lower lip, she looked away, obviously embarassed.
Ryan opened his mouth to speak but couldnt find the right words.
Liane spun away and stared off across the courtyard with her arms pulled tightly around her.
Liane Ryan began.
I should go, she interrupted, swallowing hard. I have patrol duty in the morning.
The way she said it made it sound more like purgatory. Without looking back, she walked quickly toward the door of the nearby tower. She fumbled with the handle nervously before finally pushing the door open and quickly retreating inside.
Febrene and Gantros had been watching the exchange with some interest. Febrene suddenly snapped to alert at her riders distress. She looked at Gantros, threw him a dismissive snort, then dove from the wall and flew toward the entrance to the lower billets, leaving him appearing a bit confused at what his role had been in the whole affair.
Ryan watched Febrene fly off, then leaned his head back against the stone.
Shards! Why did that have to happen? It hadnt been his fault, had it? Hed tried to warn Liane away, hadnt he?
So why did he feel so damn guilty? Was it because hed hurt her feelings or was it because he was too much of a coward to just do what any reasonable man would have done and indulge in the young womans advance? He ran his hand through his hair and groaned in frustration. No, hed done the right thing. He had to believe that.
She was strong, and she would be fine eventually.
But what about him?
It was the correct thing to do. Gantros said.
Was it? Ryan sighed. He wasnt so sure.
She will understand in time. And your companionship will be the stronger for it. 
A wave of reassurance washed through the bond. Ryan could not help but crack a smile, even if it was a weak one.
The bond with Gantros was certainly no substitute for physical intimacy but the emotional support was remarkable. He wondered how hed lived without it before. It was little wonder that knights who lost their drakes in battle would usually suffer severe depression or complete mental breakdowns. It was difficult to imagine a more painful loss. Ryan supposed that Febrene was likely consoling Liane in a similar fashion, which made him feel somewhat better.
Then again, Ryans experience with women was that when spurned by a man they tended to gather their friends in a collective hate campaign against the offending fellow, whether or not he truly deserved it. Would Liane and Febrene be plotting against him in a similar manner? The thought was discomforting, and Gantros apparent amusement at it didnt help either.
Ryan shook his head. What cosmic power had he offended to bring himself these troubles of late?
He headed down the stairs to the courtyard, deliberately avoiding the shorter path to the barracks that Liane had taken. It took him a full fifteen minutes to navigate down to the lower level via the main entrance. Liane should have been back to her room by now.
For a brief moment, Ryan considered going there to apologize but quickly dismissed the notion. He knew enough to know that was a bad idea. It wasn't like she was completely alone, anyway. Febrene would not rest until she knew that Liane was comfortably asleep.
 By the Sovereigns, Ryan was tired. As he opened the door to his quarters, the large glowstone on the table by the door detected the movement, triggering its magic and bathing the room in a pale bluish-white light.
Ryan removed his sword belt and hung it on the armor stand, then pried off his boots and set them nearby. He washed cool water over his face from the basin in the lavatory then ambled over to the bed, falling hard into it. He lay there staring at the ceiling, wondering what dreams the days events might spawn.
After nearly twenty minutes without detecting movement, the glowstone slowly faded, shrouding the room in total darkness.
It was still some time before Ryan finally fell asleep.


SIX

Night, 4 Luun, 1396
Citadel Warrn, Central Valdon

Ryan woke with a start, instinctively drawing his dagger from beneath the pillow. What had awakened him? How long had he been asleep? His headache was still slightly present so he guessed that it hadnt been long. It was impossible to know the time as it was always dark in bowels of the citadel. 
He focused his senses on the darkness. There was nothing but the mind numbing quiet of the underground.
Reaching to the stand beside the bed, he grabbed the glowstone resting there and gave it a quick rub. The action triggered the stone's magic and it began to emit a pale blue light that slowly banished the shadows from the room. Ryan glanced around. He was alone.
He took a breath and tried to relax. What had gotten into him? Caution was never a bad thing but when had he become paranoid?
Another bad dream perhaps, although, if so, he didnt remember anything of it. Ryan slid his feet from under the blanket and sat up, turning to place his feet on the thick rug that covered the stone floor. It was cool, and the sensation calmed him a bit. 
He had to get over this sleeplessness before it drove him crazy. Gantros had been giving him grief about not resting enough, but how could he force himself to sleep?
Ryan suddenly realized that Gantros had not reacted at all to his waking. His sudden rush of adrenaline should have alerted the drake, or at least aroused his curiosity, but there was nothing. The bond was silent.
Ryan attempted to sense the drakes presence.
Gantros?
There was a silent rippling, as though some great force had nudged the world, sending a slight shudder through the room. Following the shudder came an overwhelming wave of sensations, pain, ecstasy, love, hate, joy, fear, and a flood of other random emotions. The mental shock forced Ryan to his knees, knocking the glowstone from the table. It hit the floor and tumbled across the rug, intensifying its brightness at the sudden movement.
Trembling and disoriented, Ryan looked around, trying to regain his equilibrium, his mind racing to determine the source of the onslaught. The light of the glowstone swam in his blurred vision. He closed his eyes to shut it out and focused his breathing, gradually suppressing the feelings of nausea.
Ryan suddenly realized the source of the sensations. Gantros was pummeling his mind with images and emotions that he couldnt suppress. He felt as though his head would explode. He fought back against the torrent.
GANTROS!
The wave seemed to abate somewhat, but, beyond that, there was no response.
The muffled sounds of chaos suddenly echoed in from the hall outside. A battle? Ryan could make out the sounds of soldiers being ordered about and people running but no alarm had been raised.
He staggered to the armor stand and quickly donned his leather hauberk and boots. There was no time for anything else. He strapped on his swordbelt and quickly checked that the rune-etched weapon was free in the scabbard, then he darted over to the door and cracked it open enough to peek into the hallway.
Ryan ducked back as several soldiers ran past the doorway. Citadel guards, judging by their appearance. Better to be cautious, however. He drew his sword and egded into the hall behind them, keeping the weapon in a ready but nonthreatening posture.
Ho, guardsmen, what goes on?! he yelled.
The startled guards spun around brandishing weapons. Their edginess was quite evident. These were trained soldiers, not typically given to being easily unnerved. Something very unusual must be happening.
Ryan quickly scanned their faces just in case they might be impostors infiltrating the citadel. He recognized several of them and relaxed a bit.
He held his hands up with his sword loosely dangling, blade down, just to assure them that he meant no aggression. The guards calmed somewhat as they, in turn, realized he wasnt a threat. One of them stepped forward.
Sir Ryan, its the drakes, sir,.. theyve gone berzerk! the guard sputtered. Orders went out to man the defenses.
Berserk? That might explain a few things. Are we under attack? Ryan asked, shaking his head slightly as the wave of emotional battering temporarily intensified.
I... I dont think so, sir, the guard replied. But weve been ordered to man the walls.
Are you alright, Sir? the man asked.
Fine, Ryan said, recomposing himself.
The guard nodded. You might want to head to the courtyard, Sir. I think I heard somebody say knights were assembling there.
Ryan nodded. Thank you. Carry on.
The men saluted and ran off.
Ryan sheathed his sword, realizing that it was unlikely to be needed and would probably only get him attacked by some panicked soldier. He set off at a quick but cautious pace toward the upper level.
It took Ryan a few minutes to reach the main hall. The lights of the corridor swam in his vision and several times he had to slow down and regain focus. Citadel workers and guards darted about, many bearing looks of confusion. Most seemed not to notice Ryan but a few stopped to inquire about the situation or make sure he was alright. Apparently, he looked about as disoriented as he felt.
Gantros was still not responding to his mental commands and the flood of emotional imagery from the drake, while slightly abated, was still overwhelming. Ryan forced himself onward toward the exit to the courtyard. Whatever was happening, he hoped that was where he would find the answers.
What he found, as he stepped through the main gate, made him stop dead in his tracks.
Every drake in the citadel, nearly three dozen in total, had descended on the courtyard or the surrounding walls, many still in full tack. Something had worked them into a severely agitated state.
Most of the riders and ground crew were running about the field, trying to calm the beasts. A rider was thrown to the ground while another tried desperately to hang on as his mount thrashed about.
Several drakes were flailing wildly, apparently oblivious to the danger posed to the scrambling ground crews around them. One crewman was knocked aside by a powerful tail slap when he was unable to dodge in time.
The drakes began rubbing their heads against the rocky ground as if desperately trying to scratch an itch they could not reach.
Ryan visually scoured the area, looking for Gantros. He finally spotted him atop the main wall near tower two where he was roaring and rubbing the side of his head against the tower.
Ryan ran out into the courtyard, imploring his friend to relax as he headed for the stairs that led to the upper wall.
As he tried to navigate the chaos, Ryan came across Wing Leader Vaan Hoss, who was also attempting to calm his mount, Horvax, with little apparent success. The massive red was hunched down and growling defensively as if he did not recognize his rider. He was still in harness, although many of the straps had been undone and his chain barding and saddlebags hung loosely, threatening to get tangled as the drake wheeled around, warding off the ground crew that surrounded him.
Ryan stopped to assist, as the Wing Leader and crew seemed to be a bit overwhelmed. As Ryan approached, Horvax suddenly threw his head back and roared, forcing Ryan and the others to step back. It was not the high-pitched communicative screech the drakes typically uttered, nor was it an aggressive, powerful roar. It was a sonorous tone, long and unchanging.
Ryan had heard a similar sound only once before, after a drakes rider had died in battle. It had been as though the creature was mourning the loss of a close friend.
But this was something different. It was not the mournful cry of a distressed soul. There was a hint of joy in it, such as when someone was so happy as to be brought to tears.
Gantros confirmed this as the torrent of emotion raging over the bond settled into pure joy, so overwhelming that Ryan could scarcely breathe. As the younger drakes stopped their thrashing and took up the sound, Ryan had to choke down the urge to tear up himself. Looking around, he saw that the other riders appeared to be experiencing the same thing. Everyone had stopped to stare in wonder at the drakes as the citadel echoed with the sound of what could only be described as, singing.
Ryan was so transfixed that he didnt notice Marshal Phaedaan approach from behind him until the old man lay a hand on his shoulder.
Beautiful, isn,t it? Phaedaan said quietly.
I have never heard the like, Ryan said.
His concern for Gantros was gone. In fact, he felt more content than hed felt in months and he had no idea why.
Indeed... Phaedaan said, looking around at the drakes, Id wager no one has heard this in over eight centuries.
Ryan looked at the old man. What do you mean?
Dont you see, my boy? Phaedaan said with a smile. They know.
 Apparently Ryan did not see.
Know what, exactly? he inquired.
Phaedaans smile diminished as though a thought had just occured to him. Suddenly, his eyes revealed an inner concern.
He looked pensively back at the drakes and watched them for a long moment as he seemed to ponder some vexing question. Suddenly he grabbed Ryan by the arm and turned toward the citadel entrance.
Come with me, he said.
Phaedaans sudden sense of urgency had Ryan puzzled.
Where are we going? he asked.
The Vaults, Phaedaan replied, We must be sure.
Before Ryan could ask another obvious question, Vaan Hoss approached them. His demeanor suggested that he too was just recovering from a dizzying assault of sensations from his drake.
The wing leader shot a quick, questioning glance in Ryans direction then saluted to Phaedaan.
Lord Marshal, the drakes...
Yes, Jorg, I know, Phaedaan said. See to the knights. Many of the younger ones will need assistance calming their mounts.
Vaan Hoss saluted again, then glanced around to see if anyone was listening. 
Does this mean...?
I believe so, Phaedaan interrupted, But do not tell the men. Some of them will no doubt suspect, but say nothing to confirm their suspicions. Not until we know for sure.
Vaan Hoss looked a bit confused and disappointed at first, then nodded in understanding.
He glanced at Ryan again then back to Phaedaan and he and the Lord Marshal seemed to share some unspoken understanding.
Vaan Hoss stood at attention. I will see to the men, Lord Marshal, he said, then turned and offered a hand to Ryan.
Ryan took it and the wing leader give it a firm shake, followed by a salute. 
Good luck to you, Sir Ryan, he said then quickly set off to assist the other knights in the courtyard.
That was certainly odd. Ryan thought.
Phaedaan watched Vann Hoss leave then turned to Ryan.
Follow me, he said, immediately heading toward the citadel entrance.
Ryan was beginning to feel as though he were the only person lacking a clue to what was going on. Why were they going to the Vaults? Or more specifically, why was HE being dragged to the Vaults?
As he followed Phaedaan back into the hall, Ryan snatched a glowstone from a nearby wall sconce. He shook it lightly to trigger its magical enchantment and the stone began to warm slightly and emit a blue-white light.
Phaedaan had already moved on ahead and Ryan had to jog a bit to catch up. The old man certainly seemed to be in quite a hurry.
They pressed through the crowds of confused workers which thinned rapidly once theyd descended past the second level of the fortress. While it appeared that none of the staff had suffered any effects similar to the knights themselves, they had certainly picked up on the fact that something was happening and the tension in the air was thick even as the workers tried to focus on their duties. A few times, Phaedaan had to stop and reassure workers who had become distracted by the chaos.
As the two men proceeded deeper into the citadel, the corridors became darker and less traveled. The dry air was stale and dusty, as though it hadnt been stirred in centuries. Ryan felt a distinct sense of loneliness, despite Phaedaans company and the reassuring presence of Gantros in his mind.
The drake had calmed down now and the tumult of emotions had finally ceased. Ryans repeated attempts to communicate with Gantros had borne little more than a short affirmation that he was fine and a suggestion to Ryan that he should be more concerned with his own safety. The friendly admonishment had done more than anything to reassure Ryan that Gantros was, indeed, back to normal.
Gantros had not communicated since, but Ryan could sense his mental presence, as though the drake was watching his progress with great interest as well as a slight hint of apprehension.
Phaedaan led Ryan to a massive set of partially open double doors at the end of a great room that had once served as a dining hall. The dusty tables and benches had not been used since ancient times, when the fortress boasted a greater contingent of soldiers.
A single tin cup sitting alone amidst a pile of dust caught Ryans eye as they passed by one of the tables. He wondered who it had belonged to and what circumstance had made them leave it behind.
Passing through the gap between the doors, which were far too heavy for them to have opened, they entered an enormous hallway, easily fifty mets high and extending off into darkness in both directions.
Before them lay two sets of stairs, side by side, leading down into the deep and largely unused levels of the fortress. Both were carved directly from the surrounding bedrock but the craftsmanship was such that no tooling marks were evident and each step appeared geometrically perfect.
The main stairs, to the left, were built to draconic scale. Each step was nearly as high as a man and twice as deep. Ryan rubbed the glowstone to intensify its brightness but the light only illuminated the first few steps of the main stairs and barely caressed the ceiling with its pale blue luminance.
To the right, along the wall, a smaller set of steps paralleled the larger one. The walls of the cavernous stairwell were perfectly smooth and bore countless numbers of ancient runes similar to those up in the main entry hall.
Giant pilasters, nearly ten mets in diameter, supported elaborate arches forty mets overhead which were hardly visible beneath a tangle of cobwebs.
The entire corridor, except for the smaller stairs, was layered in thick dust. The blue orb cast the hall in a pale, monochromatic light that seemed to emphasize the stark loneliness of the place.
Phaedaan led Ryan down the smaller, human-scaled stairs, the two men's every step stirring up clouds of fine powder that drifted lazily about in the light of the glowstone as though it might take another few centuries to settle back down again.
The old man moved quickly and assuredly down the steeply angled steps and Ryan had to struggle to keep up. Between his earlier headache and the emotional torrent from Gantros, Ryans head was still reeling and rapidly descending the stairs threatened him with dizziness.
He wondered if the Lord Marshal had received a similar shock from Luxiom and, if so, how he could seem to recover so quickly from such a mental onslaught. Perhaps it was just the result of so many cycles of experience. Ryan was suddenly reminded of just how much he had yet to learn.
They came to the bottom of the stairs and entered a hallway that looked even less used than the halls above. Dust lay thick on the floor along the walls with only a small trail of faint footprints near the center indicating that anyone had traversed this corridor in centuries.
Despite his complete lack of VimSensitivity, the hairs on Ryans neck prickled as his instincts sensed something unnatural about this place. There was powerful magic at work here.
Stay close, Phaedaan said quietly as he reached into the neck of his tunic and pulled out a small amulet on a simple silver chain. Ryan could sense an uneasiness in the man which only served to increase his own discomfort.
The primary wards consist of barriers to keep out intruders, Phaedaan explained. 
Usually, only those who attempt to force their way in will trigger the more deadly defenses. Typically, the wards are not dangerous to those of the Order but I cannot be sure that this event has not altered things.
Hold on a minute, Ryan said, holding up his hand, What event? What exactly is going on?
Phaedaan kept walking.
A Wyrmweaver has been created, he said.
Ryan stopped short.
A Wyrmweaver? he said incredulously, How do you know?
I dont, Phaedaan admitted, But it fits the signs. We must check the Auraeometer to be sure.
Now keep up or give me the globe. Or did you suspect that I could see in the dark?
Ryan frowned at the admonishment and let out a compressed sigh as he loped up to within a few steps of the old man and attempted to maintain that distance with the glowstone held above his head to light the corridor as far ahead as possible.
Ryan peered down the long, dark and quiet hallway, wondering what magical traps lay ahead. It was a futile gesture, anyway.  Since he lacked Vimsense, there would be nothing to see.
He wondered what it would be like getting struck down from out of nothingness with no way to defend himself. What terrible form might the attack take? A blast of fire, maybe? Or perhaps theyd be crushed by some invisible force. Hed heard of magic that could simply halt the targets heart or pulpify a persons internal organs without leaving so much as a mark on the body.
As a soldier, Ryan had always preferred a more direct form of confrontation. Even the thought of being shot or blown up was preferable to dying by sorcery. The lethal use of magic had always seemed a bit unfair to him. Unfortunately, it was difficult to argue the point of fairness in matters of life and death.
Well, at least if we die from a spell it will be fast, Ryan said with a wry grin, more hopeful than certain.
Phaedaans expression turned grim as he started down the hall. Ryan followed along, taking note of the Lord Marshals lack of a response. He tried to distract himself by casually studying the ancient architecture of the hall with its stark angles and odd geometric patterns.
There were no guards or other citadel staff this far down. In fact, there was little to indicate that anyone ever came down here. It was oppressively quiet, making Ryan and Phaedaans footfalls seem unnaturally loud as each step echoed down the endless, empty corridors.
Unmarked passageways led away in many directions, all dark and forbidding. The angular architecture threw strange patterns of shadow from the glowstone, creating the sense of fleeting movements in the darkness as though something lurked just out of sight. The overall effect was quite unnerving and Ryan was glad that Phaedaan seemed to know where he was going. One could likely get lost in this maze of corridors and go mad trying to get out. Perhaps that was the intent.
They finally approached a monstrous set of double doors, nearly four mets high and forged out of what appeared to be solid steel. Both were etched with a pattern of stark, jagged runes that spiraled inward from the edges toward an elaborate circular design at the center.
Ryan looked closer. The metal was not steel, at least not like that used for a sword or armor. This was something different. The dark gray surface seemed deep, as though it was covered with several layers of glazing and it reflected rainbow-hued sparkles in the light of the glowstone as if countless tiny gemstones were embedded below the surface.
Coremetal, Phaedaan said, noting Ryans scrutinizing of the door. Brought up from far below the surface by earthdiving stone dragons. Similar to iron but far more pure. It resonates with the ley lines of this place, allowing for powerful self-sustaining wards to be worked upon it.
Ryan looked at Phaedaan with raised eyebrows, amused at how easily his mentor fell into the role of teacher, even during a crisis.
Coremetal. Makes sense, Ryan said with a nod, feigning understaning.
Phaedaan snorted.
If youd studied your lore half as much as your swordplay...
Ryan put his hands up in mock surrender.
I know, I know. Id be Wing Leader by now.
At the least, Phaedaan shot back, holding the small amulet up to the circular part of the pattern on the doors.
The runes began to glow with a red hue, slowly at first, then faster as the light expanded out from the center along the spirals to the edges of the doors. From there, runes hidden in the stonework around the door began to illuminate.
Phaedaan stepped back. It is ironic, to say the least, that your slacking in that regard may prove to be most beneficial to us now.
The patterns of ruby-colored light continued expanding along the walls like ribbons of living fire, illuminating hidden runes that seemed to appear from within the mineral veins of the surrounding rock.
Ryan was so awestricken by the display of magic before him that it was several seconds before he responded.
Yeah, he said before recognizing the veiled insult, Wait, what? 
The red light pulsed for several more seconds then abruptly vanished, leaving the pair standing again in the pale light of the glowstone. A near silent click emanated from the doors and they cracked open a few inches, releasing a dusty waft of air from the sealed room beyond.
Phaedaan put a hand on the left door, which by appearances must have weighed at least a ton, if not more. Ryan moved to help but, to his surprise, the door turned inward easily before he even touched it. This place was making a habit of causing him to feel quite naive. With a perturbed frown, Ryan cautiously followed the Lord Marshal into the vaults, where Citadel Warrns deepest and most ancient secrets were kept safe from the world at large.
He suddenly felt a bit anxious at the thought of what wonders he might see inside.
The chamber was not as grand as Ryan had suspected, although it was difficult to estimate the exact proportions in the dim light of the glowstone.
Phaedaan touched the amulet to a circular runic carving on the wall just inside the door. The runes around the circle illuminated in a spreading pattern that shot up along the ceiling and along the walls, intersecting with other circular patterns that burst into light as the lines passed through them. The expanding network of glowing runic lines gradually illuminated the entire room in a soft and comfortable radiance like one might get from open windows on a sunny day.
Ryan looked about in amazement as the light filled the room.
Nearly every inch of wallspace was covered with shelves and bookcases that literally sagged under the weight of thousands of tomes and scrolls. Where there was any space available, there hung tapestries, paintings and ancient maps. The majority of the maps Ryan could immediately see delineated countries whose names he did not recognize and probably had not existed for centuries.
Filling most every available bit of floor space were tables and glass cases displaying all manner of strange artifacts, ranging from tiny bits of jewelry to large, complicated machines whose purpose Ryan could not begin to fathom. In one alcove stood suits of ancient armor in various styles and racks displaying a variety of weapons, all likely bearing enchantments of one sort or another.
There was barely enough room to maneuver amidst the contents of the room and various doorways leading out of the room indicated that more such chambers lay beyond. Ryan was no scholar, but even he could sense the incredible value of cache of lore that lay entombed here.
Phaedaan led Ryan through the maze of tables to an illuminated alcove at the back of the chamber. This area was less cluttered and bore the appearance of a small shrine rather than a museum display. Ryan was stunned as he approached and saw what lay within.
Is that...? he whispered.
The sword and armor of Sir Balthas himself, Phaedaan said, The very heart of our Order.
Ryan set the glowstone down on a nearby table that was strewn with books and old parchments, then slowly approached the alcove to get a better look. Phaedaan stepped back to give some space, watching with interest from behind as Ryan inspected the relics.
Tucked back in the alcove was a wooden armor stand on which hung a very old suit of half-plate armor, slightly battered, but obviously of high quality.
More utilitarian than ornate, this armor was certainly built for combat, although some effort had obviously been made to embellish the suit. The breastplate bore a stylized dragon and the entire suit was ornamented with complex patterns integrating gold-colored runes which Ryan suspected were more than decorative.
Despite being over twenty-two centuries old, the metal displayed no rust or pitting. Even the leather straps still appeared supple.
Displayed above the armor was a sword and scabbard. The obviously spellforged long sword was roughly a met long, its thick, sturdy blade covered hilt to tip in elaborate runes. The blade itself showed no signs of aging nor a hint of wear or battle damage.
The hilt was a rather plain, slightly curved crossbar inlaid with additional runes and the handle was wrapped in alternating dull red and silver cords that spiraled down to a round silver pommel set with a yellow topaz that was itself surrounded by what appeared to be a phrase in some ancient arcane language.
The scabbard was wood, lacquered in red and highlighted with yellow cords and tassels. It had suffered the effects of ages more so than the sword or armor but still appeared usable, though understandably dated in style.
Ryan was fascinated by the weapon, similar in appearance to the one strapped to his hip but far more sophisticated. The knowledge to craft such magically forged blades had been lost long ago. He was tempted to test the weapons weight and balance, which were undoubtedly perfect, but he refrained out of respect.
He pulled his eyes from the blade and looked down at the small elaborate pedestal that stood off to one side. It was cast in silver with gold accents and its base consisted of four dragons, two mist and two stone, arranged seated in a circle with their foreclaws coming together in the center to support a short column that ended in a flat table.
On the top, resting on a red velvet pillow with orange and blue fringe, lay what could only be the Auraeometer. Ryan vaguely recalled seeing pictures of it during his studies about the Orders history but seeing the ancient artifact for real felt more powerful than he would have expected.
He leaned in for a closer inspection.
The device was slightly smaller than a mans palm. It was round and about three centimets thick at the center, tapering slightly toward the edges like a small breadroll.
It was forged of a strange alloy that looked like gold but contained flecks that seemed to reflect different colors when viewing the device from different angles. The entire device was covered with intricate lace-like weaves of runes and inlaid with sharp crystalline patterns but the surface appeared smooth and polished, bearing no hint of tool markings.
In the center, beneath a clear crystalline window, was a complex array of gears, wheels and springs all surrounding a central tiny Vimstone that sparkled with a vivid, green-blue color. Above this, apparently driven by the clockwork within, was a small needle that pointed toward the outside of the device, much like a compass, only there were no directions indicated on it.
The device hummed with energy, almost as if it were alive, and the gears inside churned continuously, although the needle stayed constant, currently pointed to Ryans left and slightly behind him. Being so far underground, Ryan had no clue what compass direction that was but the little device seemed so intent on that direction that Ryan half-expected it to leap from the table and fly toward its target. 
 It was difficult to imagine that this delicate-looking creation had been forged by dragons.
Its moving, Ryan whispered.
Yes, Phaedaan said, standing behind Ryan, It senses the Wyrmweaver.
Ryan stood up but his eyes stayed glued to the device. How?
Phaedaan stepped up next to Ryan and crossed his arms, letting out a sigh. We do not really know HOW it works.
It seems attracted to those who have the potential to be Wyrmweavers; something about their auras, or so it has been supposed.
Phaedaan shrugged. It helps us to sift through potential candidates before putting them through more rigorous testing.
However, according to the ancient texts, if a Wyrmweaver bonding is created, the Auraeometer will attune itself to that individual alone. Whether this is part of its design or something particular about Wyrmweavers themselves, we do not know.
No one alive has actually seen a Wyrmweaver except for the Sovereigns and they are not terribly forthcoming with information.
For some reason, Ryan thought of the drakes in the courtyard and their strange singing.
On the landing field, you said that the drakes know, he said.
Drakes are related to dragons, as you know. They cannot channel Vim, as the great wyrms can, but they are very sensitive to the Etherum, Phaedaan explained. According to legend, when a Wyrmweaver is bonded, all dragons of Elandis can sense the event. One must assume that the drakes are able to sense it as well.
Ryan nodded, thinking of what Sir Eamar had said about his drake, Ambrax, and his reaction to magic on the battlefield. It made sense. And the strange sound they made?
Phaedaan gazed down at the Auraeometer with a distant expression.
When the Redeemer comes, all dragonkind shall trumpet his arrival, he said. The Oraculum.
Ryan shot Phaedaan a dubious look. Are you serious?
The old man looked at him seriously. 
Do not be too hasty in your dismissal of prophecy, Sir Ryan. There are many things in this world that we do not understand.
The Auraeometer, for example. How does it function? Why is it that only certain humans are able to be bonded and how does it know the difference? Why does a Wyrmweaver gain such incredible power after a bonding, and where does that power come from?
And what do the dragons have to do with all of it?
He sighed. After eight centuries, perhaps we now have a chance to answer some of these questions.
Ryan stepped aside as Phaedaan reached down and gently scooped the Auraeometer from its resting spot. 
The Lord Marshal stared thoughtfully at the device for a moment. Finally, he took a breath and turned to face Ryan.
Sir Ryan Gedric of Metessa...
Ryan instinctively kneeled at hearing the Lord Marshal speak his name with formality.
Phaedaan continued. Your Lord Marshal and your Order require your services on a task of grave importance and utmost responsibility.
Im honored to serve, Ryan responded.
Then rise and receive your charge, Sir Ryan.
Ryan stood, facing the Lord Marshal, who held the Auraeometer up in both hands.
The Auraeometer is our greatest treasure; crafted by the Sovereigns themselves and entrusted to us over a thousand cycles ago. Even as we use it in our search, it has also been our sacred duty to keep it safe, though its ultimate purpose remains a mystery to us. It has left this room only a handful of times in all those centuries and never, since the day of its arrival, has it passed beyond the main gate.
Ryan felt a sudden uneasiness as he began to grasp the implications of where the old man was leading.
Sir Ryan, I ask you to take the Auraeometer, follow its guidance, find the Wyrmweaver and bring him here, or, should that prove impossible, attempt to take him to the Assemblage.
Phaedaan held out the Auraeometer, offering it to Ryan. Ryan hesitated slightly before gently taking the device.
It was surprisingly warm and seemed to throb in his hands like a living thing. Caught off guard by the disconcerting feeling, Ryan nearly dropped it. He rotated the device to observe its function. The needle stayed constant and Ryan could almost sense the artifact pulling in that direction, urging him to follow. He had no particular aversion to magic devices but Ryan found this dragon-forged artifact somewhat unsettling.
He tried to set his discomfort aside for now and looked at the Lord Marshal.
If it be at all within our power, Gantros and I will see it done, Lord Marshal, he said with a bow, So long as blood flows in my veins, I swear.
Ryan felt a sudden wave of eagerness from Gantros and he had to suppress an involuntary smile. Sometimes the emotional nature of the bond could be quite overpowering.
Phaedaan put his hand on Ryans shoulder and nodded, but his expression was a bit strained.
This may seem unusual but I ask that you not mention your mission to anyone, including the other knights, he said, almost regretfully.
Ryan straightened and looked at Phaedaan. He sensed, again, that hint of an emotional struggle taking place within the old man.
I understand, he nodded.
I do not know who or what you will find, Ryan, Phaedaan said, suddenly sounding more like a concerned parent than the Lord Marshal of Balthas. You should be mindful. The legends say that Wyrmweavers are very powerful. However, there is also an implication of risk inherent with this power.
What sort of risk? Ryan asked.
Im sorry, Ryan, but I dont know. The histories are not specific beyond that.
Ryan found Phaedaans cautious tone a bit odd, considering the circumstances. The Order of Balthas had been searching for a Wyrmweaver candidate for centuries. Now one had finally appeared; not just a candidate but the real thing. Ryan would have expected this to be a grand occasion.
He began to suspect something more was happening here. Why the sense of caution? Why was he being sent off alone, and in secret?
Ryan studied the Auraeometer.
No offense intended, Lord Marshal, but why do I feel that you are not telling me everything?
Phaedaan pursed his lips and narrowed his eyes, as if considering how best to answer.
I can only say that the situation is not how I envisioned it would be.
 The histories are quite consistent in the fact that all Wyrmweavers have been bonded only through the grace of the Sovereigns.
Except for this one? Ryan was beginning to understand.
Phaedaan looked away, obviously uncomfortable discussing his misgivings.
We do not know the Sovereigns involvement, if any, in this situation, he said, This is why we must find the Wyrmweaver as soon as possible.
Perhaps then we will find the answers.
Ryan recalled the tapestry in Phaedaans office that depicted the Wyrmweaver battling a vast army. It hadnt occured to him until this moment but the artist had somewhat conveniently left the identity of that doomed horde rather ambiguous. 
He wrapped his fingers around the familiar grip of his sword, his trusted companion in battle for many cycles, second only to Gantros. For the first time that he could recall, the weapon seemed somewhat inadequate.
Do you think this Wyrmweaver is dangerous? he asked.
He expectected a hearty repudiation.
The Lord Marshal looked solemnly at the armor and sword of the orders legendary hero and namesake, almost as if searching for an answer. The flickering light of the Auraeometer sparkled across the ancient armor and blade. The old man closed his eyes. I hope not, Sir Ryan.
By the Sovereigns, I do hope not.


SEVEN

Morning, 5 Luun, 1396
Landing Field, Citadel Warrn, Central Valdon

Ryan tugged gently at the leather straps running under Gantros left wing. They were secure, just like all the others. He ran his gloved hand across the heavily patched double chain armor along the drakes left side. There were no wrinkles or folds that might pinch. Reaching the flank harness, he tested the fit of the belts and saddlebags.
A few feet away, crew chief Marley watched Ryan go about the inspection, his mouth twisted slightly with a hint of annoyance. Ryan meant no disrespect to Marley and his crew, who had fitted Gantros tack perfectly, as always, but it would be remiss for Ryan not to inspect the equipage himself.
The harness is fine. I am ready. Gantros said impatiently.
I know. Ryan responded, a bit dejectedly.
He took a deep breath of the crisp morning air and let it out slowly. He was still a bit bewildered by the recent flood of events and checking the harness gave him a familiar task to focus his mind on. At least, that was his excuse. He knew that he was just stalling.
He kept feeling the annoying sensation that hed forgotten something, a common enough feeling before setting out on long patrols. It usually turned out to be something you never needed to begin with.
But, for some reason, this time it felt as though there was something he truly needed to have, or some business hed forgotten. It wasnt the ominous sense of dread a soldier sometimes felt before a battle but Ryan could not dismiss the feeling that he was setting out on a journey that may never lead back home.
Maybe it was just misgivings about this mission. On previous outings, hed always had a clear objective. Perhaps it was the unknown that had him second-guessing.
He checked the saddle straps a second time but his mind turned to the Auraeometer, tucked deep in his pack and wrapped securely, if somwhat inelegantly, in his spare cloak. He couldnt explain it but he could somehow sense the device's presence and it unnerved him.
That deceptively simple device had challenged Ryans entire worldview. He never once truly considered that the Wyrmweaver legends were true, at least not the more fantastic bits. He could accept that there were powerful channelers. The Magelords that ruled Medinara were proof enough of that. But even they were as much bombast as anything, in his opinion, and nothing in comparison to the supposed power of the mighty Wyrmweavers of legend.
But if one trusted in ancient dragon magic, that thing in his pack was linked to a real Wyrmweaver, just like in those legends. If that was true and those legends were to be believed, it meant that somewhere out there was someone who could single-handedly smash armies and bring entire nations to their knees.
To hear some people talk, youd expect this Wyrmweaver to just march right up to the Gnisis Bridgehead and dropkick the Imperium right off of Elandis.
Now Ryan was supposed to find this person and simply convince them to come with him back to Warrn. Suppose they said no? What was he to do then, grab them by the ear and drag them back?
Gantros gave an ambiguous snort but Ryan got the point. He had tarried long enough. It was time to be on with this mission.
He nodded satisfactorily to Marley, which seemed to make the man finally relax somewhat, and then turned back to Gantros.
Mount.
Gantros hunched down, pressing his chest to the ground to give Ryan easier access to the saddle. Ryan stepped into the steel stirrup, pulled himself up and settled into the deep leather seat. He reached down and attached the reinforced leather straps that ran parallel to the stirrup belts and attached them to rings on his belt and leg harnesses.
Marley handed Ryan his helmet and backed away, checking to make sure the area was clear.
You have misgivings about our mission? Gantros asked.
It was a superfluous question. Gantros was well aware of Ryan's feelings on the matter. Most likely, he was just making idle conversation.
Ryan sighed and considered the question anyway. What did he believe? What was he going to find wherever the Auraeometer led him? Some kind of mystical savior? He yanked on his helmet, twisting it a bit to settle it, and then pulled the chinstrap tight.
I just can't believe that some storybook hero is going to come along and save the world, Gantros. Its just too much.
You must have faith.
Ryans mother had often told him he needed to have faith. He remembered the day she left home in pursuit of that faith. What kind of belief could make a mother leave her husband and child behind? Faith, as he knew it, had done little for Ryan but cause him grief.
He looked up at the sky, not really sure what he expected to see. A few clouds drifted slowly against the pure blue. Off in the distance, to the northwest, a hint of gray on the horizon indicated possible rain. It was the same sky as yesterday, and all the days before. No hint that anything had changed.
Ryan turned his view to the courtyard. Most of the soldiers and staff went about their business as usual. But there was a slight energy in the air, a sense of anticipation. Rumors of his mission had begun to work their way through the citadel.
He hadnt breathed a word of it, of course, but his sudden departure, so soon after the previous night's events, had fueled the fires of speculation. No one had dared to ask, but he could see it in the furtive glances that came his way as he and Gantros prepared to leave.
A flurry of movement near the main gate caught Ryans eye. He looked there to see Liane, followed by several other knights, running out into the courtyard. She hesitated, almost as if, at first, she hadnt believed Ryan would be there. The others stopped behind her. They stared at him with an odd mixture of expressions but it was Liane that held his gaze.
Hed never seen such a look on her face. Fear, concern, and hope all fighting for supremacy. She held something wrapped in fine cloth against her chest and had her head lowered, mouthing words Ryan could not make out.
She lifted her head and ran up to him. She stopped and held up the bundle in both hands. Her face was difficult to read but he could tell that she was desperately trying to control her emotions.
Liane, I Ryan said.
She shook her head and shoved the bundle toward him again as though any attempt to speak might break her composure. Gantros leaned forward so that Ryan could reach down and take the package. Holding it in his lap, he unraveled the delicate protective cloth. Within lay a book--a copy of Tem's Oraculum.
Perplexed by the nature of the gift, he glanced at Liane questioningly. She backed away, then quickly spun around and dashed back toward the main gate.
Was she crying?
Ryan glanced back at the book and opened it. Inside the front cover was a faded and worn inscription penned in a delicate hand.

Dearest Liane,
Your father and I are so proud of you. May faith always light your path.
Love always,
Mother

This was Lianes personal copy, a gift from her parents when shed joined the Order as a young child. Why would she give him this?
Ryan quickly scanned the area to find her but shed already disappeared back into the citadel. Hed let her run off again without allowing him to apologize. Shards! Was this going to eat at him the entire time he was away?
But that wasnt what this was about, was it?
He suddenly realized the gravity of what he was undertaking. Any knight in the citadel would have traded places with him without hesitation. Some were probably even a bit envious.
He thought of Liane telling him how much she wanted to be a questing knight. She wanted nothing in this life more than to be where he was, right now. He imagined there were others that felt the same.
A part of him would have gladly traded the task with her or any one of them, not that it was an option. The Lord Marshal had personally requested that Ryan undertake this mission, whatever his reasons.
For the life of him, Ryan couldnt fathom what those reasons might be. This was a task for a legate, not a soldier. Ryan was no diplomat. His idea of negotiation was demanding that an enemy yield at the point of his blade. Somehow, he didnt think that would serve him particularly well in this instance.
In any case, Ryan had sworn to see it done and he would. He didnt know how, but he would find a way. He would do it for the Order, for the Lord Marshal, for his fellow knights, and for Liane.
Faith? He didnt need it. He rewrapped the book and shoved it into the saddlebag behind him. He snugged his scarf around his face and strapped on his riding goggles.
I will have to make do with duty, Gantros.
The drake seemed to find the comment amusing. With a roar, he leaped high, flapping hard to gain altitude. Ryan leaned down into the saddle and glanced down over Gantros shoulder as he began to angle toward the main wall. Several soldiers and crew waved, mostly out of polite habit, most probably having no clue that Ryans mission was anything more than a standard patrol.
We head West. Ryan commanded.
Imperium territory. The drakes response hinted at excitement. Perhaps some hunting then?
We must be discreet, Gantros.
Pity. The drake replied with disappointment, focusing on gaining altitude.
As they banked away over the main wall, Ryans thoughts drifted back to the previous night atop the wall with Liane. The feeling of forgetting returned.
His gaze did not turn away from the citadel until long after he could no longer discern it from the mountainside.
***
Phaedaan watched from a window in the upper corridors, high above the courtyard, as Ryan and Gantros veered away over the main wall. He smiled, though he could not completely suppress nagging doubts.
Vaan Hoss stood beside him, also watching the pair take off, his expression darker.
If youd given me more time, I could have put together a more proper search party, Vann Hoss said.
Phaedaan looked off to the distance. He has the Auraeometer. He will find the Wyrmweaver. Of that, I have no doubt.
Vaan Hoss frowned. But... we... all of us, have spent so long searching already. Why send only one rider? Should we not...?
He stopped when he noticed Phaedaans level stare. He looked away, clearly disgruntled.
Phaedaan understood his wing leaders feelings. Perhaps a full flight would be a more appropriate greeting for a Wyrmweaver. But Phaedaan had not made this decision lightly, and though he would not say as much to his Second, he was not without some misgivings of his own.
Jorg was right, they had searched for a very long time. All knights of Balthas dreamed of finding the Wyrmweaver and setting the prophecies of Tem in motion. 
And THAT was the problem. They had pinned all their hopes on a Wyrmweaver, a savior. And now that savior had finally come.
But had he? Phaedaan wanted desperately to believe it. Hed spent the majority of his life dreaming of and preparing for this day. So why now, of all times, did his faith seem to fail him? Was he just getting old and cynical? Or maybe a bit wiser, perhaps?
All he knew was that this was not how things were expected to work, and that bothered him. He wasnt sure why, only that his instincts told him that something was amiss. 
It had always been his Orders responsibility to find candidates and bring them to the Sovereigns. Not since Balthas himself had a Wyrmweaver simply appeared without warning. 
Perhaps the Sovereigns had found their own candidate. But, if that were true, why hide it from him? Had the Order not served well enough to deserve some notice? Had they simply been wasting their time all these centuries?
No, he couldnt believe that. Something else had happened and he suspected that the Sovereigns were as taken by surprise as he. Prudence suggested that he should wait for the Deliberative to contact him. And they would, he was certain of that. But his instinct also told him that time was critical.
He had to send someone to find the Wyrmweaver and discover the truth. But he needed someone who would see things clearly. Someone whos eyes would not be clouded by a lifetime of preconceptions and blind faith. 
Of all the knights of the Order, that meant Sir Ryan of Metessa. It was certainly ironic that the least spiritually devoted of his knights should prove to be the likeliest person to bring back the single being in the world his Order had spent eight hundred cycles trying to find. 
In truth, Phaedaan had not been entirely sure of his choice, at first. But Ryan had asked the right questions. His suspicious nature would serve him well in this task and Phaedaan felt renewed confidence in his choice.
Sir Ryan would bring back the Wyrmweaver, or he would die trying, simply because Phaedaan had asked him to.
I understand, Jorg, he said, But Ryan must do this. I cant explain it, but I think he is the only one who can.
Vaan Hoss sighed and looked back up to the horizon, obviously not satisfied but willing to let the matter go. Phaedaan patted him on the shoulder.
It will be fine, he said with a smile, Ryan is as capable a knight as any we have. Who better to escort the Wyrmweaver home than our swordmaster? 
There was a period of silence as both men stared out the window pondering the momentous implications of the days events.
What of Nathan? Vaan Hoss suddenly changed the subject.
Phaedaan had been doing his best to avoid thinking about that particular topic.
According to legend, there could be only one Wyrmweaver in existence at any given time but, as with so many things regarding dragons, little of the why was known. 
Nathan had trained his entire life to be considered for the honor of being selected to fulfill that role. Who knew what would become of that now.
Phaedaan sighed. I will have to handle that when the time comes.
It was just one of many things that he was not looking forward to dealing with but he had another, more pressing, concern at the moment.
Come, we have much to do, he said, turning away from the window and marching toward the officer's quarters, Warrn must be prepared.
Vaan Hoss caught up to him. For Ryans return?
For a delegation.
A delegation?" Vaan Hoss asked, "From whom?
Phaedaans expression turned serious.
The Deliberative.
***
A plain, gray Solitaire perched on a large boulder, cocking its head this way and that as it searched the area for its morning meal. 
A large shadow and rustling of wings alarmed the bird and it froze, warily eyeing the large drake flying overhead. 
The drake quickly passed by, apparently not on the hunt, so the Solitaire relaxed and returned to its own search for food. 
The bird's keen eyes spotted a large beetle scurrying about among the rocks. The beetle stopped and the Solitaire, sensing its moment, made ready to dive in for the kill. 
Suddenly, the ground began to shake. The beetle scurried off under cover of a nearby rock and the Solitaire, startled into forgetting its meal, flapped away as the massive boulder beneath it began to move.
The boulder tilted to one side, releasing a small cascade of rock and dirt as it slowly lifted from the ground. An indentation on the side, nearly the size of a large serving platter, shuddered and opened, revealing a crimson-colored orb that rolled downward to reveal a bright yellow iris.
The mammoth eye blinked several times then the entire boulder shook side to side in a shower of dust, revealing a gigantic, wedge-shaped head covered in rock-like scales. The head rose up higher, supported by a long neck that seemed to protrude directly from the ground.
The massive head turned and watched silently as Ryan and Gantros flew away toward the horizon. Then, with the cracking and rumbling of breaking stone, the creature shuddered and stood to its full height of nearly fifteen mets. 
For a moment, the stone dragon gazed off in the direction the pair had gone. Then it turned away and, with a slight hop, dove into the ground, throwing up a large wave of earth and rock that rippled like water for a moment before re-solidifying, leaving no trace, beyond a small trickling of stones, that the massive creature had been there at all.


EIGHT

Morning, 6 Luun, 1396
The Assemblage, Central Galendra

Alamander, Sovereign of the mist dragon Enclave of Starwatcher and current Speaker of the Draconic Deliberative, carefully shifted his weight to his left hip and stretched out his right rear leg. Moving slowly, so as not to draw attention to his discomfort, he flexed his ancient muscles to work out a slight cramp and settled deeper into the bed of smooth stones that formed his seat in the Gathering Chamber. The magically warmed stones felt good against his silvery scales but it would take more than that to relax him today.
He looked out over the vast Chamber floor, a one hundred and forty met diameter circle of sand-covered flagstones. Surrounding the floor in a wide arc were stone-filled seats identical to his own, one for each of the other Sovereigns, the elder dragons representing the fifteen Enclaves of Elandysss Guardian wyrms.
It was a rare occurence--a meeting of the Deliberative--seldom involving more than a few members at a time. It took an event of profound significance to warrant the attention of any but the most directly affected Enclaves. Not since the Shattering had all of the Sovereigns come together at once.
Now, for only the second time in his two centuries as Speaker, Alamander of Starwatcher found himself presiding over a full Chamber of the most ancient living creatures of the world. Or, rather, a nearly full chamber.
To his left sat the Sovereigns of the stone dragon Enclaves of the Northern Watch, their massive, humanoid bodies as unmoving as the stones from which they derived their name. Only their wide, wedge-shaped heads turned slightly as they watched the proceedings, occasionally speaking to one another in their low-pitched, gravelly tongue.
Only four had come: Falathaxus of the Deepstone Enclave, eldest of the group. Vaziraxuil of Black Mountain, the only female stone dragon representative, although the physical differences were rather subtle. Rhakevelon of Flamespire Enclave, and Ganivorax, representing the Enclave of Stonetooth, rounded out the delegation.
As the eldest of their Enclaves, the stone dragon Sovereigns were truly massive specimens of their breed. Fifteen mets at the shoulder and weighing several tons, they were an impressive sight, even to another dragon. Adding to their formidable mein, the bodies of all four were fully bedecked in battle runes carved directly into their rock-like scales like scraggly scars. The runes were not energized, of course. Such an overt display of potential hostility was forbidden inside the Assemblage. Still, the implied message was clear. The stone dragon Enclaves were prepared for war.
The empty seats beside them were a painful reminder that some had already taken that fateful step. Two of their number, the Enclaves of Fireclaw and Ironbone, had left the Deliberative in opposition to the Tenets of Non-intervention. Their choice to take action in the war, a breach of the Tenets, had branded them Vahjeraat, the Dishonored. Calling themselves Oathbound, those Enclaves had chosen banishment from their kin rather than abandon their duty as, Guardians, to protect Elandyss.
Indeed, it WAS the duty of all Guardian wyrms to protect the worlds Heartstone from the depredations of those such as the Shadowdragon. The difference lay in their interpretation of how best to go about performing that duty. It was a point of much dispute amongst the remaining Sovereigns and a particularly sore spot for Alamander, as it was he who had made the controversial decision to fully enforce the Tenets some sixty cycles ago, after the Shattering.
He had not wanted the Enclaves to leave. Hed debated heavily with Sovereign Valfarion of Fireclaw, attempting to prevent the schism. Watching Valfarion leave his chambers that day was one of the worst moments of his long life. Regardless, he could not revoke the Tenets. They were necessary, more than ever, albeit not in the spirit that they had been intended.
The Tenets had been meant to prevent the war. They'd failed. Now they had become a shield; one that Alamander dared not relenquish. And he was not the only one.
To his right sat the five other Sovereigns of the mist dragon Enclaves, the silver scales on their sinuous bodies casting rainbow reflections on the vast carved reliefs of humans and dragons that adorned the walls behind them.
Selevaniera, the female Sovereign of Enclave Skyclaw, was nearly as old as Alamander and a trusted supporter. Even tempered and wise, she was well-respected amongst the other Sovereigns and was a close second choice for Speaker.
The slightly younger Verifaxim of Silverscale, Helifex of Thunderwing and Rhekathon of Cloudreaver were far more conservative in their views toward humanity and the Oathbound. Logical and contemplative to a fault, each could be counted on to analyze any given situation in minute detail. Unfortunately, such analysis seldom resulted in definitive action.
Finally, there was Ephevariel, the young Sovereign of Enclave Stormwind, who barely managed to hold her Enclave together due to internal disagreements regarding the Tenets. The battleminded Stormwinds held a long tradition of bonding with dragonknights in centuries past, before the Tenets were put into place, and there were many among them who thought as the stone dragons did. It was a matter over which Ephevariel herself continued to suffer great emotional conflict, though she did her best to hide it.
Finally, on the far side of the Chamber stood a cluster of five representatives from the marsh dragon Enclaves of the southern continent of Thardas. Their green scales reflected a bluish tint in the bright sun that filtered in from the arched openings just below the Chambers vast domed ceiling, almost one hundred mets above the Chamber floor.
Less disciplined than the other elder wyrms, the marsh dragons huddled together, nudging and prodding one-another as they watched the council proceedings. Small wisps of their toxic breath escaped their lips as they whispered conspiratorially in their harsh language. Even from across the chamber, Alamander could detect the scent of brackish water, mud and acrid fumes.
Marsh dragon politics were crude at best, amounting to little more than physical battles for superiority. Alamander had difficulty dealing with their seemingly constant changes in leadership. He did not even know the names of the current group of representatives, as they were all new, except for one; Skeravix, Sovereign of the marsh dragon Enclave of eastern Thardas.
Impressively, Skeravix had now held his position as head of his Enclave for almost one hundred and twenty cycles. His many scars, including a distinctive one that ran across his entire face, implied that hed successfully defended that position many times during his tenure. Perhaps more interesting, though, was the fact that the other marsh dragon elders appeared to defer to Skeravix as well, seemingly content to let him do the talking. That was something altogether new and called for careful observation.
While the marsh dragons might be primitive, they were also numerous. Their influence was of significant import, as well as significant consternation to Alamander. 
As Speaker, it was his duty to settle disputes between the Enclaves, specifically as they pertained to dealing with humanity. It was a careful balancing act, and one that had recently become much more difficult to maintain.
The implications and uncertainties of the current situation had ruffled many a scale amongst the Elandian wyrms. Now Alamander would have to smooth those scales before the situation became any more inflamed. Unfortunately, the most ruffled scale of all was currently pacing the Chamber floor, fanning those flames into a potential inferno. 
This, Wyrmweaver, is an abomination! Skeravix thundered, his wings trembling with anger. It must be found and eliminated before it causes irreparable harm!
Skeravixs increasingly long-winded excoriation was becoming tiring, but this situation called for tact, and protocol did allow that Skeravix be allowed to present his case, no matter how long it happened to take. Alamander had never, to his knowledge, suffered what the humans called a headache but he was beginning to understand the concept.
What is easily prevented is often not so easily undone, Alamander said, trying to diffuse the tone of rhetoric. What you propose has risks, and may actually provoke the harm of which you speak.
That seemed to give the belligerent marsh dragon some pause.
How did this happen? Selevaniera asked, directing the question to all in the chamber.
Helifex nodded. I thought we had agreed that there would be no bondings until the matter of the Heartstone was fully understood.
Indeed, Skeravix interjected, facing Alamander indignantly, The Deliberatives rules on this matter are clear. Any Wyrmweaver candidate MUST be assessed by the council, prior to the bonding, and ALL must be in agreement.
I do not recall being present for such an assessment, he hissed, his eyes narrowing.
You need not explain the rules of this council to me, Alamander said sternly. No one here had any knowledge of the event until it occured.
Then WHO was it? Skervarix roared.
Alamander hesitated, unsure what reaction his next words might invoke.
The only possibility is that the bonding was initiated by one of the Oathbound.
Ephevariel dropped her head. Most eyes went to the stone dragon elders.
A Vahjeraat? Skeravix exclaimed, emphasising the word as he sneered at the stone dragons. Well, that explains much.
The comment elicited a level stare and subtle growl from Ganivorax.
Skeravix ignored him and began to pace the floor.
Our northern brethren have long proven to be somewhat soft in their resolve toward the humans, he said, Perhaps that is why they number so greatly amongst our rebellious kin.
He glared at Ganivorax, then turned his back to face the mist dragon delegates. I suppose, then, that we should not be surprised that it was one of their number that committed this act.
With a roar that shocked all in the room, Ganivorax snapped to his feet and took several thunderous strides onto the Chamber floor, pride having overwhelmed his better judgement. The mist and stone dragon Sovereigns retained their outwardly calm demeanor but Alamander could sense their alarm.
The marsh dragons crouched menacingly, hissing and taunting Ganivorax as he towered over their cohort. Skeravix turned around slowly to face Ganivorax, appearing quite unintimidated, despite the fact that the several ton stone dragon towered over him by a clean four mets. He cocked his head quizzically.
You have something to say?
Ganivorax stared down at the smaller wyrm, barely controlling his rage.
Watch your tongue, lest I use it to tie your insufferable mouth SHUT! he growled.
Skeravix snorted. I suppose that this same lack of self-control is what led your kindred to simply hand the greatest power on Elandyss to some unknown and untested human.
Show some respect! Ganivorax roared, Our brother had to give his life to forge that bonding. He would not have done so without worthy cause.
Worthy?" Skeravix nearly laughed. "It is well-known that your kind give undue eminence to the Prophecies of Tem. 
He waved his clawed hand dismissively, Bah! Nothing more than the incoherent ramblings of a Vimtouched human.
Your brother probably thought to bring about the prophecy himself, unilaterally putting our very existence at risk over some puerile fantasy!
Blasphemy! roared Ganivorax, stomping into a fighting stance. His mantle flared like veins of fire glowing from within. Skeravix hissed and backed away, crouching into a defensive position and drawing Vim for a counterattack.
The room drew in a collective breath.
Alamander was about to intervene when Falathaxus suddenly stood up.
GANIVORAX! The roar of the elder stone dragon seemed to reverberate through the very walls of the ancient structure.
This muck-dweller is not worth your fire! he growled, gesturing for Ganivorax to return to his seat, Calm yourself.
The other Sovereigns shifted uncomfortably, their scents a mixture of alarm, excitement and apprehension. Ganivorax and Skeravix stared at one another for a long moment, neither prepared to back down.
Ganivorax! Falathaxus repeated.
Finally, Ganivorax powered down his mantle and backed slowly toward his seat, keeping a wary eye on Skeravix as he withdrew. Skeravix snarled at the stone dragon one last time, cementing what, in his mind, was a victory of wills.
The tension in the room slowly seemed to subside.
Helifex broke the silence. Perhaps banishment was a mistake, he suggested. It seems we merely gave them additional incentive to defy the very Tenets over which they rebelled.
It is not a rebellion, Ephevariel said. They merely do what they believe to be right.
Helifex looked at her. And do YOU believe that they are right, in light of events? There was a slight accusatory tone to his words.
Ephevariel diminished a bit. Of course not. The Tenets are necessary.
Helifex continued. At any rate, a more severe punishment might have been a greater deterrent.
More severe? Selevaneira looked at him incredulously. What are you suggesting--that we should have exterminated them?
I do not suggest that it could have actually been accomplished, only that it would have prevented the current crisis.
Perhaps, perhaps not, Selevaneira scoffed, her head held high. And it would merely have left us right as we are, lessened in number and with the Imperium upon our very doorstep.
It is a pointless notion, in any case, she added. Fighting amongst ourselves serves no purpose and is precisely what the Shadowdragon desires.
No one seemed anxious to debate the second oldest among them.
Selavaniera turned to Alamander. Has there been any word from the Concordiat? she asked, changing the subject.
None, Alamander said with a air of disappointment. It would appear that, for the time being, we are on our own.
That seemed to cool the room a bit.
The Imperiums attack on Elandyss, a nexus world, had put a great many other worlds in danger. Many amongst the Guardians had hoped that their brethren on those worlds might send aid. For many cycles the clairaudiants of Enclave Starwatcher had tried to contact those allies, thus far to no avail.
What do the Augurs say? Rhakevelon directed the question at Verifaxim, whos Enclave of Silverscale boasted the most powerful Augur bloodlines.
Verifaxim shook his head. Too many threads. Too many possibilities.
But all agree that the threads converge toward a great event, beyond which they cannot see, Helifex added, his own Enclave also possessing a number of talented foretellers.
What do you mean, cannot see? How is that possible? Ephevariel asked.
We do not know, Verifaxim said. Scrying has become increasingly unreliable since the Shattering.
Skeravix snorted loudly. Obviously so, as it appears that your vaunted Augurs managed to completely miss the formation of a Wyrmweaver, of all things, just as they missed the Shattering itself!
"Or had you forgotten that? he snarled.
Alamander shot a cool glare at Skeravix, a warning that his remarks were not helpful. Enclave Starwatchers clairaudiants had encountered similar difficulties in communicating via the Flow. The issue was a sensitive one to many dragons.
Verifaxim sighed and looked at the floor. Most of the greatest dragon seers hailed from the ranks of Silverclaw, a fact that was a strong source of pride for the Enclave. They considered their failure to foresee the Shattering as the Enclaves greatest shame.
Helifex stepped forward.
The humans have an unusual effect on the Flow, he explained, Their actions often twist the threads, creating knots, the outcomes of which are difficult to predict.
The human Tem saw the signs, Ganivorax injected, drawing uncomfortable glances from several members, both from the mention of the controversial human seer and the possibility that the comment might spark another conflict with the marsh dragons.
Falathaxus whispered something to Ganivorax and the younger dragon backed down.
Verifaxim remained plaintive. It is possible that we may no longer be able to rely on the Augurs for help regarding this matter.
A few moments of silence followed as the members absorbed this information. The Deliberative had always benefited from the Augurs foretellings when making decisions. The notion of losing that advantage sparked a note of fear, a feeling the mighty wyrms were unaccustomed to.
Alamander turned to the stone dragon Sovereigns. What is the condition of the Heartstone?
Unchanged, Falathaxus replied. The elementals report that the crack is not healing.
Ephevariel stepped forward. Will it repair itself? Her tone evinced the scent of concern by many in the room.
Possibly, Falathaxus said, But unlikely, as long as the war continues.
There was another thoughtful pause.
And what will happen if the Wyrmweaver taps the Stone? Selevaniera said, finally daring to voice the question haunting all minds in the room.
The stone dragons glanced at eachother but seemed to have no answer.
There is no way to know, Alamander finally said.
So what are we to do then, Alamander? Skeravixs blatant omission of Alamanders title was an intentional slight; an attempt to appear his equal.
Alamander chose to ignore it, this time.
The situation calls for caution, he said. The Wyrmweaver must be found and brought before us, willingly if possible. We will assess his or her potential before passing any judgements. Perhaps there is something yet to be salvaged from this turn of events.
Skeravix spat an ancient draconic curse as he spun away and stalked toward the rest of the marsh dragon delegation. Before he reached them he turned back to face Alamander, glancing around to take in the entire assembly.
Lest you forget, Alamander, you toy with all of our destinies. Your faith in the humans is misplaced, though you refuse to see it. My responsibility lies with the survival of my Enclave and those of my kin.
Alamander shot up to his full height, sending dozens of heated stones cascading onto the chamber floor and eliciting startled gasps from several of the other mist dragon elders. He loomed over the assembly and even the massive stone dragons seemed smaller by comparison.
Your responsibility lies with Elandyss, Guardian, lest YOU forget! he roared.
Skeravix eyed Alamander cooly for a moment then gave a dismissive snort. Perhaps it is time to look after our own kind. There are those who would still see us as Gods among these lesser creatures.
The implication was clear. It was, of course, one of Alamanders greatest fears: the possibility that the marsh dragon Enclaves could join the Imperium. He could not allow it, no matter the cost, and he was not without some degree of leverage.
Despite their arrogance and penchant for bluster, marsh dragons were unquestionably aware of their inferiority to the other Elandian wyrms. One for one, a mist or stone dragon could easily best a marsh dragon in either physical or channeling ability. Despite this, the Elandian wyrms had always treated the marsh dragons as equals. It was doubtful that the Netherdragon lords of the Imperium, who deferred only to superior strength, would offer them the same respect.
You are mistaken to expect that the Shadowdragon will accept you as equals. He will make you thralls like all the others and you will be forced to wallow in the meager scraps from his empire even as you are forced to fight his wars for him.
Would you commit your Enclave and kin to servitude?
Skeravix held his ground but there was a hint of doubt in his scent. He seemed unwilling to push further, at least for now.
Alamander had asserted himself, and in doing so, bought some time. It might not work next time.
He had little time and limited bargaining power with the marsh dragons Enclaves. He could play on their uncertainty for awhile but he had to show respect for Skeravixs position if he wished to stay their hand for long. He would have thought dragonkind to have risen above petty political squabbling by now. In some ways, they were little better than humans in that regard.
We will ascertain the worthiness of this Wyrmweaver and then decide how best to proceed, he reiterated, being sure to leave the outcome in question. Objections?
There was a long, uncomfortable pause as the elder wyrms considered their options, which were decidedly few.
Finally, Selevaniera broke the silence.
The Enclave of Sky Claw concurs with the Speaker, she announced, head held high.
It was little surprise to Alamander that she would support his motion. She was probably the most open-minded of the mist dragon Sovereigns. Still, he was thankful that the first vote had been a positive one.
The Enclave of Deepstone concurs, announced Falathaxus. Again, the stone dragons were an easy vote.
The Enclave of Thunderwing abstains, declared Helifex. The highly conservative and logical mist dragon Sovereign had always been the cautious sort.
One by one, the rest of the stone and mist dragon Sovereigns concurred in turn, with two more abstentions. Still enough to pass the motion, should the marsh dragons not attempt to stymie the vote.
Alamander looked at Skeravix and cocked his head.
Skeravix looked back to the other marsh dragon Sovereigns momentarily then turned back to Alamander.
The Thardas Enclaves concur-- he snarled, --for now.
Alamander glanced past Skeravix to the other marsh dragons. They did not appear inclined to speak so he looked back to Skeravix.
You speak for the whole of Thardas?
Skeravix sneered but did not answer.
Very well, Alamander said and stepped clear of his seat, subtly working the stiffness from his joints as he stepped onto the Chamber floor There is little more to be accomplished here. Return to your Enclaves and inform them of the situation. 
"Observe the Tenets, he added. It is more critical now than ever before.
The last part was directed mostly at the stone dragons but Alamander was careful to sweep his gaze over the entire gathering.
Slowly, the ancient dragons rose and began to depart the Chamber, filing through the massive eastern doors, flanked on either side by armored, stone dragon Sentinels, who bowed with their heads nearly touching the floor.
The business of the Deliberative was done for now, but there remained one thing for Alamander to do. There was someone he needed to speak to; something he needed to know in order to put his mind at some semblance of ease.
He watched the other Sovereigns leave, all the while wondering how their Enclaves would react. Was the war finally upon them now? Would he, at last, be forced to make that fateful decision? And to where would that fork in fates path lead them?
Dragons were not typically given to prayer. Having once been worshipped as a god oneself made it difficult to believe in the veracity of such things. Yet Alamander found himself mentally voicing a simple prayer. If there WAS some force in the universe that acted on behalf of righteousness, Alamander prayed that this Wyrmweaver truly was the paragon of legend--the prophesied savior of Elandis.
Otherwise, his coming would most likely be a portent of doom--for all of them.


NINE

Midday, 5 Luun, 1396
The Assemblage, South Concourse

The South Concourse. 
The name, while accurate, did not truly do justice to the monumental structure. One of three such bridges from the Assemblage proper to its various outlying structures on the nearby peaks, the well-travelled South Concourse linked to the Narthex, or Travelling Hall, where gateway transit to and from the acropolis was directed.
Hardly a mere hallway, the Concourse was a fifty met wide, three hundred met long fully enclosed stone bridge spanning a deep cleft in the mountain. 
Multi-story windows lined both sides of the corridor, providing light and, on clear days, a spectacular view of the mountains. Between the massive pillars that held up the vaulted ceiling grew actual live trees, their roots fed by elaborate, magically-assisted irrigation systems which also fed several fountains and pools situated along the walk. The air inside was always comfortable and fresh, despite the cold, high-altitude air outside. 
At night, magical globes would dimly illuminate the interior of the structure, reflecting off the polished stone floor while the massive windows offered a stunning view of the night sky. 
Of the many architectural wonders of the Assemblage, the Concourse was a popular favorite amongst visitors, greeting them on arrival and serving as a place to escape the pressures of business or to simply relax and enjoy the view. For most, the mention of the Assemblage brought the image of the South Concourse to mind.
However, as with much of the Assemblage, disguised behind the beautiful aesthetic design of the Concourse was a more practical purpose. As the only direct access to the Assemblage from the Narthex, the Concourse served a vital defensive role. 
At both ends, and at intervals of fifty mets were massive, magically-reinforced stone doors. Over two mets thick and warded by powerful reinforcement weaves, the doors could be closed and sealed in the event of a breach of the Hall, creating a formidable barrier to an invading enemy. 
As a final resort, the entire bridge could be collapsed to deny an enemy access to the Assemblage proper. It was a feat of engineering unmatched since ancient times.
Alliele had walked this gallery countless times, having always taken it for granted as she weaved her way through the throngs of workers, visitors and servants moving about their business. Times had certainly changed.
Today, her slippered feet made practically no sound as she glided across the massive, polished-marble flagstones. Only the faint footsteps of her companions echoed in the empty hall as she and her small retinue set a quick pace toward the Travelling Hall.
Boots would be more practical, of course, and she would have to change to them before she and her entourage left the Assemblage for Citadel Warrn. Afterall, silk slippers simply would not do on such rocky terrain. 
But which ones to wear? she wondered. Her Calandran leather travel boots would be the most practical but they were so difficult to coordinate. Perhaps her Salceian riding boots?
It struck her as an odd thing to be pondering, there being so many other matters of greater importance with which to be concerned. But it was good to let your mind wander to simple things from time to time, was it not? After all, one could not be expected to constantly fret over the problems of an entire world without eventually going mad, and certainly not if wearing improper shoes!
It was one of many lessons shed learned from her time among humans that her fellow dragons might do well to learn. Humans could be full of wisdom when one kept a keen ear and an open mind.
Perhaps that was why, unlike most of her mist dragon kin, shed never felt uncomfortable in human form. She could relate to humans in a way that others of her kind seemed incapable, or unwilling, and she enjoyed her time masquerading as one of them.
Allieles human body, created through complicated transformative and illusion magics, bore several physical hints of her draconic self: slender build, long silvery blonde hair, alabaster skin, bright blue eyes the color of the open sky, and narrow features. Exotic, fair, and even beautiful were terms shed often heard uttered regarding her looks. It was a bit embarrassing, but she had to admit that she rather enjoyed the compliments. 
Many a human noblewoman had tried in vain to glean Allieles age-defying secret. Imagine the look on their faces if she told them she was four hundred cycles old!
Of course, she could choose to appear in any semblance she liked. She had, in fact, sported many differing guises over the centuries, as suited her needs. But, of all of them, Lady Alliele of Ardmont was certainly her favorite and the one in which she spent the majority of her time.
Besides, the illusionary spells were difficult enough to maintain as they were. Per the basic laws of magic, the strain of the weaving was tied directly to the degree of change required. Thus, keeping some subtle aspects of her true form actually made the complex spellforms a bit easier.
Allieles clutchmates had long derided her fascination with humans and, in their words, excessive time spent in frail human form. True, the human form may not be as robust or awe-inspiring as that of a dragon, but she found that it had a certain grace, once one became accustomed to it. But it was the clothing... oh, how she loved the feeling of soft silk and lace against her skin. It fascinated her how humankind had turned the need to protect their fragile forms into such a wonderful means of expression.
Her current attire consisted of a light blue dress hemmed with a small amount of white lace and bearing dark-blue flower embroidery about the bodice. Conservative, yet appropriate for a human noble of her apparent social rank. Of course, she could simply swathe herself in illusionary clothing of any type or style she wished, but she preferred the feel of the real thing whenever possible. It was certainly worth the minor inconvenience of having to store the articles for travel. 
But it was not just her interest in humans and their attire that led her to spend so much time and effort imitating their appearance. It was crucial to her ability to work amongst them. The Tenets forbade all but the most essential contact with humans and then under only stringent restrictions, discretion being foremost among them.
The days when one of her kind could interract with humans openly and in earnest had passed long before she left the egg.
Of course, there were some humans who could be trusted to know her true nature. Master Phaedaan of the Order of Balthas, for one. Shed been his liaison to the Deliberative for a great many cycles, advising him on potential Wyrmweaver candidates and helping him present them for assessment. 
And there were others; a handful of purist channelers she tutored in magic and a few trusted members of her informant network. 
Still, the vast majority of humans she interacted with hadnt the slightest notion that a four hundred cycle old dragon was in their midst and would have been considerably less amiable had they known. 
Alliele was too young to remember a time when humans worshipped her kind and, in turn, the dragons mentored the younger species toward an enlightened future. She imagined that it must have been a wonderful time, indeed.
Ahead of her marched the ever-brooding Dagnard, the Deepstone Enclave appointee to her troupe, his hefty battle-maul clasped tightly in his tattooed fists. Dagnard, the name of a fictitious warrior-hero, was an interesting and fitting choice for the stone dragons human guise. He claimed to have picked it at random from an old book of human tales hed found in the Assemblage library, but Alliele suspected that he had a greater affection for the name than he let on.
Just over two mets tall and built like a Valdoran ox, he was almost as imposing a human as in his native form. His black hair was tied into thin braids that hung down his broad back and his dark, deep-set eyes gleamed with an intensity indicative of his fiery elemental affinity. 
Few would choose to tangle with the burly warrior and those who had almost invariably regretted the decision afterward.
Never particularly comfortable in human form, Dagnard usually remained quiet and observant, always ready to protect his lady from harm. Honestly, she didnt really need his protection, being quite capable of defending herself. But in the eyes of humans, it would seem rather strange for a female noble to travel about lacking a personal guard of some sort and the bellicose stone dragon took the fictitious role quite seriously.
Taking up the rear was the tall and slender Astaban. Strikingly handsome in his human guise with chiseled features and long black hair, the mist dragon seemed to enjoy his role as Allieles assistant and was seldom without a smile.
He was older than her by only a hundred cycles and shared her youthful optimism and fascination with humans, although Alliele suspected it was more to alleviate boredom than out of any genuine academic curiosity.
Astaban had always found her personal mission a bit amusing and tended to treat her more like an impetuous little sister who needed to be kept watch over than an intellectual colleague. More often, however, it was she who ended up rescuing him from some misadventure borne of his own curiosity. Annoying as that could be, Alliele found a certain charm in his somewhat naive optimism and enjoyed having him along, if only for the company of one of her own kind.
Immediately behind Alliele followed her handmaid, Abbigail, which everyone affectionately called Abby. 
Slender and unassuming with short dark hair and large brown eyes, the fourteen cycle-old girl was the only true human in Allieles entourage. Orphaned at the age of seven, little Abby had been abandoned to the streets of the Calandran citystate of Breven, begging and stealing to survive. 
Alliele had never been able to work out much of Abbys history beyond that her parents had been TLanthan refugees. Why theyd abandoned the girl, or whether they were even still alive, was a mystery. 
Abby and Alliele had crossed paths some four cycles ago when the girl had made the mistake of attempting to pick Astabans pocket in Brevens market. 
Rather than hand Abby to the authorities, who would have merely tossed her back on the street, Alliele had taken pity on her, offering her the opportunity to work as her servant to make amends. It turned out to be a fortuitous decision.
Abby had been a quick study in the arts of noble service, despite her rough origins, and she proved to have a strong heart. When Alliele finally revealed her true identity, the girl had been completely unfazed. Eventually, the two had become close, almost mother and daughter. 
Little Abby had since proven her worth on countless occasions. Her observant nature and ability to meld into the background made her a natural at gathering information and her keen eyes and ears missed very little. 
Her position as Allieles handmaid often put her in contact with the servants of human noble houses where rumors and scuttlebutt often proved more accurate than official facts. 
She enjoyed her duties and took particular glee in regaling Alliele with the often sordid details gleaned from the loose-tongued house staffers, although she had to be mindful to stick to the facts, as they were, and not embellish them. She usually didnt have a need to.
A patrol of two stone dragon Sentinels approached from the opposite direction, the impact of their footfalls shaking the floor and echoing off the towering, empty walls. Each was clad in the dark-blue and silver armor of their Order, and carried a ten-met long RuneGlaive. The armor and weapon were purely ceremonial, as a stone dragon's mantle was their primary means of defense in battle.
Sentinels were a fairly common sight in the Assemblage. All too often taken for granted, their prowess was, in truth, no small part of the reason that no enemy, including even the mighty Imperium, had yet dared lay siege to the Assemblage.
Alliele and her troupe moved aside to give the massive creatures space. As the Sentinels approached, the closer of the two eyed her group carefully, then nodded respectfully as they passed by.
He may have recognized them by sight but, more likely, hed sensed their draconic auras. While illusion spells could alter outward appearances, they could not completely obscure ones true aura at such close range from those who were attentive to such things.
Sentinel dragons would constantly be on the lookout for infiltrators using such magics. Fortunately, Alliele and her companions were well-known in the Assemblage, allowing them to avoid many of the typical delays associated with the structures high security.
In centuries past, humans would have also been counted among the Sentinels, serving alongside their dragon companions in defense of the symbol of the ancient alliance between men and dragonkind. But that time ended long ago. 
Alliele's memory, despite being exceptionally good, contained only hazy and half-remembered images of humans walking the halls of the Assemblage in great numbers. It seemed to make the vacant feel of the Assemblage seem all the more desolate, like an empty home waiting patiently for its children to return.
Alliele had now lived nearly eight human lifetimes and shed seen and learned much about them, both good and bad, over that time. 
Of all she had learned, the thing she found most amazing about humans was their insatiable zest for life. In the great span of time, the dragons existence was slow-burning ember, enduring but seldom drawing notice. Human lives, by contrast, were supernovas against a vast sky of dim stars. So much potential and so short a time to realize it. If only they could be made to realize their effect on the greater universe.
Admittedly, they were impetuous, unpredictable and even destructive at times. Much like children testing their boundaries, they tried desperately to claim their place amongst greater beings, and not always with success. Their history was riddled with examples of such overreaching, occasionally resulting in consequences far beyond their comprehension. 
Such was the case with the Shattering. 
But, as devastating as that event may have been, the true disaster lay not in the damaging of the HeartStone, but in their having drawn the attention of the Imperium long before they were prepared. Now they were paying a terrible price for their lack of awareness of that potential consequence--a lack of awareness that, perhaps, might have been prevented, were it not for the Tenets.
Alliele had heard about the earlier events on the Chamber floor. Two Sovereigns nearly coming to physical blows was not a rumor that could be easily contained, despite the secretive nature of the Deliberatives council sessions.
Like many of her kind, no doubt, shed recieved the news with mixed feelings. The attitude of the marsh dragons regarding humanity had always been problematic and seemed to only be getting worse. They asserted that humankind was a destructive blight to the orderly nature of the universe and rightly deserved their fate at the hands of the Imperium. Tensions with the Southern Enclaves over the matter threatened the delicate balance the other members of the Deliberative so desperately tried to maintain. 
But the fact that a stone dragon Sovereign was willing to stand in defense of the Wyrmweaver, even indirectly, was encouraging.
Unfortunately, some of the Guardian wyrms still held a view similar to that of Skeravix while others chose to take a wait and see approach. The end result was always the same: much talk and no action.
But while the Sovereigns might be content to sit by and watch the humans suffer for their mistakes, Alliele was not. And she was not alone. The Oathbound still saw it as their duty to protect humanity, despite its flaws, and despite the protestations of the Deliberative. 
Secretly, Alliele had used her contacts amongst humans to aid her Oathbound brethren in their efforts, providing information and even manipulating events to suit their objectives to a degree. She was not the only one, of course, but her position provided her with many advantages, as well as greatly increased risk should her efforts be discovered.
Through her mentor, Alamander, she had limited access to the Sovereigns, even occasionally sitting in on council sessions when they wanted information regarding the human perspective of events. Shed tried to use those opportunities to help forment a more positive outlook toward humanity, always careful not to appear too sympathetic. 
Despite the obstacles, shed made what she believed to be progress, particularly with the more open-minded members such as Sovereigns Selavaneira and Falathaxus. If she could only sway them to act on humanitys behalf.
Well, THAT was not going to happen with the likes of Skeravix trying to convince them that the humans were a threat. 
Alliele suddenly realized that she was stomping down the corridor and consciously slowed her pace. Anger would not serve her purpose. 
The appearance of a Wyrmweaver had changed everything. Somehow, she needed to ensure that it was used to advantage. Unfortunately, she was, as yet, still uncertain how to do so.
There were so many unknowns, so many questions. Not since Sir Thurgard Balthas vin Vehlmet had a Wyrmweaver been bonded without the Deliberatives approval. 
And then there was the HeartStone; damaged and unstable. To think that an unknown and untested human Shard now had more power than any dragon, and that power might somehow be flawed, was frightening. 
But should this Wyrmweaver, whomever it was, live up to the challenge, the rewards could be incalculable. Even Alamander had finally conceded as much.
Alamander Alliele was still unsure what to make of the Speaker, her aged friend.
She had spent countless cycles learning to read the subtleties of human behavior and manipulate it to suit her purposes, and yet her own race so often confounded her. 
Her mind was still reeling over their most recent meeting.
***
Almander entered his private chambers, his gait slow and heavy. Alliele, in her human form, followed him in, politely waiting for him to make himself comfortable.
It took him a few moments to get settled. His old bones were finally beginning to succumb to the passing of ages. A dragon had to be old indeed to even begin to show the effects of age, and Alamander was certainly showing it.
The chamber was dim except for a small glass globe no bigger than a large melon, which shone with images of a bright blue sky laced with white clouds. Alliele felt herself drawn to it.
I see in your eyes a longing for the sky, Alamander said.
Alliele turned her gaze to him, a bit embarrassed. It is beautiful, that is all. Where did you acquire it?
Thaleus Oberne, then Lord Marshal of the Order of Balthas, had it forged for me by his master artificer nearly twelve centuries ago. I find that it reminds me of home, and the open sky.
"I spend so much time here these days, he said with a note of sadness. It would be nice to fly more often, to feel the cool air on my scales, the sun warming my wings. 
He looked at her more intently.
You know that there is no wrong in acknowledging your heritage.
Alliele glanced down at her body and blushed slightly.
My work is important, Alamander.
Yes," he sighed. "but it is unfortunate...
Unfortunate? Alliele interrupted, Our survival hinges upon the humans. Surely, you are able to see that. We must do all that we can to reforge the bonds of trust between our species.
Unfortunate that you have had to spend your life in such efforts, he said, Things might have been different had those bonds remained intact.
The humans have a saying, Alamander. There is no sense in crying over spilled milk. It is a concept we dragons would do well to learn, Alliele said. We helped to create this mess. Our only options now are to attempt to clean it up or sit by and watch as it continues to spoil.
And spoil it has, Alamander said, This Wyrmweaver situation has the council in an uproar. Dragons--Sovereigns, no less--threatening one another on the Chamber floor. 
He shook his head. Our forebears rose above such physical squabbles millennia ago, or so it was thought. Our world changes and these internal conflicts are... inconvenient.
Change and conflict are inevitable, Alamander.
We cannot afford this chaos. Not now. If the Shadowdragon were to gain control of Elandyss... a nexus world would put vast stretches of the cosmos within his grasp. Such cannot be permitted.
And yet you have not lifted a claw to prevent it, Alliele blurted out, her passion getting the better of her manners. She almost regretted being so blunt. Almost.
What would you have me do? March off to war as the Oathbound did?" Alamander asked.
Not necessarily," she replied, "But it is time we did something. 
Alamander snorted in amusement.
Your youthful fire is enviable, Alliele; however, you are still naive regarding some things. It is our neutrality that keeps us safe--buys us time. The Shadowdragon waits to see what we will do; to see whether or not we will throw in our lot with the humans. 
If we join the war now, the Imperium will stop at nothing to hunt us down. 
You, more than most, know how humans feel about us. What if they were to rebuke our aid? We would be forced to fight alone and our numbers are too few to survive.
"You do not give the humans enough credit, Alamander," Alliele said, "There are many among them who would welcome us."
Alamander took a long thoughtful breath. "Perhaps. But now the Shadowdragon tempts Skeravix and the other marsh dragon Sovereigns with promises of power, attempting to draw them into his fold or, at the least, forment dissension within our ranks. Skeravixs earlier display is proof that he is near to succeeding.
Never before would the Thardas Enclaves so brazenly suggest the notion of betraying the other Guardians. Skeravix is becoming bolder and his hatred for the humans is strong. Worse yet, the other marsh dragons seem willing to follow his lead.
Alliele nodded.
He blames them for the Shattering, she said, But what else could we expect? We gave the humans a mere glimpse of the light then abandoned them to darkness out of fear of what they might do with it.
Many mistakes were made, on both sides, Alamander said, turning away.
Perhaps, Alliele conceded, But it is done. So we must finish what we began. It is our responsibility, Alamander.
The humans cannot be trusted! he roared as he whirled back to face her.
Alliele reflexively stepped back, startled by his sudden and uncharacteristic outburst.
Alamander took a breath and continued more calmly.
The Shattering was proof enough. They only know destruction, Alliele. Any knowledge we give them will only be used to that end.
You cannot believe that, Alliele said, stepping forward. The light from the sky globe illuminated the worried lines of her face.
Alamander looked away.
I wish it were not so, he said, But history has shown us as much. We cannot risk another such mistake.
"We cannot lay the blame for what has happened solely at their feet," Alliele said. "To do so is to deny our own culpability.
Are we not Guardians? she asked. The humans are fighting for their world, Alamander, OUR world, and they do not even comprehend the ramifications of this war. To them, it is nothing more than survival.
For us to stand by and do nothing is to condemn them to death or slavery. We are shamed by our inaction.
Alamander turned away and curled up to face the wall at the back of the chamber. 
Alliele stared at his back for several minutes, watching the ancient wyrm breath slowly. She could almost sense his burden like an invisible weight that lay over him, sapping his strength. 
She did not envy the position he was in but her opinion on the matter was settled. There was little else she could say. It was obvious that the Sovereigns were not going to join the war anytime soon, if at all. But there were still the Oathbound. Perhaps they would be enough.
Alamanders silence continued. Had he fallen asleep? Alliele began to wonder if she should just take her leave even though it would be rude to exit without his excusing her. She had just begun to step back toward the door when he suddenly spoke.
The Tenets were intended to prevent this war, he said, his voice tired. I though that if I could just keep the marsh dragons from fighting the humans, that maybe... he sighed dejectedly. 
I am old... yet wisdom in this matter eludes me, he paused, still staring of into the darkness.
You are not naive, Alliele. Forgive me for calling you so.
Alamander... 
I need you to do a task for me, he said.
Of course. Anything, she replied.
The Order of Balthas possesses a means to find the Wyrmweaver.
Alliele looked pensive. The Auraeometer.
Yes. Go to Warrn and retrieve it. Tell Phaedaan that you act on my authority.
You want me to find the Wyrmweaver, Alliele said, swallowing her anxiety. This could be the very opportunity shed been hoping for, if only she could find a way to use it.
Your contacts and experience will be useful. I cannot think of anyone better suited to the task, he said. Bring the Wyrmweaver before the Deliberative. Use whatever means necessary but avoid force at all costs.
What do you intend to do? Alliele said, suddenly worried.
Do not concern yourself with that, he said. A cryptic response, typical of her mentor.
Alliele was tempted to press the matter. She had no intentions of delivering the Wyrmweaver to a summary execution. She began to speak but Alamander cut her off.
However, he added, letting out another long, exhausted breath. If we ARE to reforge the old bonds, then I will see to it that, for our part, the iron is hot and ready.
I leave the rest to you. Do not delay for I fear that time no longer favors us.
Alliele gave a small curtsey and turned around, heading toward the small human-sized door to the left of the massive exit. She began to turn the handle.
Aregana Het Lan, Ketiriala, Alamander whispered. 
Alliele stopped.
Aregana Het Lan--Honor Eternal--an ancient valediction once used by the Knights Protectorate, the last true order of dragonknights, which had not existed for centuries. Inconspicuous to all but the most astute listeners, the rarely-used expression was employed as innuendo of sorts by members of the Oathbound to identify one another.
But Alamander was not
Allieles heart pounded and her face flushed. 
He knew! How? 
True, shed defended humanity in debate, often passionately, but that was not necessarily incriminating. Had she done something else to reveal herself.
And, if he did know, why had he allowed her to remain at the Assemblage--even attend Sovereign council meetings? Her mind raced. Surely Alamander wouldnt send a suspected Oathbound on this mission. Would he?
Breathless, she looked back at him. In the pale light of the sky globe she could make out his face staring intently at her.
Her first inclination was to feign ignorance, or perhaps pretend she hadnt heard correctly. She began to speak but Alamander shook his head.
Say nothing, he said, his lips forming what, for a dragon, passed as a smile. He curled his neck back around to face away from her and rested his head on the floor.
***
It had taken some time for Allieles hands to stop trembling after that meeting. Gradually, she'd begun to feel as though shed discarded a burden that she hadnt even realized she was carrying. Might that have been Alamanders intent?
Another possibility occured to her and she suddenly began to think that shed underestimated her mentor, perhaps for a very long time. She smiled.
No, my friend... she thought, wisdom has not eluded you at all.
As her troupe neared the Narthex, Allieles attention was drawn to a colossal stone dragon entering the Concourse up ahead. This one was not wearing armor, but was fully bedecked in an impressive lattice of battle runes.
Judging by his massive size and the dizzying complexity of his mantle, this dragon was extremely old, probably over a thousand cycles, perhaps more. He moved with a purpose, heading toward the Assemblage. Alliele could smell the cool odor of rock on him. He must have just arrived via earthdiving.
Earthdiving both intrigued and terrified Alliele. Even if she had the ability she doubted she could never actually do it. The notion of being immersed in stone invoked an overwhelming sensation of suffocation and she found herself holding her breath just thinking of it.
She suddenly recognized this dragon--Veritaxus, one of three stone dragons who, by order of the Deliberative, kept watch over the Auraeometer at Citadel Warrn. Shed met him once before, only briefly, while visiting the citadel many cycles ago. 
A sudden feeling of anxiety washed over her.
What was he doing here?
He noticed her party and changed course to meet them.
Alliele motioned for her group to stop as Veritaxus approached. There was an urgency in his demeanor and, for a moment, Alliele's heart skipped at the thought that he might have information regarding the Wyrmweaver. She tried to suppress the feeling. Best not to hope too much.
The dragon knelt down beside her, lowered his massive head and spoke in his deep, gravelly native tongue, the timeless language of the elementals. 
Even at a whisper, the dragons rumbling voice rattled the nearby windows and Alleile could feel the words more than hear them. She knew the language, of course, but shed become so accustomed to using human tongues in recent decades that she found herself having to concentrate to pick out the nuances of his speech. She grimaced slightly, admonishing herself for allowing her native skills to wane so.
I bring news from Hidaan Tahg, Observer, he said.
Alliele was somewhat surprised by his use of the title. Observer was an ancient reference to dragons who secretly intermingled with humans in the earliest days of the humans awakening to magic. The name was seldom heard in modern times. This dragon must be old indeed to use such formalities, a fact that made Alliele feel all the more honored by the reference.
Veritaxus continued. WarrnMaster Phaedaan has dispatched a rider in search of the Wyrmweaver.
This information came as little surprise. Phaedaan would have certainly read the signs of the emergence and dispatched search parties. Alliele would have been more surprised had he not. But Veritaxus would not have left his post to deliver so obvious a missive. There must be more. 
Only one? she inquired.
Veritaxus continued in quieter tones. He carries the Auraeometer.
Allieles eyes went wide before she could suppress her alarm. 
You are certain of this? You saw it? she asked.
I heard it, he rumbled, Its call was unmistakeable. There is no doubt.
Of course, there wouldnt be. Stone dragons, being naturally attuned to the earth, were extraordinarily sensitive to the crystalline harmonics of Vimstones such as the one at the core of the Auraeometer. 
To them, each 'stone had its own voice, unique from all others. This was why stone dragons had always been assigned to watch over the Auraeometer since its forging, both overtly and, particularly in more recent decades, in secret. Their duty had been to protect the Auraeometer from potential misuse or theft. 
This situation had clearly fallen outside the bounds of their instructions and Veritaxus presence here rather than in pursuit of the Auraeometer implied a sense of confusion amongst the watchers.
Alliele felt a stab of annoyance that an event of such monumental opportunity could so quickly become tainted by uncertainty. Humans could be astonishingly unpredictable at times. 
She took a breath and composed herself, nodding her head as she digested this unexpected turn of events. Phaedaan was wise, as humans generally went, and she was inclined to trust his judgement. Still, to allow the Auraeometer to leave the citadel, even in the hands of a dragon knight, was a dangerous and nigh-unthinkable risk. If the Deliberative were to hear of this it would cause a panic. She could already imagine Skeravix using it to his advantage.
The Order of Balthas had been entrusted with the Auraeometer for several generations but even the Orders leadership were never permitted the knowledge of precisely HOW the Auraeometer functioned. They were only aware that it could be used to detect potential Wyrmweaver candidates. 
In truth, the Auraeometer could detect ANY Shard, those humans whose auras almost perfectly matched that of the Heartstone itself. But now that a Wyrmweaver had emerged, the Auraeometer would be bound to his or her essence alone. Anyone in possession of it would be able to locate the Wyrmweaver anywhere at any time.
Hidden and protected in the vaults of Citadel Warrn, the Auraeometer had been, more or less, safely beyond the reach of the Imperium. If the Shadowdragon were to obtain it...
Phaedaan MUST have realized that the Sovereigns would send for the Auraeometer, considering the circumstances. But then, perhaps not. 
Phaedaan had, for many cycles, been pressing the Deliberative to select the young noble boy, Nathan Faerwether, as a Wyrmweaver candidate. The lad certainly had potential, more than any other Shard in recent memory. But the Sovereigns had hesitated out of fear of the uncertainties regarding the Heartstone. Phaedaan was never told of their true reasons. 
Could he have misread their motives as aloofness and chosen to take matters into his own hands? She could hardly blame him, but regardles of his intent, allowing such a powerful artifact to leave the Citadel was courting disaster.
Veritaxus must have interpreted Allieles thoughtful silence as disapproval.
The situation was... unusual. I thought the Deliberative should be informed before taking action, he said deprecatingly. "I should have appropriated the artifact.
Alliele was tempted to agree. Having the Auraeometer in hand and being about her mission was certainly an appealing thought. But she was not one to linger on futile wishes.
No, you did the right thing, she said with forced certainty. We must be cautious in dealing with humankind. Such interference might have been seen in a negative light. 
There was truth in that, though it pained her to say it. The irony that, once again, the Sovereigns attempts to protect humanity through deception may have only worsened the situation put a bitter taste in her mouth. 
But perhaps all was not lost. Fate often worked in strange ways and Alliele had made a career of nudging fate to suit her needs. Better to focus on what was, not on what might have been.
Whom did he send? she inquired.
Sir Ryan Gedric of Metessa and his drake, Gantros.
Alliele considered for a moment. Shed never met Sir Ryan but she had made it a personal priority to maintain some level of knowledge on all members of the Order of Balthas, mainly due to the sensitive and vital nature of their mandate. 
Her sources within the Order had mentioned Sir Ryan on occasion. His skill with a blade was well-known but his personal beliefs, particularly regarding the Wyrmweaver legends, were somewhat ambiguous. Phaedaan could have chosen from any number of more experienced and knowledgeable knights. Why this Ryan? She would need more information.
An interesting choice, she nodded, Which direction did they go?
West.
Astaban, who had been listening quietly, spoke up. Toward Imperium territory?
Veritaxus cocked his head slightly in Astabans direction. It appeared so.
Dagnard tensed and tightened the grip on his maul, his expression becoming even more displeased than normal.
Astaban whispered to Alliele. We cannot risk...
Alliele raised a hand to gently cut him off but nodded, acknowledging his concern. She frowned in thought for a moment. She, too, would rather have heard that Ryan had headed southward, deeper into Coalition territory. But there was nothing to say that he would not change direction. In any case, they needed to find him AND the Auraeometer quickly, before something went awry. That meant sacrifices.
Astaban... she said, then hesitated, averting her eyes toward the ground, ...if you would be so kind, we will have need of your scrying talents. 
Scrying, the art of seeing beyond, allowed one to view objects, people and events across great distance, even time. With the proper focus, one could even locate such things to a degree. To accomplish this, one had to attune their mind to the Great Flow, what humans referred to as the Etherum, the river of magical energy that linked time and space throughout the universe.
Under normal circumstances, such a skill was often difficult and strenuous to use. In recent cycles, the Flow around Elandis had become increasingly unstable; full of voids and disruptive harmonics. For dragons, who were highly sensitive to the normally mellifluous nature of the Flow, scrying under these circumstances could be a difficult, even dangerous experience. It pained Alliele to ask her good friend to attempt it, but they simply lacked the time to conduct a physical search.
 Of course, he replied. 
Abby looked up at Astaban with a concerned and puzzled expression, not understanding the particulars but sensing the undertones of the conversation. Astaban rested his hand on her shoulder and gave her a reassuring smile.
Alliele turned back to the Veritaxus.
Please take this news directly to the Speaker. I suggest that you not address it to the council. They would not take it well. 
Truthfully, neither would Alamander but at least he would see the wisdom in discretion. In fairness, he should be informed. The news was bound to get out eventually and it would give him time to plan a response. 
Time--when did dragons become so obsessed with time?
Veritaxus nodded his massive head. 
I understand, Observer. 
With the sound of grinding rock, the massive dragon stood to his full height, looking down at the small humans below. His voice rumbled in common Anglic:
In the deep, the tiniest light banishes the dark. Change comes. The children of the Stone hear the call and our fire stands ready, he said, then turned and departed.
Alliele watched the stone dragon walk away for a moment, contemplating his words.
M lady...?
It was Abby. Cycles of training had done little to suppress the girls thick TLanthan accent.
Alliele looked at the girl, whos face bore contemplative expression. The child was always attentive, questioning everything. Were she a dragon, Abby would have made a fine Observer.
Does he mean that the stone dragons are going to join the war? she asked.
Alliele turned her gaze toward the departing stone dragon. She thought of the rumor regarding Ganivorax and Skeravix in the Chamber. She sighed.
They believe that the emergence of a Wyrmweaver is a sign that the Prophecy of Tem is coming to fulfillment. Some believe that the prophecy indicates that the Guardians will rise to join the humans as allies in the war, Alliele answered.
Abbys brow furrowed in thought. 
But Tem was human. Why would the stone dragons care about a human prophecy? she asked.
Tem of Calahn was a powerful seer, quite possibly even a Shard himself, although we are not certain, Alliele explained, His visions show many clear symmetries with the divinings of our own Augurs, often clarifying events in human terms that the Augurs do not recognize.
The stone dragons feel a special sense of duty to humanity, more so than many of the other Elandian wyrms. Their respect for the humans is strong and, by extension, their prophecies as well.
Whats a Shard? Abby asked, her face twisted in puzzlement.
Alliele thought for a moment. A Shard is a very special person, she said. But we can talk about that another time.
Do you believe Tems Prophecy? Abby asked quickly.
Alliele sometimes wondered if Abby had some innate magical talent for reading people or if it was just cycles of practice and observation. She sighed, and gave the girl a mollifying smile.
The Prophecy suggests many possibilities, she said carefully, At its core is hope for the future and, in that, at least, I choose to believe.
However, just as with all things, discretion is crucial, she added.
Abby pursed her lips in thought, most likely unsatisfied with the vague answer but willing to think on it for the time being. Alliele had no doubt that the topic would come up again.
Astaban cleared his throat.
We should hurry. Every moment we delay, the Auraeometer AND the Wyrmweaver are in danger. 
Dagnard grunted and gave a quick nod of agreement.
Alliele straightened.
Of course.
She looked questioningly at Astaban.
Are you...? she began to say.
I am ready, he said, putting on a show of confidence. Could we find someplace a bit more private though?
Alliele smiled halfheartedly.
Would one of the sitting rooms suffice? she asked.
Astaban nodded and walked past her, saying nothing more. Alliele watched him pass by, doing her best to hide her concern. She followed behind, staring at his back. The great hall suddenly felt much more constrictive to her and even her grand mission seemed less important.
Astaban was being strong for her but, in truth, it was very possible that he could be seriously hurt, even killed, by this scrying attempt. 
Katiriala the Observer would have simply accepted that truth. Lady Alliele of Ardmont would not.


TEN

Midday, 5 Luun, 1396
The Assemblage, Traveling Hall Sitting Room

Abby sat on the stone bench near the door of the sitting room with her knees drawn tightly together, supporting Allieles valise in her lap. Small cushions made the hard, cold bench slightly more comfortable but she would not want to sit here for long if she had any choice.
Across from the door and filling the outer half of the rooms circumference were tall windows, their blue and silver curtains drawn back to reveal the clear blue sky outside and allowing sunlight to gently illuminate the room. A circular wooden table, surrounded by several ornate padded chairs, dominated the center of the chamber. All were ancient, yet perfectly preserved, and would have been worth a nobles fortune anywhere in the Coalition. And this was merely one of scores of such rooms within the Assemblage.
Abby did her best not to fidget, but she kept catching herself twisting up the handles of the bag as she anxiously observed what transpired at the table in the center of the room.
Alliele had suggested that Abby wait with Dagnard, who stood outside the door, keeping anyone from interrupting the proceedings within. But Abby was curious about the scrying ritual and concerned about Astaban so shed elected to stay. Now she found herself wishing that she had heeded Alliele's advice.
Of course, she dared not open the door now for fear of causing distraction. So, instead, she twisted the handles up again, held her breath, and watched.
Alliele sat across the table from Astaban with her hands clasping his. Her practiced stoicism masked her inner anxiety as she watched her good friend and companion slip into the second level of trance, attuning his senses to the Flow. It was the riskiest part of the ritual and Alliele did not take her eyes from him, no matter how difficult it was to watch.
Scryings of this nature were dangerous. Opening ones spirit to the Flow had certain risks. Souls were naturally drawn to the Flow and the scryer had to maintain a high degree of control to avoid the temptation of being pulled in too far. A single lapse in concentration could result in one's essence being wrenched from the body and dispersed in the great sea of energy.
Since time immemorial, dragons with the talent had used such rituals to surf the Flow, observing the threads of fate that connected all that was, is, and could yet be. These Augurs then used the acquired knowledge to formulate the prophecies that guided dragonkind in their decisions regarding all things.
But with the current damage to Elandiss Heartstone, scrying had gone from merely risky to potentially lethal. Perturbations in the Flow made navigating the threads more difficult and voids and surges could disrupt even a skilled Augurs trance, causing a loss of control that could result in madness or death.
Astabans body shuddered and tensed. His face was drenched with sweat and his breathing had quickened. Alliele tightened her grip, attempting to reassure him that he was not alone; to give him some connection back to her and the others.
She felt utterly wretched that she had to ask him to take this risk but she had no other choice. Finding the Auraeometer was of paramount importance and would be nearly impossible without such methods. Had she been able, she would have given anything to take his place.
Astaban suddenly gasped and looked up at the ceiling of the chamber, although his vision was elsewhere. It had been nearly twenty minutes since he first entered the trance in search of the Auraeometer. He had only the vaguest idea of where to look and the longer he stayed in trance the greater the danger. Allieles anxiety increased with every moment.
She could only try to imagine what her friend was seeing as he wandered the Flow. She did not envy him the risk but she could not help but marvel at what it might be like to actually see the great river of energy that bore life throughout the universe. Might that alone be worth the danger?
She nearly jumped as Astaban suddenly looked straight at her, his eyes the intense blue of his native form.
I... I found it, he gasped, a wide smile lighting up his face. Its here.
Where? Alliele whispered.
A city... Astabans eyes darted about, I see, walls, I -AGH!- he winced in pain. His groan turned to a low rumble and his face began to distort. He was losing control. His tranformation weaves were failing.
Alliele tightened her grip. She was tempted to break the trance, force Astaban to give up. She took a breath and tried to calm herself.
Astaban slowly regained control and his form settled.
Im alright, he said, The... Flow is very... disturbed here. One of the human siphon reactors, I think. I just strayed too close.
Alliele leaned in closer. She needed to keep him focused.
The city, Astaban, where is it?
North... West. There are... mountains, to the South, I think. Yes. Definitely South.
Alliele shook her head. It was too vague.
The name. Can you get the name?
I... will... try to... he trailed off, his brow furrowed in concentration. He struggled to speak, swallowing hard. His jaw tightened and his knuckles whitened as his fingers dug at the surface of the table. He held his breath, letting it out in short, ragged gasps.
He leaned forward, putting his head down on her hands and Alliele could feel him shaking from extreme effort. She chewed her bottom lip and moved her hands to the sides of his head, trying to force him to look at her. Concern knotted her chest. Whatever he was doing was too dangerous. Her instincts screamed at her to stop him. By the door, Abby leaned forward, tears welling in her eyes.
Astaban... Alliele whispered gently.
His hands suddenly locked onto hers and held them tight, his head pressed hard against the table. He groaned in pain and lightly banged his head against the wood.
Astaban. Alliele said more forcefully.
Suddenly, he cried out and snapped up, yanking free from her grip. Alliele jumped up and tried to grab him as he collapsed to the floor.
Abby, shocked by the sudden outburst, stood up straight, dropping the valise to the floor with a loud thump.
Alliele ran around the table. Astaban lay writhing on the floor, clearly terrified. He curled up and shuddered as his illusion weaves wavered. His limbs distorted and grew longer, his hands beginning to take on the shape of claws. His body twisted and began to grow.
Alliele had to stop him. The room was too small for him should his weaves fail completely. She knelt down and grabbed onto him. He thrashed in her arms, totally unaware of her presence.
"Astaban!" she yelled, shaking him. "You have to stop! Please!"Abby ran to the table, tears streaming down her face.
Alliele grabbed Astaban's head and forced him to look at her. His face was distorted with fear and his breathing was shallow. He was losing himself in the Flow.
She held him fast and stared directly into his eyes.
"Come back to me," she whispered. "Please," 
She hugged him tightly. "Come back.
"I need you."
He grabbed onto her and clutched her tightly. He squeezed her so hard she could barely breathe but she did not fight him. Gradually, he began to relax and his grip on her lessened. He sat back against the wall as his transformation weaves began to settle back under control.
Alliele gently wiped the sweat-soaked hair from his face. His eyes darted about the room, trying to take in his surroundings. Alliele hugged him tightly. He was still shaking. He slowly turned to look at her and she pulled away, her own cheeks wet with tears. His gazed settled on her face and, as recognition set in, he broke into a wide smile.
Linfield, he whispered.
Alliele hugged him again just as Dagnard burst into to room, an uncharacteristic look of concern on his face.
What happened? I heard... he started to say, then stopped, visibly relaxing as he realized things were in hand.
Alliele smiled up at the burly guardian with his great maul in hand, ever ready to defend his companions. She actually believed that the stubborn stone dragon would have entered the Flow himself and drug Astaban back to them by force had it been necessary.
It will be okay, Dagnard, she said, dabbing away her tears. Please inform the Gatekeepers that we will require a portal weave to the human city of Linfield.
Dagnard nodded, glanced around at the others, and, seemingly content, exited the room.
Abby, wiping away her own tears, picked up Allieles bag and stood by the door, ready to leave.
Alliele, now convinced that Astaban was going to be okay, gave him an annoyed stare.
What did you do? she demanded.
Astaban, looking more himself every moment, shot Alliele his best disarming grin.
I could not place the location, he said, I had to enter the city to look for the name.
Alliele couldnt believe what she was hearing.
You scried directly into a city with an active siphon reactor? You might have been killed!"
Astaban seem genuinely surprised at her reaction.
It wasnt really that bad, he said.
Her jaw nearly hit the floor.
Wasnt that bad?! You fool of a dragon! You had poor Abby, not to mention, me, scared near to death! she yelled, slapping his arm.
Astaban winced then smiled.
Youre quite welcome, he said with a hint of sarcasm.
Alliele frowned, fuming at his careless attitude, but he was quite right. Hed risked his life at her request and he had succeeded in finding the Auraeometer. Frustrating as he could be sometimes, she owed him much. And try as she might, she simply could not stay angry with him. She helped him to his feet.
Im sorry, Astaban, she said with a pained smile.
Thank you, she whispered, then quickly turned away toward the door before he could see her fresh tears forming.


ELEVEN

Midday, 6 Luun, 1396
Linfield Redoubt, Northern Calandra

Ryan kept a wary eye out as he carefully maneuvered his way through the throngs of people crowding Linfield's market district. It was slightly past midday and the sun was beating down mercilessly from a cloudless sky, leaving few shadows in which to seek refuge. The overwhelming stench of humanity clung over the city and the sense of hopelessness wore heavily upon the stooped shoulders of those who braved the oppressive heat to browse the markets meager wares.
Beggars and squatters occupied nearly every corner and alleyway--mostly displaced TLanthans and a lesser mixture of Valdoner and Calandran refugees. Most simply huddled in their makeshift hovels, miserable but thankful just to be within the city's protective walls. Those that possessed the strength openly begged for money or food, only to be ignored by the locals who seemed to barely have the means to care for themselves.
Ryan walked amongst the patrons, occasionally stopping to browse the contents of a booth or cart. He had no idea where he was going and his frustration was rising nearly as fast as temperature in the stifling market.
The Auraeometer had been steadily leading him in this direction, assuming that he was even reading it correctly, but it was difficult to tell how far away its target was--the only indication being a slight increase in the devices vibration as he and Gantros had moved further west. 
As they'd approached Linfield, the artifact suddenly began to react differently. Previously focused due west, the needle began to fluctuate, subtly at first, then with greater intensity as they neared the city. In addition, the device's gentle vibrations had become increasingly erratic and the crystal in the center had begun to quietly emit an eerie, low-pitched tone.
Ryan had no idea how the Auraeometer would react when he found the Wyrmweaver so, curious about the sudden change, he'd decided to have a closer look, hopeful that maybe his quest would be a short one after all.
Hed left Gantros a fair distance outside the city, freeing the drake to hunt for food and stay hidden. That seemed to suit the drake fine as he seemed to get an odd sensation from the city which he could only describe as "disorienting."
It was just as well. Dragonknights were not always welcome in places such as this so Ryan thought it best to keep a low profile. Hed left his armor with Gantros, lest its enchantments accidentally give him away to the militarys channelers and magical sensors. It was particularly annoying since the armors temperature regulating enchantments might have made the sultry air somewhat more bearable.
At least hed managed to bring his sword, confident that its enchantments would not be revealed unless he used it, in which case it would be a non-issue anyway. He'd carefully wrapped it in a bundle of cloth to hide its true nature but loosely enough to ensure that he could draw the weapon if necessary.
Sneaking it in had cost him a paltry bribe to the officer tasked with guarding one of the entrances through the citys massive defensive wall. Ryan had been careful to pick a gate guarded by CAF personnel rather than the local security forces, who would probably have been far less tolerant of him carrying a weapon into the city. At the very least theyd have charged him more or worse, confiscated the sword altogether.
He could have simply left the weapon behind with his armor and avoided the risk altogether. But, while he trusted his unarmed martial skills, he was far more comfortable with the blade at his side.
Ryan tried, with difficulty, not to crinkle his nose as he glanced over the contents of a fruit cart full of overly ripe and nearly rotten offerings. The proprietor, a scrawny, sickly looking fellow, hawked his wares as the freshest in the city. Ryan was tempted to believe him, considering the conditions of the place. 
Linfield was close to the Coalitions northern front and one could almost sense the shadow of the Imperium looming over the city. Linfield had been lost and retaken several times over the course of the war and hardly a structure within didnt show evidence of explosive or fire damage. Large areas of pressed earth amidst the paved and cobblestone roads indicated artillery impact craters that had been hastily refilled. Piles of debris pushed aside to clear the streets also served as a reminder of the sheer destruction that had been wreaked on the city over the cycles.
One entire residential ward, once known as the Bergenstadt District, had been abandoned completely, subsequently taken over by squatters, gangers, rats and hundreds of now feral dogs and cats. As the citys infrastructure began to break down, trash collection services had ceased to be maintained and the abandoned sector had become a dumping ground, a place for the unwanted trash and human detritus of society. The locals simply called it The Heaps. The gate guard had advised Ryan to stay clear of that area foremost among a host of other warnings.
Coalition military presence was very high here and soldiers were a common sight patrolling the streets or manning checkpoints throughout the city. The added pressure of supporting several battalions of soldiers and tens of thousands of refugees had stretched the city's resources to its limits. Linfield had become much like the contents of the fruit cart; overripe, rotting, and ready to burst.
The sounds of a scuffle drew Ryans attention. He glanced over to see a squad of what appeared to be local Calandran soldiers gathered around a family of refugees huddled within their impromptu campsite at the mouth of an alleyway.
Several of the soldiers rifled through the familys belongings as the father argued with the squads leader--about what, Ryan could not make out. Behind the man, a woman clutched protectively onto two small children.
Calandrans, generally being a practical and militant people, tended to lack respect for refugees. They particularly disliked TLanthans, whom they considered weak and cowardly, often unfairly blaming them for the actions of the Traitor States of their homeland. This prejudice frequently manifested in harsh and unfair treatment for the refugees and Ryan could not help but wonder if maybe that was the case in this instance.
In any event, the activity was drawing negative attention from other nearby squatters, who began name-calling and throwing trash at the soldiers, who themselves attempted, with some difficulty, to remain calm and professional in the face of the increasing aggression. 
The man was being quite vocal in his resistance, yelling in the face of the squad leader and gesturing violently. Finally, having had enough, the soldiers restrained the man, who fought back wildly but ineffectively. A few members of the crowd started to move in to help him but backed off when the soldiers brandished weapons in their direction, an action that drew the attention of even more refugees, who joined into the verbal assault on the soldiers. 
The situation looked as though it could get out of hand and, for an moment, Ryan considered getting involved, although he wasnt really sure what he could do. An altercation with local soldiers wouldnt solve the problem and would probably only blow his cover. 
As Ryan considered his limited options, a Coalition armored troop carrier arrived, disgorging a squad of CAF infantry and threatening the mob with its roof-mounted heavy machine gun. The appearance of CAF soldiers seemed to give the refugees second thoughts and they slowly withdrew. After a short discussion with the commander of the newly arrived troops, the local soldiers gathered up the man theyd arrested and hauled him away, leaving the crying woman and children behind.
Ryan noted that the entire incident had barely drawn the attention of the local resident. Most continued their shopping, eyes averted and shoulders slumped just a bit more, perhaps pretending that if they just ignored the situation it would somehow go away. Such was the way with martial law.
Ryan unexpectedly recalled the look of hope on Lianes face as hed left the citadel the previous day. The contrast with this place was staggering. Seeing people so resigned to their fate suddenly made him realize how isolated his life at Warrn had been. Had hope in the world diminished so much? 
He thought of the Auraeometer tucked in his satchel and wondered how these people would react if they knew what he was seeking. Would it give them hope to know that the supposed savior of the world was out there somewhere, waiting to be found? Did that kind of hope soothe the ache of an empty stomach or console the loss of home and family?
Ryan picked a handful of reasonably fresh-looking fruits from the stand and payed the scrawny owner a few extra Talents, waving a dismissive hand when the man tried to give him change. 
The soldiers had moved on and Ryan casually headed in the direction of the arrested mans presumed wife, who sat huddled in the shabby tent that served as their home, attempting to console the two children, a boy and girl, neither older than five cycles. The boy separated himself from his mothers arms and scampered up to Ryan, holding out his hands as if begging had simply become instinctive. 
Ryan handed the boy the fruit along with a couple of Talents tucked amongst them, then tussled the boys hair a bit and gave him a smile. The boy seemed genuinely stunned at Ryans generosity and ran back to his mother and sister to share his newly gained treasure. Ryan glanced up at the womans tear-soaked face. She voiced a silent thank you. He responded with smile and a slight nod, then headed on his way before the other refugees could take note. Much as he would like to help them all, he simply didnt have the means, though it tore at his conscience to have to admit it.
This Wyrmweaver certainly had his work cut out for him.
***
The dry summer grass of northern Calandra crunched beneath her boots as Alliele stepped over the portal threshold. A hot, humid breeze caressed her face. It was a stark contrast to the cool air of the Travelling Hall a mere few steps behind her, yet, in reality, several thousand kilomets to the southeast.
She had changed to more practical attire: a long blue/gray, cotton dress which buttoned up the left side to a high collar in the Calandran styling. The short, wide sleeves revealed the tight-fitting long-sleeved, gray blouse beneath and shed swapped her comfortable slippers for a functional pair of supple ankle boots.
Dagnard stood several mets ahead and slightly down the hill. He looked like a burly farmer in his loose white shirt and leather vest. His black pants were tucked into heavy, mid-rise boots. As usual, hed insisted on heading through the portal first and was now scanning the area from beneath his wide-brimmed hat, his mouth turned down in his characteristic scowl of disapproval.
He had not been happy about coming here, so close to Imperium claimed lands and literally in the midst of heavily fortified Coalition lines. Neither faction had any particular love for Elandian dragons, and the stone dragon guardian had made his misgivings about Alliele being in such a potentially dangerous situation quite clear. There had been no reassuring him, so Alliele had finally just given in and allowed him to take whatever precautions he liked.
Astaban stepped through the portal, squinting and putting his hand up to shield his eyes from the bright sunlight. He wore a long, sleeveless, gray tunic over a white shirt, dark gray pants and short leather boots. 
He still looked fatigued from the scrying but his wide smile made his feelings regarding this new adventure quite clear. This was the impetuous and eager Astaban that Alliele had so come to admire and his optimism helped to assuage her own misgivings about their mission.
To her right stood little Abby. The girl's outfit was similar to her own but with longer sleeves that nearly covered her hands and slightly shorter skirts. Abby's gaze was focused in awe on the great sprawl of the Linfield Redoubt laying in the wide, flat plains a few kilomets to the west. 
Shrouded in a dismal, gray smog, the massive, fortified city dominated the wide lowlands straddling the Breine River and, even from this distance, the clamoring and stench of industrial civilization assaulted the senses. Far more disturbing, so far as Alliele was concerned, was the incessant droning and discomforting draw of the citys powerful Vim siphoning reactor emanating from deep within the citys central ward.
Alliele took a breath and did her best to ignore the slight sense of nausea. She turned to look back at the Gatekeeper, which hovered just inside the portal, patiently waiting until Allieles party had stepped safely through.
The silvery orb, one of dozens of such artificially intelligent constructs, had been crafted by master artificers thousands of cycles ago and was powered by now-forgotten elemental magics. Their purpose was to assist travelers by creating portals to any of thousands of pre-plotted destinations all over Elandis. 
Similar constructs served in other areas of the Assemblage, helping guide visitors to various locations or find information in the vast libraries and archives. 
Thank you, Gatekeeper, Alliele said with a smile. She didn't really know why she felt compelled to be polite to what was little more than a cleverly constructed machine. Perhaps it was another human habit she'd picked up. Humans, afterall, were even known to give their machines affectionate names and treat them almost like people in many respects. Strange indeed.
Safe travels, the Gatekeeper replied in its pleasant but emotionless voice. Portal closing. Please clear the area. 
It began emitting a series of loud chimes that served as an alarm to anyone that might have the inclination to jump through the portal at the last second, which, of course, could be quite fatal.
Alliele took a step back and watched the three met diameter portal flicker along the edges and collapse in on itself, cutting off the gentle wash of cool air and leaving her group standing alone atop the hill in the full heat of the summer sun. She raised her parasol and turned to face the direction of the city.
Dagnard stalked back up the hill to join the group, looking particularly sour.
The Aureometer is definitely within the city, he said, but there is considerable noise here. It will be difficult to locate unless we get close.
"Also, there are several Coalition battle formations in and around the city, he added, shaking his head. They will have Vim detectors and channelers among them.
"How do you propose that we find this Ryan? he asked.
Alliele regarded the city. It was a vast maze and would take days to search--days which they did not have to spare. The heavy military presence meant that magical search techniques were out of the question.
Still, there were always ways.
She closed her eyes and wove a simple spell, using her personal Vim to minimize the resulting spellshock so that it would be near impossible to detect. After a few seconds she smiled satisfactorily and opened her eyes.
We will wait, she said.
Dagnard looked confused.
Wait for what, exactly? he inquired.
I believe that an opportunity will present itself, she said, smiling.
Astaban eyed her suspiciously. Dagnard merely snorted and looked back toward the city.
Alliele turned and looked southward toward the distant, forested foothills of the Uregal Mountains. Astaban shot her a curious glance then turned to follow her gaze.
A large flock of birds burst forth from the treetops, followed by a dark, winged form that shot up out of the trees and angled sharply in the direction of the hill on which the party stood. A high-pitched staccato roar echoed faintly across the plain. 
Abby and Dagnard turned toward the sound, watching with surprise as a red-orange fire drake approached and circled over the group, then settled into a gentle landing directly in front of Alliele. Its blackened plate and chain barding, bearing the winged standard of the Order of Balthas, jingled lightly as the drake cocked its head side to side, scrutinizing the group until its curious gaze settled on Alliele.
She glanced at Astaban, raised an eybrow, and smiled.
***
Ryan wiped the sweat from his brow as he glanced up at the sky. Judging by the sun, he'd now been wandering around for at least an hour. Unfortunately, as far as he could tell, he was no closer to finding the Wyrmweaver than when he'd started.
Tucked into the small strip of shade between two buildings, he looked down at the Auraeometer. The device seemed to mock him as the needle swung one way, then another, then spun wildly in circles before settling, temporarily, in yet another seemingly random direction before doing it all again. All the while, the thing kept moaning in a quiet, undulating tone. Ryan was beginning to wonder if it was broken.
With a frustrated sigh, he stuffed the artifact back into his satchel, then stepped out of the alley and back into the crowd. As he walked slowly along his mind churned over how to proceed. One thing was certain, he needed to get out of this heat if he wanted to think clearly. He glanced around at the nearby structures, looking for someplace to get off his feet and out of the sun for a moment. It didn't take long.
The dilapidated sign that dangled over the door named the rustic little corner of civilization The Last Call, and judging by the look of the clientele, Ryan wasnt sure which definition of the phrase was more appropriate. 
The main room contained several round, wooden tables, each surrounded by a mismatched collection of chairs. At the back was a bar lined with a half dozen stools, all of which looked extremely worn and scarcely safe to sit on. The area was dimly lit by sparsely placed lamps and the meager shafts of light that managed to pierce the filthy, transomed windows along the front. The place reeked of liquor, smoke, grease and sweat. 
The patrons, who were few at this hour, looked to be mostly low-class laborer folk, probably night shift workers at the few remaining local factories, who had little else to do during the day but sleep or drown the sorrows of their miserable lives in cheap drinks. 
Still, for Ryan, it was an acceptable and low-profile break from being out in the midday sun so he moved up to the bar and took a seat on the safest-looking stool of the bunch. He laid the cloth bundle containing his sword across his lap and removed his hat, setting it on the heavily stained but reasonably clean counter.
The bartender, a stocky, balding man who appeared to be in his mid fifties, approached and seemed to size Ryan up before asking him if he wanted anything. Ryan smiled and tried to act exhausted like everyone else.
Ableten, if you have it, he said, ordering a common Valdoran ale that was somewhat bitter but not particularly strong. Ryan had no intentions of becoming impaired and the light-weight drink would fit well with his role of a Valdoran pilgrim, his hastily formed story should anyone seek to start up a conversation or start asking questions.
Right, the bartender muttered with a hint of disdain as he grabbed a bottle and glass from the shelf behind him then turned back to face Ryan.
Two spaed, he said, placing the bottle and glass on the counter.
Ryan placed a full Talent on the table and slid it forward. The man picked it up, turned it in his fingers a couple of times, then looked at Ryan.
Valdoner, eh? And not a refugee, Id wager.
Ryan poured the Ableten into the glass and took a drink, stifling the urge to grimace as he swallowed the bitter liquid.
Pilgrim, he said, setting down the glass. Heading to Samana for the Feast of Ilondrei, he added with a conspiratorial wink. 
Ilondrei, Goddess of Love, Beauty and Fertility in the Valdoner Circle of the Seven was usually honored in the Spring, which was her primary season. However, in the Fall, after harvest, celebrations were held in her honor in thanks for a good growing season. Such feasts were rather well-known for their abundant food, drink and other indulgences.
Another religious fanatic, the bartender said with a chuckle and shake of his head. "Well, youd better watch yourself around here, he said, his voice low. Armys been gathering up anyone can walk and carry a rifle. Dont matter who you are.
Conscription? I thought only the Imperium did that, Ryan said, somewhat surprised. Perhaps that was what the altercation in the market was about.
The bartender harrumphed. "Theyre getting desperate. Ive seen them take boys as young as fourteen.
Ryan was suddenly reminded of what Sir Eamar had said about Coalition recruitment in the South. He hadnt truly appreciated the scope of the wing leader's concern at the time.
How do you manage to stay out? Ryan asked.
Out? the man replied incredulously. He balanced himself then, with a bit of effort, reached down and pulled his left foot up onto a nearby stool where Ryan could see. He pulled back his pant leg to reveal a crude artificial leg.
Els Farrow, he explained. Arty round. 
Ryan couldnt help but wince as the bartender covered his leg and placed it back down on the floor. The man shuffled side to side a bit to get the leg back in adjustment before continuing.
Damn lucky the shrapnel just clipped my leg, really. Guy next to me got blown full in half, he said, shaking his head, Damn dirty business that was. Damn dirty business.
He suddenly seemed occupied by distant thoughts as he slowly wandered to the other end of the bar where a local customer was waving for another round.
Ryan stared at his glass for several moments, absorbed in thought. What was he doing? He wasnt going to find the Wyrmweaver in this bar. He opened his satchel and pulled out the Auraeometer, careful to keep it in his lap where it would not draw undue attention. The device continued to fluctuate wildly.
Ryan took another drink of the Ableten, this time not bothering to suppress a scowl at the taste of the bitter liquid.
Where are you? he whispered.
The device answered with another low, sickly tone.
Ryan glanced about to see if anyone noticed the sound then quickly tucked the device back into his satchel. He was wasting time. He didn't know exactly what was wrong with the Auraeometer but he was beginning to suspect that he wasn't going to find anything here in Linfield. He needed to move on.
Ryan finished the drink in his glass but left the mostly full bottle. As he began to gather himself to leave, the door to the establishment opened, releasing a blast of hot, sticky air into the room. 
Ryan glanced at the door to see five men dressed in Calandran military uniforms enter the pub. They were wearing light body armor--less helmets--and at least one, probably an officer, wore a sidearm that Ryan could see. The group was engaged in a rather animated conversation as they crossed the room and didnt seem to be paying any particular consideration to the handful of patrons.
Ryan sat back down, thinking it best not to draw undue attention to himself by leaving just as the soldiers arrived. He poured more of the Ableten into his glass and did his best to look inconspicuous, intending to finish his drink then leave, which would seem natural enough, he hoped.
Four of the soldiers seated themselves at a table near the center of the room while the remaining one walked up to the bar and began ordering a round of drinks for his companions. Ryan sipped from his glass as he cautiously eyed the soldier via the mirror behind the bar.
He was about Ryans height, maybe a little taller, and of similar build, although the body armor made it hard to tell. He had squarish features and a crooked nose that looked to have been broken at least once and short blonde-brown hair that was pressed in odd directions from hours of wearing a helmet.
The man glanced at Ryan, perhaps sensing the scrutiny, but Ryan had already turned his attention to the other soldiers around the table. Two of them appeared to be fairly young and inexperienced, judging by their demeanor. One had red hair and a freckled face and looked to be no older than eighteen cycles and the other had a dark, pockmarked complexion, black curly, hair and the hint of a scraggly beard. Both seemed quite relaxed and didn't appear the least concerned about their surroundings. 
The officer with the sidearm was tall, with narrow, hard features, a large nose, and blonde hair. He was considerably more attentive, despite being involved in the conversation. The fourth guy was broad shouldered and thick, with a shaved head and shadowy, deep-set eyes that bore the hard stare of a veteran. Ryan had little doubt that close in fighting with that one would be a mistake. 
Of course, he'd rather not fight them at all, if he could avoid it. But the bartender's earlier warning had Ryan feeling cautious about this lot. He figured his odds were good, provided that the pistol didnt come into play. Still, it was probably better to just get out of here. He set down his glass and laid his hand on his hat.
Ableten?
It was the soldier at the bar. 
Shards.
Ryan paused and glanced sidelong at the soldier, who was casually leaning on the bar, facing him.
Bitter stuff, the soldier continued, making a face. You should try the Rubens. Much better flavor.
Ryan gave a polite smile.
Thanks. Maybe next time, he said, picking up his hat and turning toward the door.
The soldier grabbed his arm. Hold on." 
Ryan tensed and looked back. The soldier snatched the half-full bottle of Ableten off the bar.
Dont forget your drink, he said with a smile, holding up the bottle.
Ryan hesitated a moment, then relaxed somewhat and accepted.
Thanks again, he said, forcing a smile.
Where are you from? the soldier asked.
Metessa, Ryan said, seeing no harm in telling the truth.
The soldier nodded.
Valdoner eh? So, what brings you to Linfield?
Just passing through on my way back home from Priana. Got family down there, Ryan explained. Hoping to get back in time for the Fall Festivals. Even got some nice fabric for a new prayer mat.
He nodded toward the cloth bundle he was carrying.
Really? the soldier said, apparently intrigued. My dad runs a tailor shop down in Askarta. Does a lot of business with Medinaran upper caste. I grew up around fabrics, helping around the store. 
"You gotta watch these local merchants. They push cheap knockoffs at inflated prices and blame it on scarcity. It can be hard to get good quality this far north. Lemme take a look.
Thats alright, Ryan said, taking a step toward the door, Im actually running a bit late. Got distracted, you know?
He held up the bottle with a smile.
The soldiers at the table were getting restless.
Cmon Dav, quit flirting around and bring those drinks! the freckled one yelled with obvious sarcasm, sparking a round of laughter from the others.
In a minute, Dav snarled back with a rude gesture.
Ryan took the opportunity to start walking away but Dav quickly grabbed the edge of the cloth bundle.
Wait! he said, Itll just take a sec. I wouldnt want one of those con-artists ripping you off.
Ryans adrenaline rushed as the soldier pulled at the bundle, which was now somewhat unbalanced in the crook of his left arm. He backed away slightly, attempting to innocently pull the bundle out of Dav's reach. But he miscalculated the soldier's grip and his movement, instead, pulled the bundle free, partially unraveling it and sending his sword clattering to the floor at his feet. The impact jostled the sword a few inches out of the scabbard, revealing several of the runes etched along the blade. 
What the...? Dav stammered as he stepped back.
The sudden noise attracted the attention of all, and, for a moment, an apprehesive hush fell over the room.
Dav stared down at the blade in momentary confusion, then looked up at Ryan as awareness kicked in. Ryan stared intently back at him and shook his head slowly, a warning to the soldier that he should consider his next action very carefully. Time seemed to freeze.
Dav made his choice.
Hes armed! he yelled, making an attempt to kick the weapon away.
Ryan reacted instantly, swinging the bottle of Ableten and spraying the liquid across Davs face. The surprised soldier bellowed and backed off to wipe his eyes, more out of surprise than injury.
The soldiers at the table jumped up, sending their chairs scattering across the floor, but held their ground, for the moment.
Ryan reached down and snatched up his weapon. He stood up slowly and snapped the blade back into the scabbard, keeping his hand on the grip and a wary eye on the soldiers at the table.
 The freckled soldier pointed at the sword with an expression mixed between shock and disdain. Thats a fraggin rune-blade! Hes a bloody dragonknight!
All four men stared at Ryan for a moment with looks varying from disbelief to contempt.
The officer smirked. Bad place to pick a fight, Dragon-lover.
I dont want any trouble, Ryan said, slowly moving toward the door. I was just leaving.
Thats what you think, mate, the officer said. Possession of an unauthorized weapon in the city is a serious offense. Hand it over and maybe youll just get to cool off in a cell for a day or so.
Sorry, not gonna happen, Ryan said, inching a bit closer. He noted that Dav had recovered and was slowly moving into a position to his left flank. Ryan stopped and set his feet.
Fraid it IS, mate, the officer said, "Grab 'im!"
At that instant, Dav charged. 
Ryan crouched low, throwing his left shoulder into Davs midsection and rolling him up over his shoulder. The rigid body armor absorbed the blow but Davs momentum carried him completely up and over as Ryan shifted his weight to his right foot and let the soldier slam to the floor.
The other four soldiers were momentarily surprised by the sudden move but quickly regained their composure. The three in front drew their combat knives and moved forward to surround Ryan while the officer seemed content to stay back and guard the path to the door.
Ryan inched back, adjusting his stance and carefully eyeing the approaching soldiers. Red-haired Freckles was on his right, Baldy on the left, and pock-faced Curly in the middle. 
Freckles was the first to act. He lunged at Ryan, stabbing out with his knife in a long, somewhat clumsy, right-handed thrust. Ryan stepped back, deflecting the attack downward with a hard scabbard strike to the wrist followed by a swift blow with the pommel to the man's face. Freckles staggered back, clutching his broken nose as rivulets of blood oozed between his fingers and down his chin.
Curly and Baldy charged in simultaneously in an attmept to overwhelm Ryans defense. Ryan avoided them by sliding to the left. He threw a quick palm strike into Baldy's right arm to deflect the knife attack, then crouched to deliver a lightning fast heel kick to the outside of the brute's right knee. The man buckled to the floor, clutching his knee and howling in pain.
Curly leaped over his writhing comrade and took several wild swipes at Ryan with his knife. Ryan stepped back, keeping his sword arm behind him as he weaved and evaded the clumsy attacks.
Ryan could hardly believe that these guys were soldiers. He'd trained ten-cycle old squires with more control.
Curly snarled in frustration and lunged forward with a long stab. Ryan brought up his sword, using the grip to deflect the strike. He reached over Curly's extended arm, hooking the man's elbow in his own, then used his free hand to force Curly's knife hand back over his elbow into an arm lock. He cranked down hard. There was a loud snap and Curly screamed in pain and dropped the knife. Ryan loosened his grip and silenced the soldier's yelling with a quick elbow to the face, then let him fall limply to the floor.
Ryan turned around too late to avoid Dav's body tackle. Patrons scattered as the two men slammed through a nearby table in a cascade of shattered wood and spilled drinks. The impact knocked Ryan's sword out of his hand, sending it skittering just out of reach.
Dav kneeled on Ryan, pinning him down. He pulled his knife and raised it for a downward strike. From the look in his eyes, it appeared that this soldier was no longer content with detainment. 
Ryan grabbed his satchel with both hands and knocked the first knife blow aside. As Dav made another attempt, Ryan put the satchel up as a shield. The knife punctured the bag, becoming snagged in the leather. Ryan turned the satchel, twisting the knife out of the soldier's grip. Dav immediately grabbed the satchel and the two men wrestled over it for a moment before Dav finally ripped the bag from Ryan's hands and tossed it and the knife aside.
Dav hit Ryan with a quick right cross then grabbed him by the throat, slamming the back of Ryan's head into the remains of the table. 
Ryan grabbed the man's arm and tried to wrench his grip away from his throat as he strained to reach his sword with his other hand. His fingers settled on the handle of a large, glass mug. He tightened his grip and swung the mug hard, shattering it across the side of Dav's head. The soldier uttered a short grunt and slumped over.
Ryan pushed the stunned soldier aside and slowly rolled over, looking for his weapon, still a bit dazed by the blows to the head. He glanced up to see Freckles charging in, a wild look in his eyes.
Forgetting the sword for the moment, Ryan scrambled to his feet, stepping on the unconscious Dav as he lunged forward. He intercepted Freckles' charge from below and dragged the man to the ground, falling on top of him. Crawling over the flailing soldier, Ryan landed two quick, if sloppy, punches into his opponent's face which seemed to diminish his struggling a bit.
Ryan reared back and tightened up to deliver a knockout blow but was suddenly grabbed from behind by Baldy. The brute hoisted Ryan to his feet and drug him backwards, pinning his arms behind his head and clasping his fingers behind Ryan's neck to lock in the hold. Ryan struggled but couldn't overcome the larger man's strength.
Freckles got to his feet holding his battered, bloodied nose and muttered a curse as he eyed Ryan maliciously. He spit out a mouthful of blood and sneered at Ryan through bloodstained teeth.
"Hold him!" he growled.
Behind Freckles, Ryan could see the officer walk over and pick up his sword then take position a few mets away to watch.
Freckles marched forward and threw a hard punch into Ryan's ribs, doubling him over. Baldy hoisted Ryan back up for another blow. Ryan noted that the big guy seemed to be trying to keep the weight off that right leg.
Freckles grabbed Ryan by the hair and lifted his head. Hang in there, dragon-lover. Were just getting started," he said, spraying bloody spit on Ryan's face.
Ryan looked at the officer, who stood by impassively, obviously in no hurry to order his men to stop. Glancing around the bar, Ryan noted that none of the other patrons looked eager to jump in on his behalf either. He glared at Freckles, who grinned smugly back at him.
"Not so tough without your big lizard to help you out, are you?" the soldier snarled.
Ryan responded with action. He lifted his right leg and kicked back, planting a heel strike into Baldy's already injured right knee. The brute bellowed in pain and released Ryan as he fell back. Freckles barely had time to register what was happening before Ryan stepped up and head-butted him in his broken nose, sending him staggering back and screaming in agony.
The officer, suddenly realizing that Ryan was free, spat a curse and pulled his pistol.
Ryan grabbed the dazed Freckles and pulled him close as the officer drew a bead and fired. Freckles convulsed as the two rounds impacted his armor vest. Patrons ran and ducked behind whatever cover they could find.
Ryan shoved the semi-conscious Freckles into the surprised officer, knocking him backward. He followed with a quick strike to the officer's gun wielding arm which sent the pistol bouncing across the floor.
The officer took a desperate swing at him with the sword and scabbard. Ryan dodged the strike and grabbed the man's arm, twisting it and snatching the sword away, then sending him reeling with a quick forward kick.
The officer staggered back and snatched up a broken table leg. With a yell, he charged forward swinging the makeshift club in a wide, horizontal arc. Ryan leaned back to avoid the first swipe, then parried the officer's backswing.
The enraged officer stepped forward with an overhead chop. Ryan ducked, stepped obliquely to the officer's left, and landed a strike to the back of the man's head with his scabbard, sending him stumbling forward toward the front windows.
The officer spun around, his face contorted with rage. He charged forward with his weapon held high. Ryan stepped forward, deflecting the attack with his scabbard followed by a quick strike to his opponent's face. The stunned officer took an unsteady step backwards. Ryan used the opening to finish with a powerful spinning kick to the man's chest that sent him stumbling back through the window to land in the street in a heap of broken glass and wooden transoms.
Ryan heard the ratcheting sound of an autopistol action behind him. He spun around to see Curly staggering dazedly toward him only a few mets away, his broken right arm dangling uselessly at his side and his shaking left hand wielding the officer's sidearm.
Ryan didn't hesitate. He moved forward even as Curly took aim. Spinning around, Ryan drew his sword from the scabbard. Curly flinched as, with a loud, metallic, peal and a shower of sparks, the rune-forged blade sheared through the barrel of the pistol just millimets from his fingers.
Ryan landed on one knee and paused as the severed barrel hit the floor with a dull thunk. Curly stared in disbelief at the smoldering end of the weapon in his hand, then looked at Ryan incredulously.
Ryan raised an inquisitive eyebrow.
Curly dropped the remains of the pistol and backed away, clearly having had enough.
Ryan took a breath, stood up and snapped the sword back into the scabbard, then looked around at the remains of the pub and the semi-conscious soldiers laying about. He'd clearly overstayed his welcome.
He jogged a few steps to the smashed table where Dav was just regaining consciousness and retrieved his satchel. He stood up, pulled the knife free and tossed it aside, then slung the satchel over his shoulder as he headed quickly for the door before any more troops arrived.
The sudden light outside forced Ryan to squint a bit. The street was still full of civilians milling about much as they had been before. Ryan was about to lose himself in the crowd when he glanced to his right at the shattered front windows and noticed that the officer was not there. 
Ryan quickly turned around to see the officer retrieving an assault rifle from an armored vehicle that was parked just up the street. The crowds nearby backed off at the sight of the weapon. 
The officer staggered toward Ryan, rage evident on his face. He stopped, aimed the rifle at Ryan, and cycled the action, loading a round into the receiver. People behind Ryan scattered as they realized they were now in a potential line of fire. Ryan took a slow step backward. There was nowhere to go except back into the pub and that was a dead end. In the street, he was fully exposed and a sword was little match for an automatic rifle at this range. 
"What fancy moves you got for THIS, dragon-lover?" the officer snarled as he clicked off the safety.
Without warning, a loud, staccato roar echoed off the surrounding buildings, rattling windows and vibrating the ground enough to cause small pebbles to dance around the feet of the startled members of the crowd. 
With a massive crash, Gantros landed in the street between Ryan and the officer, his claws digging deep gouges into the pavement as he skidded to a stop. He hunched up and roared again, this time, only a few mets in front of the officer, who was forced several steps back and nearly dropped the rifle in the face of the deafening onslaught. The massive drake bristled and continued to growl at the soldier, eyeing him warily.
Are you injured? Gantros inquired of Ryan.
Im fine. Ryan responded. Dont kill anyone, eh?
If I do, it will only be from fright.
Ryan could only smile and shake his head.
The crowd in the street was growing. Gantros was drawing a lot of attention, none of it good. Ryan could sense that tensions were high. Already, the whispers of dragon where becoming more pronounced.
An armored vehicle approached slowly, driving a wedge through the crowd as it made its way to the scene. The side was clearly marked with the riveted shield standard of the Coalition Armed Forces. Its powerful diesel engines revved several times then shifted down to a rumbling idle as the vehicle settled to a stop. 
The armored rear hatch dropped open and a squad of armored soldiers ran out, circling Ryan and Gantros with rifles at the ready. Ryan set his sword down and raised his hands to show that he had no intention of being hostile. 
One of the soldiers stepped away from the group and approached. Without a word, he reached down and picked up the sword. Ryans adrenaline rushed at the thought of losing the weapon but he remained calm, in no small part due to Gantross urging. Ryan was at least relieved that the soldier seemed to treat the sword with a degree of care as he headed back to join the others.
A moment later a female officer exited the vehicle. She strode down the ramp slowly and confidently. There was no doubt that she was in charge and she knew it. She was wearing CAF REBAr but no helmet. If Ryans memory served, the insignia emblazoned on her shoulder indicated that she was a Captain. Her hair was jet black and cut short. Her dark, angled eyes, flat nose and tan complexion were certainly Meilaani. 
She frowned as she looked over the scene with an aura of disdain, as though the whole thing were a mere nuisance. She stepped through the ring of soldiers and regarded Ryan and Gantros with a contemplative expression.
The Calandran officer quickly jogged up to the CAF Captain and saluted. She returned his salute and ordered him to report the situation. He proceeded to tell his side of the story, and to Ryans surprise, actually stayed fairly faithful to the truth. He had to admit that, from their point of view, he was the criminal for sneaking arms into the city, regardless of what his intentions were. He began to feel concern for his prospects.
Do not fear. Gantros said. I like her.
Ryan shot a questioning look at the drake. Youre kidding, right?
Gantros did not answer. Ryan pursed his lips and watched as the soldier who had taken his sword walked over and handed it to the Meilaani officer. She took the weapon gently and drew it from the scabbard, holding the blade vertically in front of her and studying its runic patterns as the Calandran officer finished his report. She then twirled the blade quickly and gently snapped it back in the scabbard, closing her eyes with a hint of respect. She obviously had some skill with a blade and at least some appreciation for the uncommon nature of the weapon.
She walked up to Ryan with the weapon held in both hands, stopping in front of him. She was shorter than him by maybe eight or ten centimets but somehow she could still appear to look down her nose at him.
I am Captain Nemuri, Coalition Army, 9th Infantry, she snapped. You are?
Sir Ryan Gedric of Metessa, Knight of the Order of Balthas, Ryan answered. This is Gantros, he added, gesturing to the drake.
Her stoic expression remained unchanged. She considered Ryan for a moment, as if puzzling out whether or not to believe him.
Walk with me, she said finally, tucking his sword under her left arm and turning toward the front of the building. Ryan glanced at Gantros. The drake tilted his head, the drake equivalent of a shrug. That wasnt much help so, lacking better options, Ryan did as she ordered.
Captain Nemuri headed toward the smashed window of the pub and made a show of looking at the evidence, ignoring Ryan for several uncomfortable moments.
Why are you here? she finally asked.
Ryan wasnt sure how to answer. He certainly couldnt tell her about the Auraeometer. She would never be able to resist confiscating a dragon-forged artifact, regardless of whether anyone knew how it worked. Ryan suddenly imagined Coalition magitechs tearing the thing apart to analyze it--not a particularly grand end to his noble quest.
My mission is a secret but you must believe that it is of profound importance, he said, hardly convinced himself.
She turned her attention from the window stared at him with an air of incredulity.
I see, she responded, then returned to her inspection. "And this mission has you smuggling an unauthorized weapon into a Coalition city and assaulting members of its garrison? You are, of course, aware that there is a war going on and that such action might be seen as threatening.
Ryan had to admit that it sounded really bad that way. He briefly considered mentioning that it was a CAF soldier whod allowed him through with the weapon but quickly thought the better of it. No point antagonizing this woman, especially since she held all the cards.
Such was not my intention, Ryan explained, pulling for the apologetic route. Besides, it was the truth. 
I stopped here for supplies and information. Unfortunately, I am aware of the reputation of dragonknights among some, misinformed though it may be, and did not wish to take chances. The weapon was only for protection.
Nemuri considered him for a moment until some particularly boisterous shouts drew her attention to the crowd, which was becoming larger and more vocal. Her soldiers were holding them back but it was obvious that things may not stay controlled for long. She nodded to herself and turned to face Ryan directly.
Had you attacked a Coalition soldier, she said, even in self-defense, the penalty would have been death for treason.
She paused to let that notion sink in.
"Fortunate, perhaps, for you, then, that those men are members of the local defense forces and therefore, under the jurisdiction of the civil government. Proper procedure demands that I hand you over to the Provincial Defense Authority for them to decide what to do with you.
"But Calandrans, as you might imagine, have little love for dragons, she said. If you take my meaning.
Ryan sighed. So I suppose a fair trial would be a bit much to expect.
Then we understand one another, she said.
She turned her attention back to the crowds and sneered. 
This city is a cesspool, she said, a miserable haven for those who have nowhere else to go. Most of the locals, at least those with the means, fled south some time ago, leaving the poor and refugees behind to fend for themselves in a festering pit of despair. These people are desperate and angry.
 "They call for justice but all they really want is an excuse to strike out at something--anything--that they believe represents the cause of their suffering. Food riots, political demonstrations, murders, theft, and gang wars are a daily occurrence.
She shot Ryan a wry grin. You and your salamander picked a poor time to come calling.
Ryan frowned. He wished there were some way that he could explain to these people that he was not the enemy but he knew that they would not hear it.
It appears so, he conceded. So, what now?
Now? she said, raising an eyebrow. "Now, I am going to have to file a very long report and, no doubt, sit through several very annoying meetings with the local defense minister, AND the city council. 
She sighed. "I do so hate politics, Sir Ryan. You have not exactly made my day.
Ryan could scarcely believe the irony. Here they were, she and he, two soldiers fighting the same war for different reasons and both bound by a different set of rules--ideological allies forced to be enemies by law.
He appreciated Nemuris position but he couldnt afford to be bogged down here either.
The question was: What could he do about it? Fighting was a pointless option. Thats exactly what got him in this mess to begin with.
And you she began.
Ryan tensed a bit as Nemuri turned around, her face hard as stone.
I do not know what your quest is, Sir Ryan--" she shrugged, --and quite frankly, I dont care.
My orders are to protect this city and that is what I intend to do.
She grasped Ryans sword and considered it for a moment.
HOW I do so is for me to decide, she added, stepping forward and offering Ryan the weapon.
Ryan was certain by her expression that his open jaw must be touching the ground. He grasped the scabbard gently and gave Nemuri a questioning look.
Why? she asked, not yet relinquishing the weapon. "I could keep you in custody, of course-- she explained, then looked at Gantros, "--but containing the beast is another issue.
"We could simply put him down, she suggested. But that would seem a waste of such a creature.
Ryan narrowed his eyes, unsure whether or not her statement was a genuine threat. But if you let me go he said.
Oh, there will some be minor unrest over it, I suppose, but that is nothing new. It will pass, she shrugged dismissively. The more pressing realities of life will see to that.
But allowing a dragonknight to be martyred in my city, over what amounts to little more than a barroom scuffle, will solve nothing and does not bode well with me. Her expression hinted that there was more to it but she didnt elaborate.
With that, she released the scabbard into Ryans hand and took a step back.
Now take your salamander and get out of Linfield before I reconsider my attitude toward public opinion.
Thinking it best to say nothing, Ryan took a few steps back and bowed sincerely. He then set off quickly toward Gantros, eager to be out of this situation as rapidly as possible. One of the CAF soldiers stepped up to block Ryans path and glanced questioningly toward the captain. She gestured for him to allow Ryan to pass and the soldier stood aside with apparent indifference, quite the contrary to the Calandran lieutenant, who scowled intently at Ryan, no doubt fuming about what he saw as an unofficial pardon.
Gantros leaned forward and Ryan quickly mounted up, not bothering to take the time to do up the safety straps. The crowd, perhaps beginning to realize that there would be no lynching today, started moving as if to take matters into their own hands--pushing against the ring of soldiers that separated them from the target of their rage. Ryan wasted no time. As soon as he settled into the saddle, he gave Gantros the mental command to take off. 
Uttering a powerful roar that temporarily drove the crowd back, Gantros leaped upward, and with a few powerful wingstrokes, he and Ryan were airborne and leaving the noise of the crowds behind. Ryan glanced down to see Captain Nemuri walking back to her armored vehicle while shouting orders to her men. He had no doubt that she would have little difficulty dealing with the situation, but he couldn't help but feel guilty about running away, regardless of the sense of it.
***
Captain Nemuri strode up to her armored troop carrier and started heading up the ramp. Standing nearby, Lieutenant Forester, her second in command, waited patiently. His expression made it clear that things had not turned out as he would have had them, had it been up to him. Nemuri stopped at the top of the ramp.
"I suppose you are wondering why I let him go," she said. 
"Captain?" Forester tried to act clueless.
Nemuri looked up at Ryan and Gantros rapidly disappearing into the distance but her thoughts appeared to be elsewhere. "Have you ever seen what happens to a dragonknight when their drake dies?"
Forester appeared puzzled by the question. "Can't say that I have, Captain."
Nemuri looked back at the sky. "Perhaps, if you had, you might understand," she said, her expression sullen. She looked around at the crowds pressing in on her small band of troops. The people were angry, perhaps rightfully so. But more to her concern was that her men, well-trained as they may be, were already under a great deal of stress and the raging populace was pressing hard on frayed nerves.
She looked back at Forester. "Recall the men. Let's get out of here before something happens that we ALL regret."
She ducked and entered the APC.
***
I told you it would be okay, did I not? Gantros finally said, his tone a bit sarcastic.
You said no such thing, Ryan responded. Only that you liked her.
Trust your drake. Gantros said, quoting Master Phaedaans words with a hint of playful haughtiness.
Oh, be silent and fly, Ryan said, wanting nothing more at the moment than to leave the stench of Linfield far behind.
Why Captain Nemuri had let him go was beyond him. Maybe it was just as she said--that allowing him to be tried by the locals would serve no purpose. 
Still, Ryan couldnt help but feel that there was more to her decision.
In any case, he certainly had to appreciate the positive turn of luck. If he was one to believe in omens, he would have to consider it a good one. And, if nothing else, hed certainly learned to be more careful in the future.
Which way? Gantros finally asked.
Ryan reached for his satchel. As he grabbed it, he noted that the cover strap was loose, having been partially cut by the penetration of the knife during his struggle in the pub.
Not thinking much of it, he dug in the pack for the Auraeometer, feeling for the distinct vibration of the device. Only, it wasn't there. Ryan's concern slowly turned to panic as he pulled the satchel around in front of him and rapidly combed through the contents. Just to be sure, he checked the saddle bags as well and found nothing. The Auraeometer was gone.
It wasnt possible. Hed had it in the pub just before 
The significance of the loose satchel strap suddenly became ominously clear.
The Auraeometer! We have to go back! Ryan said, spinning around to look at the city receeding toward the horizon behind them.
Foolish.
I dont care! We have to get it back!
How? You do not know where it is. And we only barely escaped before.
But
Shards! Gantros was right. There was no way Ryan was getting back into Linfield now. And even if he could sneak back in, which was unlikely now that they knew his identity, he wasnt even sure where the Auraeometer was.
Be patient. Perhaps an opportunity will present itself.
Ryan wasnt the sort to wait for opportunities. He preferred to make them. Only right now, he didnt see any viable options. He turned back around and tried, with little success, not to sulk.
Just get us some distance and find a suitable camp.


TWELVE

Midday, 6 Luun, 1396
Linfield Redoubt, Northern Calandra

From her location behind the crowd, Alliele watched with a mixture of frustration and relief as Sir Ryan and Gantros took to the air and headed westward, away from the city. She took a deep breath and ran through a series of quick mental exercises to calm her nerves.
That had been a near thing. She knew that something must have happened when the drake, Gantros, had suddenly entered the city, something he would likely not have done unless his rider was in serious danger.
Alliele had not counted on the tracking weave shed placed on the drake being useful so soon. The magical signal had led her and the others straight to the scene, but when they arrived to find the raging crowds along with Coalition soldiers, Alliele had feared the worst.
She still didnt know exactly what had transpired, only that Sir Ryan appeared to be involved. But, whatever the reason for the disturbance, Ryan was now safely away from this place and, with him, the Auraeometer. That was the important thing.
Alliele wasnt concerned about being able to find him. The tracking enchantment would see to that. It was fortunate that the drake, Gantros, was cooperating. That would make things much easier. It seemed that he admired his knight very much and, drake intuition being what it was, Alliele was able to glean at least some measure of reassurance from that.
Still, she would need to know more before she decided how to proceed. This incident had been a clear demonstration of the dangers to both the Auraeometer and her mission. Had Ryan been taken into custody by the military, Alliele would have had no choice but to intervene. Who could foresee what consequences might have come of THAT?
A few paces away, Dagnard surveyed the crowd from beneath his wide-brimmed hat. His imposing size and sour glare seemed to force most of the throng of onlookers to keep a wide berth. 
Astaban waited with Abby near the wall of a nearby building, trying to stay out of the slowly dispersing crowd.
With Ryan now gone, there was little left for Alliele and her troupe to accomplish in Lindfield. Besides, the sickening draw of the city's siphoning reactor was beginning to take a toll on her strength.
We should go, she said as she gently rubbed her eyes.
Wait, Dagnard said as he glanced around with a particular intensity.
What is it? Alliele asked impatiently.
The Auraeometer he growled, It is still here.
Are you sure? Sir Ryan should have it with him, Alliele whispered, her annoyance quickly being replaced by anxiety.
I am certain, he said. I can hear its call. It is close.
Alliele was stunned. She didn't want to believe what she was hearing. She glanced in the direction Ryan had gone but he and the drake were no longer visible. She couldnt accept that he would have knowingly left the artifact behind. So, what could have happened?
Might it have been stolen? She looked around, her mind racing as she considered the possibilities. There were so many people. What if one of them had it? Or the soldiers--could they have confiscated it?
It now appeared that the situation Alliele had dared believed to be under control had turned upside down yet again.
Can you track it? she asked Dagnard.
Maybe, but I will need to get very close.
There! Abby said, suddenly pointing into the crowd. That man has it. The one with short blonde hair and the dirty blue pants.
The others scanned the crowd for the man shed indicated. He was just turning the corner, moving north along a large thoroughfare crammed with people.
Astaban crouched down next to her. How can you tell?
He just came out of the building, Abby explained. Something about him doesnt seem right. He didnt even seem curious about what was going on. He just walked away, trying to look casual.
Are you certain? Alliele asked, her eyes glued to the man as he walked down the street. He didnt seem any different from the other humans in the crowd to her. But Abby did have some experience with these things.
Hes nervous. I'm sure of it. Abby said. Hes trying to look calm but hes hiding something, like a wealthy man would if he was carrying a lot of coin in the market.
Alliele watched the man with concern, then looked at the soldiers loading back into their troop carrier. If they did have the Auraeometer Alliele would need to act quickly before they could take it to a more fortified location. But she also trusted Abbys instincts, probably more than most. She looked back at the man apprehensively.
Dagnard?
The stone dragon stepped forward, listening carefully to the calling of the Auraeometer. He watched the man walk down the street, glance around quickly, and duck into an alley. 
The child may be right.
Alliele made her decision. 
Follow him.
***
Cody the Ferret stopped to catch his breath and take a quick look around. Hed been running for nearly twenty blocks but with all the twists and turns hed taken, it was probably more like thirty. At least he could be pretty sure that he hadn't been followed. 
Cody knew all the shortcuts and hidden pathways through the old residential section. He knew which ones were claimed by particular gangs and which ones were safe. Few people knew The Heaps as well as the Ferret. 
Safely within his own little space in an alley deep within the maze, he sat down to inspect his newfound prize. 
After all, it was his, right? It wasnt like he stole it or something. That fella in the pub dropped it and he sure didnt seem all too interested in coming back for it. True, he was kinda busy, fighting them soldiers and all, but he shoulda known better, right? Everybody knew better than to tangle with the Army.
Cody turned the strange device this way and that, trying to puzzle out what exactly it was that hed found. He was pretty certain that it was some sort of clock, although it was a strange one, to be sure, having no numbers that he could read and only one hand. 
Maybe it was broke? Yeah, that must be why the hand didnt seem to work right. Still, it looked like it was made of gold, or something like it. It was really fancy too, all scribbled up with flashy designs and such. It had to be valuable to somebody.
This could be his ticket out of the Heaps for good, maybe even out of Linfield. He could go South, start up a new life, somewhere where there werent no fighting going on. The prospect was so exciting it was all he could do to keep from laughing out loud.
A shuffling sound suddenly caught Codys attention and his dreams of a life far away came crashing back to the present. With practiced speed, he pulled his knife from its hidden sheath and spun around.
Whos there? he challenged, glancing around as held the knife out threateningly, making it obvious that he was armed. There were no guns among the Heaps residents--the military had taken enough interest to see to that some time ago--so knives, clubs, and bare hands were pretty much the extent of any threat.
You dont really want to stick ME, do you? said a tall man with short black hair and a goatee as he stepped into the alley, wearing a broad smile.
Julian, Cody grumbled. What do you want?
The man took several strutting steps forward, holding out his hands, revealing heavily ring-laden fingers. His smile turned to a hurt frown.
Is THAT how you greet your old buddy? he said, looking at the knife. Several more shady looking men entered the alley behind him.
Cody certainly wouldnt have minded sticking the leader of his old gang; wouldnt have minded it at all. He eyed Julian, standing there wide open. He could just run up and, and 
Cody sighed and put the knife away.
Thats better, Julian said. Now, Cody, I thought we had an understanding.
I aint in your gang no more, Julian.
I know, I know, Julian nodded. I still think thats a mistake on your part, he said, thoughtfully. We have a lot to offer, you know.
Im doing fine.
Julian nodded again. Of course you are. I mean, look at this place. Its practically a mansion.
He sneered at the rough collection of furniture, tarps and junk that constituted Codys home.
But there are still rules, Cody, Julians tone became serious.
Wally, here, says you were at the Last Call today, he said, gesturing toward the scrawny fellow to his right.
The man nodded excitedly. Yep, seen em with my own eyes.
Cody sneered at Wally. The scrawny, ratlike fellow smiled back at him from safely behind his boss.
Julian looked back at Cody. Thats MY turf. You wanna work my turf, you either work for me, or you pay dues. Either way, as I see it, you owe me.
I didn get nothin today, Cody said.
Julian shook his head. Tsk, tsk. You shouldnt lie to me like that, Cody. You know that youre not good at it.
Cody looked sheepishly at the ground. It was true, he never was a good liar. Was never good at much of nothin really.
Julian stepped forward. Ill only ask one more time, and if I dont like the answer, Ill let the boys here pat you down, he grinned. Now, what have you got for me?
Cody took a deep breath and watched his dream of leaving the Heaps fly away as he pulled his prize out from behind his back and held it up.
Julian eyed the device with a puzzled sneer. What is THAT?
Cody shrugged, I dunno. A clock?
Julian looked at his men and chuckled incredulously, A CLOCK?
They all laughed.
Julian sighed, Cody, I dont know WHY I ever let you get away. He rolled his eyes.
Fine, he said, holding out his hand impatiently, give it here.
That doesnt belong to you, a female voice echoed down the alley.
All eyes turned to see a woman in a blue/gray dress standing defiantly in the alley entrance with her arms crossed, eyeing the group like a stern mother whod just caught a group of little children up to no good. Behind her stood a tall brute of a man in a wide hat whose scowl almost seemed to touch the ground, along with a thin, prissy-looking fellow and a little girl. Just a happy little family out for a picnic.
But this wasnt exactly the park. Julian glanced at his men and nodded. They seemed to get the message and slowly began to spread out.
Julian snatched the clock from Cody.
Thats right, Lovely, he grinned. It belongs to me.
You want it? He held the device up and shook it lightly. Maybe you can come and take it.
He backed up with a grin as his men stepped forward, brandishing all manner of clubs, knives and improvised weapons.
***
Alliele glanced at the four thugs as they slowly spread out to flank her troupe from the front. Two were armed with clubs, one brandished a rusty knife and the last sported a short section of metal pipe.
She really hadnt intended to fight these men but it didnt appear that they were very interested in talking. All she wanted was the Auraeometer, and preferably without bloodshed, on either side if she could help it.
She quickly took in the surroundings. The alley was about ten mets wide and closed in by brick structures on either side, each having several wooden doors but no windows. A series of tall utility poles ran along one side and a wooden fence roughtly two mets high closed off about three quarters of the far end of the street. The area was littered with a haphazard collection of trash ranging from old half-broken furniture to boxes of assorted, unidentifiable junk.
Three more from behind, whispered Astaban, as several more members of the apparent gang appeared from the shadows of the surrounding alleyways.
That made nine in total, counting the apparent leader and the blonde fellow from the market. 
Dagnard stepped forward, putting himself between Alliele and the four thugs in front. With a deep growl, he threw aside his wide hat and stomped heavily into a fighting stance.
Alliele spun around, putting her back to Dagnard with Astaban to her left and Abby behind and between them. She could feel the stone dragon behind her drawing Vim to charge his mantle. 
Try not to kill anyone, she whispered.
Dagnard only responded with an ambiguous grunt.
Does that rule apply to them as well? Astaban asked, referring to the encroaching thugs, notably without his characteristic optimism.
The gangers seemed to hesitate for a moment, perhaps wondering why Alliele and her group seemed more determined to fight than beg for their lives. 
Dagnard did not let them wonder for long. He marched deliberately toward the four approaching from the front.
One of the club wielding thugs summoned his courage and charged toward Dagnard with his weapon in both hands set back for a swing. 
With shocking speed, Dagnard stepped in beneath the man's attack, grabbed him by the front of the belt with one hand and, in one smooth motion, lifted him from the ground and flung him across the alley. The man bellowed in surprise as he crashed through one of the many piles of junk.
The man with the sap took advantage of the opening. With a resounding thunk, he cracked Dagnard across the head with the short metal pipe but the dragons invisible wards absorbed most of the strike. 
Unfazed by what should have been an incapacitating blow, Dagnard snapped around to face the stupified cretin.
Suddenly sensing that there was more to this opponent than he cared to deal with, the thug turned to run. But before the coward had even made it two steps, Dagnard turned and kicked him in the backside with a powerful front kick. The blow sent the man airborne for several mets before he landed hard on his behind and skidded to a halt. He rolled over, clutching at his tailbone and howling in pain.
Dagnard turned around to face his remaining two opponents, catching a club swing with his forearm. The runes of his mantle flashed red as they absorbed the blow, shattering the club into splinters. He grabbed that attacker by the shirt and held him fast as he turned his attention to the knife-wielding foe to his right.
***
The man with the sap slowly got to his feet, shaking his head and cursing to himself as he rubbed his backside. He noticed movement to his right and spun around to face Alliele, who was standing only a few mets away. He glanced back at Dagnard, then back at Alliele. The choice between tangling with that tattood freak or this helpless looking little morsel wasnt a hard one for even this simpleton to make. With an evil sneer, he headed toward her, brandishing his weapon menacingly.
Alliele fearfully backed away a step, keeping a careful eye on the approaching thug. 
The man charged forward with a yell--which abruptly ended in a short grunt as he smashed facefirst into an invisible something that stopped him dead in his tracks and sent him rebounding backward to the ground. He looked up at Alliele with an utterly befuddled expression, let out a short groan and passed out.
Alliele dropped her illusion weave and peeked around the thick, wooden utility pole that stood between her and her now unconscious attacker.
She gently patted the column. Thank you, she said with a smile.
***
Astaban backed up, keeping Abby behind him and warily watching the bald-headed thug brandishing a long metal pipe in front of him. He wracked his brain for a spell that he might use but, being unused to combat in human form, he felt rather overwhelmed and couldnt think of anything that seemed useful.
The man smirked.
When Im done with you, Im gonna have some fun with the little one, he chuckled and took a step forward.
Astaban retreated again, frantically running over his options. His leg brushed against a small barrel filled with various broken yard tools and other assorted junk. Without thinking, he reached over and grabbed at anything that might keep the attacker at bay while he figured out what to do. His hand came back up wielding a long metal rod. He clutched it in both hands like a sword and gave the man his best menacing glare. The thug looked him up and down and snickered.
The thug raised his weapon and charged in swinging. Astaban swung back attempting to parry. Both men missed several times until finally the weapons made contact with a resounding peal. The resulting vibration stunned them both into dropping their weapons.
Astaban shook his hands rapidly to ward off the stinging numbness then looked at the thug with an innocent smile. The thug was not amused. He dove in and grabbed Astaban by the throat with both hands. The two men staggered about, nearly tripping over the piles of junk as they struggled.
The thug pressed Astaban back over a large metal drum and bore down, choking off his air. This was an odd new sensation for the mist dragon, and, caught up in the panic of the moment, Astaban nearly forgot himself.
Abby grabbed an old rake handle and started smacking the thug across the back and head, forcing him to release his grip. He turned around and snatched the handle away from the youngster, snapping it in two as he glared furiously at her. He started to lunge at her and suddenly stopped short as something snatched him from behind and yanked him backwards off his feet.
The man scrambled back up and whirled around to see Astaban towering over him, his expression dark and ominous.
"Do not touch her."
The thug brushed himself off and threw Astaban a cocky smile.
"You gonna stop me?" he chuckled, then, without warning, lunged at Astaban with a strong right hook.
Astaban intercepted the man's fist in his open hand and began to squeeze, forcing the thug back. The man fell to his knees, wincing in pain as he tried to pry Astaban's fingers out of their crushing grip.
Astaban did not relent. He leaned forward and glared at the man with eyes that had become orbs of pure blue.
"If I must," he growled with an intensity that even made Abby back away fearfully.
***
Dagnard spun around, catching a charging thug with a forearm across the neck, knocking the man off his feet and dropping him to the ground with a loud grunt and rush of air. 
Dagnard then backed away, using his hands and forearms to block several quick slashes by the knife-wielding opponent. The cutting strikes rang out against his wards, shredding his shirt but causing only minor wounds.
Another thug charged in swinging a board full of nails. Dagnard dropped to the ground and rolled out from between the two men. The man with the knife pursued, taking several quick slashes at back of the evading stone dragon. Dagnard twisted onto his back and curled up to avoid a low swipe, then exploded into a powerful double kick at the charging attacker.
Too unbalanced to dodge, the thug caught the blow square in the gut, sending him flying backward. 
Julian ducked aside as his airborne companion crashed through the wooden fence literally inches away from him. He stepped back wide-eyed in surprise and gaped at the seemingly indomitable warrior that was ravaging his gang nearly single-handedly. Realizing that his side was now clearly overmatched, Julian panicked and bolted for one of the doors to a nearby building, attempting to escape with his prize and his life.
Dagnard rolled away from another swipe from the spiked club and saw Julian making a break for it. With a growl, he crouched down and channeled, calling on his innate Elandric magic, the power of earth and stone.
Julian was almost to the door when the ground beneath his feet suddenly heaved upward, cracking apart the pavement and flinging him back toward the center of the alley. He landed hard, smacking his head against the ground with enough force to knock him out cold. The Auraeometer flew from his hand, skittering and rolling across the ground until it disappeared into a pile of refuse.
***
From his hiding spot behind a filthy, old sofa, Cody saw the fancy clock go rolling across the ground only a few mets away.
He looked around the alley. No one seemed to notice him so far. The strangers were all occupied finishing off Julians gang.
This was his chance.
He lunged out, snatched up his prize and made a break for the gap in the fence. With any luck, hed be long gone before they even noticed.
***
Abby, watching from the other side of the battle, also saw the gang leader fall and the strange device hed been carrying go rolling across the ground.
She wasnt really sure what this Auraeometer was but she knew it was important. That must have been what the man had dropped.
Seeing an opportunity to be useful, she began skirting around the fight, working her way in that direction.
But before she could get to it, she saw the sandy-haired man peek out from behind the sofa, snatch the device and run away.
She glanced back at her companions. All were engaged in the fight and far too busy to notice the man escaping. Apparently, she was the only one who had seen him. If he got away, they might not find him again. There was no time to get help.
She cautiously stepped through the opening in the fence and entered the darker alley beyond. She looked all around for where the sandy-haired man might have gone but he had disappeared. There was no obvious place that he could be hiding but, a few dozen mets ahead, the alley appeared to turn sharply to the right. It seemed to be the only way he could have gone. Abby summoned her courage and set off in pursuit.
***
Cody sprinted to the end of the alley, turned around a corner and stopped suddenly as he realized that he'd mistakenly turned down a dead end. He didnt often come this way and, in his haste, hed forgotten about this cul de sac. Now he wasnt sure which direction to go, only that he didnt dare go back.
He heard a shuffling noise somewhere down the alley behind him. He pulled his knife, but the feel of the weapon in his hand offered little comfort. He found himself jumping at every sound while the inescapable images of Julian's gang being so casually pummeled filled his head.
He was so scared that he was shaking. Who were those people? Hed never seen anybody fight like that before. He doubted that even that guy that tore up those soldiers at the Last Call could do stuff like that. Cody had certainly heard a little bit about magic--everybody had--but hed never seen anything like that.
He had to get out of here. He slowly backed up, nervously scanning the area as he tried to remember which path to take. Suddenly, from behind him came the sounds of light, quick footsteps. Glancing back, he caught a flicker of movement in the corner of his eye. In pure terror, he spun around, closed his eyes, and desperately lashed out with the knife as a shadowy form lunged at him.
***
Cody's heart was pounding so hard that it felt like it would explode. His whole body was shaking with fear and adrenaline. He'd thought he was going to die. He still wasn't sure that he hadn't.
Then he felt a warm breath on his face. Slowly, he opened his eyes. To his surprise, staring back at him were the most beautiful brown eyes hed ever seen. They blinked several times, and began welling with tears. 
Cody pulled back to see a young girls face. A face he recognized. It was the girl from the alley, the one who'd showed up with those strangers. 
Fear suddenly gripped Cody again. She was one of those monsters. He tried to back away but she clung tightly to him, which only intensified his fear. Her mouth moved as she tried to speak but only faint whispers escaped her lips.
Cody forcefully wrenched free of her grip.
The girl took a few halting steps away from him and the shock on her face began to fade, replaced by confusion and fear as she clutched at the expanding red stain on her side.
Cody didn't understand until he looked down at the bloody knife in his hand, only then realizing the horror of what hed done. This was no monster.
Overwhelmed, he couldnt stop the flood of tears that formed in his eyes.
Im sorry, he whispered. I didn't mean it.
But she did not hear him. She began to swoon.
Cody rushed forward and caught her as she fell, collapsing down to his knees alongside her as she crumpled into his arms.
She stared up at the sky, mouthing silent words that Cody could not understand.
He looked around in utter confusion, praying that this was just some terrible dream--that someone would wake him up and tell him that it wasn't real. But there was no one else around. He was alone, alone and helpless to undo what he'd done.
He began sobbing uncontrollably.
Oh gods, Im so sorry!
***
Alliele twisted to the side, avoiding the street thugs attempted grab, then reached up and gently tapped his forehead, triggering the release of a sleeping charm. The man gasped deeply and collapsed at her feet.
She recomposed herself and turned to Dagnard, who had two of the thugs held up, one in each hand. He clopped them together with a bone jarring smack and both fell limp. He dropped them in a heap and stepped over their unconscious bodies as he approached her.
Alliele crossed her arms and shot the stone dragon an indignant stare.
Dagnard! she said with stern disapproval.
He looked around the alley and answered her glare with a questioning look.
I didn't kill anyone," he said with a shrug.
Nearby, Astaban stood over the unconscious body of the final ganger. He let out a sigh and tossed aside the broken board hed just cracked over the mans head.
Such a crude way of settling matters, he grumbled.
Alliele could only shake her head. She looked around. Unconscious gang members lay in heaps all around the alley. She would have rather not had to resort to violence but at least they would live. Perhaps they might learn something from the experience.
At any rate, it was done. Her primary concern now was to recover the Auraeometer and be out of the city before anything more unfortunate could occur.
Something suddenly seemed wrong. She scanned the area again.
Wheres Abby? she asked, a small knot of anxiety beginning to form in her breast.
"Abby?" she called out. There was no answer.
She looked at Astaban, her concern growing.
She was behind me," he said as he began searching around the piles of debris. "I lost track of her in the battle."
He took a quick tally of the bodies. One was missing. Where's the guy we followed down here?
Allieles concern began to become genuine fear. She spun around to face Dagnard. Dagnard, the Auraeometer!
He nodded and focused his senses, listening for the familiar harmonic of the artifact. He heard it almost instantly and, to his surprise, not very far away.
This way! he said as he headed deeper into the alley.
They ran down the alley with Alliele taking the lead, fear driving her pace. As she turned the corner she stopped short, covered her mouth and gasped.
Abby was there; laying in the arms of that sandy-haired man, blood soaking her dress and the ground.
ABBY! Alliele screamed as she charged forward and dropped to her knees. She pulled the girl away from the man, shoving him backward. She looked over the girl frantically, afraid to touch the seeping wound.
By the Stone! What have you DONE?! she screamed at Cody, tears rolling down her face. She cradled Abby in her arms, wiping the pirspiration from the girls pale face. "She's a child!"
Cody was too dumbstruck to answer.
Alliele hugged Abby close. "How could you?" she sobbed, "How could you?"
Cody scampered backwards. I didnt mean it. I He looked at the knife in utter disgust then threw it away and tried desperately to wipe the blood from his hands.
Astaban and Dagnard came around the corner and paused as they took in the scene. Astaban slowly stepped up beside Alliele and watched solemnly.
Dagnard charged forward and grabbed Cody by the shirt, lifting him off the ground. The warrior's mantle flared like fire. The little man bellowed in terror.
"Dagnard! No!" yelled Alliele, giving the stone dragon pause. "Don't hurt him! Please."
Dagnard dropped Cody to the ground and glared at him with a look that could melt iron.
Abby looked up at Alliele. She was trembling terribly and every breath was a wheezing effort. Mommy? she gasped, coughing several times. Mommy! she cried out.
Alliele couldnt stand it. 
She put her face to the girl's. Im here, she whispered. Im here.
Alliele could barely speak. For all purposes, she was the girl's mother now. She certainly felt all the agony of a parent losing a child.
But she would not lose Abby. Not like this. Not when she could do something about it.
She gently laid Abby down then stood up.  With a final glare at Cody, she turned away. Astaban watched her with a downcast expression, knowing what she was about to attempt, and knowing the odds.
The Healing was a powerful weave, and one of the most difficult. There were few dragons who could channel it, and fewer still who would do so for a human. To even attempt it, Alliele would have to use her full concentration and effort. She could not maintain her transformation weaves while channeling the Healing; the strain was simply too much.
Alliele walked to the center of the cul de sac and turned around. She looked at Abby, firming her resolve, and took a deep breath. One by one, she unraveled the complex illusion weaves that maintained her human appearance. She closed her eyes and steeled herself for the inevitable distorientation of transformation.
Cody stared in awe as the woman before him morphed into the massive, silver-scaled form of a mist dragon before his eyes. Terrified by a sight that he could barely comprehend, he tried to crawl away. 
Dagnard grabbed his shoulder, holding him fast. 
Astaban backed off to give Alliele space, joining the others. He looked down at Cody with a somber expression.
Watch, and remember what you see here today, he said quietly.
Alliele shook her head and fanned her wings a bit. It normally took some time to fully readjust to her dragon form but she had to hurry. She fought the unsteadiness of her legs and stepped over to Abby.
She gently picked up the dying girl in her foreclaws and clutched her against her breast. She reached deep, channeling her own life energy, Vim in its purest form. Powerful healing demanded it.
She stretched out with her consciousness. Abbys aura was fading quickly. Alliele latched onto it, wrapped it gently in the embrace of her own aura, using her life force to sustain the girls spirit while the magic repaired her vessel.
Alliele then turned her attention to the wound, a festering blackness that slowly expanded, like a weed choking the life from a delicate flower. She wrapped it in tendrils of magic, attemping to contain it. It resisted her; the damage was deep. She tapped more of her energy and tried once more but the blackness continued to expand. Abby's body was dying; her organs failing. Again and again, Alliele summoned her energy, reinforcing the Healing weaves, trying desperately to get ahead of the expanding darkness. 
Cody was awestriken by what he saw. The dragon and the girl were awash in wispy strands of white light. He could almost hear what sounded like music, faintly echoing through his own body. It warmed him, easing his fear. Tears welled in his eyes.
He recalled his mother telling him stories about angels when he was just a boy, so many cycles ago. Once he'd grown up hed come to think those stories were pretty ridiculous. Stuff like that didnt exist. 
Suddenly, those stories didnt seem so ridiculous anymore.
After several long minutes, the blackness of the wound slowly began to withdraw, finally withering to nothingness. The Healing was complete. Alliele released the strands of energy that entwined Abbys weak, but now stable, aura and allowed it to settle back to her body. The girl took a breath, then settled into a deep, recuperative sleep. Alliele laid her gently back on the ground, then turned slowly away.
With her remaining strength, Alliele reassembled her illusion weaves, nearly fainting from the strain. Astaban ran over to catch her before she collapsed. After a few deep breaths, she managed to compose herself but she was still extremely weak. It would take, at the very least, several days for her innate Vim to fully recover from the drain.
With Astaban's help, she slowly walked over to Cody. Her fury at him was gone; drained away by the efforts of the Healing and pacified by the knowledge that Abby would recover. She looked down at him with a tired smile and gestured to the Auraeometer. Cody hadn't even realized that he was still holding it.
You have something that doesnt belong to you, she said quietly.
Cody stared up at her, transfixed by her blue eyes. He wasn't even sure if any of this was real anymore. He didnt even notice as his prize dropped from his trembling fingers.
***
The armored personnel carrier roared down the street, its reinforced tires digging furrows through piles of trash as it plowed along the Heaps cluttered backstreets. The vehicle turned a tight corner and skidded to a stop. Small tubes on the APC's roof fired off, sending small smoke canisters skittering down the alley, which quickly filled the area in a dense, gray fog.
The rear hatch dropped down with a loud thump and, with practiced focus, the crack CAF rapid response team poured out of the vehicle. They charged into the smoke with rifles at the ready, the faint greenish glow of their cyclopic EVI goggles cutting through the haze as they rapidly fanned out to secure the area.
Lieutenant Seth Deiter followed his unit into the alley. He looked around with an air of disdain as his team inspected the roughly half dozen bodies that lay scattered about the area.
It looked like a local street gang had picked a fight with someone, or something, they couldnt handle. Remarkably, they all seemed to be alive, more or less. Deiter holstered his EP rifle and shook his head as he keyed his EComm.
Ranger One, this is Deiter. We've reached the location of the reported etheric signature, He glanced down and sneered at one of the thugs laying sprawled in the dirt by his feet. Whatever happened here, it looks like we missed the party. Anything on your end?
Negative, sir. Scopes clean. Instructions?
Deiter sighed. The APCs mobile EDAR was telling him pretty much what his own Vimsense did. Whatever had caused that massive Vim spike had apparently gone silent, for now. It didnt hurt to be careful, though.
Do a quick sweep of B-Section," he said. "Well check this area out and rendevous with you there.
Understood.
Deiter lifted his EVIs and glanced over at the teams sergeant, who was checking out some poor sap that appeared to have been thrown through a wooden fence.
Any ideas on what did this? he asked.
The sergeant pursed his lips in thought. Something big? he shrugged.
Deiter just shook his head and snickered.
A soldier ran up to them and saluted.
Sir, we found a conscious one.
Show me, Deiter said.
This way, Sir.
Deiter nodded to the sergeant and they followed the soldier down the alley and around a corner where the teams medic was trying to tend to some scruffy street rat who was curled up in a corner, muttering to himself and shaking like a terrified meadow mouse.
The guy was covered in blood and there was a pool of it on the ground nearby. There was also a bloody knife laying a few mets away, but no body. Curious.
Whats the matter with him? Deiter asked.
The medic stood up and shook his head. Im not sure, Sir. He's got no serious injuries that I can see."
"So the blood's not his?"
"I don't think so, Sir."
Deiter looked down at the pathetic sight. "What's he saying?"
The medic glanced back at the man. "I think he's delusional. He just keeps muttering on about angels and dragons and" he paused.
Dragons? Deiter said, sharing a serious glance with the sergeant. Maybe there was something to that etheric signature afterall.
He looked back to the medic, suddenly finding himself a bit more interested in the ramblings of this street rat.
Anything else? he asked.
The medic seemed to hesitate a bit then finally shrugged.
Something about a clock, Sir.


THIRTEEN

Evening, 6 Luun, 1396
Northern Calandra

Ryan dropped the bundle of wood, keeping one piece which he tossed onto the fire. He removed his leather gloves and dropped them onto his pack by the large log near which hed made the camp for the night. He took a quick moment to rest, then looked about the area for something else to do. Hed set up camp, cleaned and oiled his armor and weapons, and gathered enough spare firewood to last for days. He needed something--anything--to take his mind off the situation.
Ryan was still anxious about the Auraeometer, despite Gantros insistence that he try to be patient. He couldnt comprehend how the drake could remain so calm under the circumstances. Ryan was ready to begin punching trees just to relieve the tension. Instead, he just plopped down against the log and gazed up at the stars.
Several kilomets to the North, out of view but clearly in Ryans thoughts, was Linfield. Somewhere in that vast cess pool, as Captain Nemuri had put it, was the Auraeometer. The most precious artifact of his Order; entrusted to him by the Lord Marshal himself, having never ONCE been taken beyond the protective confines of Citadel Warrn. 
And Ryan had managed to lose it in less than two days.
He'd replayed the fight in the pub in his head dozens of times. He was absolutely certain that was where he'd lost the device but, beyond that, he had no idea how he would find it.
It had been hours since he and Gantros had left the city and the uncertainty about the artifact's whereabouts was driving him crazy. Had someone found it? Was it even still in the city? What if the Coalition had found it? Every minute that passed while he sat here might be putting it further out of reach. 
And THAT was what frustrated him the most:  the sense of helplessness. He couldnt simply walk back into the city to look for the device. Hed barely escaped the last time and it was doubtful that even Nemuri would be sympathetic a second time. 
But he couldnt simply leave either. Beyond the priceless nature of the Auraeometer, he needed it if he was to have any chance of completing his mission. He felt trapped, and Ryan hated feeling trapped.
The rustle of air in the treetops announced Gantross return from the hunt, although Ryan had known for some time that the drake was on his way back. Gantros landed in a nearby clearing and crawled to the camp. He found himself a comfortable spot, settled in and curled up like some enormous housecat.
Well, what do you think? Ryan asked as he picked up a long twig and began uncousciously breaking it into ever-smaller pieces.
The wild kappo here are tough and lean. The drake said. Warrns were much softer.
Leave it to Gantros to be more concerned about food.
I meant the city, Ryan said, Did you scout the perimeter?
Gantros shifted his head slightly to face Ryan.
Yes.
And?
The gates are closed and there are many patrols.
Ryan threw the broken bits of wood into fire in disgust. Of course the city would be locked down at night to keep out intruders. He didnt know why hed bothered to hope for anything different.
There is nothing more we can do at the moment. Try to relax.
Right, Ryan muttered. He had little hope that he would relax tonight. Tomorrow he would simply have to try and sneak back into the city, despite the dangers, and despite any protests from Gantros.
That still left him with little to do for now. Gantros seemed content enough to sleep and rightly so. The drake needed the rest, having done all the real work in getting them this far.
Ryan dug into his pack for his field rations. He wasnt really hungry but he needed to keep up his strength. Weakening himself with malnutrition wasnt going to do him any good.
As he pulled out the ration pack, he noticed the Oraculum, still wrapped in its protective cloth, near the bottom of the satchel. Setting the rations aside, he pulled out the book and set it on his lap. He pulled aside the cloth and looked at the cover, really for the first time.
It was dark leather and embossed with silver designs and elaborate scrollwork around the title.

THE ORACULUM
The Collected Works of Tem of Calahn

He gently fanned the pages of the book with his thumb. The paper was obviously of a high grade, an expensive rarity due to the war. Judging by that and the quality of the cover design, Lianes parents must have paid a significant sum for this copy. Ryan suddenly felt a bit guilty about the conditions under which hed been keeping it.
Why had Liane trusted him with this? Seems that people trusting him with valuable possessions was becoming a trend in his life of late.
He opened the cover and glanced at the inscription, which sparked a rush of memories from a few days earlier, and the events that led to his being here. He thought of Lianes reaction when hed spurned her attentions on the wall, then the odd look on her face when shed handed him this very book. Not particularly prone to regrets, Ryan still wished he'd handled that situation better.
Liane had given him this book for a reason. She believed in the Wyrmweaver, certainly more than he did. Assuming that she suspected the nature of his mission, then perhaps this was her way of helping him. Maybe he should at least try to read the thing?
Ryan sighed. The truth was, he hated reading. Not that he was particularly bad at it. He just hated it. Maybe it was a holdover from his miserable days in school or maybe he was just more inclined to physical pursuits. Whatever the reason, he simply lacked the patience for staring at words.
Patience. Wasnt that what Gantros had suggested. Always trust your drake, right? 
Ryan sensed a strong affirmative from the supposedly sleeping drake. He just shook his head and smiled. His suspicions of a friendlly conspiracy against him were beginning to seem well founded.
Gantros suddenly snapped up, fully alert. Ryan reacted instantly, dropping the book and grabbing his sword as he jumped to his feet. He strained to hear what had spooked the drake but the woods were silent, to his ears, anyway.
Through the bond, he tapped into Gantros senses. He was not literally able to see through drakes eyes or hear what the drake could hear, but, in an indirect way, if Gantros percieved something, Ryan could sense it as well. 
He became aware of a sound carrying faintly through the still night air. A voice; a voice crying for help.
Ryan set off with a start, diving headlong into the brush toward the direction of the sound.
Ryan! Gantros called after him, clearly concerned.
Guide me! Ryan instructed the drake.
Northeast.
What? Which way is that? Ryan exclaimed, completely distoriented in the blackness of the forest.
Slightly left. Not far.
Ryan heard the sound with his own ears now. It was a female voice.
Can anyone hear me? she cried, Help me! Please!
Ryan slowed down and crept forward with his blade at the ready, suspicious of a possible trap. As his eyes finally adjusted to the darkness away from the fire, he could begin to make out some details of the forest in the shafts of moonlight that pierced the canopy.
Is someone there? the voice called out, Who are you?
Ryan stopped. She must have heard him approach. Clumsy on his part. Nothing to do, now, but announce himself.
My name is Ryan Gedric! he said, I heard you calling. Im here to help.
Oh, thank the Sovereigns! I the voice cut off with a short yelp.
Ryan charged toward the direction of the cry. He burst into a small clearing and came upon a young woman lying in a heap where shed apparently tripped over a large tree root. She pushed herself up to her hands and knees and coughed a few times. Her long silvery-blond hair was a tangled mess riddled with leaves and her rather elegant dress was spattered with mud.
Ryan reached down and helped her to her feet. Her delicate hands were scuffed and dirty, having apparently caught several previous falls.
Oh thank you! she said in a concise and proper Calandran dialect. I was beginning to think this forest would be my death.
It was obvious that the woman was well-bred and completely out of her element. 
Who are you? Ryan asked, glancing about the clearing, still not wholly convinced that this wasnt some elaborate ambush setup.
I am Alliele Ardmont, Daughter of Lord Enfric Ardmont, she announced, seeming a bit offended that he had to ask. She glanced him over. "My Lady will suffice for one of your station, if you please."
"Of course, my Lady," Ryan said.
It was as he'd suspected and possibly worse. Her willingness to throw her name and lineage out to a total stranger under the circumstances showed an incredible naivet on her part. Fortunate for her that it had been Ryan who found her and not someone of a less scrupulous nature.
How did you get out here, my Lady? he asked.
I was travelling to Lelante.
Alone?
Of course not, you ninny, she snapped with a hint of exasperation, My escorts are back at our camp. 
She paused thoughfully. Or, at least, they were. They should be looking for me by now.
Or, at least theyd better be, she added, putting her fists to her hips and frowning indignantly. Ryan almost chuckled but caught himself.
Well, my camp is not far, my Lady, he said, You can warm up by the fire, if you wish, while we figure out how to find your companions. 
He gestured in the direction of the camp.
Alliele pulled a few leaves from her hair and did her best to smooth the mess back behind her ears.
I very much would like that, she said, lifting her skirts out of the dirt and marching off with all the dignity she could muster. After a few steps, she stopped and looked back at him. Um, perhaps you should lead the way.
Ryan smiled and shook his head. This had to be the most unlikely encounter he could have imagined. With another quick look around, he set off, leading the way to the camp, using his sword to cut a path through the underbrush.
I suppose that you will expect some kind of reward for this, Alliele scoffed, carefully picking her way along the improvised trail behind him.
Of course not, my Lady.
She snorted in disbelief.
Mock humility, she said, I know your type. You will play the gentleman now, only to fleece my father in secret once you've seen me home.
Ryan slashed away a low hanging branch. 
I assure you, my Lady, that you, nor your father, owe me anything at all. I only wish to see you safely back to your companions.
What sort of a man finds a lone woman in the forest, does not take advantage of her AND refuses a potentially sizeable reward for returning her unharmed? she asked incredulously. 
Ryan stopped and spun around. Are you implying that you want me take advantage of you, my Lady?
She stopped and looked at him sullenly as though she'd only now become aware of the potential danger of her situation.
I didnt think so, Ryan said, turning back and continuing toward the camp. Dont worry, I wont.
So, what are you, some sort of monk or something? she asked, causing Ryan to chuckle out loud.
Not exactly, he said, Im a dragonknight, of the Order of Balthas.
Indeed, she said, not sounding wholly convinced, You will need a better story than that, Mr. Ryan. 
"Ive read the old tales in my fathers library. There have been no dragonknights for centuries.
I swear its true, my Lady. And I should warn you that Gantros is waiting at camp. Dont be afraid when you see him.
Ryan stepped out of the brush and into the light of the campfire. He moved aside and held back the branches for her.
Alliele strode past him into the camp.
I suppose that Gantros is supposed to be your-- 
She stopped and gasped, staring incredulously at the massive drake laying half way around the camp.
"--dragon," she finished, her voice dropping to a whisper.
Hes amazing, she said breathlessly as she cautiously approached the drake, a broad smile on her face.
Oh! she jumped in surprise as Gantros opened his eyes.
Ryan walked over and put a hand on Gantross head to show that it was safe.
He wont hurt you, he said, taking her hand and gently placing on the drakes neck. She seemed to relax somewhat as she ran her hand gently along the scales.
You know, Gantros could take us to your camp in no time, Ryan suggested.
You mean fly? she asked uncertainly as she pulled her hand back.
I assure you that its quite safe, Ryan said. Hes never dropped anyone.
She scrutinized both of them, perhaps trying to determine if Ryan was joking. 
I dont know. Perhaps, she said cautiously, but I have been walking for some time and I am not sure my heart is ready for another fright just now. Might I rest a bit first?
Of course, my Lady.
Ryan grabbed his bedroll, folded it over several times and set it on the log as a makeshift cushion. Alliele sat down gently and removed her slippers. She settled in and smoothed her skirts, spreading them out so that the fire might dry them faster.
Ryan offered her his waterskin and took a seat against a nearby tree.
You still havent told me how you came to be in the forest alone," he said.
She looked dubiously at the waterskin, then tried to discreetly wipe the mouthpiece before taking a sip.
It is rather embarassing, but if you must know, I ran away.
Was it one of those arranged marriage kind of things? Ryan grinned.
Nothing so dramatic, she sniffed, shoving the waterskin back at him.
Ryan stoppered the bag and set it aside, waiting expectantly for her to continue.
Alliele picked up a small branch and began to idly fidget with it.
I had to relieve myself. I went into the forest. There was some kind of hideous creature in the brush. It startled me and I ran. Before I knew it I was lost.
Ryan couldnt believe it.
That was it? he almost laughed.
Alliele huffed.
I told you it was embarrassing, she said, her face turning red.
And your companions? They didnt come after you? Ryan asked.
Probably too deep in their drinking to notice I was even missing, she said, clearly annoyed.
Now you know and we will talk of this no more.
Ryan smiled.
As you wish, my Lady.
And what of you, Sir Ryan? she asked, changing the subject, Why are you out here in these woods? Are you lost as well?
Ryan was caught a bit off guard by her question.
Im looking for someone, he said, feeling suddenly despondent at the thought of his mission. He hadnt realized how distracted hed been by this encounter.
Oh? A princess? Alliele smiled eagerly. Every knight has a princess, after all, isnt that right?
Ryan had to admit that her enthusiasm and ingenuousness were certainly endearing, even in his rather foul mood.
Something like that, he said with a weak smile.
Where is she? she asked.
I dont know, he said, half-heartedly playing along, and Ive lost the key to finding her.
Alliele pursed her lips in thought. Well, I suppose that if questing were easy, it wouldnt really be called a quest, would it?
You will find her somehow, she said confidently. You must have faith.
You sound like Gantros, Ryan said, looking away into the darkness.
Alliele poked at the coals near her feet with the stick, sending small plumes of sparks dancing upward.
Ah yes, your dragon, she said with just a hint of sarcasm.
Ryan looked back at her. My friend, he corrected.
Alliele glanced up at him, smiled, then looked back down and resumed pushing errant coals back into the larger pile.
Of course."
She was beginning to like this Ryan.
They sat in silence for a moment, each pondering their own situation, until finally Alliele spoke up.
I have an idea! she said excitedly, Maybe I can grant luck to your quest.
Ryan looked at her with a dubious expression.
You know, like in the old tales. A knight would request the favor of a noble lady for luck, she explained, It would just be for fun, of course.
Ryan was really in no mood for fun and games at the moment.
My Lady, I dont think
Oh, please! she begged, Indulge me. I will be the envy of all my friends. Her large blue eyes shone brightly in contrast to her dirty face and disheveled hair. Shed had a rough night, and if this would make her happy, then, despite his misgivings, Ryan could hardly say no.
Very well, he said, walking over and kneeling at her feet.
She sat up as regally as she could manage for sitting on a log in the forest.
Ryan wracked his brain for the words that would sound like an oath without actually binding him in some unforseen way.
He took a breath and started to speak.
Wait, she interrupted, shaking her head, Something is missing.
She put her finger to her chin as she looked about. 
Ah yes, a favor! she exclaimed, A token for you to keep in memory of your service to me.
Ryan was losing patience with this game. He looked away as Alliele dug around in her small valise.
Here we are, she said after a moment.
My Lady, I assure you that I require no Ryan began to say, then glanced up--and nearly fell down in shock. Resting in Alliele's lap was the Auraeometer. Ryan was too dumbstruck to speak. It wasnt possible.
You like it? she asked, A little bauble I picked up in the market today before leaving Linfield. 
Its a pretty thing, to be sure," she said, "but, as I think upon it, it really is too heavy to wear and does not match any of my outfits.
She shrugged and offered it to Ryan.
It will have to suffice, she sighed.
Ryan was utterly speechless as he took the Auraeometer in his hands. As he turned it slightly, the firelight glinted off of the circle of runes etched into its golden surface. The crystal in the center flickered gently and the device hummed with a faint melodic tone. The small needle pointed West, and the device gently pulled in that direction. It was working again!
It took Ryan a moment to find his ability to speak again. He grabbed Alliele's hand and squeezed gently as he looked at the ground.
My Lady, you cannot fathom my debt to you. Whatever you wish, be it within my power and the bounds of my Oath to the Order, I will see it done.
Alliele was practically beaming.
Oh, that was quite good, she clapped. Very authentic. Just like the stories.
Ryan was almost afraid to let the Auraeometer out of his sight for even a moment but he managed to put it in his satchel, double checking that the fasteners were secure this time.
Alliele watched him curiously. Finally, she yawned and blinked several times.
Oh, it is so late. I suppose I really should be returning to my camp, she said, standing up.
Ryan stood up.
Of course, my Lady.
They walked over to Gantros, who was quite awake, having been watching the conversation with interest and no small amount of amusement. 
How will we find my camp in the dark? Alliele asked.
Gantross senses are excellent, Ryan said, And a fire can be seen easily from the air.
You may want these, he said, offering her his riding goggles.
She strapped them on awkwardly and smiled. The goggles looked enormous on her and Ryan chuckled until her frown made him stop.
He carefully lifted her into the saddle then climbed up behind her.
Hold on to the straps, he said, Dont worry about falling off. Ill hold onto you. 
He hooked his feet in the stirrups, and reached forward to grab the belts that held his sword and rifle, keeping her tight between his arms.
Are you ready? he asked.
She nodded and, at Ryans mental command, Gantros leaped into the air, beating hard to gain altitude.
Alliele was pressed hard into Ryans chest by the force of liftoff. As soon as they leveled off she sat up and looked around. The forest spread out below them for kilomets in all directions. To the east, the great Uregal mountains rose majestically toward the starry sky. She looked up at the moon, so large and bright it seemed as though she could touch it.
Alamander was right. She did long for the sky. And it had been far too long.
She leaned forward in the saddle, spread her arms, and lost herself in the feeling of the wind.
Far too soon for Alliele, Gantros found the camp. It consisted of two wagons, several horses and a small fire, all arranged in a clearing near a small stream. 
Gantros spiraled in for a landing a short distance away. Ryan dismounted first, then helped Alliele down to the ground. She removed the goggles and handed them back to him.
Thank you, Sir Ryan. That was exhilarating."
Perhaps someday, my Lady, we will meet again and you may take a longer flight.
I look forward to it, she said with a smile.
Two men approached from the camp. One, a surly looking fellow that had to be over two mets tall and with arms as thick as Ryans leg that were covered in elaborate tatoos. Not someone that Ryan would choose to go up against in a fight.
The other was shorter and slender, with long dark hair and a scholarly look about him.
Alliele huffed.
As I thought, the louts did not even try to find me.
She stormed out to meet them. Ryan waited with Gantros, checking the harnesses so as not to appear to eavesdrop, though it certainly appeared that the men were getting an earful.
After a brief and animated conversation the trio walked over and Alliele introduced them, indicating each in turn.
Sir Ryan, may I introduce Astaban, my assistant, and Dagnard, my personal guard.
I would surely have died had not Sir Ryan gallantly rescued me, she said, throwing the men looks of disapproval.
The big guy looked away and grumbled, then walked up to Ryan. The mans chin was even with the top of Ryans head.
Sir Ryan, is it? he said, looking down at him. You and your drake have our gratitude.
Ryan got the feeling hed just been sized up. 
The slender fellow stepped up and firmly shook Ryans hand. He was stronger than he appeared.
Indeed. We should reward you for your service. Perhaps monetary compensation?
No need, Ryan said. Her Ladyship has already rewarded me far beyond the worth of any deed I might have done.
Dagnard looked confused.
Astaban shot Alliele a questioning glance. She looked away slightly abashed.
Ryan wasnt sure what to make of this rather unusual band of characters. He cleared his throat.
Well, everything seems to be in order. If you all will excuse me, I should take my leave. I am sure her Ladyship wishes to rest after her ordeal. 
He bowed to Alliele.
My Lady.
She nodded back and smiled.
Ryan mounted up and, with a quick wave to the trio on the ground, gave Gantros the order to take off. With a leap, drake and rider were airborne and on their way. Ryan watched the camp get swallowed by the forest as they got further away.
Well, she was certainly interesting. Ryan said.
I dont think she was your type. Gantros said, seeming amused.
Oh? And why is that?
Drakes intuition. the drake replied, saying no more as he pretended to focus on flying.
***
For the second time that day, Alliele watched Sir Ryan and his drake fly away, only, this time, she did so with a measure of hope.
Had she done the right thing? Who was to say that Ryan was to be the one to find the Wyrmweaver? Her?
Apparently so.
She was taking a great risk. Not even the mighty dragon Augurs could completely foretell events when humankind was involved. Humans had an odd penchant for bending the threads of fate. She could only hope that Ryan would bend those threads in the proper direction.
Dagnard came up behind her and cleared his throat.
If you are quite finished fooling around, may I remind you that we must still return to the Assemblage with the Auraeometer.  Where is it?
I gave it back, she said.
Astaban laughed abruptly, almost as though hed been expecting the answer. 
Dagnard did not share the mist dragons amusement.
What, why?! he stammered, We were fortunate to retrieve it at all and you simply hand it away again? What about the Wyrmweaver, the Deliberative?
Alliele glanced at the two of them. Astaban simply regarded her with one eyebrow cocked questioningly. She looked pensively back toward the direction Ryan had gone.
Things must be allowed to play out as they will, she said.
Dagnard turned away, grunting in disgust. 
Astaban nodded. I see. So what now? He smiled slightly as if thinking of some personal joke.
We go to Galas, Alliele replied as she canceled the weaves that created the illusionary camp. The fire, wagons and horses vanished, leaving only a small, quiet clearing in the forest.
Dagnard snorted. Galas is besieged. Several Imperium Legions. It will not hold, the burly warrior growled, turning back to face her. By the Stone, why would... he trailed off, realization setting in.
Astaban continued nodding to himself, then looked away, feigning interest in the trees.
Galas, the famed city of Temples, he said, So, could this mean that you DO believe the Prophecy, after all?
Alliele shot him an annoyed look. Noticing her glare, he feigned surprise.
Have a care, Astaban, Alliele warned, Faith in prophecy is not unlike weaving a flawed spell. You seldom get anything at all and you never get what you intended.
We go to Galas, she said, and we wait to see what unfolds.


FOURTEEN

Morning, 7 Luun, 1396
Nhaam Valley Region, Northern Calandra, 
Coalition Border Sector 16

CAS Adamant settled into a narrow valley at an altitude of one hundred and forty mets, practically scraping her keel spar on the tops of the highest trees below. CSF, or close-surface-flight, standard practice near hostile territory, made the ship less viewable against the horizon and was particularly well suited to the region with its high hills and deep valleys. 
While ineffective against magical detectors such as EDAR arrays, which could easily detect the etheric wake generated by the ships powerful siphoning reactors, CSF would make the ship less vulnerable to visual identification and enemy fire, which was typically restricted to line of sight. Besides, not all would-be spies had the advantage of magical detection.
High atop the ships armored superstructure, the COC, or Combat Operations Center, offered a wide view of the surrounding valley. At the front of the room was the main bridge, comprising the helm controls, compass binnacle, and chart table. A semicircular array of large, armored-glass windows gave the crew a clear view of the forward one hundred eighty degrees of the horizon and armored hatches to the port and starboard sides led to wing bridges where observers constantly scanned the area around the ship.
Behind the bridge, the main portion of the COC was occupied by a myriad of consoles and displays:  communications, EDAR sensors, weapon systems and the gate navigators station. The greenish glow of a multitude of round display terminals cast the crew in an eerie, ghostly light, while the rest of the room was dimly lit by red lamps mounted amongst the tangle of pipes and wires covering the low ceiling. 
Dominating the center of the room was the two met diameter ops table. Flickering across the slightly convex surface was a hazy holomagic image of the area surrounding the ship, constantly updated as if one were viewing the vessel from some vantage point high above. Based on information collated from the ships sensor systems and updated by a link to local ScryNet monitoring stations, it was a near real-time view of local physical and Etheric space.
From his station on the main bridge, Midshipman Callahan nudged the helm back to center, allowing the ships momentum to complete its slow starboard turn and settle the massive vessel gently onto its new course. He smiled to himself as the bearing indicator slowed to a dead stop on three-one-zero.
Port turn complete, he reported. Course now steady at three-one-zero at twelve knots. 
Standing next to the ops table, Adamant's first officer, Commander Marc Bauman checked his watch.
Thank you, he said, jotting the time and heading on his logboard. "Navigation, current position?
Now leaving border section fifteen for section sixteen. Running twelve kilomets south and parallel to the Lanley-Kustav line, Sir, reported the navigator, Ensign Caley. Her voice sounded just a bit nervous, which was justifiable being the young trainee's first time manning the station alone.
Bauman stepped over to the chart table and verified that Caley had properly updated Adamants current position. He was sure she would be a fine navigator, once she got a little more experience under her belt. He gave the young sailor a reassuring pat on the shoulder to ease her anxiety then surveyed the chart and the course plot, trying, once again, to puzzle out why they were even out here in this backwater region. 
The Nhaam Valley lay nestled in the lowlands between Araps Wall and the Haldar Mountains. Over thousands of cycles, the areas rough, rocky hills had been carved apart by countless small rivers and streams that ran down from the surrounding heights, eventually coalescing into the large Blue River which bisected the land for hundreds of kilomets before emptying into the numerous lakes of western Calandra to the South. The result was a crisscrossing array of crags and valleys covered by stubborn grasses and patches of deciduous trees. The area was practically impassible to ground troops making it a natural border between what used to be the TLanthan provinces of Rheinwar and Malast to the north and the Calandran states of Eldlenmar and Gheldan to the south.
Overall, the region had little strategic value, just endless hills of grass dotted with isolated kappo farms. 
Bauman suspected that there might be more to this deployment than Captain Halvere was letting on but, thus far, his superior had remained silent regarding their orders. 
Bauman had served under Geoffrey Halvere on the Adamant for the past six cycles and, before that, on the cruiser CAS Emery. When Halvere had requested him as his first officer on Adamant, Bauman had jumped at the chance. Hed never regretted it once. Halvere was as good a captain as there was in the Coalition Air Navy, and an honorable man, which, sadly, seemed to be a diminishing quality in the upper ranks these days. 
Bauman was confident that whatever the reason for their deployment, Halvere would fill him in whenever he needed to know. 
In the meantime, his orders were to follow the course on that chart. If the Air Navy wanted to send a seasoned battlecruiser on a quiet tour of the northern Calandran countryside, who was he to argue?
Commander?
It was Chief Hurst, one of the two EDAR operators on duty. Lifting the visor of his bulky ERIS headset, he turned toward the ops table. Sir, I think you should see this.
Bauman tucked the logboard under his arm and walked over to the EDAR station. The large panel took up nearly one full side of the COC and contained two identical stations consisting of a large, round monitor surrouded by a dizzying array of buttons, gauges, dials and switches. Each operator wore a large helmet attached to the console by a thick cable. Inside the helm was an ERIS lens similar to those used in portable EVI goggles and high-fidelity headphones which allowed the user to hear the harmonics of the Etherum.
Ive got an anomalous contact about fifteen klicks, bearing 0-8-0.
On monitor, Bauman ordered.
Aye, sir, Hurst replied as he adjusted the myriad of controls surrounding the large round display at his station. A confusing kaleidoscope of colors burst across the screen then quickly resolved to reveal a visual representation of the Etherum around the ship.
Bauman leaned in, intensely scrutinizing the pulsing red rings on the display indicating the harmonic distortion detected by the ships sensitive sensor network.
Magnitude? Bauman asked.
One point five kD, Hurst said, working to focus the signal.
Bauman looked at the slowly fading red ring. Fifteen hundred Dynards was a fairly sizeable distortion.
What the Dust IS that? he wondered aloud.
Hurst made another adjustment. Im not sure, sir. Lensing effect from the ley line is really screwing with the harmonics, he said with a note of frustration. 'Sorry sir, I cant sort it out enough for a positive ID.
Second contact, reported ensign Tiesdale, rapidly adjusting the controls of her station next to Hursts. One point seven kD. Bearing 0-8-3, fourteen kilomets.
Bauman didnt like this. That made at least two Vim spikes erupting within fifteen kilomets of the Adamant, and fairly large ones at that. Distance and direction placed them within the nearby ley line but, due to the distortion, even that reading might be wrong.
He grabbed the nearby handset and dialed the captains quarters. As he waited for Halvere to pick up, he pointed at the screen.
Keep working on it, he ordered. I want to know what that is.
Aye, sir. Hurst replied, sounding slightly doubtful as he continued trying to filter out the signals.
***
Lanis nudged the sausage with her fork, gently separating the tiny links from where theyd rolled into her eggs during the ships last maneuver. She was sitting in the officers' mess, a small, cozy room a few levels below the COC, not far from the officer staterooms. 
Compared to the crew's mess, where Lanis normally ate along with her teammates and the ships crew, this room was fairly lavish, at least by Navy standards. Even the benches were padded.
But despite the physical comforts, Lanis found herself a bit on edge.
Across the plain, wooden table, Captain Geoffrey Halvere seemed completely oblivious to the rocking of the vessel as he casually sipped his coffee. Hed invited her to breakfast shortly after the ship had gotten under way a few days ago but shed managed to weasel out until today, feigning duties. Unfortunately, there really wasnt much for her to do aboard ship and shed finally run out of excuses.
 She wasnt sure, at first, why shed been avoiding this conversation. Shed actually been intrigued when she found out that Halvere was captain of the ship to which shed been temporarily assigned.
But sitting here now, she knew why. He was a link to the past. And she wasnt really sure she wanted to visit the past.
You dont like the sausage either? he joked.
Lanis chuckled at bit. Its fine, she said. Seems that the Navy treats its officers pretty well.
Thats what we usually say about the Corps, Halvere said. But yeah, I suppose command has its privileges.
He set the coffee down. So, hows your uncle doing? I havent seen Vamellin for the better part of a cycle.
Promoted to the Admirals staff a few months ago, according to the last letter I got from Aunt Sandy, Lanis said. His knees still bother him. Sandy says he needs to lose weight," she smiled.
Halvere chuckled. Driving a desk does that to the best of us.
He took a quick bite of eggs and wiped his mouth with his napkin.
So how about you? he said, Lieutenant Sheryl Lanis, Battlemancer, 4th tier, commander of Shiv Team Nine.
Second Lieutenant, Lanis corrected, her expression becoming more sullen.
Halvere laughed. And humble, as well. I wouldnt have figured.
He sighed. Sovereigns, I remember when you were just this tall, he said, holding his hand about a met off the floor.
He seemed so different from what she remembered. Obviously age had cut a few lines in his square features and cycles of exposure to the elements had done their share of damage. Maybe it was just the graying hair or the slightly tired, downturned edges of his gray eyes, but cycles of command had changed him. He reminded Lanis of her father.
Somewhere in there, Lanis supposed, was the exuberant sailor shed once had a crush on as a teen. A young girl, a dashing man in uniform, it was a given, right? The silly things kids think. Shed gotten over that a long time ago. Shed gotten over a lot of things.
Distracted as she was, Lanis almost missed the first sensation. It was a vague coldness, like a slight chill running up her spine. She almost dismissed it until it came again; the cold, the faint screaming. It was far away, somewhere to the North, maybe ten kilomets away, she couldnt quite be sure.
She focused her Vimsense, listening to the melodious tones of the Etherum that she normally tried to tune out. She could feel the powerful but gentle hum of Adamants enormous siphoning reactors and the slightly discordant spikes of the ships various enchantech systems. Then it hit her, the familiar, sickening wail of a spellshock.
Well, Halvere said, taking her silence as a cue to change the subject, Well be arriving in Tulane in a couple of days. Looking forward to a little R & R?
With all respect, Captain, babysitting backwater citystates is a job for the provincial troops, not a drop unit, she said, trying to ignore the distant magical sensation. But it gnawed at the back of her mind. Only one kind of magic felt like that.
I understand, Halvere replied. Not as glorious as the front lines, I suppose. But the 15th is fairly green now. A little stint of garrison duty would help break them in.
They should get into action as soon as possible," Lanis stated coldly. "Its the best way for the rookies to learn.
Halvere sighed. When did that little girl he remembered become so hardened?
Perhaps, he said, a little sorry that hed brought it up.
The handset on the wall rang and he reached over his shoulder to pick it up.
Halvere.
He listened for a moment and his expression turned serious.
Harmonic analysis? he asked.
Another pause.
Lanis continued to play with her food, pretending not to listen.
I see, Halvere said, Ill be right there. He hung up the handset and tossed his napkin on his plate.
If youll excuse me, Lieutenant, I have to go to the bridge, he said as he stood up.
Of course, Captain, Lanis said, setting down her fork and standing up, not entirely upset that they'd been interrupted.
Halvere started to open the door then paused, looking back at her.
Lieutenant, have you every been on the bridge of a Navy skycruiser?
Laniss heart jumped, but it had nothing to do with seeing the bridge.
No, sir, she answered.
Halvere smiled. Care to join me? I may have use of your insight as a channeler--if you dont mind.
Of course not. Thank you, Captain.
This way then, he said as he backed up and held the door for her. She didnt really take note of the gesture. Her mind was already racing over other possibilities.
***
Lanis followed Halvere into the COC via the aft hatchway. An armed marine, stationed by the door, saluted as they entered then announced the captain's presence. Bauman looked up from the EDAR station and hurried over to meet them.
Bauman saluted, throwing a quick glance at Lanis as he did so. Halvere returned the salute, noting his first officer's perplexion at the presence of an unexpected visitor to the bridge.
"This is Lieutenant Sheryl Lanis, a battlemancer with the 33rd, " he said, gesturing in her direction.
Bauman nodded. "Welcome to the bridge, Lieutentant," he said, then quickly turned his attention back to Halvere.
I'm sorry to bother you, Captain, he said.
Its fine, Marc. Whats going on? Halvere said as the two headed over to the ops table. Lanis followed discreetly behind, trying to stay out of the way.
Were still getting those high-amplitude EDAR contacts north of our position, Bauman said, pointing to the indicators on the map.
Anything on the harmonic analysis yet? Halvere asked.
Bauman shook his head. Still, inconclusive, Captain."
Halvere made an adjustment to the table controls and the virtual camera pulled back to reveal a larger area. The Lanley-Kustav ley line came into view, its normally invisible path clearly displayed as a shimmering river of light as seen by the ships sensitive EDAR array. Halvere focused the display on the location of the unidentified Vim spikes, which were indicated by repeating, spherical bursts denoting the relative size and strength of the etheric ripple.
Lanis stepped up to the table and placed her hand on the edge, slowly running her fingers through the hazy holomagic display. She eyed the contact indicators.
The Talanford ruins, Halvere said. Theyve been deserted for at least thirty cycles. Not a bad place to hide.
Scouts wouldnt be that stupid; broadcasting their location like that, Bauman said. 
Indeed, Halvere agreed.
Could be ley line echoes, Bauman suggested. Its been wreaking havoc with the sensors since we entered the area.
Or spellshocks, Lanis muttered quietly.
Something to add, Lieutenant? Halvere asked with a quick glance and raised eyebrow.
Nothing. Sorry, Captain, she replied.
Damned if she wasnt acting a bit weird, Halvere thought. He decided to dismiss it for now. Afterall, she'd been through quite a lot since hed last seen her and that was just what little he knew about. War certainly had a way of changing people.
He focused back on the map. Bauman was right, of course. Ley lines created all manner of etheric anomalies. Everything from phantom echoes to strange lensing effects; even randomVim surges, any of which could foul up EDAR readings. Still, the consistency of the contacts and their proximity to Adamants course had Halvere concerned. Coincidence perhaps, but he didnt care for coincidences.
If he were going to shadow an enemy, a ley line would make good, if somewhat unreliable, cover. If that was an enemy vessel trying to shadow his ship, he may have just caught a lucky break. 
I dont like it, he said, shaking his head.
We could send Hopper One to have a look, Bauman suggested. Shes already airborne on perimeter patrol and could be diverted. Also, Hopper Two is on standby and could be airborne in two minutes.
Halvere put a hand to his chin as he considered the flickering image of the sprawling ruin that was once the citystate of Talanford. He shook his head slightly.
If theres anything in there that doesnt want to be found, aerial recons not going to spot it, he said Well need someone on the ground.
Lanis didnt hesitate. Shiv Nine volunteers.
Halvere and Bauman both looked at her.
Bauman shot Halvere a questioning look. Halvere regarded Lanis for a moment. She seemed awfully eager. But then, being cooped up aboard ship didn't seem to suit the lieutenant very well, either.
Fact was, whatever was out there appeared to be magical in nature. Who better to deal with that than a Shiv Team from the 33rd Arcane? It made sense.
Very well, he said, then turned back to Bauman. Inform Krantz that Ill be borrowing Shiv Nine.
Brigadier Krantz was the commander of the Fifteenth Drop Battalion, temporarily stationed aboard Adamant. He was technically under Halveres command for the duration of this assignment but didnt particularly like his troops to be considered at the Navys disposal.
Shiv Nine was one of several veteran, enchantech-equipped dragon hunter teams assigned to the 15th by ARCH and they were Krantzs personal responsibility. If anything happened to them it was his ass that would be raked over the coals, not Halvere's.
Hes gonna be pissed, Bauman said with a smile, grabbing the telephone next to the console and preparing to dial Krantzs quarters.
Hell get over it, Halvere shrugged. Besides, that's what I have you for, to handle these things.
Appreciate it, Cap', Bauman rolled his eyes.
Alright then, Halvere said as he turned back to Lanis. I want you and your team to take Hopper Two, recon the contact area, and report back.
Laniss gaze remained fixed on the contacts. And if they turn out to be hostile? she asked.
Halvere considered her for a moment. He wasn't sure he was comfortable with her tone. Better not give her too much slack.
I'll leave that to your discretion, Lieutenant, he said. But, Im more interested in intel than a body count. Defend yourselves, if necessary, of course. 
He paused to let that sink in.
Any further questions? he asked.
No, Captain," she said, shaking her head. 
"Im sure its nothing; just phantom echoes, she added with a narrow glance at Bauman.
Very well then. Good luck, Lieutenant," Halvere said with a quick salute. "Dismissed.
Lanis returned the salute and turned away, heading for the aft hatch. Halvere took a report from a waiting crewman and began glancing it over.

One other thing, Lieutenant... he said just as Lanis reached the hatch. She paused in the doorway.
As you are, no doubt, aware, ley lines can be pretty unpredictable," Halvere said as he scanned over the report. Don't scratch up my hopper.
Lanis cast a contemplative glance at Halvere over her shoulder.
I understand, she said, then turned away and left the bridge.


FIFTEEN

7 Luun, 1396
Talanford Ruins, Northern Calandra

Ryan picked his way through a dense stand of Calandran Sapphire Pines, his boots sinking several centimets into the soft layer of blue-green needles carpeting the ground. He shielded his eyes from the blinding sun as he stepped out from the protective shade of the tree line at the edge of a high ridge. In front of him, the sun-bleached sprawl of the Talanford ruins shimmered in the summer heat like some vast, pale mirage in the midst of a sea of green. 
Gantros carefully crawled up beside him, barely able to squeeze his bulk between the closely packed conifers. He cocked his head rapidly as he surveyed the area with his keen senses.
Ryan held the Auraeometer up in front of him, gripping it tightly in his gloved hand. The device's vibrations had become so intense that it almost felt as though it might leap from his fingers should he give it the opportunity. Recently, the runes about the device had taken on a bluish sheen and the tiny crystal visible inside had begun to emit a scintillating display of colors. He almost imagined that he could hear a faint musical tone emanating from the crystal. At least, he was pretty sure that it was his imagination.
Ryan gently placed the device back into his satchel and pulled out his spyglass. He scanned the ruins, not even sure of what he was looking for.
The main city center was circular and enclosed in a massive perimeter wall, a design common to many such Throne War-era cities. Originally, surrounding the wall would have been several small towns and vast fields of crops but the remains of both had been nearly swallowed up by the encroaching forest. The wall itself had been breached in several places and the battered structures visible beyond stood ominously silent, staring down at the deserted streets through darkened windows. Those buildings that still stood bore countless wounds resulting from artillery strikes and small arms fire; scars from the surprise attack that had wiped out the citys inhabitants some forty cycles ago.
Ryan lowered the spyglass, wiped his brow with his sleeve and let out a sigh of frustration. He stepped back into the shade and pulled out his map. For all indications, the Auraeometer was pointing to this place. There was really nothing else that made sense, no other cities or structures for scores of kilomets in all directions, only endless hills and forests.
But why? There was nothing of value here, except, perhaps, isolation. Even the Imperium had seen no point in claiming the city in the decades after their attack and it appeared that the Imperial claim to the surrounding territory combined with its proximity to the Wastes had kept any would-be squatters away.
This place was dead. It was also vast.
Even with the Auraeometer to guide him, it could take Ryan days to search this maze of rubble. If someone wanted to hide, this wasnt a bad place to do it.
Gantros shifted uncomfortably in the tight quarters, his movements snapping several large branches and initiating a short rain of needles and pinecones.
The Etherum is very strong here, he said, finally settling into a somewhat more comfortable position.
The Lanley-Kustav ley line, Ryan said, brushing away a few needles that had come to rest in the creases of the map. He traced his finger along the line of magical power indicated on the chart to where it crossed directly over the ruins. The city lies smack it the middle of it.
Makes it difficult to "hear".
Ryan shot Gantros a puzzled look. You mean it blocks your magic sense?
Yes.
Ryan was intrigued. He looked thoughtfully back toward the ruins. Hmm, not a bad place to hide at all.
'Well, he said, folding up the map, the sooner we start
Wait, Gantros signaled, suddenly alert, Be still.
Ryan froze, sensing the wave of caution from the drake. What is it?
Gantros cocked his head several times.
 Netherdragon.
Ryans eyes darted around, scanning the skies. Youve got to be kidding, he grumbled.
Almost in answer came a high-pitched roar that echoed across the ruins, stirring up clouds of birds from their perches amidst the rooftops. Appearing in the western sky came not one, but two large, dark forms, their wings spread wide as they glided slowly toward the city.
Ryan carefully backed deeper into the shadow of the pines and lifted his spyglass to take a closer look. 
Clearly visible in the bright, midday sky, the approaching dragons were both clad in distinctive black and gold Imperial plate and carried long, undoubtedly spellforged, blades. Both dragons exhibited the scars of spell-wired mechanical enhancement, one of them so much so that he appeared more like a flying, mechanical corpse than a living thing. The blood red leather straps on their hips, shoulders and neck merely confirmed that these were not ordinary netherdragons.
Imperium Stalkers. Ryan thought, and he couldnt suppress a sense of dread. 
Stalkers were the stuff of nightmares, the worst of a foul breed. They possessed all of the terrible qualities of the typical Netherdragon with the addition of having been driven nearly insane by the magical implantation of Tieran cybertek. 
Fanatically loyal to their Shadowdragon emperor, Stalkers were unleashed upon the enemies of the Imperium to cause as much death and destruction as possible. They were extremely difficult to kill and would fight to the death, taking as many enemies with them as they could manage. And, like their organic kin, they thrived on magic, becoming even more powerful in areas of high ambient Vim. 
Areas such as ley lines.
Ryan and Gantros had fought several normal Netherdragons over the cycles but only once before had they encountered a Stalker, and they had not fought it alone. Both bore many scars from that day. Several of Ryans friends had not been so lucky.
This is a problem. Ryan frowned. Taking on a single Stalker in a ley line would be dangerous. TWO is fraggin near suicidal.
Gantros did not reply but Ryan sensed agreement with his assessment.
The dragons swooped over the city in a long, slow orbit, their vulture-like heads scanning slowly from side to side as they surveyed the ruins below. 
One of them swung out wide and passed by Ryans position at a range of maybe fifty mets, close enough that Ryan could hear its breathing and make out the spidery pattern of silvery runes that laced its black armor. 
Ryan held his breath as the beast glanced in his and Gantros direction, its lifeless cybertek eye implants and inscrutable skull-like features revealing no indication of whether or not it had detected them. Then, with a loud crack of its leathery wings and a rush of air, the monster veered away and resumed its search of the ruins. 
It was several seconds before Ryan dared to breathe.
Curious. Perhaps we dont have to fight them, Gantros suggested.
Ryan glanced questioningly at the drake. How had it missed them? Netherdragon senses were legendary. Some said that their Vimsense was so acute that they could hear a living creatures aura even through walls.
Do you think the ley line interferes with their magic sense as well? he asked.
It would seem so. We may be able to avoid detection, IF we are careful.
Ryan contemplated the situation as he watched the dragons continue spiraling the ruins. Several things didnt make sense to him. For one, Netherdragons typically loathed daylight and preferred to be active at night whenever possible. Also, their extremely selfish and competitive nature meant that they seldom worked together, and only when forced to do so.
Ryan could accept a single Stalker patrolling Imperium territory, even an area as remote as this, as an unfortunate coincidence.
But two, together, in this place and at this very time? That was more than an odd twist of Fate. Those Stalkers were here for a reason. And there was only one reason Ryan could think of. The same one that had drug him half way across Freidia.
All at once, his mission took on a new sense of urgency.
He tucked the map and spyglass back into his satchel. As he did so, he felt the intense vibration of the Auraeometer. It was hard to believe that the Stalker had not sensed the powerful artifact. Ryan might not be so lucky next time.
Unfortunately, there was no leaving the device behind. He needed it to pinpoint the Wyrmweaver. Besides, hed already lost it once, only recovering it by a miraculous turn of luck. He would not risk losing it again, even if it meant risking a fight with a Stalker. He just wished that the fragging thing would calm down a bit.
One of the dragons suddenly banked hard and dropped altitude, setting down on the roof of one of the taller, more intact structures near the center of the ruins. It perched there for a moment like some immense shadowy gargoyle, peering down at the streets below. Then it barked out a series of high-pitched calls to its companion and leaped down to the street, out of sight. 
The second dragon veered over the firsts location, uttered a screeching response and headed toward the northern edge of the city before it, too, descended and disappeared into the labyrinth of structures.
This is our chance, Ryan said, quickly securing his satchel and mounting up. Lets get down there. 
He did a quick assessment of his weapons and strapped on his helmet, dodging a few low branches as Gantros eased out of the tree line to the edge of the ridge.
After a final look to ensure that the neds were still out of sight, Ryan issued a brief mental command and Gantros leaped off, diving to gain speed before settling into a rapid, controlled glide toward the citys outer wall. Ryan didnt need to tell the drake where to go--Gantros could read his intentions far faster than he could say them--so he simply crouched low in the saddle and kept a wary eye toward the city for any signs of movement. 
Drawing on Gantross superior senses, Ryans world became more vibrant, filled with sensations normally beyond his limited human faculties. He noted the scattering of startled animals amidst the trees below, the myriad earthy odors of the woodlands giving way to the stale oppressive scent of the ruins ahead, and the cacophony of sounds that echoed from within the walls and the surrounding forest.
Gantros was calm but alert, a predator focused on the hunt, and Ryan drew on that calm resolve. This was probably the most dangerous situation the two of them had ever faced. It was quite possible that he was entering a trap but that would not deter him. The game was afoot. The prize was somewhere in these ruins. Ryan was determined to win this game.
What he had yet to realize was that not all of the players had arrived.


SIXTEEN

7 Luun, 1396
Nhaam Valley Region, Northern Calandra

The AAV-9 LAV, or Low-Altitude-Vehicle, lurched violently as the pilot pulled up just in time to clear an outcropping of rock, then immediately dropped back down to hug the terrain at a treetop-scraping altitude. The pilot muttered a string of curses as he leveled out the aircraft.
The AAV-9 might be the standard workhorse of the Coalition Air Navy but it was hardly a dream to fly. Often called hoppers, or sometimes Bugs by the troops, the squarish, ungainly-looking aircraft were little more than a lightly armored box with a bulbous cockpit in the front and twin siphon reactors mounted on pylons to either side. The reactors drew Vim from the environment and funneled it into a levitation schema engraved on a long spar atop the aircraft that acted as a sort of rudder for steering the ship through the Etherum.
Lacking aerodynamics of any sort, which were generally unnecessary for Etheric flight, the craft was essentially a flying brick. If ambient Vim levels dropped low enough to stall the reactors, the craft would pretty much glide like a brick as well.
The hilly terrain was becoming more rough as they approached the target, making maintaining the treetop-hugging altitude increasingly difficult and dangerous. Their proximity to the nearby Lanley-Kustav ley line didnt help either. The powerful magical current threw off unpredictable waves of etheric turbulence, buffeting the small craft like a tiny cork on rough seas. It would only get worse once they entered the ley line itself.
That was a close one, the copilot commented from the right side seat as he steadied himself and looked over his instruments. Scraped by a low-density patch. Number two nearly dropped out, he said, referring to the amount of power being pulled in by the crafts port-side reactor. Should I crank up the draw?
The hoppers engines were currently running at minimal power, partially because the high Vim density of the area provided ample energy and because the reduced draw diminished the aircrafts etheric signature. The risk was that as they hit the occasional ebb, the engines would lose power, much like a conventional engine running out of fuel; with a similar outcome. It was a delicate balancing act.
The pilot glanced at the magine's power indicators then back to the open rear door of the cockpit. The lieutenant had headed aft just after takeoff, but her orders had been clear: a low-level stealth approach. Apparently, she wanted to sneak up on whatever was out there. The pilot had protested a bit, at first, citing the flight conditions, but arguing with a battlemancer from the Arcane Corps was just something one didnt do, especially at his pay grade.
No, he said reluctantly. Distance to target? he asked, changing the subject.
The copilot scanned his console. Seven klicks. Heading two-five-five.
The pilot quickly double-checked his own directional indicators to confirm that he was still on course then turned his attention back to the rocks and trees flashing by at nearly two hundred kilomets per hour just a few mets below them. At least the sun had burned away the morning fog early so the low altitude visibility was good. 
He just hoped that a sudden downdraft didnt have him parking this crate in a birds nest before they even got to the target zone.
***
Behind the cockpit, in the small storage area across from the port side door, Lanis sat on a fold-down seat between the lockers containing the hopper's emergency supplies and spare parts. The aircrafts sudden jostling caused her to pause for a moment as she adjusted the straps of her shin greaves around her heavy leather boots.
She leaned back and flexed her shoulders, testing the fit of her partial runic plate, a customized version of the standard Coalition battlemancer armor.
Similar, in many ways, to standard REBAr, the suit appeared to be little more than plain looking alchemical-alloy plates; a solid breastplate covering the upper torso, large shoulder pauldrons linked to vambraces that covered the upper and lower arms, and partial greaves that protected the thighs and lower legs. An armor jack of ballistic cloth and leather beneath the plates helped to protect the gaps.
By default, the plates were a dull, metallic gray, laced with angular rune patterns along the edges. But with a simple command, passive alteration schemata could alter the surface coloring to any of a number of camouflage patterns. Active illusionary camouflage and even full invisibility were possible, but such magics were found to be impractical for most purposes since Vimsensitives or magical detectors could easily detect the active techniqs.
The armor plate could stop light projectiles and shrapnel, but its primary protection came from a complex lattice of imbued defensive schemata which provided enhanced resilience, at the same time reducing the bulky armor's weight.
In addition, a suite of manually activated schema could enhance her strength, allow her to function in hostile environments, and all manner of other customizable effects. Open runic matrices had been impressed into the armor as well, which made the suit more magically conductive, allowing Lanis to add temporary spell effects on the fly such as elemental resistances or deflection wards.
Battlemancer runic plate was the epitome of rune-boosted armor design, created by some of the most skilled magitechs in the Coalition. Each was custom crafted for the wearer and worth a small fortune.
Black-market rates, usually on illegally scavenged suits, could easily top several hundred thousand Talents, although anyone caught possessing such restricted military rune-boosted tech faced severe punishment.
Around her waist, Lanis wore a heavy leather belt on which were slung her primary weapons, the Esper Series II PVA, commonly called a Booster, and her V3-A EP rifle.
The Booster, hanging on her left hip, looked like a rune-covered metal box with rounded edges. It was approximately the size of a large canteen, with a circular protrusion in the front and two sockets in the top, each of which held a single Vimstone cartridge. Working on the principles of the Keiler-Felbs harmonic amplifier, the Booster could intensify the power of a channelers techniqs to much higher magical amplitudes, allowing a human channeler to cast techniqs on the same order of magnitude as dragon weaves.
Lanis double-checked the various pouches that held her reserve of Vimstone cartridges, eight in total. A few cycles ago, that number would have been double. The Coalitions reserves of Vimstones had steadily declined over the course of the war and even high-priority units like the 33rd were starting to feel the effects of strained supply lines.
Lanis pulled a Vimstone cartridge from her belt and held it in front of her, slowly turning it in her fingers. The stamped metal cylinder looked a lot like a large battery, eight centimets long and three in diameter. One end was painted red, marking this particular cartridge as a D2 rated stone, the second weakest on the Dynardeval Scale, but more than adequate in a properly attuned booster array. Inside the cartridge, encased in an aerogel medium, was the tiny Vimstone core.
Lanis focused her Vimsense on the 'stone. In the ambient magic of the ley line, the 'stone resonated, pulsing almost like the heartbeat of a living thing. Lanis channeled a tiny amount of Vim into the core, testing its purity. The stone rang out with a clear tone similar to when one ran a moistened finger around the rim of a wine glass. It was beautiful.
This was what the Imperium wanted: Elandis magical reserves, exemplified by the deceptively delicate stone in her hand--a physical manifestation of the worlds magical aura, possibly even the source of it.
But Lanis didnt really care about the metaphysics of it. To her, this was a weapon, and she would use it, without hesitation, to send as many of those self-proclaimed netherdragon Highlords to the void as she could before they took her down. The simple irony of it made her smile.
She reached down to the knee-length, leather holster that ran along her right leg and drew out her V3-A EP rifle. She held the stubby, bulky, carbine in front of her and gave it a quick visual inspection. Like all EP-Rifles, the V3 was built around an enchantech core similar to that of a PVA, only in this case, it was slightly modified to amplify and compress Vim into a quasi-physical state. Focused through alchemechanical compression lenses, these highly discordant ethergenic bolts were devastating to both physical and magical defenses. The distinctive, eerie wailing sound made by the weapon was legendary and troops had taken to calling it the Banshee.
Lanis turned the weapon on its side and slapped the Vimstone cartridge into the aperture on the bottom. It clicked into place and the rifles booster core instantly began to hum with amplified magical energy. With no more than a thought, Lanis could now channel raw Vim into the weapon, charging the core with enough energy to blast a hole in an armored vehicle or even a heavily warded dragon.
She settled the rifle across her knees and ran her gloved hand across its wooden stock, counting the five gouges along the left side, one mark for each netherdragon her team had killed. She silently resolved to add another one today.
Her EComm headset crackled to life.
Weve entered the ley line, Lieutenant, said the pilot. Talanford perimeter in four minutes.
Understood, Lanis replied, holstering the EP rifle and securing it.
A wave of nervous adrenaline washed over her. No matter how many times shed faced down a ned, it never really got any easier. It was dangerous work and seldom successful without losses.
Lanis stood up and headed for the door to the cargo area. She mouthed a silent prayer that she would bring her team back alive; the same prayer she'd said before countless past ops.
Maybe it would be answered this time.
***
Inside the LAVs cargo area, the rest of Shiv Nine were jostled about in their seats as the craft maneuvered through the increasing etheric turbulence. Despite the rough ride, they appeared quite relaxed.
So, whas the word on dis op? asked Demas in his slightly rolled Medinaran accent.
Reccn some EDAR contacts, Denio grumbled from across the aisle, What dreck. I was in the middle of whooping some cocky Navy fairies at Jhalac. I was up forty Talents.
Pfft, Lewis scoffed from his seat near the rear hatch, you would have just lost it in the next hour. 
Says you, Denio shot back, adding a rude gesture.
Says the twenty marks I won from you the other night, Lewis retorted, drawing a host of laughs from the other soldiers. Denio just frowned and sat back.
I heard they were spellshocks big ones, said Abes, seated next to Demas with his heavy AR-5 antitank rifle cradled between his knees. Ten Talents says its Imperium; maybe even a ned, he added.
Yeah, who told you that? asked Heiko, her nose crinkled in a disbelieving sneer.
Tianna, up in ops, Abes said.
That EDAR spook youve been flirting around with? asked Lewis, followed with a snort. Watch out for those ones, man. Everybody knows theyre loopy, what with staring at them psychoscopes all day long.
Heiko shook her head and rolled her eyes. Thats a myth, you idiot. ERIS lenses are harmless.
Lewis made a face. Sure, thats the official line, he said, with a dismissive gesture, Trust me, looking into the Etherum aint natural. It messes you up.
What about those ee-vee's strapped on your head then? Heiko asked, pointing to Lewis EVI goggles, Or dont you use em?
I keep my eyes shut. Lewis replied with a self-satisfied smile.
Which explains your terrible aim, Demas piped in with a chuckle.
Screw you, man, Lewis said, flipping Demas off as the other soldiers laughed. Go ahead and melt your brain if you want to. He sat back with a scowl on his face.
Ignoring the distraction, Abes continued.
Well, if it aint a ned, why send us? he asked Why not a Ranger squad or a covert team like Shiv Seven?
No one seemed to have an answer.
Kramer, the team's newest cabler, listened silently to the conversation from his seat next to Abes. Already a bit nervous about his first run with the team, mention of a netherdragon made him visibly concerned.
Whadaya think, Staff Sergeant? he asked, Is it a ned?
Across the aisle, Sergeant Gray sat hunched forward in his seat, quietly and meticulously unloading and reloading anti-magic JAM rounds into a rifle magazine. It was something he always did en route to an op. The mags were issued fully loaded but he always emptied and reloaded them, a habit hed picked up many cycles ago. He might die in combat someday but it wasnt going to be from an inopportune weapon jam.
The idle task kept him busy while he kept an ear to the conversation in the cabin. Part of Gray's job was to keep tabs on unit morale. The Coalition might have been a unified multinational force for over ten cycles, but for some folks, racial and national tensions still ran pretty deep. Add the occasional personality conflicts, inevitable in such a large collection of people working under such stressful conditions, and problems could arise, even among seasoned Shiv Team members. Gray liked to keep his finger to the pulse of the unit and try to stomp out any such problems before they got out of hand.
Unfortunately, right now he was dealing with some tension of his own; not that he would let the rest of the team know about it. Hed address it when the opportunity arose.
The Chief seems to think so, he said as he loaded the final few rounds into the magazine.
 Once he finished, he inspected the loaded magazine then looked up at Kramer.
Shes got a sense about these things, he said, casually gesturing with the full mag in his hand, Its like she can smell their magic. Its damn creepy but Ive seen it enough times to trust it.
If she says theres a ned, Im inclined to believe it.
Kramer leaned back in his seat. Oh man. First time out. 
He took a few deep breaths, trying to calm his nerves.
Gray considered the rookie for a second. He hadnt really intended to scare the kid but, then again, a little fear wasnt such a bad thing. Bravado seldom paid healthy dividends on the battlefield. Still, Kramer was a cabler, a critical job if the team was indeed going up against a ned, and they would need the rookie at his best. 
Dont worry, kid. Youre in the 9th Shiv, the best dragon killin squad in the 33rd. This is what we do and you wouldn't be here if you weren't up to it. Youll be fine.
Shatter that! blurted Denio, drawing the attention of all in the cabin. "One squad against a ned, in a ley line?! You gotta be joking!
He sat back and shook his head. Shes lost it this time, he said, tapping a finger against his helmet, Fraggin bitch is trying to get us all killed.
Gray practically exploded, nearly elbowing Holt as he turned suddenly and shoved his finger in Denios face.
Stow that guff, Denio! he shouted furiously, JAM's will drop a ned just like anything else, even in a ley line!
What about Montrey, huh? he went on, You were there. The Chief damn near dropped that Stalker solo! So just keep your comments to yourself! Got it?!
Gray held the finger in Denios face and glared at him for a moment. Denio scowled back but didnt say anything more. 
Content that hed made his point, Gray leaned back in his seat and took a deep breath, his expression tight. The rest of the team glanced around at each other uncomfortably, a bit unsure of how to react to the outburst, which was largely uncharacteristic of their normally stolid Sergeant. Denio kept his head down but his cool expression made it clear that his opinion about the mission hadnt changed.
Listen up, people! Lanis voice broke the tension, drawing everyone's attention to the forward hatch.
She was standing with her hands on the doorframe, looking over her team with a critical eye. No one knew if shed been there long enough to hear the exchange between Gray and Denio, but her gaze lingered on Denio for just a hair longer than any of the others.
Were approaching the Talanford ruins, she said, Adamants EDAR detected several unidentified Vim spikes in the area. Our orders are to identify the contacts.
These spikes may just be ley line echoes, she said, but Im not convinced. They felt like spellshocks ned spellshocks.
That caused a round of groans and sighs from the team. 
So it's a hunt then? Gray said.
Neds are arrogant, Lanis went on, skirting around the question, they tend to hunt alone. This works to our advantage.
But remember, Talanford lies directly on the Lanley-Kustav ley line. This area is heavily suffused with Vim which will make the ned stronger. 
She noted Denios scowl even though he turned away to try to hide it.
This will be a standard setup," she said. "Draw the ned out; hit it hard and fast. Dont give it time to channel. I'll deal with its defenses."
"Questions? she asked, looking around the cabin.
There were none.
OK then. Two minutes," she said.
With that, she turned abruptly and headed up to the cockpit, leaving the team to quietly prepare to disembark. They knew their jobs and they knew what to expect. Though no one voiced it, all glanced around with the same question: Who wouldnt be coming back this time?
Abes chortled and leaned back against the headrest.
So much for the little recon op.


SEVENTEEN

7 Luun, 1396
Talanford Ruins, Northern Calandra

The Imperium Stalker known as Skarvexhet uttered an irritated growl as he marched down the street, slowly scanning the seemingly endless labyrinth of ruined structures. His spellwired optiks might see far better in the daylight than his original eyes could have done, but they did not permit him to see through walls. Thus far, his detection weaves had identified nothing beyond the myriad of miniscule vermin that infested the remains of this human city--certainly nothing large enough to be the target he sought.
It would be so much easier to hunt on the wing. Unfortunately, this stonehide was as clever as he was cowardly. Cowering in these ruins and using the powerful harmonics of the local Chirii Flow to smother his aura, the stonehide was forcing him to crawl on the ground in a tiresome building-by-building search.
Skarvexhet drew his weapon and slashed away a tangle of wires that hung across his path. The four met long, enchanted, blade emitted a sharp, metallic peal as it severed through the cables with virtually no effort. 
Skarvexhet looked down at the jagged, draconic runes etched along the blades length. The bright flare of Chirii that briefly illuminated them slowly faded back to its normal faint glow, almost as though the weapon were somehow disappointed over having been activated over such an unworthy foe. 
The blade craved blood. Skarvexhet understood its dissatisfaction as he, too, longed to kill that miserable Elandian wyrm that had evaded him for the past several days.
The Master had issued standing orders that the rebel dragons be eliminated at any opportunity and he did not take failure lightly. But, even without that order, Skarvexhet would have hunted this stonehide to the ends of this pathetic world, perhaps even beyond. 
He reached up and gently touched the tender burns along the left side of his face. Hed have probably been blinded by the fire had it not been for his implants. His biomagical metabolism was already rapidly healing the wound but it remained a fresh reminder of the battle at the human city of Abion only two local days ago. That detestable stonehide had gotten the better of him that time. But the stonehide had been wounded as well, and it was only a matter of time until Skarvexhet found him and exacted payment in full.
The Elandian wyrms called these rebel dragons Vahjeraat, which apparently meant "Dishonored", or something to that effect. How amusing it was that the Elandian dragons would punish their own kind for assisting the pitiful humans against the Imperium. These native wyrms were pathetic, hardly worthy of the name. They all deserved to die.
But the Master had forbid engaging the non-rebel dragons. He had plans in mind for them and it was not Skarvexhets place to question his Masters orders. Afterall, it was only by his grace that Skarvexhet had been bestowed the honor of his spellwired gifts, of which his improved eyes were but a small part. 
Nearly a full third of his body had been replaced with cybernetiks-- the strange mechanical wonders of Tieran technomagic. 
The soft, weak-willed Tierans would be utterly useless were it not for their innovative adaptation of Chirii weaving, which they called Biomancy. Skarvexhet did not fully understand the process that had replaced his legs with mechanical replicas or parts of his skin with metal armor. In truth, he cared little. It was a miracle--one that had pulled him from the clutches of the infinite dark as he lay dying on the battlefield. A miracle that had granted him life renewed--and power. 
Transformed and reborn, Skarvexhet was now a Stalker--a Holy Talon of his most glorious Emperor--a weapon forged to bring death to the enemies of the Imperium.
He yanked his clawed hand away from his face and swiped it downward in frustration, smashing the facade of a nearby building, shattering the few remaining windows and crumbling the wall in a cloud of dust.
Curse that damnable stonehide for hiding in this blasted monkey-maze! he hissed.
Tsk. Tsk. You seem frustrated, brother. 
Skarvexhet glanced upward as Akarahk landed heavily on the roof another nearby structure. 
Akarahk cocked his head sideways, regarding Skarvexhet with his remaining good eye, the other being nearly covered with scar tissue from an old wound. 
He choked out a sickly, wheezing laugh, which sounded like someone running a rasp over a hollow steel tube. Most of Akarahk's body had been replaced with cybernetiks, leaving it a rotting, convoluted mess of organic tissues and mechanical parts. There was little remaining of the wyrms orginal self and his mind had nearly succumbed to madness from the repeated spellwiring procedures. 
Skarvexhet found the other Stalkers occasional bouts of peculiar behavior unsettling. Still, Akarahks Chirii sense was strong and he had been useful on this hunt. His less lucid moments were a small price to pay.
No one asked you, Skarvexhet growled, pulling his fist out of the side of the building.
Akarahk recoiled slightly at the admonition.
Twasnt I who let the stonehide get away, he said defensively, Can we not just go back? I grow hungry.
Skarvexhet shook his head. Akarahks biomagical systems had been supported by Chi'rii for some time now. Any hunger that he felt existed only in his mind, what little remained of it. Still, it wasnt a matter worth arguing about.
You can eat after we kill the Stonehide," Skarvexhet said, "Now stay focused.
Akarahk sighed and looked out over the rooftops, thoroughly dejected. Suddenly he crouched and began quivering with excitement. He uttered a high-pitched twittering, then perked up, glancing about quickly.
A strange song, he squealed eagerly, Do you hear it, brother?
Skarvexhet lifted his head and listened carefully. Indeed, there was an unusual harmonic carrying on the Flow, distorted and weakened by the current's powerful resonance. It was little wonder that hed missed it. Still, he was annoyed that the insane Akarahk had been the one to notice it first. 
Skarvexhet concentrated on the odd song, suddenly recognizing the artificial discordance of the harmonic.
Indeed I do, brother. One of the human flying machines, he hissed.
Akarahks twittering lowered into a sinister growl and his demeanor suddenly seemed more cogent, almost as if hed changed personalities on the spot.
Skarvexhet eyed him warily and his fingers tightened on the grip of his sword. One never knew when a Stalker might finally snap.
Let us split up, Akarahk growled as he drew out his weapon, The stonehide can wait. There is more prey about.


EIGHTEEN

7 Luun, 1396
Talanford Ruins, Residential Ward
Northern Calandra

The LAV rocked to the right as a strong etheric surge unexpectedly flared up, forcing the pilot to slide left to avoid slamming into the weathered facade of a large apartment complex.
A loud bang, followed by a metallic scraping sound, echoed from the left side of the craft as it drifted into a large sign hanging loosely from the side of a building across the street. The pilot cursed as he nudged the controls back to the right, gently pulling the craft out of the debris, then winced as the huge sign broke loose and plummeted to the ground with a crash that echoed down the empty streets. 
Sorry Lieutenant, he said, exchanging exasperated looks with the copilot. Neither was particularly fond of flying in such close quarters. Talanford was an old city and had not been designed to handle modern vehicles. Its streets were narrow and confining, only more so now, filled as they were with half-collapsed structures, tangles of electrical wires and claws of wood and steel debris that seemed to grasp at the craft from all sides.
From the back of the cockpit, Lanis stared out the canopy windows at the silent ruins beyond. Scattered patches of weeds poked up through the cracked and cratered streets between the rusting remains of abandoned civilian and military vehicles. Layers of shattered bricks, rotten wood and twisted, rusted metal covered the ground and lay in piles along the foundations of the dilapidated buildings. Time and weather had reduced everything to various dull shades of brown and gray. The city looked dead.
Lanis reached out with her Vimsense, searching for any sign of netherdragon channeling. She felt nothing but the overwhelming harmonics of the ley line buffeting her senses. It was like trying to hear in a howling wind. 
Her jaw tightened in frustration. Had the ned already detected the hopper? Was he out there watching them from the shadows, waiting to spring a trap of his own?
She was quite aware that, even in stealth mode, the discordant harmonics of the LAVs reactors would be detectable to the neds acute Vimsense, assuming that it was paying attention. Her hope was that it would have as difficult a time sorting through the ley lines overwhelming background noise as she did.
She wanted to lure the ned into a prepared ambush to level the field. Engaging a netherdragon in the open with only one squad, particularly in a ley line, was a risk even she was not prepared to take.
She trusted that her own, somewhat uniquely attuned, Vimsense might give her an edge in spotting the ned first, before it managed to sniff them out. Like two warriors fighting in a thick fog, it was all a matter of who located the enemy and struck first. 
Her fingers gently caressed the gouges on the stock of her EP rifle as she considered her options.
She could still abort the op; just head back to the Adamant and report the presence of a ned. That, of course, was the more prudent choice. Halvere HAD warned her against taking risks.
But taking risks was what she did. Where others might call her reckless, she credited her teams past success to her, some might say, rash tactics. When conventional doctrine failed, instinct often led to victory and Lanis trusted her instincts. She had the utmost confidence in her team and they still had some tricks to pull.
No, she wouldnt go back now. Shed chummed the water and it was time to bait the hook. She tapped on the pilots seat and pointed toward a crossing further up the street that was relatively clear of debris.
Set us down in that intersection up ahead.
The pilot leaned over the console, sizing up the landing zone, then nodded back at her. You got it, Lieutenant, he said with a measure of relief, no doubt eager to get out of the tight quarters.
Lanis turned and left the cockpit, squeezing through the narrow hatchway to the rear compartment. As she entered the cargo area she gave a thumbs-up to her team, then continued on to the rear of the craft. Without a word, the marines stood and lined up in the center of the bay, organizing themselves so that the various specialists were staggered through the line, standard practice for disembarking into what might be a hostile fire zone.
The LAV entered the intersection and dipped down to barely a single met in altitude. The hum of its siphon reactors dropped to near silence as the craft settled into a hover, its numerous gimbaled control surfaces continuously adjusting as the pilot tried to keep the aircraft stable in the undulating, invisible etheric currents of the ley line.
Inside, Lanis stood to the side of the rear hatch, holding the safety rail above her head for balance as the craft slid to a halt. To her right, the nine members of her team stood lined up in the crafts cargo bay, ready to disembark with Watts in the lead and Gray bringing up the rear from where he could bellow out orders to the unit.
Lanis was, technically, in command, but it usually fell to Gray to make the second by second tactical decisions while she focused on engaging magical threats and protecting the team from arcane attacks, both of which took a great deal of her concentration.
As the LAV settled into a hover, Lanis twisted the hatch release and the armored door swung to the ground with dull thud, forming a ramp. The bright light of midday and a blast of hot, stale air poured into the cabin. The team paused only for an instant for their eyes to adjust to the light before filing out of the LAV. Urged on by Grays barked orders, the team spread out in a practiced formation, taking up covering positions and establishing fields of fire around the landing zone, each member yelling the all-clear as they determined their sector was devoid of targets.
Lanis followed them out and took quick stock of the area. The ground was littered with debris, much of which had collapsed from damaged buildings on either side. Dead power lines dangled overhead and the paved streets were pitted with artillery craters, revealing the cobblestone roadway beneath. The only movement was that of tall weeds which sprung up from every available crack, slowly swaying in the hot summer breeze that managed to work its way between the tall, dilapidated structures of what appeared to have once been a shopping district.
She eyed a large building to her right that appeared to have once housed several businesses with apartments located above. The upper floors had large windows, though few still had glass in them. The facade was pitted with gouges and holes from weapons fire but the structure seemed largely intact.
Looking back over her shoulder she noted a three-story building that had a commanding view of the intersection. Overall, it was a decent place to stage an ambush, if a somewhat obvious one. But neds werent known for being terribly cautious. Arrogance was an easy thing to manipulate. She nodded to herself, satisfied with the location. The ned would die here. 
She keyed her EComm. Specter, pull out and go silent.
Copy that, Lieutenant, came the crackled response from the pilot. Weve got your back. Give the word and well pull you out. 
Even at this short distance, the overwhelming energy of the ley line was distorting the etheric communicators. Getting a message to Adamant would be near impossible. No matter. Even if they could send help, more than likely it would be too late, anyway. She hit the control for the rear hatch and stepped back as it began to close. The whine of hydraulics was quickly overwhelmed by the wailing of the LAVs reactors as the craft slowly lifted off. 
Lanis turned her attention to her team which, having secured the area and found no immediate threats, had formed up within earshot to receive further orders. Gray stood to her right. His expression was ambiguous but Laniss instincts told her that something was eating at him.
Okay people, we deploy here, she began. The men closed up and focused on her commands.
"Cable team, take up position in that structure, she said, indicating the apartments over the ruined shopping center. "Rifle team, find cover at ground level and be ready to suppress the target.
She turned and pointed at the tall structure. I want the ATR on that rooftop.
Abes nodded.
Lanis scanned their faces. Everyone appeared to understand. Even the rookie seemed to be keeping his fear in check.
We may not have much time so move with a purpose. GO!
With a chorus of affirmations, the team broke up and took to their assignments with practiced haste. Lanis turned and stared off toward Talanfords downtown districts. Her eyes scanned the debris-strewn streets but she focused on her Vimsense, straining to locate her quarry. Nothing. She sighed. There were other ways.
She pulled out the Banshee and removed the Vimstone cartridge, turning it in her fingers as she, once again, scanned the stone within for defects, a habit that helped her focus. She sensed Gray standing behind her.
Whats on your mind, Sergeant? she asked, still inspecting the stone cartridge.
Gray glanced around to make sure that the rest of the team had moved out of earshot.
You didnt tell Captain Halvere that you sensed netherdragon magic, he said.
Lanis didnt seem at all surprised by his accusatory tone. She lowered the rifle a bit but didnt turn around.
No, I didnt."
Grays expression tightened a bit. It was the answer hed expected but certainly not the one hed hoped for. 
"If I had, he would have scrubbed the mission, Lanis continued as she placed the Vimstone cartridge back into the rifle. 
"And Id have missed my chance. 
She rammed the cartridge home with the palm of her hand.
Gray looked at her back and twisted his mouth, biting back another question. Instead, he turned his gaze off in the direction she was looking, trying fruitlessly to guess at what was going through her mind.
The ned will have sensed the hopper's reactor harmonics, she said. Hell be coming.
Gray didnt really like her tone.
And youre SURE hes gonna come this way? he asked.
Lanis glanced back at him, her expression hard.
Im about to go toss him an invitation, she said, holstering the EP rifle and patting the pair of null grenades attached to her belt. Get in position.
Gray hesitated for an instant before responding.
Okay Chief, he said with a slightly resigned nod as he turned to walk away. 
He paused and glanced back at her with a hard expression, an unspoken comment hanging on his lips.
But Lanis was already focused on the task ahead and she didnt seem to notice his hesitation. Gray thought the better of what he was about to say, sighed quietly, and set off to join the rest of the team.
***
Ryan leaned out from behind the pitted wall of one of the many gun towers along Talanfords outer wall. Behind him lay the rusted remains of one of the citys large 80mm voidcaster batteries, its barrel still pointed toward the sky just as it had been on the citys fateful final day. The roof of the tower was littered with dozens of corroded shell casings and covered with bird droppings, dirt and debris. The sun beat down mercilessly on Ryan's back and the heat made the stale smell of the ruins all the more pungent, particularly with the lack of any sort of breeze.
Gantros waited below, outside the city wall and out of view. Ryan could feel the drakes agitation at being stuck on the ground while enemies were so near. He gnawed on his lower lip as he peered through his spyglass at the netherdragons and considered his options, none of which seemed particularly good at the moment.
The dragons had stopped searching for the moment and appeared to be having a conversation. Ryan wished he could hear what they were discussing, not that he was likely to understand it anyway. His only consolation was that if, indeed, they were searching for the Wyrmweaver, they didnt appear to have found it yet.
Suddenly, the scraggly looking netherdragon on the roof perked up and looked around. Ryan reflexively pressed himself lower on the wall even though there was little chance the creature could spot him at this range in daylight.
The Stalkers seemed to share a few more words then separated. The scraggly one drew its sword, took off and flew low over the rooftops to Ryans left. Ryan tracked it until it landed on a building, where it glanced around then dropped down to street level.
Ryan looked back to the other dragon. That one turned South and headed deeper into the city, passing behind a building and out of sight.
Ryan put away the spyglass and backed away from the wall. He shuffled back around the massive gun to the far side of the tower.
Theres no choice, Gantros. I have to go in on foot.
I dont like it. You will be alone.
Ive got a better chance of avoiding them myself. Therere some pretty large structures in this area where you can hide. If I need you, Ill give a shout.
Assuming that you can. Are you sure about this?
Ryan wasnt sure about much of anything at the moment but this plan seemed like the best of limited options.
Lets do it. The sooner I find this Wyrmweaver the sooner were out of here.
Very well, the drake conceeded.
Gantros flew to the top of the tower and perched on the edge. Ryan stepped onto Gantross left hind leg and grabbed the saddle harness for balance. Once he was set, the drake took off and glided down to street level. Ryan jumped off and grabbed his satchel and weapon belt from the saddle harness.
Wait here. I'll be back soon, he said as threw the satchel strap over his shoulder and wrapped the belt around his waist.
Gantros watched Ryan run off into the city alone. Only once his rider was out of view did Gantros turn around and crawl inside the cover of a partially burned house that was just inside the the mainwall.


NINETEEN

7 Luun, 1396
Talanford Ruins, Residential Ward
Northern Calandra

Lanis jogged down a narrow alley between two buildings in one of the citys residential wards. The rows of multi-story apartments, once home to thousands of Talanfords residents, now loomed like silent monuments to the citys final days. Once-manicured lawns were now infested with weeds, while thick vines draping the walls clawed their way into the crevices between the bricks, slowly and relentlessly going about the work of breaking down the remains of mans efforts.
Through her EVIs, the area appeared as an undulating sea of color as the goggles constantly adjusted to the varying etheric density of the ley line. She caught occasional glimpses of tiny, faint, auras that quickly scampered away at her approach--the life signs of the myriad of small vermin that had claimed the city.
Lanis glanced up toward the sky. Through the jumble of pipes and wires that choked the alley above her, the sky appeared blindingly bright. It wasnt the bright of the sun, the heat from which she could feel washing across her face as she moved in and out of the shadows, but the ethereal brightness of the ley line that encompassed the city. Her EVIs did a fair job of filtering out the massive amount of ambient Vim but they couldnt keep up with the bursts of etheric flares that zipped across the sky like a silent fireworks show. 
Silent to mundanes, anyway. To a Vimsensitive, it was a constant melody of soft tones and airy near-voices. Lanis once heard another battlemancer describe standing in a ley line as listening to the songs of angels. It seemed an apt description.
But there was another sound here as well, and Lanis knew this sound well. She stopped at the corner of a building where a second alley crossed the one she was in and focused her Vimsense, narrowing in on the oily resonance of netherdragon magic that didnt quite mix in with the background harmonics. 
Not as grating as the harsh sounds of enchantech devices, netherdragon magic was more subtle and sinister. It felt cold and always made Lanis imagine the putrid smell of death. She held her breath, as if, by doing so she could avoid breathing the foul aura. The sensation was strongest to the northeast and had to be close for her to sense it over the noise.
She looked in that direction and adjusted the gain on her EVIs. The world seemed to grow brighter as the filters allowed more of the ambient Vim to enter the display. Slowly, the neds aura began to materialize out of the magical haze. He was only a few blocks away.
Lanis had been lucky. The ley line was masking the neds aura even more than shed anticipated. Had it not been for his channeling tipping off her Vimsense, she might have blundered right into him. 
Of course, it worked both ways, meaning that the neds own Vimsense should be greatly diminished as well. A small consolation, considering that the the dragon would be far more powerful than usual, being able to draw on the high levels of ambient Vim to support his channeling.
Lanis stopped near the end of the alley where it opened into a wider main thoroughfare. She approached the corner and put her back to the wall, inching up to the edge to peek out into the main street.
The ned was there, roughly eighty mets away and slowly heading her direction. Even at this distance, he seemed to tower over her. 
Lanis had seen her share of netherdragons, often closer than this, but she still shivered at the rush of adrenaline and fear elicited by the sight of such a massive and powerful creature. 
But this was not your garden-variety ned.
 His body was riddled with exposed tangles of wiring and partially revealed mechanical implants, the tell-tale signs of Teiran cybertek spellwiring.
Blood red leather straps hung from the shoulders and waist of his black, roughly-forged plate armor. Lanis could feel the harmonics of the powerful magical wards emanating from the armor even as her EVIs dialed back the brightness to reveal the complex halo of runic patterns snaking around the dragons form.
The ned had his massive four met long, serrated blade slung lazily over his shoulder as he slowly walked down the street, scanning the area with his lifeless, mechanical eyes.
An Imperium Stalker.
Lanis snapped back behind the corner as the Stalker's gaze swept over her position. His steady, thunderous, footfalls shook the buildings to their foundations, showering her with small cascades of dust from the walls and causing the loose layer of pebbles covering the ground to dance around her feet. 
She timed the steps, estimating the distance to the target. In a few seconds she would have to make the call: Engage or abort. 
She thought of Denios comment in the hopper. It was true that she never had actually fought a ned, let alone a Stalker, inside a ley line. The last time she faced down a Stalker was in Montrey, a few cycles ago. It had taken everything she had to bring down that monster.
Of course, shed learned a thing or two since then. Her thoughts turned to her Booster. The harmonics of the array hummed reassuringly in her mind, but would it be powerful enough to break this neds defensive wards if he managed to reinforce them? Could she push it that far? 
Denio wasnt the only one with doubts. Gray was concerned about their odds too, though hed been a bit more circumspect in voicing that concern. Was she taking too much of a risk?
As she considered her options, her fingers subconsciously ran over the five gouges on the Banshees stock. With each stroke, the hate welled up a bit more. Her finger stopped after the fifth mark, lingering on the unmarred spot where the next would be. That spot had been reserved for that bastard at Falcreek.
Shed missed her chance that time--she wouldnt miss this one. She didnt even consider whose names would go with this mark.
Lanis snatched a null grenade from her belt and held the rune-covered cylinder in her left hand, pausing to go over her plan. Once she got the neds attention, there wouldnt be much time to think. She reviewed the route to the ambush site in her mind, then did a quick double-check of the enhancement schemata of her armor.
Another impact rattled the buildings around her, snapping her attention back to the ned. That step was very close. Judging by the rumbling rush of his breathing, he was just outside the alley exit. Lanis pressed herself against the wall into the shadows and clung tightly to the grip of the Banshee as the monstrous creature strode by, seemingly unaware of her presence. She waited until he took a few more steps past the alley before she armed the grenade. 
She was well aware that the zapper couldn't seriously hurt a warded ned. That wasnt the point. The discordant antimagic burst of a null grenade was like a concussion blast to a dragons acute Vimsense. It would certainly get his attention and, if she was lucky, maybe even stun him a bit, giving her a headstart back to the ambush site. She released her grip and let the arming handle fly free. 
Counting quickly to three, she tossed the grenade into the street toward the neds back. Without bothering to wait and see if shed hit him, she turned back down the alley and took off at a full sprint. Behind her, she felt more than heard the null-grenades high-pitched squeal followed by the furious roar of the ned. 
She activated the strength enhancement schema of her armor, which would increase her speed but also signal the ned to her presence, acting as a lure. Warm energy flowed through her body and she felt a bit lighter. Increasing speed, she sprinted down the alley, weaving and dodging around debris at breakneck speed.
She keyed her EComm. Gray! Invite sent! Inbound with a guest! Standby!
Copy  ief  a  set, came the barely audible response.
Lanis ran through the maze of alleys, weaving her way back to the ambush site. The world was silent save for the sound of her breathing and her heartbeat pounding in her ears. For a moment, she began to wonder if the ned had taken the bait.
She was answered by her Vimsense as the cold and sickly wave of a netherdragon spellshock overtook her from behind, followed almost instantly by the blastwave of a physical explosion. 
A large chunk of brick and mortar flew past her, narrowly missing her left shoulder as it ricocheted down the alley ahead of her, spinning and bursting apart as it careened off the walls and ground. Dust and debris engulfed her from behind, filling the alley with a brownish-gray haze. 
Lanis dared a quick glance over her shoulder as a massive shadow overtook her and a thunderous roar filled her ears.
***
Ryan gave the rotted wooden door a swift kick, bursting it open to reveal another room full of worthless, dust-covered furniture. Disappointed, he backed up and preceeded to the end of the hall, looking down at the Auraeometer as he walked. He ducked in surprise when his head bumped a low-hanging light fixture.
He reached up to still the swinging lamp and sighed. If he thought following the Auraeometer was difficult in the open sky, it was nothing compared to trying to use it to navigate the maze of half-destroyed buildings that made up this ruined city. Perhaps he should revise his original search estimate from days to weeks.
Thus far, Ryan hadnt seen any sign of the Stalkers and, for that, at least, he could be grateful. With any luck, he could sneak in, find this Wyrmweaver, and get out before the Stalkers even knew he was here. 
But he certainly wasnt going to find anything inside this rundown hotel. It was time for him to move on. He tucked the Auraeometer back in his satchel and headed downstairs to the buildings main entrance.
He reached the front of the lobby, which looked out onto the street through what was once a wall of huge windows. The glass had been shattered decades ago and now lay broken and discolored amidst the dirt and leaves covering the floor. Not bothering to open the door, Ryan simply stepped through a broken window and peered down the street in each direction. Everything was still and quiet.
He pulled out the Auraeometer for a quick bearing. The needle pointed Southwest, across the street. Unlike many of the streets of the city, this one was largely devoid of rubble since the buildings along it remained mostly intact. Just his luck, as it meant he had no cover. 
He could backtrack around and look for a more obscure path but he was getting impatient. Besides, it wasnt that far--only maybe forty mets. He put the device away and started jogging across the street, keeping a wary eye on his surroundings.
As he reached the center of street, a large shadow passed overhead and the ground shook violently from a massive impact.
Ryan froze in his tracks and glanced to his right. The scraggly looking Stalker was standing in the street no more than a hundred mets away. It furled its massive wings and started scanning the area. Slowly, it turned and looked in Ryans direction. For a moment, he and Ryan just stared at one another, both equally surprised.
Youve got to be kidding, Ryan muttered.
The Stalker turned toward Ryan and drew its massive sword. Its roar rattled the windows of the surrounding buildings as the dragon started to charge.


TWENTY

7 Luun, 1396
Talanford Ruins, Residential Ward
Northern Calandra

Gray lifted his EVIs and rubbed the sweat from around his eyes with his other hand, wiping it off on his pant leg as he adjusted the goggles back over his eyes. The humid air seemed all that much worse up here on the rooftop where there was no cover from the sun. His body armor seemed to amplify the heat exponentially. He imagined this was what a baked potato felt like wrapped in foil.
He tried to put his discomfort out of mind and upped the magnification of the goggles, focusing on the slowly rising cloud of dust a few blocks away to the South. A few moments ago, the pained roar of a ned had echoed across the city followed by what sounded like a heavy artillery shell going off right where that dust cloud had come from. Shortly after that had come the garbled call from the Chief. She'd engaged the target and all that remained now was for her to lead it back here.
To Grays right, Abes sat on a crate with his eye pressed to the sights of his ATR, which he had leveled over the short wall that encircled the rooftop and aimed down at the street. He seemed perfectly relaxed, which was a good thing because Gray was tense enough for the both of them. Taking on a ned was nasty business and he still hadnt fully quelled his concerns about this op.
He keyed his EComm. Cable team, eyes south. Target inbound. Stay sharp.
He hoisted up his Kovel assault rifle and checked to see that a round was in the receiver. It was the fourth time hed done that in the last few minutes. Yeah, he was nervous.
Looking over the edge of the building, he quickly surveyed the ambush site, mentally noting the positions of the other team members, although he couldnt actually see them from his vantage point.
Cablers Holt, Kramer, Heiko and Lewis were set up in the second story apartments on either side of the street, ready to pin down the target as it entered the kill zone. 
Gunners Watts, Demas and Denio were in cover down at street level, prepared to lay on suppression fire once the ned was snared. Then it was up to the Chief to drop its barriers so Abes could finish the job with the ATR. It was the most basic setup in the book and usually worked.
But things could go to pieces in a hurry, as happened in Falcreek. And there was still the unknown element of the ley line.
Gray checked the receiver of his Kovel again.
Another roar erupted nearby, followed by the collapse of a building a few blocks to the South, this one much closer than the first explosion. The top of the structure disappeared behind the other nearby buildings, sending up a cloud of gray dust that surged through the streets and alleyways, finally billowing out into the main street about one hundred and fifty mets away.
A small form burst out of the cloud and Gray zoomed in his EVIs to see Lanis running at a full sprint toward the kill zone as though all of hell were on her heels. 
There was the bright flash of a powerful spellshock and, an instant later, the building behind Lanis exploded as the ned erupted out into the main avenue amidst a shower of splintered wood, shattered bricks and dust. His claws dug long rents in the concrete as he slid sideways across the street and crashed into the opposite building, bringing down the facade in an avalanche of rubble.
Lanis, sensing a short opportunity, spun around and backpedaled a short distance, bringing the Banshee to bear and firing off a long burst. The squealing bolts of ethergenic plasma spattered across the dragons neck and torso, causing visible ripples in his barriers as the discordant magical energy ripped away at both wards and flesh.
The dragon recoiled slightly from the attack.
Infernal monkey-spawn! Ill make you curse your own ancestors for breeding! he roared as he pulled himself from the rubble and charged up the street.
Lanis maintained her fire for several seconds, trying to keep the neds attention focused on her, lest he sniff out the ambush.
The Banshees booster array suddenly changed pitch as its Vimstone core overloaded. With a loud crack and wisp of smoke, the stone shattered and went silent.
Lanis spat a curse and glanced up to see the ned barreling down upon her. She wheeled around and sprinted up the street, trying to get to the ambush site before the dragon could overtake her.
Abes tightened his grip on the ATR.
Shards Sarge, its right on top of her! he yelled, taking aim at the rapidly approaching dragon. Take a shot?!
Gray held up his hand. Negative! Wait for the Chief to drop its wards!
He took position and leveled his weapon at the massive monster as he keyed the shortwave. Cable team, stand by!
Lanis ran as hard as she could, purely on adrenaline now. Her strength schema had automatically timed out and deactivated a few blocks earlier, a precautionary safeguard to keep the user from overexerting herself. She wished it had lasted just a bit longer.
She was almost to the ambush site now but out in the open the ned had a definite advantage with his enormous strides. Lanis didnt dare look back for fear of tripping but she could feel the weight of the dragon on her heels, the impact of his massive footfalls shaking the ground beneath her feet as he got ever closer.
She felt the sudden sickening surge through her Vimsense as the dragon began to channel a spell and she began to think she wasnt going to make it.
***
From his vantage point at the window of the second floor apartment, Kramer watched in awe as the building a few blocks away exploded. He tried to concentrate over his fear as the massive ned burst out of the explosion, slid across the street and smashed sideways into a building just a few blocks away. The force of the impact shook the building around Kramer and he flinched slightly as bits of debris rained down on him from the old, damaged structure.
He glanced over at Lewis, who was in position at another window in the next room, visible through gaps in the heavily damaged interior wall. Lewis noticed and gave Kramer a stern look, gesturing from his eyes to the street, directing the rookie to pay attention.
Kramer snapped back around and focused on the situation, readjusting his grip on his M7-B Pilus cable rifle. He quickly double-checked that the half-met long harpoon was clear in the barrel and that the cable was properly attached. The rest of the fifty met magically-reinforced steel cable lay in a carefully wound spool on the floor, the far end snaking back across the room to where it was wrapped several times around a large reinforced, concrete support pillar and secured with metal clamps. Another identical cable lay nearby, ready to be loaded and fired after the first. It was just like in training, only this time it was a live target. The adrenaline rush was more than hed anticipated.
Cabling the dragon and keeping it pinned to the ground was critical to the success of the ambush. Negating the neds maneuvering advantage was all that gave the humans a chance to bring it down, otherwise it would just take to the air and strafe them with magic or its deadly ice breath. All Kramer could think of was how he didnt want to frag this up. He tried to swallow but his throat was completely dry.
In the street below, the lieutenant was backing away and firing at the ned with her EP rifle. The squealing sound of the magical bolts was drowned out by the dragons roaring response which was actually loud enough to temporarily blur Kramers vision. Abruptly, the lieutenant stopped firing and broke away in the direction of the ambush site. The dragon ripped himself free of the wall and took up the chase, closing the distance in seconds.
Cable team, stand by! Gray's voice crackled over the EComm.
Kramer inhaled sharply. This was it.
The lieutenant sprinted past his position but Kramer kept his focus on the ned as it approached. He leveled the M7 toward the monsters head and tracked it as it passed the window not even ten mets away. He squeezed the trigger and with a loud bang, the harpoon whistled toward the target. The rune-enhanced penetrator breached the dragons protective wards and bit deep into the creatures neck, just behind his head. 
The ned roared in pain and twisted away from the attack. Kramer dodged to the side as the coils of cable rapidly played out in a swirl of dust, literally grinding several centimets into the window frame before finally snapping taught with a loud twang. The concrete pillar cracked from the sudden shock and bits of debris rained down on Kramer from the ceiling. He ducked, half expecting the room to collapse on him. Amazingly, the old structure held.
He could hear the bangs and whistles of his teammates firing their cables at the target. He glanced out the window.
The ned managed only a few more strides before the reinforced cables pulled tight. He strained against them and, for an instant, it seemed as though he might simply burst through the trap. But the lines held fast and the dragons claws slipped out from beneath him as he pressed forward. With a loud, screeching roar, the ned crashed to the ground. His huge sword bounced out of his grip, casting molten sparks as it careened off the concrete.
Theyd done it! The target was down. Now they needed to keep it there.
Kramer scrambled to grab the other harpoon and reload his weapon for a second shot.
***
Lanis skidded to a halt and glanced back at the downed ned. He was already beginning to shake off the shock and rise to a kneeling position, even as additional cables hit him from the surrounding windows.
Rifle team, move in and suppress! she barked as she tried to catch her breath. She ejected the spent Vimstone cartridge from the Banshee and slapped in a fresh one as she turned and quick-stepped back toward the target.
Watts, Denio and Demas broke cover, charging into the street and peppering the ned with bursts of automatic fire. The hail of JAM rounds, while not as effective as EP rifle bolts, gnawed away at the neds barrier wards in a shower of blue sparks and molten lead. The majority of the rounds were shattered or deflected but managed, through sheer volume, to overwhelm the barriers enough for some to penetrate. 
Most of those were blunted by the dragons physical armor, but where they managed to dig into exposed flesh, their anti-magic enchantments would cause severe anaphylaxis to the dragons biomagical physiology, resulting in extremely painful and distracting wounds.
Additional suppression fire began to pour in from the cable teams as they finished securing the second round of cables and switched to their assault rifles. The Stalker roared in fury as he desperately flailed against the cables, sending shocks through the surrounding structures as he tried to escape from the withering barrage.
Finally, the Stalker managed tear one of the cables loose and free his left arm. Grasping at the cable in the back of his neck, the ned wrenched on it with all his strength. The magically reinforced cable was designed to take such stress but the support to which it was secured was another matter.
Kramer never even knew what hit him. With a sharp crack, the pillar behind him, already weakened by the initial shock, burst free and came flying toward him like a wrecking ball, blasting through the wall and flinging his limp, broken body down onto the street amidst a shower of shattered concrete.
Now given more room to move, the ned rose up on both foreclaws and strained against the cables, wrenching several more of them free. He arched his neck back and inhaled deeply, his chest and the large air sacks on either side of his neck expanding rapidly.
Breath attack! Lanis shouted as she charged forward, trying to place herself in front of her teammates. Get behind me! Now! 
She stopped in the middle of the street and dropped the Banshee, allowing it to dangle from her wrist by the sling. She eyed the ned, anticipating the timing of his attack and began to channel a barrier techniq into her Booster.
Already knowing what to do, Watts, Demas, and Denio made a break for Lanis' position, desperately trying to get behind her before the ned could unleash his deadly barrage. 
Watts and Denio got there first, sliding in behind Lanis and hunkering down. Demas was still a few mets away when the dragon lunged forward and exhaled his deadly freezing breath. The blast roared toward the cluster of exposed humans with the combined sound of a tornado and shattering glass.
Demas made a desperate leap of the remaining distance, landing hard on his stomach just as Lanis channeled her boosted barrier encompassing them all in a dome of compressed etheric force. Denio lunged out, grabbed Demas and struggled to pull him into the barriers protective zone just as they were engulfed in the blinding torrent of supernatural cold and razor sharp ice shards. Demas bellowed in pain as his left leg was clipped by the blast before he could pull it behind the barrier.
Lanis gritted her teeth and tried to ignore the pained screams of her teammate as she concentrated on maintaining the shield. Her breath created plumes of vapor in the rapidly chilling air as she pumped more Vim into the barrier matrix, trying to bolster its rapidly dimishing strength. The stones of her Booster began to discord, indicating an impending burnout. She timed the pulses in her head, listening for the moment that the stones would give out completely, and prepared herself for the impending backlash.
Fortunately, the barrier held. After a few long seconds the attack subsided. Lanis dropped the barrier and immediately sprang into action. She holstered the Banshee and pulled the damaged stone cartridges from her Booster and tossed them aside. Grabbing a fresh set of cartridges, she charged toward the ned.
Sniper, stand by! Im going to drop his barriers! she yelled as she jammed the cartridges into the Booster.
***
Demas clasped deliriously at Denios arms, shuddering and groaning through gritted teeth. Denio kept hold of him and tried to keep himself from looking down at the wound. From the knee down hung loose shreds of frozen armor and torn flesh exposing bone and tendons. The grisly injury, flash frozen in the blast, was already starting to thaw in the heat and the wound was slowly beginning to seep. It made him sick.
Medic! he bellowed, trying to hold Demass head up to keep him from looking at his leg. Hang on, buddy, he said, looking around frantically for help. Shards! Medic!!
Heiko, already on her way when she saw Kramer go down, came running out into the street. She cast a wary eye toward the ned and sprinted over to Denio and Demas. She knelt down and gently grabbed Demass leg to steady it as she sized up the extent of the wound. She grimaced and prepared to channel a healing Techniq.
***
Skarvexhet roared in fury as he twisted free of the wire that had pinned his left leg.
He didnt know how many of these vermin were crawling amongst the surrounding structures but he cared little. He was whittling down their numbers, despite the efforts of their battlemage to protect them. They were soft and frail; their runes weak. A Talon did not fall to such rabble.
With a roar of pain and fury, he wrenched another of the metal wires from his right side along with a sizeable chunk of his flesh. Curse these humans for their deceitful tactics. Once he freed himself and took to the air, he would make them all suffer.
He got to one knee and noticed the female battlemage coming toward him, weaving a spell of some kind. This was a gallant one, and foolish. Skarvexhet bent down and retrieved his sword. The runes pulsed with excitement at his touch, hungering for enemy blood. He stood up to his full height, dragging the blade across the ground as he brought it to bear. The weapon unleashed a high-pitched squeal of anticipation as it gouged a deep scar in the concrete.
***
Lanis glared up at the ned looming over her as he ripped free of the cables pinning his upper body and stood to his full height, brining his wicked sword to bear.
Lanis stood poised and relaxed with her hands clasped together as she concentrated on her spellbreaker, mentally forming the complex mental pattern of the techniq and imprinting it into her Booster. She channeled Vim into the matrix and listened to the harmonics of the stones in the array as they amplified the power of the techniq. As the energy increased, the tone of the harmonics changed, rising in pitch and amplitude.
She had only one shot at breaking the neds wards before he would be free of the trap and she needed every bit of power she could squeeze out of the stones to do it.
Pushing the Envelope, as it was known, was extremely risky. A Vimstone could only sustain a given amplitude of Vim before the excessive harmonics would cause its structure to break down and disintegrate, leaving behind nothing but toxic, black Dust. As the stone shattered, the magical energy stored in its crystalline matrix would erupt in a flash, disrupting the techniq and ravaging the channeler with uncontrolled and amplified backlash. 
Backlash was an accepted risk of channeling, but the backlash caused by the artificially amplified Vim of a boosted techniq was particularly vicious, often causing permanent nerve damage or even death to the channeler.
Pushing the Envelope was a term used by Battlemancers to describe the tactic of intentionally burning out the Vimstones in a Booster for the purpose of getting the maximum possible effect out of a channeled techniq. 
As a Vimstone began to overload, its pure harmonics would begin to discord, like a musical instrument going out of tune. Standard practice was to discharge or abort a techniq at this point, both to avoid the potential backlash and the wasting of stones. 
But some Battlemancers, pushing the limit of that threshold, discovered that when on the verge of burnout, a Vimstone's harmonic resonance would suddenly change again, dropping to a near imperceptible level for only an instant. They dubbed it the calm before the storm and just beyond it was the absolute peak of a stones power. 
A well-attuned channeler could time their techiq discharge to the exact instant of burnout, taking full advantage of the sudden burst of Vim to push their techniq to maximum possible effect. Unfortunately, it meant keeping the spell matrix active as the backlash poured through it. One mistake in timing and the channeler would be wide open to the full effects of maximized backlash.
Channeling backlash was often described as like being struck by lightning. The backlash generated by pushing the envelope was like being struck by lightning while standing in water with a lightning rod held to your head.
The last time Lanis had attempted it was in the Battle of Montrey, two cycles ago. Shed failed that time and it cost the lives of six friendly soldiers and nearly burned out her Gift. Now she was trying again--this time in a ley line. She had no idea what effect that might have.
In front of her the Stalker was engulfed in a halo of blue sparks and rippling magical distortions as he struggled against the hail of automatic fire from her team. Using his wings to shield himself from the assault, he threw himself forward, trying to wrench free of the last remaining wires around his legs. The wires held, but the structures began to give way under the strain, allowing the ned to advance a step. He growled menacingly and drew back his blade to strike.
Lanis pushed more Vim into the Booster. The 'stones wailed as they began to reach their limit.
***
Gray ejected the empty magazine from his Kovel and slapped in a fresh one. Taking position over the wall, he took aim at the ned and fired several short bursts. At this distance, he couldnt see the rounds impacting but it was nearly impossible to miss such a big target. It didnt really matter anyway. It was just harassing fire, meant to keep the beast distracted while Lanis did her thing.
For a moment, Gray thought the whole ambush had gone south when the ned had gotten off that breath attack. Miraculously, Lanis had managed to deflect it although, from the EComm chatter, Gray knew that there had been casualties. He tried not to think about that as he emptied another magazine into the monster. 
He could see Lanis moving toward the ned. How she could concentrate on channeling so close to that thing was simply amazing. Hed seen her in action many times but it never ceased to impress him.
He glanced at Abes, who carefully kept the ATR sighted on the ned, patiently waiting for the moment to strike.
Gray pulled back behind the wall and reloaded his weapon.
The Chiefs making her move! he yelled. Stand by!
Ive got him, Abes said, cool as ever.
Gray took position over the wall in time to see the ned throw himself forward, scrambling to get to Lanis before she could finish her channeling. 
The cables held, pulling a cascade of debris from the surrounding buildings. Those structures werent going to take that kind of beating much longer. Lanis remained standing defiantly in the middle of the street, either unaware or unfazed by the danger. She looked awfully small down there.
Gray took aim at the neds head and fired off a burst as the monster lunged forward again.
***
Lanis felt the shocks of the dragons thrashing more than saw it. Her mind was completely focused on her spellbreaker. The rest of the world seemed dim and distant by comparison. 
She folded the techniq again, pushing more Vim into the matrix. The stones squealed in protest, having already started to discord. Lanis clenched her jaw. Sweat poured off her brow, burning her eyes. One more push. She took a slight step back with one foot, shifting her weight in preparation to dodge the neds imminent counterattack.
The stones went silent--the Calm.
Lanis opened her eyes and threw her hands forward, directing her spell at the target as she completed the final mental pattern of the techniq, closing and completing the spell matrix. 
The Vimstones erupted in a silent but powerful flash, wracking her body with a flood of raw magical energy--the Storm.
The shock hit her hard, making her dizzy. But this time, shed timed the release perfectly and maintained control. The amplified Vim surged through her spellbreaker matrix. The highly specialized spell was like a virus.It burrowed into the Stalker's wards, corrupting and tearing apart the runic patterns until, at last, they collapsed.
***
In a flash of horror, Skarvexhet realized that he was in trouble. He sensed his defensive enchantments disintegrating, which shouldnt have been possible. Somehow that miserable hack-channeler had actually managed to use her little amp to break his wards.
The pricks of the humans magic-rending bullets, previously just a mere annoyance, suddenly began to burn like fire. Skarvexhet found it hard to focus amidst the hail of searing impacts. 
He reached out to the power of the Chirii flow, drawing upon it to weave a new array of defensive wards. A volley of impacts ripped across the side of his head, breaking his concentration and forcing him start again. Fury and fear further complicated his efforts. 
He needed to take wing, pull back, and regain the advantage. Where was that blasted Akarahk?!
Skarvexhet yanked at the tangle of wires around his legs, roaring in frustration as they refused to give way.
***
Lanis staggered backward a few steps and put a hand to her head, fighting the sudden bout of dizziness. She could hear the battle raging around her but it was muted, almost like watching it in slow motion. The ground seemed to rock back and forth beneath her feet. She stumbled a bit and blinked the sweat out of her eyes. Gradually, her senses began to come into focus. 
All at once, as though someone flipped a switch, the world seemed to snap back into focus around her.
Fifty or so mets away, the ned was reeling under the onslaught of her teams concentrated fire. The enhanced JAM rounds, no longer hindered by the dragons magical defenses, were biting in with much greater effect and the monster was clearly struggling. 
But he was still a massive creature and such small rounds had little chance of doing any lethal damage. It would take a lot more than that to bring him down.
Laniss Vimsense told her that the ned was attempting to channel, no doubt trying to restore his barriers. If he succeeded, her teams chances of finishing him off dropped to nothing. The window of opportunity would not last long.
She keyed her EComm.
His wards are down! she choked out. Drop him!
***
Shards, Abes growled as he tried to keep his sights on the dragons head. The ned was thrashing about so much that it forced him to lower the scopes magnification just to keep the target visible in the recticle. 
The AR-5 was a bulky weapon, designed for attacking relatively slow armored vehicles, not live targets. It was somewhat difficult to keep sighted on a rapidly moving mark.
He tried to time the neds movements and anticipate where to place his shot. Sensing a moment, he squeezed the trigger and the rifle pounded his shoulder with recoil. The shock from the weapon sent an ominous crack echoing down the street and kicked up dust off the rooftop, but the ned moved at the last moment and the shot narrowly missed, gouging a chunk of concrete from the roadway near the dragons feet. 
The ned paused for an instant, then glared directly up at Abes' and Grays position. Recognizing the new threat, he renewed his efforts to escape with increased vigor.
Abes cursed again as the target became little more than a blur in his sights. 
Fine, have it your way, he said, aiming, instead, for the dragons main body mass.
 He squeezed the trigger and the rifle pounded him again.
This time the shot caught the ned in the hip, the enormous impact of the high-velocity SCAM round literally knocking the creatures legs out from under him. He roared in pain as he slammed down to the street. 
Desperate to escape, the dragon struggled to stand.
Abes adjusted his aim slightly and fired again and again. Steaming twenty millimet casings skittered across the rooftop as he emptied the magazine, pumping the remaining two rounds into the target with little regard for accuracy.
The first shot hit the ned in the right shoulder, piercing the thick armor with a loud thunk and sending the monster reeling backward.
The next round blasted a gaping hole through its neck, splashing the street with a shower of black blood and abruptly choking off the dragons furious screeching. Yet, it remained standing.
The ned took a slow, unsteady step forward.
Abes didnt take the time to load a full clip. Without taking his eye from the target, he reached down and snatched a single round from his belt pouch, rammed it into the open reciever and hammered the charging handle forward.
Taking aim, he held his breath, and fired. It was a clean shot to the head which literally turned the Stalkers brain to jelly.
The massive creature staggered for a moment, as if deciding whether or not to die. After a few agonizing seconds, the dragon went limp, dropped his sword and toppled forward, crumpling to the ground with a thunderous crash. 
Abes lowered the rifle and let out his breath. He glanced over at Gray, who seemed to be yelling something to him but Abes couldn't hear him over the ringing in his ears so he just smiled back.


TWENTY ONE

7 Luun, 1396
Talanford Ruins, Residential Ward
Northern Calandra

Ryan slammed hard against a wall, abruptly stopping his backward momentum. The impact buckled his knees and he slid down to the ground, slightly dazed. He shook his head, spit a mouthful of blood and glanced up to see the Stalkers sword rushing down toward him. He rolled aside just in time to leap away as the blade shattered the wall behind him in a shower of brick and mortar fragments.
Choking on the dust, Ryan retreated down the street, hoping to get some distance between him and the monster. He sprinted past a metal light pole, instinctively ducking as the dragons massive weapon clipped off the pole behind him with a sharp metallic peal. Ryan could sense the weight of the beast bearing down on him.
Drop low, Gantros said as he suddenly banked into view from around the corner of a building and headed straight toward Ryan. 
Ryan fell back and slid beneath Gantros as the drake passed only a couple of mets overhead.
The Stalker was in a full sprint and unable to stop in time to react to the sudden appearance of the drake. Gantros slammed headlong into the ned, knocking him off his feet and tackling him to the ground. 
The two wrestled in the street; the Stalker trying to pry free of the drakes grip and Gantros raking and biting at the larger dragons exposed neck. It was a futile effort, as this Stalker was mostly cybertek and heavily warded, but there was still some meat left on him. Hopefully that meant that he still could feel pain.
Ryan drew out his sword and loped back toward the battle, sizing up his options quickly as he increased speed to a run. The Stalkers legs, while armored in heavy plate, were still more less organic. Ryans best chance was to attempt to hamstring the brute to bring him down, then try to finish him with a strike to a more vital area.
The Stalker, being much stronger than the smaller drake, finally managed to pry Gantros loose and fling him aside. Gantros flapped his wings hard but slammed sideways into a building before he could regain his equilibrium. He grasped the structure with his foreclaws, preventing him from falling to the ground, and quickly exhaled a gout of flame at the Stalker just as it prepared to follow through with a sword strike. Roaring more in surprise than pain from the blast, the dragon staggered back a few steps. 
Ryan, already cued to Gantross intent, charged in while the Stalker was distracted. The front of the ned's legs were armored in black, magic-infused plate greaves which would likely deflect any frontal attack. The backsides, however, were mostly exposed to allow for movement. a perfect target for a human-sized attacker who knew where to aim.
Ryan ran forward, dodging between the dragon's feet, then spun around to strike at the exposed muscle and tendons below the ankle. The scales were tougher than they appeared and likely shielded by magic, but Ryans spell-forged blade still managed to cut deep. The dragon roared in pain and collapsed to one knee.
Ryan scrambled to get out from under the beast, tripping over some debris that sent him sprawling. He glanced back and rolled aside as the neds sword came crashing down, shattering the concrete into an explosion of molten sparks. Ryan rolled up to his feet and started into a run, trying to retreat out of the Stalkers reach.
The Stalker reared back its head and inhaled deeply. Ryan heard the sound of the impending breath attack and doubled down into a full sprint, aiming for the only nearby cover, a partially collapsed wall that was over fifty mets away.
Behind him, the Stalker lunged forward, exhaling the lethal freezing blast. The cloud of deadly shards bore down on Ryan faster than he could run.
With a defiant roar, Gantros swooped down between Ryan and the Stalker, snagged Ryan precariously in his rear claws and, with a few powerful wing flaps, covered the remaining distance to the wall. He dropped Ryan behind it and veered away between the cover of two nearby buildings just as the freezing cloud flooded the area.
Ryan hunkered tightly against the wall as the frigid torrent swirled around him. Flecks of ice and mortar, along with the occasional brick, rained down on him as the blast of icy razors chewed apart his cover. The freezing mist blocked all vision as the temperature dropped tens of degrees in an instant. It might have been refreshing were it not so deadly.
As the blast finally abated, Ryan got up and stepped out from behind the wall, sword drawn. He leaned on the ravaged wall with one hand.
That the best youve got? he taunted.
The brick beneath his hand suddenly broke loose, initiating a slow cascade that gradually engulfed a large part of the wall. Ryan took a step back as the barrier that had just come between him and certain death crumbled into a steaming pile of pitted bricks and dust. He looked back at the dragon, smiled and shrugged.
The Stalker drew itself back up, slightly favoring its right leg, and chuckled--a sinister sound like grating metal that Ryan had to admit was a bit disconcerting. The chuckle trailed off and the monster glared at Ryan menacingly, then began uttering a strange, harsh language. Ryan couldnt understand the words but he immediately recognized the sound. The dragon was channeling!
Suddenly, several loud bangs echoed across rooftops from the West.
The Stalker paused, raised his head and looked off toward the sound, listening intently to something Ryan couldnt hear. Then he glared back at Ryan and snorted.
Clever, human, he hissed, Distracting me whilst your companions ambush my cohort.
Ryan had no idea what the ned was talking about. Companions? 
Thinking fast, he decided to play along.
Thats right. Your pals dead meat, or whatever it is youre made of, Ryan said mockingly. You may as well give up.
Unfortunately, the Stalker didnt seem impressed. He stepped back and once again began uttering the strange language. The runes on his armor glimmered brightly and the air around him seemed to ripple and coalesce several times as he reinforced the armors defensive wards with active barrier weaves.
Ryan ran forward.
Hey, Im not done with you yet! he yelled, drawing his pistol and taking a few shots at the dragon in the hopes that they might distract the creature enough to disrupt its channeling. The rounds deflected in a shower of bluish sparks, and didnt seem to faze the stalker at all. Ryan holstered the weapon and continued to charge with his sword drawn.
Gantros, grab him! Hes gonna take off!
Already coming.
The Stalker deployed his wings, flexing and shaking out the leathery membranes. At that moment Gantros cut a tight turn around a building behind the Stalker and barreled into him, grabbing on with tooth and claw. The Stalker staggered forward under the drake's weight as Gantros wrestled to keep the dragons wings pinned and out of use.
The Stalker twisted to the side, slamming Gantros against the side of a nearby building. The drake roared in pain and struggled to keep his grip.
Ryan charged forward, ducked beneath an ill-aimed swipe from the Stalker, and made for the creatures uninjured leg. Sensing Ryans intent, the Stalker spun the other direction, keeping his fresh leg away from the annoying dragonknight.
Ryan was forced to retreat to avoid being stepped on in the furious wrestling match going on above him. He took an opportune swing at the Stalkers right knee as he backed off. The blade pealed off the warded armor in a shower of sparks, searing a notable scar in the metal but failing to penetrate.
Gantros clambored further up the Stalkers back, biting at the armor covering the intersection of the beasts cybernetic neck and its more organic shoulders. The Stalker reached back over his shoulder and clawed at Gantros, managing to get a grip on the leather barding harness. Yanking forward, the Stalker ripped the drake loose and flung him clumsily down the street. Gantros landed hard, tumbling and sliding along the ground before finally managing to scramble back into the air. Slightly dazed, he gained some distance and turned around to re-engage.
Ryan was already charging back in when the ned broke the grapple. Concern over seeing his companion slammed to the ground along with the shock of feeling the echo of pain through the bond threw off his concentration for a critical instant. Ryan didnt notice the Stalker spinning back in his direction to intercept his charge until it was too late.
He barely managed to duck below the powerful backswing of the dragons armored forearm as it nearly took off his head. Off balance, he stood up just in time to catch the full force of the dragons tail slamming into him with the force of a truck.
The impact sent him airborne for nearly twenty mets before he hit the ground. He rolled with the impact as best he could, tumbling wildly until he careened through the windows of an abandoned storefront. He couldnt see what he was smashing through as he barreled through the darkness but he felt the sharp pain in his left shoulder and the sudden strike to his head before he finally came to a stop. 
Ryan! Gantross thoughts cut through the haze. Ryan!
Gantros?
But there was no further response from the drake.
Ryans last sensation was the feeling of small debris raining down on him and the smell of dust clogging his mouth and nose as the dim light of the windows hed just smashed through faded to darkness.
***
Lanis glowered at the shuddering corpse of the stalker laying in the street before her. Denio walked up beside her.
Shatter me, Chief, you did it, he said incredulously.
Lanis took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
It was a near thing, she said.
She reached around and grabbed the partially ejected stone cartridges from her Booster. She considered the smoldering cartridges with a disappointed frown.
The ley line bolstered his enchantments more than I expected, she said. Even with a Booster, I almost couldnt break them.
As it is, I burned out two sets of stones, she sighed and tossed the cartridges aside in disgust.
If hed actually been ready for us
A cold, dank sensation washed over her, followed by the foul and unmistakable spellshock of netherdragon channeling.
Lanis snapped her attention to the corpse, though she already knew that it couldn't have been the source. Whatever it was, it certainly wasnt far away.
Her mind raced as she sensed yet another netherdragon weave, then another. Her eyes went wide with realization.
Tems dust, how could I be so stupid? she muttered, glancing around with an increasing sense of dread, trying to pinpoint the source of the spellshocks.
Whats wrong, Chief? Denio asked, glancing around nervously as he began to pick up on her anxiety.
Lanis was too distracted to respond. She keyed her EComm. Gray, do you read?! she said, her tone bordering on panic.
Here, Chief, crackled the EComm. "What's the"
Theres another one! she yelled.
The EComm channel crackled. Shiv Nine, this is Spectre! Ned airborne near your position! REPEAT! HOSTILE INBOUND!
Shatter me, Lanis cursed.
A large shadow passed across the street as the Stalker soared overhead, scouting the teams position. He uttered a hollow, metallic roar and wheeled around for another pass.
Abes nearly dropped the fresh magazine he was loading into the ATR as he looked up to see the newly arrived Stalker pass overhead. Gray stood up next to him and the two men watched from the rooftop as the beast banked hard and turned back, directly toward them.
Shards! Gray spat, instantly realizing that their position had been compromised. He grabbed Abes by the shoulder and pulled him toward the door to the stairwell.
The two men stopped as the Stalker swept low over their location. The creature uttered a sinister growl that echoed with the faint hint of indecipherable words and the stairwell entrance was suddenly engulfed in arcane fire, blocking the soldiers only escape.
The Stalker twisted in the air and dropped heavily onto the roof of the next building, digging in with his claws to stop his momentum. He hopped forward, settling on the edge of the structure, which cracked and groaned beneath his weight. He fanned his huge wings several times, kicking up a cloud of gray dust and glared down at the humans spread out below.
An interesting hunt, he hissed as he looked down at the corpse of the other Stalker lying in the street.
He uttered a dismissive snort.
Skarvexhets arrogance seems to have cost him, he said, cocking his head. Most a pity.
His chuckle trailed off into a raspy, metallic wheeze. The runes on his deadly blade flared and sizzled menacingly as he slowly drew the weapon.
You may expect no such lapse from Akarahk.
Lanis snapped down her EVIs and focused on the Stalker. It took a few seconds for the goggles to adjust to the dragon's powerful magical aura but Lanis knew what she was going to see. Slowly, the Stalker's staggering ward matrix came into focus, confirming what Lanis's Vimsense had already told her.
Tapping the powerful ambient Vim of the ley line, the Stalker had bolstered his defensive matrix several-fold. The barriers were stunningly complex and radiated nearly thirty-five hundred Dynards, far beyond what her Booster could achieve.
Hes reinforced his wards! she shouted. I wont be able to break them! Were pulling out, NOW!
Uh, copy that, Chief, Gray said, slowly backing up as the Stalker took a step toward him and Abes. They were trapped and fully exposed on the rooftop.
The building beneath the Stalker's clawed feet cracked ominously under its weight as it glared down at the two men with sinister intent. Suddenly, with a leap enhanced by powerful wings, the Stalker took to the air.
Gray watched the dragon arc over them and twist around with its sword raised high. Realizing what was about to happen, he pushed Abes away just as the dragon bore down and drove its magical blade through the building right between them with the full weight of its fall. The roof buckled beneath the mens feet and fell away, dropping them into the dark recesses of the collapsing structure.
The Stalker crashed down to the street with his blade buried all the way to the ground floor. It pulled the blade free and uttered a snarl of contempt at the expanding cloud of dust that enveloped the remains of the structure. Then, satisfied that it had eliminated that threat, it wheeled around and began marching confidently toward Lanis and the rest of her team.
Lanis stifled the urge to scream as she watched the dragon cut down two of her men. How could she have let this happen?
Arrogance. She'd used the neds reputed arrogance against them, and in doing so, fallen victim to her own.
But she wasn't the one paying the price.
As she glared at the ned bearing down on her, it became clear what she had to do.
Watts!
He ran up beside her. L-T?
Call the Hopper. Get everyone to the extraction point.
Chief, you cant beat that thing alone! Watts yelled, clearly dismayed.
No, she said, unholstering her EP rifle, but Ill bloody him a little.
She smiled, turned, and started running toward the approaching Stalker.
Just get everyone out of here, she shouted back as she accelerated to a sprint. Im counting on you!
Watts sighed. Frag me. Yes, maam.
He turned to Denio, who was propping up the wounded Demas.
You heard her! Move out!
Lanis sprinted toward the ned and brought the Banshee to her shoulder, channeling Vim into the weapons booster core and taking aim.
Think you can take just one of us?! she yelled, firing a long burst.
The ethergenic bolts splashed across the Stalkers barriers, gnawing at the powerful wards with rippling distortions and the sound of cracking glass. The dragon hesitated slightly under the assault but recovered quickly. Focusing his attention on the new threat, he increased speed into a charge.
Your Chirii-rending weapon will not save you, battlemage! The dragon roared, raising his sword to strike. Prepare yourself for oblivion!
***
Gray coughed several times and gently shook his head, shaking loose a cloud of dust. He slowly looked around, trying to get his bearings. The air was heavily laden with chalky dust and hazy shafts of light pierced through the darkness at odd angles through gaps in what remained of the shattered structure. A couple of mets away a large slab of reinforced concrete had been cleanly sheared through, its glassy smooth surface and smoldering iron reinforcement rods evincing the awesome power of the netherdragons runic blade.
Gray activated a light rod and set it next to him. The pale green light of the tiny magical lamp only reached a few mets but it granted him a better look at his immediate situation. His back was pressed against something hard forcing him to sit in a curled up position nestled between piles of concrete, wood, broken furniture and all manner of other unidentifiable debris. Everything was covered in a thick layer of fine dust.
His whole body ached but, all things considered, he'd been amazingly lucky. His upper body and arms were free but his legs were covered from the knees down. It was a miracle that he'd managed to come through without being completely buried in the collapse.
He wiggled around a bit, expecting a sharp pain to erupt from somewhere. To his surprise, he seemed intact. He tried to pull his legs out of the debris. After a bit of work, he managed to free his right leg but the left was stuck. There was no pain but he could feel the pressure on the shin greave holding it fast. It appeared that a large metal beam had lodged over it. At least the leg didnt seem to be broken. He relaxed and leaned back, lightly patting the breastplate of his armor and letting out a sigh of relief. Whichever magitech had burned the protection schemata into his REBAr, Gray definitely owed him a drink.
He placed his right foot against the beam that held his leg and gave it a push, gradually increasing the pressure. It didnt budge. He shifted his back against the slab to get more leverage and started again.
A shuffling of debris to his left caught his attention. He glanced around quickly for his rifle but it was nowhere to be seen. He dug out his combat knife and lifted the light rod, peering into the darkness.
Sarge, you there? It was Abes.
Gray relaxed and lay back, choking out a quick affirmative.
A few seconds later, Abes came crawling carefully over a pile of rubble. He scanned the piles of debris until he spotted the light, then carefully crawled over the unstable rubble, making his way to Gray's location.
As Gray waited, he looked around. The dust was starting to clear and he could finally make out the true extent of the damage to the structure. It was a miracle he and Abes had survived. All three floors of the building above them had been cleaved through by the dragons sword, collapsing the entire center of the structure. Ironically, the blade had cut so cleanly that the floors had simply folded down in layers, dumping their contents down to the bottom floor but leaving the outer shell of the building largely intact.
Abes crawled up next to Gray. He looked like a ghost, covered head to toe with dust, which made the bright red blood running down his head more stark by comparison.
"You alright?" Gray asked.
Abes gently fingered the side of his head and looked at the blood on his fingers.
"Yeah, I'll live," he smiled. "Mom always said I was hard-headed."
He looked over Gray's situation.
Can you move, Sarge?
Legs stuck, Gray said.
Abes took a quick look. Aw shards. Broken?
Dont think so.
Abes nodded. Good. Let me see if I can find a lever or something.
A monstrous roar from outside rattled the structure, drawing both mens attention to the large hole in the front wall. Gray snatched the light rod and deactivated it, lest its magic draw the Stalker's attention. From their position, they couldnt see the dragon outside but it sounded like he was still pretty close, probably engaging the rest of their teammates.
Abes patted Gray on the shoulder.
Ill check it out, he said. I'll be right back. Dont go anywhere.
"Right," Gray muttered.
Abes scrambled over the piles of debris, moving closer to the opening. A few moments later, he peeked back over a nearby debris pile.
Hey Sarge, looks like its moving off, he said. I think I heard Banshee fire.
Gray had little doubt what that meant.
Dammit Lanis he growled as he strained against the slab, trying again to free his leg.
The EComm crackled.
Sarge, it's Watts. You still alive? His voice was barely audible through the heavy distortion.
Gray stopped pushing and keyed his own EComm. Yeah, he coughed, Sovereigns know how. Situation?
Spectres inbound. The Chief ordered an evac. Shes running interference.
Alone? Gray didnt really have to ask.
Affirmative--her orders, Watts replied. Should we go after her?
Gray pushed against the beam again but gave up quickly.
Frag it! he spat as he snagged up a nearby chunk of rock and threw it off into the darkness.
He relaxed to catch his breath. Lanis was about as stubborn as this damn girder; always trying to take on the whole fraggin Imperium by herself.
Still, there was no denying that she was probably the only one who could keep that ned busy long enough for the hopper to land. She made him so mad and so damn proud at the same time. And, frankly, she was right. Getting the team out was the first priority. He keyed his EComm again.
Negative. Get the wounded to the hopper.
He set himself against the slab behind and pushed the beam with all his strength. It slowly begin to shift.
The Chief can handle herself.
***
Lanis laid another high-powered burst into the Stalker as it wheeled around to pursue her. The Banshees fire fizzled as the stone cartridge gave out. Lanis sprinted across the street to take cover behind the rusted shell of a civilian vehicle. Hunkering down, she ejected the burnt out cartridge and quickly slapped in another, noting that she had only one more left, not counting the two in her booster.
She stood up to fire another volley at the Stalker just in time to see the dragon rear back and throw its massive sword in her direction. The glowing, red-hued runes of the blade left visible trails as the weapon arced toward her.
Lanis aborted her shot and spun away, crouching down and channeling a barrier techniq just as the sword ripped a nearly twenty met long rut in the street. With incredible force, the blade tore the vehicle asunder, narrowly missing her and showering her barrier with shreds of twisted metal and fragments of concrete.
Instantly following the attack, Lanis felt the sensation of the dragon channeling. She rolled to her feet and turned around, forcing as much Vim as she dared into the EP rifle's booster core.
Oh, no you dont! she yelled as she opened fire.
The amplified burst sprayed across the dragons shoulder and face, forcing him to turn away from the burning bolts of ethergenic plasma and abort his weaving. He roared in frustration as he turned back to face her.
Lanis staggered under the backlash of the sudden, unexpected 'stone burnout and the bout of dizziness that followed. Determined to stop the ned's magical attack, shed overdone it on that shot and wasted a 'stone. She couldnt fight this thing in the open any longer. Regaining her composure, she retreated toward the front door of a nearby building, hoping to buy some time.
She activated the strength schema of her armor and, without breaking stride, lowered her shoulder and smashed sidelong through the door. The impact ripped the heavy wooden door from its hinges and both Lanis and the door crashed to the floor of the foyer, kicking up a cloud of dust. Glancing over her shoulder she saw the wreck of a vehicle tumble past the doorway. She could feel as much as hear the pounding of the dragon's heavy footfalls as it charged up the street in pursuit.
Scrambling to her feet, Lanis grabbed her remaining null grenade and primed it as she ran down the hall toward the interior of the building. As she turned a corner, she flung the grenade behind her toward the open door. The room went dark as the Stalker leaned down and pressed his head to the door, blocking the sunlight as he attempted to peer into the hall.
Come out, little mouse, his voice boomed through the hallways.
Lanis ran into another room, trying to gain some cover as the grenade went off. The explosive's discordant wail was drowned out by the pained roar of the Stalker.
Lanis paused to catch her breath and smiled at the thought of the ned taking a zapper to the face. Her attacks were slowly wearing his wards down but it wouldnt matter. She didnt have the firepower to kill the thing, even if she could break its defenses. She only hoped that shed bought enough time for her team, or what was left of it, to call the hopper and escape.
She tried her best not to think about the horrible image of Gray and Abes disappearing into that cloud of dust as the building collapsed beneath them but it kept coming back. Gray had voiced his misgivings about this mission and shed dismissed him. Now shed probably never get to tell him that hed been right. Hed been right about a lot of things.
She loaded her last remaining stone cartridge into the rifle and moved deeper into the building. Maybe she could find a back door. What she would do after that, she didnt have a clue.
***
The hoppers reactors thrummed rhythmically as it slowly turned and descended between the buildings to street level. The pilot made final adjustments to the crafts orientation, guided by hand signals given by Lewis on the ground below.
As soon as the hopper touched down, the rear hatch dropped open and the team began filing into the vehicle, those carrying wounded heading in first and gently laying them out on the floor under Heiko's supervision.
As soon as the wounded were aboard, Gray quickly made his way forward, leaving the team to get themselves situated in the cargo area.
Any word from the Chief? he asked the instant he entered the cockpit.
Negative, Sergeant, the pilot said, shaking his head as he made several adjustments to the cockpit displays. Ley line squall. EDAR and comms are totally scrambled.
Gray placed his hand on the back of the pilot seat and leaned forward, peering out the canopy window. The sky was clear and the winds calm. It was hard to imagine that a powerful magical storm raged all around them, beyond normal human senses.
Shards, Gray muttered, wracking his brain for anything that might help them find the lieutenant.
Might be nothing, Sergeant, the pilot said, looking back over his shoulder. But we had a warning blip on the NAVHAZ display right before the surge hit.
He pointed at a display on the console. Looks like it picked up a small null zone at one-point-one klicks, bearing one-one-five. It was real quick. Almost didn't catch it."
"A zapper?"
The pilot shrugged. "I dunno. Maybe."
Gray looked at the display and tried to suppress the urge to hope too much. He glanced back into the cargo area. The team was fully embarked and Watts was just activating the aft hatch control.
Gray turned back to the pilot.
Its all we have. Get us over there.
You got it, Sergeant, the pilot replied, turning his attention back to the controls and prepping for takeoff. He glanced at the co-pilot. Watch those cross currents. Feels like engine output is all over the place. 
Got it, the copilot said as he adjusted his displays. 
And keep an eye out for big, flying, scaly things, the pilot added.
You dont have to tell me, the copilot muttered.
Gray ignored them as he stared out the canopy. He was both furious and worried at the same time.
Why did Lanis have to go running off alone again? Of course, he knew the answer. Shed gotten them into this mess and she was doing what she thought she must to get them out of it, as usual.
 That was what he admired about her. For all her issues, she truly was dedicated to her team. It might not seem that way to others, but they were idiots. Gray had been serving under Sheryl Lanis for almost five cycles and he knew her better than just about anyone. He might not always agree with her methods, but damned if he didn't respect her, as did everyone in Shiv Nine.
Because of that, even if it meant putting them all back in danger, he was not going to leave without trying to find her.
He only hoped that they werent too late.


TWENTY TWO

7 Luun, 1396
Talanford Ruins, Residential Ward
Northern Calandra

Lanis slowly and carefully stepped through a dimly lit maze of racks and displays, looking and listening in all directions for any signs of the ned. It was deathly silent, save for the occasional groaning and creaking of the old, damaged structure. The building appeared to have been a clothing store, judging by the dusty racks of garments arrayed about the main floor. Even beneath decades of dust, the colorful hues of TLanthan livery were evident. It was a snapshot of a happier time, when the people, recently freed from the suffering of the Throne War, had begun to invest in the crafts of peace. Then came the Imperium.
Lanis made her way to the back of the shop, looking for a way out that didnt involve the front door. Little light made it this far into the interior and the power had long since been shut down. Her EVIs would have been convenient right now but shed lost them somewhere outside, probably when that ned tried to use her as a Piinja target. She was tempted to channel a light techniq but thought the better of it. To do so would be like setting off a flare announcing her location to the Stalker.
She finally found an exit behind the counter that appeared promising. It took a few tries to force open the swollen door but it finally gave way to reveal a hallway with a few doors to either side, apparently an office and restrooms. Over a set of large double doors at the end hung a dirty sign that read: WAREHOUSE.
Perfect. Where there was a warehouse there would be dock doors. That meant a way out. Lanis shuffled quickly down the hall, keeping a wary eye on her surroundings.
Something didnt feel right.
She felt a vague sensation, similar to the residual harmonic of a powerful spellshock. The feeling was very subtle. She likely would have missed it altogether had she not been so attentive to her Vimsense. The sensation was unlike any kind of techniq or weave shed felt before, yet it bore a strange familiarity.
Youre in a ley line, Sheryl, she reminded herself. Dont get all freaked out now.
Still, she couldnt deny having a slight feeling of apprehension as she approached the doors. The handles were chained and padlocked, a simple precautionary measure against would-be thieves but only a minor nuisance for a battlemancer, even one who was constrained from using her magic.
Lanis pulled out her combat knife and wedged it into a link in the chain. It wasnt a rune-enhanced blade like the one she used to have. That one had been lost in Montrey, stuck in the back of that damn Stalker and left behind when the Coalition forces retreated. She still hadnt found a suitable replacement. But the standard issue K2 she carried now wasnt a bad blade, hardened and magically sharpened by Coalition magitechs in the arcane factories of Saint Redding. It would suffice. With a twist and and a swift pull, she broke the link and the lock fell free. Lanis sheathed the knife as she removed the severed chain from the doors.
She started to push the door open but stopped as the odd sensation hit her again. She drew her EP rifle and spun around, half expecting something to be behind her. The hall was empty.
Berating herself for being so jumpy, she turned around and leaned on the right door with her shoulder, nudging it open a few inches. A small waft of air escaped, choking her with a near overwhelming stench of decay.
Ugh, what died in here? she muttered with a wince, now having second thoughts about entering the noxious miasma.
She glanced behind her. It was either this way or back the way she came. Not relishing another encounter with the ned, she covered her mouth and stepped through the door. With any luck shed find a way out quickly.
What she found instead, stopped her in her tracks.
Shards, she whispered, dropping her hand away from her mouth in awe.
Sprawled in front of her, silhouetted in the feeble rays of light angling in through rows of dirty windows, lay the massive body of what could only be a stone dragon.
It took up the majority of the room and, at first, appeared to be sleeping. But if the stench of death that permeated the room was any indication, this poor fellow wouldnt be waking up.
Lanis cautiously approached the beast's massive head. Shed seen many dead netherdragons, several killed by her own hand, but shed never seen a stone dragon, alive or otherwise. She was astonished by its sheer size.
With its chin on the floor, its head alone was twice her height. Its thick, muscular neck curled around to a body that was at least six mets high. By her estimate, the whole creature had to be at least thirty mets long from head to tail. The entire dragon was covered in stone-like scales making it look as though someone had simply dumped several tons of rock into the center of the room.
It was laying on its stomach and even in its decaying state it was obvious that it had suffered a number of wounds. Closer inspection revealed intricate carvings in the scales. The complex swirls and jagged marks covered the beast nearly from head to tail and, although Lanis couldn't decipher the rune-like symbols, she clearly sensed a residual hint of power within them.
On the floor nearby lay an enormous bladed polearm. The ten met shaft and ornate head were laced with jagged markings similar to those on the dragon.
Lanis had heard stories about stone dragons, one of the three native species of Wyrms that lived on Elandis. The enigmatic creatures were rumored to be seen, on occasion, fighting the Imperium, but not since ancient times were they reported to exist in any great numbers.
Could this have been what the neds were looking for? If so, they were too late. This fella looked to have been dead for days. Lanis certainly had no love for dragons, of any kind, but standing in the presence of this one made her feel sad somehow. Maybe she was just tired and the smell was getting to her.
In any case, his problems were over and she had problems of her own to deal with. However this big guy got in here was likely how she would get out. She started to walk around the body, scanning the area for an exit.
A quiet whimper caught her attention. It almost sounded like it came from the dragon. Lanis braced her EP rifle in a firing stance and slowly inched toward the sound.
Stepping around the side of the immense corpse, she noticed that its forelegs seemed to be curled around something but in the dim light it was difficult to see what it was. A slight movement made Lanis freeze. Then she noticed a booted foot peeking out from behind the dragons massive foreclaw. A human foot. It moved slightly.
Lanis approached rapidly with her EP rifle at the ready. Side-stepping around the dragons foreleg, she found a young girl curled in a fetal position on the floor.
Lanis knelt down next to her. She was maybe eighteen to twenty cycles old by appearance, with short, reddish hair and delicate features. Her clothing, soiled and worn, bore a mixed style reminiscent of Calandran, with its high collar and militaristic trim lines, and Medinaran, with billowing sleeves and various decorative metal ornaments. Superficially, at least, she didn't appear to be injured.
Lanis reached down and gave the girl a gentle nudge on the arm.
Hey, wake up.
There was no response. Lanis sighed as she calculated her next move.
Under normal circumstances, she would have simply called for a medivac portal back to the Adamant where more skilled medics could take charge. But at this distance and so deep within the ley line, that was not an option. Her only choice was to carry the girl out of here and hope that the hopper could find them, assuming that her squad was even still in the area and looking for her.
She briefly considered just leaving the girl there for the time being, thinking that maybe she could return for her later when the situation improved. She quickly dismissed the idea, the odds of coming back here were slim, at best.
However, if she was going to haul the girl out of here, she would need to be sure that there werent internal injuries that might be aggravated by such a move. Heiko would have been really handy about now.
Well, Lanis might not be a medimancer, but she did know a few medical techniqs, including a basic delving form. It was a simple techniq, and not particularly powerful, but it would take a bit of time to use it; possibly long enough for the ned to sense it. If he did, then there was little point in Lanis trying to hide.
Taking a breath, she formed the delving techniq. Starting at the girls head, Lanis ran her hand slowly down her body, focusing her mind on the harmonics of the girls aura, looking for the tell-tale distortions that would indicate hidden wounds.
That odd sensation that Lanis encountered in the hallway returned. Oddly, she found the techniq more difficult than she expected. At first, she thought it might be the harmonics of the ley line. That really didnt make any sense. If anything, the powerful ambient energy should have made the channeling easier.
The sensation felt more akin to resistance, similar to pressing into defensive wards. The delving techniq was generally not an invasive techniq unless the user focused on deep scans. But, for some reason, it felt, for a moment, as if something was pressing back against the techniq, trying to prevent Lanis from seeing anything.
Without warning, the resistance gave way and Lanis was able to finish scanning the girl's aura unimpeded. She couldnt explain it, but she felt a strong sense of being watched.
She quickly completed the scan, anxious to escape the uncomfortable sensation and aware that every second she channeled, the ned had a chance to sniff out her position. She detected no injuries, no indication at all why the girl was unconscious either. Shed let the medics back aboard ship deal with that.
Lanis glanced over her shoulder at the dragon. Its cold gray eyes almost seemed to stare at her.
Rest in peace, buddy, she said, not really sure why. Ill take it from here.
With that, she reached down and gently hoisted the girl onto her back. She wasnt very heavy but Laniss strength was wearing out and the stifling heat of the warehouse wasnt helping. She would need to take another calculated risk.
Looking up, she noted that there appeared to be several floors to this building. The roof was their best bet for being rescued. It all came down to who found them first, her team or the ned. Lanis activated the strength enhancement schema of her armor, wincing at the noisy sensation of ambient Vim burning away to power the runes. The clock was ticking. She settled the girls weight over her shoulders as evenly as she could and set off toward the stairwell at the rear of the warehouse.
Spectre! Do you copy?! she coughed into the EComm as she ran up the stairs, shards of broken glass and bits of debris crunching beneath her boots with each pounding step.
The air was thick with heat and dust and despite the strength-enhancing schema of her armor, which somewhat diminished the strain of the ascent, she was nearing the edge of exhaustion.
The EComm teased her with crackles of static but there was no response. It was a slim hope anyway. Laniss Vimsense told her that the ley line was squallinga magical surge that disrupted etheric sensors and communications. There was still a chance that her team was out there and that they would find her. That hope fueled her resolve and, ignoring protesting muscles, she pressed on toward the roof.
She finally reached the exit at the top of the stairs, which was barred by a single metal door. A swift kick, using her magically enhanced strength, nearly sent the door flying from the hinges and a welcome blast of hot but fresh air greeted her as her eyes adjusted to the bright sun. She glanced about, seeing no sign of the ned. She readjusted the girls weight across her shoulders and headed cautiously out into the open.
Spectre, this is Lanis. Do you read? she tried again, looking around for any sign of the hopper.
Heat rippled off of the sun-bleached ruins which surrounded the warehouse for kilomets in all directions. The physical world was still and silent, a stark contrast to the raging storm of the surrounding ley line that buffeted her Vimsense.
Come on, she growled. Spect
An explosive shattering of brick and glass shook the building beneath her feet. She spun around and stared in horror at the Stalker clawing his way over the edge of the rooftop. He towered above her, tearing away at the crumbling structure with his foreclaws as he dug for purchase. He cocked his head to the side, focusing his good eye on her and growled menacingly.
A worthy hunt, little human he hissed, a tiny rivulet of blackened spittle oozing from his mouth, but, alas, it is over.
He lunged forward and clawed at the rooftop, tearing up broken tiles as he slid back slightly. The buildings weakened structure groaned as it gave way a bit more beneath his weight. Lanis backed up a few steps as the roof tilted dangerously toward the monster.
A pity, really, he continued in a mocking tone. You nearly escaped but your runes sing too loudly.
Lanis muttered a curse under her breath. It must have been her delving techniq. Somehow, despite the powerful harmonics of the ley line, the ned must have sensed the spellshock and homed right in on her. Her attempt to save this girl may have condemned them both to death.
Lanis leveled her Banshee defiantly at the Stalker, knowing that it was a futile gesture. She might get off a burst, maybe two, but it would do little more than annoy the creature, despite his wounded state. Alone, and trapped, she had no chance.
 Lanis glanced over at the face of the girl who lay across her shoulders, peacefully oblivious to their dire situation. She wondered who the girl was; how shed come to be here; why she was with that stone dragon.
It didnt really matter now, did it?
The Stalker slowly moved forward, his cybernetic implants whining with the strain of pulling his massive body up onto the rooftop. He choked out a gargling wheeze that might have been a chuckle.
Lanis took a step back.
Be glad youre unconscious, girl.
***
A loud, staccato roar echoed across the rooftops. Lanis looked up to see the form of an armored, red, drake barreling toward the ned at high speed. Pressed tightly against the drakes back crouched a human rider in leather armor clutching a long sword in his right hand. 
The ned turned to face the sound just in time to catch a faceful of fire from the drake as it strafed overhead. The ned roared in anger and lost its grip, slipping slightly back down the side of the building. Lanis was forced to retreat several more steps as the scrambling dragon pulled more of the roof down around it.
The drake circled wide and came to a landing on the edge of a nearby building. The rider sat up, resting his blade across his shoulder in a cavalier fashion.
The ned lunged upward, using its wings to assist, and landed on the roof of the warehouse, its attention alternating between Lanis and the knight, apparently unsure of which was the greater threat.
***
It seemed that Ryan had arrived just in time. He glanced down at the pair of women trapped on the roof. The older one appeared to be a Coalition combat channeler, judging by her armor and enchantech weapon. And where there was one soldier, there were bound to be more. The Stalker's earlier comment about 'companions' suddenly made a bit more sense.
Far more odd was the apparently unconscious girl that the woman was carrying. She didn't appear to be a soldier, but what would a civilian be doing in these ruins after all these cycles?
An uncomfortable thought suddenly occurred to Ryan. Keeping one eye on the Stalker, he reached into the saddlebag and grabbed the Auraeometer. He discreetly glanced at the device, keeping it behind him. Its perimeter runes glowed an intense, silvery-blue and the central crystal vibrated so intensely that Ryan could feel the melodic sound echoing through his bones. The tiny arrow pointed directly at the two women on the roof.
The girl, Gantros said, even as Ryan entertained the exact same thought.
Ryan found himself unexpectedly struck with wonderment. For a moment he couldnt take his eyes from the girl. 
She didnt look particularly unusual; slender, with short reddish hair and a gentle face. Draped across the shoulders of the CAF woman, she certainly didn't seem at all the demigod that Ryan had nearly come to expect.
In fact, in the shadow of that Stalker, she looked awfully vulnerable.
***
Akarahk wheeled around as his senses suddenly alerted him to a new magical source. Oddly enough, it seemed to be emanating from the dragonknight and it was a powerful and most unusual song. Its harmony blended with that of the Chi'rii Flow almost perfectly, and, were it not so intense, he might not have heard it at all. What could it be?
It was an intriguing puzzle. Whatever the source was, once he finished dealing with the annoying human and his pet drake, he would tear it from his warm, shuddering corpse and claim if for himself.
***
Be alert! Gantros warned.
Ryan quickly shoved the Auraeometer back into the pack and focused on the Stalker. Seemed that he had gotten its attention. Now, he just needed to keep it.
Hey Ugly, remember me? he shouted. Next time you kill me, make sure Im actually dead.
The stalker choked out a gurgling, wheezing laugh. As he drew his runic blade from its scabbard, the laugh faded, replace by a malicous glare. 
As you wish.
With a roar, the drake leapt from the rooftop and powered into a charge, exhaling a gout of fire as he plunged toward the Stalker. The dragon held his ground and drake, rider and Stalker collided with enough force to shake the building.
The impact drove the ned backward a few steps but he did not falter. The roof, however, already weakened, could not take the strain. It gave way beneath the neds feet, dropping him hip-deep into the structure. He toppled backward, using the momentum of the fall to throw the drake and rider over the edge.
Lanis holstered her EP rifle and retreated to the farthest edge of the roof as plumes of dust erupted from between the tiles around her feet. Large cracks slithered across the roof and the building rumbled ominously as the the structure began to come apart.
The drake plummeted toward the street, recovering just in time to push off the ground and become airborne again as the ned leaned over and exhaled its freezing breath. The drake and rider narrowly avoided the blast as they banked hard just above street level and angled up into a wide circle around the ned, looking for an opening.
The Stalker clambered at the edge of the hole, trying to gain purchase on the slippery roof tiles. His foot broke through the floor below, dropping him near to his armpits before he managed to extricate himself. Each time he gained some ground, the roof gave way some more, dropping him back into the ever-widening breach.
***
Gray nearly climbed over the co-pilots seat as he spotted the ned atop the roof in the distance.
There! There! he shouted, pointing furiously at the battle raging about a kilomet away to the North.
Got it, the pilot said as he brought the craft around. 
Sweet Eorelli, he whispered as he got a good look at the chaotic scene unfolding below. 
He glanced at the co-pilot. Better spin up the twenty.
***
Ryan saw his chance as the ned slid deeper into the building. The monster was having a hard time getting free of the rubble and was temporarily stuck with little manuevering room.
Ryan sheathed his sword and reached down to unclasp the saddle harnesses from his belt.
Is this wise? Gantros asked, sensing Ryans intent.
Probably not. Ryan said as he stood up in the stirrups.
Then I suppose it will probably work, Gantros said as he circled around to line up for a run.
Ryan wasnt sure if the drake was being sarcastic or not but he laughed anyway as they increased speed on a course straight for the neds back. 
As they got closer, Ryan clamped his knees hard into the sides of the saddle and pulled his feet from the stirrups. He held onto the front of the saddle with all the strength he had and unleashed a howl that was half battle cry, half fear as the ned, building and ground approached at a dizzying speed. 
An instant before drake and dragon collided, Ryan pushed off, spread his arms wide, and slammed hard into the Stalker's neck just above the shoulder. The impact knocked the wind out of him but he managed to hang on. He grabbed frantically for any kind of handhold, finally snagging a mass of cables that partially protruded from the creatures neck.
The Stalker didnt give Ryan long to revel in the success of his insane maneuver. He thrashed around wildly, like a wild steed trying to throw off an unwelcome rider. Despite the weight of the drake clawing into his back, the raging ned flailed back and forth, slamming against the interior of the building, heedless of the increasing damage he was causing to the structure.
Lanis leaped up and teetered on the edge of the wall as the last remaining roof tiles collapsed into the darkness behind her. She looked around, desperately searching for a way to escape. She spotted a warped and rusty fire escape several mets down and to her left. It was a long jump and a small target.
 She glanced back at the battle raging behind her. The man was clinging deperately to the Stalkers neck by a clump of cables as he attempted to slash at the beast with his sword while his drake attempted keep the dragon pinned down.
The damned, crazy fool, she thought.
Another powerful shock rumbled through the structure. Shattered glass and broken transoms exploded from the windows below her as their frames were twisted and crushed. Lanis balanced precariously as the wall to both sides began to crumble and collapse. There was no more time. She rebalanced the girl on her shoulders, locked her eyes on the fire escape, and jumped.
She landed hard, stumbling forward to her knees but somehow managed to keep herself and the girl from tumbling over the edge. She stood up and backed away as the section of wall where shed just jumped from slowly toppled over, falling and shattering to pieces on the street some twenty to thirty mets below. Another shock sent her falling back into the railing. Cracks ran down the wall in front of her and the grating beneath her feet groaned as it began to twist.
***
Ryan managed to pull his feet underneath him and gain a bit of leverage just as the last bit of the roof level collapsed away beneath the neds feet, dumping dragon, man, and drake unceremoniously down to the debris covered floor below. The impact shifted the weight on the structure and already that floor too began to buckle.
The fall broke Gantros grip on the ned and he slid backward toward the edge of the building. He pushed off with his rear legs and flapped his wings rapidly in an attempt to keep from falling off completely.
Broken loose by the Stalker's thrashing, a large part of freestanding wall toppled onto Gantros' back, dragging him over the precipice with it. He crashed hard onto the street as the tumble of brick cascaded down over of him. A large chunk crashed onto his right wing, pinning it to the ground.
He tugged furiously at the wing but the stone was too heavy. He looked helplessly up at the building above.
Ryan now faced the ned alone.
***
Ryan felt the shock of Gantros fall and sensed the drakes struggling but did his best to ignore it and focus on his own situation. He couldn't help Gantros but he still had a chance to deal the ned a critical blow.
He drew his sword and activated the shield of his peltat. Climbing to his knees, he raised the blade and drove it deep between the segments of the neds mechanically augmented neck. Sparks of molten metal and rivulets of foul black ichor issued from the wound as Ryan twisted the blade back and forth, hoping to sever some critical artery within.
The Stalker roared in pain and began to thrash more wildly. Ryan was sprayed with blood as his sword ripped free and he began to slide backward. He tried to grab on but his hands were slick with the oily, black fluid and he couldnt get a solid grip. As he rolled back over the Stalker's shoulder, he barely managed to snag the edge of the armor behind the dragons neck with his free hand.
Ryan struggled to pull himself up. Finally, he hooked his left arm over the armor plate and just hung there for a moment, trying to catch his breath. Suddenly, the dragon threw its head back, pinning Ryans arm. The peltats shield strained against the pressure for several seconds but was finally overwhelmed. Ryan howled in pain as the shield flickered out and his forearm was crushed between the beast's neck and the edge of the plate.
After several torturous seconds, it loosened enough for him to pull his arm free. Delirious from the pain, he let go and tumbled onto the rubble-strewn floor below.
***
Gray watched the battle from the LAV's cockpit as the aircraft slowly circled the building. He twisted his lip in frustration as he saw the ned crash through the roof. The whole fragging building was coming down and clouds of dust filled the streets for blocks in all directions. It was difficult to see anything, but there was no doubt that was the same Stalker the team had engaged earlier.
But who was fighting it now; and where was Lanis? It was difficult to imagine that with all that chaos going on down there, she wouldnt be somewhere in the thick of it.
Gray had summoned Abes up to the cockpit, hoping that the eagle-eyed sniper might have a better chance of spotting something. So far, they hadn't had any luck. Gray was beginning to lose hope.
Wait a second, Abes muttered as he squeezed his way to the other side of the cockpit and leaned toward the glass. Suddenly he grabbed Grays arm and started pointing wildly toward the building.
Look! he shouted. Two-o-clock, low!
Gray leaned over and pulled down his EVIs, switching to magnification mode. He couldnt fraggin believe it. Through a temporary opening in the clouds of dust, he could just make out the lieutenant clinging for dear life onto the remains of a dilapidated fire escape.
You crazy he muttered, shaking his head and lifting the goggles.
He tapped the pilots seat and pointed to the side of the building. Can you get down there?
The pilot sized up the situation and his expression tightened. 
Gonna find out, he said, adjusting the controls to bring the craft around. Hang on.
Gray slapped Abes on the shoulder. 
Good eyes, soldier. Get to the aft hatch.
Abes smiled wide. 
Yes Sergeant! he nodded and ran off to the cargo area.
***
Lanis grabbed the rail as the wall behind the fire escape crumbled and fell away, leaving the metal structure standing partially free. The stairs creaked as they swayed and began to buckle.
She watched as the drake rider fell from the ned and lay on the ground. The Stalker stumbled a few steps, hacking up profuse amounts of blood. That guy must have gotten in a good blow with that blade of his. Lanis had to admit that she was impressed. Too bad it was starting to look like he wouldnt be able to finish the job. She wished she could help but she was stuck out here, unable to do anything. It was only a matter of time until the ned spotted her. 
She glanced down, wondering if she could channel a barrier strong enough to survive the fall if she jumped. She quickly realized the stupidity of that idea. The barrier might stop her and the girl from splattering on the pavement but it wouldnt do a fragging thing to absorb the actual shock of the impact. Shed just die from a severe concussion or internal injuries.
No, this was it. Shed pressed her luck countless times over the cycles. It was bound to run out eventually. She just hoped that her squad had managed to call the hopper and get back to the ship.
The EComm crackled slightly. Lanis put her hand to the earpiece and tried to focus over the noise. A few muffled words cut through the static but she couldnt make them out. Just another trick of the etheric distortion.
Suddenly, through the fog of the ley line squall, Lanis sensed a familiar whining sensation. No natural etheric distortion sounded like that. It was a siphon reactor. Her heart soared as she looked up to see Spectre burst through the clouds of dust. The LAV circled once as it dropped altitude, then settled into an unsteady hover overhead.
The pilot struggled to keep the craft level in the strong etheric currents as he tried to inch closer to the fragile-looking tower of twisted metal. In the cargo area, Watts, with a line around his waist, stepped out onto the open rear ramp, clutching one of the hydraulic cylinders for balance as he leaned out as far as he could.
Looks like shes got wounded! he yelled back at Lewis and Denio, who were waiting inside the hatch. The men nodded and passed the word back to the others.
Lanis leaned against the railing and hooked her foot around one of the supports for leverage as she hoisted the girl up so Watts could grab her. As the hopper drifted in close, he managed to get a fistful of the girl's shirt. He started to pull but had to let go as the craft suddenly lurched and drifted away. Lanis fell backward, catching the girl in her lap. She got up and tried again, glancing warily back at the ned.
Akarahk wretched out another clot of blood and began to weave a healing spell when he suddenly noticed the grating song of the humans' strange magical reactors. He spun around to see the flying machine descending throught the clouds of dust and choked out a sinister chuckle as he spotted the female battlemage trapped in her little cage below it.
Following its distinctive call, he located his runic blade and pulled it out of the debris. The runes flashed with anticipation. He lurched free of the debris of the roof and staggered toward the vulnerable chain of humans dangling below the flying machine.
Lanis felt a wave of anxiety as she looked back to see the Stalker approaching. The hopper maneuvered back into position and Watts leaned down, stretching as far as his arm would go but it wasnt enough.
The bolts of the fire escape were old and corroded. One by one, they began to snap. Lanis staggered and nearly fell as the structure lurched to the side and one of the railings snapped loose. She glanced up at Watts and could see the worry and frustration on his face. They were running out of time.
Catch her! she yelled. 
Watts didnt seem to register what she was suggesting.
"Catch her!" Lanis repeated. 
Watts nodded, let go and held both arms out, his legs fighting for balance as the craft rocked about.
Lanis activated the strength schema of her armor. The magic burned through her exhausted muscles like fire. She took a step back and hoisted the girl up in front of her, waiting for the proper moment. 
As the hopper drifted closer she lunged forward and, with all the strength she could muster, flung the girl across the gap toward Watts open arms. Lanis slammed into the railing as she followed through with the throw as far as she could. She grabbed on at the last second, barely stopping herself from tumbling over the rail herself. 
It wasn't a graceful throw but it was enough. Watts wrapped his huge arms around the girl as he tumbled backward into the open hatch. Lewis and Denio grabbed him and the girl and pulled them inside as the craft drifted away again.
Lanis pulled herself up and spun around to see the ned slowly closing in. He lifted his massive sword and snarled.
Oblivion awaits, little mouse.
Suddenly, the Stalker buckled to its knees, hissing in pain and shock. As it hit the ground, it roared in pain again, clawing wildly at its back. Behind him, the drake rider leaned his weight into his weapon, which was buried to the hilt in the dragons unarmored lower back.
Remember what I said about making sure I was dead? the man growled as he twisted hard on the blade.
The Stalker reached back and grabbed for the rider but the man ducked and yanked his blade free. But before he could get away, the neds second attempt managed to snag ahold of his leg. With a single motion, the dragon pulled the man around and flung him away like a ragdoll. The rider tumbled across the piles of debris, slamming to a stop against a large support pillar. He briefly struggled to get up, then collapsed.
The Stalker snapped his attention back to Lanis. He growled as he regained his feet, a bit more slowly this time. He started toward her and was suddenly sent reeling backward as his barrier wards erupted in a shower of blue sparks and searing blobs of melted lead.
Lanis shielded her face and looked back to see the LAV wheeling around slowly, its nose cannon blazing as it showered the Stalker with 20mm armor piercing rounds. Even though the neds barriers prevented any lethal wounds, the dragon found it near-impossible to advance against the sheer weight of the onslaught.
The pilot brought the hopper in low, interposing it between Lanis and the ned, firing repeated bursts to keep the monster at bay. Metal shell casings poured down like rain as the rotary cannon devoured hundreds of rounds in seconds.
As Lanis stood in awe of the stunning display, a familiar voice called her name. She looked up and blinked in astonishment as she saw Gray kneeling on the open hatch, his outstretched hand reaching down to her. For a second, she was too stunned to move.
Youre
Alive? he said, yelling over the combined roar of the cannon and the dragon. For the moment, anyway! he added, glancing at the Stalker. You just gonna stand there or what?!
Lanis hesitated and glanced back at the drake rider laying helpless on the roof several dozen mets away. Her eyes went to the Stalker. It was beginning to overcome the initial shock of the cannon fire and was slowly gaining ground even as continued bursts ravaged its barriers. She made a decision.
She leaped up and clasped onto Grays arm with both hands. He heaved with all his strength and, with help from Lewis, hauled Lanis into the hatchway.
Get us outta here! Gray yelled over his shoulder as soon as they were both safely on the ramp. The pilot glanced back, and seeing everyone aboard, began to manuever the craft away from the roof.
Akarahk recovered from the effects of the cannon barrage and roared in fury as he saw his prey begin to fly away. He unfurled his wings to take up the pursuit.
HEY! came a sudden shout from behind him.
Akarahk pause and slowly turned around, dumbstruck by the sight of that witless dragonknight once again rising to face him.
Ryan groaned as he slowly got to his feet. He paused, then bent back down to pick up his sword. Dragging it behind him, he staggered forward, his gaze locked intently on the Stalker.
Im not done with you yet," he snarled.
***
Lanis scrambled to her feet and grasped the handrail to steady herself as the LAV banked sharply and began to accelerate.
Wait! she croaked as she pulled herself toward the storage area. 
She ripped open the ammo locker and grabbed a D2 Vimstone cartridge. 
Take us back! she yelled toward the cockpit as she slapped the cartridge into her EP rifle.
The pilot glanced back at her. Maam?
You heard me! Lanis shouted. Back to the roof NOW! Low and steady! 
She hefted the rifle to her shoulder and hit the side door control. The door dropped open and the top of the building came into view as the pilot brought the hopper around in a tight left turn.
Below, the drake rider and the Stalker were fighting again but it was fairly obvious that the rider was hurt pretty badly. Lanis prepared herself as the LAV approached to within a few mets of the rooftop.
Thats good! she yelled to the cockpit. Hold steady!
Gray caught himself in the doorway from the cargo area. 
What are you DOING?! he yelled.
Repaying a debt. Lanis said, then jumped down to the roof and set off at a run.
Shards! Gray yelled as he smacked the bulkhead in frustration and darted back into the cargo area.
***
Ryan charged at the Stalker. He didnt really have a plan of attack at this point. He was operating on pure instinct and adrenaline. The ned opened, a bit arrogantly, with a long, right-hand, overhead strike. Too obvious.
Ryan stepped inside the blow, skidding to a stop amidst the shower of shattered concrete blasted apart by the impact. With two quick slashes, his blade bit deep into the exposed inside of the dragons forearm, the first strike cleaving the thick leather straps of its vambrace and the second severing the tendons below. 
The dragon dropped its sword and bellowed in pain as it pulled its arm back. It grabbed the awkwardly dangling vambrace and tore it loose, flinging it away in fury.
Ryan tried to take the opportunity to close in but he was too slow. The ned turned back and snatched Ryan in his left claw, slowly lifting him off the ground. The dragon hacked up another blob of congealed blood, spit it out, and sneered at Ryan.
Fear not. I shall make sure you are dead this time. he hissed as he began to squeeze.
***
Gantros roared in desperate agony. His rider was dying. He pressed his head against the slab of concrete pinning his wing and pushed again. The claws of his hind legs scarred the pavement as he scrambled for any kind of leverage. The stone moved a few more inches. 
His growl of frustration turned to a roar of pain as he pulled frantically at his wing, tugging and thrashing with all of his strength. He rammed his head against the stone repeatedly, smashing and deforming the chamfron of his barding. The stone moved again.
Gantros strained with all his weight and the wing finally snapped free, tattered and bloodied but functional. He ignored the pain, and with a powerful leap, he took to the air and headed straight for the roof.
***
Ryan struck feebly at the dragons forearm but barely managed to scratch the armor. The world began to go dark as he was unable to replace the air being forced from his lungs. His sword dropped from his limp fingers.
Gantros.
A high-pitched wail ripped the air and the Stalkers grip ubruptly loosened. A second wail followed and the dragon let go completely. Ryan dropped hard to the ground, struggling to draw a breath. After several attempts, air finally filled his lungs. He gasped and lifted his head to see the ned staggering backward, clutching at a large hole in its neck. Draping from another gaping hole in its abdomen was a tangled mass of organic and mechanical entrails drenched in foul black fluid that poured unchecked from the wound. Despite the devastating injuries, the determined monstrosity struggled to remain standing.
Ryan!
Gantros burst into view over the edge of the building. He dove down and landed next to Ryan, taking up a defensive position over his wounded rider.
The Stalker gurgled out an attempt to channel a healing weave but couldnt form the words. Its legs finally gave way and it toppled to the side, still gasping and struggling as its body slowly gave in and shut down.
Ryan sat up and looked behind him to see the Coalition woman perched on an outcropping of rubble about twenty mets away with her enchantech weapon braced to her shoulder. Wisps of pale smoke diffused off the weapons barrel.
Behind her, the LAV descended, disgorging a half-dozen armored soldiers who took position behind her with rifles at the ready. To Ryan, it looked like an image from a CAF recruitment poster.
He slowly stood up and recovered his sword. Mustering his strength he ambled toward the soldiers. As he got to within ten mets or so, they leveled their weapons at him.
Be cautious. Gantros warned.
The battlemancer holstered her weapon and stepped forward. She stood confidently as she looked Ryan over.
Im Lieutenant Sheryl Lanis, 33rd Arcane, 15th Drop Infantry," she said. "Identify yourself.
Sir Ryan Gedric, Order of Balthas," Ryan answered.
She almost chuckled. What are you supposed to be, some kind of knight?
Ryan didnt see the need to answer that.
Well, SIR Ryan, that was a pretty impressive show. Your assistance is appreciated.
A female Meilaani soldier exited the LAV. Symbols on her armor marked her as a medic. She shot a concerned glance at Ryan then turned to the lieutenant.
I checked the girl out, Chief. She appears to be in a coma or something but I cant find anything visually wrong with her.
Ryan stepped forward. That girl
The two women glanced at him.
Is in military custody, Lanis said.
For what reason? Ryan asked.
Lanis regarding him with a curious expression.
Protection, she said, narrowing her eyes. Who is she?
Ryan wasnt really prepared to answer that. Shes important. Where did you find her?
Classified, Lanis said tersely. Whats your interest in all of this?
None, beyond that my Order has an interest in keeping her safe.
Lanis didnt act particularly impressed.
A noble gesture, but as far as Im concerned, that girl is a Coalition citizen and, therefore, under CAF protection. I think we can handle it.
Somehow, I doubt it. Ryan said.
Lanis eyed him cooly. Was that a threat?
A warning. You dont know what youre dealing with.
And you do, I suppose.
I might.
Lanis was growing tired of this game.
I could arrest you and have you interrogated. I hear that mind-delving can be quite uncomfortable for a conscious subject.
Gantros hunched down and uttered a low growl. The soldiers readied their weapons. Lanis raised a hand, signaling them to hold.
I advise you to call off your pet, Sir, she said.
Easy Gantros. Were in no condition to fight.
Gantros backed down but kept a wary eye on the soldiers.
Lanis took a breath and sighed. You saved my life, and the girls, Sir Ryan. Go in peace.
"But the girl stays with us. If your Order wishes to file a grievance, I suggest you take it up with ARCH.
Lanis turned to the medic and gestured in Ryans direction. See what you can do for him. We can do that much, at least.
She turned away and started to walk toward the hopper.
The medic jogged over to Ryan.
Sir, my name's Ayemi Heiko. I'm a medimancer," she said. "Do you need assistance?"
Ryan ignored her. Hesitantly, she began to inspect his more obvious wounds but he pulled away and took a step toward Lanis.
Youre making a mistake! he yelled.
Lanis stopped and glanced back.
Well see," she said, signaling her team to mount up.
The soldiers quickly boarded the hopper, keeping their weapons trained on Ryan as they backed up the ramp.
Heiko hesitated, looking from Ryan to Lanis with an uncertain expression. Lanis simply shrugged and gestured for her to board the hopper as well.
Lanis waited for Heiko to embark before finally striding up the ramp herself.
Let's go, she shouted, hitting the hatch control as she entered the aircraft.
Ryan could only stand there, watching the LAV lift off and fly away--and with it, the hopes of completing his mission.


TWENTY THREE

7 Luun, 1396
Nhaam Valley Region, Northern Calandra

Gray left the cargo bay and entered the hopper's storage area, pausing at the door long enough to take a deep breath and slowly let it out. Lanis was sitting there, staring blankly as she slowly turned a canteen over and over in her hands, just as she had been ever since theyd left Talanford.
Up to this point, Gray had been busy getting the team settled in for the ride back to the Adamant; taking stock of equipment and doing a quick status check of each member, starting with the wounded and ending with
His expression tightened as he crossed the storage area and pulled down a stowed seat beside the cockpit door. He carefully sat down, his eyes focused at the floor.
Kramer didnt make it, he said quietly, likely confirming what she already knew. Not wanting to linger on that topic, he quickly moved on.
"Heiko patched up Demas as best she could but she doesnt know about that leg, he said with a shake of his head. Maybe the docs on Adamant can save it.
He leaned back. At least we took them bastards down, even if we did get a little help.
Lanis just nodded. 
Gray looked at her and frowned. She was tucked inside emotional barriers tougher than a boosted deflection ward.
But Gray knew her well enough to know that she was blaming herself. He hated to see her grinding herself up like this. Fighting the Imperium was hard enough when you werent fighting yourself.
He glanced back toward the door to the cargo area.
Looks like the girls going to be okay, though, he said. Just unconscious, as far as Heiko can tell. She was pretty damn lucky you came along, Id say.
"By the Sovereigns, Chief, I dont know how you do it, he said, smiling and shaking his head in disbelief.
Lanis frowned.
Sovereigns... she said, mulling over the word.
She suddenly looked at him with an unnervingly serious expression. Gray, I found that girl in the arms of a dead stone dragon.
"I think it was a Guardian.
Gray was stunned.
Shards, Chief, he whispered, not really knowing what to say.
Lanis leaned back hard against the bulkhead.
I just dont get it. What the hell were they doing there?
Gray pursed his lips in thought.
Well, Ive heard guys tell stories about seeing stone dragons supposedly fighting to protect civilians. Never seen it myself though.
Lanis snorted.
Ever heard of one dying to protect just one human?
Gray shrugged and leaned back against the head-rest.
Who can understand the mind of a dragon? he said, content to leave it at that.
Lanis stared up at the ceiling, her brow furrowed in thought. 
Right, she muttered, obviously not willing to let it go.
She glanced over at him with that resolved expression that usually spelled trouble.
Theres something strange about this girl, she said, "and Im going to find out what it is.
***
Ryan gingerly pulled his leather hauberk over his head, releasing a wave of heat that reeked of stale sweat and dragon blood. He winced as much from the stench as from the pain of scores of injuries all vying for his attention now that the adrenaline that had silenced them was wearing off.
He dropped the armor in a heap alongside the rest of his gear. Gingerly, he sat down against a large tree, upwind from the fire which lit the tiny clearing in which he and Gantros had finally set camp. Hed kept the fire small, partly to minimize the chance of it being seen but mostly because even the coming of dark had done little to curb the merciless heat. 
A cool breeze gently nudged the leaves as it managed to weave its way through the dense underbrush of the thick forest. Ryan took a slow, deep breath of the fresh air while it lasted. A more open camp would have been a bit cooler but they were still too close to the Wastes for Ryans comfort. He felt somewhat safer here in the thicket, concealed from potential Imperium eyes.
He picked up a waterskin and took a few small sips, about all his cracked ribs would allow without choking him with sudden spurts of pain. The water was lukewarm and tasted of leather, but to Ryans parched lips it was practically fresh springwater.
He looked across the camp where Gantros lay curled in a bed of mossy grass, resting off his recent meal. The majority of his tack and armor had been removed and laid neatly nearby. Gantros had been in full gear for days and needed a break so Ryan had seen to that rather arduous task almost immediately after theyd landed. Hed never realized, until now, how much he appreciated the efforts of Marley and his ground crew.
Ryan watched Gantros for several minutes. He couldnt fathom how the drake had the energy to hunt after such a grueling day but he suspected that Gantros had probably used the hunt as an excuse to patrol the area for threats as much as anything.
Even now, despite appearances, Ryan knew that Gantros was not asleep and would not sleep until he was sure that Ryan had rested. The drake probably wouldn't rest until they were well away from the Wastes.
Ryan set down the waterskin and picked up a bit of the jerky from his ration pack. He considered the dried strip of leathery meat for a moment then tossed it back down. He had no appetite tonight.
Instead, he just chewed a piece of Bava root as he set about the task of mending his armor. Bava was a mild analgesic that would help him relax without numbing his senses too much. Thankfully, unlike most medical herbs, Bava didnt taste terribly bad, having a slightly sweet flavor. More potent Bava varieties were as often taken for recreation as for medical purposes, particularly amongst the rural youth of northern Meilaan, where the root was fairly common in the wild.
Working by the light of a glowstone, it took maybe an hour for Ryan to inspect and repair what damage he could to his gear. He replaced a few broken straps and rivets and patched several rents in the maile. The left spaulder was mangled so he simply cut it loose. There were a few tears in the hauberks infused outer layer that would need tending by Warrns arcane armorsmiths when he got back.
When he got back. That possibility seemed to be getting more remote by the day.
 He neatly laid out the armor next to his weapons and returned to his spot by the fire. He tucked the glowstone under the flap of his pack where he could reach it if needed, then pulled out the Auraometer and sat against the tree.
He leaned back and looked up at the handful of stars peeking down through the leaves of the dense canopy. The sounds of the forest began to build as the nocturnal denizens awoke to go about their business. Even in the midst of war, nature continued on its course, completely oblivious to the struggles of mankind, or those of one man.
Thoughts of home raced through Ryan's mind--Eamars visit; the singing of the drakes; he and master Phaedaan in the vaults; receiving his mission. Could it really have only been a few days ago?
 Resting his arms across his knees, he turned the Auraeometer slowly in his fingers, watching the dim firelight reflect off the jagged, crystaline runes.
The artifact still hummed with energy, albeit slightly less than before. The needle now pointed toward the southeast and the device pulled in that direction as if to say: What are we waiting for? Its this way! Lets go!
No, not it she. The Wyrmweaver was a young girl. Ryan knew that much now. Her youthful face and red hair haunted him. He hadnt really considered it before but, until today, hed been simply searching for a thing, the object of his mission. Hed never really thought of it as a person. Somehow, that seemed to change everything.
Shards, hed been so close! Now, to make matters worse, the girl was in the hands of the Coalition, probably being whisked away to one of their skycruisers or a military base somewhere. How could he possibly get to her now?
Everything that had happened: his nearly being arrested in Linfield only to be set free; losing the Auraeometer; the bizarre meeting with that noblewoman and the unexpected return of the artifact; the battle with the Stalker; all of it for what? 
For nothing. Hed failed.
Ryan glanced up at Gantros, suddenly sensing the drakes gaze upon him. Orange sparkles danced on the drakes large, dark eyes as he silently observed Ryan from across the camp.
He didnt have to say anything; Ryan understood. He was beating himself up even worse than that stalker did and he knew better.
It was really quite simple. Hed made an oath to Master Phaedaan that only death would prevent he and Gantros from recovering the Wyrmweaver.
So far, they were still alive, more or less, so that meant only one thing: he would have to find a way. If bringing back the Wyrmweaver meant that he had to fight his way through the Coalition army, so be it. Berating himself served no purpose.
There was, at least, one positive: the Stalkers had been prevented from finding the girl, assuming, of course, that they were looking for her; and Ryan had to believe that they were. Their deaths should mean that the Imperium would not know about their failure for some time; giving Ryan one less problem to worry about.
He held the Auraeometer up in one hand, looking deep into the sparkling gem inside.
I will find you, he said.
Feeling more resolved, Ryan carefully rewrapped the Auraeometer in his extra cloak and pushed it back into the pack. He began reorganizing the contents which had become jumbled over recent days. Grabbing a large square bundle near the bottom that had partially unraveled, he paused. It was the Oraculum copy given to him by Liane.
He pulled the bundle out, set aside the cloth wrapping and laid the book down on top of the pack. He slowly opened the cover and read the inscription inside, particularly the last line.

May faith always light your path.

He recalled the look on Lianes face when hed left Warrn and thought of what shed said on the wall the previous night. Her firm resolution had always astounded him. Her faith in the Wyrmweaver prophecy was strong. Try as he might, Ryan had never really been able to just accept it the way she did.
What about now? 
Hed actually seen a Wyrmweaver and it wasnt some fire-flinging, army-destroying god. It was just a kid. What in the hells was up with that?
Ryan was more confused than ever. He wondered what Liane would say if she were here. He marveled at people who seemed able to accept that all the answers were somehow present in having no answers at all. Did that even make sense?
He looked down at the Oraculum. Were there any answers in there? Did Tem really have everything figured out a thousand cycles ago? If so, why did Ryan have to be mixed up in this whole thing at all?
The tree was beginning to feel uncomfortably hard so Ryan laid down on his bedroll and carefully propped himself up on his pack, laying the book gently on the cloth in front of him. He grabbed a small stick and stoked the fire a bit, sending a stream of embers dancing skyward. The coals brightened as they vigorously fed on the fresh oxygen. The increased light reflected off the swirling, metallic designs scrawled across the Oraculums ornate cover.
Ryan settled in, opened the book and began to read.


TWENTY FOUR

7 Luun, 1396
Citystate of Galas, Central Valdon

Black clouds over the City of Gods. Darkness claws upon the gates. Through Velisheks eye the redeemer comes, descending from a castle in the sky, to smite the Shadows with holy fire and living stone.

Alliele paused to consider the passage, allegedly penned some thousand cycles ago by Tem of Calahn, possibly one of the most gifted Shards in human history. This, The Oraculum, represented a compilation of his visions and foresights. Much of it was astonishingly similar to that of the great dragon Augurs, whose own scrying abilities were thought to be unmatched.
Dragons had no real use for books. Their interminable lifespans would most certainly outlast something so frail as paper. That, and being a covetous species, most dragons relied on oral traditions, if they cared to share knowledge at all. 
There were a few examples of ancient draconic writings etched into orichalcum tablets but such were the exception and usually contained information of limited value to anyone beyond dragonkind. Dragons did love their secrets and would certainly not leave them lying about for just anyone to find.
Perhaps it was Allieles odd appreciation of humans, but she found a strange comfort in the tangible quality of books. There was a sense of touching history, even if it was merely a copy of the original. Despite the fact that shed memorized the entire contents of the book long ago, she still enjoyed reading it. 
Tems Oraculum. An interesting choice. The deep voice bore a hint of Valdoran accent, despite practiced suppression, and a not-so-well suppressed air of derision.
Alliele looked up from the book to see her host, Lord Stanilov, standing before her, a broad, mollifying smile barely peeking out from between his large mustache and tiny, bulbous chin.
I did not suppose your Ladyship to be partial to works of fantasy, he said, slightly cocking his head, which was about the most movement it could make. He had practically no neck, making it appear that his tight collar was all that kept his head from simply disappearing down inside his opulent dress coat. 
Everything about the man was artificial. Oh, his wealth was certainly real enough and that probably gave him at least some of the influence that he believed he possessed. But the confidence shrouded in mock-humility, even his Medinaran-styled, embroidered silk coat, were all simply part of a carefully crafted persona, a character to be played in the endless game of human politics. 
Of course, human politics held nothing to the subtle intrigues of Allieles own kind. Even the endless schemes of the Meilaani, renowned for their political prowess and mastery of backstairs politics, were utterly transparent and childish compared to the elaborate machinations of dragonkind. It was not an aspect of her species for which Alliele was particularly proud.
Still, petty and crude as the game may be, it had shaped the development of humanity for generations, for good or ill. But this was a game with potentially dire consequences. Consequences far greater than the humans could truly fathom and whose outcome would reach far beyond the confines of this world.
It was a game that Alliele despised but it was a game that shed learned to play well. 
She smiled back and gently closed the book. I think you would find my interests to be quite varied, Lord Stanilov.
The man raised an inquisitive eyebrow and chuckled. Alliele was well-aware of how his gaze repeatedly slipped to the low-cut neckline of her emerald-hued gown. Shed chosen this piece carefully from her collection of rather sultry Tlanthan ensembles for this very purpose. 
Lord Stanilovs reputation as a womanizer was well known and well-deserved. While a far less powerful man in Valdon politics than he would like to believe, he had used his considerable wealth to buy his way into powerful circles and had made friends with many influential people. His penchant for vice and a tendency to brag made him a natural, if somewhat unsavory, target for her network.
She gently set the book on a nearby table and folded her hands in her lap. But what of your interests? she asked. The book was in your collection, after all. 
Stanilov waved a meaty hand and sighed with exaggerated indifference. There was a time when it was fashionable to collect such things, he said, In truth, I do not even remember when I acquired it. My collection has become so unmanageably large that I fear that I will never find time to read them all.
Judging by the pristine nature of the bindings, Alliele found it doubtful that the man had ever cracked open more than a handful of them.
I admit that my tastes lean toward studies of a more material nature, he said, peering lasciviously across the room at the daughter of Duke Canton, another of his many guests. Noticing his glare, she smiled back politely but quickly looked away, feigning engagement in a nearby conversation.
Alliele cleared her throat quietly, drawing the mans attention back to her. It was very kind of you to accommodate us on such short notice, my lord, particularly in light of your many other guests.
Stanilovs home was indeed quite crowded, with nearly every room of the palace-like estate lodging nobles, politicians and other persons of note, many of whom had been trapped here for months because of the Imperiums siege on the city. Lord Stanilov had graciously offered board to those who needed it and had gone to some length to entertain, or rather, impress his guests with lavish parties and expensive imported cuisine.
The honor is mine, my Lady, he smiled, trying hard to hide his pride. My heart goes out to those affected by these unfortunate events.
Alliele noted that there seemed little room in Lord Stanilovs heart for the countless lower class inhabitants of Galas who were suffering under the severe rationing of even basic foodstuffs.
In any case, I will certainly pass word of your hospitality to my father whenever I am able to return to Glaasen, she said, gathering the folds of her dress and starting to stand.
Stanilov offered a hand and gracefully helped her out of the chair, managing a slight bow before gesturing to a large table covered with all manner of refreshments.
Worry not, my Lady, he said as he escorted her across the room, You will soon be able to return to your estates. I am sure your father will be relieved at your safe return.
And grateful to the one who had supposedly kept her safe. Alliele thought. Stanilov was as easy to read as one of his many fashionable books.
Such confidence, my Lord, she said. You speak as though the siege will soon be ended.
Stanilov smirked.
Well, I know more than a few people in military circles, he bragged, There is talk of plans for a breakout.
Alliele feigned surprise, offering fodder for the mans sizeable ego. This was precisely why she was here. Lord Stanilov, for all his shortcomings, was well-connected AND he liked very much to hear himself talk, both of which made him useful.
And the Coalition is sending support? she asked.
Stanilov frowned.
So I hear, he said flatly.
Was that a hint of disappointment? Alliele asked, I would think it good news to know that your allies had not abandoned you.
Stanilov picked up a pair of full wine glasses from the table.
Dont get me wrong, he said, Without the alliance, the Imperium would have crushed us long ago. Only a fool would deny that.
 He offered Alliele one of the glasses, which she accepted although she paid it little attention. 
But one must be realistic, Stanilov continued, The Coalition is merely a means to an end, nothing more. And when that end is achieved, the treaties will be worth no more than the paper on which they were written.
Dangerous talk, Alliele said, Your own Ministers signed those treaties. You dont think that was a mistake, do you?
The Ministers did what they had to do, he said, But they have become too mired in politics, too secular.
The Precepts of the Seven demand that the faithful defend the holy land from all aggressors. This has allowed our country to survive through countless attempts at invasion, from many enemies.
And the Coalition fights against what is, perhaps, the greatest invasion our world has ever known, Alliele said.
Of course, Stanilov replied, and Valdon is proud to do its part in battling the Imperium scourge.
But have no doubt, that when this war is over, those who remain strong will turn upon those who have been weakened. The Throne War will resume as if it had never ceased. One does not need to be a great military genius--or a prophet--to see such things.
He swirled the wine in his glass. My country, for one, has no intention of being among the weak.
Alliele smiled. I appreciate your concern, my lord. I will be far more scrutinizing regarding events in the future.
 Stanilov tested the aroma of the wine, then smiled, apparently satisfied and took a drink. He watched as Alliele took a small sip.
Recognize it? he asked, From your family vineyards.
Alliele nodded.
Stanilov took another drink. There is little our countries share in common he said, but you certainly make a fine vintage.
The wise man finds the value in any situation, he added.
As do wise women, Alliele said with a smile.
A bright flash illuminated the tall, lavishly curtained windows. It was followed almost immediately by a rapid series of thunderous crashes that quickly faded into a barely audible high-pitched wail. Several of the guests who had been watching at the windows let out a cheer of approval at the sound of the citys barriers warding off a particularly intense barrage of Imperium artillery. 
Alliele closed her eyes, waiting for the wave of discomfort to pass. Many cycles of forced acclamation to the humans Enchantech hadnt done much to reduce the uncomfortable secondary effects of their ethergenic weapons.
Stanilov must have mistaken her pained expression for one of fear.
Just an etheric storm, he said, trying to sound reassuring, Quite common, really--and the near-constant attacks on the citys barriers only seems to make them worse.
Alliele looked to the windows and did little to hide her concern. Stanilov was right about the storm. It was his dismissive attitude that bothered her. It was an attitude that was, sadly, too common amongst humans. 
Ironically, in tapping into the very runic magics that had given them their vaunted Enchantech, they had come so close to understanding the truth about the nature of Vim.
But, either through ignorance or denial, they simply did not see it even as it played out right in front of them. She only hoped that they had time to learn before it was too late.
Fear not, my Lady, Stanilov said, The City of Temples has stood for a thousand cycles. It will take more than this Imp rabble to break it.
He raised his glass and glanced about the room. With a strike of Fulthriks Hammer, we will show the Imperials the true might of Valdon! he announced, drawing a round of raised glasses and a hearty Nas Valdonarum!, a traditional Valdoran battle cry, from several of the veteran guests.
For all his talk, one look at Lord Stanilov made it quite clear that hed never served in war and, like many lifetime politicians, had little true understanding of it either.
Alliele shook her head. Faith alone does not win wars, Stanilov. Even the devout must at some point take responsibility for their own fate.
The comment drew a mixture of reactions ranging from haughty disapproval to outright scowls, from those in the room. Stanilov did his best not to appear insulted.
With all respect, my Lady, he said, the Seven have kept our country safe for centuries, even from your mighty Calandran army.
Alliele began to respond but caught herself. It was considered rude to argue with ones host, particularly in front of other guests. 
Besides, it was seldom productive to debate a Valdoner once theyd invoked a religious argument. In matters of faith, they were simply too resolute. 
To be fair, religion had served their country well at times, being one of the few things around which the traditionally independent people could rally. But blind devotion at the expense of logical reasoning was simply antithetical to a mist dragons psychology.
Alliele bit her tongue, opting instead to simply nod, ceding this round to Stanilov. At the moment there were far more important matters to contend with.
She excused herself and walked up to the window, gazing thoughfully out at the raging storm. Arcs of green-hued lightning slashed the sky and rippled across the citys magical protective dome, briefly illuminating the roiling, dark mass above. 
Behind her, she could hear the murmuring and occasional laughter from a dozen casual conversations. The warm, pleasant atmosphere inside the room was a stark contrast to the chaos just beyond the fragile panes of glass. 
The metaphor for current events was not lost on her. That storm was the future and it would take but a simple act to shatter the illusion of safety embodied within this room.
She certainly had much to ponder. Stanilovs intimations of a secretive movement to circumvent Valdons commitments to the Coalition would require attention. The Coalition was a fragile alliance of old enemies, at the best times, and could little afford anyones personal agendas driving wedges into the cracks. She would have to scour her network for any evidence that such a movement had any weight.
Then there was the dragonknight, Sir Ryan. Shed returned the Auraeometer to him, in what could be considered defiance of Alamanders orders. She'd done so based on the simple instinct that it was the right thing to do. Where was the logic in that? Wasnt that called faith? Only time would tell if shed made the right choice.
And that time might very well be drawing near. 
She gazed out over the city, its dim lights struggling to cut through the darkness. Galas, the city of Temples. Could Tems vision be true? Could this be where it would begin?
Astaban sauntered up beside her. He held a nearly empty wine glass in one hand and some sort of floury dessert in the other. He sighed conspicuously, seeming quite satisfied with himself.
When Alliele didnt respond his smile flagged a bit. He knew her distant, preoccupied expression all to well. He set aside his refreshments and stood quietly gazing out the window for several moments before finally glancing in her direction with a mix of curiosity and concern.
What do you see? he asked.
Alliele watched the storm. 
Black clouds.


EPILOGUE

10 Luun, 1396
Central Galendra

Hephethael burst from the ground in an explosion of earth and stone, collapsing immediately upon emerging. She lay there for several moments, heaving with exhaustion, before she finally struggled to her feet.
She clutched at the wound on her right side and nearly dropped back to her knees from the pain. It was only one of many injuries, but it was, by far, the worst. That Gnisian wyrm had come very close to disembowling her. 
She was unable to channel healing powerful enough to repair the damage, so shed been forced to seal the wound using her own breath. Her biomagical physiology would eventually heal it but it would take time. Time she didnt have.
Shed tried to stall the Gnisian cyberdragons as long as she could so that Melethanc could escape with the Shard. Shed fought as she never had before. But against two, it just hadn't been enough.
Her last memory before waking up hours later was the sight of those foul wyrms taking off to chase down her mate, leaving her behind to die.
Somehow she'd survived, and once she could move, shed done her best to track them.
But, wounded as she was, she could not keep up. She simply lacked the strength. More than once shed been tempted to give up and LastDive, if only to spare herself the pain. But shed resisted, clinging to the chance that she might find Melethanc again.
For days, she did not know whether hed escaped or not.
Then came the emergence. When that shockwave rolled over her--when she felt the faint hint of his unmistakeable aura--she had no doubt. 
Melethanc, her mate, was dead.
But then, he wasnt, was he. If, indeed, he were responsible for the emergence, which she knew he must be, then part of him was still alive in the Wyrmweaver. 
Oh, Melethanc, what have you done? she thought. That Shard was not ready.
Something terrible must have happened; something that forced him to initiate the bonding. He would not have done so otherwise, would he?
She wasnt really sure anymore. She wanted to trust him, needed to trust him, as she always had. 
But she had questions, and the only person who could answer those questions now was the Wyrmweaver. That meant that Hephethael must do something she thought she never would do again.
She summoned her remaining strength and staggered slowly up the rocky hillside to the crest of the ridge. Bracing herself against a large outcropping of rock, she looked across a deep valley at the jagged ridge of mountains beyond.
High atop one of the highest peaks, shrouded in billowy, white clouds, stood the monolithic towers of the Assemblage.
Shed made it.
As an Oathbound, she had no idea what would happen to her if she tried to enter. She didnt really care.
The Wyrmweaver would end up here, eventually; the Deliberative would see to that. They would want answers, as she did.
And if the Deliberative decided that they must destroy the Wyrmweaver?
She couldnt allow that. That was her mate, at least in part, and she would die to protect him, even against the Sovereigns themselves, if it came to that.
She had no idea HOW she would do it. She only knew that she must.

Continued


GLOSSARY OF TERMS

Alchemechanics - The scientific theory that serves as the basis for Enchantech engineering, the science of applying magical effects to technology .

Arcane Corps - Special division of the CAF composed of channelers and Enchantech equipped troops. Notable units are the 12th and 33rd Arcane, both of which have served in well-documented battles, but the actual size and composition of the Corps is unknown outside the purview of ARCH. Corps units are usually assigned to support mundane troops on an as needed basis and operate within their own command structure.

ARCH - Enigmatic name for the Arcane Corps high command.

Archie - slang. A member of the Arcane Corps. Normally used derogatorily by mundane troops, who can find the Corps troops a bit snobbish, it is occasionally used jokingly by Corps members themselves.

Assemblage, The - The monumental structure where the Sovereigns of the Deliberative meet. Built high in the mountains of central Galendra over two thousand years ago by humans and dragons, the Assemblage was once a place of learning and interaction between the two races. Few humans ever travel there and the few that do tend to do so in secret to avoid persecution by those who are highly prejudiced against dragon-kind and those who would ally themselves with them.

ATR (Anti-Tank Rifle) - Man-portable light anti-vehicular weapon usually chambered up to 20mm. Commonly used by Coalition dragon hunting troops for penetrating Imperium netherdragon armor.

Backlash - Uncontrolled Vim that floods a channelers nervous system as the result of an improperly focused Techniq. Described as feeling like a burning, electrical shock, it can result in nerve damage, weakening or loss of the channelers Gift, or even death. Skilled channelers can sometimes avoid backlash by shunting the Vim back into the environment, resulting in a powerful spellshock that can easily be detected by Vimsensitives in the area.

Balthas, The Order of - Dragonknight Order whos origins date back over twelve centuries. Named after the first Wyrmweaver, Thurgard Balthas, the Order strives to find and train new candidates worthy of the legendary role.

Battlemancer - Arcane Corps combat channeler specializing in BoosterTech and ethergenic weapons.

Booster - Common term for a Personal Vim Amplifier. (See PVA)

BoosterTech - Blanket term used to refer to PVA's and their use to amplify channeling Techniqs.

Burnout - The shattering of a Vimstone due to hyper-resonation of its crystal matrix, usually the result of attempting to push too much Vim through the stone. Burnout usually results in severe backlash to the channeler. A shattered stone disintegrates into a fine, black powder called Dust, so emphasized due to its unique nature. (See Dust.)

CAF (Coalition Armed Forces) - Multi-national military force composed of units from all Coalition member nations and under the command of the Council of Admirals.

Calandra - Coalition member state. A Confederation of smaller states located in central Freidia. Famous for its powerful military and industrial base, it serves as the backbone of the Coalition.

Channeler - A human born with the Gift and trained in the use of magical Techniqs.

Chirii  KEER-ee Netherdragon term for Vim.

Coalition, The - The military alliance between the Freidian nations of Calandra, Medindara, Meilaan, Tlanth, and Valdon.

Concordiat, The - A term occasionally referenced by members of the Deliberative, the meaning of which is unknown to humans. Implies the existence of dragons on other worlds but the Sovereigns refuse to elaborate.

Council of Admirals, The - Military council consisting of a single representative of each Coalition member nation and their staff. Despite the name, the members are not necessarily admirals in rank and may be a high ranking general or whatever equivalent exists for a particular nations forces. The council was instituted in 1355 and was intended to overcome the political aspects of joint-force operations and concentrate the newly formed CAFs command structure in a unified manner.

Dead Zone - Also known as a Void. An area completely lacking in ambient Vim, either naturally or as the result of an anti-magic field such as that created by HEV shells or null grenades.

Disrupted Zone - An area of etheric instability, either natural or as the result of heavy spell casting or the use of ethergenic weapons. Channeling in such areas is difficult and runic effects can become unpredictable. Extremely disrupted zones can result in physical manifestations such as etheric storms, easily identified by their distinctive, roiling black clouds and eerie, green-hued lightning.

Draconic Deliberative, The - Usually simply referred to as The Deliberative. The council of Sovereigns that meet at the Assemblage to discuss matters of concern to all dragons of Elandis.

Dust - Vimstone Dust. Capitalized for emphasis and to distinguish it from common dirt, it is the fine, black powder left behind by a burned out Vimstone. Dangerous to humans if inhaled and magically resistant, it is a toxic byproduct of enchantech devices and must be handled with care.

Dynard - Non-linear standard measurement for magical power. Named after the T'Lanthan magitech Traven Dynardeval, who is credited for objectifying the measurement of Vim.
A single Dynard is the amount of Vim burned per second by a standardized light schema. Also used as a rating for Vimstones, denoting the complexity and amplifying power of their crystal matrix.

EComm (Etheric Communication) - Enchantech wireless communication devices constructed around a clairaudience schema and powered by Vim. EComms work like standard radios but have virtually unlimited range, although they can be disrupted by dead zones and certain types of wards.

EDAR (Etheric Detection Analysis Ranging) - A complex system of magical sensors and harmonic resonance detectors used to monitor etheric activity. Analogous to modern RADAR.

Elandis or Elandyss - A planet similar to earth in proportion and general climate. Elandis is a nexus world possessing a powerful Heartstone that supports an extraordinarily high magical aura.

Elemental - Entity composed of one of the four primary elements: earth, air, fire, or water. Human scholars are as yet uncertain whether such entities are truly sentient beings and few humans have any contact with the creatures at all.

Enchantech - The fusion of rune magic, alchemechanics and technology developed by human magitechs. Examples include: siphon reactors, Boosters, ERIS lenses, and skycruisers.

EP (Ethergenic Plasma) - Vim that is highly concentrated via a specialized Booster array and focused through alchemechanical essence lenses into a physical state. The substance fired by EP rifles.
Ethergenic plasma is highly unstable, both physically and magically, making it disruptive to both magical barriers and physical matter.

ERIS lens (Etheric Resonance Imaging Spectrometer) - Alchemechanical construct that creates a visual representation of etheric harmonics. Central to the constructions of EDAR systems and EVIs.

Etherum, The - Human term for the magical field of Vim surrounding Elandis. (See also - The Great Flow)

EVI (Etheric Visual Imager) - EE-vee A portable ERIS lens. Enchantech goggles used, mostly by mundanes, to see into the Etherum. The image is similar to that of thermal or night vision cameras but is in the magical spectrum. Also known as psychoscopes or Vimgoggles. Some believe that the kaleidoscopic images are harmful if viewed for extended periods but medical evidence has yet to back up that claim.

Fecties - slang, derogatory. Military term for defectors fighting for the Imperium. A colloquialism born of the word defector that became popular for its similarity to the word feces. (See also Scriptie)

Freidia - The largest continent on the world of Elandis. Home to humans and a large population of stone dragons, it is also the primary target of the Imperium invasion.

Galendra - Smallest of Elandiss three major continents and the traditional home of Elandiss dragon population. Most mist dragon Enclaves and a few stone dragon Enclaves reside here. Traditionally avoided by humans out of respect with the exception of the Assemblage, which is located deep within the central mountains.

Gift, The - The ability of some Vimsensitives to learn to channel magical Techniqs. The origins and mechanics of the ability are not fully understood but it is known that it can be lost, typically by the shock of severe backlash.

Gnisis - Homeworld of Netherdragons. Capital world of the Imperium.

Great Flow, The - or, simply The Flow. Draconic term for the Etherum, referring not only to the magical energy field of Elandis but to the broader magical field of the universe as well.

HeartStone - A massive Vimstone that exists at the core of some worlds and determines that worlds base magical harmonic.

HEV (High Explosive Void) - Specialized ordinance combining a chemical explosive warhead with an anti-magic matrix that burns away Vim in a radius from the impact, creating a temporary dead zone. Typically used by artillery and skycruiser cannons for penetrating large-scale barrier wards.

Imperium, The - A vast, interstellar power ruled by the Shadowdragon and his loyal Netherdragon Highlords. Centered on the Netherdragons home world of Gnisis, the Imperium spans hundreds of worlds, all conquered for their powerful magical resources. The Imperiums Legions consist of all manner of exotic creatures harvested from many of these worlds and have been largely unmatched in their relentless march across the cosmos.

JAM (Jacketed Anti Magic) - Standard armor-piercing round imbued with a minor magic penetration schema; used in small caliber projectiles weapons.

Junction - A point where two ley lines intersect. Such points are natural geomantic resonators that generate enormous amounts of Vim.

Junction, Cardinal - An intersection of three or more ley lines. Similar to a standard Junction but many degrees more powerful, a Cardinal Junction is required for the anchoring of a Starbridge. Most worlds have no more than two such Junctions. Rare Nexus worlds, such as Elandis, which has four Cardinal Junctions, are highly prized targets of the Imperium.

LAV (Low Altitude Vehicle) - Enchantech aircraft used for small unit transport and gunship duties. Also called Hoppers.

Ley Line - Currents of concentrated Vim that move throughout the Etherum. Larger galactic ley lines also exist between worlds. Dragons believe that these magical lines of force hold the universe together like threads in a vast fabric.

Malok - A race of giants native to the Imperium controlled world of Crochia. The five-met tall, armored humanoids are used as heavy infantry in the Imperium Legions. For reasons unclear to Coalition intelligence, the Maloks are periodically withdrawn from the battlefield and transported off-world, only to return several months later in seemingly higher numbers.

Magine - Magical engine. Propulsion system powered by a small siphon reactor and used on both air and ground vehicles in much the same manner as traditional combustion engines. Magines have excellent range and minimal logistical requirements but must be maintained by skilled magitechs. Provincial forces and lesser equipped military units often use simpler combustion engines instead.

Magitech - A person skilled in the construction and maintenance of enchantech devices. May or may not have channeling ability, but usually possesses an affinity for magic beyond typical mundanes.

Medimancer - Field medic with channeling ability and trained in the use of medical delving and mending Techniqs.

Medinara - Coalition member nation. Located along the southern coastal region of Freidia, the Mageocracy of Medinara is a caste-based society ruled by a loose council of powerful MageLords who rule through a combination of fear and respect. The MageLords get along only so far as it serves their personal interests, which tend to focus around each member's particular arcane endeavors. Their vast intelligence gathering networks became the basis for the Coalitions ScryNet detection grid and the system is largely maintained by members of the Magisteriat, Medinaras secretive arcane police force.

Meilaan - Coalition member nation. Composed largely of islands off the western coast of Freidia, the Meilaani Kingdom (formerly the Duchy of Meilaan) is known for its strong warrior tradition.

Met - Standard unit of measurement. Equivalent to one Earth yard or meter.

Ned - slang, derogatory. Netherdragon.

Netherdragon - Species of wyrms originating on the shadowy world of Gnisis.

Nexus World - A planet which links several interstellar ley lines. Such worlds typically form dense regions in the Great Flow and are naturally suitable as anchor points for Starbridges.

Oathbound, The - The name taken by the Elandian wyrms that defied the Tenets of Non-intervention set forth by the Deliberative. (See also Vahjeraat)

Oraculum, The - The collected writings of the prophet Tem of Calahn. Written over a thousand cycles ago, it is believed by many that within its cryptic passages are hints of future events.

PVA (Personal Vim Amplifier) - Military enchantech device based on the Kieler/Felbs harmonic array that is used by specially trained channelers to amplify the power output of magical Techniqs. Also called Boosters or Amps, although the latter term is more commonly applied to the Imperium's version of the device.

REBAr (Rune Enhanced Body Armor) - Personal armor enhanced with a variety of magical schema. Lighter and more durable than mundane counterparts and may provide other enhancements such as strength boosters, deflection wards, environmental protection, or reactive camouflage.

Runes - Ancient glyphs that are tied to specific magical effects. Used individually or in combination, such glyphs can be used to scribe permanent magical effects.

Rune-Boosted - or Rune-Enhanced. Mundane technology that has been improved through the application of one or more magical schema. Differs from enchantech in that rune-boosted gear can function with or without its magical properties. Some examples are JAM rounds or Coalition REBAr.

SCAM (Solid Core Anti Magic) - Large caliber rune-boosted armor piercing round. Formed around a high-density penetrator core, SCAM rounds are kinetic-kill rounds enhanced with penetration and anti magic schema to defeat enhanced armor.

Schema - A pattern of magical runes linked to form an etheric matrix. A schema is much like a magical circuit that, when energized with Vim, outputs a specific and predictable effect.

Scriptie - slang. Military jargon for Imperium conscripts, typically those hailing from the Traitor States of TLanth.

ScryNet - A vast network of EDAR listening posts and EComm transmitter relays used by the Coalition to monitor magical activity and link intelligence assets throughout Coalition territory.

SERA Reactor (Superscalar Etheric Resonance Accumulation) - Advanced siphon reactor using a parallel array to draw vast amounts of Vim. Extremely complex and expensive, SERA reactors are typically restricted to military use, most notably on skycruisers.

Shadowdragon, The - The enigmatic ruler of the Imperium. Many theories exists as to the nature and origin of the Shadowdragon but few are the individuals who have seen him(?) and lived to tell of it.

Shards - slang. Common colloquialism, dating back centuries, that is typically used as an expletive. Derived from the historical phrase Shards of the Heartstone although few would understand the reference in modern times. In contemporary usage, it relates to something or a situation falling apart or being in shards.

Shiv Team - Special forces unit unique to the Arcane Corps, usually trained in a specific area such as recon, rescue, or dragon hunting.

Siphon Reactor - Large scale enchantech power source based on the Keiler/Felbs harmonic array. Siphon reactors draw Vim from the Etherum and amplify it through a large serial Vimstone array to supply magical energy to a citys power grid. (See also SERA Reactors)

Sovereigns - 1.) The elder dragons of the Elandian dragon Enclaves. Each Enclave selects a single member, usually by virtue of age and respect, to represent the Enclave in the Deliberative. 2.) A colloquialism that persists among humans, primarily in Valdon and Calandra. Literally "By the Sovereigns" or "Blessed Sovereigns", it is often uttered in shock, dismay or, occasionally, reverence, and dates to a time when the elder dragons were viewed by many humans to be deific in nature.

Spellshock - The ripple caused in the Etherum by the channeling of a magical Techniq. Each spellshock has a unique harmonic that can reveal much information about the nature of the channeling to Vimsensitives in the area.

Spellweaving - The draconic variation of channeling. Unlike human channeling, spellweaving is highly dependent on the casters personal Vim as opposed to ambient Vim. Considered to be the pure form of magic use, it is extremely powerful and efficient but difficult to master. Early human channelers were taught the art by dragon mentors but, over time, most turned to the easier form of channeling in use today.

Spellwiring - Teiran biomantic process that overcomes a dragons natural biomagical rejection of cybernetiks, allowing for the creation of Stalkers. The process is far from perfect and the freakish monstrosities it creates almost inevitably suffer from insanity.

Stalker, Imperium - Human term for netherdragons imbued with cybernetiks via Tieran spellwiring. Known as Talons by other netherdragons, they carry the authority of the Shadowdragon and are largely shunned for their unnatural state of existence and tendency for erratic behavior.

Starbridge - A large, fixed, magical gateway anchored between two worlds. A starbridge requires vast amounts of stable Vim to function and can only be anchored on a Cardinal Junction.

Tieran - Subject race of the Imperium hailing from the enslaved world of Tiera. A highly magically-adept species that specializes in a purist form of channeling called Biomancy. Biomancers have incredible control over their own biological processes and can manipulate their bodies, as well as those of others, in astounding ways.

Techniq - Human term for the formulaic mental structure of a magical spell.

Thardas - Large jungle-covered continent to the south of Friedia that is home to Elandiss large population of marsh dragons. Fiercely territorial, the marsh dragons have kept all but the most persistent settlers away from their nesting grounds along the southern and eastern regions of the continent.

Tenets of Non-intervention - A complex set of guidelines put in place by the Deliberative regarding interactions between dragonkind and humanity. A core principle of the tenets is the forbiddance of dragons to take sides or engage in human conflicts.

TLanth - Coalition member nation. A loose collection of principalities covering the northern reaches of Freidia. First to bear the brunt of the Imperium assault on Elandis, much of TLanth has been overrun and the majority of its remaining troops have been conscripted into Imperium service. (See Traitor States)

Traitor States, The - Collective term for the T'Lanthan principalities that surrendered, either by force or by choice, and became thralls of the Imperium.

Vahjeraat, The - Literally Dishonored. Derogatory term for the Oathbound.

Valdon - Coalition member nation. A theocratic society that worships The Seven, a polytheistic religion that dates back thousands of cycles.

Varion - Metaphysical reality particle believed to be the most elementary structure of matter in the universe. It is through the manipulation of varions that a magical techniq can alter the fabric of reality to create an effect. 
	Varions naturally try to maintain a low energy state, which, in turn, keeps the current material reality stable. Manipulating varions to alter a given reality requires the expenditure of Vim, focused through a formulaic structure known as a Techniq. The more significant the attempted manipulation, the more Vim must be channeled to achieve it.

Vim - The raw power of magic. Also historically known as Mana or Essence.

Vimsensitive - 1.) The ability to sense variations in the Etherum. 2.) A person possessing such ability.
Vimsense is often described as being able to hear the harmonics of magical energy. A Vimsensitive can detect the use of magic nearby via the spellshock and, if skilled enough, may be able to identify certain information about the Techniq such as range, power level, the type of Techniq, or even the channelers identity. 

Vimstone - Blue-green crystals that resemble quartz and can range in size from a few millimets across to the size of large trees. Vimstones occur naturally in Vim-rich environments and resonate at magical harmonic frequencies, making them natural Vim amplifiers. They are vital to the powering of Enchantech devices and coveted by all magic using beings. Vimstone mines are a critical resource to the Coalition and Imperium alike and are among the most heavily guarded assets.

Void - (See Dead Zone)

Ward(s) - Blanket term for magical defenses. May apply to physical defenses such as barrier wards or resistance enchantments such as elemental protection wards, as well as metaphysical defenses such as mental barriers or magical protection Techniqs.

Wastes, The - The vast stretch of contested territory lying along the Imperium/Coalition border which has seen the majority of combat over the past several decades. Cratered and ravaged by mundane and magical attacks, the entire region is wracked by etheric instability and infested with dangerous creatures, many of which are native to other Imperium worlds, having been transplanted to Elandis to cause chaos to the local ecology.

Weave - Dragon term for a magical spell formula. Also used by purist channelers trained in traditional casting methods.

Wyrm - True dragon. Distinguished by their ability to channel Vim and their general degree of social and intellectual development.

Wyrmweaver - Legendary humans who were believed to be bonded to a dragon spirit and possessed vast channeling power. There have only been four such individuals recorded in history. The last known Wyrmweaver was Sir Hector of Galeat, who disappeared over eight hundred cycles ago.

Zapper - slang. Common term for a null grenade, an enchantech device which creates an inverse etheric burst resulting in a temporary void approximately ten mets in diameter. This void can disable magical wards and disrupt Techniqs within its area and may also stun Vimsensitive beings.


About the Author

J.C. Rudinsky is a Data Progammer from northern Indiana with a passion for storytelling and digital illustration. She is currently busy working on Fire and Stone, the second book of the Wyrmweaver series, and creating artwork for the Wyrmweaver Reference Guide.

jess.c.rudinsky@gmail.com


Coming in 2014: Wyrmweaver: Fire and Stone




"Every avalanche begins with but a single stone."
Valdoner Proverb

As Lanis faces the consequences of her actions at Talanford, the mystery deepens around the identity of the girl she brought back from the ruins. Meanwhile, Ryan and Gantros shadow the skycruiser Adamant as Ryan tries to puzzle out a means of completing his mission.
But before he can do so, the Coalition High Command begins its operation to break the siege of Galas. Adamant's true mission is revealed, drawing Shiv Nine, Lanis, Ryan and Gantros into a desperate battle, the outcome of which will profoundly alter not only their own futures but the future of Elandis itself.
On the 9th of Luun, all eyes turn to Galas as the first stone falls.
Fire and Stone, the explosive next installment of the Wyrmweaver series.
