Blood Bites: Three Vampire Tales
By LR Potter, Kristen Middleton, & C.J. Pinard
Copyright 2013 Dark Shadows Publishing
Smashwords Edition

This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writers imaginations or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales, or organizations is entirely coincidental.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of these authors.

Cover Art by =Shiny-Shadows @ deviantART
http://shiny-shadows.deviantart.com/store/
===
Published by Dark Shadows Publishing
===









Wicked
(A Night Roamers Short)


By Kristen Middleton
 
Copyright 2013 Kristen Middleton


The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead is coincidental and not intended by the author.
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise without express written permission of the author.

A huge thank you to:

Those whove encouraged, inspired, and supported me on this new journey.

Chapter One


I stared up at the white speckled ceiling of my new apartment, still too full of adrenaline to sleep. The excitement of moving out of my parents home and starting college in two weeks was beyond exhilarating. Plus, my best friend Betsy was going to join me after she returned from Florida with her parents in a couple of weeks. Theyd taken her to Disneyworld as a graduation present, and although shed been excited about the trip, finding an apartment we could afford together had been the real highlight of the summer. Ever since wed met in the eighth grade, wed always talked about going to UMT, living together, and meeting hot college guys. Now our dreams were finally becoming a reality and it made me so giddy, sleep was laughable.
Sighing, I got out of bed and went into the kitchen for a spoonful of creamy peanut butter. It was a nightly habit that sometimes helped me sleep and my parents had purchased a case of it for me as a joke, but Id been thrilled to receive it. 
As I opened the cupboard, I thought of my mother, who seemed to have a knack for catching me with my hand in the peanut butter jar every time I had a craving. She often teased that if I ever stopped, that peanut farms everywhere would go bankrupt.   
I grabbed a jar from the shelf, twisted the cap off, and scooped out a large spoonful. Once it was in my mouth, I remembered that I had nothing to wash it down with. Plus, my cups were still packed in one of the boxes and I really didnt feel like rummaging for them in the middle of the night. Recalling the landlords mention of a beverage machine by the swimming pool, I decided to buy a couple bottles of soda and check out the pool. 
 I put the jar away, washed off the spoon, and went back into my bedroom to change out of my pajamas. As I pulled on a pair of jean shorts, I caught a glimpse of myself in the dresser mirror and was relieved that it was so late. My auburn hair was messy and there was mascara smudged under my lower lashes. 
Screw it.
I slipped on an orange sweatshirt, pulled the hood over my head, grabbed a handful of change, and stepped out of my apartment.
Shoving my hands into my sweatshirt pockets, I went downstairs to the lobby and stepped out into the cool darkness, suddenly grateful that my parents had pushed me into Taekwondo three years ago. Although I normally didnt think much about wandering near my parents house late at night, here, however, it was a little disconcerting. Even for a Brown Belt.  
I thought of my parents, who were only an hour away, and had acted like Id moved to a different continent. My mother had been in tears when shed left earlier, and my dad, well his voice had actually cracked, which truthfully had kind of shocked me. In all my life, Id never seen my dad cry, even when his own father had passed away. My mother had told me hed mourned in his own way, and didnt like people feeling sorry for him. It was kind of weird, but I always assumed it had to do with the fact that hed served in the military for many years. That it had made him hard. But, this afternoon, hed kept his eyes down and had given me an extra-long hug before driving away.
Now, thinking of them, I felt a tug on my heart. Although I was excited about the move and starting a new life in college, part of me already longed for them. Theyd been strict and demanding, but Id never doubted their love.
For a long time, Id felt as if theyd treated me like a baby. Nothing had ever seemed fair, not my early curfews, or any of the other stringent rules theyd enforced. Hell, I hadnt even been able to sleep at a friends house without getting the third degree. Theyd always said that theyd trusted me, but not other kids, claiming that they didnt want me to be influenced by the wrong kind of people. This had seemed like a total joke to me, since Betsy and I hung out with computer geeks and people not really into partying.
And dating?
Well, sadly, Id only gone out on one date in high school  the prom. My dad had put the poor guy through hell before releasing us. Sure, wed had fun there  dancing, flirting, even a couple of kisses, but when hed gotten me home a few minutes late, my dad was waiting for us with an earful for Brian. Needless to say, he never asked me out again and I decided that it wasnt worth torturing any of the guys at school by going out with them. So, here I was  an eighteen-year-old virgin whod had one date 
 Brian, and had only kissed one person  Brian.  
Not that I hadnt fantasized about other guys. Hell, my dreams were filled with faceless heroes rescuing me from danger. Sexy, brave hunks who would carry me off into the sunset, where I could shower them with kisses. Unfortunately, I always woke up before getting a chance to show my appreciation.
I couldnt even get lucky in my dreams. 
Betsy promised that everything would change in college. There would be guys, parties, and more fun than wed know what to do with. She said that our lives were just beginning. I prayed she was right. I was all about doing well in college, but I was also ready to start dating. Life was too short.
Pulling my sweatshirt in tighter, I wandered between the buildings towards the pool area. When I arrived at the entrance, the gate was locked.
Crap, I mumbled, glaring at the sign. It had closed several hours before. 
Annoyed, I turned around and gasped in shock. 
Sorry, I didnt mean to frighten you, said a man, stepping away from the shadows of the building next to the pool.  
I stared at his alabaster skin, which seemed to radiate in the darkness. I swallowed hard. Its, uh, okay.
Little late for a swim, isnt it? he asked, standing in front of me. He appeared to be in his late twenties, high cheekbones, a pointy chin, and dark eyes that burned into mine. Although he was certainly nice-looking, there was something off about him. Something creepy. 
I took a step back and forced a smile. I was just going to buy a bottle of soda.
His lips, which seemed eerily red against his translucent skin, curled up. Late night craving?
Yes. I guess so.
I can appreciate that, he replied, staring at me so intently, that things became more awkward.
I tore my eyes away, and looked past him, as if searching for someone. Well, I suppose Id better get back to my place before my boyfriend gets worried and comes looking for me.
Boyfriend?  
I looked at him again. Yes, boyfriend. His name is Brian.
His eyes, which were blacker than coal, danced in the darkness. Brian should have volunteered to get you your soda. Its much too dangerous for a girl to be wandering out here, all alone.
Good point, I said, feeling the hair on the back of my neck stand up. With that in mind, I guess I really should get back. Excuse me.
As I tried to step around him, his hand snaked out and grabbed my wrist. Not so fast.
I inhaled sharply and instinct took over. I rotated my wrist, snatched my arm away from him, and then quickly hit him in the jaw with an uppercut. It was like hitting a plate of steel.
Ahhh! I gasped in pain.
Nice attempt, he smiled darkly. I do applaud your efforts. It amuses me. He then smacked me back, hitting me in the chin. I fell backwards, landing on the ground.
In pain, but now more furious than anything, I jumped up and swung my leg up to kick him in the chest.
He caught my foot and dug his nails into my ankle cruelly. You are a fighter, arent you? he said, grabbing my neck with one of his large, cold hands, holding me in place. I like that.
No, Im really not, I whispered hoarsely as I tried to pull his fingers away from my neck. Please, youre hurting me. Let me go and Ill do whatever you want.
Sighing, he released my neck. You should have thought of that before you crossed me.
Crossed him?
I opened my mouth to scream, but he clamped his hand over it with incredible speed. Uh, uh, uh he whispered.
Terrified, I reached between his legs and squeezed as hard as I could. 
He roared in pain and released me.
I turned away and began running towards my apartment building, frightened.
Hey! hollered a mans voice from an apartment window above. You okay down there, miss? You need help?
Before I could answer, someone grabbed me from behind and I was whisked away into the darkness.
 
Chapter Two

I slept and my dreams were morbidly disturbing.
I was trapped in some kind of old pine coffin, trying desperately to escape. As I pounded and clawed at the wooden box, I could hear someone digging. 
Without a doubt, I knew it was a grave.
My grave.
Each stab at the earth was followed by the sound of dirt being tossed, chilling me to the bone. When the noise of the shovel stopped, I cried out for help, hoping that it was some kind of mistake
Please! I screamed again, pounding my fists and kicking my feet against the coffin. Let me out! Im alive in here!
Silence.
Dammit, Im not dead! This is a mistake! Someone help me!
No response.
I sobbed. I dont deserve this. Please let me out of here.
Uh, uh, uh replied a man, chuckling. Should have thought of that before you crossed me.
My eyes snapped open and I sat up. Oh, my God, I whispered in horror as my eyes adjusted to surroundings that I did not recognize.
I was in a dimly lit barn, lying on an old wool blanket, and there were three others with me. 
Welcome to your nightmare, muttered one of the women, who was sitting a few feet away. She looked to be around my mothers age, had short dark hair, and a painful-looking shiner under her right eye.
Whats going on? I asked, getting to my feet. I brushed away some straw from my knees and straightened up. Where am I?
The woman with the bruise smiled grimly. Youre in the Land of Oz. Dont you remember riding the tornado here?
I stared at her in confusion. I 
Then it all came back to me. 
The stranger. 
Our fight. 
Running and then being grabbed from behind.
The weight of the situation hit me like a sledgehammer. Oh, Godsomeone kidnapped me?
Oh yeah, said a girl, walking over. She was not much older than me, with short blond hair and glasses. Obviously, youre not the only one. Im Amy, by the way.
Im Emily, I answered in a hollow voice.  I looked around the barn, which held no animals or livestock. 
Just us. 
I dont understand, whos doing this and why? I asked.
Do you remember the guy who took you? asked Amy.
I thought about the man by the pool. Obviously he was involved. Yeah. Im sure it was this guy with dark hair and pale skin. He approached me by my apartment building and we fought.
Hes one strong son-of-a-bitch, muttered a dark-skinned girl who was lying down on another blanket, staring up at the roof of the barn. Somethings not right about him.
Thats Tara, said Amy. She actually stabbed him with a switchblade.
Tara turned her face to look at me. He didnt even flinch. Stabbed the bastard in the hand and it was as if nothing happened. It was some freaky shit. 
Uh, did he kidnap all of you? I asked, not recalling the guy having any kind of wound on his hand when he assaulted me.   
No, replied Amy, lowering her voice. There are more of them. She looked towards the roof of the barn. Theyre probably watching us right now.
I felt like I was in some kind of twisted horror movie, only this was real. I stared up at the dark shadows of the barn and shivered. Why are they doing this?
I dont know, said Amy. We were all brought in here within the last twenty-four hours.
Have you tried to escape? I said, lowering my voice as I eyed the barn door.
Tara snorted. Hell no, genius. That didnt cross any of our minds.
Be nice, said the woman with the bruise. Shes just as confused as the rest of us and doesnt deserve any more abuse.
Tara closed her eyes and sighed. Yeah, I know. Sorry. Im just not in the mood for this shit anymore.
Weve tried getting out of here, said Amy. But theyve locked us in from the outside. And her lips began to tremble. Another woman tried climbing up to the loft right after I arrived. But, something killed her up there.
What? I asked, horrified. I looked up towards the loft, which seemed so dark and menacing.
Theres something up there, she whispered in an ominous voice, stepping closer to me. Gloria, the gal who climbed the ladder, she screamed bloody murder when she reached the top. Tried climbing back down, but something pulled her back and dragged her away from the edge. We couldnt see exactly what was happening. She grimaced. But, we all heard it.
I swallowed. Something?    
She nodded. We heard it growling and then it sounded like Gloria was wrestling with it. Her eyes filled with tears. Ill never forget the sounds coming from up there  her cries and something that sounded like hissing. I was so scared, I almost peed my pants.
We were all scared, said the older woman, shaking her head.
What happened next? I asked.
Amy wiped a couple of tears from her cheek. Um, I think she tried crawling back towards the ladder, but never made it.
I take it you guys were too scared to do much? I asked bluntly. I mean, Im sure Id have been scared to death myself. 
Well, I was going to try and help, said Tara. But then I saw all of the blood.
I shivered. Blood?
Amy pointed towards the top of the ladder. Yeah, if you stand back far enough and get on your tippy-toes, you can kind of see Glorias shoulder. Theres blood there. Lots of it.
I stepped back and looked. Sure enough, someones hand appeared to be reaching for the edge, as if shed been crawling away from something. I couldnt really see her shoulder, however.  
Did you ever see what attacked her? I asked.
Nope, replied Amy. Thank God.
I squinted, trying to see the woman above better, but it was hard since it was still dark outside, and there were only a couple of lit lanterns in the barn. Do you think its still up there? 
I dont know and Im not about to look, said Amy. Whatever was up there hasnt made any noise for the last few hours.
I think it might be sleeping, said the woman with the bruise. Weve got to find a way out before it wakes up again.
Just then, the barn door was opened.
Tara jumped up and we all moved closer together.
Chapter Three

Ladies, smiled the man whod assaulted me earlier. We have a new addition to your group.
Standing next to him was another guy with long blond hair, which was pulled into a ponytail, and pale skin. In his burly arms he carried a sleeping girl with short, spiky pink hair. He moved forward and set her down on the floor of the barn.
Excuse me, guys, said Tara, folding her arms under her chest. I have to ask 
 what in the hell are we doing here?
The blond guy smiled a big, toothy grin. Oh, youll find out soon enough. For now, relax and get some rest. Youre going to need it tonight.
Her dark eyes narrowed. Is this some kind of freaky sex thing that youre into? Cause theres no way in hell Im going to let anyone put their hands on me. Not without a fight, you know what Im saying?
The dark-haired man threw his head back and laughed. Sex? No. Youd never survive that, I assure you.
Please let us go, Martin, begged the woman with the bruise. We wont tell anyone. I swear. Just let us go.
Martin, my abductor, smiled brightly and I was stunned of how white his teeth were. Anna, dont worry, dear, well let you out of here soon enough. By the way, are any of you ladies hungry?
None of us answered.
Well, if youre not now, you will be later and youll definitely need your strength. Well be back for you later, said Martin. He motioned to the other man. Come on, Brandon, its almost dawn.
Wait, said Amy, taking a step towards them. Gloria um, something killed her. Something in the loft.
Brandon smiled coldly. She should have stayed below. I advise all of you to stay away from the loft.
Why, whats up there? I asked.   
You really dont want to know, said Martin, his eyes twinkling. But rest assured, it wont harm you unless you venture up there.
This is insane! hollered Anna, raising her hands in exasperation. Why are you doing this to us? Our families must be worried sick.
Martin sneered. Really? You think your husband, the one who gave you a black eye, is worried about where you are at the moment? Or Tara, do you really think anyone is missing you? Face it, nobody even knows youre missing, and if they do, theyre not going to be searching for you in the next couple of days.
My parents will be worried, I protested, wondering how he knew so much about our personal lives. Theyre definitely going to know that something is very wrong.
Well, maybe your boyfriend can tell them youve been kidnapped. Hmm? said Martin.
I glared at him. What in the heck is wrong with you? Dont you realize what youre doing is illegal? Youre going to go to jail unless you let us go!
Brandon chuckled. The little one amuses me. Thats the one who almost got the best of you? he asked.
She fights dirty, replied Martin.
I fight dirty? I snapped, clenching my jaw. Youre the one who kidnapped all of us. You cant get much dirtier than that.
He grinned. You have a point.
I stared at him incredulously. You act like this is some kind of game. A woman has died and you are acting like its no big deal. Youve got some serious issues.
The smile fell from his face. Behave and well let you out of the barn tonight. You can leave here and never look back. If you try and escape beforehand, however, youll fail, his eyes narrowed, and die quite painfully.
His words made my stomach clench tightly. As insane as it sounded, death was obviously within reason with these guys.
If you promise to let us go, said Anna, Ill cooperate. As long as I know that thing upstairs is restrained somehow.
Youre safe down here, replied Martin, looking up towards the loft. Thats all you have to remember.
Tara snorted. And we should trust you?
Whether you do or not is completely up to you. I dont think you have much choice though, do you? stated Martin.
She clenched her jaw and looked away.
Remember, obey us and youll be free to leave the barn later, said Brandon, walking towards the door.
What about Glorias body? asked Anna.
Martin and Brandon looked at each other.
Well take care of it, said Martin. Later.
Now would be better, said Tara.
Im sure it would, said Brandon, laughing.
I watched as the two men left and locked us inside once again, wondering if we should have tried making a run for it or tried rushing them as a team.   
This is crazy, said Amy. I just dont get it. Why would they keep us in here just to let us go without expecting something?
Oh, they expect something, said Anna, her forehead wrinkling. We just dont know what it is yet.
Okay, is it me, or are those two of the whitest people on this planet, said Tara. I dont want to sound racist or anything, but theyre so damn white, they glow.
It is kind of creepy, said Amy. My skin has always been pale but they make me appear tan. Maybe theyre sick?
I walked over to the girl with the pink hair and knelt down beside her. She was looking pretty pale herself and I wondered if she was even alive. Maybe theyre albino, I said, reaching out to touch her forehead.
Her eyes popped open and she backed away in terror.
Wait, I said, smiling reassuringly. Im not going to hurt you.
Where am I? she asked, her eyes darting around.
Youve been kidnapped, I replied. Just like us.
Kidnapped? she squeaked. Ive been kidnapped?
I nodded. Unfortunately. Do you remember anything?
Um, yeah I Oh, God, her green eyes filled with tears. I was at this club with my boyfriend, Danny, and we got into this major fight. I left him at the club and started walking home when this man approached me from out of nowhere and thats all I really remember.
He brought you here, I said, standing up. He brought all of us here.
She looked around at all of us. But, why?
That is the question, I replied.
Chapter Four

We took turns sleeping and guarding each other. When the sun rose, the barn started getting warmer and within a couple of hours, the scent of Glorias dead body was so pungent, my stomach began to roll.
Poor Gloria, said Anna, shaking her head sadly. She must have been so terrified.
Tara stood and walked to the barn door. She grabbed the handle and tried pulling at it. Poor Gloria? Poor us shes dead and were still trapped in here. With it.
I glanced up towards the loft uneasily, wondering if it was awake.
Clenching her jaw, Tara smacked the wood with the palm of her hand several times. Dammit, I just cant take it anymore! she growled, turning back towards us. I mean, really, we shouldnt just sit around here and do nothing! Make it easy for them? You know theyre not going to just let us go.
Exactly, I agreed. Why would they go through all of this trouble?
Maybe theyve sent ransom letters to our families, said Amy. 
Is your family rich? I asked.
She shook her head.
Well, either is mine. I doubt this is for money, I replied.
My mama is so broke, she cant even afford to pay rent next month, muttered Tara. If these guys are doing it for money, theyd better change careers cause they dont know what theyre doing.
Marie, the girl with the pink hair, moved next to Tara. Not to change the subject, but have you guys tried throwing all of your weight against it at once?
Yes, several times last night, said Anna. 
I walked over to the barn door. Lets at least try again. Its better than doing nothing.
Thats what Ive been saying, said Tara. We have to keep trying and not just give up.
Marie, Tara, and I tried pushing and even kicking at the door several times, but just like Anna had said, the door appeared to be impenetrable. 
Marie turned around and stared up by the loft. Hey, theres an open window up there. She started walking towards the ladder.
No! I yelled, grabbing her arm. Theres something up there. Its too dangerous.
Marie looked at me like I was nuts. What are you talking about?   
Havent you been paying attention? asked Tara incredulously. Theres a dead body up there. Why do you think it smells so bad in here? Nobody living can produce that kind of stench.  
A dead body? she asked, backing up. She stood up on her tiptoes. Where? I dont see anything.
I backed up too and noticed in shock that the body had indeed disappeared.
Seriously. Did anyone notice that Glorias body was missing? asked Tara.
Nobody answered.
Dead body or not, I need to get out of this place, said Marie, pacing. My dads going to ground me for a month if he notices that I never made it home last night.
Marie, if you make it out of here, youre going to embrace being grounded, said Anna, smiling grimly. And Im sure your dad will understand when he finds out that you were kidnapped.
I doubt it. Hes always yelling and screaming at me, she muttered, kicking at some dirt with her high-tops. Hell, hell probably tell me that I deserved it since I was out last night and should have been home doing homework.
Nobody deserves this, I said, trying to see if I could catch a glimpse of Glorias body above. The sun was shining down into the cracks of the barn and it no longer seemed as ominous. I wondered if the thing had left.
Still, Ive got to get out of here. Has anyone seen a pitchfork lying around? The barns in the movies all have pitchforks lying around somewhere.
Jesus, girl, this isnt a damn movie, huffed Tara, leaning back against the barn door. She folded her arms under her chest. Obviously, they didnt leave us with anything we could use against them.
Marie bit her lower lip and began moving towards the ladder once more. Still, we have to try the loft window. Its our only chance of escaping.  
Dont, Marie. Theres some kind of animal up there. It killed Gloria, said Amy, her eyes wide. If you go up there, youre going to get hurt.
Marie began climbing the ladder. Seriously, though, I dont see or hear anything. Whatever was up there is long gone.
I grabbed her ankle. Please, listen to us. Even our kidnappers told us not to go up there.
She tilted her head. Well, duh thats because they dont want any of us to escape, she said, looking down at me. Just chill out, you guys. Ill be fine. Im really good with animals, anyway. My Uncle Tom used to raise dogs that were interbred with wolves. She smiled. He called me the dog whisperer.
I dont think theres a dog up there. Now, just come back down here before you get hurt, I pleaded.  
Before she could answer, there was a noise outside of the barn door and then two men wearing overalls and holding shotguns entered.
What the hell you doing, girl? asked the older man with a scowl on his face. He was short, with long stringy white hair and neglected brownish-yellow teeth. He spit out a wad of chew. Didnt they warn ya to stay away from the loft?
Marie jumped off the ladder. Uh, sorry.
The younger man had a receding hairline and appeared to be in his forties with gaunt cheeks and red-rimmed eyes. He looked like he either had a bad hangover or was sickly. Come on now, he muttered in a gruff voice. Youre all supposed to follow us into the house.
Why? asked Tara, glaring at the men.
You want to eat, dont cha? he snapped impatiently. Now dont ask questions and do what youre told. We aint going to hurt you unless you give us a reason to. Got it? 
Okay, said Anna. Well do what you want. Please, just dont shoot anyone.
Listen, said Marie. I really have to get home. My dad is gonna freak out when he realizes Im not there.
The older man raised his gun. Our orders are to feed you and nothing else.
Those men kidnapped us and broke the law, I said. You have to help us.
Save your breath, missy, said the older man, his eyes hardening. We aint lettin you go. Shit, if we did, our lives would be in danger. Now, get your butts moving so we can feed you, like they told us to.
The fact that he was actually scared of the other two men wasnt lost on me. Take us to the nearest police station and well all be safe.
Were safe, interrupted the younger man, scowling. If you dont start moving your butts, you wont be. Now, git.
Frustrated but relieved that we were leaving the barn, I followed the others, wondering if anyone was thinking about making a run for it. When we stepped outside into the fresh air, however, my heart sunk  we were in the middle of nowhere, just like on one of those freaky horror movies where there is nothing but land and a spooky old farmhouse, which we were now being herded towards. 
Dont any of you try any funny stuff, the younger man warned, walking behind me. Ill shoot any one of your asses from here to the cornfield.
Feeling anxious and tense, I followed Anna up the rickety steps leading to the porch and entered the house with the others. As we walked into the foyer, the smell of cooked meat made my stomach growl. 
This way towards the dining room, said the old man, leading the way. 
As we walked through the darkened house, I noticed that the windows were covered with thick curtains and the furniture, which looked old and worn, had all been covered with sheets. It was definitely a house that didnt seem lived in.
It made everything that much more eerie.
When we reached the dining room, we all stopped and stared in surprise at the long oak table, which held a large turkey and all of the trimmings.
Wow, said Amy, biting her lower lip. Is this really for us?
Yeah, go sit down, said the younger man, nudging me forward.
Stunned, I sat down and stared at the large quantity of food spread before us  turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing, bread, and even a bowl of cranberries. My mouth began to water.
What, no gravy? mumbled Tara.
Just shut your yap and start eating, said the older man.
This is just weird, whispered Amy, sitting next to me. Who kidnaps someone and then feeds them like this? I dont like it.
I know, I replied, wondering myself. It just didnt make any sense.
So, now youre going to poison us? remarked Tara, sitting across from me. Is that what this is about? 
Nothings wrong with this food, girl, said the older man. He leaned over the table and grabbed one of the turkey legs. See, he said, tearing at a piece of meat with his teeth. Its good, he said, with his mouth full. Now eat before it gets cold.
Who made this food? asked Marie, sitting down on the other side of me.
Never you mind, missy, replied the old man, dropping strands of turkey from his mouth as he talked. Just eat.
Why dont you join us? said Anna, staring at the younger man. Obviously theres enough food here for an army.
No, were just supposed to make sure you eat, he replied, although he was staring at the food hungrily. 
Well, Im not eating any of this until I know its not poisoned, said Tara, folding her hands under her chest. Id rather die from your gun than get poisoned by potatoes. Would be much quicker.
Go on, Darnell, said the older man, picking at something between his teeth. Dig in.
Darnell bit his lower lip. Well, if you think we wont get in any trouble, Clement
Hell, were gonna get in trouble if they dont eat, said the old man. He tossed the turkey leg behind him and wiped his hands on his overalls. Now, grab a plate of food and show them that the food is fine.
Darnell wasted no time. He took a plate and began filling it with heaping portions of food, and then sat down at the other end of the long oak table, his gun close to his side.
The smell of the food was really getting to me and my stomach growled loudly again.
Thats good enough evidence for me, said Marie, grabbing a plate of her own as Darnell began shoveling food into his mouth. I havent had this kind of food since my grandma died years ago.
I stared at the food hungrily, but the niggling voice inside wouldnt let me grab a plate. 
Hey, said the old man, motioning towards the food. Whatcha waiting for, Red?
I despised being called Red. My hair was more brown than red, but it never seemed to matter. Resisting the urge to snap back at him, I replied slowly, Im not feeling very well. Kind of nauseous, actually.
Youll feel better if you eat something, he replied, staring at me with his watery gray eyes. 
I dont think so, I answered, slouching down in the chair. Im feeling pretty bad.
Clement cocked the gun and pointed it at me. Trust me, you have no idea how bad youre gonna feel if you dont eat.
More angry than scared, I clenched my jaw, grabbed a plate, and began filling it with food.
He lowered the gun.  
Just then, there was the sound of a grandfather clock chiming in a nearby room. The two men looked at each other uneasily.
So, what happened to the other two guys? asked Tara, pushing the stuffing and turkey around on her plate with her fork. Did they crawl back to their holes?
Id watch my mouth if I was you, said Clement. Those fellers arent the kind you want to piss off.
Taras cocked an eyebrow and sneered. You mean the kind of sicko pricks who enjoy torturing innocent people?
I thought shed nailed it on the head, but Clement shook his head. Theyre much worse than that. Now, shut your trap and eat before they get back to the house.
She put her fork down. Why are you so worried about us eating? I just dont get that.
Cause we were ordered to make sure you eat, said Clement. So eat.
Ordered or paid to threaten and torture innocent women and children? I muttered, glaring up at him.
His lips thinned. Looky here, we havent tortured any of you
Clement, warned Darnell. Enough.
Clement let out a ragged sigh. Just eat your food, dammit, and quit asking questions.
  Sighing myself, I stuck a forkful of turkey into my mouth. 
Um, I have to use the bathroom, said Marie, who seemed to be playing with her food.
Oh, hell, said Darnell, putting his fork down. Why does this not surprise me?
Please, she said, smiling sheepishly. Im sorry, I just cant help it.
Fine. Anyone else need to go? he asked, standing up. 
We all raised our hands. 
Women, muttered Clement. Okay, one at a time. Ill watch the ones at the table while you bring em to the toilet.
Okay. Lets go. You first, said Darnell, waving his gun at Marie.
Something in her eyes told me she was planning to do more than pee. Wait, I said, pushing myself away from the table. We should go two at a time. It will be much quicker.
Darnell eyed me suspiciously.
I tilted my head. What? Do you think were going to try and escape down the toilet together or something?
Tara snorted.
He gave me a dirty look.
Come on. Going together makes much more sense, doesnt it? I prodded. Itll take half the time.
He relented. Fine.
I stepped away from the table and he moved behind the both of us, his gun near the back of my neck. Down the hall to the right, he ordered. Then up the stairs. Keep your voices down.
I followed Marie to a dilapidated staircase, which was old and creaked with every step. When we reached the top, it was dark. Its down there. Keep your voices down or youll regret it.
When we reached the bathroom, we closed the door, separating him from us.
Marie leaned against the doorway and sighed.
I put my finger to my lips and walked to the window. It was small, but definitely escapable. I tried pushing it open, but it wouldnt budge.
Whats going on in there? whispered Darnell as Marie and I stared at each other. Its too quiet.
Jesus, can I take my jeans off? Marie hollered back.
Shh he answered. 
Marie stared down at the toilet, which was surprisingly clean. Did anyone ever tell this guy that its impolite and more than a little weird to listen to someone trying to go potty?
Just do it, he grunted from the outside of the door.
She smirked. Itd be a lot easier without a guy listening in.
I tried the window again, this time with success.
Sorry, Emily, lied Marie loudly. I must have eaten something really bad. This is going to take a few minutes. Back up, Darnell, or youre going to be in for a real unpleasant treat.
Biting back a smile, I stuck my head out of the window and wondered if breaking a leg would be worth trying to escape.
It was a long way down.
Go, she whispered into my ear.
Taking a deep breath, I pulled myself out of the window and started crawling down the lower section of the roof. When I reached the edge, I sighed in relief, it wasnt as high up as Id originally thought. I turned and lowered my body, until I was hanging from the edge. I then dropped down onto the porch, followed by Marie, who was now sporting a pair of sunglasses.
Come on, she said, pulling me forward. 
As we started running, I could hear Darnell screaming from the bathroom window.
Bye, suckers! laughed Marie as we ran away from the house and towards the fields.
What about the others? I hollered, looking back. We cant just leave them!
We have to. Well get help send someone to rescue them. Come on, before its too late! 
We ran as fast as we could away from the house, next to the dirt road leading away from the farm. It seemed to go on for miles and as I looked ahead, I knew wed be caught if we didnt get away from the open road.
We need to go into the woods, I pointed towards the trees up ahead. Otherwise, theyll catch us for sure.
Okay, she huffed.
Just as we made it to the cover of the trees, we heard an engine in the distance.
Keep going, Marie! I prodded.
Wait! she gasped, as she was lagging farther behind. 
I glanced back.
She held her side. I should have never started smoking!
Just keep running and dont look back, I hollered, as we headed deeper into the woods.
Yeah sure where are we going? she gasped out.
Im not sure, I yelled back, leaping over a large branch. But we have to keep moving!
Wait! cried Marie.
Groaning, I stopped and turned around.
She was bent over with her hands on her knees, panting. Yeah I just have to catch my breath.
I stared past her towards the direction of the road, expecting Darnell to come barreling through the trees.
Do you think he saw us? she asked.
Probably. We really need to keep moving.
She straightened up. Okay.
We started running again, going even deeper into the woods. Once I thought we were fairly safe, I stopped to rest.
Where are we? she asked, leaning her palm against a birch tree.
I dont know, I replied, looking around. It was hard to see anything with so many tall trees. I couldnt even tell if we were headed towards the mountains. 
She frowned. Great, were lost.
Well, its certainly better than being a prisoner.
She closed her eyes and touched the bridge of her nose. God, my dad is going to flip out.
Would you quit worrying about him? I said. Hes the least of your worries right now.
Oh, if you knew him, youd say differently. He can be a real monster.
Come on. Lets just get moving.
What if were heading farther into the wilderness? We could get really lost.
I bit my lower lip. 
She was right. The deeper we went, the higher our risk of bumping into something a lot scarier than our captors  bears, mountain lion, even moose. There was no way wed be able to defend ourselves against them.
Maybe we should wait here for a while and then head back the way we came before sunset. When its dark, we can follow the dirt road to the nearest town, said Marie.
Wherever that may be. Something tells me Im a long way from home.
Where are you from? she asked.
Missoula.
Im from Polson.
I wonder where we are? 
Im not sure, she replied with a smirk. I left my map at home.
I grunted. 
You okay? she asked.
Im just so thirsty. What about you?
Me too, she replied.
I wiped the sweat from my forehead. We need to find water.
Even if we do, its probably not safe to drink anything not bottled or out of a tap.
She was probably right. Maybe, but we need to stay hydrated.
It was warm, in the eighties, we hadnt drunk anything for hours, and wed just run what felt like a marathon. I needed to find something to drink  and soon.
I wiped more sweat from my face and noticed that I was feeling dizzy. I dont feel well.
Marie stepped closer. Her forehead wrinkled. Youre very pale. You should sit down.
I swallowed. Yeah, youre right. Just for a little while it wont hurt, I suppose. I staggered over to a large tree and slid down until I was leaning against the base of the tree. 
She walked over to me and knelt down. Dont worry. Rest. Ill keep watch.
My eyes felt heavy. Okay. Thanks.
Marie touched my shoulder and squeezed it. Just rest, she repeated, staring into my eyes. Sleep.
Yeah. Okay, I whispered, falling asleep.
Chapter Five

I opened my eyes. It was dark and all I could hear were crickets chirping in the shadows and leaves blowing in the trees.
As I blinked and stared in confusion, everything came rushing back. Martin, the barn, Glorias body in the loft, escaping from the rooftop with Marie.
Marie, I croaked, my throat sore.
She didnt answer.
I stood up and shivered. The temperature had to have fallen by at least twenty degrees.
Marie? I whispered loudly, brushing at a small spider on my sleeve.
Where in the hell was Marie?
Something moved in the bushes ahead of me and I froze. I stared at it for a few seconds, holding my breath.
Probably a squirrel or small animal, I told myself. 
Hoping that I was just being paranoid and Marie had also fallen asleep somewhere nearby, I began searching for her.
Marie, I called out again, my voice echoing in the night.
The moon was full but the darkness made it hard to see much of anything. I called out for her a couple more times as I walked around, but she didnt answer. After a while, I began to wonder if shed decided to abandon me, or worse  shed wandered gotten lost.  
Just then, the sound of twigs snapping made me jump. I whipped around, but found myself alone.
I released my breath and told myself to calm down. It was a forest and there were small animals everywhere. I began walking again, praying that I was headed in the right direction, whichever that was.
Emily.
Alarmed, I stopped and looked around, unsure if Id imagined the voice. A gust of wind blew my hair and I brushed off the sound, blaming it on the wind and my overactive imagination. 
Shivering, I shoved my hands into my sweatshirt pockets and began walking through the woods again. After a few steps, however, something made me look up into the trees. A pair of reddish-orange eyes stared back down at me and I gasped in horror. 
That was not an owl.
Terrified, I began to run.
Emily
This time there was no doubt in my mind that someone or something was calling my name. The voice was eerie, with an almost feminine quality.
I pushed myself forward, the blood rushing to my ears as the voice called my name again, this time followed by mocking laughter.
You cant escape
Scared to death, I choked back a sob and kept running, my legs moving faster than Id have ever thought possible. Soon my eyes filled with tears, making it harder for me to see, and before I could blink them away, I tripped over something on the ground and flew forward onto my knees. 
Emily
I scrambled back onto my feet, trying to ignore the throbbing in my left knee, but the hot intensity of the pain was overwhelming.
How did that feel?
I turned around to find Martin staring at me, his eyes like hot cinders. He stepped towards me. Funny how we keep meeting at night.
I backed away from him. Dont you fucking come near me!
Such foul language, he said with a chuckle.
I mean it, Martin. Im not afraid of you, and Im certainly not going to let you take me back to that barn.
He sighed. Come on now. You disobeyed, Emily. Now you have to learn to deal with the consequences.
Look, you cant just kidnap someone and expect them not to try and escape.
He didnt say anything, just stared at me quietly. Expecting me to obey him.
Fuck it.
I turned around and started limping away. Twenty steps later, I found him blocking my path.  
How had he gotten in front of me?
Surprise, he said, grinning smugly. See, you cant possibly escape. So why even bother running? I mean limping. 
Sick of his arrogance, I clenched my fists and decided that I wasnt going to go down without a fight. So now what? I hollered. Youre going to teach me a lesson by killing me?
His eyes glittered in the darkness. If it were left to me, I wouldnt, but...
Whats wrong with your eyes? I interrupted. They were beginning to glow an eerie reddish-orange color.   
He took a step towards me. You know, your fire intrigues me, he said, reaching forward. He put his finger under my chin and raised it. Its exciting, actually.
I felt like I was in a trance as he caressed the side of my cheek with the pad of his finger.
Truth is, Im not quite sure what to do with you, he whispered, eyeing me appraisingly. 
I swallowed hard.
His lips curved up and something warm and delicious ignited deep within me as our eyes held. It spread from my pelvis all the way to my fingertips. 
Whats happening? I whispered, my legs turning to jelly. 
He put a hand around my waist to hold me up and slid the other one behind my neck. Dont fight it, he whispered, staring into my eyes. 
I couldnt understand what was happening. A minute ago I wanted to get as far away from him as possible. Now, thoughts of his lips on mine made me tingle all over. As if he could read my thoughts, he lowered his mouth towards mine and I held my breath. 
Emily, he said in a husky voice. Your scent is driving me crazy. I dont know whether to kiss you or
Kiss me, I whispered, anticipating his mouth, hungry for it.
Stop! ordered a strong voice behind us.
Martin growled and released me.
I fell to the ground.
What in the hell are you doing? snapped Marie angrily, staring at Martin. 
He put his hands behind his back and stood with his legs apart, glaring at her in silence.
Marie! I gasped, standing up. Thank God youre okay! She turned to me and I noticed in shock that her eyes were glowing the same way Martins had just moments ago. 
She smiled coldly and turned back to Martin. Im fine. But Ill be better after I feed. Obviously theres been a holdup.
Feed? 
Forget this one, said Martin in a clipped voice. Let me have her.
Marie snorted. Oh, youd like that, wouldnt you? Keep her as a pet?
What in the hell is going on? I asked, my eyes darting between the two of them. 
You know the rules, said Marie, ignoring me. Shes mine.
Realizing now that Marie wasnt exactly who she said she was, and obviously a bigger threat than Martin, I moved closer to him.
Martin swore under his breath. Im sorry, Emily. Youd better run. I wish there was something I could do.
I stared at him in confusion. Do? About what? 
Martin, warned Marie. 
He clenched his jaw. Please, get out of here. Now.
Marie smiled broadly, her teeth glowing in the darkness. Yes, run away. I live for the hunt. Its much more fun.
I stared at the fangs between her lips in disbelief. 
Fangs?
Listen, Ill give you a thirty-second head start, she said. And there will be no help from Martin. Im telling my father, by the way. When hes recovered fully.
He rolled his eyes. Your threats dont frighten me, Celeste.
I looked at her. Celeste?
Marie is my middle name. She wrinkled her nose. By the way, why are you still here?
I have to be dreaming, I thought. Its the only thing that made sense. 
Not needing any more prodding, I turned and began limping through the woods, away from the strange couple, convinced that any minute Id wake up in my bed. Obviously, sleeping in a new place and a late-night snack of peanut butter had corrupted my dreams, giving me nightmares. 
I clenched my jaw as the pain in my knee grew worse. 
Strange, I never remembered feeling pain in any of my other dreams.  
As these thoughts ran through my head, I noticed a structure up ahead, past the trees. With a renewed surge of hope, I made a beeline towards it, certain that things had to get start getting better. My hope was soon squashed, however, when I realized where in the hell I was. 
No, I gasped in disbelief.
Id somehow backtracked and ended up at the barn. 
Trying not to panic, I looked around the property, noticing the house was lit up like a Christmas tree. I wondered if the others were still alive, but I was too chicken to find out. Injured and thirsty, I couldnt be of much help to anyone at the moment.
Wincing as another hot rush of pain seared through my knee, I decided to hide in the barn before Martin and Marie, or whatever her damn name was, found me. Obviously, they were both nuts.
I peeked inside of the barn. It was dark and appeared empty. As I limped inside, I heard a soft moan and froze.
Help me, a girls voice pleaded.
I stared up towards the loft. Tara?
She didnt answer.
Taking a deep breath, I walked over to the ladder. Dont worry, Im coming to help you.
Emily, she moaned. Help me.
I started climbing the ladder, wondering exactly what I was going to find above. Fairly certain that it was still a dream and that nothing could really hurt me, I willed myself up each step. When I reached the top and looked over the edge, I saw her.
Tara? 
She was lying down on her back, her head facing the wall. 
Hey, I whispered, crawling over the edge and onto the wooden platform. Are you okay?
She didnt answer.
Wondering if shed fallen asleep, I crawled over to her. Tara, I whispered, touching her shoulder.
She turned her face to me and I gasped in horror.
I cant tell you how happy I am to see you, she said, smiling broadly.
I stared down at her glowing red eyes and sharp teeth that were definitely inhuman. Ohmygod! Tara, what did they do to you? 
Her hand snaked out and grabbed my throat. Im so hungry, Emily, she said, her eyes glowing even brighter. Please understand that this isnt anything personal.
I tried prying her fingers away from my neck, but I couldnt.  
She smiled. I know, right? Im so freaking strong now. Its amazing. 
Frightened and hysterical, I tried scratching at her eyes, but she was fast, blocking all of my attempts. We started rolling around and soon she was on top, staring down at me with triumph. Well, its been real.
I tried flipping her off of me, but she held me in place with thighs that were incredibly powerful. Please, I gasped. 
You shouldnt have tried escaping without me, she said, baring her fangs. Although, Im not really complaining much. I had an awesome time with Brandon. That guy knows his way around a girl; you know what Im saying?
I didnt have a clue.
Unable to move, I closed my eyes and prayed that this was still just part of a nightmare. Mercifully, before her teeth ripped into my neck, my prayers were answered. 
Well, almost.  
Her hands released me and I opened my eyes to find Marie holding Tara by the throat over the edge of the loft. Taras eyes were bulging as she tried unwrapping Maries fingers from her throat as she hung helplessly.
Nobody steals from me, growled Marie.
I scooted away on the ground, but something grabbed me from behind. 
No! I screamed, flailing my arms and legs.
This ones a fighter to the bitter end, said the man holding me, his voice raspy. He tightened his grip and pulled my hair away from my neck. Oh, but the scent of her fear is delicious.
Marie dropped Tara, whod passed out, over the edge and turned towards us. Daddy, youre awake.
Lucky for me. Tara fed from me while I slept, he growled angrily. Good thing I woke up before she got too far. I almost killed her, but this one walked into the barn before I could finish the job.
She scowled. How did Tara change?
He sighed. Apparently, Brandon had his way with her.
Brandon? she fumed. Are you sure it wasnt Martin?
Oh, it was Brandon. I heard her tell this one, he said, sniffing my neck.
I shuddered.
Dont worry  Ill take care of him once I feed. Nobody cheats on my daughter.
Please, let me go, I begged. 
Youre still not fully healed, she replied, ignoring me. Her eyes softened. Why dont you have this one?
Oh, I plan on it, he said. But dont worry, Celeste. Well get you fed before we reach Shore Lake.
My eyes filled with tears. Please, let me go.
Celeste, or whatever her name was, walked over and kneeled next to me. You should be honored, she said, wiping a tear from my cheek. Your blood will help daddy regain the rest of his strength. 
I glared at her. You people are all crazy.
She tilted her head and smiled. Poor thing you still dont get it, do you?
My eyes narrowed. No. Why dont you enlighten me?
Her eyes left mine and moved to her father. Daddy? Why dont you show her?
He released me and I scooted away. When I turned around and finally had my first glimpse of the creature holding me, I gasped in revulsion.
He smiled coldly. Hows this for enlightenment?
Although he had dark hair and bright blue eyes, it was the only thing humanly recognizable. With his lack of skin and organs exposed, he reminded me of something Id seen in a science book  a body without skin.
I shuddered in revulsion.
This is what happens when youre doused with gasoline and lit on fire, he rasped. Yes, people actually did this to me on purpose. His eyes narrowed. Your father, being one of them.
I stared at him in disbelief. My father?
Marie laughed coldly. Your father, Taras father, Amys uncle, and Annas husband. Oh, and Glorias husband. You never got the chance to meet her. Daddy did, though, didnt you?
Yes. Unfortunately, she just wasnt enough to fix all of this damage, he said, looking down at himself. Hopefully, your blood along with the others will do the trick.
I had nothing to do with this, I protested, wishing Id just wake up soon. This dream was disturbing and not getting any better.
No, but your fathers platoon did and I had to suffer being buried alive. If it wasnt for my children finding me He coughed several times. 
Daddy? said Celeste.
He cleared his throat and raised his hand. Im okay. After several seconds, his eyes drifted back to mine. I had to endure twenty years of being trapped underground. You have no idea how something like that can destroy a mans will to live. He closed his eyes. How many times a day, I prayed for death and asked for Gods mercy. Well, my prayers were ignored. He opened his eyes. The only other thing that kept me sane was planning my revenge the last few years. Vengeance against those who buried me alive.
I swallowed. Vengeance? You mean, killing innocent people.
Unfortunately, yes. I agree youre all innocent, but losing you will hurt your father more than his own death.
Theres another way.
We all turned to see Martin standing next to the loft window.
What do you mean? asked the ghoulish creature. 
He tried killing you because of what you are. What if we make his daughter a Roamer too? said Martin.
A Roamer? 
No! hollered Celeste. You just want her for yourself, thats why youre coming up with this nonsense.
His eyes flickered to me. I wont lie, I fancy Emily. But, still think about it. She will become what he tried to destroy. he smiled. Its poetic justice.
He sighed. Son
Martin moved closer. Father, Ive never asked for much. You know that.
Thats because he hasnt seen you in twenty years, muttered Celeste.
As they argued my fate, I looked around the barn, wondering what I was going to do. There was no way Id allow them to make me a Roamer, whatever the hell that meant. And dying well obviously that had to be far worse and more painful.
I thought about my overprotective father and it was obvious how he figured into this dream. After everything Id seen, and now hearing this nonsense of how the creature before me had been buried alive for twenty years, I was now fully convinced that I was sleeping. 
Well, it was time to wake up.
Okay, I said, standing up. This is the longest nightmare Ive ever had and well Im really sick of being in it.
They all stared at me.
I sighed. Look, I have a lot of things to do before school starts  unpacking, grocery shopping, finding a part-time job. Anyway, its been interesting, but I really need to wake up, so, I turned towards the edge of the loft. Im waking up.
Emily! hollered Martin.
Ignoring him, I stepped off the ledge and dropped, expecting to wake up in my warm bed.
Instead I landed with a loud thud. 
The pain was excruciating at first. And then, there was nothing.
Martin flew down from the loft and kneeled next to me. He touched my arm, but I couldnt feel anything.
Oh, Emily, he sighed.
I tried to speak, but couldnt.
Is she alive? asked Celeste, staring down at me.
Yes, I am!
Shes blinking, said Martin, his eyes softening. 
Look at the way she landed. She probably shattered every bone in her body, said Celeste.
I didnt hear his answer because everything went black.
Chapter Six

I opened my eyes and heaved a huge sigh of relief. 
Thank God, I said, sitting up in bed. I chuckled and stood up. No more peanut butter before bed. Never again.
Hell, the thought of peanut butter almost made me nauseous. 
My cell phone rang.
I walked over to my dresser and picked it up. 
My dad.
Hi, dad.
Where in the hell have you been? he growled. 
In bed, sleeping? I replied, rolling my eyes. I looked at my alarm clock and it was only nine-thirty in the morning. I guess I slept in a little.
Dont be a smartass, he said. Your mother and I have been worried sick about you. Jesus, we almost took a trip back out there to make sure you were okay. But we promised to give you your space and oh, hell, maybe this apartment was a mistake.
What are you talking about? I asked. 
Have you checked your phone lately?
No, I just woke up. I had a late night.
I guess. Look, weve left you several messages the last couple of days and heard nothing from you. Your poor mother has been on the brink of a nervous breakdown not hearing back from you.
Last couple of days? I asked, confused.
Yeah, its Saturday.
I paused. Did he just really say Saturday?
Emily.
Uh, yeah
Are you okay? he asked. You arent doing drugs now, are you?
No! I protested. 
Your mother wants to talk to you.
She got on the phone. Whats going on, Emily?
Uh, nothing. Im fine, I lied.
Do you want us to come and get you?
No, I said, rubbing the bridge of my nose. Mom, Im fine. Look, I have to go to the bathroom. Ill call you guys back in an hour or so.
Okay, honey. Are you sure youre okay?
No.
Was it really Saturday?
Am I still dreaming?
Yes, Im fine.
Okay. Call us back as soon as you can, dear.
I will.
I love you, honey.
I love you, too, mom.
We hung up and I looked at my phone. Sure enough, it showed Saturday and several missed calls.
Dazed, I shuffled to the bathroom and turned on the light.
What the hell? I whispered, staring at my pale face. 
Scratch that, it wasnt just pale, it was ghostly white.
I leaned closer and studied my emerald eyes, which seemed unusually bright.
Okay, Im still dreaming, I said out loud.
I touched my cheek and it was cool. 
Okay, wake up, I said, pinching my cheeks, hard. Come on.
I winced. Okay, Im not sleeping.
Was I sick? That made sense. It would explain a lot and I had to admit, my throat was a little scratchy. 
I opened my mouth to check my tongue and screamed out loud.
Fangs!?
Oh, my God, I gasped, touching them. The tips were sharp. Sharp enough to sink into someones throat. To drink their blood. 
My stomach growled hungrily.
Horrified, I slid down to my knees and began to cry.

The End
 
***

If you enjoyed this story, check out the Night Roamers series. It features some of the same characters and the first installment, Blur, is always free. 


 

Warning- This book contains some language, violence, and sexual situations recommended for ages seventeen and older. 

Danger lurks in the dead of night... 

Seventeen year old Nikki and her twin brother, Nathan, move to the small town of Shore Lake to start over after their mother is brutally attacked. When a missing teenager washes up on shore during their first night at the cabin and there are whispers of vampires in Shore Lake, Nikki begins to realize that there are things roaming in the darkness that are far more sinister than what they left behind in the city. 



 











 


Violent
By C.J. Pinard
Copyright 2013 C.J. Pinard

This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writers imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales, or organizations is entirely coincidental.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.














The Prelude

Do you believe in love at first sight? I dont. I thought I did at one time, the one time I have actually been in love, but of course hindsight is always twenty/twenty, and I soon realized notions like that are just crap. You are probably already thinking Im a skeptic  well, I am. Ive earned the right to be one, I believe, but you can be the judge of that.
Theres really no easy way to describe what Ive been through. You may think this is a tale about revenge, forgiveness, or even reconciliation, but it is not. Its a story about violence, plain and simple. When youve endured something so horrific that people are still talking about it ten years later, you know youve been through quite the doozy. My name is Evan Grant, and while it kills me to put it out there  no pun intended  this is the story of how I died.


CHAPTER 1

There wasnt much to her, yet every chance I got, I stared at her from across the classroom. Thank God I sat behind her, or she would have pegged me as a creep for sure. But I wasnt a creep. I was a shy college sophomore who had barely got to second-base in high school. I was determined to leave college having hit a homerun.
Very studious, this one. She sat up very straight in her chair, her eyes seemingly intent and focused on the teacher. She would occasionally fidget with her deep auburn curls or take out the gum shed been chewing and wrap it in a wad of either tissue or an old receipt shed pulled from her purse. Guess I am a bit stalkerific if Id noticed these things so intently. Her name was Karina Walsh and I was about ninety-nine percent sure she didnt know my name, and wouldnt even recognize me as a fellow student out on the street.
Physics was a complete and utter bore. It doesnt seem like I would get As and Bs in such a hard class, but I did. It was boring to me because it was easy. I rarely listened to the lectures, and the homework was almost like the physics I did in high school, so it wasnt much of a challenge. The only challenge I was gonna face in class this semester was summoning up the courage to speak to Karina Walsh.
The buzzer sounded and Professor McNalley announced to the class that there would be a pop quiz on Thursday when we returned. Oh, yippee. I couldnt wait. (That was sarcasm, by the way). I barely heard him as Karina exited her seat and headed in my direction. She didnt make eye contact, she actually seemed a bit distracted; no, not distracted, she looked worried. There was a crease down the middle of her forehead that extended between her pretty blue eyes and she was gently biting the side of her lip.
Its now or never, I told myself. I might be able to capitalize on her angst and see if I could help with whatever was bothering her. I bet it was the pop quiz. Just those two little words seem to strike fear in the hearts of students everywhere. I chuckled internally, as I couldnt care less about the stupid quiz.
I was up and out of my seat as she headed toward me, but she suddenly took a right down another aisle of seats and bee-lined straight for the door. I rushed behind her, trying to think of what to say, but words escaped me. I filed out behind her, the smell of strawberries wafting off of her. 
As she turned to make her way down the hall, I lightly touched her shoulder. Excuse me?
She turned around, that worried furrow still on her brow, but it gradually dissipated into what I assumed was a forced, polite smile. Yes?
Now that we were standing face-to-face, I noticed how tall she was. Im about five-foot-ten, and she wasnt much shorter. I glanced down at her feet and saw she was wearing those little flat shoes. You know, the ones that look like ballerina shoes? Nice legs, though. I lifted my eyes to hers, expectant and waiting for a response. Um, Im sorry to bother you, but I couldnt help but notice you looked a little upset as we left the class. Are you worried about the pop quiz? Because I could help you study, if you want. I mean, Im pretty good at physics, and I get As, normally
A genuine smile this time lit up her face, amusement dancing in her eyes. She let out a small laugh. No, Im not fretting over the quiz, no worries there. I have other issues, personal issues. Her smile started to fade, and I didnt like that.
Oh, I replied lamely. Think of something quick. Well, if you ever need a study partner, Im happy to help. I shifted my backpack to my other shoulder nervously.
She smiled again. Im Karina, by the way.
Evan. I put my hand out, and looking amused, she shook it. Her hand was soft, and her grip was very gentle. Im quite sure she didnt appreciate my sweaty palm.
She also shifted her pink backpack and said, Well it was nice meeting you, Evan. Ill see you Thursday in class.
And with that, she turned on her heel and headed down the hall. Now I knew what they meant by the old clich, I hate to see her go, but love to watch her leave. 
I shook my head at how stupid Id behaved, but I still couldnt help smiling at the fact that Id actually summoned up the courage to speak to her. She didnt reject me, she was just having some personal issues. Dammit, why didnt I ask for her phone number? I wondered if Id look like a total douche if I fast-walked down the hall and caught up with her and asked? Nah, I better not. I could wait until Thursday.

* * *

After class, I bolted through the door to my two-bedroom apartment. I found my roommate, Kendrick, sitting at our cheap wood dining room table, his books and papers spread out over the entire thing. His small ten-inch netbook was next to him, light blinking like the battery was about to die. He had a pencil perched between his teeth and he mustered a smile through it.
Whats up, dude? he asked, looking up from the keyboard.
Nada, man. Just gotta get ready for work. What are you working on? I asked as I took off my jacket and slung it over a chair. I headed to the fridge and yanked it open, its light bathing me in a sickly yellow glow. I snatched some Chinese leftovers from the top shelf and closed the door. Digging through a drawer, I found a fork and tucked into the lo-mein noodles.
I have a stupid English essay due on immigration. What kind of stupid shit is that? As if I give a crap.
I chuckled between bites and pointed the fork at him. Remember, college doesnt make you smarter. It just helps you get ahead. I shoveled another forkful in and added with a shrug, Thats what my parents tell me, anyway.
Kendrick shook his head and went back to his netbook.
When I was done with my cold Chinese leftovers, I tossed the box into the trash and headed to my room, changing into my uniform. 
I waited tables at Applebees. Not exactly my dream job, but the tips were nice if I flirted enough with the college chicks who came in. And in a couple of years, if, God forbid, I was still working there, I was gonna ask to be taught how to work the bar, where all the cute girls hung out at night. But I wasnt twenty-one yet, so no bartending for me.
I slipped on my polo shirt and thought I should probably iron it as I looked at myself in the closet mirror. Then I decided I didnt care enough and Id probably spill somebodys artichoke dip on it later anyway. I found some hair gel and put a little in my hands to slick back my unruly, wavy, dark brown hair. I really needed a haircut. Id add that to the list of errands I needed to do on Saturday. Especially before going to my parents house to do laundry. My mom would fuss at me for sure if I showed up with hair this long. I could almost tuck it behind my ears. I really should shave before work, too, but I thought the five oclock shadow made me look older, so I decided to skip it. My blue eyes were a bit bloodshot, and I leaned in to the mirror to peer at them closer. I stalked to the bathroom and fumbled through a drawer until I found some drops and then checked my watch. Fifteen minutes before I had to be there. I grabbed my keys and jacket from the cluttered table and shouted out a goodbye to Kendrick before I slammed the door behind me.


CHAPTER 2

I carried my empty tray to the wait station at the back of the restaurant and saw Dana, a fellow server, standing there, counting her tips. What an insane night, I said, watching her.
She smiled up at me, her brown eyes twinkling. Yes, it is. 
If this is how Monday goes, whats Friday going to be like? I sighed.
She pocketed the money and pointed to one of the multiple TVs. Its football season, honey. Of course its busy on a Monday night.
Damn. Totally forgot. Guess I just got my man card yanked for not realizing football season had started. In my defense, I am a college fan (Go Longhorns!) and they dont follow the same schedule as the NFL.
Im from the South, what can I say? Its all about the college ball down here.
I glanced up at the TV to see the Cowboys were indeed playing, and shook my head. Not a fan. Nope.
My manager, Rick, popped his head into the station and looked at me. Got a group of cute girls at table twenty-four waiting on you, he said with a smile.
I checked to make sure my shirt was not too stained, it was tucked in, and all the obnoxious buttons I had to wear on it were straight and not falling off. I sauntered over to the table and put on my most disarming smile.
Hello, ladies.
As I took in all their faces, I froze momentarily as I saw a mop of shiny red curls and realized she was one of them. Well, hi, Karina, how are you? I asked with a nervous smile.
The group of girls, all of different races and builds, giggled a little. 
Karina offered me a coy smile. Its Evan, right?
I nodded and pointed to my name badge. Thats what my nametag says!
Oh, my God, how lame!
I didnt know you worked here.
I grinned at her. Yep. So what can I get you ladies to drink?
As they placed their orders, I jotted them down on my notepad and went back to fill them. As I was at the back bar filling water and soda cups, I couldnt help the smile that spread across my face. It was a surprise to see Karina here, and I found I was a lot happier to see her than I should have been.
I distributed the drinks to their table, took their food orders, and found I could hardly take my eyes off Karina to do my job.
What are you smiling at? Dana asked, pulling bills from her pocket and counting them.
Im smiling? I said, of course, smiling.
She shook her head. Let me guess a girl?
Ha. Am I that transparent? I asked, now feeling self-conscious.
She nodded. Honey, if you were any more transparent, youd be a ghost. But thats what I like about you. She winked and walked off.
I had a few more tables to tend to but I did make sure to check on Karinas table often. On my last check-in, they asked for the tab and I pulled it from my pocket and placed it on the table, smiling mostly at Karina. Whenever youre ready, ladies.
After they paid and left, I was wiping down tables since Rico, one of the busboys, had called in sick and we were short-staffed. I swiped the seat of one booth and turned around to start on another when I almost bumped right into Karina.
She seemed to be out of breath, but smiling, the low-hanging ornate lamp behind her giving her hair an angelic orange glow. She grabbed my hand and placed a slip of paper into it and smiled. I didnt look at the paper, I was too busy studying her face, trying to get a word  any word  to dispel itself from my mouth.
Instead, she gave me a reprieve by speaking first. I told my friends I forgot something in the restaurant, and its not a lie. I forgot to give you that. She pointed to my hand and smiled.
I slowly slid my gaze from her excited blue orbs and looked down in my hand to see her name and phone number scrawled in bubbly writing on a slip of paper. I smiled. Oh, thank you. Awesome.
Call me, she said as she practically ran out of the place, her long legs gliding under the short plaid shirt she wore.
I stared at the piece of paper until Dana walked up and smacked my arm. Id like to get out of here before midnight, kid.
I nodded and put the number in my pants pocket, and wiped down the rest of the tables while whistling.

Of course I called Karina the next day. When a cute girl does something like that, Im not stupid enough to try to be a player and wait a few days. Plus, I really liked her. I didnt want to play games.
So its a date then? I asked over the phone.
I could hear the smile in her voice. Yes. So you will pick me up at six then?
I smiled even bigger. Yes. Uh, Ill see you then, okay? I have to get to work.
Bye, Evan.
Bye, Karina. I waited for her to hang up. Thankfully she did and I went into my room to get ready for work.

*  *  *

The next night I got into my little pickup truck and drove to Karinas house. Who knew she lived so close to me? Not even two miles. She had given me her address on the phone the night before and I knew right where it was.
I had grown up in Dallas. I didnt care for the big city, but the small suburb I lived in I had called home since age one when my dad had brought us here because of the military. My parents were over forty when they had me, so my dad was on his last move, and once he got out, he decided to make Texas home. I was grateful, because I loved it here (not that I had anywhere else to compare it to). My parents were getting up in age, but were still pretty active, and I was their only child so I didnt mind going to see them a couple times a month.
I had turned twenty a few months before, and was anxious to finish school and get a real job. Although I still didnt know what exactly I wanted to do. I was leaning towards something in the medical field. My parents were happy with that answer, since their first choice had been the military, but I had told them no. Some people are cut out for that (like my dad and my uncle), but not me. I respected what they did, and I was happy to let them do it.


CHAPTER 3

Her house was a grand thing. Although I really wasnt expecting shed live in some dilapidated shack since she had told me she still lived with her family.
I walked reverently toward the grand front door, which was at least eight feet high, with a ridiculously large knocker in the shape of a lions head. Two white columns flanked me as I stood there and waited for Mr. Belvedere or someone just as snooty to answer the door using a ridiculously exaggerated British accent.
The door swung open and Karinas happy face was smiling back at me, her red hair catching the fading glints of color as the orange and pink sunset framed me from behind, her white sundress reflecting it. She smiled and turned to fetch her tiny blue purse and followed me out the door.
I opened the door for her to get in and then went around and started the truck, heading for a local steakhouse.
How was your day? I asked her lamely.
God, I suck at this.
She grinned, smearing some lip gloss shed pulled from her purse on her ridiculously perfect puffy lips.
To be honest, a restaurant was the last place I wanted to be after working in one all day, but I wasnt sure where else to take her. I felt like she probably expected it anyway. Plus itd give us a chance to talk to each other. I knew virtually nothing about her.
After we were seated in a private high-backed booth, a nice hostess lit the small candle on our table and handed us menus, indicating our server would be out soon.
I stared at the menu for a minute then put it down and cleared my throat. She looked up from her menu, her blue eyes waiting for me to speak.
So are you hungry?
She smiled. Yes. Quite hungry.
She spoke in the same slow, easy drawl as I did, and she made me feel even more relaxed. Her voice was soft and soothing, and I wanted to hear more of it.
You lived in Dallas your whole life? I asked, my hands folded on top of the menu.
She shook her head. No. We move around a lot.
I frowned at her answer. What did that mean? Oh, your dad in the military? Mine was, but once he settled here
She cut me off. No. Not military.
And that was it. She seemed to not want to give up any more information. So I thought maybe if I told her more about me, she would open up some more.
So I am an only child. It kinda sucks sometimes, but at other times its awesome. For instance, Im getting my entire college paid for because my parents were able to save enough.
She set her menu down and folded her delicate, pale hands over it. She leveled me with a look that told me she was trying to figure out what to say  or at least, how much she was going to divulge. I held firm, not giving in to the growing uncomfortable silence that lay between us like a blanket of fog.
It must be nice, she finally said. I have three siblings. I love them, but sometimes it sucks.
Yay, progress.
So are you the oldest, youngest, or in the middle? I asked her, anxious to keep her talking.
In the middle, was all she offered.
The server came and we placed our orders. She only ordered a steak very rare and nothing else. She was drinking water. I ordered mine well done and couldnt understand how people could eat bloody meat.
So, whats your major? I switched tactics.
She shrugged one of her delicate shoulders. Im not sure. Im a sophomore so I have some time to decide. Im leaning towards Business, though.
Oh, thats interesting. No, its so wasnt.
She took a sip of water through the straw. You?
Not sure what field yet, but Im pretty good with numbers and science. Hence my comment to you the other day. I smiled at her.
She nodded. Yeah, numbers arent my strong suit. Not sure why Im even taking physics.
And that was it. She didnt say much more. I really liked this girl, but we didnt have that easy-going, free-flowing relationship or even conversation that I hear couples talk about. I had to resist the urge to pull out my phone and check my texts out of boredom.
As I patted my pockets, I realized I didnt have my phone. Where the hell was it? I smiled as she spoke, not listening to a word, wracking my brain, trying to recall the last time Id seen my phone.
Shit! It was still on top my dresser.
I noticed she didnt have a phone  or at least she hadnt touched one the entire time we were together. Most girls my age had them permanently glued to their hands. Perhaps she was being polite on our date by not looking at it. But while I had been in stalker mode in the physics class, I never saw her with one there either. Unlike ninety percent of the girls in the class. Texting and checking it while the instructor was lecturing.
The server delivered our food and we ate in silence. I noticed she ate slowly, soaking up the meat in the red juices that had pooled on her plate, taking very small bites. She didnt touch the broccoli or baked potato that had come with it. I tried not to look, to make it obvious, but the whole rare steak thing grossed me out big time. I thought maybe she was on a low-carb diet and only wanted the meat. But of course I didnt question it. She sure as hell didnt need to diet.
I, of course, inhaled my food like a caveman and had to resist the urge to lick the plate clean. I loved this steakhouse  it was the best in Dallas  and never passed up a twelve-ounce sirloin when I came here.
As I drove her home, she was quiet. I hadnt been on a lot of dates but this was probably the oddest one. It wasnt that I didnt feel a chemistry, it was that she didnt seem to reciprocate. Maybe she didnt feel anything. Maybe even though shed gone out of her way to give me her number, she had changed her mind.
I took the long way back from the restaurant and eventually pulled up in front her ridiculously large house.
Thank you for dinner, Evan. It was great. Youre a sweetheart. She leaned over and kissed me on the cheek.
I felt the red creep up my face and Im sure I smiled like a dork. I rushed out of the truck to go around and open her door. My mama would have been so proud.
Thank you, she said, stepping out with help from me. My little pickup wasnt that far off the ground but she let me help her anyway.
I walked her to her front porch, which was dark, save for two coach lights that were glowing yellow on either side of the massive door. When we got to the porch, I grabbed both her hands and looked into her blue eyes.
Thank you for coming to dinner with me. It was very nice.
She smiled a little. Thank you taking me out, Evan. I had a great time.
I decided to throw caution to the wind and I leaned forward, and kissed her gently on her beautiful pink lips. They were cool, like shed been eating something cold, but I pressed on, determined to warm them up with mine. I closed my eyes and released my right hand from hers and slid it around her waist. The kiss didnt last very long, but she seemed to return it fairly well and when I popped my eyes open, something caught my attention in the front window of her house. A very pale, angry-looking face of a man was staring out at us. When he saw me notice him, he flicked the curtains back into place.
I looked at Karina. I think your dad or someone was watching us out of the window.
She gasped a little and turned around, then back to me. Oh, great.
Whats wrong? Are you going to be in trouble? I mean, youre not a kid anymore
I need to go, Evan. Thank you again for dinner. She forced one of those smiles through the worry line etched between her eyebrows and walked in through the front door.

As I started up my truck, I looked at the dashboard clock. It was only 9:10 and I did not feel like going home. Since it was Saturday night, I knew a few of my buddies would be playing pool at a local billiards place so I decided to stop there instead. It was out of the way and nowhere near my apartment, but I didnt care.
As the truck lurched and bumped over the poorly paved roads, I thought about the date with Karina. I said a silent prayer that she didnt get in too much trouble with her dad, or whoever that was, and decided at the next stoplight, I would text her and make sure she was okay.
Well, I did eventually reach the one and only stoplight in the small dusty town, but when I instinctively reached into my pocket to text her, I remembered again that my phone was still sitting on my dresser at home. I swore under my breath as the light turned green.
I was almost to the billiard place when I hit a bump in the road and heard a loud popping sound and then the ride got real bumpy. Thump-thump-thump.
Flat tire. Dammit! I swore again and pulled over. 
I slogged out of the truck and slammed the door for good measure. My shoes crunched over gravel and dirt and I looked up into the sky. A light hazing of clouds covered a very full moon and was grateful at least for that, since all I had was a very old flashlight on a Texas back road with no street lights at all.
I removed the jack, jack handle, and tire iron from the back of my truck and threw them to the ground. 
Shit. I realized I was going to have to slide under the truck to get to the damn spare tire and probably ruin the new green polo shirt I had bought for the date. Maybe my mom could get the stains out
It took me forever to get the spare tire off and I slid back out from under the truck with it. Then I heard what sounded like a coyote howl as I was cranking the iron around the first lug nut on the tire. I froze and looked around me. Probably a prairie dog, I convinced myself.
As I popped the second lug nut off, I let out a string of curses as I sliced my finger open on the tire iron. This was turning into the night from hell. I stuck the oozing finger in my mouth and continued to focus on the task at hand. I decided I was no longer in the mood for playing pool and would be turning around and going home, where I should have gone to begin with after dropping Karina off.
I now had the last lug nut off and had to yank harder than I wanted to get the damn tire off. I held it up in the moonlight and could see a huge hole in the side of it. It was almost shredded. There would be no repairing this tire, I would need a new one. I sighed and picked up the spare and rolled it over to the truck, and as I was figuring out which side went where, I heard a low, threatening growl behind me. I froze in my tracks. I swallowed hard and turned around very slowly, still holding the tire. 
A large gray wolf was standing not eight feet from me. It was growling in the back of its throat, drool hanging in a long string from its snout. The spare tire dropped to the ground in a puff of dust, narrowly missing my feet.
I backed up slowly, determined to get in the truck for safety, and even in my panicked state I knew it would have to be enough since I couldnt drive anywhere on three wheels.
I continued to walk backward, trying to keep my breathing steady, but my heart was pounding out of my chest, the throbbing reaching my head and making the fierce cut on my finger throb in time with my heart. Blood was dripping onto the dusty gravel below me and I instinctively put it behind my back, as if that would hide the stench of blood.
As I saw the vicious beast lunge at me, I practically dove to the truck door and reached for the handle, but I was too late. A pain like I had never felt seared through my leg, pulling me to the rocky ground below as I landed flat on my face. It knocked the air out of my lungs and I didnt even have time to scream. I tried to turn over, to sit up, but my leg was pinned. I craned my neck around and looked at the wolf with its mouth clamped on my calf. I had jeans on and its teeth seemed to have pierced them with no effort.
Pain was ripping through my body but I got a sudden surge of adrenaline. With all my might, I managed to flip over enough to kick the massive wolf in the face. He let go of my leg and flicked his head back and forth, shaking off the kick to the face. I stood up and grabbed the door handle once more and thats when he lunged at me again, knocking me to the ground. I yelled as loud as I could and put my hands up instinctively in self-defense. The beast bit at my forearms and hands until my own blood was dripping onto my face and into my mouth. His breath was hot and smelled of rotten meat. His yellow eyes looked down at me right before he dove for my neck. As soon as his fangs sank into my neck, my whole world went black and I was no more.


CHAPTER 4

I awoke to a world of darkness and pain. My head was pounding something fierce and my throat felt like Id been sucking on cotton balls. My chest and neck were on fire, and my eyes seemed to have grit in them. My right leg ached like it was about to fall off. I went to put my hand to my neck and found I couldnt move it.
I fluttered open my sore, tired eyes and saw I was in a strange room. The only lights burning were candles affixed to the walls. There were large wooden crossbeams at the ceiling and Karinas beautiful face was peering down at me, her auburn curls framing her face.
Evan. Are you okay?
I was dizzy, confused. I looked down at my arm to see it was strapped to the small bed I was lying on, my wrist encased in a brown leather strap.
Karina I moaned.
Thirsty? she asked, holding a cup of water with a straw to my lips. 
I greedily drank until I thought I might puke. I shook my head when I was done, indicating for her to move it away from my mouth.
Untie me, I whispered.
She looked at me sadly, but there was something else behind her eyes. I cannot.
Please. I hurt so bad. What happened to me?
You were attacked.
My eyes popped open. Oh, God, that wolf, it bit me! That was too much excitement because I was instantly in more pain all over my body after that little outburst.
Shh. Lie back, you do not need to exert yourself.
She was speaking strangely. She didnt sound like herself. Fun, bubbly, Karina sounded like she had been thrown back to the late nineteenth century.
Why not? I groaned.
Just then, I heard a deep male voice from somewhere behind Karina. Get away from that thing! I heard him snap.
I gingerly craned my neck toward the voice and saw a tall, pale man with short, dark hair and sharp features looking at Karina. He seemed to be keeping one eye on me, and I realized this was the same face Id seen in the window after our date earlier. He looked too young to be her father. Maybe it was her brother. 
Whats going on, Karina? I rasped out.
She looked at me, then to the man. Hes not a thing! Hes hurt. We need to help him.
He narrowed his eyes in disgust at me, then back at her. No.
Get out of here, Dylan. I dont need you then, she said, irritation suddenly coloring her tone. 
Im going out to eat. When I get back, he better be gone. The large man turned on his heel and headed for a staircase leading up, which I just now noticed. No wonder it was so dark in there, I must have been in a basement.
She snorted. Well he wont be. Now go away and stay out of the basement if youre not gonna help me.
He stopped at the base of the staircase. Then you can tell Raf about the boy. I couldnt give a shit. At least clean him up. He smells. Dylan headed up the creaking wooden stairs without another word.
She looked at me and smiled apologetically, rubbing a wet washcloth over my forehead. Im sorry about my brother.
Charming guy, I managed to get out.
She shook her head and laughed. No, hes really not.
She continued to wipe down my head and I felt myself getting sleepy again. She began to talk to me, but I didnt hear her. I slipped back into blessed, painless unconsciousness.

*  *  *

The next time I awoke, I was in the same bed, but I no longer had the wrist straps on. I blinked my eyes open and looked around. I seemed to be by myself. I put a hand to my throbbing neck and felt a large bandage there. I took a deep breath and sat up with a lot of effort. My legs and arms felt like jelly and my stomach roiled with nausea and hunger. I had some personal needs to take care of and managed to limp and stagger to a nearby bathroom. As I looked in the mirror after handling my business, I gasped. I was a serious mess. There was dried blood all over my neck and chest and spatters on my face. I could only imagine what had happened to my shirt, but blood was caked down my entire torso. I couldnt see my chest from the right nipple up to the throat because of the bandage. I looked down at my hand and saw dried blood covering them, fresh, open cuts and bite marks everywhere. I looked down at my shredded pant leg and saw my right calf was also covered in a crude white bandage.
I needed a shower, like yesterday.
Unfortunately, this bathroom only had a toilet and a sink.
As much pain as I was in, I decided I did not want to be in Karinas strange house with her very creepy brother another minute. I limped out of the bathroom and headed toward the staircase, hoping I could find a phone up there to call my dad. I had no idea how many days had passed since that damned wolf had attacked me, but they had to have located my truck by now and Im sure my parents were hysterical with worry.
I made it to the bottom of the staircase and wanted to cry looking at all the steps I had to conquer. I briefly considered crawling up them but didnt think that would hurt any less. I took a deep breath and put my left foot on the first stair. Thats when a blinding light from the top assaulted my face and I threw my arm across my eyes. A door opened and I saw Dylans brooding figure taking up most of the doorway at the top of the stairs.
Shit, I grumbled.
He made it to the bottom stairs quicker than I could blink. I gasped at the unnatural motion and tried to step back when he grabbed me and carried me back to the bed like I was some invalid.
I was seriously freaked out. Who was this guy? I looked up at him in horror. Put me down.
I voted to keep the restraints on, but Karina never listens to me, he said, putting the leather straps back over my left arm.
Please, let me go. I need to go home. At least let me call someone. Do you have a cell phone? I whispered, feeling like I might pass out again.
He shook his head. No, the phone is upstairs and you cant go up there.
Then please take me to a hospital. I need some medication. I cant take much more of this.
He went around to strap my right arm. I cannot.
Please leave one arm free, I pleaded.
Well that would defeat the purpose of strapping you down now, wouldnt it? he said, strapping the arm down. 
I was delirious and didnt fight him. I couldnt. I still didnt understand why they felt the need to keep me restrained, when clearly I could barely walk, let alone do anything to harm them or myself. I began to grow concerned at their need to keep me prisoner. I needed to talk to Karina again.
Wheres Karina? I moaned.
Shell be back in a bit. You stay put. And with that, he was gone, back up the stairs.
Hungry, I croaked, but I didnt think he would hear me.
He stopped at the base of the stairs and looked right at me. I bet you are.

*  *  *

I awoke again to Karina at my bedside. She was smiling at me.
But I frowned at her. Let me go. I need to go home.
Im so sorry, Evan, but I cant. Youre too dangerous.
Very confused by her clearly contradictory statement, I said, How so?
Do you want to feel better, Evan? she asked, ignoring my question.
I nodded as best I could. Yes, please take me to a hospital. And I need a shower.
I can give you something that will make the pain go away. You will heal quickly and feel better. You want me to help you, Evan? she asked.
I nodded. What are you waiting for? Please, Karina. I didnt care if she gave me crystal meth at that point, if it made the pain go away.
She smiled and put her mouth to her wrist. She closed her eyes and I saw a set of teeth so sharp, they reminded me of the wolfs. I gasped in shock, and as I sucked in a breath and tried to shrink away from her, she shoved her wrist, which was gushing blood, into my mouth. I began to spit it out and I practically choked on the blood. I was violently shaking my head back and forth, trying to get away from the disgusting coppery blood that was gushing fast into my mouth. She grabbed my head to keep me still and her hand felt like a vice grip on my skull.
When she suddenly pulled her wrist away, I let out a scream. Im sure most of her blood had slipped down my throat since she held my face firm so I couldnt spit it out. I didnt understand why she had fangs or why she was giving me blood, but I couldnt care anymore. I was in so much pain, I started to see spots in my vision, sure I was going to black out again. My heart was hammering in my chest and I felt like I was going to puke. Every nerve ending felt like it was burning from the tips of my toes to the top of my head. I dont know how long this went on for, but it felt like forever. I would see Karina occasionally look at me with pity in her eyes, shushing me like a mother to a child.
Then it just suddenly stopped. The fever, the burning feeling, the heat, the agony, my heart beating out of my chest. As I lay there panting, I stared at the ceiling and then looked over at Karina.
Better? she asked.
I tried to lift my hand again to rub my eyes and forgot my arms were strapped down. I gave my arm a hard tug and the strap snapped. I heard Karina gasp.
Happy for the first time since I got to this house, I easily broke the other and sat up. Without even looking at her, I rushed into the small bathroom and vomited violently into the small toilet, which did not exactly catch all the contents. The bathroom was a serious mess and I was not going to clean it.
After vomiting, I felt better and walked out to where Karina was, but she was gone. I easily walked to the steps and started to make my way up, feeling confused but not disoriented, achy, but not in pain. I made it to the top of the stairs and found the door was locked and swore. I pounded on it, weary but becoming angry. Who did these people think they were, keeping me prisoner? But deep down I knew they werent people at all. Karina and her brother were some sort of creatures or aliens or something. The fangs could have been fake, but how much better I felt after having her blood in my mouth and in my gut was not. There was something otherworldly about how fast my pain had gone, when just moments before Id felt like I was at deaths door. 
I had so many questions with very few answers. Who found me? How did I get here? Why did that wolf attack me? What day was it?
The door finally opened after I pounded on it enough. Dylans angry face was instantly in mine. Get your ass back down there before I push you down these stairs, he barked at me.
I heard a low growl echoing in my ears and was shocked when I realized it was me. I shoved him as hard as I could in the chest and he went flying backward into what looked like a kitchen. I didnt even care. I ran through the kitchen and saw what I hoped was the front door. I flung it open and ran out into the night. I could see the sun was just beginning to set or hell, it might be just rising, I didnt know, as I wasnt sure which way was west or east, but I just ran in the direction I knew led out of Karinas neighborhood and didnt stop until I reached my home. 


CHAPTER 5

I was barely winded when I reached my apartment complex. My bandages had flown off somewhere during the run. I looked down at my hands and there were no more cuts, just a few ropey scars and lots of dried blood. I felt my neck, and there were definitely no more open wounds, but healing scars. My leg didnt hurt. I felt like I was in a dream and had no idea what was happening to me.
I was going to go up to my apartment and hope Kendrick wasnt home, but then decided against it. If those crazy people, creatures, whatever they were, knew where I lived, thats the first place theyd look. I headed off on foot to my parents house, which was a couple of miles from my apartment in the opposite direction of Karinas house.
I reached the house without being spotted and saw my truck parked in their driveway, the spare tire on it. God, my parents must be so worried. I took a deep breath and walked right through the front door, since I knew it would be unlocked, and found my parents sitting in the living room. The TV was off and they seemed to be having a conversation. My mother screamed and ran to me when she saw me come in. My dad was right behind her.
Evan! Oh, my God what happened to you? she sobbed, releasing me and taking in what had to be a god-awful appearance. 
My dad hugged me and looked at me with shiny tears in his eyes.
I took a deep breath and prepared the lie Id conjured up on the way over. I hated lying to my parents but there was no other explanation.
I got a flat tire, so I pulled over to change it
Why didnt you call me? my dad interrupted.
Left my cell at home. I was on a date and I guess I got nervous and forgot it, I replied.
Date with who? my mom asked.
I rolled my eyes. As if that was relevant right now. So I was about to put the spare on and this wolf attacked me.
My parents gasped in unison.
A wolf? Mom threw her hand to her mouth and more tears began to spill.
I hit it with the tire iron but not before it bit me in the neck. It went running off, but I was bleeding pretty bad. I tried to walk for help but I fell in a ditch. I just woke up and walked here.
It was the absolute lamest story I could dream up on short notice.
But the police searched the ditches and ravines, they did not see you, my dad said.
I sighed. What day is it? I asked in deflection.
Sunday, my mom replied. You dont even know what day it is?
I had taken Karina out Friday night. A day and a half wasnt too bad I suppose. I need a shower.
No. Youre going to a hospital, go put a shirt on, my dad demanded, grabbing his keys.
I gripped his arm and looked in his blue eyes, so much like mine. No, Dad. Im fine. I just need some food and rest.
He started at me, confused, then eventually nodded. Okay.
Wow, Id never seen him give up a fight so easily. I grinned to myself and walked up the stairs to my old room and stripped off my disgusting pants and underwear. I wandered into the bathroom and turned the shower on as hot as it would go. I could hear my dad on the phone downstairs. Before I closed the bathroom door, I yelled down the stairs, Mom, Im starving!

*  *  *

Not surprisingly, when I got done showering and borrowing a pair of sweats from my dads drawer, a detective was already at my house. I fed him the same story, but the gray-haired cop didnt seem to buy it. I didnt really care. I wasnt going to tell him the truth or Id be in a lot more trouble than I was in now.
He left after huffing at me for refusing to go to a hospital and said hed be back if he had more questions. I had put a huge bandage on my neck after I got out of the shower so my mom wouldnt want to look at my wound. All the dried blood had hidden it earlier, and now that I was clean, theres no way my parents would believe I had been bitten by a wolf less than two days ago.
I didnt understand how I had healed so fast. It was obviously Karinas blood but that was just disgusting; unexplainable. 
As I sat and inhaled some reheated spaghetti my mom had fixed for me, I began to wonder if I had run out of Karinas house a little too hastily. Yes, they were keeping me captive, but why? They didnt hurt me while I was there, even though they could have. Karina helped me heal, yet they were keeping me prisoner for some reason. 
I ate three servings of the spaghetti and two large glasses of milk and still felt hungry. I figured Id better stop, though, unless I wanted to puke again. No thanks.
I considered taking my truck and going back to my apartment, but I was just too tired. I knew my parents wouldnt care if I crashed here so I slogged upstairs and fell into bed. I was asleep as soon as my scruffy face hit the pillow.

*  *  *

Something caused me to jerk awake. I looked at the bedside clock and it was two a.m. I looked around to get my bearings, realizing I was in my old room at my parents house. My stomach was burning with pain and I doubled over, realizing the pain had woken me up. I didnt understand why I was so hungry. I had practically gorged myself on spaghetti a few hours ago.
Nature was calling so after I took care of that, I exited the bathroom and smelled something delicious. It made my mouth water so I wandered downstairs, wondering if maybe Mom had made some goodies before she had gone to bed. Except when I got to the bottom of the stairs, the smell faded. I frowned and went back upstairs, convinced I was losing it. Except now the smell was back. Following the scent, it led to my parents bedroom, I slowly pushed their door open, curiosity getting the better of me.
I saw nothing out of the ordinary, my parents asleep and no food anywhere. My mouth was watering so much now, I had to swallow down my saliva or risk it dribbling out of my mouth. I looked over at the window and saw a huge full moon shining in through the window. 
Something in me snapped.
I looked back at my parents and that same low growl Id directed at Dylan earlier came rumbling out of my throat and I started shaking. I went to lick my lips and drew blood from my tongue thanks to a huge set of fangs that were now sticking out of my mouth. I couldnt wrap my brain around what was happening to me, but I didnt care. I only wanted one thing  the blood of my parents. I looked back one more time at the bright shining orb that was taunting me through the open window and lunged at my dad, taking him out first.


CHAPTER 6

There was blood everywhere, so, so much blood. I stood at the foot at my parents bed, both of them dead or dying, still and unmoving, gaping neck wounds flowing freely, staining their bedding and the floor below. I started to shake uncontrollably, the gravity of what had just happened hitting me like a punch to the face. I let out something between a screech and a howl and raced down the stairs, bolting through my front door and across my front lawn, looking much the same way I did when I had arrived yesterday. Shirtless, bloody, confused, and distraught.
I dont even remember the run to Karinas house but the next time I blinked, I was pounding on her front door. Lights were burning in the windows of the massive house, and I knew they were awake. 
Dylan answered the door and narrowed his eyes at me. Then he raked me from head to toe and the bastard actually smiled at me. I was crying big, fat tears with no shame at all. The only thing I could manage to squeak out was: Help me.
He grabbed my bloody arm and pulled me inside, looking both ways down the street before shutting and locking the door. He held me by my upper arm like a guard and a prisoner and plopped me in one of the kitchen table chairs. He went to the sink and ran a kitchen towel under water from the taps and threw the rag at me. It landed with a wet smack in my lap. 
Clean that human blood off of you. Youre making me hungry.
I turned around when I heard Karinas gasp. She ran over to me and grabbed my hand. Oh, Evan. You should have stayed! I tried to tell you
I cut her off and stood up. You witch! You did this to me! What the hell did you do me? I am a fucking monster! I just killed my parents and its all your fault!
She put a hand over her mouth and I saw tears pool in her eyes. I wanted you to stay. I was going to explain everything after you changed.
Changed! I spat. I did not want to change! What did you do to me?
Dylan pulled out a chair and sat next to me, leaning his forearms on his long, thin legs. He stared at me with his icy gray eyes and said, You were dying. She saved you. You were bit by a werewolf. I thought we should leave you on the side of the road, but she, he jerked his head at his sister, wouldnt let me.
I scrubbed a hand over my bloody face and then wiped them on my dads sweatpants. Oh, God, my dad. My poor, brave dad. He didnt stand a chance. I had massacred him without thought or reason. I am gonna have to kill myself. Thats what Im going to do. Im going back to my parents house and Im gonna get my dads shotgun out of his gun case and Im gonna put it to my head.
I stood up. I need to go.
Dylan stood with me and smacked me on the shoulders, forcing me back down.
No, Evan. You cannot, Karina said. You are too dangerous. You have to stay here with us.
I let out a shaky sob and dropped my head. I know. If you wont let me leave, will you at least kill me? I cant live any longer. I lifted pleading eyes to Dylan, knowing sweet Karina could never. Please.
Dylan looked at his sister, who was shaking her head and shooting daggers at him with her eyes.
Damn. I would, Dylan said, but she would kill me when I was done killing you. He finished with a half-laugh.
I stared at him. Youre an asshole.
He laughed again. So Ive been told.
Listen, there will be no more killing tonight, Karina said. Youre going to go and shower while Dylan cleans up the blood you dragged here. You are literally going to lead the cops right to us. Isnt that right, D? She looked at Dylan.
He nodded. Ill get Zane to help. And well have to tell Raf. And then he was gone, disappearing up the stairs.
Karina helped me stand and I was still shaking. She led me to a small bathroom off of the kitchen and started the shower. Get cleaned up. Ill get you some clothes and dont you dare leave or do anything stupid.
I nodded. I still wanted to kill myself, but I definitely wasnt going to leave this house now that my head was starting to clear. I somehow felt safe here, when just twenty-four hours ago, I was frightened and wanted to leave. I let the hot water and steam roll over my bloody body and leaned my head against the green tiles of the shower, watching red water circle the drain. I then closed my eyes and let go of my grief in wracking, sorrow-filled sobs.
I managed to get some soap and shampoo on my body, and once I was all rinsed off, I turned off the now-lukewarm water and wrapped myself in a towel. I cleared the steam off the mirror and looked at my bloodshot blue eyes and slicked my hair back with my fingers. Something caught my eye and I looked down at my hands. I saw blood still caked under each nail and shuddered. I looked back in the mirror and saw my skin looking pale, but my muscles looked pumped up, like I had just done a thousand situps and a million pushups. The door to the bathroom opened and I saw Karina briefly check me out from head to toe. She tossed me a pair of jeans, a black T-shirt and some boxers and said, Hurry up. She closed the door.
I emerged from the bathroom feeling better physically but still so very distraught and confused. When I wandered back into the kitchen, there were two other men standing there with Dylan and Karina.
Evan, these are my other two brothers, Zane and Raf. The men, both tall, over six feet, nodded at me but didnt smile.
Karina continued, pointing at the long-haired one, Raf here is kind of in charge since hes the oldest. He makes the decisions, takes care of our financial needs, and helps us. And hes going to help you, too, Evan, but I think you need to sit down so we can explain.
Well, I certainly wouldnt argue with that. I needed answers, and I needed them now.
Dylan began. Two nights ago, Karina and I were headed into town to feed.
I interrupted. Feed?
Karina rolled her eyes at me. Were vampires, silly. As if you havent figured that out.
I gasped. Seriously? What the hell!
Dylan shook his head and continued, So anyway, we saw your truck broken down on the side of the road and when we got closer, we saw that disgusting werewolf on you. I bolted out of the car and pulled him off you, and he went running away into the night after I punched him a few times. When Karina got out of the car, she recognized you, of course, and insisted we bring you home. I didnt want to attract any attention to us, but she persisted. As you can probably guess, little sister here gets pretty much whatever she wants around here. He looked at Raf and Zane, who were not smiling, just listening to the story, still standing with their arms folded.
She smiled. Yep.
I thought you were the middle child, I said to her, attempting a lame joke.
She smiled even bigger. You remember that, do you? Well I am. Dylan here is the baby. Im older.
Dont interrupt my story! Dylan bellowed.
Geez, sorry, go on, Karina said.
So I brought you back here and you didnt wake up until the next day. And the rest you know.
Why didnt you just take me to a hospital? I asked, still confused by their story, feeling like I was in a dream, ready to wake up at any moment.
Did you miss the part in the story where you were bit by a werewolf? Zane suddenly said, his deep, booming voice commanding but sort of soothing at the same time.
I shook my head. So?
You get bit by one, you become one. Thats why I told my sister to leave you there. We dont get along too well with the wolves, Dylan said, wrinkling his nose.
Yeah, theyre filthy, disgusting animals with no control, Raf interjected.
Zane made a face. And they smell.
I put my hands up. So wait, youre telling me Im now a werewolf? I half-laughed. So why are you helping me?
Dylan jutted his chin at his sister. Because she turned you into a vampire. Youre part of our family now. Its the rules.
I scratched my head. Okay, so am I a werewolf, or a vampire then? I asked, feeling like I was losing it for even asking such a ridiculous question.
Raf came over and sniffed me, and I shrank back from the strange act. We dont know. You smell a little bit like one, but its not strong. The attack on your parents could have been from either side of your new nature. You may be both or we may have caught it in time to turn you into one of us and gotten rid of the wolf virus. Well see in a few hours.
Now I was really confused. Why? Whats happening in a few hours?
Zane grinned. Were going to put you in the sun. If you dont start smoking or catch on fire, youre probably a werewolf, or at least half.
I swallowed hard. That didnt sound like very much fun.

*  *  *

Thankfully these vampires had a large house and they put me in the guestroom. Raf had explained to me that they had gone and cleaned up as much blood as they could outside my parents house and all the way here. They had debated on going inside and getting rid of my parents bodies, but then said the police would probably figure out they were dead anyway by the amount of blood and left them. At least the rest of the family could get closure.
I had cried again when he told me that. I would never see my family again. Kendrick was probably freaking out since I never, ever just disappeared like this. I know that detective knew I was back and okay, and I cursed my dad for calling him. Had he not, Id just still be a missing person. Instead, I was probably now suspect number one. And rightfully so. I mean, I did actually do it.
How was I ever going to live with myself? I stared at the ceiling, knowing it was already eight in the morning and the sun would be up, except the room I was in had no windows. If they really were vampires, I suppose that made sense to not have windows if the sun harmed them. I wondered today if the sun would set me on fire. I was afraid, but then I kind of thought maybe if it did, it would kill me and then I would get what I deserved for killing my parents. The death penalty was popular in Texas and I should be no exception. I had even thought about turning myself into the cops but I was afraid I might kill them or some of the other prisoners in jail if they tried to lock me up, and decided that wasnt a good idea.
A knock on the door roused me out of my thoughts. I got up and opened it to see Karina standing there. I had only slept about three hours but she hadnt slept at all.
Cmon, sleepyhead. Im tired, I need to go to bed. Lets get this over with.
She seemed a lot more chipper than she should be for someone who was about to see the guy she saved burned up by the sun. 
So, I have a question, I said.
Shoot, she replied.
If I start burning, are you just gonna let me die?
She shook her head, her red curls bouncing around her shoulders. No, silly. Raf is superfast. Hell snatch you up.
I raised my eyebrows. In the sun? Wont that hurt him too?
She rolled her eyes. No, he can move lightning fast.
I didnt get it. Whatever. I was just about to ask her how she could attend college if she couldnt be in the sun, but then I realized that my Physics class was my only night class, and that I had seen her at Applebees also at night. I really had never seen her during the day.
Why the hell was she taking physics anyway? Guess I could ask her later.
We made it to the front door and Dylan, Raf, and Zane were standing there. 
Ready? Raf asked me, his silvery eyes staring at me. His eyes were the same color as Dylans and I wondered if thats what happens to eyes when you become a vampire. But then Karinas were still blue. More questions without answers.
I nodded and Raf opened the front door. The sun was shining on the lawn and I looked out and swallowed. Go on then, go stand in the sun. If you start smoking, Ill get you. Dont worry.
I shrugged and walked out slowly. The tortuous walk to the grass seemed to take forever. I stopped before I got to the area where I no longer had shade. I took a deep breath, and stepped into the light. I squeezed my eyes shut, waiting for the pain, but there was nothing.
I slowly opened my eyes. The sun was bright and it felt warm on my naked chest and it hurt my eyes. I wouldnt say it hurt, but I was starting to get hot real fast. I looked down at my body but I wasnt turning red. It was just really warm, like I had spent four hours in the sun and not four seconds. I looked to my new vampire family and hoped they were still my new family because if not, I had nobody.
They looked worried but waved me back in. 
As soon as the door was closed, Raf studied me, then looked at his siblings. What do you think? Half-breed?
Dylan lifted his shoulder in a shrug. Probably. Gotta wait til the next full moon to find out for sure.
My eyes got big. Oh, my God, am I gonna turn into a wolf, like the one that attacked me?
Karina nodded. You might. Well have to lock you in the basement in case you do.
Oh, freakin joy.


CHAPTER 7

I couldnt turn into a wolf. If that happened, I would kill myself. It was bad enough I was craving blood already, even after my gorging last night on my parents, but a wolf? No way. I was not going to live like that. Plus, I was sure these vampires would kill me on site. Well, that would be a solution to my problem, I supposed.
I dont know how long I lay there staring at the ceiling but I couldnt sleep. I decided to get up and explore the house. I put my jeans and T-shirt back on and tried the doorknob to my room, half expecting it to be locked from the outside. It wasnt. 
As I was about to head down the stairs, I heard voices coming from the last room near the steps. I stopped and stood outside the door, listening closely but not quite pressing my ear against the door. I found I could easily hear what they were saying. It sounded like Zane and Raf. Or I supposed it could have been Dylan, I couldnt quite tell.
but well have to lock him in a cage during the next full moon, said one man.
Not if we just kill him in his sleep! said the second voice, which I strongly suspected was Dylan.
We are not doing that, said the first voice.
If he changes into a full wolf, can we? asked the Dylan-sounding voice.
There was no answer and then I heard footsteps. I ran down the stairs as fast as I could and stood under the staircase and waited to see if anyone left the room. I heard the door open, then more footsteps above my head, then a door slam. I waited about five minutes then snuck through the kitchen and into the large living room. Since it was daytime, I could see pretty clearly. They had all the shutters closed on the windows, but little slices of light were coming in through the cracks in the slats of the shutters. The ceiling was at least seventeen feet high and there were more wooden crossbeams at the ceiling. Large rectangular windows framed the wall near the ceiling, but they were covered in something resembling dark tint. I could only imagine how pretty the room would have looked with all that sunlight streaming in, bathing the modern furniture and paintings on the walls in a warm glow. But I supposed I could understand why they despised the sunlight.
I found a set of French doors covered in heavy drapes leading to a backyard and I slid the deadbolt out and opened the door. The back garden was bright with so much greenery, it was almost blinding. A large fountain with a stone angel in the center of it spewed water from something in her hand into the fountain base below. There were trees, bushes, and bright colored flowers all over. The grass was a lush green, and I just wanted to lie back in it and feel the suns soft warmth on my face. The yard was huge, with a tall brown fence blocking its beauty from any nearby neighbors. I imagined at night, this place was just as gorgeous. 
I hadnt taken two steps out when I felt my T-shirt choke my throat and my body being yanked back into the house. I spun around right as Karina let go of my shirt. Her pretty face was twisted up in an angry scowl.
What are you doing?! Do not go out there, Evan. We sleep all day and are up at night! She closed the door and locked the deadbolt, pulling the curtains over the French doors. It was early enough in the day that the sun was still far enough out in the yard and hadnt reached the windows yet.
Youll have to excuse me if I cant get used to sleeping all day after being up in the daytime hours for the last twenty years! I barked back at her.
Her features softened. Okay, Im sorry. Come here. She led me to the sofa.
It was then I noticed what she was wearing. A short blue silk nightie that didnt cover much but matched her eyes perfectly. Her red hair was wild and disheveled, but it made her look hot.
I sat on the sofa in the dark room and looked at her.
How did you know I went outside? I asked.
She sighed. Every door and window is wired to a silent alarm, set at a tone only we can hear. You woke us all up, but I told the guys Id handle it.
Oh, oops. I didnt hear the tone, though. Does that mean Im not a vampire?
She laughed. No, the alarms only go off in our rooms, but you werent in yours. And especially if youre a wolf, your hearing will be better than ours.
Oh.
Why are you wandering the house? she asked.
I raised an eyebrow. Did you not hear what I just said? I cant sleep.
She measured me with an evaluating stare and twisted her mouth as if she were thinking about something. Youre hungry.
I narrowed my eyes at her because I knew she didnt mean for pizza. No.
She smiled. Yes, you are.
Can I eat human food?
She shrugged. We can, but it has to be mostly raw meats and liquids. Nothing else. Since youre part wolf, you might be able to eat other stuff.
You seriously think Im part wolf?
She nodded. Yeah. You didnt burn up in the sun.
Maybe you did it wrong.
She knit her eyebrows together. Did what wrong?
Made me a vampire.
She looked mad again. Now, Ill admit Ive never done it before, but it should have worked. Ive seen Raf do it a dozen times. Do you have fangs?
I nodded. Yes, I felt them when my parents I trailed off, not being able to talk about their deaths. The deaths they suffered at my hands my claws my teeth.
Well you dont smell much like a wolf.
So when will we know?
She sighed. I really dont know. Wolves age and die. We do not, so I guess itll take us a few years.
My eyebrows shot up into my hairline. You dont age? How old are you?
She gave me a sideways grin. Guess.
Well, you look nineteen.
Yes, I was twenty when I was turned. But that was a long time ago.
Dont make me guess, I whined.
She laughed. Im eighty-six. I think. I kinda stopped counting. I was born in 1927.
I did some quick math in my head. Yep, eighty-six. Damn, girl, you look good for a grandma!
She punched me in the arm. Im going to bed.
No, wait, I said.
She had already stood up and looked over her shoulder at me. What?
I am hungry, I quietly confessed.
She smiled and went to the fridge and opened it. I followed her. She pulled out a bag of blood, the type you see at the hospital. We get these from the blood bank.
My mouth started to water and I cursed my new existence. Is it good cold?
She shook her head, squeezing some into a coffee mug shed grabbed from a nearby cabinet. It almost looked thick and sludgy, like mud. She popped it in the microwave and hit some buttons. No way. Its gross. In fact, its not really that good warm, but its better than starving. Straight from the vein is best.
So, who just lets you chomp on their neck? I asked as the microwave beeped.
She opened it and pulled out the mug and handed it to me. It was warm but not hot, and I chugged it back in one large gulp, my brain screaming at me that it was disgusting, wrong, and all kinds of bad but my body sang from the nourishment.
No, well yes. Some people let you, they are donors. Others we take, then wipe their memory.
My eyes got big. What!
Yes, we have a sort of hypnotic quality to our eyes, we can make people do things or forget things by the power of suggestion. Wolves have it too, so I know you have it.
Did you ever hypnotize me? I asked.
She laughed. No, silly.
I thought about yesterday when Id told my dad I wasnt going to the hospital and he agreed without a fight. My dad did twenty years in the Army and everything was a fight with him. He loved a challenge and it was just odd how he had just agreed so readily.
Yes, I think I have it, too.
Im going to bed now, Karina said.
I nodded and watched her disappear up the stairs. I opened the fridge and found it stocked solely with blood bags. Dozens of them. There were a few dozen water bottles in there, too. I opened the freezer and found raw meat wrapped in plastic wrap. I reached for another bag and microwaved it like Id watched Karina do. The meat looked good, but the blood looked better.
What was wrong with me!
I couldnt believe this was my life. In the span of forty-eight hours, Id gone on a date with my super-hot dream girl, got attacked by a wolf, was turned into a vampire, killed my parents, disappeared from the face of the planet (for all intents and purposes), and was now drinking blood.
And I was still a virgin. Awesome.

CHAPTER 8

I felt somewhat calm after the second blood bag and rinsed out my coffee mug and set it in the dish drainer. Yes, I might have been a vampire  or a wolf  but I still had manners.
I wandered around the house looking for a computer or something to occupy my time with. I told myself I should try to sleep, try to get into these peoples sleeping pattern, but I just wasnt tired. I did find a TV in a small den off of the massive living room. I went in there and watched some daytime TV, but there really wasnt anything on on a Monday afternoon. Nothing that interested me, anyway.
After about an hour of that, I trudged upstairs toward my room. I looked down the long hallway and then to my right. There was the room the two men had been arguing about me in. I looked to my left and saw a small pink heart hanging on a door handle with a K in the middle. I stood in front of her door and debated just opening it. I wanted to go inside, lie in her bed, and feel her body against me. After the blood and the restless wandering around the house, I had thought of something that could help me sleep.
The attraction to Karina had been immediate. From the day I saw her in that physics class, I knew I had to meet her, talk to her. Since that day, I had thought about her every day. But between the craziness of this past weekend and all the changes Id gone through, those types of thoughts had been put on the back burner.
Now, they were back.
I rested my head against her door and considered just opening it. Wait! Shes a vampire. Did she sleep in a coffin? I laughed to myself. Thats ridiculous. Id watched too many horror flicks with my dad when I was little.
My dad. I pushed his smiling face from my mind and tried to think of other things, but I just became sad. Why were my damn emotions all over the place? I had never been like this before. I was always pretty even-keeled and chill. Now I felt like I was having a nervous breakdown or a mid-life crisis and I was only twenty.
I creaked her door open slowly and saw her lying in her bed, her eyes closed, her ginger hair splayed out on the pillow. Her room was very dark, but I could see it was decorated modestly in pinks and whites. It didnt look childish, per se, but it did look very feminine. Her comforter was some sort of white circle pattern and she looked so small in that big queen-sized bed. The side of the bed closest to the door was empty, so I yanked my T-shirt off and threw it to the floor. Pulling back the covers, I slipped into bed next to her. Her eyes popped open and she looked at me curiously. 
Shh, I said, smiling at her.
She looked concerned. Everything okay?
I smiled. Yes. I just didnt want to be alone with my nightmares.
She nodded and turned back over. I sidled up next to her, my warm body spooning hers, like we were made to fit that way. I slid an arm under her neck and put the other over her shoulders and I heard her let out a satisfied sigh. Before long, her breathing became steady and she fell back to sleep. Her bed was so soft, and her body was so comforting, that I too soon found myself drifting off.

* * *

My eyes slammed open when I heard Dylans obnoxious voice.
What the?
I turned around and saw him standing in the doorway, fully dressed like he was about to go out somewhere. We both bolted up and stared at him. He was standing there with his arms folded, as if waiting for an answer to his half a question.
Get out of here, Dylan! Karina yelled.
What are you two doing in here? he demanded.
She huffed. Sleeping! Thats it! Not that its any of your business, baby brother. Now get out!
He eyed me evilly for good measure and then closed the door behind him.
I shook my head and looked at her. You okay?
She nodded and looked down at herself, as if she were trying to see if she was dressed. Yes. Just ignore Dylan. I do.
I grinned. I didnt know if I could ignore him, but I would try. I would do anything she asked me. 
Is he really your brother? I asked, lying back on the pillow with my arms under my head.
She shot me a knowing look and shook her head. No. None of us are blood related. We formed a family before our vampire father died.
That piqued my interest and I sat back up. What happened to him? I thought you said vampires didnt die.
She let out a humorless laugh, smoothing down the top of her hair. I did have to admit, it was kinda sticking up in places, but it was cute.
We can die, especially when someone shoves a stake through our heart or cuts our heads off.
I suppose that would make someone very dead, I replied dryly.
My fathers name was Amos and he found me in 1947 in New Orleans. My daddy had been killed in World War II and my mama wasnt doing well. She was sick with something I later learned was leukemia, but we didnt know it back then. She died about a year after my dad.
I know I had pity swimming in my eyes. How could I not? Shed lost her parents young too. Although, she wasnt to blame for their deaths like I was
She continued. I was working in a small greasy diner, waiting tables and trying to make enough to keep a roof over my head. Amos came in one day and ordered coffee and a rare steak. While I thought it was odd, she said, smiling at the memory, I was in no position to question or judge, so I brought him his meal and he tipped me generously.
He began coming in weekly, always ordering the same thing. I grew fond of him and looked forward to his visits. Amos was turned in his mid-forties so he was very fatherly toward me. One night as I was leaving work real late, I made my way down the sidewalk to begin my walk home. He was waiting for me outside the diner in his big fancy car. He offered to give me a ride home, and I trusted him, so I got in.
I was alarmed by this, but I had to remember she was speaking about a time much different from ours. Even if she had married this older man, it probably wouldnt have been as taboo back then as it would be now. People were kinder and less dangerous back then.
He took me to his opulent house on the Mississippi River and told me all about who he was and what kind of life he had. He already knew I was alone in the world, through our many chats in the diner. I accepted his offer because I was literally living hand to mouth, and had nothing to lose.
She looked at me, seemingly for approval or some kind of reaction, but I didnt have one. The story was simple enough. Well I cant say I blame you, Karina. You didnt seem like you had many options. There were no programs and college grants back then like there are now for people in your situation.
She smiled, grateful for my understanding. Exactly.
So what happened to Amos?
She frowned. When I accepted his offer, I was introduced to Raf and Zane. They are actually brothers from an actual family. They were soldiers from the first World War, saved by some vampires who were fighting in the war alongside them. They kind of saw too much, if you know what Im saying. Ive talked to them about it, they have no regrets. They were labeled missing in action and just never went home. It was such a long time ago she trailed off.
And Dylan? I asked, a bitter shade lacing my voice.
She laughed. Oh, we acquired him in the 1980s. Hes technically older than me in human years, about twenty-two when he was turned, but since I was already in the family, hes technically the youngest.
I smiled. You are older than him anyway, if he was born in the 1960s.
Yep.
So what happened to Amos? I asked again, as shed veered off-course.
Oh yeah. So after we found Dylan, we moved to New York to start over. We have to move every fifteen years or so. New York has a huge vampire population and another big shot vamp didnt like Amos moving his clan in his territory, even though Amos told him many times we werent a clan, just a quiet family and would keep to ourselves. This guy  his name is Malcolm Rich  had Amos killed. Left his bloody head on our doorstep. Poor Zane found it. It was one of the worst days of my life.
She looked down as if she was about to cry. I pulled her to me and hugged her tight. Im sorry.
She pulled away and smiled. Its okay, it was a long time ago.
When was this?
In 1991. Raf kind of took over after that. We moved around for a while, then to Texas five years ago.
I nodded. Can I ask you something?
Sure.
Why are you going to college and taking physics? I mean, that seems kind of mundane and useless.
She grinned. Im bored. I want a college degree and a job.
What do you yall do for money? I asked, that aspect just dawning on me. Its not like they could work day jobs.
Amos left us a shit ton of money, she said. And Raf is super smart with the stock market. He has made more. We pay cash for our houses and sometimes we get lucky and make a good chunk when we sell. We only have to pay for utilities. Its not like we have to spend much on food and we obviously have no medical bills.
I see, I said, nodding. So what kind of job do you think youre going to get?
She shrugged one pale shoulder, the strap of her blue nightie slipping down. Not sure. Maybe something in the medical field, and Ill tell them I can only work nights.
So what I am supposed to do? How do I fit in here?
She looked down and played with the silky lining on the top of the sheet that was covering her lap. Were not sure. We have to see if youre a wolf first or not. Thatll be in about a month.
I cant wait, I said wryly.

CHAPTER 9

We kind of all fell into an odd but comfortable pattern over the next month. Dylan, Raf, and Zane went out at night, and I never asked where they went, but the fridge was always stocked with blood bags and I never saw any of them use any. I had my suspicions as to what they were doing, but I really didnt care.
I was pretty much sequestered to the house. Sometimes during the day I would get up and disable the alarm so I could sneak out into the backyard just to feel the sun on my face; to feel like I still existed. I was starting to grieve the loss of my life. My parents were gone, I had to drop out of college, I no longer had my lame little job at Applebees, and no more friends. These vampires were literally my life now, and it was a fact I had little choice but to accept.
One night, Raf and Zane came home at three a.m. from wherever it was they went. I was sitting at the table surfing the Internet (they had been nice enough to buy me a laptop so I didnt die of boredom) and Dylan tossed a stack of papers onto the dining room table. One of them floated onto the keyboard of my laptop and I picked it up and stared at it.
It was a large photo of me, my embarrassing high school photo from the yearbook, with a large MISSING written above my face. It had my age, date of birth, height, weight, and the date I was last seen (the day my parents died). It had the FBIs phone number, along with the number to the local police department of the small town we lived in. 
Those were plastered all over downtown Dallas, in every club, restroom stall, telephone pole, and taxi window, Dylan spat.
I raised my eyebrow and looked at him. Is that where you guys go at night? Clubbing in Dallas?
Dylan smacked me in the side of the head. Listen, asswipe, where we go is totally not the point right now! Weve only been here five years and now we have to move again!
He sounded like he was on the edge of cracking, and I was trying not to laugh. His pale face was turning red, which I didnt think was possible, and his silvery eyes looked like they were gleaming. Okay, where are we moving to? I asked.
Raf sighed and sat down. I looked at his long, wavy brown hair that fell to his shoulders and his strong-looking facial features. He was dressed in a neatly pressed red dress shirt and slacks. He looked like he belonged on the cover of a romance novel or something and I knew he probably had no problem getting women. He looked to be in his late twenties, or maybe even thirty  but I knew he was much, much older than that. 
I knew the second Karina brought you in and turned you, wed have to move. This town is small, which is risky enough, but now your mug is plastered all over Dallas. He held up a flyer. If you dont wolf out on us tomorrow, were packing up and moving to Denver.
Zane and Karina groaned. 
I looked at them. What? Denvers nice. Ive been there before. Its cold though.
Its not the cold. Its the sun. Believe it or not, Colorado gets over three hundred days of sun per year, Zane said, spouting off the statistic.
So does Texas.
He has a point, Karina said.
The three men, seemingly done with the conversation, turned and walked away.
As morning drew near, I went upstairs to retire to my room and lay awake, wondering if I was going to turn into a wolf that night when I woke up. I barely slept at all.

* * *

I wandered downstairs leisurely, ready for my first mug of warm blood and all three brothers were standing in the kitchen. They were gazing at me as if they were waiting for me to do something. I looked at the three of them oddly, trying not to laugh. They looked like guard dogs ready to pounce.
What? I asked. 
Get yourself fed, its time to go downstairs.
I hit the buttons on the microwave and walked to the trash can, depositing the bag in. What, already?
Raf looked at his watch. Yes, the full moon will be at its highest in thirty-two minutes.
I couldnt believe the ridiculousness of this. I didnt feel any different. Not that I knew how I should have felt, but if I was gonna turn into a monstrous, murderous animal, shouldnt I be feeling something different? Twitchy or sprouting hair in weird places?
I took my time drinking my blood breakfast and rinsed out the mug. Dylan apparently lost his patience and grabbed me by the arm and dragged me toward the door leading to the basement. I had let him get away with the little slap to my head last night, but I wasnt in the mood for his shit today so I growled at him and they all froze, looking at me.
Get your hands off me. I can walk.
Seriously, Dylan. Hes not going to hurt you, Karina said, putting her hand out for me to grab. I took her soft hand and she led me down the stone stairs to the cold, dark basement and I shuddered as I looked at it again. I hadnt been down here since the night they found me, for obvious reasons. 
She led me to a room that had nothing in it, except for one little plastic chair, the type you sit in outside in the backyard when you want to take a rest from gardening. Okay, I made that up. Ive never done any gardening but its just what it reminded me of.
I noticed a small window on the door as Karina gently put me inside the room. Were gonna lock it from the outside and youll have to stay in there for twenty-four hours. Im sorry. She looked at me apologetically.
I looked at the three men. Seriously? You couldnt have put a TV or something in here?
Zane laughed and shook his blonde head. No, dude, if you turn to a wolf, youll break it.
The whole thing seriously started to creep me out. What the hell was I supposed to do in here for twenty four hours? Can I at least get something to read?
Dylan walked to a nearby bookcase and pulled a small paperback book from the shelf and threw it at me, laughing. Here ya go, have fun. And he seemed to take way too much pleasure locking the door.
I looked down at the book. It was Cycle of the Werewolf by Stephen King.
Very funny, asshole! I yelled, plopping down in the chair.

I paced the room for a good hour. I was already going stir-crazy. Four white walls and a green plastic chair. I picked up the book and decided I had to read it. I mean, what else was I going to do?
I lay on my back and held the book over my face as I read. I would occasionally see one of the family peek in and look at me, but I ignored them. Even Karina.
 After the first chapter, I started to feel nauseas. I put the book down and looked around. Crap. If I puke, I get to smell it for the next twenty-two hours, I said to myself.
I began to pace again, hoping it would go away. But then a pain began to rip through my gut like someone had punched me. I doubled over, now really fighting the urge to throw up.
Then I broke out in a horrific sweat. I felt like I had food poisoning. I had had it once in the tenth grade after some bad Chinese food. My parents and I were so sick, we couldnt even care for each other. This is what this felt like. I stripped off my clothes down to my boxers and paced the floor. My fangs had come out and I was now hearing everything in the house. I heard a scratching noise outside my prison and looked through the window. A small mouse scurried across the floor and I wanted nothing more than to break the door down and eat it. My mouth watered at the thought, and my brain screamed at how wrong that was.
I looked down at my hands and my nails were beginning to grow into claws. A flashback of the night my parents were killed came crashing into my mind and I remembered these claws, gripping my fathers arms and practically tearing them in half while I bit into his jugular.
My heart felt like it was going to explode out of my chest. Hair was beginning to sprout on my arms and legs and I looked into the small window and could see a faint reflection of myself and I screamed. I literally looked like a monster, something I would see in a horror movie. Only I was the real deal. I wanted to break down the door and tear something to pieces. Dylan was first on the list.
And speak of the devil, his face appeared in the window moments later and his eyes got big. I picked up the plastic chair and threw it at the door. When that didnt produce the desired effect, I lunged toward it, shoulder first, hoping to break it down so I could take that bastards head off. I felt something wet on my chest and looked down to see drool swinging from my mouth in white, stringy, frothy lengths.
Dylans eyes were huge and he moved away from the door and scurried up the stairs like the vermin that he was. As soon as this was over, I was going to kill him, werewolf or no werewolf.
I was still burning up, hot and sweating. The nausea was gone but the fierce growling coming from the back of my throat was throbbing in my ears and annoying even to me. I paced the room, wondering if this was all. I looked down at my body and I still had human legs and arms, my boxers still in place. I was just covered in a lot of reddish-brown hair  fur?  and my fingernails and toenails were in desperate need of serious grooming.
I paced some more. My body was freaking out but my mind seemed to still be functioning. Aside from some serious rage that was bubbling up inside of me. I hadnt felt this angry since well, never. I wanted to scream  to howl  but I refused. I wasnt going to let those vampires think I was out of control. Lunging at Dylan had been a mistake, but hey, it was my first time.
I saw Raf, Zane, and finally Karina peering into the window, one by one, each with a horrified look on their faces. They all seemed fascinated and confused. I stopped looking at the window and just turned my back on it. I paced some more, wondering how long this was going to last. I was growling and drooling, but I was still in control. 
Keep it together, Evan, I told myself, even when I wanted to punch a hole in the wall.
At some point, I fell to the ground and passed out.

CHAPTER 10

I woke to a pounding headache. I looked around the white room and was immediately reminded of where I was and why I was here. I jumped up and inspected my body. I looked like me again. I ran to the window and looked at my face. I definitely needed a shave, but it was my plain ol face. I looked down at my hands and feet. Short fingernails and toenails. I sighed in relief.
I heard keys jangle and Raf opened the door.
You okay? he asked cautiously, staying next to the door with his hand on it, as if he was about to slam it shut.
I nodded. Yes. Thirsty.
He handed me a bottle of water, which I chugged down in one gulp and handed it back to him, empty.
How do you feel? he asked, his silvery eyes searching mine.
I nodded. Normal. Just hungry. What time is it?
Its two in the afternoon. The rest are sleeping, we took turns staying down here with you all night and day.
I took a deep breath and looked at him. Thank you. You didnt have to, but I appreciate it.
He motioned for me to come out. Well have to lock you in again tonight. You understand.
I nodded. I suppose.
Come upstairs, lets talk about what went on when you were the wolf-man.
We sat in the dark at the dining room table while I drank three bags of blood in a row and still felt hungry. I really want some meat.
Raf chuckled. I bet you do. I was gonna throw a raw piece in there with you last night but I couldnt risk getting scratched.
What happens if a wolf scratches you? I asked, curious.
It wont kill us, but it makes us very sick, it takes days to recover from it. In fact, some very young vampires have died from a wolf scratch.
So then how can I be both wolf and vampire and survive if the wolf virus is in me?
Raf shook his head. Karina, the guys, and I have been discussing this all night. I am going to call a very old vampire friend of Amoss and ask him if hes ever seen a hybrid. If you were a regular werewolf, you would turn into a real, live wolf. Like the one that attacked you on the side of the road. Not that hairy, fangy, beasty thing I saw. He shuddered.
I nodded. Hey, speaking of that. Where do the wolves hang out around here? I want to find that bastard who bit me.
Raf smiled wickedly. Dylan and I killed him.
My eyes went big. You did?
Yes, we went back to the spot you were attacked and opened a blood bag and poured it on the ground. We waited for the stupid mutt to catch the scent. It wasnt hard. As soon as he showed, I broke his neck.
You werent worried about a scratch?
No, we wore like four layers of clothes each over our arms and legs. He hardly even got close. Dylan pinned him down and I snapped his neck. He turned back into a scrawny kid after he died. I felt kinda bad, though, he looked no older than a teen, Raf finished.
Now I felt bad. Well, maybe not. He did cause me to kill my parents. Or was that the vampire in me? I was so confused.
So what did your talk last night with everyone conclude?
We think youre a hybrid, plain and simple. In fact, I dont even know if youll transform tonight again. But you understand we have to take precautions anyhow, right?
I nodded. Of course. Can I at least have my laptop?
You might destroy it, he said.
No, I was conscious the whole time. I swear, Raf. I was thinking rationally  I only threw the chair at Dylan cause hes a dick.
Raf laughed. Yeah, he can be.
If I dont turn tonight, can I not be locked in that room every month?
He grew serious. I dont know. Unfortunately, were going to have to experiment for a few months.
When we do we move?
Ive got the house on the market, so whenever it sells, were out of here.
Sounds good to me, I thought.
I went to the fridge and pulled out a steak sitting in a pool of its own bloody juices and ate it raw over the sink with my hands as blood dribbled down my chin. It was orgasmic.

* * *

The house sold in six days. A moving company came and packed up all our stuff. Correction, they came and packed up all their stuff. The siblings were pretty excited that I could supervise during the day so they wouldnt have to pay extra and endure strange looks and questions from the humans as to why had to only come pack at night. I just laughed.
In the meantime, at night, I would sneak into Karinas room, as I had been doing since that very first night. At first the snuggling was nice, but that turned into some serious touching, which progressed into clothes coming off, which eventually led to me losing my virginity. Im pretty sure the other guys in the house knew what was going on, but ignored it. Dylan was a continual ass to me, so I never did know if it was because of my relationship with Karina or because he was just a miserable bastard. I suspected he and Karina may have had a tight sibling bond before I came along and now her attention was on me. Oh well, it wasnt something I could help, and I didnt really care if he liked it or not.
We drove for two days behind the large moving truck to Denver. Raf and Zane had taken a red-eye flight to Denver two weeks prior and found us a house. They paid cash for it, and it was ready for us to move in. It was in lower downtown  or Lo-Do as they called it around here. It was a nice old Victorian with eight rooms and an old world feel. It also had a basement, which was a must-have, obviously.
The night after my initial wolf turning, I hadnt turned again during that moons cycle. Raf thought it was something about the full moon being the fullest on the first night, and the wolf virus being very faint in my system. He concluded that I was mostly vampire, but didnt have the sun allergy. He joked that hed risk wolfing out once a month to be able to walk in the sun. I had to say, I agreed. I didnt tell him about the seething rage I felt during the transformation, and I didnt plan on it. I wanted to gain the trust of my new siblings, so they wouldnt lock me in a room once a month. I could control it, hairy beast or not. I just knew it.
We settled into Denver, and because it was late summer, the days were still long. The family quickly learned what a huge asset I could be to them since I could go out in the daylight. They bought me a crapload of new clothes, got me a fake ID, and sent me on a bunch of errands. It didnt take me long to learn how much power I held in this new family. They seemed to need me, and that need turned into respect, which turned into like.
When the full moon hit on our first night in Denver, they simply locked me down in the basement. They had left all their stuff in the detached garage and it was pretty empty down there.
The door to the basement was reinforced pretty well and as I paced around the large, empty space, I realized that they had given me nothing to do. Not even a book. At least I knew I only had to endure it for one night this time.
It wasnt long until the nausea hit me and the stomach cramps. I knew what to expect this time so I tried to keep my breathing even and not panic. I stripped my clothes off once the fever started invading my body and I was thankful that there were no reflective surfaces down here, as I didnt need to see myself this time. I could easily see in the dark and knew there was excess hair on my body. My nails were again razor-sharp points, and I could feel my sharp fangs with my tongue.
Then the rage started. I felt like I was going to overheat. I wanted to kill something or someone in the worst way. I felt the drool falling from my mouth, my jaws wanting to clamp down on something soft and bloody. I stalked up the stairs and pounded on the door.
Let me out, I said through my fangs.
The talking in the dining room stopped immediately. Then I could hear them whisper.
Dont do it, Dylan said.
No way, said Zane.
What if hes hurt or something? Katrinas voice.
He probably is. It cant be pleasant. It was Raf.
They were quiet some more, so I pounded again. Please let me out. I tried to sound calm.
Do not give in, Raf said in hushed tones.
They were quiet, listening for anything. I was shaking now, getting so angry at them for locking me in there. I didnt want to be in that basement. I wanted to be out, not locked away like some animal.
But wasnt that what I was? Some disgusting animal-slash-vampire nothing about me was human anymore. I didnt blame them for not opening the door. I wouldnt in their case. It didnt stop me from becoming irrationally angry about it, though.
I switched tactics, I began to whine like a spoiled puppy. Loud, annoying squeals, mixed in with words like help me and please open up.
They still didnt budge. I must have stood there for an hour and begged and whined. At times I felt surges of rage and beat my hairy fists on the door or scratched it with my long claws and demanded they open it up. I tried shoulder-barging it, but it was no use.
I started to feel sleepy and faint. I decided I better get back downstairs before I passed out and tumbled down the stairs. That would definitely hurt in the morning. I gave up my cause and barely made it down the stairs before I curled up and passed out at the foot of the staircase like the dog that I was.

* * *

Good morning, sunshine, I heard Karinas voice tinkle in my ear.
I looked up into her blue eyes and then down at myself. I was in the same spot Id been when I had fallen asleep. I got up and stretched. I didnt feel any pain and quickly put my clothes back on and went upstairs holding Karinas hand.
Im going to bed now, she said once we reached the dining room.
I yawned. What time is it?
Its eight a.m. I took duty all night while the boys went out. Aside from your little outburst early in the evening, everything was quiet.
I nodded and looked down. Im sorry about that. I dont know why I do that.
Because youre part wolf. They are an angry species that let rage control them. She put her hand on my arm and I looked up into her face. But you cant let it control you, Evan. You control it, got it?
Yes, I think I can control it with some practice. I didnt even know why I wanted out. I honestly couldnt tell you what I was going to do if someone had opened that door.
Probably would have attacked one of us. Its in your nature.
I nodded again and went for a blood bag. I saw her head toward the staircase, her hand resting on its ornate railing. The houses design was much more intricate since it was built in the 1800s. Someone had gone through the trouble to restore its original beauty and it was beautiful.
Goodnight, I told her.
I sat alone at the dining room table and contemplated her words. She was right. I wasnt going to let this wolf in me control me. I was going to have to find a way to manage my rage.

CHAPTER 11

Downtown Denver  Lo-Do  was quiet on a Monday afternoon. Raf had sent me to sneak into the local Red Cross and steal a couple dozen bags of blood. The first time Id done it in Dallas, I thought I was gonna puke. Now I was an old pro. I found that even though I was part wolf, I had lots of vampire characteristics, too. One being the power to hypnotize  or allusion as they called it  came in handy. I walked into the donation center, said I wanted to donate, then stole a few bags out of the cooler. It was like taking candy from a kid.
I threw the Igloo cooler into the Mercedes  the one car we all shared  and made my way back to our home. I had gotten about halfway home when I noticed a black Toyota Camry following me. The reason I knew the exact kind of car it was is because my parents had had one before they died. I had excellent eyesight now thanks to the wolf, or maybe it was the vampire thing, I didnt know, but I still couldnt see who was driving the Camry.
I pulled around the corner to my street and the Camry was still following me. I gave it the benefit of the doubt when I was on the main roads in Denver. I mean, it was a big city. But this person was still following me, and no way was I gonna let him know where I lived.
I pulled the Benz to the side of the road and hoped hed follow me. The Camry kind of stopped in the middle of the road, seeming to be unsure as to what it should do. I flew out of the car at unnatural speed  and opened his drivers side door. I pulled the driver out and slammed him up against the car door. When my eyes focused in on my stalker, I gasped in shock. I was looking into eyes so much like my own. I was looking at my father.

* * *

The siblings were going to kill me for bringing wolves into the house. I figured it was only noon, the bloodsuckers were still asleep.
And thats it? I asked, my mouth still gaping open at the story mom had told me.
Yes, thats it. You bit and scratched us, we are wolves now. Our lives are over. Weve been looking for you for months.
How did you find me? I breathed.
Dad tapped his nose. We followed your scent.
I raised an eyebrow at him. Seriously? From Texas to Colorado?
Your sense of smell isnt that strong? my dad asked.
Well, heres the thing
I went on to tell him about how Karina had saved me, and how I was now a hybrid and was basically the vampires day-walking bitch in exchange for food, clothing, and shelter.
My dad shook his head. It took us a long time to figure out what the hell had happened to us. We had to fend for ourselves. We have been worried sick about you. We thought you joined the local pack, so we went there first. When we didnt find you there, we thought maybe you were dead.
I wanted to be, I murmured.
Well, lucky for you, your bites and scratches did not kill us. You did the least amount of damage to your mother, so she woke first.
My mom nodded. Yes, I woke briefly as you were biting Dad, but then you attacked me. She ended on a whisper.
I fought back a tear as she told her story. I was lower than pond scum for doing that to them.
But then you bit me, too. I thought I was gonna die, son, she finished.
We lay there for a couple of days. Neither of us could move but we were able to speak to each other. We started to feel better and were able to move around at the end of the second day. By the end of the third day, I had cleaned up all the blood but we didnt know what to do. We didnt understand why or how youd done what youd done until the first cycle of the full moon when we discovered what we were, my dad said.
You guys cant begin to understand the anguish Ive been going through. Ive thought about killing myself so many times, but being that Im part vampire, I didnt think it would work, or Id be doomed to Hell or something. I ended on a sigh.
Im just so glad we found you. I guess we owe the vampires a thank-you for saving you.
I smiled. Yes, theyve been most kind. Well, most of them. Theres one here whose head Id like to remove from his shoulders, but in due time. I smiled wickedly.
Why do I smell wolf stench?
We all turned to see Dylan standing at the bottom of the stairs in nothing but pajama bottoms. You brought wolves into the house? he growled, narrowing his eyes at me.
My parents! I said, jumping up.
Dylan cocked his head to the side. I thought you said you killed them.
I thought I did.
He left us for dead. But we didnt die. We healed and turned into wolves, my dad said, defending me.
Interesting. Now, if youd take your little family reunion elsewhere, this is a no-wolf zone. Dylan pointed around the house.
I nodded.
He went back up the stairs.
Endearing, isnt he? I said, rolling my eyes.
Yeah, I can see why you want to kill him, my dad said dryly.
So what are you going to do now? I asked them.
Were going back to Texas. We joined the local pack there. When we went there looking for you, we were told by the pack leader that we had to join. They asked if we find you, to bring you there since one of their pack scratched you.
I looked at him in horror. I will not be joining a wolf pack.
My dad laughed. No, we dont think theyd want a half vampire among them. Were just going to tell them youre still missing, that our lead turned up a dead-end. Its safer for you that way.
I felt sad knowing my parents were going back to Texas but I knew it was better for everyone that way. 
We visited for a few more hours, totally ignoring Dylans orders to make my parents leave, and realized the rest of the family would be up soon. I wanted them to meet my new brothers, and of course Karina, but Id have to explain things first before just surprising them. My parents promised to return the next month.
I walked them to the door, tears in my eyes, sad they were leaving but so happy they were alive. I felt like a huge weight had been lifted off my chest.

The Epilogue

So now I ask: Do you believe in love at first sight? I used to. I dont think it was love at first sight with Karina. I think it was an attraction that led to love. Ten years have passed since the horrific violence I suffered because of the wolf who attacked me and changed my life that night. People are still talking about my disappearance. There are websites and even a Facebook page dedicated to finding me. A cool looking age-progression photo has been made up by some nice citizen speculating as to what Id look like at thirty. It was entertaining to see the first time, but there is no way I am ever going to look like that. The vampire venom sealed my fate. I still look 20 and always will.
I believe my fate was already intertwined in Karinas since that night I first saw her in the physics class. I probably would have become a vampire anyway since I wanted to spend eternity with her, but now I have the best of both worlds. Superhuman strength and senses, without that pesky sunlight allergy. Yeah the wolf-man thing kinda sucks, but they dont lock me up anymore, and its fun to threaten Dylan and see the look on his face. I still havent killed the prick, but I might one day. And the blood drinking  still not a fan, but Im used to it. I even tap a vein or two a few times a month when Im out with my brothers. Its nice to have siblings, even if they arent by blood, since I never had any growing up.
My parents are still living happily in Texas. I see them every couple months or so. They actually like being wolves. Can you believe that? Whatever.
I dont know what the future holds for me, but I do know one thing; violence is a part of my life now. This world I live in isnt pretty and it isnt neat, its violent a lot of the time. My one bright spot is Karina. Shes my bright vampire angel in the violent darkness.
I just hope I dont accidentally kill her during the full moon.


The End


OTHER BOOKS BY C.J. PINARD:
Enchanted Immortals (Book #1)  Free everywhere!
Enchanted Immortals 2: The Vortex
Enchanted Immortals 3: The Vampyre
Enchanted Immortals 4: The Vixen 
BSI: Bureau of Supernatural Investigation (An Enchanted Immortals Novella)
Patriotic Duty (When Riley Met Cara #1) Free everywhere!
Tour of Duty (When Riley Met Cara #2)
Soul Rebel (Rebel Riders #1)
Three of a Kind: Tales of Luck, Chance & Misfortune (short story collaboration) Free everywhere!
Summer Sizzle: Stories of Love, Lust, and Passion (short story collaboration) Free everywhere!
Blood Bites: Three Vampire Tales (short story collaboration)
Unscathed (A contemporary romance collaboration with Tim ORourke)
Coming soon: 
Beneath Broken (new adult romance)
Soul Redemption (Rebel Riders #2)

All books available on all venues!


ABOUT THE AUTHOR:
C.J. is a west coast native who has lived on both coasts and now lives near the middle, in Colorado! Coming from a family of writers and editors, she feels writing is in her blood and hopes people will lose themselves for a little while in the fantasy and fun of her stories. She also loves sweet red wine, the SF 49ers, and unlike most authors, doesn't have any cats. When she's not writing, she can be found chasing around her kids or working at her day job, which she totally feels interferes with her real life, but also sometimes gives her inspiration for her books, since reality is sometimes way more interesting than fiction.
She also loves getting notifications that people have sent her an email, added her on Facebook, or on Goodreads. So stop by and say hi - don't be shy! She's not! :)
cjpinardauthor@gmail.com
http://cjpinard.com/
https://www.facebook.com/CJPinardAuthor?ref=hl
http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6565787.C_J_Pinard

The Blood Pool
By LR Potter
Copyright 2013 LR Potter

This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writers imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales, or organizations is entirely coincidental.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Prologue

Lexie Maddingly squealed good-naturedly as the broad-shouldered man with the black eyes threw her on the bed. He advanced towards her with a menacing stride and a salacious grin on his face. He growled as he followed her onto the bed. 
Now, lets see what youre hiding under all these clothes, he said as he began to slowly unbutton her blouse. Losing patience, he grabbed the blouse in both hands and ripped it open, scattering buttons in every direction. This only caused Lexie to shriek louder.
The man lowered himself to place his lips firmly against hers. With the smoothness that comes from years of experience, he slid his tongue easily into her mouth. Once she began to pant in excitement, he drew back and allowed his eyes to follow the line of her body. She had small breasts, but they were lovely. The tips of his fingers glided over them. Goosebumps rose on the girls flesh. He lowered his lips to her breasts to lick and nip at them playfully. She groaned when he sucked hard, pulling a nipple into his mouth.
He slipped his hands onto the waistband of her jeans and unfastened them before easing them away from her body. He stared down at her smooth white flesh and his hunger flared. Moving quickly off the bed, he snatched his clothes off before rejoining her.
Im about to rock your world, he said with a grin.
Show dont tell, she replied smartly, before dissolving into giggles.
He grinned as he lifted and bent her knees and placed his body lightly within the cradle hed made with her body. With one single thrust, he slammed into her. She groaned as he slid in and out. She lifted her hands to place them on his arms, but he grabbed them one by one and held them captive within his own. As her blood became ignited in fiery passion, she began to gyrate her hips against him seeking her release, nearly desperate to have it.
He placed his lips once more against hers and licked his way into her mouth. As he felt her body reach its orgasmic pinnacle, he lowered his lips to her neck and nipped playfully. When her body exploded and began to clench around his rock-hard shaft, he bit into the soft flesh of her neck, his lips and teeth instinctively finding the artery there. Lost in her passion, it took her a moment to acknowledge the pain, but by then it was too late. She screamed as her passion turned to panic, but he kept thrusting his body into hers until he finally found his release. Empting himself into her, he drank from her neck until she passed out passed out, but not drained. No, the rules of the Blood Pool were that the winner received the fire-heated blood of passion, but the other three were allowed to drink, then destroy.
Unclamping his teeth, he reluctantly pulled back from his prize. He pulled his shaft from her silky velvetiness and moved from the bed. Three others appeared from the shadows. Like rabid animals, they pounced on the unconscious woman and began to rip her body apart, piece by piece, until her remains were scattered just as her buttons had been scattered just minutes before. 

Chapter 1

Molly OConnell rolled her tired shoulders as she studiously wiped down the shiny top of the bar. Itd been a long week, and the weekend looked to be just as long. Thursday was ladies night at the Hanging Lantern and it drew both the ladies and those seeking the company of ladies. Last call had come and gone and the crowd was beginning to dwindle. She grabbed the coffee pot and walked down to where Alec Kilton sat. Molly gave the new bouncer a hesitant smile. Heat from his penetrating gaze warmed her deep in her belly.
Alec made her nervous. She wasnt sure why exactly. Nervous wasnt exactly the word more like he made her aware of him in some way, even though hed barely spoken to her. His presence was just commanding. Hed been nothing but pleasant to her since hed been hired the week before. He was quiet and observant. His dark, piercing eyes seemed to see everything. He gave her a small smile in return when shed topped off his coffee. He was a ruggedly handsome man with dark wavy hair and a lean, muscular body that he kept typically encased in a black T-shirt and black jeans  his uniform of choice.
Alec studied the little bartender as she made her way back to return the coffee pot. Her riotous red curls hung nearly to her waist. He watched the gentle sway of her butt and shook his head. Molly OConnell was a beautiful woman. Her Irish heritage showed through in not only her hair color, but also her fair complexion, complete with a smattering of freckles across her nose, and her nearly iridescent green eyes. He was definitely interested in her and thought shed make for a nice diversion while he was forced to stay in this dreary little town.
Tearing his gaze away from her, Alec surveyed the bar as people began filtering out. He stayed until the bar emptied. So far, his trip had been a bust. 
Hed spotted a few vampires in their midst and wondered why the humans didnt sense their presence. He watched as one vamp draped his arm over the shoulders of an unsuspecting blonde woman. Alec watched the vampire closely seeking any dangerous intent, but he didnt feel anything coming from the vamp but lustful desire. He kept his gaze moving from one vamp to the next.
Once the bar was completely emptied, Alec once again turned his attention to the pretty little bartender. He watched as she washed glasses and put up the unused fruit. When she moved to the small office area, Alec moved behind the bar and poured two shot-glasses of Fireball, a cinnamon-flavored whiskey. Molly arched her eyebrows when she saw him leaning against the bar from the other side. 
You deserve a drink. Its on me, Alec said with a wicked grin.
I could use a drink, she replied as she moved towards him. She climbed gracefully up onto a barstool and exhaled deeply, thankful to be off her feet. As she inhaled, it was almost as if Alec filled all her senses. Her body began to tingle and she was immediately drawn to him. What was wrong with her, she thought. 
Alec moved from behind the bar and settled onto the stool next to her. He lifted his shot-glass and waited until she lifted her hers. He tapped the glasses together before slamming the drink back. He allowed his eyes to follow the line of her legs to the hem of her very short skirt as she slowly savored her shot. She watched his eyes brazenly move up her body. If anyone else had done it, shed have knocked their blocks off. But with Alec, it was like she could feel his gaze as it slumbered up her body. She was forced to suck in a deep breath to calm her nearly overpowered senses.  She licked her lips against the sticky sweet drink. His eyes were drawn to the movement.
So no husband and kids to run home to? he asked.
Alec could tell the question caught her off guard as her body tensed momentarily. Nope, she replied guardedly, flicking her eyes away. Inhaling deeply, she lifted her eyes to his nearly black ones. What about you? You married? she asked.
No. Not anymore, he replied.
Divorced? 
No, my wife died, he returned softly.
Im so sorry, she said.
He shook his head and gave her a smile. It was a long time ago.
He leaned over to grab the whiskey bottle and the brushing of his arm against hers caused awareness to course through her. There was something about this man, something innately dangerous  yet protective at the same time.
He met her gaze as he absently poured them both another shot. Like her, he nursed this shot. He didnt want to be fuzzy-headed when he began to enjoy the delights of her body. And enjoy it he would. He glanced down at the white linen blouse with the drawstring neckline, which showcased her amble breasts. He felt himself harden at the thought of them springing free into his hands. 
She propped an elbow up on the bar and leaned her face against her hand as she studied him. He met her eyes steadily. There was something so mesmerizing about him. She found it nearly impossible to pull her eyes away from his. She gasped in anticipation when, with slow deliberation, he reached out a hand and brushed his knuckles against her cheek. Leaning forward he placed his cool lips against hers. He smiled at her sharp inhale as she breathed him in. Humans  females specifically  were so easy to manipulate. 
He ran his tongue over her lips, tasting the sweetness of the drink. Setting his glass down, he slid to his feet and grasped her face within his palms. Sliding his tongue into her mouth, he deepened the kiss. The slippery slide of tongue against tongue had her breathing rapidly. She moaned when he sucked gently against her tongue. 
He ran gentle hands over her shoulders, down her arms, then cupped her breasts. She lifted hands that shook and buried them in his hair. Excitement, like never before, sang in her blood. Nearly frantic with the unexpected and nearly overwhelming rush of passion, she leaned into him and began tugging up his shirt at the same time he was tugging hers down to expose the white orbs of her breasts. Hed just dropped his head to wrap his lips around one of their rosy peaks when the bell above the door chimed, indicating someone had entered.
She warred with her body against the need to keep his lips against her breast and the need for decency. Shock and embarrassment overruled her overheated body as she quickly pulled herself away from Alec and tugged her clothes back into place. The flame that had previously been searing through her blood now seemed to be pooled in her neck and face. Sliding off the barstool, she edged away from him to the amused stare of the man at the door. Like Alec, his eyes were dark. Unlike Alec, he presented only danger and no protectiveness. Molly shivered for some unknown reason.
Im sorry, but the bar is closed, she said.
Alec, I can see you are hard at it, said the man in a mocking tone.
Without turning around, Alec replied, Canton, what an untimely surprise.
I guess that depends on who you ask, the man replied.
Wiping nervous hands down the front of her skirt, Molly moved back behind the bar. I really need to head on home. I dont care if you and your friend stay, just be sure to lock up before you go, okay? she said.
Alec sighed heavily. The visions hed had of her strapped to her bed as he plunged into her over and over again would have to wait duty called. Sure thing. Ill see you tomorrow night. Goodnight, Molly. You be careful out there, he replied.
With a nod to both of them, she gathered her belongings and scurried out of the bar.
Your timing really, really blows, Alec said as he began tucking the hem of his shirt back into his jeans before turning to face Canton.
Cantons long, black leather coat flared as he walked, reminding Alec of a gunfighter from the old west. The Nave is concerned and wanted me to come and check on things, he said as he slipped into the barstool next to Alec and downed the shot left in his glass. Grimacing, Canton said, God, Alec, what kind of crap is this?
Alec just grinned. Its what the ladies like. Not that youd know anything about that.
I dont have to know what they like. I can get them anyway. My appeal to the humans is strong, Canton grinned.
Yes, you are a god among men, Alec smirked.
Canton moved behind the bar and picked up a bottle of Glenlivet and grabbed a clean glass. After pouring a measure, he allowed the single-malt whiskey to coat his tongue before swallowing. Now, thats good whiskey, he murmured in appreciation. After taking another swallow, he asked, So, what do we know?
Alec exhaled deeply. Nothing. Ive been in this dump of a town for two weeks, been working here for one, and havent gotten anything useful.
Thats not good. The Nave is deeply concerned that the viciousness of the attacks will once again bring vampires back under human scrutiny, Canton said.
I know, Alec replied. Whoever is doing the slayings is keeping a pretty low profile. Ive scanned very vamp Ive seen in the area, but havent sensed anything. Ive gone over the reports and visited the crime scenes, but cant get anything. I feel just as blind as the human investigators.
Maybe I should take a look, you know, put another set of eyes on it, Canton said.
Sure, come on. I have everything set up in my hotel room, Alec replied.
As they walked out of the bar, Canton asked, So what exactly were you going to do to that ripe human female?
Alec just shook his head and twisted his lips wryly. Whatever I wanted.
I wonder if shed have taken us both? Now that would have been interesting, he said with a laugh.
Im not ever swinging with you, Alec replied. He was surprised at how irritated it made him to think of Canton with Molly OConnell. He felt downright possessive of her. How strange was that? Hed not been interested in a human for long time; except as a way to release his pent-up frustrations, or as a food source. While there were a lot of vampires who kept a human as a mate, he no longer saw the point. The humans eventually aged and died, then what? 
He still remembered the pain of watching Elisa, his only long-term human mate, wither and die. While he wasnt sure he actually had a heart, it certainly had felt like it that day. So now, it seemed to go against the order of things in his mind. He liked to keep things in their proper place. He liked things compartmentalized. He was comfortable in reserving humans as a vessel for his sexual and animalistic desires. There was nothing better than biting into the jugular of a woman who was hitting her orgasmic high. The taste was unbelievable. The trick was to know when to stop to pull back. That took experience and skill learned from a strong Preceptor, or teacher.
Canton examined all the material Alec had gathered regarding the human slayings of late. Thered been a total of six women and in each case, the bodies had been drained then slaughtered. 
Was this the last one? Canton asked as he pointed to a newspaper clipping taped to the wall.
Yes. Lexie Maddingly.
Canton sighed heavily. This has got to be stopped. Itd be one thing if the foolish vampire simply destroyed the bodies, but to drain it first. That just points the finger at things humans dont need to be reminded of.
I agree.
How far apart are the killings? Canton asked.
Two sometimes three weeks, and always on a Saturday night. At least so far, Alec replied.
Canton tilted his head as he stared at the crime scene materials. Do you think its young vamps?
Or at least untrained ones, Alec said.
Have you found any connections between the women? Canton asked.
None yet. Ill give it another week, then Ill start questioning some of the local vamps. Im just not sure who to trust yet, Alec said.
Canton heaved a sigh. Victor wont be happy about this.
Tell him Im doing all I can. These things take time. I need to proceed with caution. I dont want to bring any undue attention to the situation, Alec said.

Alec stood looking at the newspaper clippings taped to the wall of all six women. Edginess washed over him. He needed to feed. But more than that, he needed a distraction Molly OConnell could actually provide both things to him. Hed watched Molly over the past week. For a human, he had to admit she was impressive. She worked hard and seemed to really care about those she served. She seemed to know everyone in the town as well as all their personal information. She was a caregiver at heart. 
He tilted his head as the thought of feeding from her seemed wrong somehow. He found he didnt want to regulate her to a mere means to an end. He exhaled sharply and ran a hand over his face. He really needed to get this situation taken care of and go back to the Nave.
The Nave, or the high order of Vampiric Hierarchy, specifically Victor, the esteemed and powerful leader of the Nave, had demanded Alec  the Naves Chief Enforcer  come right away and clean up this ever-increasing mess. As an enforcer, it was well within Alecs rights to destroy a fellow vampire; however, it still went against the natural order of things and not something in which he took pleasure. For vampires, there were only two high-level orders: you couldnt kill your own kind, meaning another vampire; and you must remain undetected by humans.

~+~

Molly OConnell walked wearily up the stairs to her apartment. She blinked in amazement when she realized she was standing in front of her door on the third floor. She didnt remember any part of the blocks shed had to walk between the Hanging Lantern and her apartment. Shame at how shed allowed Alec, a virtual stranger to touch her possess her, burned in her belly. Shed allowed him to place his lips on her breast in the middle of the damned bar. Shed struggled to rein in her heightened emotions. She longed to feel Alecs body close to hers, feel his lips back on her breast. Sadly, she even longed for just the smell of him. Just being in his company made her feel desirous and beautiful.
Unlocking her door, she stepped into the apartment and darted her eyes to ensure Wizard, her black and white cat, didnt try to sneak out the door. Moving into the living room, she set her purse on the table and her keys in a small silver dish Daniel had given her. She turned her head and sought out his picture on the mantel above the fireplace that she never used. Daniel had made her feel the same way Alec had. Daniel had overwhelmed her, made her long for things she wasnt destined to have. But Daniel had had his own demons to battle, and in the end, shed been unable to save him. The sight and smell of his burning corpse still lingered in her mind. The image of him holding her eyes as he strummed his thumb over the wheel of the lighter, still had her waking up screaming. 
She tilted her head as she thought. When shed first become aware of Daniels affair and had confronted him about it, hed cried and said he just couldnt help himself. Shed scoffed at his words; however, if what Daniel had felt was anything like how Alec had made her feel  as if all control had been stripped from her  then she could understand. 
Her family had asked her repeatedly why shed kept her deceased husbands picture on her mantel, given everything that had transpired prior to his death. Shed tried to explain that hed been sick. Surely a sane person wouldnt have doused themselves in kerosene and then struck a lighter.
Letting out a deep breath and shaking away the horrid memories, Molly made her way into the kitchen and poured cat food into Wizards bowl. The cat swirled its body around her legs and meowed. 
I didnt forget about you, she murmured to the cat.
As she bent to stroke the cats fur, her thoughts once again flicked back to Alec. Her face flamed at what he must think of her. She tensed as she thought about having to face him tomorrow night. He probably thought she slept around with everyone, when in fact, shed only ever been with Daniel. She ran a hand over her face as shame flamed its surface. What a mess  a disastrous mess.

Chapter 2

Molly was already behind the bar when Alec arrived. Her heart began to pound at the sight of him. He gave her a small knowing smile and a quick nod of his head. Her face burned with mortification. God, what had she been thinking? That was the problem, she hadnt been. Shed been no better than a wild animal wanting to rut in the wild. 
As was his norm, Alec took a seat at the end of the bar and let his eyes flit around the room. From where he sat, he could feel the emotions wafted to him from behind the bar. Molly was definitely turned up about something. Without any movement, he breathed in deeply, sucking her scent into his olfactory membranes. He almost couldnt wait for the bar to empty to have her. Hed nearly decided not to wait, but to grab her and take her back into the office. It would definitely go a long way in calming the both of them down. Hed gone as far as rising to his feet when common sense prevailed. With a deep sigh of regret, he lowered himself back down and switched all his senses away from her. He had a job to do. She would have to be put on ice, so to speak, until later. 
Alec had been seated at the bar for nearly an hour when an old Preceptor from way back stepped through the doors of the bar. Well, as I live and breathe, Alec and the Preceptor, Lennox Rhodes, both smirked at the pun. How the hell are you, Lennox? Alec asked as he patted the other vampire on his shoulder.
My God, Alec! How long has it been? Fifteen sixteen years? I didnt think anything could pull you away from the excitement of New York City and the Nave. What brings you to our little neck of the woods?
Nave business, Alec replied simply.
What kind of business would the Nave have in our area?
Alex met his gaze steadily. Lenny, what can you tell me about the rash of murders in this town in recent months? Are there any rumors on the wind about them?
Ahh. I wondered when I read about them in the paper if it was some of ours, Lennox replied.
Alex shrugged his shoulders. Thats what Im here to find out. So, theres nothing out there about them? he asked again.
Lennox shook his head. Not that Ive heard. But Ive been busy training several new vamps recently and havent gone out except to grab a snack or two. In fact, thats why Im even out tonight.
A persons got to eat, Alec said with a grin.
Lennox looked around the bar and his eyes lighted upon the lovely redhead behind the counter. Now, that is a tasty morsel. I think she might just suit my needs in more ways than one, he said audaciously. 
Alecs hackles instantly rose. With a shake of his head, he said, No, man, shes spoken for.
Lennoxs eyebrows rose. Really, by whom?
Me, Alec replied smoothly and unquestionably.
Okay, I see. So youre exclusive with the wee lass? Lennox asked in deference to her obvious Irish heritage.
Unequivocally, Alec replied.
Interesting, Lennox said softly before turning his head to study the little bartender once more. Very interesting, he said under his breath. Turning back to Alec, he said, Well, Im off to the hunt. I hope I see you again before you return to the Nave.
Im here every night. If you hear anything, will you let me know? Alec asked.
Of course, of course, Lennox assured him.
The herd is thick tonight, so hunting should be good and plentiful, Alec assured him.
So everythings available except for the redhead? Lennox asked with a grin.
Yep, everything but the redhead. Now, once I leave Alec shrugged.
Noted, Lennox said with a laugh. I can wait my turn. Just dont do any irreversible damage to her.
Never do, Alec assured him.
Alec watched Lennox as he started off into the throng of people already migrated in the bar. He smiled when less than two minutes later, Lennox was leading a young blonde woman out the door.
Later, Alec, Lennox called as he passed him.
Alec moved throughout the bar all night, closely examining each vamp that crossed his path, but he felt nothing except for the usual hunger and lust usually associated between vampire and human. By the end of the night he wanted to bang his head against the bar in exasperation. Instead, he eyed Molly behind the bar as she once again wiped down the polished surface. Oh, he had a much better way to relieve his frustration, and by hook or crook, tonight he would be well relieved and well fed. 
He sat back down at his usual place at the bar and once again targeted his mind towards the vamps as they began to exit the bar once Last Call had been given. From the corner of his eye, he watched as Molly began the process of closing things up behind the bar. He glanced her way when he saw her lifting a garbage bag out of the trash can from behind the bar and made her way out the back exit. When the door closed, he switched his attention back to the crowd. 
The crowd had thinned out considerably when the thought struck Alec that Molly had been gone longer than taking the garbage out required. An unnatural concern blossomed in his chest. A concern he refused to exam too closely. Moving swiftly through the bar, he opened the backdoor and moved silently into the back alley. What he saw caused his fury to rise quickly. Molly was pressed up against the dumpster while a young guy, no older than sixteen, was holding a knife, pointed in her direction. 
She raised her eyes to his and shook her head slightly. Alec wanted to laugh. She was trying to protect him from the kid with the knife. Stealthily, he came up behind the youth, before the boy was even aware of his presence, and plucked the offending knife from his fingers. The youth yelped when Alec grabbed him forcibly by the shoulder. 
Is there a problem here? Alec asked him.
The young man glanced at the sheer size of Alec and immediately set off at a dead run. 
Alec watched him run off and took a deep breath to release some of his anger before turning to Molly. Her slender body was trembling. He walked slowly towards her so as not to frighten her further. He threw the confiscated knife into the dumpster before gathering her into his arms.
Once her trembling lessened, he ran his hands smoothly over her body. Are you hurt? Did he hurt you? he asked.
No, she whispered. He wanted money. Where did he think I would have the money? He was just a stupid kid. He should have waited until Id closed out the register. Stupid kid, she muttered again.
Maybe he thought youd had, Alec said.
Maybe.
From now on, you dont go outside by yourself. Make sure Im always with you, okay? he said.
Dont be ridiculous. I can take care of myself, she said as she pushed against his wall of protection.
He cupped her face within his hands. Of that I have no doubt. But maybe let me live under the illusion that you need my protection, okay?
As Molly looked into his eyes, a calm that she desperately needed fell over her. Swallowing hard, she simply nodded. Alec smiled down at her before lowering his lips down to hers, touching her softly, comforting. Before she was ready, he moved away from her. Tugging her hand, he said, Come on, lets get the bar closed up for the night.
They walked hand in hand into the bar. Alec resumed his seat as the last of the patrons trotted by him. Molly drew in a deep breath as she covertly watched him as she completed her tasks by rote. Alec was a devastatingly handsome man, but she still didnt understand her pull to him. It seemed to take only looking into his eyes to make her want him desire him need him.
He locked the door behind the last customer and stood with his back leaned against it. He was perversely glad when hed not sensed anything from the passing vamps. The only thing on his mind was Molly and getting her naked. He could sense her nervousness and that made him smile. He liked the edginess coming from her. It made the hunt and the intensity so much better than pure, flat-out compliance. He watched as she kept glancing at him as if she expected him to pounce on her at any minute. Which was good instincts on her part, as that was just what he was about to do. 
He waited patiently as she finished cleaning up and storing perishable items away and gave the bar one final wiping down before he went to her. He approached again slowly, just as hed done outside earlier. She bowed her head when he came to stand in front of her. He lifted her head with a forefinger under her chin. He was surprised to see tears glistening in her eyes.
What is it? he asked quietly.
She shook her head and moved to turn away from him. He grabbed her shoulders gently to stop her. Tell me, he demanded softly.
I dont think I can do this, she whispered.
Look at me, he said.
She hesitated, but complied. He looked long and deep into her eyes until he felt the tension drain from her body. As hed done outside, he placed her face within his palms and leaned in and kissed her. Softly at first, but gradually deepened the kiss. He stroked into her mouth and demanded she submit her will to his, which she did with a soft groan. 
Lets get out of here, he said against her ear. She nodded her head shakily. 
They didnt speak as they drove to her apartment. She seemed resolved until they reached her door. She lifted wary eyes to his and he waited for her to make a decision, refusing to persuade her with his stare as he knew he could. She seemed to reach her decision, and with a sigh, unlocked the door. For some reason, he exhaled deeply. He wanted her to want him as much as he wanted her. He wanted it to be her choice. She dropped her purse onto the couch and her keys into a silver tray. She turned awkwardly towards him.
Would you like something to drink? she asked as she ran her hands nervously down the front of her short black skirt.
He smiled at the question, but slowly shook his head and moved swiftly to her side, wanting to alleviate her anxiety. He took her hand and made his way down the hall, looking into rooms until he came to what had to be her bedroom. He pulled her up against his body and lowered his lips once more to hers. With tenderness he kissed her. His cool lips and masculine smell tantalized her senses, making her head swim. The knots that had formed in her stomach began to be replaced with the dazzling simmers of desire. He ran his hands slowly up and down her back in comfort as he kissed her soundly. He felt her arms go around his waist and hold him tight. 
He pulled back and slowly pulled her shirt from the waistband of her skirt and lifted it over her head. He palmed her breasts and stroked his thumbs over her extended points. He smiled when she gasped at the sensation, the sound washing over his senses like a velvet glove. He reached behind her and unfastened her bra. She lowered her arms to allow it to fall at her feet. He lowered his hands and unzipped her skirt, which also floated to floor. He stepped her forward out of it and stood back to gaze at her loveliness. The lusciousness of her breasts took his breath away. Peppered across the snow white of her shoulders was a smattering of red-gold freckles. Finding the specks nearly irresistible, he bent his head and ran his lips over them, trying in some way to taste them. He rubbed his hands over her exposed flesh and inhaled her scent deeply while catching the band of her lacy panties and slipping them down her legs. 
Her pale flesh was nearly luminescent in the moonlight filtering in through the sheers at the window. You are so beautiful, he murmured to her as he drew her back into his body. He eased his way back into her soft mouth and groaned when she ran her hands up under his shirt. With impatient hands, he ripped his shirt over his head and threw it to the floor. Without breaking the kiss, he toed off his shoes and unfastened his belt and pants before kicking them away from his body. 
Now both naked, he lowered them to the bed as he ran his hands over the soft curves of her body. He could smell her heated blood and it took everything in him not to sink his teeth into her soft neck. Instead, he moved further down her body, kissing and sucking against her flesh as he went. She arched her back when he pulled a nipple into his mouth. With impatient hands, she pulled him back up her body. 
Now, please now, she begged.
Brushing hair from her face, he settled his considerable bulk against her softness and plunged into her as he stared down into her fathomless eyes. She groaned in satisfaction. She was so tight around him, he nearly lost it. He stilled until he could gain some control, then slowly began to move in and out in and out. The sweet smell of her blood wafted up to him and while it was not his intention to drink from her, he found her scent too potent to resist. When she arched her back into him, he lowered his lips to neck and nibbled experimentally. She began to thrash underneath him and he slowly sank his teeth into her neck. She stiffened momentarily at the biting pain, but as his venom entered her body, the pain turned to extreme pleasure and she dug her fingernails into his hips and she screamed out her climax. 
He began to pound into her as he sucked wildly from her neck. He stopped sucking just as he exploded into her body. He ran his tongue over his bite marks to heal the wounds while continuing to move within her depths to draw out their pleasure. He licked his lips as the taste of her lingered in his mouth. Her taste was so addictive, he had to literally restrain himself from drinking further from her. 
She lay panting beneath him as she ran her hands slowly up and down his back. He leaned up on his forearms to keep the full weight of his body from hers. He leaned down and kissed her softly as they floated back down from the high theyd been on. He slowly fell to his side, then onto his back. He pulled her tight against his body when she moved to pull away from him.
Dont go, he panted. She stiffened, but gradually snuggled back into him. He pressed his lips against her head as he stroked his hand up and down her arm. 
When her breathing quieted, she asked, Why did you bite me?
He chuckled in the dark. I didnt hurt you, did I? he asked.
She shook her head. Nooo, it didnt hurt exactly. It just felt odd. Ive never felt anything like that before. It made me nearly light-headed when you did it. Why was that, do you think?
He smiled in the darkness. Endorphins will do that to you, I guess, he replied.
I guess, she mumbled as she began to drift off to sleep.

He woke her once more in the early morning hours and took her hard and fast. It took all of his years of self-control not to feed from her again. He wanted her sated, not dead. When she woke the next morning with the sun shining brightly into the room, he was gone. 
She rolled over onto her back and drew the covers up over her naked body. She wondered when hed gone, as shed not heard him. Of course, she wondered why hed left. She sighed and shook her head at her foolishness. For him, this had been just a casual thing, of course, hed have left before morning. She blushed as she recalled how shed cried out his name as he plunged into her over and over. Her body tingled at the memory. Her traitorous body clenched in its need to be possessed by him once more. She hoped this wasnt a one-time thing for them. Shed liked the way he commanded her body to submit to his. It had never been this way before not even with Daniel. Shame flooded her as she thought of betraying Daniels memory that way. No matter that hed nearly destroyed her with his infidelity. 
As much as she didnt want to, her mind went to the night shed left her late night college class early. Shed been feeling sick earlier in the day and itd gotten steadily worse. So, shed left in the middle of her class and had come home to find Daniel with another woman. Hed had her bent over the arm of the couch and was pounding into her from behind. 
When shed opened the door, hed turned his glazed eyes to hers and had just continued, almost as if he didnt realize shed been there. Shed stumbled to her knees at the sight and the woman with the nearly white-blonde hair had turned her head and had given her such a vicious grin, fear had made her blood run cold. Shed scrambled to her feet and fled. Not having any place to go, she wandered through the streets until she came upon an all-night diner.
When morning had finally come, shed slowly made her way back to the apartment. Daniel had been on phone and frantic when shed walked through the door. Hed demanded to know where shed been all night. Shed been floored by the question. Where had she been? Did he expect her to just hang around until he finished? Hed been shocked when he realized shed seen him with the other woman. 
Hed begged for forgiveness, and eventually she had. That was until shed found them together again. She was in process of packing her bags when hed lit himself on fire in the middle of their bedroom. She jerked as the memory still made her stomach roll. Shed received first degree burns trying to put the flames out. But itd been too late, hed died, and shed been left with the guilt of pushing him so hard, hed been unable to take it. Guilt gnawed at her insides.


Chapter 3

The older vampire, the Preceptor for the group, stood beside the table as the four protges sat discussing their exploits. Emotions were running high. The Preceptor smiled as the stories swirled around them. With their excitement swirling around, the Preceptor scratched a name onto a piece of paper and placed the folded paper into the hat. The older vampires stomach clenched as the thought of that woman being torn apart hopefully painfully torn apart. It really wasnt fair to hedge the bet, so to speak, as this particular womans name was already in the hat once. But, this woman really deserved to die a slow, painful death. 
The Preceptor was only sad not to be able to watch it happen. And now to think shed apparently attached herself to a vampire. It went against the grain. Humans were only good for two things sexual release and as a food source. Anything beyond that was sacrilegious. And the moment it was found that a vampire had attached themselves in that way, the Preceptor added the humans name to hat. Theyd protect their brethrens, even it was from themselves.
The Preceptor lifted a hand to silence the group before placing a hand into the hat and giving the papers a quick toss to mix them up. Fair was fair. Wrapping a hand around a slip of paper, the Preceptor slowly unrolled it and tried to keep the disappointment from revealing itself to the group before showing the group the name. They each read the name and began to make their plans. 
One of the four younger vampires, Mathis Dupois spoke first. I think its my turn to go after the girl first this time. With a smug look at the other seated three, he said, And Ill be the last as well. No human can refuse me, he stated confidently.
Another of those seated, Parker Ingrid, smirked and said, Just remember the rules of the game this time. We all get a go at her before she is taken. Last time you drained her before we even got a chance to look at her, much less anything else.
Thats right, the Preceptor said. Dont forget the rules of the Blood Pool, everyone gets a fair chance to woo the girl and then she decides who gets to take her. So Saturdays a go, then?
The four seated vampires all nodded enthusiastically as the competition ran fierce between them. 

~+~

Tanner VanPort smiled indulgently at his young human mistress. Claire was both beautiful and sizzlingly sexy with her curly blonde hair flowing over her luscious curves. Her youthfulness, however, sometimes grated on his nerves  if vampires had nerves.
But its Saturday night. Who stays in on a Saturday night? she asked impertinently. 
Claire, sweetheart, we were just out last night. Id much rather just stay in and enjoy your pleasures for myself, he told her patiently.
Claire rolled her eyes. Is that all you think about?
He twisted his lips wryly. No, not all, he replied as he thought about the taste of her exquisite passion-heated blood.
Her lips thinned. If all you want is sex, Ill gladly do that before we go.
Claire, at some point youre going to have to grow up, he chided her.
Her eyes flashed at his comment. Youre beginning to sound just like my father!
I just dont see the need to go out every night, he replied smoothly.
I dont want to go out every night, but a guy in my English class told me there was going to be a really great band at the Running Herd tonight, she told him.
Theres absolutely no way Im going to the Running Herd. Its too loud and way too crowded, he replied.
She studied him for a moment, irritation evident in her eyes. You dont have to go. I was going to the clubs by myself long before I met you, Tanner!
He snorted. Youre only twenty-two. I dont think its been that long.
Well, Im going  with or without you, she told him crossly.
Its definitely going to be without me then, he replied.
With a huff, she turned on her heel and marched up the stairs to change. Tanner blew out a breath and shook his head. He wasnt sorry to see her go; he could use the peace and quiet.

Claire arrived at the Running Herd just as the band began to play. She sashayed her way to the back of the club and found the friend from her English class already seated. He stood when he saw and waved her over. She smiled brightly and made her way to him.
Hey, Mathis, she said brightly.
He leaned forward and pressed his cool lips against her cheek. Hey! I didnt know if youd be able to make it or not.
Claire rolled her eyes as she was perpetually apt to do. Tanner tried to talk me into staying in. I swear, sometimes that man seems to a hundred years old! she lamented.
Mathis Dupois laughed. Well, I, for one, am glad you could come. This band is supposed to be wickedly fantastic!
Claire glanced around the tables at the unfamiliar faces. Who are your friends? she asked.
Oh, Im sorry. These are my oldest friends, we go way, way back. Starting in order from closest to him to furthest away, he began, This is Parker; thats Benjamin; and thats Liam.
Claire looked around the table of gorgeous men. While Mathis was handsome in his own right  with his blonde hair and grey eyes, the other men were just as handsome. She felt such a lucky girl to be seated with them. She smiled at each of them in turn.
Come on, girl. Lets dance, Mathis said, tugging her onto the dance floor.
Claire lost count of how often she was dragged onto the floor by one of the four men. They all seemed to concentrate their efforts on her  each trying to outdo each other in gaining her attention. She laughed at their antics, and felt very flattered by them. When she wasnt dancing, they were all plying her with alcohol. She felt young and free. A small part of her felt guilty for enjoying herself without Tanner  but he could have come had he wanted to.
As the night came to an end, she felt herself more and more drawn to Mathiss friend, Liam. His nearly black eyes and softly lilted voice was her undoing. And when he whispered come with me into her ear at the end of the last dance, she didnt hesitate.

~+~

Dammit, Alec swore as he read the morning paper in the safety of his curtain-blackened motel room. There was no picture, but in his mind, he could see the scene clearly  as hed already seen it six times before. Another body torn asunder. His frustration grew as he read the front page of the paper: 

Sylvia Nichols, a maid at the Sidestreet Inn, made a terrifying discovery on Sunday morning as she went about her duties. Thinking the room was vacated, Ms. Nichols entered the room to find body parts slung around it. It took the Coroners Office two hours to ascertain the body was female. Ms. Nichols was quoted as saying, The scene was disturbing, to say the least. The body had been torn apart; however, there was not a speck of blood anywhere.
A source inside the Coroners Office reported this is the seventh murder of its kind. They have begun dubbing these series of crimes The Dracula Slayings.
The name of the victim is being held pending notification of the next of kin.
 


Chapter 4

Alec waited until the sun went down before slipping into the dark inkiness of the night. The call from Canton still rang in his ears. Apparently, a local vampire by the name of Tanner VanPort had called the Nave, demanding to know what they were going to do about the horrendous slaughter of his woman. Finally, Alec felt as if he had some kind of lead. 
He drove quickly through the nearly deserted streets of the Sunday night. He reached VanPorts house, located on the edge of town, in less than twenty minutes. He parked his rental and looked up at the opulence of the house. It reminded Alec of the old mansions in the South. Four white columns stretched up the front of the two-story house. Twin sweeping staircases curved elegantly on either side of massive oak double doors. 
Alec stepped quickly up the stairs on the left and rang the doorbell. He waited several minutes before hearing footsteps making their way to the door inside the house. The vampire who opened the door lifted disinterested eyes to Alec. Yes? he asked.
Tanner VanPort? Alec asked.
Yes, he replied.
Im Alec Kilton, Chief Enforcer for the Nave. I want to talk to you about the killing of your human, he said.
Alec saw the vampires shoulders tense at his words. Moving aside from the door, VanPort gave a small motion of his hand, indicating for Alec to enter. He led Alec to a large room in the back of the house. A mammoth sized flat-screen television hung on a wall facing a large leather sectional couch. VanPort settled his thin frame into an oversized leather chair and again waved his hand to Alec, this time to sit. He used the same hand to rub it tiredly over his seemingly gaunt and tired face.
Im sorry for your loss, Alec told the obviously grieving vampire. Alec remembered the pain of losing his human. His woman had died from natural causes  old age, and not at the hands of another vampire. He couldnt even begin to guess how much it had to hurt. The thought of not being able to protect the one you love had to be devastating.
Tanner lifted sad eyes to Alec. Im not sure how I can help you. But Im glad to see the Nave has taken an interest.
The Nave is extremely interested in this situation. Do you have any idea who did this to her? Alec asked him as he leaned forward, resting his forearms on his thighs and clasping his hands together.
Tanner closed his eyes briefly as pain contorted his face into horrible lines. In little more than a whisper, he said, It was my fault. I did this to her.
Alec sat up immediately, his attention riveted on the man across from him. What do you mean? he asked Tanner quietly, but firmly.
Pinching the bridge of his nose, Tanner said sorrowfully, I didnt protect her. I knew what was in the world, and I failed her. She wanted to go out, and I let her walk out into the evil by herself. She asked me to go, but I refused was happy to have some silence. Lifting haunted eyes, he gave Alec a trembling, twisted smile. Guess Ill need to get used to silence lots of it.
Alec exhaled silently and sat back. Do you know where she went who she was going with?
Slowly, Tanner shook his head. All she said was that she was going to the Running Herd with someone from one of her classes. I dont remember which one. His shoulders began to shake as sobs racked his body. I didnt consider it important at the time  not important, he scoffed to himself. I just wish I could go back and do yesterday all over.
Alec sat quietly as the other vampire continued his lamenting.
Pressing his fists against his eyes, Tanner VanPort said through clenched teeth, I should have paid more attention when Sam Nashs woman was taken. It was too close to home but I just ignored it. It never happens to us. Right? he said with self-derision. 
Alec cocked his head to the side as the other vamps words washed grittily over his skin. Who was Sam Nashs woman? he asked.
Tanner wiped a hand against his eyes before blubbering, Lexie something. I cant remember her last name. She was killed a few weeks ago.
Lexie Maddingly? Alec asked without really needing verification.
Yeah, that sounds about right. Sam called me right after it happened, all broken up, Tanner said.
Is Sam like us? Alec asked.
Tanner just nodded.
How can I reach Sam Nash? Alec asked, trying to keep the excitement out of his voice. 
He lives just over the hill, Tanner replied.
Did you know any of the other victims? Alec asked.
All of them. Why do you think I called the Nave? They should have done something long before my girl was taken, Tanner said vehemently. 
A pit began to form in Alecs stomach. How do you know them? 
They all were mated to our kind, Tanner replied as if he were speaking to dimwitted child.
Alec stood and withdrew his wallet from his back pocket. He shuffled through it until he found one of his business cards and handed it over to Tanner. Ill need the directions to Sam Nashs, if you dont mind, Alec told him.
Alec thought through what hed learned from Tanner VanPort as he drove to Sam Nashs house. All the victims had been mated with vampires. What was the purpose? Who were the vampire or vampires responsible, and what was their motivation? Were they jealous? Were they prejudiced against the human/vampire relationship? But why the overkill? If hate was the motivating factor, why not just kill the human and drain them? What was the need to slaughter their bodies? It just didnt make any sense. 
Sam Nash was as broad as a linebacker. His size, dark hair, and crystal blue eyes would make him popular with both the human population as well as the vampire one. Tanner had called in advance of Alecs arrival, so Sam Nash was expecting him.
Mr. Nash, can you tell me anything about the night your human was killed? Alec asked. 
Sams lips clenched at the question. How is Tanner holding up? I feel for him.
As well as could be expected, Alec replied.
Sam walked over to his liquor cabinet and poured something honey-colored from a decanter into two short, crystal tumblers. He carried one to Alec before sitting down across from him. I dont envy him these next few days. They are indeed painful.
Alec nodded in agreement, but remained quiet to supply ample opportunity for Sam Nash to gather his thoughts and sip his drink. Finally, Sam said, Lexie, my mate, shed been invited to a bachelorette party for someone in her office. I think the bride-to-bes name was Sue or Susan something like that. Id been leery about her going out on her own with all the killings, but she was going to be in a group so I thought shed be all right. I should have either kept her at home, or followed behind them. Sam inhaled sharply as the pain of his loss cut over his body like barbed-wire. 
Alec contemplated the other vampires words. Do you know where the party was held?
The Golden Calf, Sam answered. 
So it wasnt the club that the murders had in common, Alec thought. He wondered if it was a random selection, or if the victims were targeted in advance. Did your mate mention being invited to the clubs at any other time? Or did you know of anything that would lead to who killed her?
Slowly, Sam shook his head. No, she didnt mention anything. But she knew I could be jealous and probably wouldnt have mentioned it to me anyway. I didnt usually allow her to go to the clubs without me. Again, I only did this time because she was out with a bunch of other women.
Do you have the names and numbers of any of those she was out with? Alec asked.
No. I can call her office tomorrow and get some information if you think it could help. After taking a long, slow drink, Sam lifted vengeful eyes up to Alecs. Are you going to destroy those responsible for my Lexies death?
Those are my orders, Alec said without pleasure.
Can I be there when you do it? Sam asked, a spark flaring in his eyes for the first time since Alec met him.
No. Once I determine who is responsible, their demise will be immediate  by order of the Nave, Alec replied.
Please make them suffer just like they made my Lexie suffer, Sam said emphatically. 
Even if I did, it wouldnt bring your human back. Their suffering wont make you feel any better, Alec said softly.
Sam Nash sat back heavily in his chair. I know youre probably right. I just dont know what to do with the anger inside. You know what I mean?
I can only imagine. As clich as it sounds, time does heal, Alec told him.
Sam only nodded, his expression belying his ability to believe the words. 

~+~

It was just past eight oclock when Alec knocked on Mollys door. He smiled sensuously at her, which caused her to falter the instant she opened the door. She lifted wary green eyes up to his simmering dark ones. Alec? she questioned.
He smiled at her obvious nervousness, it brought out all his hunters instinct, and it took everything in him not to pounce on her. Leaning against the doorjamb instead, and tucking his hands into his front pockets, he said silkily, Hey, Molly. Arent you gonna invite me in?
She swallowed hard and hesitated only for a second before stepping aside and opening the door wider to admit him. He walked in past her and slowly took in her living room. Hed not paid it much attention the night before his mind had been on more important things. He grinned to himself as he went to stand in front of the fireplace. He propped an elbow against the mantel and took in the room. It was a comfortable setting. It reminded him of Molly. Comfortable, reliable, neat, and non-frilly. He turned to look at the pictures lined up on the mantel. 
There was a picture of Molly as a young girl on top of a black horse with a white stripe running down its muzzle. There was a group picture of an older couple surrounded by a group of kids ranging in ages. He assumed this was Mollys parents and siblings. 
There was a picture of a man in the place of honor in the center of the mantel. His sandy-colored hair was slightly mussed, and while he was smiling, his smile didnt quite make it to his light-colored eyes. Pointing to the picture, he asked, Whos this?
She had her hands folded behind her back and leaned against the closed front door. She shifted her eyes from his to the picture. My husband, Daniel.
Husband? he questioned, feeling the first tingling of irrational jealousy claw at his belly. The very thought of someone else touching her made him want to destroy him by ripping his head off his shoulders.
He died, she answered uncomfortably.
Can I ask how? he asked, trying to understand her awkwardness.
She blinked rapidly and paused so long, he didnt think she was going to answer him. In an almost emotionless tone, she said, He was having an affair, and when I went to leave him, he killed himself, she replied, fumbling over the word.
Now it was Alecs turn to blink rapidly. Of all the things he was expecting, it certainly wasnt that. The only thing he could think to say to her words was, Wow.
She shrugged. It was a long time ago. 
Not really knowing why he was pushing the issue, he asked, How long was the affair?
Again she shrugged. I caught him twice. After the second time, I was done. She exhaled deeply and moved to sit down carefully on the couch. Daniel well, he he wasnt well. He had some sort of mental breakdown.
Shoving away from the mantel, he sat down beside her and gripped her hand in between his cool ones. I would say so. Was there any clue to his mental instability prior to his demise? he asked.
Uncomfortable with his line of conversation, she turned her eyes away from his. With a small shake of her head, she said, No. It was like one day he was perfectly fine and the next hed gone insane. Hed met this woman and it was if she possessed him or something. It was like he just had to have her. I dont think Ive ever had anything hurt me as much as that. 
An intense vulnerability filled her eyes. Anger simmered within him at the hurt her stupid husband had heaped on her small shoulders. Hed taken a beautiful flower and crushed her beneath his heel. Alec took in her words for only an instant before placing a finger against the far side of her chin and forcing her to face him. 
Quietly, he said, He was a fool! Leaning forward he placed his lips against hers in comfort. She stiffened at the first contact, and before she could pull away, he grasped the nape of her neck gently. He stroked his tongue against her lips and slowly she allowed the negative feelings of their conversation float away, and she allowed the power of his kiss to carry her to another place. 
Never breaking the soul-searing kiss, he allowed his hand to drift down to the buttons of her blouse. With one hand, he deftly undid them and pushed it off her shoulders. When he pushed her onto her back, she tilted her head as he nuzzled her neck. Her eyes drifted open to find the eyes in Daniels picture gazing down upon with them in seeming judgment. Her heart seized in her chest. She was about to have sex on the same couch Daniel had bent the blonde over. She couldnt do it. She just couldnt. She began to struggle beneath Alec. Stop. Please stop, she whimpered. 
Alec followed her gaze to the picture on the mantel. A little more roughly, he grabbed her face until he caught her eye. While this wasnt the way he wanted her, she definitely needed to calm down. She continued to squirm away from him, but gradually, as she stared into the deep pools of his gaze, her squirms began to become more suggestive than as a method to get away. 
Lowering his lips back to hers, he scooped her up into his arms and carried her back to her bedroom. He quickly disrobed them both and laid her back on the bed. With slow gentleness, he made love to her and held her tight within his arms afterwards, as she sobbed.
After she stopped shuddering and lay quietly in his arms, he rubbed a hand absently up and down her arm.
Im sorry, she whispered.
Its okay, he replied, as he pulled her onto her side to face him. Tenderly, he tucked her hair behind her ears.
She lay quiet again for a long time. I havent thought about him about them about that for a long time.
I understand, he said quietly, as he stroked fingers along her jawline and inhaled her scent deeply. God, he loved her smell. He wanted nothing more than to sink his teeth into the softness of her neck. His stomach clutched painfully, almost like he was in the throes of withdrawals. Hed never wanted a woman as much as he wanted her. But he knew couldnt feed from her again not just yet. Another couple days, then he could savor her sweetness. 
As she snuggled against him, she mumbled against his chest, You must think Im a complete basket-case.
Alec thought about his Elisa and how much itd hurt when shed died. The pain had been almost more than he could bear. Immediately, his thoughts turned to the two men hed just left and the pain that seemed to be eating a hole through them. The thought of someone taking this beautiful, vibrant woman and destroying her in the way theyd done the other woman made him lose his breath momentarily.
I dont think that at all. What you went through would have broken a lesser woman. I think youre incredibly strong and brave, he whispered against her hair.
 It was so bad so very bad. He lit himself on fire right in front of me. She closed her eyes tight against the memory. I can still smell it still hear his screams. I couldnt get the fire out, I tried and tried. What could make a person go so crazy?
Alec thought over what shed told him. Was he taking any kind of drugs, or on some type of medication which would have brought it on?
I dont know. I dont think so, but then again, I never thought hed cheat on me either. He was always so quiet and shy normally. She let her words drift, then whispered brokenly, so softly he had to strain to hear, Why wasnt I enough?
He drew her up tighter against his body and nuzzled her hair, the soft strands tickling his nose. It wasnt you. The fault was with him. He knew, too, or he wouldnt have been so devastated, Alec assured her.
She wrapped her arms around his waist and wallowed into his cool body. Thanks, Alec, she whispered back, her tears dampening his skin. He held her once again until she fell asleep before edging out of the bed and getting dressed. The sun had just started to rise when he reached the sanctuary of his motel room.

~+~

As with the meeting before, the Preceptor scratched the same name onto paper before dropping it into the hat. Fairness was highly overrated. As before, the four protges were riotous and rowdy. Mathis and Parker mocked Liam on how long it took him to win the sexual favors of Claire Stone.
Oh, youre both just jealous she chose me. I made sure she got hers first, Liam said in defense.
Just barely, Parker said as laughter burst out of him.
She certainly was a tasty little thing, Liam said with a sigh.
That she was, Parker agreed.
The Preceptors head shook at the good-natured rivalry of the group. Im glad you had a good time. The smile faded, however, as the Preceptor took on a more serious tone. But from this point forward, you all need to be more careful. I have learned that the Nave has sent an enforcer to stop your fun. But if youre careful, you should still remain undetected. Just remember not to discuss this game with any of the others. That is grounds for termination and I mean permanent termination.
The four young protges all nodded their assurances to the Preceptor.


Chapter 5

As the Hanging Lantern was closed on Monday, and as soon as the sun went down, Alec set out to talk to other vamps in the local area with known human mates. But after meeting with seven couples, hed gleaned no more than hed already had. 
His last stop before heading over to his favorite redheads, was a quick stop at the last victim, Lexie Maddinglys workmate who had the upcoming nuptials. Suzanne Morgan was a petite brunette with the most amazing honey-colored eyes. Surprisingly, she was also a vampiress. Alec didnt know why he was surprised, but he was downright shocked. 
She answered the door on his second knock. Yes? she asked politely.
Hi. Alec Kilton, Chief Enforcement Officer for the Nave. Ive been sent here to investigate the series of human slayings in his area. I wanted to ask you about Lexies death. Is there anything you can tell me?
Alec watched the vampriesss countenance fall. The loss of the human obviously affected her deeply. He wondered why shed attach herself to humans when she knew how frail and fragile they were. While he enjoyed humans immensely for himself, the short-haul was the only way to go. Why entangle your life and your emotions in someone who would eventually only cause you heartache and pain. 
Come in, please. Ill help all I can. Well have to be quick, though, my future mate will be home in about twenty minutes, she said, as she directed him into a heavily curtained formal room.
Is he human? Your mate? Alec asked as he sat on a white satin striped chair.
Yes. He doesnt know about our differences, Suzanne explained.
How will you keep it from him? Alec asked curiously.
With resolve, she replied, Any way I can. He loves me purely without any artifice from me. Its a wonderful feeling being accepted. Have you ever had it? she asked.
If he doesnt know what you really are, how is that being accepted, exactly? Alec asked without rancor.
I guess what I meant, was that I didnt have to haze him or use any of my strengths to capture him. He loves me for the vision he has of me. Ill protect him and his belief in that vision as long as I can, she said with intense feelings.
Directing her attention back to her friend, he asked, Was there anyone in particular that stood out that night in regard to Lexie?
Sadly, Suzanne shook her head. No, I dont think so. But the night was so crazy and there were so many of us, and we danced with so many people that night. It would be impossible to tell.
Who set up the party? he asked.
My boss, Ariel London.
You dont say, Alec said under his breath.
Do you know her? Shes one of us as well, Suzanne told him.
I do know her. We were trained by the same Preceptor, Alec explained.
Small world. Right? she said.
Do you know where I could find Ariel? he asked.
Of course. Just let me get you the address. She hurried from the room and returned after just a moment with her purse in hand. She dug into it and pulled out a business card. She flipped the card over and jotted down an address. This is her. I dont know what she can tell you. I hope you find the bastard who did that to Lexie. She was a lovely human. One of the finest. There was no reason for what happened to her. She wouldnt have hurt anyone. She had the kindest heart of anyone I ever knew.
Alec thought briefly of Molly OConnell and shook his head at himself. He refused to become attached to her. Hed be gone in a week or two and he would be going back alone. 
Thanks for the information. I wont keep you, Alec said, standing. He glanced at his watch. If he hurried, he could just make it to Mollys at a respectable hour.

As with the night before, it was close to eight when Alec stood leaning against the doorjamb. He smiled when she answered, but she didnt return it. 
Without moving from the doors entrance, she said, Hi, Alec.
Molly, he said with a wry twist of his lips.
Its late, Alec. What can I do for you? she asked tensely. 
He eyed her curiously. Whats wrong? he asked softly.
She lowered her head to study her shuffling feet. Nothing, she replied simply.
Invite me in, he told her cajolingly.
I I dont think so, she replied without looking up.
Molly?
Slowly, she lifted her gaze to his. I dont want this.
He gave her a knowing smile. Of course you do.
She swallowed and slowly nodded. Youre right, I do. But, I dont want to want it.
I know, but invite me in anyway, he said softly, as he reached out a hand to brush her red hair behind her shoulder.
She studied him for a long moment before her shoulders slumped and she stepped aside to let him in. She cursed the inane weakness which flooded her when he was around. He was becoming important to her too quickly and it scared her to death. This man, who only stopped by late at night for a booty-call, for lack of a better term, and then left before the sun rose, was going to cause her irreparable pain.
Catching her hand as he entered, he led her firmly away from the living room and the picture of her dead husband. Thered be no reminders of that tonight. His mind was filled with the images of the other slain humans and his insides felt raw at the pain hed seen in the other vampires faces. He needed Molly tonight to smooth out his rough edges. He needed to sate not only his desire, but his thirst. Tonight, he would feed as he enjoyed the pleasures of her body.

After Alec had his fill of her, he spooned her from behind and nestled her body as tight up against his as he could. He enjoyed the contact of her seemingly scorching flesh against his own cool skin. He nuzzled his face in her luxuriously soft hair and exhaled deeply, the taste of her lingering pleasurably on his tongue.
Thanks, Molly. I needed that, he murmured.
Stay with me, she whispered sleepily.
He hesitated before replying softly, Ill stay as long as I can.
He felt her tense against him and all sense of sleepiness and contentment fled her. What does that mean?
He brushed his lips against her hair. I have to go before morning, thats all.
She lay in the darkness for a long time, saying nothing but feeling extremely used, extremely hurt, and extremely vulnerable. Why do you come here, Alec?
He heard the hurt behind her words and his heart caught in his chest. He didnt want to hurt her, but feared it was too late. He knew he should leave her now and not see her again, but knew hed be back. He wanted her, and selfishly, he intended to have her as long as he remained in this town. He almost hated himself for the pain he was causing her and would cause her later on. But he found he wasnt ready to let her go. Because I find you totally irresistible, he answered finally.
She blinked unseeingly into the darkness. Is there someone else?
No, he replied as he tightened his arms around her.
After a few moments, she only nodded.
Youre more than enough for me, he whispered reassuringly against her ear, knowing where her insecurities lie.
Again, she only nodded, but this time he felt her body relax into his and slowly, she drifted off into sleep.

~+~

As expected, Molly woke alone. She shouldnt have been hurt as she knew it was coming, but she was. She wasnt this girl, the one who casually slept around. And yet, here she was. Shed believed him when hed told her there was no one else. For whatever reason she trusted him. While she didnt, by any stretch of the imagination, believe she had a hold on him, she didnt think he would be with anyone else while he was with her. But how long would this last? That was the part that filled her heart with trepidation. She might very well go into work tonight and hear he had decided to cool things off. Hed gotten what he wanted from her. Shed given it to him gladly freely willingly. 
Molly fought off a headache all day, but no matter what she took, it lingered. Her neck was stiff and sore. She hoped she wasnt coming down with something. She tugged on the prerequisite uniform of white cotton drawstring blouse and black skirt and made her way to the bar. She met with the manager, counted her till, and slowly made her way behind the bar. She felt Alecs eyes on her long before she saw him. He was seated where he always sat and had a phone pressed to his ear. His gaze wandered over to her and she swore she could feel it slide across her skin. He didnt smile at her, but watched her with a predatory possessiveness that she found she liked. 
He clicked his phone off, only to immediately dial someone else. She watched covertly as she worked. Soon the bar began to fill and Alec was lost from her view. She stopped midway through her shift and grabbed more aspirin for her never-ending headache. She prayed the night would go quickly.
Around midnight, shed gone into the back to pick up a tray of clean glasses and was headed back to the bar. She backed her way in and turned. She happened to glance to where Alec sat and froze. Bile rose in her throat and she swallowed convulsively. Her limbs began to shake and she jumped at the loud crash the glasses made as they slid from her numb fingers to the floor. Alex was standing with his arms around another woman but that wasnt what caused her anguish. The blonde-haired woman wrapped in his embrace was Ariel the same woman her husband had had an affair with  the same one hed killed himself over. 
With the only thought in her mind being to get far, far away from the sight in front of her, Molly grabbed her purse from the office and ran all the way home. She locked the door and slid down the roughened wooden surface until her butt hit the floor. Tears scalded her eyes as she tried to blink the sight of yet another one of the men she wanted draped in the arms of that woman. How could Alec do this to her? Hed promised her he wasnt with anyone else just the night before. So were they now officially over? She found she wasnt ready not yet. Why her? What was it about that woman?
Molly fell over onto the floor in a heap as her stomach twisted into knots. She struggled to hold in the sobs, but became unsuccessful. She curled herself into a ball and rocked herself as she cried. The pain of catching Ariel with Daniel and then seeing her wrapped around Alec coalesced into one solid lump in her throat, and she gagged against the pain. The same fire that had burned her husband seemed to now be stuck in her chest and throat.
She jumped at the banging on her door. She knew who it was before she heard his voice. Molly! Molly, open this door, he demanded as he tried to open the locked door unsuccessfully.
With her lips trembling, she sat up and stared in fear at the door. She wondered if it would hold if he tried to get in.
Her chest rose and fell rapidly as she sucked in oxygen in an attempt to calm her voice. Go away, Alec, she said with as much force as she could manage.
Molly, let me in! he demanded.
I cant, she whimpered. Oh, God! What if hed brought that woman here? Molly did a crab crawl backwards as her imagination had Alec and the other woman nearly naked just on the other side of the door. Please go away, she begged him.
Tell me whats going on, he pleaded.
She stuttered through her sobs. You were with her Why? it was her, she cried non-sensibly.
Who? he asked. Ariel?
Oh, God, oh, God, oh God! she repeated in a panic. He was with her. He knew her name. The small glimmer of hope shed held onto slipped away.
Molly, I wasnt with her. I swear to you. I He hesitated as he figured out what to say to her. He obviously couldnt tell her the reason hed called her. I knew her from a long time ago, but I wasnt with her. Please, baby, let me in. I need to know youre okay, he begged.
I saw you together just like them just like Daniel. Oh, God, she repeated again.
I promise it wasnt like that. Come on, let me in, he cajoled.
She sat for a long moment and considered his words. Could he be telling the truth? She so desperately wanted to believe him that she couldnt trust her own senses. Slowly she crawled over to the door. Are you alone? she heaved against the wood.
There was a pause before he answered, Of course.
Swallowing past her fear, she lifted trembling fingers and struggled to get them to work properly. The door opened the second the lock slipped out of place, banging against her thighs as she still knelt on the floor.
Im sorry, baby. I didnt know you were kneeling behind the door. Please let me in, he said patiently.
She scooted out of the path of the door but didnt rise. Instead, Alec collapsed to his knees and grabbed her up into his arms and hugged her to him. He rained kisses over her head and face. He rubbed warmth back into chilled body with his large, strong hands. Oh, baby. What am I going to do with you? he whispered against her head.
With her face buried in his chest, she mumbled through her ragged breathing, Why were you with her?
Alec struggled to understand her strong reaction to Ariel. Shes just an old friend. She means nothing to me. What does she mean to you? he asked cautiously. He felt her body begin to tremble violently. Tell me what it is, he demanded.
Her breathing was rapid and her heart fluttered madly against his chest. She was she was the one with Daniel, she gushed.
Alec felt as if hed been slammed in the chest with a baseball bat. No wonder shed reacted so strongly. God, he was a fool. Oh, baby, Im so sorry. I didnt know. Id never have had her come to the bar had I known, he murmured against the top of her head.
The moment the words were out of his mouth, he knew hed misspoken. Her body, which had begun to calm and relax, immediately tensed and stilled like a statue. What do you mean you wouldnt have had her come to the bar? Why would you contact her? Dread filled her belly as she waited for his answer. 
Ariel and I have some mutual friends that I was looking for some information on. It didnt have anything to do with her, I promise, he said as he pulled back to stare down into her reddened and swollen eyes.
As he gazed into her eyes, Molly felt an almost unnatural calm come over her. While she tried to cling to her distrust and fear, she found it impossible to do so. Slowly, he lowered his head and pressed his lips against her forehead. My poor, sweet girl, he murmured as he rocked her. Effortlessly, he picked her up and carried her to her bed. He helped her undress and tucked her under the covers. Without disrobing, he lay down beside her and tucked her against up against his body. For the first time, he felt her relax fully against him and he exhaled deeply. 
He should have realized it was a vampriess whod bewitched Daniel. Knowing Ariel, he assumed shed slipped him some Blue Lotus. While the plant had some wondrous aphrodisiac effects, if too much was administered, it would mess up a human mind as it had apparently done to Daniel.
He wondered why Ariel hadnt mentioned it. Not even when Molly had dropped the glasses and run out of the bar. His own reaction stunned him. Hed not known at first what had happened, but assumed Mollys deep-seated insecurities had sent her running out the door. Pain had torn at the place where his heart had once been. What was he doing? He kept asking himself. This wasnt what he was looking for. But when hed seen the look on her face and shed run, he couldnt get to her fast enough. Hed been afraid she wasnt going to invite him in. He didnt know what he would have done had she not. He had no way to enter her apartment if she didnt willingly invite him in.
He held her long after she fell asleep, and stayed until the sun was just beginning to rise on the far side of the mountains. Then as quiet and smooth as the fog which rolled in, he was gone.


Chapter 6

When she woke, from behind her closed eyelids, she knew the sun was streaming brightly into the room. She didnt have to turn over to know Alec was gone. His presence seemed to fill the room when he was in it. 
When Molly finally forced her heavy eyelids open, she immediately closed them as pain sliced through her skull. She became aware that her body felt achy and a chill forced her to clutch the covers around her naked body. She rolled her head on her stiff neck. Just great! Just what she needed. She couldnt afford to be sick. She needed to work. Her throat felt raw and scratchy. With her body protesting, she forced herself out of bed and stumbled into the kitchen and grabbed a glass of cool orange juice and two aspirin. She swallowed them down and climbed thankfully back into her warm bed.
She drifted off into a restless sleep. Nightmares seemed to chase her all day long. Visions of Daniel interwove with Alec. Over and over, she experienced the pain of losing first one, then the other. Irrational tears slid down her cheeks as pain filled both her body and her mind. 
By four that afternoon, Molly knew shed never be able to make it to work. Forcing herself off the bed once again, she dragged her body to the phone and called the other bartender to cover for her. She dug through her medicine cabinet and found some cold aids and swallowed them down her fire-laden throat. As before, she crawled back into the bed and drifted back off to sleep.

~+~

Alec sat at the bar and waited for Molly, but she never showed. Finally, he questioned Jerome, who was behind the bar in her place. 
Wheres Molly? Alec asked the bald-headed bartender.
She called in sick, he was told.
Sick? Alec questioned dubiously.
Thats what she said, Jerome answered.
Alec felt a simmering of irritation at the pint-sized redhead. Was she really sick, or was she now avoiding him? He weighed his options. He was torn between wanting to go check on Molly and staying put to perform the duty hed been sent there to do. Hed almost decided to ditch the bar, when to his surprise, Ariel walked in. She was a vision with her white-blonde hair and shapely body. It was hard to remember that shed been even more beautiful when shed been human. The warmth of her blood then had caused her to have a continuous blush instead of her now-pale cheeks.
Hi, Alec, she murmured as she sat down on the stool next to him.
Ariel, he answered.
Hows your friend? she asked with a sly smile.
Alec shook his head. Why didnt you tell me? We could have met somewhere else, he admonished.
I didnt know she worked here, she said in defense of herself.
What did you do to her husband? he asked her.
Very cavalier, she said, patting a hand against her hair, Oh, you know, a little too much wine and roses.
He killed himself, you know, he told her.
I know, it was tragic. But what are you going to do. Humans are so foolish, she said after a pause.
Alec studied her for long moment. You really can be a bitch, you know that? he said coolly, wondering what had happened to make her so flippant. 
Wheres the little woman at tonight? she asked him.
Home, sick, he replied.
Laying her manicured hand over his, she said, So, youre all on your own then?
He flicked his gaze to her before slowly removing his hand from underneath hers. Not going to happen, Ariel, he said quietly, but firmly.
But we used to be so good together, dont you remember? she asked as she leaned her cool body up against his.
He sat back in his seat, effectively separating their bodies. That was a hundred lifetimes ago, he said dismissively. Looking away from her into the crowd, he said, So what can you tell me about the night Lexie Maddingly died? 
She glanced at her watch and rose from her seat. Speaking of Lexie, I need to check in with my office real quick. Will you save my seat? she asked sweetly.
Alec sighed but nodded. He watched her step outside the doors into the night air so she wouldnt have to shout over the loud music. He took the time to scan the fast growing crowd, but again, he didnt sense anything out of the norm. He really needed to resolve this situation and head on back to the Nave. It was getting too intense and complicated here for him. He sipped at the coffee in his cup as he contemplated what to do about Molly. Could she ever accept him for what he really was? He just didnt know, but found a part of himself that hoped she would.
A crash in the middle of the room had Alec rising to his feet, he was playing the part of the bouncer. Two very large, very drunk humans were having it out in the middle of the dance floor. With very little effort, he picked one up in each hand by the collars of their shirts  or the scruffs of their necks as his mother used to say a long time ago, and dumped them outside the door. When Alec returned to his seat at the bar, it was to find Ariel already back in her seat with a drink in hand.
Thats what I always liked about you, Alec, you were always so aggressive, she said with a smile.
It comes with the territory, he replied, finding himself tiring of her false sweetness. He suddenly longed to be near Molly. She was the real deal. He thought once he completed his business with Ariel, hed make his way to check on Molly maybe stop and pick her up some chicken soup or something.
Alec picked up his coffee cup and found Jerome must have come by while he was taking out the troublemakers and refilled his cup. He swirled the liquid in his mouth. Jerome needed to brew a new pot, Alec thought, as the bitterness of the coffee lingered in his mouth. 

Across town in her bed, Molly sneezed over and over again. She couldnt remember when shed ever felt so sick. Her stomach was so nauseous, and while she knew she really needed to eat something, she didnt think shed be able to keep anything down. Her throat was so scratchy and sore. She really wanted a sip of cool water to soothe it, but didnt think she had the ability to even lift her head from the pillow, much less pick up a glass.
Knowing she needed medicine, however, forced herself from the bed and towards the kitchen. Shed just finished swallowing some cold capsules when a knock on her front door sounded out through the apartment. Alec, she thought. Great, just great. If she looked at all how she felt, hed be running for the hills in no time. She sighed as she moved towards the door. Her head felt like a deep, rolling fog was running through it. She pulled her housecoat a little tighter to her body as a chill caused goosebumps to appear on her skin.
She hoped she could talk Alec into not staying, she just wasnt up to it. Without checking the peephole, she unlocked the numerous locks on the door and pulled it open. She froze momentarily when she saw who was on the other side. Not Alec.

Setting his cup down, he returned his attention to Ariel. So now, can you tell me about the night Lexie Maddingly was killed?
Ariel placed her elbow on the bar and leaned her face into her hand and smiled at him. For reasons he didnt understand, Alec felt immediately on guard with her. There was something about her demeanor he didnt trust, but he couldnt quite put his finger on what it was.
Lexie Maddingly. now there was interesting girl. What can I tell you? We were all drinking, laughing, and having a good time. For someone in a supposed committed relationship, she was sure throwing it around that night.
Alec rubbed a hand against the back of his neck as he listened to Ariel. He was suddenly feeling a little lightheaded. He wondered if something had transferred to him from Mollys blood. He struggled to concentrate on the conversation. Blinking rapidly as he struggled to compose his thoughts, he said, What do you mean, she was throwing it around?
Ariels sharp laugh grated on his nerves. Like most human females, she apparently wanted her cake and then to be able to eat from everyone elses as well, she replied almost cryptically. 
Alec gave a small shake of his head as he tried to clear his thoughts. If he hadnt known better, hed swear hed been throwing back shooters all night instead of just coffee. Explain, he demanded from the blonde.
You know how females are, Alec. You lived with a human for a while, didnt you? she asked derisively. 
Alec shook his head again as he tried to follow the thread of her conversation. Exasperated, he said sharply, Just tell me about Lexie Maddingly.
Well, here she was, as I said, in a supposed relationship with one of our kind, and she was out acting like she was single. She must have been with like three or four different vamps. I think eventually she left with one of them, she told Alec.
A tingling sense of dread threaded its way up his spine, but for the life of him, he didnt know why. He licked his suddenly parched, dry lips. Signaling Jerome, he said, Can I get a water, please? He didnt speak again until Jerome brought his iced water to him and hed drunk almost half of it. Did you know the vamps she was with at the club? he asked her finally.
Ariel gave a dismissive shrug of her shoulders. Some locals I think.
Alec thought over what shed told him. Did Lexie know they were vamps?
Probably not, she wasnt the brightest bulb in the box. She didnt even know Tanner was one and she lived with him for goodness sakes. She worked for me and wasnt aware of our differences either.
He listened to the hardness of her voice as she spoke. As much as you seem to hate humans, Im surprised you became involved with one.
The forced sweet expression on her face faded away at his words. Daniel was different, she told him coldly.
Not really. He was married and yet he was sleeping with you. Sounds to me that he and Lexie Maddingly were cut from the same cloth.
You leave him out of it, she snarled. You dont know the first thing about it. Daniel was in love with me, she declared emphatically.
Alec felt a strange numbness slide down his legs. He shifted his body and studied the venom and hate spewing from the vampriesss eyes. If he loved you so much, why were you forced to dope him up to have sex with you? If I had to guess, Id say you probably gave him Blue Lotus or something similar. I have to say that doesnt sound like love to me.
Ariel slammed her flat palm down on the bars surface, causing several of the other patrons to look their way. You need not speak of things you know nothing about. I loved him and he loved me. And if it hadnt of been for that red-headed whore, hed still be alive today, she said vehemently.
Dread flooded Alecs belly. A strange numbness seemed to be stealing over his body. The bitter taste of the coffee came to the forefront of his mind. Hemlock! Someone had put hemlock in his coffee. He tried to remember how much hed drunk he didnt think it was much because it had been so bitter. He picked up his glass of water and finished it. He signaled Jerome for a refill. He needed to flush it out of his system before it caused permanent damage or death!

Parker? Molly asked, as she leaned her weary body against the door. Didnt you get my message that I wasnt coming in tonight? she asked her boss.
He gave her an engaging smile. His perfectly white, straight teeth seemed to gleam in the halls light. I did, but I was concerned and as I had business not far from here, I thought Id stop by and check on you. Can I come in? he asked.
Molly sighed silently. She so didnt want to have to entertain him, but he was her boss. Inhaling deeply, she stepped back to allow him entry. She turned and began to make her way to the couch when she remembered her manners and turned suddenly to ask him if he wanted anything to drink. She was stopped speechless, however, when coming in right behind Parker were three other men, men she didnt know. Fear settled over her body, freezing her in her place. 

Who would have placed poison in his drink? And for what purpose? He glanced at Jerome, the one whod have poured his coffee, but didnt sense anything untoward from him. Next he cast his gaze over to Ariel, who sat beside him with a satisfied smirk on her face  like the proverbial cat which ate the canary. Whats going on, Ariel? he asked her as the same dread swirled though him. Hate was wafting off the vampiress hate and malicious intent. What have you done?
She twisted her lips wryly. Something thats been long overdue.
If youve hurt Molly in any way, I swear, Ill he began.
She laughed derisively. Youll what, Alec? By now the hemlock has to begun to spread. No I dont think youll be doing anything. Picking up her own drink, she studied him over the rim of her glass. Almost conversationally, she said, It was her fault, you know. He was going to leave her, but she cried and he felt bad. Thats the type of man he was. He felt bad. Felt bad, she spat. He chose to stay with her because he felt guilty. But that apparently wasnt good enough for the Ice Princess. Noooo, she had to have her pound of flesh and was threatening to leave him. She shook her head at his perceived foolishness. I could have given him everything I wanted to turn him, then I was going to train him to be what I wanted what I needed. All my years as a Preceptor were finally going to really benefit me!
Reaching into his pocket, Alec pulled out his cellphone and quickly hit the number for Molly. He waited as it rang and rang before going to voicemail. He stumbled to his feet, his legs feeling like rubber. Fear clogged his throat when she laughed. Its too late by now anyway. Your precious Molly has been destroyed just like she destroyed Daniel. I only wish I could have been there to watch it happen but someone had to stay with you prevent you from interfering, she said with a crazed glaze over her eyes.
Have you been behind all the killings? he asked, although he already knew the answer. Why? Why all the others?
With a slight shrug, she said, Tit for tat, I guess you could say. If I couldnt have my human, why should those vamps get theirs? Theyre better off without them. You, of all people, should know that. Humans bring nothing but pain. They force us to hide who we really are like were some sort of monsters or abomination against God or something, when really, they are the weaklings, not us.
Fear, frustration, and a deep-seated anger flooded Alec. Ill be back to deal with you, he told her. Signaling Jerome, he said, Got any vinegar back there? Jerome looked around until he found a small bottle and handed it to Alec with a perplexed look on his face. Ariel laughed as she watched Alec tip the bottle against his lips and drink down the natural vomit-inducing liquid.
It doesnt matter what you do. Youre too late, Im telling you. By now, the great Molly OConnell is no more. Ashes to ashes and dust to dust, as the humans say, Ariel said with a snarling glee.
Alec fled outside as his insides began to heave. He threw up water and then the bitterness of the coffee re-entered his mouth, causing him to gag against the taste. He stumbled on his numb legs to his car. His stomach heaved once more when he got to his car. He wiped his mouth as visions of Mollys body torn into hundreds of pieces filled his mind. No, not his Molly! His chest burned with the thought of never seeing her bright, smiling face of never holding her body against his own of never tasting the delicacy of her blood again. He sped through the night, his only thought of getting to her before she was harmed. God, he hoped Ariel wasnt right that he wasnt too late already.

Molly forced her stiff limbs to move backward as the four men seemed to first crowd her, then circle her. She spun around to where Parker stood, an evil grin splitting his lips. Parker? she questioned, trying to understand what was happening.
As she stared into his eyes, she felt the similar pull that she felt when she stared into Alecs eyes, but instead of calming her, it had the exact opposite effect, it filled her with panic. The other three men laughed when she stumbled back from Parkers stare. 
A dark-haired man laughed and said, It looks like youre losing your touch, Parker.
He smirked. Like you can do any better.
The dark-haired man said, Come here, sweetheart. Let me tell you a secret.
The others laughed when she tried to dart away from the advancing man.
Another dark-haired man with a lilting voice slid up behind her, placed a restraining hand on her shoulder, and spoke calmly into her ear. Oh, sweet Molly, why dont you have a seat and talk with me for a little while?
Fear intensified the slamming pain in her head and her stomach rolled. Tears began to leak from her eyes and she struggled to see past them. She willed herself to calm down and think, but fear, being sick, and the medicine shed taken made her mind foggy. What do you want with me? she whispered.
Parker walked up to her side and rubbed a cool hand against her heated cheek. She willed herself not to shrink away from the touch. Ive always liked you, Molly. I think this will go better for you if youll just calm down.
She longed to look away from his eyes, but the pull seemed almost too great to ignore. Why are you here? she asked him with as much calm as she could muster.
Its simple. Its your turn, Parker told her smoothly.
She scrunched her face up in concentration. My turn?
She flinched when he reached his other hand out and tugged against the belt of her robe. Her chest rose and fell rapidly. Parker, please dont, she begged, as the finality of the situation hit her head-on.
One of the three men, a blonde-haired guy with piercing eyes, and a surprising Southern accent said sharply, Youre not following the rules of the Blood Pool, Parker!
The Blood Pool? Molly asked insipidly.
Parker drew back from her reluctantly, his hands raised, palms up, like he was facing a gunfighter. Youre right, youre right, he said. Turning back to Molly, he said, Ok, Molly. You have to choose one of us. It has to be your choice. Itll be easier for you, I promise. Just choose.

Alec ran every red light he encountered as he sped through the streets towards Mollys apartment. He wondered what hed encounter when he got there. His stomach continued to roil and his head seemed unclear and his movements uncoordinated. It took him thirteen precious minutes to reach her parking lot. The instant his feet hit the pavement his stomach roiled uncomfortably, but as he had nothing left in his stomach, he only was able to dry-heave. 

Molly blinked at Parkers command. Choose one of them choose one of them. The words rumbled around her sick and medicated clouded mind. She kept waiting for the words to make some sort of sense to her. She shook her head as the situation surrounding was just too bizarre to really be happening. She ran her tongue across her dry lips. She slowly turned in a circle, looking at the four men. Surprisingly, they all seemed to actually be waiting for her to make a decision. 
In the distance, she heard her cellphone ring out from her bedroom. Vaguely, the idea of running to her room, closing and locking her door, then calling Alec flitted across her mind. But she didnt want him here. Even if she wasnt idled as she was, she knew there was no way she could outrun four men.
She swallowed hard and her throat felt as if barbed-wire had been slipped through it. She whimpered. How was she supposed to choose and choose whom for what? She tried to block the obvious thought from her mind. Her brain tried to come up with a logical way out of her situation, but no matter how it scrabbled, nothing came.
Her shoulders slumped, her hope slipping away like soapsuds down a drain. There was no way out, all she could do was try to block her mind and endure it until they finished with her. Lifting eyes of acceptance to Parkers feverous ones, she whispered, Please make it quick.
Parker grinned victoriously. Around her, she heard the other men complain and grumble. Parker grabbed her arm and pulled her back to her bedroom. At least he wasnt going to take her in front of the others although, it apparently wasnt going to matter. She shuddered at what the night would hold for her.
Parker shut the door and leaned against it with his hands behind his back as he took her in. Quicker than shed have expected, he was suddenly standing in front of her. He pushed the robe from her shoulders, leaving her standing in only a thin cotton gown. He gazed down at her full breasts as they strained against the fabric. He returned his gaze to her eyes as he reached out to capture the orbs within his hands. Tears she couldnt contain began to stream down her face. 
Parker please, no, she whispered raggedly. Please help me, she begged.
He dipped his head and captured her mouth with his lips. Against her lips, he whispered, Ill be gentle, I promise.
His actions, however, belied his words, as in one quick motion, he ripped the front of her gown so that it flapped open, exposing her to his eyes. She gasped and tried to cover herself with her hands. 
Dont do that. Let me see my prize, he said in a raspy, passion-filled voice. Ive wanted to do this for so long. Ever since I watched the security tape of you and the bouncer at the bar. I want you like that with me. Placing his hands on her hips, he held her in place as he roughly pulled her nipple into his mouth. She cried out as he painfully bit into her soft flesh.
She closed her eyes to shut him out. She tried to take her mind far, far away from the room. She thought about being a young girl with her father and him teaching her to sail. The water that was what shed think about. The feel of being on a boat and its ebb and flow under her feet. She could smell the salt on the wind and feel it as it brushed against her face. She smiled, because she actually could feel the wind. It seemed to blow her hair about. She could do this. She could really block out what was happening to her. Alec filled her mind and she inhaled. As she did, she actually could smell him as well. The slight musky-woodsy scent of him filled her and she sighed in contentment. Shed fallen in love with him. She wished shed had the chance to tell him that. Would he have cared? Maybe it was better the words had stayed locked within her. 
She felt arms tightening around her and she smiled as she pretended she was with Alec. Are you okay, she heard him whisper. 
Ill never be okay, ever again, she whispered back to the apparition in her mind.
Molly. Open your eyes, baby. Look at me, the apparition demanded. 
She slowly shook her head. Im afraid. But slowly she obeyed anyway. Tears began to run down her cheeks again as she found herself looking not into Parkers crazed eyes, but into the worried eyes of Alec Kilton.
Am I dreaming? she asked.
Oh, baby. Im so sorry. Did he hurt you? he asked.
She began to tremble as the thoughts of Parker touching her filled her mind. She wondered if she was still in Parkers arms and her mind was just playing a cruel trick on her. Where is he? She followed his line of sight as he looked down close to their feet. His arms tightened around her when her knees buckled. She stuffed a hand to her lips to stifle a scream. Parker Ingrids body was lying crumpled on the ground but his head was lying detached several feet from it.
Her body was shivering so badly, if it werent for Alec holding her up, shed have fallen. A thought came to her. Alec, there are others, she whispered frantically. 
He gazed down into her eyes and she felt the same calming pull she always felt with him. How many? he asked calmly.
Three.
He stood staring down at her for a long time. Finally, he said, Molly, do you trust me?
She swallowed and slowly nodded her head.
Placing her tear-streaked face within his hands, he lowered his lips to hers and kissed her gently. He bent down and helped her back into her robe. I need to get you safely out of here before I deal with the others.
A thought came to her. How did you past them? How did you get into the bedroom without them seeing you?
Alec glanced towards the balcony doors which now stood partially opened, the curtains blowing as the wind blew gently into the room. She frowned. How? Its three stories up.
He shook his head impatiently. I dont have time to explain, but I need to get you out the same way.
Her irrational fear of heights swamped her. Frantically, she shook her head. No, Alec, no. I cant do it. Its too high, she whimpered as he tugged her face up to look at him. Almost immediately, she began to calm.
Slowly and softly, he told her. Okay, Molly, you are going to climb onto my back and wrap your arms around my neck. Then you are going to close your eyes and not open them until I tell you. You got that?
Slowly, as if what hed said made perfectly logical sense, she nodded her acceptance. He turned his back to her and bent to allow her to wrap her arms around his neck. As hed commanded, she clamped her eyes shut. 
You ready? he asked softly.
She nodded again. She felt his body rise, lifting her feet from the ground. She raised her legs and wrapped them around his waist. She felt the breeze get stronger against her face when he stepped through the window. She felt the slight jarring of his body as he somehow scaled the walls of her building, like he was a giant spider. She desperately wanted to open her eyes, but couldnt seem to force them open. She felt it when his feet hit the ground, and still she waited for his command that she could open her eyes.
Okay, baby. You can open your eyes now, he told her as he tugged against her arms banded at his neck.
She opened her eyes to find herself standing outside her apartment building next to his car. He gently brushed a finger against her cheek.
I love you, Alec, she said softly. The words came bubbling up like a geyser from within her.
He kissed her gently. I love you, too. Once Im done here, we need to talk, okay?
Molly glanced towards the building and those still waiting in her apartment. She lifted fearful eyes to him. No, Alec! Please dont go back in there. Lets call the police.
As before, he grabbed her face and kissed her quickly, before staring deeply into her frightened eyes. I want you to wait in the car. I want you to lock the doors and dont open them for anyone other than me. You got that? Only me.
As before, she slowly nodded. He placed her in the passenger side of the car and clicked the lock mechanism. He leaned down and kissed her quick once more before slamming the door and returning to scale the building once again. The strange calm that had claimed her began to fade when Alec was lost to her sight. She wanted to run out of the car to his aid, but her promise kept her seated tight inside the car.
She stared for what felt like hours up at the darkened balcony of her room, but saw nothing. So intent on her diligent monitoring, she jumped at the sharp tap on the drivers side window. She snatched her head around and sucked in air when she saw Ariel standing beside the car. Molly shook her head when Ariel motioned for her to roll down the window.
Come on, Molly. I only want to talk to you, she pleaded.
For reasons Molly wasnt sure of, she knew it wasnt safe to do what Ariel wanted. So, she again haltingly shook her head at the blonde woman.
Ariel began to bang against the glass. Open the damned door, Molly. You and me got some unfinished business, she demanded.
Molly glanced up at the building, willing Alec to appear. She flinched as suddenly the safety glass of the drivers side window exploded. Molly raised an arm to shield her face from the flying chunks of glass. Through the crook of her arm she saw Ariel standing outside with a tire iron shed taken from somewhere. Ariel let the iron fall with a clanking to the pavement and snapped the lock open before opening the door and sliding into the car next to Molly.
Molly, Molly, Molly, Ariel said as she tsked and shook her head. You always did underestimate me. Did you really think a locked door could keep me out? Ariel paused a beat before asking, Why arent you dead already? With a dismissive shrug of her shoulders, she continued, Never send a man to a womans job, right? she said as she flashed Molly an insincere smile. 
What do you want? Molly asked.
Ariels beautiful face contorted into an ugly mask. What do I want? Lets see I want you dead I want Daniel back I might not be able to get one, but I can certainly guarantee the other.
Molly swallowed. She longed to open the door and run, but Alec had told her to stay in the car until he came back. Molly screamed when Ariel threw herself suddenly at her. She watched in terrified fascination as Ariel opened her mouth wide and viciously bit into the soft flesh of her neck. She struggled against the other woman, but she was so strong. Molly struggled to get her arms between their bodies and she shoved and pushed and tried to gain purchase with her feet against anything. But nothing she did could dislodge the other woman from her body. 
Molly began to become lightheaded and the lights dotting the street began to waver and dim. In the far, far distance, she felt more than heard the soft thump as something landed on the roof of the car. At her neck, she felt Ariel suck wildly as if she was under some type of time crunch. As her awareness began to fade, she felt the skin of her neck tear as the woman was torn from her. Blackness settled upon her like a soft blanket.


Chapter 7

Molly woke slowly in her own bed. Itd been a dream. Itd all been a dream, probably induced by the cold medicine. She laughed at her own foolishness. She was surprised to find it still dark as she felt as if shed been sleeping for days, not hours. Her neck was stiff and she felt an odd pulling. She lifted a hand to her neck and felt the taped bandage. She scrunched her eyes in confusion. She allowed her head to loll to the side and found Alec lying next to her, his head lying against his hands. He watched her as she took in her surroundings.
Hi, he said softly.
Hi, she answered back. 
How are you feeling? he asked her as he brushed the hair from her face.
Im not sure, she replied as memories assaulted her.
What do you remember? he asked.
Im not sure, she answered again. 
Your fevers broken, he said softly.
Molly stared into his eyes trying to discern the truth. What happened to my neck?
He exhaled deeply. Molly, do you love me?
She gasped softly. She remembered telling him that in her dream. She swallowed and was surprised to find her throat no longer sore. Her vulnerability made her want to deny it, but something in his eyes wouldnt allow it maybe it was the vulnerability she saw in his eyes the sadness. She slowly nodded her head.
I need you to trust me, Molly. More than you ever have, okay? he asked as he gently stroked her cheek.
She nodded, suddenly afraid.
Molly, Im not who you think I am, he told her quietly.
What do you mean? she whispered.
I was sent here to find out about the rash of murders that had been going on here. Did you know about them?
Okay, so it wasnt as bad as shed feared. So, youre like a police officer or something? she asked.
He pursed his lips and slowly nodded. Sort of. But its a little more complicated than that. I want you to know that I would never hurt you. Do you believe that, Molly?
She swallowed hard again and lifted her frightened eyes to his before slowly nodding again.
While he looked into her eyes, he didnt attempt to haze her. He wanted no, he needed this to be her decision. Molly do you know what a vampire is?
Her heart began to pound as the craziness of his words hit her. A vampire? she asked inanely.
He kept her eye and nodded. Molly, I am a vampire.
Was she destined to fall in love with men who were insane? She began to shake her head, but he grabbed her head and met her gaze steadily. Yes, I am. There are lots of us out there. If you think about it, youll know its true. While you worked at the bar, you were surrounded by vampires all the time Parker was a vampire, many of your customers were as well. If you allow your mind to slowly rethink things, youll realize the truth of my words. 
She blinked rapidly. But how can that be? I fell in love with you. I made love with you
He smiled down into her face. I know, and Im so thankful for both. I love you, Molly. I want you to come back to the Nave with me live with me.
The Nave? she asked.
The Nave is well, its where I work, lets say, he answered as evasively as he could. He was already breaking all kinds of rules by even admitting to there being vampires.
Her chin began to tremble as her mind struggled to take in his words. She lifted a hand to her neck and the image of Ariel sinking her teeth there made her body shudder. She lifted scared eyes to his, Am I a vampire now?
He barked a laughed. No, baby, youre not. It doesnt work that way. I can turn you if you want, but the decision will be yours. His smile faded and his tone became more serious. Ill always protect you. Youll be safe with me, I promise.
Alec, Im scared, she whispered.
Im still the same man you fell in love with. You just have to look at is as if you just found out I was a different nationality or something. Im still me.
She raked her gaze over his face and he smiled tenderly. I love you, Molly. But this decision has to be yours.
She rolled over onto her back and let his words wash over her. She remembered how helpless shed felt when Parker and the others had come into her apartment. Then how relieved shed been when Alec had showed up to save her then he saved her again from Ariel. What happens if I say no? she whispered as she laid her forearm over her eyes.
Then you say no. Ill just have to try and find a way to make you change your mind, he said with a smile in his voice.
She turned onto her side to face him again. She lifted an unsteady hand to his face and traced the bones there as well as the outline of his lips. He pressed a kiss against her fingertips. Am I crazy? she asked him. Is this was insanity feels like?
He smiled and shook his head. Youre perfectly sane, I promise. Trust me, Molly. Trust me to love and protect you take care of you.
The thought of not being with this magnificent man creature vampire, or whatever he called himself was more than she could bear. Nervously, she leaned into him and pressed her lips against his. He cupped the back of her neck in his hand and pulled her more fully against him and took over the kiss. He stroked his way into her mouth and their tongues mated hungrily. He pulled back and hugged her against his body as he rained kisses over her head and face. He ran his hands up and down her body. God, I love you, he said raggedly. Is that a yes? Will you come with me?
With her face buried in his chest, she nodded and smiled when she heard him whoop with glee.

~ The End ~
 


Dear Readers,
I hope you enjoyed my short story, The Blood Pool. I am in the process of writing a paranormal book called Blood Haze. Happy Reading! 
I love to hear from my fans. You can contact me at lrpotterauthor@gmail.com, or on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/LR-Potter-Author/475135159246655

~~Other books by LR Potter~~

The Hourglass Killer Trilogy:
Dwindling Sands
Shifting Sands
Cascading Sands
The Hourglass Killer Trilogy  All three books together

The Color of Snow Series: (Paranormal)
Snow Blind
Snow Flurry

Memory Lapse  A Slater Vance Novel
Flawed Beauty

The Rush Series:
Rush of Innocence  Part One
Rush of Redemption  Part Two

Masters Saga
Master of the Game  Part One

Collaborative Works
Three of a Kind: Tales of Luck, Chance & Misfortune  Lucky Strike
Summer Sizzle - A Controlled Burn
Blood Bites  The Blood Pool

Coming Soon in 2014:
Blood Haze (Paranormal) (due out January 2014)
Mastering the Devil  Masters Saga: Part Two (Due out February 2014)


Authors Note:

This is the third book collaboration between the three of us. We enjoy putting out short stories for people to get lost in. LR Potter, Kristen Middleton, and C.J. Pinard all have free books for you to enjoy that span the genres of Paranormal, Horror, and New Adult and Contemporary Romance. We appreciate you downloading our books and hope you will continue to read our other works. If you have enjoyed this book or any of the others, we would be oh-so appreciative if you could leave us a review from wherever you downloaded this book. 
Thank you again. Links to our pages are as follows. Happy reading! 

LR Potter: https://www.facebook.com/pages/LR-Potter-Author/475135159246655

Kristen Middleton (also K.L. Middleton):  http://www.kristenmiddleton.com/

C.J. Pinard: www.cjpinard.com
