The Two Schillings

~A Historical Fiction Epic~

By: Anthony OBrian

Published by: Smashwords

Copyright 2013 Anthony OBrian

All Rights Reserved

ISBN:  9781301468614

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.



The Two Schillings


Book One:  Discovered Love

Chapter I

There once was a byway called The Kings Road.  It was a straight and long road, which everyone traveling in and out of London must take.  It was quite the place of business.  There were many booths in the marketplace lining both sides of the street as it carved its way through the city.  
The inns rose up higher than most buildings and seemed to be at every corner.  There were bakeries, which sent forth heavenly odors.  There were jeweler's shops with stars glistening in the small, square-paned windows.  Tailor's services, blacksmiths ringing out their livelihood upon their adamant anvils with smoke puffing from the chimneys at the billows demand.  Carts rumbled to and from marketplace to field, and from village to country.  It was a bustling and vibrant thoroughfare.
There was also a wonderfully sad place along this brightly burning and gay street.  This place was referred to as beggar's row.  It was here that the beggars, crippled, and poor of the city came to beg from all those that passed by.
At times, if the season was generous, one would be sufficiently supplied to stave off hunger and cold.  Yet, there were times when the kingdom was at war, or maybe at loss at having enough to happily and adequately support the people, in spite of taxation.  During these troublesome times the benevolence of a passerby would wane to a trickle.  It was then that only the most wretched and pitiful received enough to barely sustain. 
~
Such was the season and condition in the winter of 1412 when a sizeable young man, with gentry gait, and fine bearing traversed his way into the city on business for his father, who was a nobleman. As he rounded a corner, past a stately inn, he began to whistle a delightful tune which he had composed the day before.  He was so happy and contented.  He thought of his father at the administrative center of the king working for the welfare of the kingdom and his family.  He thought of his mother at home directing the baking and preparing for the evening meal.  In his mind he saw the servants hustling about making preparations, while his dear little sister teased them playfully.  He stopped whistling, looked up at the newly falling snow and smiled.  All seemed so fair, so pleasant, and at peace.
It was then that his quick clacking steps brought him by beggar's row, a place he had never known.  His footsteps halted, the smile vanished, and the tune in his mind melted and dropped away.  He stood there staring at all of the bedraggled, distorted, and filthy figures huddled against the cold.  Some were old, some were young, and others he could not tell for the filth that besmeared their features.  Suddenly, his eyes fell on a girl's beautiful face and he found himself looking into a wondrous pair of dark eyes, which were gazing intently upon him.  He felt very awkward, so gaudy, in his simple, yet tailored tunic and cloak, so self-conscious.  He seemed to be out of place here, but not out of place.  There he stood, for quite some time, looking into those pools of deep thought, seeing dreams reflected, then shattered.  Of a sudden impulse, he shook himself and went on his shoes clacking more quickly now.
~
The young man finished his business in town, though with a slower pace and dampened spirits, and returned home.  He felt very downcast and upset by what he saw at the place known as beggar's row.  He mentioned to his father the events that had transpired all that day, with special attention to what he saw at that most dreadful place.  
Father, it simply was terrible.  All of those people sitting staring at me with eyes that seemed hollow and . . . and hopeless, the lads said in a strong tenor voice that was so sad.
Yes, son I know, replied the father over his work as he sat at the desk reading transactions of the kings stable keeper.  
Isn't there anything that we can do?  The young man asked as he took his boots off.
His father put the paper down and turned to him.  I am afraid not now, we can't.  He shook his head in a wistful manner.
The boy was quiet for a few minutes as he came and sat down on the ottoman near his father's chair.  Suddenly, he picked up his head and stared out the window.
Father?  He said.  
Yes, son, what is it?
Today, I saw a girl there begging.
Well, as bad as it may sound, that is not very unusual.  The father put down his work once again and once again turned to face his son.
Yes, father, but she stared at me for the longest time, and I knew that she didn't belong there.
Now the father's interest was somewhat piqued.  What exactly do you mean?  He asked as he leaned closer.
I don't know.  I just knew that she didn't belong there.  It was something in her eyes I guess.  I have never seen eyes like hers.
The father chuckled, then reached out and ruffed up his hair.
No, father, this was different, I think.  When she looked at me I felt so ashamed of myself.  I was standing there in a fine tunic, none too nice, but much better than anyone there.  It made me feel so . . . different, so out of sorts with the world.
Well, son, the boy's fathered sighed and put an arm around him.  One day you will have the explanation for what you felt.
The son thought for a few seconds, and then asked, Why can't we help them, at least the girl?
The father stood to his feet and put his hand on his sixteen year old sons shoulders.  Son, you are getting older and there are a few things that I need to tell you about your father and his family.  Sit down.  He motioned to a chair.
He rang for a servant.
Yes, Milord.
Bring the boy and me some hot tea.
Yes, Milord.
Also, inform the lady that we will be delayed for supper, though only slightly.
Yes Milord.
After the servant had gone, he also sat in one of the arm chairs.  The tea arrived and after he had sipped a few times he held the goblet in his large hands and looked over at his son.
Son, your father used to be a wealthy man.  He managed his inheritance well and worked hard for what he had.  Yet, of late the kingdom has fallen on hard times, we are struggling to feed our people, and we have just disengaged from a civil war of sorts.
The next king will go over the channel, no doubt, to wage war with our enemies, which, of late, have been defying the crown, creating unrest with our vassals, and stealing from us by pirating our merchant ships or sending the vessels to the bottom of the sea, though Heaven knows that we have tried hard to have peace with the French  are we not of their stock, some of us anyway?  Also, there have been infrequent, but devastating raids on our homeland by rebels and their kind.  In the present state of things this comes as a great blow to an already wobbling realm.  Scotland is ever restless.  It would be the king's desire to steady the country as well as defeat our nemesis, but we cannot decide who we must turn against and whom we must befriend.  It is a difficult situation and expensive to maintain garrisons at so many place at once.
The man tasted his tea again, and then set down the goblet with amazing gentleness that belied his great stature and strength.  It quietly tapped down, and then settled.
I have always been a loyal subject and supporter to the king and all of his affairs, in both good times and times such as present.  Close to ten years ago I gave the king a great sum of our wealth for his endeavors and sponsored several knights to fight with him, as well as fighting myself.  Now the way that things have gone with our homeland after the war against the rebellion, all I have has been lost.  I was ruined and out of money, with not even enough to stable my mount and feed my squires.  I was . . . even close to one of those that you saw begging today.  When the king heard of my condition and the strait that I was in he sent a messenger to me with a sealed document.  I opened it and read it not once but twice before I brought it all in.  He reached into the bureau next to his desk and pulled out a small cloth sack and withdrew its contents, a yellowed parchment.  After unfolding the document he began to read it to his son.


My Dearest Loyal Subject,

I greet you from a field of blood and victory!  The blood of our enemy runs more than that of our countrymen, for this I am grateful.  The Percy Rebellion has been crushed, their men scattered.  They have no leader, Hotspur has been killed.  I am saddened, yet I also am of the knowledge of such a man's ability, and am grateful his tongue is silenced and his arm and the sword are rested in peace forever.
I recently inquired of the state of affairs at home and found many things unfavorable that I have resolved to right before my return, I hope.  One of them is your situation.  I am saddened to know of what has befallen you in your estate, yet I am also at joy to extend to you the hand of the king and the arm of the kingdom.
You have been more than a loyal subject, you have given much, and now all, for the success of your king in all that he does, and for this I am again grateful.  
The business of victory even now beckons so I must make haste in my letter to you.  This is what I ask of you.  Take all of your documents, deeds, titles, and debts, everything to do with your affairs and estate and give them to the messenger, which I have sent.  From there I will send to you things of the kingdom with which to worry your head over.  In essence what I propose is this, I will take over your debts and all you own and return to you a position in my kingdom, grant you privileges and warrant that neither you, nor your household shall in any wise lack of any necessity.
If it pleases you to accept and grasp the hand of the king and embrace the kingdom, I will be most pleased and overjoyed, if not, I understand a man's right and a man's pride.  If you decline, I will not fault you, nor turn from you the smile of the king.
I leave it in your hands, it is your decision.

July 1403


Your King,
King Henry IV of Bolingbroke


The boy watched his father read the letter to him with a face so intent that he appeared to be trying to grasp it all for himself, as if it was written to him.  The father put the letter down and looked at his son's face.
Naturally, your father being a man of sound judgment as opposed to rash arrogance, accepted.  Shortly afterward, I received my commission of earl in knighthood by the same king.
You did father?  The boy asked in a quiet tone.
Does that surprise you, my son?
No, father, I am just somewhat immersed in much that I don't yet understand.
The boy's father laughed.  Yes, of course.  Now allow me to finish.  Now that I am in the king's direct service I am responsible for all that transpires straight to him.  I neither have money to give nor have the power to give to any man.  I would, but I cannot.  What would the king say when the records of my account are recited to him upon his request that I gave away a farthing here, and a schilling there to help the poor?  When we might very well be in the same condition in a short period of time, doubtless more swiftly if I begin to give away the treasury of the king.  So, you see son, I desire to, but I cannot.
The boy looked at his tea, to the floor, and then his father.  Father I think that now I understand.
Good man, now let us go and get something to eat.
The boy hardly touched his food at supper and all that night lay awake with thoughts racing through his mind.  There were always those eyes, those dark eyes of that girl that didn't seem to belong there.  What was she trying to tell him, why was she there?  So many questions came to his head that he began to think that it would never end.  Until, a few hours before sunrise he drifted off into a restless sleep.
~
The young lad awoke, as if from an inspiration, and bolted upright in bed.  He had it! He had the solution to the problem.  Hurriedly, he slid out of bed and donned his robe and his slippers.
~
The last pieces of dishware were being taken from off the breakfast table when the boy spoke a word of his intentions.
Father, I would like to find employment in the city.  He said straightforward.
Well . . . His father seemed absorbed in the cleaning of his teeth at the moment.  Well . . . He repeated.
The boy waited on the verge of impatience for his father's reply.
The father looked at his son and seemed to be sizing him up for a decision.  He ceased picking his teeth, set down the small dagger, and looked his son squarely in the eye.  Son, you don't have to.
His mother broke from her quiet observation and interjected.  Of course not dear, you know perfectly well that your father and I will take care of you.  There will come a time soon enough when you will have to fend for yourself.  Who knows?  If this war endures between England and France you may have to fight for your life and your country.  Take the pleasure of the peace that you have at hand and squander it not.
His father turned an appreciative glance to his wife, their eyes met and they both smiled that knowing parental smile.  Your mother is right.  All things will come with time and that soon enough.
I know father, but still I want to
Does it have anything to do with what we talked about last night?
The boy was silent.
Son, your father is doing all right, we don't need more money.  If you do work I will allow you to keep all that you earn.  I will not ask my son, at such an age, to help support his father and family.
Oh, Father, that is not it, sincerely!  I just want employment.  I feel it would be productive and beneficial for me.
Certainly it would be, I cannot argue with that, there is no necessity though.
Yes, father.  Yet, may I?  He asked in a tone of conviction.
There was only a second's hesitation, then the reply which set the young boy's heart to leaping.  Of course son, only be careful in what you do, and watch that you are not taken advantage of.  Also, His fathers face became stern.  Your training and duties are not to be neglected.  Understood?
~
Again, another day found the same boy, in walking the same lane, and whistling that same tune.  This time though, he possessed a greater purpose in his heart other that just running an errand for his mother.  He had it figured out!  So he felt at the time.
~
Why yes indeed!  I am in need just now.  Fancy that!  I will tell you what I need and you will tell me if you are up to the task and we will see if you are qualified or not.  How is that my lad?  The man was quick with a smile and seemed to be a pleasant enough sort.  He instantly liked this silversmith and hoped that he might find work for him.
Just fine.  He replied with a grin.
Okay then, good enough.  What I am in need of is a courier, he said rather sternly, then with a covert tone that intimated secrecy and a certain feeling to the boy that he didnt think he was qualified, added, but, not just any courier.  I need an armed one.  One that is able to defend himself and the goods which I send with him.  He cannot be afraid to use a sword and must know how, well enough.  I dont want . . .
May I speak sir?  The young man interrupted.
Well, certainly, you may.  The man looked at him with an eye of examination, half in question of being interrupted and half of curiosity of what he this lad would say.
This is the way it is, sir.  I am looking for work as an armed courier as it happens.  Adrian spoke.
Indeed as it happens!  Ha!  Do you take me for a fool?  That is what you are supposed to say isnt it?  Now the silversmith looked with incredulity at him.  You expect me to believe that do you?
Actually I do.
And why should I?  The man crossed his arms across his thick chest and bulging paunch. 
Because I am.  I realize that this is not proof in itself, but I can prove it, somewhat.  He wasnt sure if he could prove it in the way he thought he could or not, but it was worth a try.
Alright let us see your proof.
Adrian unbuttoned his tunic, pushed it back to reveal a dagger at his side.  Do you wish me to show you this dagger?
If you think that will prove that you are telling me the truth.
The boy pulled the dagger out and handed it to the silversmith hilt first.
Finally made indeed, nice workings, and whats this . . . ?  His eyes fell on the end of the blade itself.  A coat of arms.  He looked back up at the lad.  Where did you get this finely crafted blade?
My father had it made for me by Esteban Francisco.  I think you can see his mark just below the coat of arms.
The silversmith looked and then caught in his breath.  Indeed!  Lad this is a weapon of great value.  You say your father had it made for you?  Who is your father?
He is a knight in the kings service.
I am to believe this?
I see no reason why you should not since it is the truth.  He looked the silversmith right in the eye.  If he didnt get the job from this fellow that was fine, though truth was he hoped he did, he liked the man.  But if he was not believed he would move on.  He had no reason to lie, and therefore there was no reason to disbelieve him.  So he reasoned to himself.
The silversmiths manner suddenly changed from that of the inquisitor to that of the believer.  Fine then!  So you are the son of a knight.  I may then suppose you are up to the task, but first tell me why it is that you want work to do in the first place?
I would rather not say, if that does not change anything between us.
The man laughed and slapped the lads arm jovially.  Ah!  I understand entirely.  Debts that you dont want your father to know about.  Maybe a little bad luck at someones table?
The boy was confused at first then laughed himself.  No, no nothing like that, just a little personal secret is all.
Well, if it is personal, then we shall keep it that way.
~
After he arrived home, a few minutes late for dinner, his father put his hand on his shoulder and smiled.  It was the kind of smile that says, 'I am proud of you'.  Content with this the family began to eat their meal at a slightly faster pace than usual.  The boy's little sister kept looking at him, with younger feminine sibling admiration shining brilliantly in her expression.  There was a bit of excitement in the air, it seemed, that crossed their threshold with the feet of this young man.

Our story continues, but for the sake of the reader we will ascribe names to its characters, though they are not their real names, they will suffice.  It is my desire, at this point, to begin to bring you even closer in heart to this story which you are reading.  Therefore, we will cause you to come to know those that participate within its pages and within your mind, and maybe within your real life that you live.
The boy we will call; Adrian.  His father is to be known as, Roland.  The wife of this stately man is known as Edessa, and the sister is Laura, a pleasantly intelligent child, though not talkative.  The silversmith is . . . shall we say, Waldo.  Of course, these dear folk lived during the time of King Richard V and Henry IV, a troublesome age for that of England.  Oh, yes!  You thought I had forgotten the girl, nay my dear friend! The girl, yes!  What do you say to Lily?  No. Matilda, Gretchen, or Betsy.  No, no, no!  Right, I don't agree either.  Let me see, this name must be beautiful, it must befit the circumstance, and most of all suit the fancy of such a tale as this.  Ah, I believe I have it.  Let us call this urchin of our story, Victoria Marie.  Yes, yes, beautiful, befitting, and out of a fairytale it wings its way between my quill and parchment!  Victoria Marie.  Will it suffice?  It will.  Good!
Now, I can tell that you are anxious to move on that we have put names to these figures of our observation.  Let us move on!

Adrian continued his escorting for the silversmith very busily for the rest of the week until at last; two shillings were placed in his hand as his recompense.
Oh, thank you so much.  
Thank you, it is your pay you know!  The smith, Waldo, smiled.  He had come to care for this sincere lad.  Might I venture a pressing question, my lad?  Though I know I have asked already in one form.
I suppose, you may.
What are you going to do with two whole shillings?
Adrian hung his head and was quiet for several long seconds.  He finally looked up, but did not speak.
Oh, quite all right Adrian, I understand.  You don't have to tell me.  I shouldn't have asked, but I thought you wouldn't mind.  
No, sir, I don't mind, just . . . I want to tell you, but maybe later.
Certainly.  Actually, forget the whole thing!  Forget I ever asked, how discourteous of me indeed!
With that they parted yet again.  This time before moving toward home Adrian had something else to do.
~
Adrian walked alone with his thoughts and dreams.  The closer he got to his destination, the more his heart pounded in his chest.  He stopped several times to breathe deep and still his beating heart and trembling hand.  He was hopelessly nervous.  Maybe he was just crazy instead!  Suddenly, there he was standing at the beginning of Beggar's Row.  He stopped.  There he stood for several minutes and looked from face to face.  It seemed after a minute or so that all else had also stopped.  It became very quiet.  Now a hundred lonely pairs of eyes looked from a hundred weary faces.  The old, the young, the weak, the strong.  There they were just as he so vividly remembered.  He couldn't move!  His limbs refused to function, but remained stubbornly paralyzed.  He looked at his one foot and then the other, neither of them seemed to pay him any mind, but remained planted firm.  He looked back at all of those wondering eyes and curious faces.  He felt like screaming from frustration and embarrassment.
~
A head lifted from a pair of slumped shoulders somewhere against the wall.  The face looked from one companion of sorrow to another as if attempting to find the source of their fixation and silence.  Slowly, slowly it turned until it came to the face of a young lad, the face of Adrian.  It kept turning, then swiftly, it snapped back to gaze upon him. 
~
In that instant Adrian saw her.  Those eyes were now burning into his.  He could feel them sift through his thoughts, through his motives.  His heart began an accelerated beat.  It seemed as though all of the futile commands which he had given his legs were not disobeyed, but simply delayed in execution.  Because now without his asking, or his consent, they began to walk, carrying him to this shimmering apparition that seemed to communicate to him with its eyes.  The beggars began to stir.  They looked from one to another then back at him.  Then it was as if it occurred to them where this lad was bound.  They almost at once turned to look behind them to the girl.  Their curiosity was satisfied; there their questions became acquainted with answers.  
~
Victoria watched with a curious expression on her face.  She wondered in her mind, 'what was this boy doing?'  Suddenly, she knew!  For a brief second her face flickered shame and fear, also sorrow, but was quickly replaced by that same placid, neutral, yet firm, expression which she so often employed in such situations.
The beggars began to part to make a small path from him to her.
~
Something stirred within her breast as she saw that everyone was moving out of his way.  They knew too, the object of this young man's attention.
~
He stopped at the feet of the first person and looked into their face.  A grin slowly broke across a toothless mouth, which seemed to say, ' Don't worry about me, go on.'  The boy smiled back.
~
Victoria Marie saw him stop and smile at Jenkins, the toothless man, who had lost his wife and children to the plague some years back.  Who was this boy?  Was he the same one she saw a few weeks before?  What did he want?  Where had he come from?  All of this seemed to frustrate her for reasons she could not explain.  The sudden attention of all of those around her made her very uneasy.  This boy seemed to be somehow interested in her, and she did not know how to respond.  She felt like bursting into tears!  Why did he want to come to her?  Why didn't he just go away and leave her alone?  She felt herself start to weep.  Taking a deep breath, she clenched her jaw and determined not to!
~
Adrian looked up again.  The girl appeared to be angry.  Then he noticed something else, a small tear in the corner of her eye.  His heart melted and became a heavy weight in the pit of his stomach.  He continued walking on toward her.  The toothless grinning man whispered something to him, but he did not hear.
~
The boy had started walking again, slower now, almost shuffling.  Victoria looked at his face, his shoulders, his garments, his carriage and then back to his face.  He was awfully handsome.  She couldn't remember seeing anyone that was more so in her life.  He walked keenly aware of himself, not in arrogance, but self-respect.  Who was he?  As he drew closer her heart began to flutter, her eyes glazed and a dream seemed to come across her vision.  She saw this boy in ten years, a man now.  Strong, sturdy, elegant and . . . hers!  There she was beside him in a vacant church with the sun shining through the windows along the side wall.  She could hear a minstrel somewhere, a voice softly humming. . . 
~
As Adrian drew up in front of the girl she seemed not to notice him, but was looking through him as if at something behind him.  He started to turn to see what it was when the glazed expression became focused and slowly, eternally slowly, turned up to meet his gaze.  The eyes went soft, the expression became angelic.  He felt himself smile.  Then as if there were a force besides him acting upon his members he knelt down and looked at the small wooden cup which was placed on the ground before her.
~
Victoria reached out to pull the object of shame from the boys vision.  His hand flew out and came down on hers just as she reached the top of the small vessel.  His grasp is firm, yet is so tender, she thought.  He began to extract her fingers from the cup one by one while with the other hand reached into his jacket pocket and pulled something out.
~
Adrian opened his hand to reveal one of the shillings which he had earned that week.  He saw her eyes open wide.  Looking into the bottom of that cup he realized it was empty.  He quickly put his hand back into his pocket.  When he pulled his hand back out again.  It appeared that he had changed his mind.  He had.  Her face was crestfallen, but his same hand opened up now with both coins sparkling.  He looked at her.  Her lips began to tremble.  A lone tear rolled down her cheek and dropped on the front of her dirty and tattered dress.  Then they began to come in rapid succession.  Adrian took that hand that he still held, turned it over and started to put the treasure in within its callused, yet tender, palm.  Her lips began to move and ever so softly he heard, No, no, no, He stopped.  Fear came over her face.  She jerked her hand away and hid both of them behind her back.
~
Victoria could see the hurt cross his face.  She was sorry, but not enough to receive his gift.  Two whole shillings!  Where had he gotten it?  Had he stole it?  Was he the son of a baron or a lord?  With a pained expression on his face he dropped the shillings in the cup.  It rang out like a loud incongruous gong in the silence that held preeminence, the coins striking the wood.  She heard gasps and sighs from those around her.  Suddenly, she became angry!  Why?  Why?  Why was he doing this?  What did he want?  Emotion welled up within her and overcame her faculties.  She picked up the cup and threw its contents at him and then the cup.  All three hit him in the chest.  The cup fell to the ground with a crack, and then rolled away to come to rest against the wall.  
~
Adrian fell back as if he had been given blow to the face.  More gasps came aloud from those surrounding.  He was shocked beyond belief.  He didn't understand.  Then she cried to him.  Get away, get out.  Leave me alone.  Who are you?  So fast, the words came that he could hardly distinguish them separately.  He rose to his feet and looked at her in bewilderment.  Go, go, go!  Go away!  She cried once again.  He did.  He turned and ran.  His eyes began to flood with tears and fly off his cheeks and chin as he ran.  He didn't understand.  What had he done?  Why did she do that?  Oh, how his heart ached!  His mind began to hurt from the cascade of questions that fell on him, all without answers.  He didn't know how far or where he had run, but it was nightfall that found him somehow on the street which he lived.


Chapter II

That night in bed Adrian tossed and turned restlessly till the sun began to filter through the shades of his window.  He opened his eyes, reached up and pushed back the curtain.  There was the beautiful sun.  Peeping its way ever so gently and considerately over the forested hills to the east.  The sun seemed to be saying, 'I'm sorry to disturb you little Adrian, but I got to keep a tight schedule'.  Adrian rubbed his eyes and yawned.  Frankly he forgave the sun for coming up on another day, which he hoped would never come.  He couldn't let circumstances get him down.  For such a glorious day was awakening from yonder side of the globe.  What a sight!  There it was!  The friendly glow that sent the shadows fleeing, back to the caves and thick groves from which it had crept the night before to steal its way across the land.  He could already feel the tender warmth that ever so gently dissipated the fog from off of the houses, like a maid's broom sweeping over cobwebs.  There it was, a new day, a new opportunity.  Maybe things would be different today.  Maybe yesterday was a bad dream from which he had just awakened.  Maybe he could change everything, and watch the same sun set on the opposite side of the sky with a delightful heart.  Maybe . . . just maybe.
~
Adrian came to the breakfast table with a happy smile, dressed and ready for the day.
Why, hello my son.  His father, Roland, said.  Good to see your fortitude has kept you in good standing with morning life, after your late return last night.
Adrian gave a dry, somber grin as he put his head down and pulled out his chair at the table.  Yes, sir, thank goodness.
Is everything all right at work and with your lessons?
The lessons are going fine.  Adrian thought for a moment.  I couldn't ask for a better employer.
Except, maybe one that wouldn't keep my son so late.  You have duties to perform here too you know.  You also have combat lessons to attend, those are very important, seeing how we seem to be perpetually at war.
Yes, sir I know.  He did not keep me late.  I seemed to have gotten lost on my way home.
Well . . . now we can't be having that, can we?  Furthermore, you appeared to be in the worst of spirits when you shuffled your way to your room without a word to your mother or I.
I am sorry; I guess it wasn't a very good day all in all.
Ahhh.  Don't let it get you down.  Now, tell me, how much has the silversmith paid you for two weeks work.
Two Shillings.
His father raised his eyebrows.  Not a small sum for a lad your age I might say.
No, Sir.
I am sure that you have the best of plans for such an amount.  Something that would be wise and satisfactory, no doubt.
At this, Adrian swallowed hard.  The whole scene again washed over his mind and heart like a flood of sorrow and pain.  The giant of a lad looked hard at his plate, bit his lip determined not to cry.  He remained silent for several slow seconds.  Ever so slowly, a rogue tear slipped past his most valiant efforts and fell straight down, striking his plate.  It landed with a silent splash which sent it into a thousand different directions.
And what is this?  It did not escape his fathers quick and observant eye.
His mother's face took on a deeply concerned look.  Yes, son what is wrong? 
Adrian remained quiet for a few more agonizing seconds.  His father's face softened, he reached out a large tender hand, set it to the boys forehead and tilted it upward, till he could look him full in the face. 
Adrian felt his soul pierced by his father's inquisitive and intelligent eyes.  The continued worried look on his beautiful mother's face intensified his discomfort.  He looked away from them both quickly.
Adrian.  There was a resolute tone of soft steel in Rolands voice.
Yes. . . father.
What happened?
Oh, father I would rather not speak of it ever! Ever!
Adrian?
Yes, father.
We will talk about it.
Yes, father.  Can we wait till later?  I must eat and be off to work.
Roland hesitated for a breath or two.  Then he pinched his son's cheek, fair from the winter past.  I will wait, but not for long, lest we forget.  We will not forget will we?
No.
Good.  Tomorrow evening before you go to bed then.
Yes, sir.
Fine then, eat your food and be off with you.  If you are late to work I will have the smith scourge you, understand.  Roland scolded in a playful manner.
Absolutely!
~
The next day came and went and still Adrian's father never breathed a word about the episode.  Several more days passed.  Then one week came and went.  Adrian was hoping he had forgotten the whole thing when on the day which marked the third week also his day of pay, his father caught him by the collar just as he was kissing his mother goodbye.
Adrian stiffened.  He did not move.  
Son?
Yes.
Turn around.
Adrian did as he was told.
I did not forget.
Adrian did not reply.
His father waited for none.  Neither did you.
No, Sir.
You won't be going to work today.  I sent a servant to inform the smith, Waldo.  Also, I will be collecting your wages and have them put in a safe place until this matter is settled between us.  Understand?
Adrian nodded his head slowly.
His father let go of his collar and gently pushed him toward the sitting room.
~
Roland leaned back as his son released the last words of his unpleasant tale.  He looked out of the window for a minute or two.  There, in the tense silence that followed, Adrian's mind raced back and forth from one end of the world to the other end.  What a picture of authority Roland seemed to possess in this lad's eyes in this moment.  The dread of impending doom seemed to be the most prominent object of his thoughts.  Suddenly, the matter was settled.  His father straightened, and turned his gaze to his son.
Adrian, what I have heard leaves me with mixed feelings and uncertainty of what to do next.  I know that whatever I do, it must be the right thing.  With this knowledge, I cannot, consciously, make a decision right now.  Yet, I assure you that I will make one shortly.
Yes, sir.  Adrian answered quietly and in a subdued manner.
Furthermore, the delay in this decision will affect your employment for the silversmith.  So, until then you are to remain at home, do your chores, and continue with your fencing and horsemanship lessons.  His father said in the same mild, yet stern tone of voice.  It seemed to settle the matter for the time being, but Adrian knew that his heart did not agree.  As much as he tried to make it understand, it insistently contended for its own cause.
~
Adrian went to his lessons at the arms school and also at the stables.  His mind was preoccupied and he was beaten in practice nearly every time the next day, which was unusual for him.  After the eighth bout another loss for Adrian, the master pulled him aside and asked him what was wrong.  Adrian shrugged, and said it was nothing.  The master pressed him further, Come, you are a good fighter, you have unusual strength, yet you have lost all but two bouts today, there is something troubling you.
Adrian replied that he would be fine.  He promised, on his honor, that on the morrow he would be back to normal.  It was settled.  Adrian changed, gathered his things, and made his way to the stable.
~
Two days later, everything came to a conclusion and the matter was laid to rest.  Roland said that the boy's actions were to be understood and even excusable, but were not attributed to good reason.  The conclusion was that the boy was not to give any more money to the girl; he was to earn his wages and invest, save, or spend them in a wise way.  The boy agreed, reluctantly, he really had no choice.  To disagree would be absolutely stupidity, though to agree was not sincere, even somewhat hypocritical.  How could he!  He could not!  Not in his heart, the arrow of a mischievous cupid had lodged itself resolutely in its core!
~
Time went by and the boy remained faithful to his father's word . . . mostly.  Although he had to admit to coincidentally walking by beggar's row, hoping for just a glimpse of the lovely face that seemed to be burned into his mind.  It was ever so real to him!  It was as real as if it were the portrait of a princess hanging in his bedroom there to greet him with each new day.  It was all that he thought about.
One day he was sent on an errand by the smith that changed that portrait, consequently his life.  The shop had been closed for the past fifteen minutes and Adrian was waiting for one of the apprentices to load up their delivery.  He was to follow to ensure the delivery was safely made.  Just then Waldo came to him with haste.
Lad, I need you to do something especially for me.  I will pay you extra for your trouble.  Are you willing?  Waldo seemed to ask as if he had already decided that the boy was willing.  He was.
Sure.  What is it?  The boy was happy to be of any service to this fine man. He was also excited over the thought of a coin of two more added to his pay, which happened to be on this day.
Well, it is something that I normally do myself, but I believe that I can trust you to do just as good a job.  He laughed at his mild sarcasm.
Oh, yes sir, you can trust me, for sure.  Adrian excited at something new and the sense of adventure.  Just tell me what it is and it is as good as done!
Fine!  The smith emitted a short burst of laughter at the boy's excited reaction.  It seemed to make him a lot more of a friend rather than an employer Adrian thought.  Yes, you'll do fine.  Here is the situation that my lady has got me into.  There seems to be a trader of fine ware here from Austria visiting certain political acquaintances on his return from a pleasure voyage in the Atlantic. Heaven knows why any soul would consider a voyage in that God-forsaken, contemptuous sea a pleasure, but that is of no matter here.  What does matter is that we are invited to dine at a feast given by Lord Walter Buxton tonight.  My dear wife seems to have heard all of the upper social gossip about the party and knowing that this bargaining baron was going to be in attendance, rather the guest of honor, secured us an invitation.  I am sure that she will also conveniently bring up the matter of my trade and wares.  If she presses to this distance I have no doubt she will use her irresistible charm to gain a contract for me.  Egad, what a woman I have married!  It is a wonder that she even noticed me in the midst of all the bobbing heads of pursuing gentlemen.  What a mystery which I will never understand!
Oh!  I am quite sorry!  I seemed to have lost the subject at hand.  Where were we?  Ah! Yes, the errand.  So, I need you to take this package to the orphanage across town.  In a rather hurried fashion Waldo explained to him how to find it.  Aha! I see the questions in your eyes.  I will tell you only because I trust you in the first place.  I send money to help those poor little children that have no father or mother.  It is a good thing, seeing how we have no children of our own.  Not a bad exchange, it is like having so many children all at once.  Also, there is a platter which did not satisfy one of my more demanding customers.  It is for the lady of the house.  Now run along.  It must not be late else they will wonder at old Waldo's memory.  We don't want them to believe themselves forgotten do we?  They have so little to hope for as it is.
Yes, Milord.  Right away and gladly!
That is what I like about you.  Such a good lad.  There are times when I dream of having a son.  If I ever did I would want him to be just as you are!  Waldo said these last words with his face turned up to the ceiling.  Almost in a fashion that Adrian thought he was hoping God was listening in and would take the hint.
Now, here is your pay. . . and the extra.  The silversmith plopped several coins into Adrian's hand.  Stopped and then added some more.  There you go.  A little something extra for you to do with however you see fit.
The boy's face lit up and his eyes went wide.  Waldo laughed uproariously.  His heavy frame quaking with the mirth of his soul.  You like that do you?  Well, I suppose that old Waldo is in a good mood tonight.
Suddenly a sharp feminine voice called from the rear entrance of the shop.  Waldo dearest, are you quite ready?  We haven't much time to spare you know?  And for heaven's sake, what are you roaring about up there?
Waldo caught Adrian's arm and spun him around swiftly.  Go, hurry now, before the lioness sees how much I have given you.  She would take us captive, march us down to the city square, and whip us both for being such boys.  He slammed him on the back with a heavy hand and pushed him forward with a jerk.  It knocked the wind out of Adrian.  As soon as he gained his breath he scooted out of the shop like a cockroach running for shelter.
As Adrian started out, he suddenly had a rather pleasant realization dawn on him.  The orphanage lay almost in his direct path to home.  Wow!  He thought, what a Godsend, the extra pay for nearly nothing!  What a wonderful day this had turned out to be!
~
By the time he had finished his escort of the apprentice and started toward the direction of the orphanage the wind was beginning to pick up and blow debris down the street.  Walking on, he greeted people with a smile and a nod.  Those which passed closer to him he spoke a cheery How do you fare?, or How do you do?  And such like.  People pleasantly returned the greetings, as they drew their overcoats tightly about them to shield from the winter cold.  Many took no special notice of him, while some seemed to wonder at the brilliant expression on his face.  He was oblivious to their reactions, positive or negative.  He was too happy to pay any mind to any sour apples right now.  So oblivious in fact, that as he was turning, to exchange a nod with a gentleman passing the opposite direction, he failed to see that a boy in front of him had stopped and stooped down to take something from the ground.  He ran directly into him knocking him right over and then he, having such momentum, followed along and toppled beside him.  He quickly jumped up and recovered his package.  He turned to apologize and help the other boy to his feet.  As he did so, intending to pick up his things, he failed to notice the long dark hair which tumbled down out of the hood, which had been flung back in the spill.  He did not even look at the boy, but bent to help him pick up his things, mostly small coins.  
Oh my!  I am so sorry!  I was so clumsy, please forgive me!  Here let me help you.  Honest, I won't steal a farthing.  The boy let him and he did, placing the package under his arm as he swiftly plucked the coins from the dirty, trampled snow.  After scanning the area rapidly several times and finding nothing remaining, he began to stand.
Thank you.  A voice spoke so softly and quietly.  He froze.  Then with a sort of entranced motion he finished standing and looked into the face of Victoria Marie.  His heart stopped and his blood seemed to pool somewhere in his feet.  He couldn't tell where, but where ever it went it did not supply his brain with enough to help him think.  He just stood there and stared, astonished and speechless.
Slowly, she smiled at him.  Oh my!  His heart came out of its stupor with a violent start and began to pound like a hammer against his ribs.  They stood there, for some time.  She continued to smile as the wind blew her black locks across her face and ruffled her beggar's garments.  Angelic, Adrian thought.  
~
He is a dream, mused Victoria Marie, standing there with the breeze tossing his short-cropped hair back and forth.  His clothes, now dirty and dripping here and there with muddy snow, began to twist and flap in the wind.
Hesitantly, Adrian spoke.  I . . . I am so sorry!  I was being rather clumsy and...
Don't be.  She cut him off.  I am grateful for the accident.  It has given me an opportunity that I never thought I would have.  You see, I am sorry.  I did not mean to be such a vile soul to you.  I hope you will forgive me.
Forgive you?  Adrian still was not thinking clearly.  For what, stooping in the street?
A puzzled expression came on Victoria Marie's face.  She stared for a moment intently at this funny boy.  You don't remember me?
Now Adrian was puzzled, I don't remember you?  Of course I do!  He almost added that he had thought of little else since they first met, but didn't.  Why?
You don't recall how badly I treated you?
It suddenly flooded back to Adrian and his face showed that he had remembered.  She reached out and put a slight hand on his sleeve.  I am sorry.
Quite alright, I suppose.  Although I must admit I didn't and still don't understand.
No, I wouldn't imagine you do.  I shouldn't expect you to and I don't.  It is just. . .  She pulled her hand away and looked down at the ground.  It is just that, as far back as I can remember no one has ever showed me such a gesture of pure kindness.  I am afraid I did not know how to take it.  The emotions I felt were so foreign to me.  I reacted wrongly.  For that, I am very sorry!
At first Adrian did not know what to say.  Finally, the right words came to him.  I would like to say that I understood, but I am uncertain as to whether I do or not.  I believe I could imagine what it was like, but I don't know if it would be the same as what you felt.  I don't know your life or your family, so I can't make a clear comparison.
That is just it.  I have no family; I live at the Kings orphanage.  She said as she looked back up at him. 
You . . . you do?  Adrian stuttered.
Yes.
Well, this is great!  No, not great.  What I mean is 'how wonderful'. . .No, Ahhhh!  Let me start over.  He took the package from beneath his arm.  See this?  He asked excitedly.  I am taking it to the orphanage.  It is for you. . . I mean it is for the children at the orphanage!
Really!  She smiled brightly.  Why?  What is it?
The silversmith, Waldo, he gave it to me to deliver.  I work as an armed courier for him.
Then that is where you got that money!  I thought you had stolen it or got it from your father.  I did not know you worked for it.
Yes, I did!  What did you do with it?
After you left I let it lay for a while.  Everyone kept staring at it and then at me.  I suppose they thought me crazy.  Maybe I was, maybe I am.  I refused to claim it.  How could I?  She looked down at the ground for a moment and then back up.  Finally, Jenkins, the man that spoke to you, came and took the money up and put it in my cup.  A murmur of approval followed and all turned back from me to their own business.  What could I do, but keep it?
So you did keep it?  Adrian anxiously asked.
Yes, I did.  She stopped, reached into the pocket in her frock.  Here.  She said and grasped Adrian's wrist, turned it, and placed into his hand the two coins.  I have carried them every day, waiting and hoping that somehow I would see you again.  Adrian was taken aback once more.  This reversal of actions left him speechless for the second time in five minutes.
No!  He cried almost ready to burst into tears.  NO!  Why?  Why didn't you take it and spend it for something, something that you needed?
I couldn't.
Why?
I don't know.  I just couldn't.
Adrian just stood there and looked at the coins.  Finally he said, I understand now how you felt.  You felt like . . . like. . . 
Like you have never felt before, unworthy.
Yes, that is it, but there is something else too!
Yes, it is called, confused.  Too many questions of why.  Too many things come into your mind and taint the gift.  You can't hold it without it burning into your hand, through your arm, and into your guilty conscience.  You don't deserve it.  How can you take it?  It must be forced upon you, for you cannot bring yourself to kindly receive, and kindly reply with gratitude.  This only causes you to loathe it more.  Yes, you do understand.  She moved closer to him.  He remained fixated on the objects in his hand.  She leaned toward him, stood on her tiptoes and knocked a piece of muddy snow from his head.



Chapter III

The orphanage was a three-storied, aged, stone building with ivy covering most of the face of it.  As Adrian approached the structure it became evident to him that it was in a terrible state of disrepair.  There were places where the stone was crumbling and other places where it had fallen away.  Despite this, the grounds were exquisitely maintained, which seemed to lend to the entire scene, otherwise gloomy, a sense of hope.
They went to the entrance, Victoria taking the lead, to show Adrian the way to the stewardess' office, where he was to present the money and the gift.
They went in through the large wooden double doors and into, what appeared to be in a bygone age, a grand entryway.  It was not now, but only dark and simply sullen.  What a dreadful place, thought Adrian.  How can anyone bear to live here?
Victoria Marie led Adrian down a long hall to the right of the room.  There at the end stood a door marked with a large brass door knocker.  Victoria Marie turned to Adrian and said, Here is where I must leave you Adrian. they had exchanged names and other familiarizing conversation during the remainder of the walk.  I am somewhat late and I am sure that supper has already begun.  If a morsel is to be had it would be best to get it before the others devour all.  Thank you so much for your company, I shall not forget you.
Adrian awkwardly extended his hand, not knowing what else to do.  She took it.  Thank you also, I shall not forget you either.  He said.
With this she turned and was gone back down the hall.  Adrian was left alone with the closed, ominous door.  Slowly, he raised his hand and pulled the knocker down upon its base three times.  There was a stirring within, the sound of a chair being scraped on the floor.  Then slow muffled footsteps approached the door.  The latch worked and the door opened to reveal a rather tall, thin, woman who appeared to be in her fifties.  She was very moderately dressed, yet was quite striking besides.  She held a garment in her hand, which she appeared to be mending.  So this was the Lady Emily Shelton!, thought Adrian.
Yes, lad, how may I be of service to you?  Her voice was clear and resounded with a tone of knowledge and wisdom.
Yes, Madam, my name is Adrian.  I was sent here by the silversmith, Waldo, who was not able to make it today.  I am to present these articles to you.  Adrian held out the package with the small sack of money on it.
Oh!  Please do come in and sit for some tea.
Adrian hesitated.  
I insist.  The lady said as she stepped back and swept her arm holding the garment in the direction of an empty chair.  Adrian walked to the chair and sat down.  The Lady Emily rang a bell, then came and sat down in the chair next to him.
Now let us see what it is that you have brought.  She reached over to a table and set down her mending.  She turned back to Adrian, placed worn hands together in her lap, and looked at him with a grandmotherly look.  That Waldo Denton and his dear wife, Eleanor, are such kind souls.  Every month, they send such a gift for these poor children and me.
Yes, madam.  Adrian agreed with all she had said.
Are you a messenger boy, a servant perhaps?  You don't have the look or the clothing.  No, certainly not, there is something about you that speaks of a higher birth.  Perhaps, royalty?
Nay, I am neither.  Not a servant, nor royalty.  I am just the son of a knight, Sir Roland of Essex and his wonderful wife, my mother.
Quite, well, of a wonderful mother is so readily obvious, also of a noble father.  She looked at the lad, her head held tilted to one side and smiled pleasantly enough.  Suddenly, there was a rapping on the door.  Ah! The tea.  She stood with energy and clapped her hands together.  The door opened and a little girl walked in bearing a tray, which seemed much too large for her.  She made each step with intense concentration.  Adrian stood.
No, no!  Sit down Adrian, please.  Insisted the lady, again, with belying energy.  He did.  She went to the young girl and took the tray from her and set it down on the tea table by the window.  She gave the girl a kind pat on the head and sent her away.  Thank you dear Louise.
The girl stood at the door, smiled, and went out.  When the door was shut Lady Shelton went to the fire and placed a few more pieces of wood on the diminutive blaze.  She then walked to the large window and pulled back the drapes to let in the rays of the early evening.  She began filling the cups with tea.  She finished and called Adrian over.  He came over and sat.  His tea was handed to him and there they sat for some time in silence looking out over the landscape, and enjoying the delicious tea.

Hello?  I see that you have made it thus far in my tale.  I do assume that your interest is piqued, so I will continue.  Before I do I must speak a word of confidence with you.  You mustn't breathe of it to anyone, it is our secret.  Agreed?  Grand, we shall continue.
This story occurred somewhere, in sometime.  It is real.  What I am writing for you to read is of the truth.  It is with much pondering and fretting that I have come to the conclusion to relate this tale which I carry in my heart.  But, remember, you have agreed not to speak of it.  Also, one thing more I ask of you.  Seek not out its characters, for I know that they wish to rest from the weariness of this world.  Their road in life has been one of the utmost rigor and toil.  They are indeed weary.  It is the strain of reality that has put upon them a desire to be freed from the land of the living, and they are.  Let the bones lay, let the place of rest remain untouched and let them rest, rest in peace.
If we have struck an agreement, we will go on.  Please, your attention for there is something that we shall look upon now.

Roland looked across the room at his daughter sketching by the firelight.  Her motions were smooth and swift.  A jot here and a scratch there, pushing and pulling the pencil across the paper, until finally she held it at arms length to survey her work.  What a shame!  Thought Roland.  What a shame!  Such a creature ought not to have been born into such a world as this, it is not worthy.  She believes in all good and sees not the evil which will ride into her life one day.  It will bring an end to all of her innocence and nave smiles.  What a shame!  His dear daughter began to shimmer in his misty, tear-blurred vision.
Father, look at this.  I have finished.  Laura turned and held up the picture for him to see.  The firelight now caught her face at an angle that seemed to dance upon it with pleasure and loveliness that could only be dreamed of.  She was indeed the picture of innocence and would one day be a gorgeous woman!  Perhaps even something that was truly pure.  What a shame!
I cannot see it from here, my rose, your father grows old and his eyes are dim.  Roland replied.
Nah, father.  The girl laughed.  You are not old, not at all and you are not going blind.  It is simply your imagination.  She laughed again.
He chuckled.  You are right.  I look for excuses to keep from moving.  Come here, sit on my lap, and show me what it is that you have eked out of that charcoal and paper, Laura.
She jumped up off of the thick rug and ran to his side.  He leaned forward to help her onto his lap.  She was slender, yet not a scrawny one, as he had seen and disliked in children.  Children should be healthy looking, if not somewhat plump.  Too much of too little in this day.  Thought Roland.  So many children going with less and less.  It is all due to the French and Scottish.  If only they would settle their dispute with England without pirating merchant ships, burning farms, and ambushing tradesmen!  Yet, again it was the way of their history and in all honesty, was done by both sides, though he did not agree with either behaving in such a way.
Wonderful!  Very good indeed!  Her father held in his hand a marvelous picture of a horse at a gallop with its tail and mane flying behind.
Really?  Laura squealed with excitement.
Truly!  It is, Laura.
Laura suddenly grasped her father's head with both hands and kissed him on the cheek.  I don't know if you are saying that just to make me feel special, but I tell you, it does make me feel so!  You are wonderful.
Dear, come here and look at our little artist's work.  Roland called over to Edessa, his wife.  She put down her embroidery and came for a look.
It is very nice, Laura.  She leaned over the back of her husband's chair.  

What a picture of tenderness was framed then inside those walls, beside that fireplace, surrounding that man in his chair.  Such a picture is seen throughout the ages of culture and civilization.  It is repeated over and again.  Drawn over time with the hand of God, only to come to death at the hand of man.  The picture you now see cherish it my friend for time will mar it.  Evil with wrinkle it and finally it will be torn into pieces and cast to the wind.  Such is the way of such things, over and over again.  Evil seizes the innocent out of hatred or remorse with sullied hands only to soil it as itself.  Its object of seizure and passion only then intensifies its hatred and remorse as it is a reminder of things gone past, unretractable, and unchangeable.  Innocence gone, purity gone, peace gone, all things good. . . gone and turned to ashes.  Evil.  Indeed Roland, what a shame!


The sun began to sink into the hills to the west as Adrian and the lady of the house finished their tea and conversation.  It had been a quietly pleasant time for them both, for they enjoyed one another's company.  They had spoken of various little things about life that they had observed and experienced.  Lady Shelton commented to Adrian that he seemed quite grown up for his age.
Well, madam, I feel no different than if I were any other age.  I don't feel more grown up one age over another.  I just seem to be me.  Adrian said and shrugged.
Exactly, she laughed.  Of course you are you, that is the best thing to be.  That is all you will ever be able to be, but by your own admission, in saying so, you are proving my point.  It is not every lad of your years that has the realization that he simply is what he is!  She rose and set down the cup on the table.
He stood and did the same.
Now, do me a favor and tell your mother and father what a wonderful job they have done with you and also send them my greeting, I would like to meet them some day.  The lady went to a desk and took a small piece of paper out and handed it to him.  Here is my name and this address, let them know that I extend a personal welcome to them anytime they are near.  I know that there is not much here to see, but I do crave culture and would be privileged if they would break in on me one day.  Do tell them.
I shall, of a certain. Adrian said positively.
Well, before I see you to the door, is there anything else I can do for you?  Asked the lady.
Adrian paused for a moment and then replied.  Actually, you can.  I would like you to take this.  He reached in his pocket and withdrew the extra pay which the silversmith had given him for delivering the goods.  And keep it for . . . for.
The lady brow wrinkled and her gaze was turned askance at Adrian.  Yes?  She said slowly.
Well, that is, I would like to donate it to the orphanage.
Is that all?  Just donate it to the orphanage?  That is kind of you, but I feel as though there is something else lingering in your heart and mind that you have not been forthright in disclosure to me.  Am I right, my little friend?
Adrian could feel his cheeks began to burn.
She smiled and spoke gently as she put a hand on his shoulder.  Oh, now there is no need to be embarrassed.  We are friends, remember?  You can tell me, I won't express amusement or tell a soul.
Really what I would like to do is give this money to you to keep for Victoria Marie.  He managed to finally get out.
Ahha!  Would you be surprised if I told you that I thought as much?  No, certainly not.  For you see we old ladies haven't much else to do, but dote around, snoop, and otherwise keep an eye out for interesting details of life.  I saw you two walking together and coming up to the front door there.  She pointed and Adrian turned to look.  He hadn't thought about it till now, but you could see the lane for quite some distance and out in front, all the way to the front door.  You see, I had a few minutes of quiet observation that sort of enlightened me somewhat.  Besides the fact that I found Victoria Marie very disturbed some weeks ago about something.  I asked what it was about and she wouldn't tell me.  Although she did ask if there was anything that I had ever received before which I did not feel worthy of the gift or the giver.  I told her yes, I had.  She asked me what I did about it.  I told her that I returned it.  This seemed to satisfy her and she quickly recovered.  
Now, let me guess.  You somehow, somewhere gave her something which she has now returned to you.  You know that she will not accept it again, so you have asked me to keep it for her.  Am I quite right?
A subdued nod from Adrian was the answer she got as he handed her the money.
I will tell you what then my little friend.  Of course I will keep it and it will remain our little secret until she needs it or until she leaves, in which case I will send it with her.  Is that fair enough?
Adrian's face lit up.  Great, to say the least I totally agree.  That is what I wished of you.
Then, consider it done.  She opened the door for him.  As he went out she said.  Don't forget to speak to your parents of the kind old lady which you met that is withering away without any culture to speak of.
I won't. I will not tell them you are old though.
They both laughed and Adrian went out.



Chapter IV

The feast was roaring and surging to the laughter and movement of the elegance and grandeur of its attendants.  Gentlemen and their ladies, so exquisitely dressed and powdered, were everywhere; tasting meat and cakes, sipping tea and wine, speaking with comrades, friends, and new acquaintances, dancing, singing with the music of the latest popular ballads, or sitting quietly to the outer circle whispering softly with lovers.  There where knots of older gentlemen here and there with glasses in their hands, talking of various things, and watching the swirl of skirt and click of heel.  It was indeed a grand site!  The grand hall of Sir Walter Buxton was not of great size, but was exquisitely decorated with many articles of finery.  There were large oaken pillars which held up a walkway that also served as a balcony for quiet observation of the goings on below.  There were several contemporary paintings hanging of jousting tournaments, battles, and men-at-arms posing.  The stairs curved downward from the sides of the balcony to the edges of the center of the gigantic room.  Around the perimeter were lounge chairs and sofas for the comfort of guests, some were occupied, most were not.  Things were just getting wound up and the participants were not yet weary of wine and laughter.
~
The Austrian was a tall, fitly built, though somewhat aging man.  There was no excess weight about his frame.  His face was strong, sharp, and solid.  He stood with his back to the revelry, his shoulders slightly slumped, as he spoke with the gentleman, Waldo, and his wife, Eleanor.
To speak the truth, I am weary.  He said in thickly accented English and sighed.  I have traveled too much, rested too little, worked too hard, slept too little, made too much revenue, and lived too little life.  Yes, I am tired.  Again he sighed.
Waldo chuckled and replied, The weariness, travel, work, and rest part I am kin to.  Yet, I think not that I may claim the apprehending of too much wealth.  They all three laughed at this comment.
I find your jest humorous though I did not say wealth, I said revenue.  They are two different subjects in speech and in existence.  Even in our language.
Indeed, yet pray enlighten us as to the distinction.  Said the lady at Waldo's elbow.  
Baron Godfrey von Dornbirn turned his keen, gray eyes to the silversmith's stunning wife.  He seemed to be assessing her intelligence and character with his hard gaze.  She began to blush, as if maybe she said the wrong thing, or maybe shouldn't have spoken at all.  This seemed to satisfy the Baron, and he smiled a rather lively smile.
I believe I shall.  Shall we find a more suitable place to continue this interesting conversation?  I loathe speaking philosophy in the midst of a noisy crowd.  They walked to the stairs and ascended to a more remote place in the great room and sat.  He laughed to himself.  I never thought that I would be speaking philosophy at a feast, of all places.  He turned in his chair to face Eleanor better.  Yes, I shall show you the distinction.
They talked on for some time of things each other had experienced, lessons learned from them, and the ways of the world.  Through several more drinks, cakes, and fruits the night wore on.  Suddenly, they found it to be very late indeed.  The baron stood, and they did also.  
I am afraid that I have bent your ear far too much, it is late.  He said as he straitened out his clothes.
No sir, I find everything which we have spoken of very pleasant and refreshing.
Well, that is a rare choice of words, yet I have used them myself on such occasions.  I believe we see eye-to-eye young man.
I hardly feel young anymore, but to a sage as yourself I must appear infantile.  At this the baron burst out laughing.  They all laughed.
I have been insulted and exalted in the same sentence.  How invigorating!  I think I am feeling quite younger at that.  I may even yet go to arms and duel this large infant before me.  They laughed again.  Eleanor took hold of her husband's arm.
Dearest, it is getting late, we must let the baron retire and do likewise.  She said quietly.  
I am afraid she is right, as usual.  Waldo grinned at Godfrey and extended his hand.  It has been an unforgettable evening kind Sir.  I am thankful to have made your acquaintance.
The baron took his hand and shook it firmly.  In a more serious tone said.  Make that my friendship, and I pray that I have acquired the same from you.  This night has done my soul more good than a whole decade of sailing upon the Atlantic.  Then added in a renewed light manner, as if physicians really know all they say they know.  I am indeed, as you said, refreshed.
Yes, our friendship.  The silversmith's dazzling wife spoke swiftly.
I agree baron, thank you.  Waldo said.  It is my privilege to call you friend.
~
The night was very cold, bitterly cold, unusual even for this time of year.  They went out and each clambered into their separate carriages which awaited, having been asked to come for the guests.  As the wheels clattered and rolled through the streets toward home Eleanor laid her head against her husband's shoulder.  She thought about their mission of securing a contract in wares, and also about the fact that it was never even brought up.
Sweetest?
Yes, Love?  He put his head on hers.
We were made far richer than we ever expected tonight.  We have gained an uncommon friend.
Yes, Love.
The carriage rolled and clattered noisily on into the night.
~
The day closed with such unseen significance within its short twenty-four hour period that the effects were not to be realized for quite some time thereafter, yet was very important to our tale.  It indeed had been a day where our story turns, as well as history itself.


Chapter V

France lay under a cold, cruel and rare blanket of drifting snow.  The sun was dawning upon a piercingly windy day.  The event of the previous night left Isabelle, as well as her dear, poor husband and the midwife, totally exhausted, yet exultant all at once.  The screaming little baby girl broke the strain of Isabelle's labor and brought a weary smile to all that were in the room, everything was going to be okay, they had both survived.  Jacquot d'Arc came in from placing more wood in the fire and walked to his wife's bedside.  Isabelle said in a hoarse, quiet voice that it was another girl, he nodded and looked on.  She was beginning to nurse the little one, whose cries were overcome by the preoccupation of her first meal in this new world.  Jacquot bent and brushed back the sweaty, matted hair on his wife's forehead and kissed her coolly.  She smiled up at him and reached for his callused and worn hand.  Upon grasping it she held it then crushed it weakly.  Jacquot knelt down and put a large finger slowly to the baby's red face.  So soft.  He whispered.  She is a precious child.  He was suddenly overtaken with the awe of fatherhood again with this, their third girl child.  What a miracle my mon'ame, what a blessed miracle that I may have her and you both.  
What shall we name her my amour? Isabelle said.
I know not, I will let you name the bundle, you should know a proper girl's name better than I.
I think we shall name her Joan.  The new mother sighed and cuddled the baby's small head in her hand.  
Jacquot agreed.  Joan is fine, it is what she shall be called, Joan d'Arc of Demremy.
~
The snow was beginning to drift against the house and swirl about in miniature whirlwinds across the fields when Jacquot shut the door.  He pulled his thin coat tighter about his frame and up against his chin.  It was cold.  It was too cold to be out here, but he must go to his daily tasks.  He crossed to the low-roofed outbuilding and withdrew a double-bit ax.  He reached into his pocket and took out a pair of gloves, put them on, slung the ax over his shoulder and started on his way.  His master would not go without wood this day.
~
France lay under an even colder and crueler blanket than of snow that day.  It was a blanket of poverty and despair.  Their kingdom was divided and their king, Charles VI was a mad invalid that could not govern nor repel those that came to entice away his kingdom.  There were two thoughts in the minds of the kingdom that were forming into philosophies.  These philosophies were forming into groups, and these groups were forming into political sides.  The Armagnacs and the Burgundians.  Both out to eradicate the other's ideals and figureheads.  Both willing to kill, to assassinate, if necessary.  Both power-hungry, both greedy, both ruthless, and both felt justified in their cause.
The masses barely had food or clothing enough to keep them alive.  It was a time of consideration for the many searching questions of life, whether to live or to die by will.  There were those who were hoping beyond and against hope, while others despaired upon despair.  It was a cold time in the heart of the French, much colder than the fierce winter winds that blew against their strained, worn, and thin backs.
The people were beginning to be swayed by anyone that sounded confident and convincing in their cause and spouted hope for a better way of life for those who would only follow them.  Their loyalty to the crown was strained to the breaking point when placed in contrast to their loyalty of surviving this time without dying of hunger, cold, or countrymen.  There were lords, dukes, barons, and roving nobles all striving for the mastery of the countryside.  Theft was rampant, raids were often, and assassinations were frequent.
Chaos was the undisputed ruler of France.  None questioned his reign, yea they reveled in its regal and sinister overshadowing.  It was this king's, indeed head of imperialistic proportions, power which gave them theirs.  This king, Chaos, was welcomed and served and propelled to even greater power and influence, all at the cost of the commoner, the peasant, the farmer, and the beggar.  
King Chaos heads of state were Struggle and Treachery.  Together they set about upon the nation with a will to overcome.  Struggle as always made things difficult.  He was the cause for failure and the instigator of loss, his administration brought all common people together on the field of equality to chant for a better life.  Treachery remained not outdone, but industrious.  His tenure was done in the shadows and background of the court.  Many suspicious eyes were slanted this way and that because of his influence.  His words were whispers and gestures.  His pen was death and his seal was sardonic, evil mirth.  The trickling and running of blood would spell out his name in the dust and stones of trail and street, Treachery.  Treachery, everywhere was Treachery. 
King Chaos treasurer was none other than Greed.  Greed brought many low, enticed many weak, and slew many strong.  Greed was always consulted by Treachery before he made a move.  Greed's answer was always the same and was always greeted with the same sadistic pleasure of Treachery, If there is profit to be had, what better man for it to fall to than thee.  His pseudo wisdom always consulted and always heeded did not let him escape guiltless from the cry of blood soaking the earth as it demanded vengeance at the hand of its Maker.
So, a kingdom within a kingdom, divided against itself manifold.  Thus, a kingdom divided against itself cannot stand; this would hasten the prophet's words to reality by even more division yet to come.
Such, was the season and time of France's existence in the year 1412, the year that our story now lives, the year, Joan of Arc was born, the year when the history of France and England began to change.
~

Tighter, you must hold tighter!  The knight bellowed at Adrian as his horse thundered by where the knight stood.  Adrian had been unhorsed again when he struck the quintain.  The target was round and wooden and there was a circle painted in the middle of it.  It hung on a pole from a mechanism that allowed it to swing.  It had a large bag of sand opposite so that when a rider struck it with his lance it would swing around.  If he were unskilled it would catch him in the back or the head with a heavy blow to simulate being struck.  Sir Gilbert of Devon walked over and helped him up.  Adrian, lad, you do fine with your aim, but you must cling to that beast like a mad man.
Sir Gilbert of Devon was a knight in the king's service that trained young squires, like Adrian, in the finer points of battle and warfare on the back of a horse.  His pupils were usually nobles' sons, or those of the richer, who could pay the fare to the kingdom.  Sir Gilbert had only his right hand to use.  His left had been severed off just above the wrist during the war with the Scottish under King Richard III.  He was not capable of fighting much anymore, thus he was employed in the tasks of training.  He seemed to enjoy it, if there were any bitterness in him about his arm it did not show, at least not to Adrian.
Adrians wind was knocked out of him and could not reply for some few seconds.  Yes, Sir.  He finally managed to gasp out.  Adrian stood and looked at the horse down the list.  Sir Gilbert, do you think that I will ever make a soldier or a knight?  His back still hurt where he had struck the ground.
But, of course you will.  You just need to hang on with your knees to the back of that horse.  Sir Gilbert clenched his teeth and grimaced his face to emphasize his point.  When you are in battle Adrian, it only takes one mistake and you are finished.  Sometimes it doesn't even take one.  The worst mistake you want to make is losing your horse, or rather your horse losing you.  If you fall from your horse in battle, with full armor on, you will not be able to get back up without help.  That is why it is so important to remain firm like a planted oak.  Sir Gilbert put his arm on Adrian's shoulder and turned him.  He looked into his sweaty face and saw a strong lad, quick, and intelligent.  Adrian. . . I don't want you to worry about being a soldier, you may already be that in heart, but I know that you will make a fine knight for your king.
Adrian put his head down.  He was embarrassed, but pleased.  
Now one more time, go get your mount!  Sir Gilbert shouted out in a cheerful voice.  And remember, like the devil, hold to that beast.
Adrian did as he was told and jogged down the list to his horse.  The horse watched him come and trotted a few feet toward him and then waited.  Adrian went to him, grabbed the horses mane and hauled himself up without the stirrup.  He gently kicked the horse with his heels and rode over to get another lance out of the rack.  He then trotted to other end of the list and got ready to charge at Sir Gilbert's signal.  He fixed his lance in its rest, leaned forward, toed his feet in, pressed as hard as he could on the sides of the horse with his knees and waited.  Gilbert's hand went up, held, and then flew down.  Adrian charged, spurring his horse on, lifted his lance out of the rest, up, up, there, raise a little more, hold.  The dust flew from beneath the hooves of the horse, its tail up and streaming behind him. Down, there.  Relax, steady, hold.  Adrian clenched his teeth and held on with all he was worth.  I must do it this time!  The circle on the target bobbed up and down with the pounding of the horse's hooves.  Ten paces . . . eight . . . five.  
There was a loud cracking as the lance slammed into the middle of the circle, followed by an audible thud as the sandbag swung and barely missed hitting Adrian in the back of the head.  Gilbert held his breath as Adrian was thrown forward, slid to the left, and then finally straitened.  As soon as he had regained control Adrian turned the horse and whooped loudly as he raised both hands into the air, the wooden lance with its broken tip high above his head.  He trotted over to the knight.  Gilbert grinned widely and slapped Adrian on the leg as he came up.  Now fine little knight, do it again!  Adrian galloped down to the end and waited.  The signal came, spurs were applied, and the horse sprang forward with zeal.  The target cracked again and again the bag was swung around striking Adrian a hard blow.  He went again and again, until Gilbert called him over after his fifth successful run.  The horse was blowing hard and dripping foam out of its mouth and lather off its legs.  Adrian's face was flushed red and he too was breathing hard.  
I did it sir, thanks to your encouragement!  What do you think?  Adrian said between huffing breaths.
Fine lad, I knew you could, just remember to hang on.  You did well.  Let's go clean up.  Adrian slid from the saddle and flipped the reins over the horses head.  They walked to the stables where he took the saddle from the horse and scrubbed him down.  Another thing.  Gilbert said after some time of watching.  You must always take care of your horse, even when you are tired, even if you have to do it yourself.  Dont wait for a page to show up.  Your horse may be the only thing that will save you at times, he comes first.  Your skill will dull with weariness, your strength will fade with hunger, and your horse will still do its job.  Come, let us go, that is good for now.
Adrian gave the halter to a stable boy that was standing by.  He nodded at the lad which was about his age.  The lad nodded and spoke quietly, I envy ye sir, I wish that I could ride him here or into battle.
Adrian turned and ran to catch up with Sir Gilbert.  They crossed the moat, the courtyard and then went into the castle to change and prepare for dinner.  As they walked down the halls Adrian looked around him at the tapestries and armor hanging along the walls.  It was a grand site.  The entrance way was lit by hanging chandeliers with glowing candles.  The halls had high ceilings which made their steps echo with an important air.  Adrian looked at the swords as he passed.  He longed to take some of the swords off their racks and try them out for balance and feel, but he did not ask.  
This was his first time in the castle, he had been invited to dine with all of the other men-at-arms that were training under Sir Gilbert, and he was rather nervous.  He walked beside Sir Gilbert until they came to the waiting chamber with an even higher vaulted ceiling.  It was quite bright as there were more candles burning, even torches next to the entrances to doors and passageways.  
Wait here lad, I will send someone in to help you with your clothes and get you some shoes that you may get out of those clanking riding boots.  Dinner will be served within the hour.  Sir Gilbert turned and was gone down one of the passages.  Adrian waited on the hard bench.  The minutes dragged by and still no one came.  He stood and looked about him.  There were even more tapestries and weapons of war hanging about here.  A battle-axe, a huge brutal weapon that Adrian couldn't imagine actual being used by an ordinary man, was crossed against a round shield.  There was a two-handed sword, which was scarred and nicked in several places from ancient battles fought.  Several polished shields, some worn, some that looked unused.  He stood looking at a tapestry of the legendary Sir Frederick fighting with a dragon while there waited a lady in the background for her imminent rescue.  He noticed the sword in Sir Frederick's hands.  It looked like the sword hanging from the wall.  Adrian went over to the sword, he stretched himself up, but it was just above his reach.  He looked about for something to stand on.  He spied a short pedestal that held a plant on top.  He went over and removed the plant from the stool and carried it over beneath the sword.  He was just climbing up on it when a voice sounded behind him.
Milord, what are you doing?  It was the servant sent to help him.
Adrian, started, lost his balance, and fell flat on his backside with a crash.  Another voice laughed heartily, it was Sir Gilbert.  Adrian could feel his face and neck slowly turning red from embarrassment.  He remained where he lay.  He was hurting anyhow, so he did not move.  He finally turned his head to look in Sir Gilbert's direction.  He was looking at him with his head tilted to one side and a grin on his face.  Adrian quickly rolled his head back and looked away.  Come now, my lad, don't be hurt by my laughter, it was all in fun.  Besides, I could get upset about you climbing around the place on little stools, shall I?  Sir Gilbert said as he walked over to help him up for the fourth time that day.  I seem to be making a habit of stooping on your behalf, you would think that you were the king or the prince the way you keep me bowed down to you all day.  Come now get up and we will get you into a nice set of clothes.  I will take you myself, the servant can see to the stool and plant.  Sir Gilbert nodded to the servant, who immediately went over to the stool and replaced it and the plant.
Adrian rolled away and got up without Sir Gilbert's help.  I am sorry, Sir Gilbert.  I was just waiting . . . and. . . .  Gilbert cut him off.
In the king's name, don't worry, it was a good laugh that you gave me and the stool won't suffer any.  Still, I am curious about what you were doing.  What were you doing?  Sir Gilbert was a man who was mostly serious, though at times he could find humor in things.
Adrian looked sheepishly at Gilbert and then motioned up to the sword on the wall.  
That?  Gilbert pointed at it and lifted an eyebrow.
Yes.
What in the name of Cantebury did you want to go and look at that sword for?  It is just an old sword that has been hanging up there for a long time.  I don't even know where it came from.  Gilbert was really in a hurry now, there was a tone of contempt in his voice that Adrian had never heard before.  If you want to see swords we have a lot of them in the armory, I can show you later.  He said gruffly.
Adrian shrugged his shoulders.  Not a big deal I just noticed that it looked like the same sword that was in the tapestry of Sir Frederick over here.  Adrian pointed now at the tapestry.  Gilbert looked at it and the sword for a minute or two.
So it does, interesting, but not to us.  Come let us go or you will miss the dinner that has been prepared for you.  Gilbert turned and walked away.  Adrian followed him down a long hallway.  As they went he thought that he caught the scent of food cooking somewhere.  His stomach growled loudly as if it also noticed and was trying to see if its owner was going to acknowledge it too. 
~
The dinner was excellent, the best that Adrian could remember having outside of his mother's own special meals that she prepared for the holidays.  There were a large number of young boys around the tables.  Some were younger than he, but most were older than Adrian.  As another course was brought and empty platters were taken from them a boy next to him leaned over extending his hand.  Raleigh's the name, you in training under the knight also?  He was a strong looking lad with a pleasant smile.  He had jet black hair above a sharp-featured face that held gray eyes that seemed to dance.  Adrian immediately began to like him.  Adrian quickly wiped the grease off of his hands and grasped his hand.  Pleased to meet you Raleigh, the name is Adrian.  Yes, I am training with Sir Gilbert.  I love it!
I also!  Say, did you hear about the mle that we are supposed to have in two months?  Sir Gilbert is going to take us out to the fields and set up a battlefield.  We will divide into two sides and go at it!  Sound like fun or what?  Raleigh said enthusiastically.
Yes, but what if someone gets hurt, or . . . killed?  Adrian asked unsure of whether it would be as much fun as he said it would be.
Raleigh laughed and slapped Adrian on the back.  I take it that you have never done this before.
No.  I haven't
Look it is a mock battle.  We use wooden swords and blunt lances.  People get hurt, but not killed.  It is like a tournament, for practice and fun, but not for keeps.
I see.  Well, that makes it much better.  Now I say okay.
They both laughed.  New platters were set down and hands began to reach for the meat and bread from both sides of the table.  Two boys across and a little ways down from Adrian seemed to have spied and desired the same chunk of meat, and also reached for it at the same time.  An argument broke out between them.  At first no one said anything, but all eating stopped and the other boys just watched the disagreement.  The voices grew louder and more adamant in their claims upon the piece of meat.  Finally, it looked like a fight would break out.  Some of the others were getting worried.  Raleigh stood, grabbed his dagger, and shouted, STOP!  They did, at once.  The two that fought just sat there still grasping their portion of the coveted meat.  They were young, probably the youngest of the group.  As they looked at Raleigh with his dagger menacingly creeping closer to their hands fear leapt into their eyes.  Adrian almost laughed, they really thought Raleigh would do them harm.  Of course he was just playing with them, he thought.  He glanced at Raleighs face with a smile on his own.  His smile disappeared.  Raleigh did look frightening, his face had somehow transformed into a terrible sight to behold.  His eyes burned, and his lip seemed to be curled upward at one side revealing a portion of teeth.  It made him look almost like a mad dog about to attack.  
Do not let go, understand!  Raleigh spoke in an authoritative voice.  The boys nodded their heads.  He edged the dagger closer to them.  One boy began to loosen his grip on his side of the meat.  Hold!  I said do not let go!  The boy tightened his grip quickly as if his hand's welfare depended on it.  The boys' fingers, not quite touching, had left a little space between them on the top of the meat.  Raleigh stopped edging his dagger toward them from about eight inches away.  Suddenly, he snapped his arm down, the dagger moved like lightening and struck in this gap.  The boys both screamed, dropped their meat, and grasped their hands.  Raleigh fell back into his chair laughing as he held the dagger.  Everyone looked at him with bewildered eyes.  Adrian wondered himself at this cruelty.  Surely he knew that he would receiving a lashing for this or probably worse.  The two boys, realizing that no pain accompanied their fright, withdrew their hands from their chest and arm pit to examine them.  There was not a scratch on them.  They looked up again at Raleigh and then to the table where the meat lay, sliced clean in two.  The rest of the group followed their gaze, saw the meat, and then there seemed to be a general sigh of relief sweep through those at the table.
Now, Raleigh said, with his authoritative voice back in place.  Each one of you take the piece of meat that you held and give it to the other.  They slowly complied.  There.  Now listen to what I have to say.  Their eyes seemed locked onto Raleigh and listen they did.  When you are fighting against an enemy, if he ever finds out what you want more than anything, you are finished . . . unless.  Unless, you learn to give up what you want and let go.  If you don't, your enemy will use it against you and destroy you.  Don't forget that, ever!  Raleigh emphasized this last statement by slamming down the point of his dagger into the table.  Everyone around him jumped.  It remained quiet for a minute, and then Raleigh extended his hand across the table to the youngest looking of the two.  He took it slowly, they shook and then the other.  Raleigh leaned back in his chair and without a word resumed eating.  A brief pause, then a loud shout sounded from around the table and cheering and clapping commenced.  Adrian joined in until Raleigh roughly grabbed his thigh under the table.  He looked at him.  His face said to him, No, don't.  Adrian stopped.  He looked around the room in time to see Sir Gilbert and another man dressed in regal-looking garments watching them both.  Adrian froze.  Sir Gilbert nodded slowly to him and smiled slightly, the other man only stared, looking straight through Adrian.  He shivered inside.  The man finally smiled, touched the arm of Sir Gilbert and they both turned and stepped under an archway and walked out of the room.  Meanwhile, the cheering has subsided and eating had resumed.  Adrian glanced at Raleigh to see if he had noticed the man and Sir Gilbert.  He only shrugged his shoulders and raised an eyebrow, and he thought he caught a glimmer of a smile in his eyes.
~
Adrian stayed that night at the castle barracks with the rest of the lads.  Everyone was ready for a good sleep after the meal that they had eaten.  Adrian had spied a few boys stuffing themselves full of the kings meat like this was the last meal they would ever had the pleasure of eating.  He spied the same boys later, outside giving their meal to the ever-present dogs in the most unpleasant manner.  He noticed that they did have an uncomfortable look about them directly after the dinner was served.  As they were being shown to their quarters Raleigh fell into step with Adrian.  He smiled his swashbuckling smile and cuffed Adrian roughly on the back.  Not a bad meal all in all, eh?
No, not at all.  It was very good, but I dare say that my mother could do better.
Well, maybe she should be the royal cook then.  Mind you don't say that too loud, they may just pull her in here and make her sweat and labor to feed a bunch of scarecrow boys like us all the time.
Adrian stopped and looked at Raleigh.  You don't look like any scarecrow that I have ever seen.
Neither do you, so don't be judging my size or weight.  Raleigh laughed.
Adrian, just thinking of something, changed the subject.  Say, who was that man with Sir Gilbert?
Which one?  The one that we saw during the meal?
Yes, right after the incident with the two boys and the piece of meat.
Do me a favor would you, forget about the piece of meat.
Why?  I thought it was very good on your part.  That took some quick thinking as well as a little bit of wisdom.  I would think that you should be proud of yourself, I was.
Look, Raleigh stopped and took him by the arm.  As far as the quick thinking goes I had to learn to be quick to survive.  As far as the wisdom goes I learned that by cuts and bruises and almost losing my life on several occasions, it was too big a price to pay to be proud of it.  If anything I wish I could forget a lot of things.  Besides, I have seen too many lose their heads over pride and sometimes their lives.  I personally like both my head and my life to remain intact.
Sorry, I didn't mean to be intrusive, I didn't know all that.
No, it is not your fault.  I  am sorry.  Let's just say that I am glad to just be able to live, breath, and sink my teeth into a good piece of red meat every now and again.  He tugged on Adrian's arm.  Come on we are getting left behind.
They trotted to catch up with the rest of the group.  Raleigh, you didn't tell me who that other man was.  Adrian said as they resumed a pace of walking.
Oh, indeed.  That, my friend, was the crown prince, Harry of Monmouth.  No doubt he will be the king in our lifetime.
Adrian's pace halted, stuttered, and then resumed.  
What is the matter Adrian?
Nothing, except the fact that he gave me the most uneasy feeling when he looked at me, like he was sizing me up.
He probably was sizing you up for what kind of man you would be.  They say that he is a very serious person at times, won't take a bride now, though he is of age to marry, and has a problem with strong drink.  Oh, and gambling!
The two boys had not been paying attention to those around them, but were turned toward each other as they walked and talked.  Suddenly, they ran into someone that was standing in the hallway.  They both looked up at once and then jumped back as they drew in their breaths sharply.  It was Prince Harry!
Is that what they say of me lads?  He looked at one and then the other.  Both took another step back instinctively.  Raleigh went right down on one knee and bowed his head.  Adrian, not knowing what else to do was quick to follow his example.  He was frightened!
Adrian felt a hand beneath his arm.  Nonsense!  Now stand up, none of that.  They did slowly.  Raleigh started to apologize, Prince Harry held up his hand for silence.  Again, I ask you.  Is that what is said of me?
That is what I hear, Sire, I wouldn't know it were actually . . . Raleigh replied but was interrupted again.
Well, it is true mostly. . . No, all of it.  He seemed to look past them as if in thought.  How would you like to be king?  he looked at Raleigh and directing the question toward him with a nonchalant forefinger.
The question totally caught Raleigh off guard.  Adrian was shocked.  He turned to Raleigh to see what he would say and do.  He just stood there with his mouth open, sweat beginning to bead on his brow.  His mouth had fallen open and stayed in a ridiculous position for a number of seconds.  Finally, he closed it, and then opened it again as if trying to say something.  This was repeated twice more while under the fiery eyes of Prince Harry.  Suddenly the prince burst out with laughter.  My feelings exactly!  I must say you do have a way of expression that puts to shame all that I could ever come up with.  The prince laughed again.  What eloquence comes from you, and without words . . . amazing!
Raleigh only replied by sweating more and closing his mouth.  Prince Harry cuffed him lightly on the shoulder.  Come lad, I know that you have more than lax jaw to serve you, I saw what you did at dinner.  Personally, I was impressed.
Raleigh seemed to regain some of his composure, enough to answer with an absurd Nothing.  It was nothing.
Oh, but I disagree.  It was wonderful.  A lesson those two will never forget, neither will the rest.  It may save their lives one day on the field.  How did it go?  'if your enemy ever finds out what you want more than anything, you are finished'.  Something like that.  I believe the rest went something like, 'unless you learn . . .'
No!  Raleigh took a hold of the prince's arm, and then quickly released it.  I beg your pardon Sire!  Forgive me, I only meant, please do not.  It was nothing!  Please do not recall it.
Prince Harry looked at Raleigh with a curious expression for a long time, so long in fact that Adrian began to get nervous.  After about a minute of Raleigh's staring at the floor and the prince's inquisitive gaze Adrian began to feel like one soul too many.  He cleared my throat, neither moved.  He cleared it again and quietly said, I think I will go now, it was an honor Prince Harry . . .  As Adrian took a step forward, without removing his eyes from Raleigh, the prince put his hand on Adrian's chest, No, stay.  I've not finished.  Without a word Adrian humbly stepped back.  My man.  The Prince's voice was both kind and firm.  Raleigh looked up.  Sire.
Lad, I have somewhat to say to you, but first you must answer my question.  How would you like to be the king.
Raleigh hesitated a brief moment then replied.  The truth Milord, is that I would not.  I would not take a crown if it were, by some miracle, given to me by my mother, which is in the grave.  I covet it not, I honor it, but would despise it were it to lay upon my head.
The prince smiled very slowly and it seemed as though moisture came into his eyes.  Adrian could not be sure and he was too frightened to look again.
What is your name?  Prince Harry asked in a solemn, measured tone.
Raleigh, Sire.
Raleigh and . . . He turned to Adrian.  What is your name lad.  
Now it was Adrian's turn to sweat, but he managed to get it out without too much difficulty.  Adrian.  
So, Raleigh and Adrian.  What I have to say I do not ever want repeated.  Do you understand?  They both nodded.  Neither do I desire to be the king.  I too would despise the crown when and if it ever rested on my head.  It is not mine; it is not ours.  Treachery cannot buy a crown, only unrest and trouble.  Of such is the ownership now guilty.  On your word!
On our word Sire.  Raleigh said.
Good.  Another thing before I let you go.  Raleigh, you must learn better than to speak things of the owner of the castle you are in.  It may or may not be overheard.  It may or may not be punished, but in all probability, if heard, will get you into a strait.  Notwithstanding, I liked what you did at dinner.  I want you to be a part of my men when war arises, do not forget and do not try to avoid me.  I will find you.  Raleigh began to stammer an unreconcilitory reply.  Prince Harry held up his hand.  I have spoken, so be it.
Sire, as you wish.
 Well, fine.  He quickly turned to Adrian.  Sir Gilbert of Devon tells me that you are one  of the best that he has trained, maybe the best.  I want you also.  Adrian was speechless.  He did not know if the prince was serious or not.  He decided that he wasn't and so did not reply.  As he questioned the honesty of the prince in his own mind he saw a blazing fire come into Prince Harry's eyes.  You do not believe me!  You think that I am flattering you, don't you?!  He began to sound as if he were on the verge of offensive anger.
Nay, Milord.  Adrian lied.
Now you are lying to me Adrian!  Prince Harry reached out and grasped his arm with such pressure that Adrian almost cried out.  One thing, remember one thing, if nothing else.  I do not lie!  Never!  What I say is the truth.  The same cannot be said of you.
Tears began to well up in Adrian's eyes.  He was not sure whether it was from the pain at his arm being clenched, the guilt and embarrassment which accompanied his reprimand, or both.  The prince noticed and let off some of his hold.  Tell me, are you speaking the truth?
I did lie Milord.  Adrian said in a quiet voice.
Why?  Why would you think that I lied; why would you lie to me?
I . . . I . . . I don't know.  I suppose I didn't think myself that good.  I kept falling off of the horse or got knocked off.  It was only today that I seemed to be able to maintain a seat on the horse.  I . . . I was frightened by what I saw in your eyes.  I am most sorry Prince Harry.
What?  What did you see in my eyes?  He regained the former grip.
Milord, I see . . . fire.  Adrian was terrified.  He thought that he would burst into tears at any moment.
Fire?
Yes, Milord.
Fire you say?  Harry let go of his arm and looked at him with that same curious stare which Raleigh had been subjected to earlier.  Adrian wanted to close his eyes and rub his arm, but did neither.  Yes, I have been told that by my men.  I do not entirely know what they mean, but they, and you, say it is there.  Sometimes I am inclined to believe them, but no matter, let us move on.  
Now, with that resolved I continue.  Sir Gilbert tells me you will make a knight some day.  For your insolence I want you and Raleigh to accompany me in my next battle.  Then you may understand all that you see and speak of concerning me.  Pray that you do not go to the bottle after you get through wetting and soiling your britches as the enemy comes charging with blood-lust in his eyes with a lance pointed toward your chest.  Wait.  Wait until you cry for your mother as an arrow shaft descends from the shroud of shafts and plunges into your body.  We will see how you judge me when you nearly bite your tongue in half from fear and pain as your arm is struck a blow from a broadsword or you are smote on the shoulder blade with a mace or an axe.
I see men in your eyes, both of you.  I want that man to come out and live, I will see to it, is it understood?  There again was that leaping fire in his eyes.
Adrian could feel a tear worm its way out of the corner of his eye and began to slide down his cheek.  He had never been spoken to in such a manner, not even by his father.  He did not feel that the prince was cruel or heartless, it was the opposite.  He somehow felt the intensity of his words as they went straight into him and cut into his heart.  He would fight with this man.  He would fight for this, his prince.  Indeed!  He would die with his next heartbeat if he saw it was what this man wanted of him.  He was sure that Raleigh was feeling the same thing.
They both answered in the affirmative.  Good lads, I will wait to hear from Sir Gilbert of your progress.  Now, if you will excuse me, I shall return to my bachelor household and take hold of my bottle.  Better yet I may go to the pub.  What say ye?
Milord, I did not mean it.  Raleigh's voice was choked with the same emotion that Adrian was feeling.  You are a good . . .
Enough, I said.  It is true; I shall go to my drink.  Pray to the Heavens for my soul tonight.  He motioned for them to part.  They did and he walked between them and down the hallway.  That night Adrian and Raleigh did not speak to each other and both prayed to the Heavens for the soul of this their new Prince Harry.



Chapter VI

Baron Godfrey von Dornbirn stood at the dock with arms crossed looking out over the sea.  Sailors were scurrying about the ship preparing it for disembarking.  The little skiffs were bumping into the wharves with a slow methodical thumping as the waves rolled in and then out again.  There was the constant crying of the gulls overhead and underfoot as they fought over any morsels that lay about or were dropped.  The men hollered back and forth to each other as they directed bales, chests, and various other supplies here and there.
The voyage home would start today and Godfrey hoped it would be speedy and uneventful.  He desperately wanted to return home to his lovely wife, Genevieve, and hold her in his arms.  He also began to entertain the urge to go boar hunting, something which he had not done in quite some time. Ah!  It would be nice to get back to normal life.  He took a deep breath and sniffed in the salty ocean air.  He felt much better, maybe the trip had been worthwhile after all.  He had desperately wanted to stay home on the estate, but his health demanded that he journey to the sea for a short season.  He scoffed to himself, I would have been alright!  But the wife demanded that I go, listen to the doctors she had said.  Oh well, he was bound for home now.
Three sailors were straining to load a small wooden crate over the side of the ship, after a solid concerted heave-ho, they finally managed.  The baron grinned, hopefully this trip would be profitable in more ways than one.  He had done some trading around the coast-line and here in London.  In his trading he had hoped to come away with a gift to take home with him for his wife, this he managed.  He had found one in Portsmouth.  It was a beautiful mirror bordered in gold, ornately designed.  Genevieve would love it.
He sighed as he thought of their parting conversation.  They had not parted on good terms, there was something that felt like a weight in his stomach concerning the matter, but he ignored it.  It was only silly thoughts, he mused, nothing to fret over.  The baron was sure that by the time he returned everything would be resolved between them.  The dazzling mirror would serve to make amends.  He would enfold her in his powerful arms, and confess his despondency at having to be away from her for so long.  She would sigh and say that she too had missed him terribly.  It would all work out.
He unfolded his arms and clapped his hands together.  The nearest sailor turned and hurried over to him.  
Aye, Milord.  He said with a quick nod.
Lemmy, how long till you are ready to shove off?  The baron asked.
One hour, sir.  
Good.  Can they do without you for that long?  The baron asked.
How's that sir?  Lemmy made a face as if he did not understand.
I say, I have a message for you to deliver, it will take one hour.  Can they do without you for that long?  I want you to deliver it.  The baron said flatly and slowly.
They can and they shall.  What is the message?  Lemmy replied rather excitedly he was glad to be quit of the tough work of loading things in the vessel.
The baron motioned for him to follow him to one of the boat houses.  They walked in and asked the man there for a paper and quill surprisingly enough these were produced, and the baron began to write.

This is an order for two complete sets of wares from your hand.  If your work is fine and satisfactory, as I believe it will be, we shall do more business.  I will pay you what they are worth after I see them.  Have them sent to me at Dornbirn.  The Godfrey estate.  I hope our friendship and trading will both fare well.  Tell your kind and beautiful wife of my admiration for her and her husband.
~Baron Godfrey von Dornbirn

The baron handed the note to Lemmy and told him how to find the silversmith's shop.  Lemmy started off and the baron turned back toward the busy docks.
~

Adrian awoke to find the rest of the boys in the room asleep.  He looked over at Raleigh.  He too was sleeping.  Adrian quietly got up and began to dress.  It was cold, as the fire had gone out during the night.  As Adrian finished dressing he saw Raleigh crawling out his blankets.  
I presume you would like a hand with that fire.  Raleigh said as he also dressed.
Sure thing.  I didn't wake you did I?  It is still pretty early and I was trying to be quiet.  Adrian slipped on his shoes.
No, you didn't wake me.  At least not by loud sounds, I have learned to wake at anything.  It is the best way to stay alive when there are ruffians about trying to steal from you and cut your throat.
Adrian gave him an odd look then walked over to the fireplace.  There were a few coals that were still glowing slightly.  He stirred the ashes with a stick and pushed the coals together in the middle.  Raleigh stepped up and handed him some small bits of wood and old cloth.  Adrian carefully put them on the coals and waited.  They suddenly caught fire and Raleigh handed more to Adrian.  He put these on the flames.  Within a minute or so, he added a log or two and they had a sufficient blaze to feed their cold bodies with warmth.
Adrian looked up at Raleigh quickly.  Raleigh looked back at him, neither spoke for a few seconds. 
I know what you want Adrian.  Raleigh smiled.
You do?  Adrian was surprised.
Of course.  You want to know what I meant by 'ruffians trying to cut my throat.'  I let that one slip out.
You are right, I hope that is not too personal for you to give me an explanation.
Raleigh laughed.  What do I look like, a girl?  It is not 'personal', I just don't make a habit of talking about myself is all; another lesson I learned on the streets.  He shook his head as he thought of Adrian's refinement and raising.  Personal, what a laugh!
Sorry.  I didn't mean to insult you.  What do you mean the streets?
I basically grew up on the lanes and streets.  My father was killed in battle and my mother died two years later.  So, my sister and I were left on our own.  I couldn't take it anymore after a year or two.  I couldn't stand trying to raise her and myself.  I didn't know what I was doing and it frustrated me.  I knew my mother had relatives in France, but I didn't have any means of finding them.  Even if I did we didn't have any money or any way to get over there.  So I left her and took to the streets.
Adrian looked surprised and incredulous at Raleigh.  You left her alone?
Well, not really.  He put his head down.  Adrian could tell that he was not proud of what he did.  I lied to her and told her that I would be gone for a few days and to wait for me to get back.  We were living in an abandoned storehouse in Winchester of Hampshire.  I went away and left her.  One of the first things that I did was to go to someone about getting her help.  I told them I would pay them if they would find her a place to live, they agreed.  I stole from a few storekeepers and sold what I had.  When I had enough money I went and paid the man.  I made sure that she had been taken care of.  She had, so I took to the streets.
It was not too long before I found myself here in London.  I encountered real thugs then.  I was almost killed on several occasions.  I was robbed often, until I began to get wise.  
One day as I watched the streets I saw a man whom only had one hand.  He looked like the type to have a few valuable coins on his person to me.  He was wearing nice clothes and looked like a nobleman or rich, it made no difference to me.  I knew that I could get him because he had only one hand, his right one.  I shadowed him for a way until I found a good spot to jump him.  He stopped and stood there at the corner.  I didn't know why he was standing there, but I took it as a good opportunity and quietly walked up behind him.  
Just as I was about to give him a good crack about the head he spoke up in a clear voice.  It startled me. 'How much do you need lad?' He said.  I stopped in my tracks and quickly put my hand down, which held the short stick in it.  'I said.'  He turned to look at me.  'How much do you need?  If you were to hit me with that stick and take all I have your life would be short lived.  Besides you wouldn't know what to do with all the silver coins I have.'  I was stunned.  I managed to stammer out a disclaimer.  He just laughed.  'You think me a fool!  I saw you watching me.  I have followed your movements since you started following me.'  I asked him how he had done that.  He laughed again.  'That, I can't tell you.  It is a little secret of mine.  I say again, how much do you need?'  I was insulted.  I told him that I would not take money from him.  Again that clear, intelligent laughter.  'At least not while I am conscious.  You have nerve!  Every one else with you was scared of me.  What made you go after me?'  I said it was his hand, or the lack of it.  'Ah! Just as I thought.  You think me incapable with this one hand?'  He lifted up his only hand.  Not knowing what else to do, I nodded.
As soon as I had I knew it was the wrong thing to do.  I saw fury come into his eyes, his face never changed, but his eyes bore into mine.  I knew fear again for the first time in years.  Suddenly, his handless-arm shot out and struck my shoulder.  It turned me toward him then he took the same arm and swung it upward taking my arm that held the stick with it.  With his other hand he, as fast as lightening, grasped the stick, twisted, jerked and took it from me.  With the same movement his leg came hard against my thigh.  I winced and put my hand down to it.  His handless, left arm again battered me, this time in the head.  Then he shoved me in the back and spun me around.  I started to bolt, but found that he had taken the stick in his right hand and put it about my neck.  It was locked on the other side in the fold of his forearm.  I was effectively, battered, pounded, and at his mercy.  My pride was hurt.  I couldn't believe it!  A voice cracked in my ear now.
'You still think me helpless boy?'  This time I answered in the negative.  'I could eat you as I would a partridge any day and twice on the Sabbath.'  Then he turn me loose, dropped the stick to the ground, and turned me around.  I just looked at him.  He looked back at me.  My gaze dropped to the stick lying there, a silent testimony of my stupid mistake.  I looked back up.  'I made a mistake.'  I said.  'That you did lad.'  He replied.  The fury in his eyes began to fade and give way to a curious light.  His face began to take on a curious expression also.  'Lad, what is your name?'  I hesitated, and then told him.  'Where are you from?'  I said I was from nowhere.  'Let me try this, where were you born?'  I told him I was born in Winchester.  He grabbed me by the arm and peered at my face.  'Tell me your father's name!'  I shrunk away from him.  He repeated his demand.  'Tell your father's name, now!'  I had almost forgotten it, but then found myself saying, 'Murray'.  'Murray of Suffolk, was he a soldier, an officer?'  I said that he was, but was killed . . . 'yes, he was killed in battle with the Scottish during the Percy Rebellion.  Indeed!  Your mother, where is she?'  Dead.  I replied.
His arm let loose of mine and he looked at me with vacant eyes.  Suddenly I knew.  I knew that this man knew my father and mother.  He probably had known me when I was young.  I asked him. He just nodded his head, but didn't say anything.
~
About that time the sun began to creep over the eastern horizon and cast oblique tendrils of light through the window.  The other boys started stirring about.  Some were coming over to the fire.  Others began to roll up their bedding, while some stepped outside to the basin and splashed chilly water on their faces.  Adrian motioned to one of the boys around the fire to hand him a chunk of wood.  The boy complied.  It was one of the younger boys that had fought over the piece of meat the night before.  Raleigh clapped him on the back and asked him how he was faring.  The young boy mumbled something and extended his hands toward the fire.
Raleigh, I would like to hear the rest of your story sometime.  Adrian said.
Sure, Adrian maybe later.
~
Several weeks later the blue-grey haze of morning was making its way through the hanging curtains of the orphanage to awake its sleeping occupants.  The door creaked open in the large room which accommodated a dozen or so young girls.  The door continued to open until it was standing fully extended on its hinges.  Just as every other morning there was a stately woman standing framed within in its vacancy.  Lady Shelton patiently observed the stirring of blankets, the sleepy rolling of sleepy heads, which blinked sleepy eyes.  She waited further until two or three girls made their way out of bed and stumbled precariously to the wall where garments hung.  Three girls presented themselves to the lady; with hair disheveled, garments wrinkled, yet serviceable.  Lady Shelton turned without a word and was followed by the three figures out of the room to join several others who methodically ventured their way first to the wash basins, then on to the kitchen.
Such it was every morning at the orphanage.  It was understood and was custom among the occupants that whomever braved the morning at such an hour and helped to prepare, serve, and clean up breakfast was not required to clean the orphanage as the other girls would have to do.  It worked very well indeed.  It insured that someone was always up to help with breakfast, as well as help Lady Shelton to read among the many faces those that were given to a greater industry and self-motivation.
Victoria Marie stumbled alongside of another girl then waited in line to wash her face and hands in the basin.  So it had been every morning since her first day here.  She liked the mornings, and disliked cleaning up the place after the other girls.  They seemed not to care about the mess they made, so she let them clean up after themselves.  This inevitably happened, due to the fact that the same laziness which caused them to be poor at maintaining diligence for their own mess caused them to sleep till the last precious minutes of the available time before being called for breakfast.
Victoria didn't mind cooking and serving them, but more than that she was glad that she had most of the remainder of the day free.  This she employed by the occupation of a beggar.  She would save her money that she attained begging and purchase personal items as well as nicer and better fitting clothes, than were handed down or donated to the orphanage.  Many times, when she first arrived, she had been forced to wear dresses, which were much too large for her.  The sleeves hung past her hands another half of length of her own arm.  Or, the hem drug on the ground, causing her to trip and would have to be trimmed.  Then there were the dresses that were so small on her that she was embarrassed to wear them even in front of the other girls.  It was both frustrating and upsetting to her, and thus she determined to find better-suited clothing.  
Such was the determination that was ingrained in the lovely Victoria Marie.  One would think that with traits as these displayed she would have a sweet disposition also, but such was not the case.  Victoria was plagued by an atrocious temper, which caused her much trouble.  More often than not her ideas and thoughts were kept to herself for fear of ridicule or jealousy from the other girls.  This caused many misunderstandings and a great deal of miscommunication, as well as total lack of communication between her, her peers, and the Lady Shelton.  The Lady Shelton patiently endured for a season, until she saw it was not a difficulty in adjustment to the new and unfamiliar surroundings of the orphanage, but a severe problem in the character of this dear and beautiful child.  This she attempted to curb, stem, and correct, and met with relative success.  Her kind words, gentle hand, and loving heart soon won over the respect, obedience, and love of Victoria Marie.  That had been seven years previous to this morning in which they made their way into the kitchen to begin to cook for all of the waking, hungry orphans.
~
Victoria and Linda were cutting the potatoes into small chunks next to a large cast iron skillet set on the wood stove.  The chunks they placed in the pot at their feet, while another girl, Meme, cooked them as quickly as she could in the skillet.  The young, slight girl would fry the potatoes, stirring them rapidly, and then would, with the aid of a thick towel and the utmost effort, haul the skillet a short distance to a waiting platter, then back again to the fireplace.  As Meme reached into the pot for more raw potato chunks, she looked up at Victoria and a curious grin came across her face.  Victoria, being accustomed to the petty poking of fun of all the girls, prepared to hear another insulting remark, but instead Meme just stared at her.  Victoria stared back.  Meme began to snicker and make faces at her.
Alright, Meme, what is it this time?  Be done with it and don't try to make me mad.  Victoria finally said, as she let the last chunk fall into the pot.  Her hands slowly fell to her sides.  The girl said nothing, but turned her back to them and went on stirring the potatoes, snickering to herself, yet intentionally loud enough that Victoria and Linda could hear.  Meme!  Victoria was tired of all of their immaturity.  Don't be an idiot.  I know what you are trying to do; you want to make me mad.  Either tell me or shut your snickering trap, you sound like a horde of drunken crickets.
Meme responded with a cackle and went on stirring the food.  Linda touched Victoria's arm, Victoria turned her head to her.  Don't be listening to her sis, Linda advised, she is only a foolish child.  Don't let her make you angry.  You are right, that is what she wants.
Victoria sighed and smiled.  Of course, she would not let it get to her.  She went on with her duties and tried to put Meme's ridiculous noises out of her mind.  They did not cease and would not go out of her mind.  Finally, after Meme made another trip and the skillet was again loaded, she could not longer stand it.  She threw both potato and knife down into the pot and violently took hold of Meme's arm, the one stirring the skillet.  Her grasp was so rapid and so fierce that it caused the skillet to slide to the edge of the grating, began to lean precariously, and then started to slide to toward the bottom of the fireplace with its sizzling and popping contents in jeopardy of being flung across the kitchen floor.  Victoria's other arm immediately shot out and took hold of the handle.  It was terribly hot and the flames burnt her hand, but she held on until she had dragged it back to safety.  Then with a painful gasp she withdrew her hand and held it to her bosom beneath her arm.  After a few seconds she withdrew and examined it.  It was burned badly, suddenly Victoria felt sick.  Then she felt angry.  During the near mishap she had let loose of Meme's arm, but now she regained her hold and doubled her former grip.  Meme yelped and tried to pry her hand loose.  It was not possible.
You dolt!  You have done it now!  Victoria spewed out between clenched teeth.  You wanted to make me mad, now you have done it.  What have you got to say about that?  Are you quite satisfied?  She squeezed with all her might then gave her arm a mean twist.  Meme howled with the pain, and then fear of the other girl.  
All activity ceased and it grew quiet in the kitchen.  Meme began to cry and tears coursed down her face.  The only sound that could be heard was her low sobs.  Victoria looked around to see all of the other girls staring at her, their hands frozen in their immediate occupation.  She looked back to Meme and was just beginning to push her roughly, but thought better of it.  Instead, she let go of her arm and turned to the others.
What are you staring at?  Get back to what you were doing and mind your own business!  She said in an angry tone her voice slightly raised.
At that moment she saw someone standing behind the other girls watching solemnly.  It was Lady Shelton.  Victoria felt her face growing crimson and she turned her back to them all.  She bent down to pick up the knife and potato that she had discarded.  She heard the slow, soft step of Lady Shelton behind her.  Her hands begin to tremble.  The knife sliced down the potato; long ways, once, and then twice.  Her hand turned it smoothly on its side and she began to slice the quarter pieces off.  Her hands were shaking badly now.  Another potato.  Why wouldn't Lady Shelton go away?  She hadn't done anything wrong!  It was Meme's fault, she got what she deserved.  She was sick of it!  Why did everyone have to be such trouble?
The Lady Shelton crossed her hands in front of her and tilted her head in a curious manner to one side.  She could see Victoria's arms and shoulders trembling and the back of her neck was red.  She waited, not making a sound, but with patience observed the girl and thought.  What am I going to do about this one?  She watched with sympathy and pity as Victoria, unknowingly, let the slices fall, not in the kettle, but all around her feet on the floor.  Finally, she unfolded her hands and reached out to touch Victoria on the shoulder.  She is trembling even more now, thought Lady Shelton.  As her hand touched the fabric of her dress, Victoria violently spun around.  Her face and eyes were red and tears were streaming down her face and falling on her hands.
What?  She spoke loudly in a choked voice.
Victoria, I need some help for a few minutes.  Will you come with me?  Lady Shelton said gently, in a quiet voice.
Why don't you just say I am in trouble?  No one is fooled by that.  Just say it! 
I am not trying to fool you; I sincerely do need your help that is why I came in here.  Furthermore, why would you be in trouble?  I have observed nothing amiss.  I do see that you have burned your hand; that we shall take care of, if you will come and help me.
~
How is that?  Lady Shelton asked as she wound the last bit of dressing on the burn.  That should hold you over for awhile.  The burn is not deep, although painful, you will be alright.
Victoria managed a smile.  Fine, thank you very much.  She tested the hand within the bandage for movement and found it a little stiff though useable.  Now, what was it that you wanted me to help you with?
Yes, we shall get to that in due course, but first, Lady Emily put her elbows on her knees, cradled her chin in her hands, and looked straight into Victoria's eyes.  First, you tell me what that was all about in there.
Victoria knew this was coming and had tried to avoid it by expressing eagerness to be at the task of which she was recruited for.
As I said, that can wait.  Right now I am more interested in what is going on with you than anything else.  Please begin.
Victoria looked down at her hand for a moment, then out of the window.  After a minute she said, It was really nothing, I just lost my temper, that is all.
Lady Emily sighed, and then smiled.  Nothing it is not, the loss of your temper was self-evident, and that could not be all that happened.  One does not lose one's temper as a thing to do, but must have a reason.  Provocation, maybe?  So, far you have told me nothing that I do not already know.  I want to hear what I do not know.  Do you understand?
Victoria nodded and looked at her.  I think you already know, Lady Emily, can't we just leave it at that?
We may not.  Was her reply.  Such a thing is not appropriate between friends.  I may know and I may not.  The point is I suspect, but do not know.  If what I suspect proves indeed to be the case then we may retrospect and say that I did know.  If you do not tell me we will never be certain and both will always wonder.  If what you tell me denies the validity of what I suspect, then I would have been wrong, misjudged, and misunderstood the situation which is something that we try to avoid in life.  Now . . . I am waiting.
Wouldn't it be easier if you were to tell me what you suspect and I can then just say whether you were wrong or right?  Victoria asked with a pained, desperate expression.
Lady Shelton laughed lightly.  Pardon my mirth, dear Victoria, but of course it would be easier.  Your inclination is typical and consistent with humanity.  We are not seeking the easiest route, but the most effective.
Victoria didn't know if she liked being laughed at when she was feeling the way that she did.  Her stomach was churning and knotted up.  She knew that she did not like being called 'typical' either.  She was anything but typical in her opinion.  She was suddenly upset with Lady Shelton, but tried not to let it show on her face.  She was sure that she had succeeded, yet Lady Emily's next words baffled her.
Victoria, I understand that you do not consider yourself typical and find minor offense in my ascribing that characteristic to you.  I am sorry to say it again, but indeed you are.  Now, I do not mean that you are not different in many ways than others, because you certainly are that.  But there are certain inescapable characteristics inherit in each one of us as human beings, we must realize that, acknowledge, and accept it.  If we do not, we will despise others that we think are simple because they seem typical.  I do not say it to hurt you, but I knew when I said it that it would sting your pride.  I was right.  
If we are to get anywhere in this conversation, that must be laid aside.  So, we confront it and you have a decision to make.  Do you keep your pride, and not your friendship and confidence in me, or do you see it as the silly thing which it is and trust me as your friend?  Lady Shelton withdrew her chin from her hands and stood.  She looked at Victoria and then walked to the window and looked out.
Victoria was silent for a minute or two then quietly said.  Do you think that I will ever have a chance?
A chance of what?  Lady Emily asked without turning around.
A chance of finding anyone who loves me.
Certainly!  I love you don't I?
Yes, but that is not quite what I mean.
Well, what do you mean then, Victoria?  Who do you mean?
I mean . . . somebody that can . . . I mean a man finding me worth his love and loving me.
Lady Shelton paused before she replied.  Victoria's heart begin to pound.  Oh, this is crazy!  She thought.  I sound like a little baby!  Nonetheless, she found her eyes beginning to fill with tears.  Finally, Lady Shelton spoke.  Victoria, of course you have a chance, a good chance in fact.  You are beautiful, smart, and lively.  You know that yourself, but I think that there is more than a man, more than just any man.  Am I right?
Victoria felt her heart beginning to flood with pain, fear, and doubt.  She was afraid.  Afraid of what she was going to answer in a few seconds.  Afraid that it was too much to hope for, too much to even think.  It made her hurt inside as she thought of expressing her one and only dream, only to find that it probably would never come to pass.  Afraid that if she said something and nothing ever happened that she would never believe again, in anything.  She began to cry.  
Lady Emily turned, but did not make a move toward her.
What is his name, Victoria?  She asked in a gentle, soothing voice.
Victoria knew that if she didn't tell her now she would never be able to tell her.  She managed to breathe out the name, . . . Adrian.  Her voice barely audible, then she burst into tears.
This was the moment Lady Emily had waited for.  She now knew that she would be needed.  She walked quickly, but quietly to Victoria's side and put a loving arm around her.  Victoria began to sob uncontrollably, her body heaving and shaking from the pouring out of her emotions.  She reached an arm feebly and with uncertainty around Lady Shelton's waist.  Lady Shelton put her other arm around and her pulled Victoria to her feet and then to her bosom.  She would hold her tightly thus until she knew Victoria was strong enough to go on and once again safely in control of herself.  


Chapter VII

Rays of the rising sun began to creep over a gray horizon, swiftly speeding their way over the ocean, farms, and hills in the east, until they struck upon an open field.  Within its illumination an eye could make out shadowy figures stirring around and huddled together on opposite sides of the field.  As the light grew the purpose and intent of these figures became evident.  
There were a few horses stamping their feet as bits and saddles were thrown on and fixed into place.  With the marching on of dawn the activity increased.  The huddled groups quickly dispersed into smaller groups or pairs and begin to put the padded leather armor on each other.  Voices could be heard murmuring, at intervals shouts were carried across the open expanse and heard on both sides.
The air became alive with tension and anticipation.  For some of the boys and young men, shivering in the cold and hurriedly putting their armor on; this was the closest thing next to actual battle that they had ever been in.  Actions of some became nervous and hurried, while other seemed to be as slow as honey on this cold day.  There were knights and squires who were giving orders and turning a keen, observant eye over the actions of the rest.  They were looking for the ones who were in between the two extremes of pre-battle tension; those who calmly, yet ever so efficiently prepared for the melee.
~
Adrian was tightening the cinch on his mount for the second time after going over everything again when Raleigh came up beside him.  Adrian turned and grinned.  He was nervous, but it was not fear that heightened him, it was something that Adrian would come to know well; it was battle-lust.  His nerves were on edge, but he was excited about the prospect of combat, even though it was only a mock battle.
Are you already finished with your mount?  Adrian asked Raleigh.
Not yet, stubborn beast is holding in his breath, I still need to tighten the cinch up again.  Raleigh noted that Adrian had already done so and wondered at his swift preparation.
If he won't let the air out kick him real good and you can get it tighter.  Adrian replied as he patted the big gelding on the haunches.
Ah, I felt sorry for the old fellow; I figured I would come back and do it when he had relaxed.  
That will work too, I suppose.
Just then Sir Gilbert rode upon on his own mount with his helmet in his left arm.  There was another man just behind him watching the rest of the riders and kept turning his eye to the two boys talking.  Adrian noticed this and winked at Raleigh, nodding in the man's direction.  Raleigh turned to look.  The man was looking in their direction and nodded to them both.
Sir Gilbert spoke quietly, but clearly.  Tack up lads we are charging within three minutes.
Raleigh and Adrian looked at each other in surprise.  Raleigh spoke up.  I thought we were not going to charge until it got light enough.  I haven't heard any signals from either side.
If you want to win a battle you don't wait for everyone to be comfortably ready.  You attack when they least expect it.  They all turned to see the speaker.  It was Prince Harry!  The man who had been watching them.  He turned to them, Good morning lads!  Good to see you are fed and ready to go.  Mount your horses!
Sir Gilbert explained.  Prince Henry is a surprise, but welcome, addition to this event.  He just rode in from the village.  He will be taking command of the battle in the center.  I will take the left flank.  He put his helmet on and looked at Adrian.  Remember, hold to that beast like the devil!  And he turned and rode off.  Raleigh had run over to get his horse and was now walking over to join them.  The prince smiled.  
Gentlemen, you are royal guards today.  Adrian, I want you on my left.  Raleigh, on my right.  Let's advance and form the line.  Adrian mounted quickly and took his place beside the prince.  He noted that although he was on the left it was a place of honor more than the traditional right.  The prince had no weapon, but his lance on his left to use offensively against an enemy.  His breast swelled at the gesture.
The line seemed to form with unbelievable swiftness and stealth.  They were ready at the mark, on time.  The word must have flown through the camp once Prince Harry had arrived.  
The force on Sir Gilbert's and the prince's side was a third smaller than the one opposing.  Sir Gilbert had wanted it that way.  He told the other knights in charge that he wanted to test his forces and skill against greater odds.  They had agreed.  Few would dispute the skill of Sir Gilbert in leading any force in battle.  They did not know about Prince Harry, nor had Sir Gilbert known of him at the time.  Had the other knights known they would have asked for twice the amount on their side.  The prince and Sir Gilbert had a force of roughly two hundred men on their side, most of them were chosen by Sir Gilbert himself ahead of time.  He was a sly old fox, he hadn't planned on losing.
The signal came and the horses surged forward.  As the rest of the line began to move the churning hooves of horses and men echoed across the battlefield making ground muddy in many places.  The army on the other side seemed to pause in their activity to see the cause of the noise.  They stared for a brief instant and just as the signal was given for the charge, jumped back to preparations with wild screams of genuine fright and surprise.  The charge came.  Adrian's horse nearly bolted from underneath him as he attempted to stay abreast of the prince.  The line surged down the slight hill and closed the gap with incredible speed.  For Adrian it seemed all in slow motion.  Knights and men were jumping to their mounts to meet the charge.  The boys who were ready ran to meet the charge.  Others were trying to get ready still.  Some abandoned their preparations to line up as they were, ready or not.  Shouts began to roll from either side.  The knights on the other side were shouting orders and slapping slackers with the flat of their wooden swords while riding up and down the lines.  It looked as though the center charge led by Prince Harry was going to take them while they were still in a tangle.  At the last minute though their line seemed to form up with amazing speed, as if out of thin air.  At one instant the opposing force was a liquid mass of confused, scurrying bodies, the next a strong, if not a somewhat ill-prepared, line.
Adrian risked a glance over at Raleigh. His visor was not down and he was smiling a wicked smile, though he appeared to be swaying a little back and forth in the saddle.  Adrian was curious, but could not risk another look.  The gap now began to close from both sides as the other line started its counter-charge.  They came together in crash, amidst screams of fright, rage, and battle-lust.  A feeling of glee came over Adrian as he unhorsed his opponent and still remained firmly fixed on the back of his horse.  He found himself laughing, but could not hear himself over the shouts and cries of men and horses.  He hadn't realized it, but his spittle was running down his face and gathering beneath his chin.  He felt like some kind of animal.  He pulled out his wooden sword and began to engage another rider.  It was immediately evident that Adrian was a superior swordsman and he was already laughing in anticipation of another fallen foe when a crushing blow fell on his leg.  He screamed and then clinched his teeth down hard.  He chanced a look.  There was a boy swinging a large wooden club.  He had hit him in the side of the leg.  Adrian only had enough time to spur his horse forward and throw his left leg out.  He caught the boy in mid-swing his boot catching him in the face.  From the corner of his eye, he saw blood fly out from the boy's face, but had no time for another glance.  He was now face to face with the other rider.  The rider had taken advantage of Adrian's distraction and dealt him a blow on the helmet.  Adrian saw stars and heard bells clanging incessantly.  He fought on.  Suddenly, he heard his name being shouted.  It was the prince.  He was shouting that Raleigh was down and to go cover him until he could be taken back.  Adrian began to back his mount and edge it towards the right.  The other rider was still trying to press his advantage when there came a lance out of nowhere and slammed squarely on the man's shield.  Adrian watched as the rider was lifted, as if by an unseen hand, from the saddle and literally flew across the open air to land with a jarring thud ten feet away.  Adrian turned to see the prince.  He was laughing and his eyes were dancing with fire, the same fire Adrian had witnessed before that night in the castle.  What shocked Adrian most was that he had no helmet on.  Hurry boy, go get your comrade.  He is putting up a fight like a demon, but they are surrounding him quickly!  Take him back to get another horse and meet me back here!  He turned and was gone, charging back into the wall of bodies pressing forward against them.
Adrian reared his horse and wheeled it to the right.  He dug the spurs in deep and charged down on the circle that was forming around Raleigh.  Most were on foot and he easily bolled them over, but not without receiving numerous blows from all sides.  
He shouted as loud as he could.  Raleigh climb on behind me!  Raleigh turned toward him with the same movement that he knocked an opponent over, hesitated an instant and sprang for the horse.  He was up in a second and again Adrian reared the horse and spurred him to the back of the line.
When they reached the brow of the hill where the camp was set up, Raleigh jumped off and called for a new horse.  A page grabbed one up and threw a saddle on him.  Raleigh ran over the lances and took two new ones.  He ran back to where Adrian sat on his horse and tossed him one.  Breathlessly he shouted, I will catch up with you old chap, you better hurry on and help hold the line.  Adrian thanked him and once again put his horse to speed.  As he turned back to the battle from the low rise of the hill he could see things much better.  What he saw caused him to start, they were losing!  Both flanks were being pushed back beyond the line, which was starting to give.  The center was too far forward and looked as if it were going to crack any minute.  Adrian could see that nobody knew this from down in the field.  Daylight had barely come and it was already very dusty.  Suddenly, he turned his horse again and rode back up to Raleigh, who was just mounting up, and called out.
Raleigh, we are losing the melee!  They are outflanking us on both sides.  The center is too far advanced and looks like it is going to break any second!
Raleigh thrust his helmet on and lifted up the visor.  He quickly looked around and what he saw confirmed what Adrian had just told him.  Let's go then they will need our help!  Raleigh started forward.
Wait!  Adrian called out.  Two men are not enough to turn the tide.  They don't know what is going on, they can't see.  What they need is information.
Raleigh had stopped, now he nodded his head as he looked out over the field again.  You are right.  What do you suggest?
We cannot inform all three battle groups, since there are only two of us, but we can inform the flanks.  They are more important just now.  What I suggest is that you take one flank and I will take the other.  We will ride in hard, shouting to press forward.  If we can rally them they will push back the other side.  That will take men from their center to defend their flanks.  I think if it happens quick enough they won't have adequate time to respond.  What do you think?
Raleigh laughed and looked at Adrian with a glint of admiration in his eyes.  I think that if the general's plan is to work we had better move out.  I will take the right side.  With that he reached up and pulled down his visor.  Adrian did the same and they sped off spurring their horses and shouting like the devil.
~
Sir Gilbert was fighting hard with his flank troops, but sensed rather than observed an outflanking maneuver taking place on the opposing side.  Then suddenly it came.  Bodies from the other side began to press down upon his line with terrible force.  They were being pressed back, slowly at first, then quickly.  If his men ever broke he knew his flank was lost and possible the battle.  He wondered what was happening on the other side.  He couldn't tell.  It was not quite light enough to see through all of the thick dust.  No matter, if they didn't hold here they were finished anyway.  He did not want to lose the melee.  With the presence of the prince, to lose would be even more embarrassing, even if he had less men, still he should win!
Hold the line men!  He shouted out.  A few turned momentarily to him and then turned back to the enemy with renewed effort.  We cannot let them push any farther back, hold them here, dig in and push these peasants back to their camp!  He pressed forward to set the example.  The backward movement eased up slightly, slowed and then stopped.  The line was holding!  The men begin to shout when they saw that they were holding steady.  Sir Gilbert felt like they just might have a chance, when he saw a knight pressing through the men on the other side toward his direction.  He saw the man's helmet turned this way and that when it stopped and looked straight at him.  Here comes trouble!  Thought Sir Gilbert.  The knight then started coming straight toward him.  Sir Gilbert did not know if he could take him on or not.  He was not very capable against a peer with just his right arm.  Suddenly he knew that they were going to lose.  If he went down these young boys and men would lose heart, fall back, and be overrun.  Nonetheless, he readied himself for the assault.  Above the shouts Sir Gilbert began to hear a voice shouting with unbelievable volume.  He couldn't make out what was being said or where it was coming from, but whatever it was it began to get everybody's attention.  The knight was almost on him now and he could see him readying his lance for a charge.  Suddenly, the words drifted clearly to him as if by a miracle.  
We have them, press forward men!  We have them, reinforcements are coming!  Onward!  Forward!  Take them!  Sir Gilbert was puzzled, who could that be and where were the reinforcements coming from?  An earsplitting shout erupted from his men and they started pushing, and hacking away with their blunted wooden swords and spears like the battle was real and their life depending on it.  The man's voice was lost in the steady and sudden roar of the battle cry.  Then he heard almost directly behind him.  Sir Gilbert, to the side, to the side!  At first he did not understand, then it dawned on him.  The man was going to take the knight lance to lance, which he could not do.  He had no lance.  The knight began to charge, his lance coming down and pointing toward him.
To the side, to the side!  The voice was screaming now.  He didn't know what side to go to.  Then as quickly as he thought of the question, an answer came.  To the right, to the right.  He jerked his horse and jumped it to the right.  Just as he did he saw the point of a lance being thrust forward at incredible speed where he had just been, or so it seemed, he could not tell for sure.  Who is this madman?  He could have got me in the back!  Then he knew!  It was a madman.  It was Adrian!  His horse flew by in a flashing blur.  The other knight was caught off guard, but his charge did not check, and he plunged on.  Sir Gilbert saw that Adrian's lance was high.  He didn't know if his aim was off or if it was intentional.  Doesn't he know that he could kill the other knight with such a head shot, even if the lance was wooden!  Sir Gilbert prayed he missed, but then he knew he wouldn't.  Adrian had the best aim of anyone he had ever trained.  The knight noticed also and Sir Gilbert could almost see the surprise in his eyes behind his visor.  Then to his horror, rather than the knight using an evasive maneuver, he also raised his lance to aim for a head shot.  The hooves pounded the earth and the few remaining seconds ticked by like a day in eternity.  Sir Gilbert cringed and all but closed his eyes.  He knew that if either knight landed his blow where he was aiming there was going to be trouble for both of them, survivor or not.  They came together with a thunderous crash and Sir Gilbert's heart sank as he saw both lances shiver and then shatter into showers of chips and splinters.  His heart sank even further when he saw that both had been unhorsed.  He wheeled his horse to where Adrian was lying, expecting to see the point of a lance protruding out of the front of his helmet and blood running out upon the ground.  He saw neither, what he was Adrian slowly climbing back on his feet, still with one knee on the ground.  He was holding his left shoulder.  Sir Gilbert quickly dismounted and ran to him.
Adrian, lad, are you alive?
There was a painful gasp, followed by a painfully spoken, Of course Sir Gilbert, unless we are both dead and we are talking on the other side.
What happened?  Are you quite alright then?
Well, I might be I am not sure.  It feels like lightning struck my shoulder.  I can't move it or feel it.
He got you in the shoulder then?  Sir Gilbert asked relieved.
Yes, he did.  I spoiled his aim when he went for my head.  How is he?  Adrian tried to turn and look, but winced and resumed his position.
Sir Gilbert turned to see.  He located the man's horse, but could not see the knight.  I don't know Adrian, I cannot see him, but I hope that you did not kill him.  If you did you will be in great trouble.  You should not have tried for that head shot.
Adrian laughed as much as he could with his painful shoulder hindering him.  Ah!  Sir Gilbert he will be okay.  I did not hit him in the head.
Now he was confused.  You didn't, but I saw you take aim.  I know that you don't miss.  I also saw him take aim at your head when he saw your intent.  That is why I thought you were dead.
Yes, you saw correctly, up until the last.
Up until the last, what do you mean?
~
Just then a loud shout went up around them and despite the pain Adrian felt, he turned to look toward the line.  Men were shouting and running forward.  The opposite side's line was broken!  They were retreating!  Adrian, now heedless and unaware of his pain, jumped to his feet and whooped loudly.  Within a minute the trumpet blasted a retreat and the melee was over.  They had won!  Sir Gilbert was laughing and threw his arm around Adrian.  Great job my boy!  You did it, it was you that made the difference!
Adrian was about to reply when a hand spun him around and out of Gilbert's grasp.  A booming voice commanded him to take off his helmet.  Adrian recognized the voice, but did not move.  He couldn't have taken it off if he wanted to.  I said take of your helmet, I want to see the man who tried to kill me in a melee.  I would challenge you.
Still Adrian did not move.  I did not try to kill you.  I only aimed for your head to see if you would falter or turn aside.  I did not expect you to come on and take aim at mine.
You expected me to turn my tail and run?
Not exactly, but something like that.
I can see you don't know who I am.  The man removed his helmet.  Adrian suddenly felt his knees go weak and he began to gasp for air.  It seemed like what little light shone in through his eye slits was now growing dimmer.  He fell to his knees.  He reached out for Sir Gilbert and missed him, but Gilbert reached for his hand and caught it.  
Sir Gilbert . . . please help me take off this helmet.  He did so, and then Adrian took off the felt hat that knights wore to help pad blows and soak up sweat and blood.
The other knight now gasped and whispered, Oh my God, my God.  Forgive our foolishness.
Adrian brushed back the sweaty hair from his face and turned to Sir Gilbert.  Sir Gilbert, I would like you to meet my father.  
~

With the melee over there was a post-battle meeting.  The prince, Sir Gilbert of Devon, Adrian's father, Sir Roland of Essex, and various other knights were present.  Adrian and Raleigh were also present, at the prince's express wishes.  The gathering was informal and it took a bit of time before everyone was comfortably settled in.  Since the meeting was held in Sir Gilbert's tent, he seemed to be the one in charge.  He was in no hurry and waited for the knights to take off their unnecessary armor.  Refreshments were passed around the tent, heavy goblets of wine and yesterday morning's bread.  Adrian and Raleigh felt a little conspicuous, but no one seemed to pay them any mind.
Shall we examine today's battle results?  Sir Gilbert began in a clear voice.
Only because your side won are you anxious to begin!  A heavily bearded and very muscular knight said around a mouthful of bread and between long, noisy sips of wine, Sir Lambert, Adrian learned by discreet inquiry.  Let us fill our bellies a little more and then we will talk of how much you have done today.  He laughed.
I am not anxious to begin because of our side's victory.  Sir Gilbert responded.  I am not anxious at all, go ahead and eat, but I don't know if a mule's load of bread and meat could fill your belly.  The room burst into laughter.
By Jove, you think yourself to be a man of mirth do you?  Well, since the bread is good and the wine has a bite, I'll stay my tongue and let you have your laugh, if you keep it simple.  Presently Lambert resumed his 'belly stuffing'.
An inner flap to the side of the tent leading parted and the prince stepped in.  Although his manner was unobtrusive and quiet, as was his custom, he was immediately noticed.  The room grew silent.  Bread ceased being torn and eaten.  Wine ceased being poured and slurped.  That is, all except for one man, Sir Lambert of Yorkshire, he was busy over a piece of meat.
Nonetheless, Sir Gilbert, men, I do believe that in accordance with the purpose of the melee we should hold business as normal.  As we saw today . . . The prince was cut off by a hearty laugh and a nasally recital of his last words, As we saw today. . . then another laugh.  We all know what we saw today.  A sneak attack, that's what!  An unfair move on the part of Sir Gilbert.  That's what we saw today!  No one stirred.  It was the silence that finally brought the head of Lambert up.  He looked around until he saw Prince Henry's face.  Henry was looking directly at him.  His face froze.  No expression, no emotion, just a frozen picture of what was a feasting man.  Finally, he realized his piece of meat was being shown through a gaping mouth.  He promptly closed it and swallowed hard.
Beg your forgiveness and pardon, my liege. I did not know it was you who spoke.  I was only having a bit of sport with Sir Gilbert. I meant no harm . . . The prince raised his hand.  Lambert fell silent.
Sir Lambert if you hold your peace, you have my forgiveness and pardon.
Lambert did not answer, but his face flushed a deep crimson, of which he later told it was from the wine.
Thank you, I shall continue.  As we saw today to take an event, any event taken for granted when it is connected in any way with war, is a mistake.  For your information, it was not Sir Gilbert which gave the order to attack at the breaking of dawn, it was I.  He knew nothing of it.  The mistake was to believe all would go as planned and according to schedule.  Seeing how our purpose is to train for war, for those which have been in war, but especially for those who have not as of today, we must remember that war never goes according to plan and on schedule.  Sometimes one or the other, seldom both.  If both, rarely, if ever, never twice.  War is confusion with a purpose, desperation given direction.  
I issued the order to attack to show ourselves how ready we were and are.  We failed the test.  A force of two hundred men put to flight a force three times their size, all in a matter of a quarter of an hour.  So yes, Sir Lambert, a sneak attack.  Unfair you say?  Hardly, it is a matter of fact that your side is lucky to be alive to eat and drink.  It would not be so on a battlefield.
I can hold on a true battlefield, me liege, rest in that.  Lambert spoke up.
The prince smiled and asked him if his back and side hurt where he hit the ground.  Lambert thought for a minute and then realizing it was the prince who had sent him sailing off of his horse, flushed red once again.  This part he did not repeat so wine was not blamed twice.  Satisfied, Prince Henry turned and sat down.  Gilbert adroitly resumed as if there had been no interruption.
My man at arms received the report of the injured.  Forty-six injured, twelve seriously, and one possible death.  Adrian's heart sunk at this.  Someone had been killed!  He looked at Raleigh, who was looking at him.  The same thought went through their mind.  No one was supposed to be killed!  Adrian wondered if it was anyone he knew personally.  One of the lads, maybe?  He turned his attention back to Gilbert.
Of the forty-six, thirty-one were beneath my banner, fifteen beneath that of Sir Lambert.  Here he paused and waited for the obvious to be taken in.
One knight finally ventured forth the next apparent observation.  If I might say, in all due respect to you and the Prince, Sir Gilbert, your side appears to have sustained the heavier losses; therefore a far greater percentage of your force is out of the fight.  Were we to give battle again, I venture to say, you stand a terrible chance at losing.
You may say that, but for one thing.  All of the serious injuries are on Lambert's side.
Adrian's mind raced.  Maybe it was the boy he had hit.  He spoke without thinking and was immediately sorry.  Even the possible death?  They all turned to him.  He could feel the color creeping up his neck and face.  Sir Gilbert took his query serious though and rescued him. 
Yes Adrian, even the possible death.  He turned back to the knights and spoke.  So you see, even though we sustained more injured, less were serious, in fact none were.  While we could again field our full force, Lambert's force would be thirteen short.  It is a narrow gap in the odds, but it is there.  If held and increased the smaller force would eventually win out.
The knight who had commented on the injured spoke.  It could be done.  I see your point.  It very well could be done.  Especially if you show the fortitude which you did earlier this morning.
Sirs, it very well may need to be done.  If events size up in the future.  The prince spoke.
Events, Milord?  Sir Roland, Adrian's father asked.
France and England will not always be at peace, cannot be.  The French are growing arrogant and corrupt.  There will be a war, a war in which we will have the smaller force.
Indeed, you are probably right at that.  Roland nodded.
A smaller force, true, but that is why we are here to make it a better one than what the French could ever field.  We do have one piece on the chessboard which has not yet been played.  One which we could not use today for obvious reasons.  The Prince looked around to see if anyone had heard him and knew of what he spoke.
Sir Cranston spoke up for the first time.  Ahh, Milord, the English bowman.  I see your thought.  The prince looked at the tall, long-limbed, knight with a satisfied expression on his face and nodded.
Yes, the English bowman.  We know of their skill and we know of the power of the yew wood bows.  They will penetrate the armor of the French at nearly one hundred paces.  I think we would stand a chance against the very best that they have to send out to us.
There was a shout and a mild applause amongst them, Adrian included.  Henry waited for the noise to subside.
Men, with that fact in mind, we must also recognize our knighthood and men at arms.  Today you saw a fine example of what happens when two forces nearly equal in skill, yet different in size, come together with the smaller force as the victor.  Surprise, yes, but I did say almost equal in skill, for they almost all are.  Yet, even then there is a greater power in battle than skill, size, and surprise.  The room was again quiet as the knights looked on the man who had trained under one of the most formidable fighting men of their lifetime, Hotspur Percy.  The prince had led a successful attack against the enemy of England when he was no more than fifteen years old.  They were anxious for what he had to say.  The prince continued, Today we saw what will save us in the future when all else fails.  We saw what a true soldier, a king's warrior is made of.  Henry turned to Adrian and Raleigh.  I would like to introduce you to my Royal Guards.  Adrian of Essex and Raleigh of Suffolk, please stand.  These two men are responsible for the victory which we claim as ours.  
Both stood and endured the stares of these seasoned warriors as they sized them up.  Adrian felt he should be nervous or embarrassed at the attention, but realized he wasn't.  He wondered if his pride was becoming a sin, but he found that he cared not for the praise.  He suddenly knew what it was.  He felt again that loyalty well up in his breast which he felt the night Raleigh and he had been found in the hall by the prince.  He felt the weight of duty and the exhilaration of its succession execution.  It was not pride in himself, but in his service for his liege lord, the prince! 
Prince Henry resumed.  These two men, namely Adrian, turned the tide.  Lambert had ordered a rapid and heavy assault to our flank, which was the best move to make when comparing the difference in forces.  It would have succeeded, indeed was succeeding, when this move was identified and countered with courage on the part of our flanks.  I led the center charge, and took the opportunity to drive back Lambert's middle.  While Sir Gilbert was to my left and Sir Creston was to my right fighting valiantly, I was in danger of being surrounded by my own success at driving back the line.  As well, these two gentlemen were being turned back and nearly overran.  I believe Sir Roland, Adrian's father, led the flank on Lambert's right when Adrian and Raleigh came charging off the hill back into the heat of the battle crying aloud that we were going to be successful.  The men took heart and held the assault back, and finally they began to press back Lambert's forces.  Within a few more minutes a retreat was sounded.  
The prince stopped for a moment to sip of his wine.  Now.  He said as he set his mug down.  That which outweighs all else in the heat of battle is courage.  Courage alone is not enough, but it is shown to be more than enough when coupled with skill.  The truth is our forces were losing.  We were not winning when their cry for victory roused the men to greater effort, but courage empowered every man, every muscle, to exceed the limits and to defeat the odds.  It was courage.  Henry pounded his fist into his open hand and looked every man in the eye.  If we train every man in England in the art of use of every weapon of mankind to perfection, yet we fail to instill courage in their hearts, we fail.  We cannot succeed!  I say that we have the evidence before us that England knows how to raise its men and to broaden, not only their shoulders, but their heart so that they might bear the burden of our country.  Prince Henry dramatically swung his hand toward the two boys.  A shout went up and many men got to their feet.  Adrian dropped his head down and looked at the ground.  Now he was indeed embarrassed and wished to hide!
In a matter of minutes they were being slapped on the back by heavy hands.  Adrian was shaking hands; rather his hand was being shaken, time and time again.  He wanted to laugh, cry, and hide at the same time.  He glanced over at Raleigh, who was subjected to the same kind of treatment.  He was grinning from ear to ear and Adrian thought he detected moisture in his eyes.  Adrian turned his head in time to see the prince looking at him and smiling.  The prince winked and then turned opened the flap and went outside.


Chapter VIII

The last of the racking sobs went out of the slight figure huddled to the breast of Lady Shelton like the quiet subsiding of an overzealous ocean tide.  The storm had come and brought with it havoc and the surging tide, but now the sun shone upon a calm sandy beach in the form of a beaded brow.  It was over or at least the worst of it.  Things from now would be a matter of adjusting, of repairing, and living on.  The revelation of Victoria's secret admiration for the young man called Adrian had brought on quite a tempest and cyclone of emotions, but now she was wrung out and also, for the moment, at a certain degree of peace.
Emily Shelton began allowing her hold to ease a bit on the slender frame of the girl.  She spoke soothingly into her ear that it was better now, that everything was going to be alright.  Slowly she pulled Victoria from her and looked into her face.  Even now with her eyes swollen from crying and her face reddening from tears and sorrow she was a beautiful child.
There now Vic Marie, Lady Shelton used the shortened version of her name in rare cases, and only when there were times of intimacy at hand.  How do you feel now?
There were a few short sniffles and then Victoria hesitantly met her gaze.  Well, madam, I do feel better.
Good.  Of course you do.  There are some things that we should never carry around until we are to bursting.  Not that I mind your bursting out, Heaven knows I have done it my fair share, but it is unpleasant to be weighed down with all of those secrets.  She smiled at Victoria, but did not receive one in return.  Come now, is there something else?
Again Victoria met her gaze and then let her grasp fall from Lady Shelton's waist.  There is, I suppose, more than one thing.
Lady Emily Shelton looked compassionately on her sad, fair face and then took her hand and let her to another chair.  She indicated for her to sit and then went to the door and called for one of the girls near at hand.  The girl was given instructions to bring some hot tea and muffins in at once and set them just inside the door.  She shut the door and waited there.  In a minute there was a tapping on the door.  A quiet 'enter' was spoken and a second later the same girl appeared with the tray.  Lady Emily took it from her and gave her a warm smile.  The girl went out and the door was closed softly behind her.  Lady Emily walked over to the same tea table which she had used many times for talks such as this and placed the tray down.  She turned the cups over, poured the steaming tea into each one, took her cup, slid the other lightly over toward Victoria, leaned toward her in her chair, looked at her for some seconds, slipped the tea, set it down again, and then took Victoria's hand. 
Now.  She said.  Shall I hear the rest of the tale?  There were a few moments of utter silence as she waited for a response.  None came.  Here then, take a sip of tea it may help you feel better.  Victoria did as she was told and indeed she thought that she did feel somewhat better.  A deep breath followed and then with a far-off look in her eyes she launched into her heart's saga.
Do you know what it is like to be abandoned?  Totally left without anyone, not a soul!  she spoke these words with a pain in her eyes.
I can't say that I do, but I can imagine what it may be like.  Please go on.
We were abandoned as children.  Not totally at first, and not even intentional.  We were all alone.  Father had died, I didn't remember much of him, then mother had died a time afterward.  I was very fond of mother.  I remember her clearly.  Then suddenly we were left alone, all alone.  I was terribly frightened, for I did not understand what had happened, but my brother was not.  He said that it would be okay.  I believed him when he said these things at the time, but now that I look back I know that he was frightened.  He was too frightened to even show to me that he was.  We had no family, no friends, no one to turn to.  We were turned out to the street.  We went about begging, but that didn't help much.  Then finally we went to the countryside to help the farmers work and get food from them for our work.
This went fine for a while, but then things started to happen that made my brother mad.  He said that they weren't giving us enough food; that they were working us too hard.  He said were being taken advantage of.  I told him I didn't mind the work and I had enough to eat.  This seemed to cool him down for a while until one evening as we were coming in from the fields the owner of the farm came out and met us as we went to the servant's quarters.
Boy!  He called my brother over to him.  I have something for you to do.  My brother just stood there and looked wearily at him.  There are some chickens over in that pen.  He pointed.  They keep getting out and laying eggs in places where we can't find them.  I want you to go and mend the pen so they can't get out.  My brother just looked at him.  I could see suspicion and contempt building up behind his eyes.  He started to say something.  The farmer raised his hand as if to strike him.  Now I don't want to hear a protest just do what I say or I will have you lashed. Now GO!
My brother went, but as I found out later he didn't go to the pen, he went straight to the tool room and grabbed an axe.  He had just fixed the pen a day before and had checked it that morning, no chickens were getting out!  He knew something was going on that he didn't like.  He was right.  Here Victoria looked at lady Shelton and quietly said the next words.  Lady Emily he was indeed right and I am glad he got that axe.  The farmer grasped me by the arm and took me around one of the buildings.  He began to touch me in places Suddenly I felt scared, more terrified than I ever have been in my life.  Victoria's voice became slightly tremulous.  Lady Emily put out a hand to Victoria's arm, it too was trembling.  
Vic Marie, no!  Tell me he didn't.  Emily Shelton begin to feel sick to her stomach as she looked into those tender, dark eyes of this wondrously beautiful girl before her.  Lord God, he didn't.
Victoria looked at her and tears started to fill her eyes as she thought of the event again.  It was a vivid memory in her mind, stark and real even now.
He didn't.  She finally said.  There was a visible relaxing of Lady Emily's face at these words and she withdrew her hand and clasped it to her other one.  
Oh, thank God!  She leaned back.
Indeed.
What happened?
Before I knew it I was screaming.  I don't remember what made me start, it just came out of me.  I looked around for help.  At first I couldn't see anyone, then I saw a man in the field.  I looked toward him and screamed for help.  He stared at me for a long minute, shook his head, and then turned his back and walked away!  I was doubly terrified now!  I screamed even louder.  I remember my ears hurting at the sound of it.  My throat felt like it was tearing.  He clamped a hand over my mouth and bellowed at me to be silent.  Then he threw me to the ground.  I stopped screaming, the very air in my lungs seemed to go from me.  I couldn't breath.  Then things happened so fast.  Oh, it was the most dreadful thing that I have ever seen!  Terrible, dreadful!  Victoria's face turned away and she covered it with her hands.  Lady Emily was spellbound and anxious to hear the outcome, as much or more from dread herself, than from curiosity, but she waited.
Victoria, take another sip of tea.  She handed her the cup.  Victoria drank and then went on.
It was like a nightmare come to life.  After I hit the ground I looked up at the monster that had thrown me there.  His face was livid, full of fury, and evil intentions.  I shrunk away from him.  In that instant, just for a split second there was a cry of rage behind him and as I watch an axe swung as if from thin air and hit him in the neck.  Oh, Lady Emily it was horrific!  His head flew off, still with that same look fixed on its face.  I was covered with blood.  I closed my eyes for an instant.  A second later I opened them only to see the headless body tumbling toward me like an apparition.  Then I found my voice, I screamed.  That is all I remember.
Lady Emily shuddered quite involuntarily.  God in Heaven what a horrible thing for this child to go through!  They sat there for a few minutes not saying a word.  They both took a slow drink of tea in those minutes and then Lady Emily looked back to the girl before her.
You said that is all that you remember? She almost afraid to discover the remainder, but still wanting to know the savior of Victoria.
The next thing I remember was smelling an animal.  A sweaty animal.  Then the pounding of hooves.  I opened my eyes to see nothing but hair before my face.  I was on my stomach bent over a beast of burden.  I turned my head and saw my brother there, his face flushed red, sweat pouring down it.  He was running as fast as I have ever seen him run.  He had a rope in one hand and was leading the animal that I was on.
I cried out once, but he didn't hear me.  I tried again this time he heard and came to a stop.  The animal also stopped abruptly.  He came quickly to me.  There was fear in his face and eyes.  He had been crying, I could tell by the redness of his eyes.  He looked behind us with such a fearful look that I shall never forget.  I followed his gaze.  Far, far in the distance was the farm, then I remembered the spinning, whirling, bloody head.  'Sis, we can't stop . . .' his chest was heaving as he fought for breath. 'will you be all right?'  I nodded my head.  We took to flight again.  His fear had seized my heart also.  Even if I had not been alright I would have said that I was.  We ran on and on, until it was fully dark.  
Finally, we stopped.  I turned to see where we were and ask what were going to do.  I saw my brother on his knees.  He was coughing and heaving.  He began to cough up something, I knew what it was.  It was blood.  He coughed for a minute or so and then fell limp, face down in his own vomit and blood.  I struggled to get off the animal, I never knew whether it was a horse, mule, or donkey.  I couldn't get off.  I was lashed on with rope.  He had fastened me on so that in my unconsciousness I wouldn't slide off the side.  It took me some time to get down, all the while I was calling my brother.  He never answered, he never moved, and I just knew it, I knew he was dead.  With blinding frustration I finally tore away the fiber off of my hands and feet.  I tumbled off of the animal and rushed to his side.  I lifted up his face from the stench and blood-stained dirt.  It was a sight that made me nearly recoil from shock.  His face was covered in the filth and looked like a creature of my nightmares.
We had stopped very close to a little brook.  I ran to it and tried to carry water back in my hands to put on my brother's face, but it all ran out before I could get to him.  I began to weep and sob.  I was calling out his name over and over as I tugged him toward the brook.  He was a very big lad for his age and I was years younger than him.  I don't know how I got him there, but I did.  My whole body was shaking with the sobs of my utter sorrow and exertion when I finally sat down in the water and put his head on my lap.  I could barely focus on his face through the tears.  They began to drop onto his face.  I wept more.  Then I took the water and started washing blood and grime off until I could see the features of my brother again.  I bent my head to his and cried still.  It was then that I heard him faintly breathing.  I splashed water on his face and then suddenly he blinked and then opened his eyes.  Again there was silence between the two women there.  Victoria looked up at lady Shelton and saw something that had never been seen by her before or since on the face of lady Shelton.  There were tears slowly coursing their way down her cheeks.  Lady Emily Shelton was crying!
Not knowing what else to do Victoria went on.  We both drank and rested.  Then we walked into the night.  I don't know what became of the beast or of the farm and its tenants.  We got away into the city and never returned to that part of England again.
At this lady Emily sat up in her chair and wiped the tears from her eyes and face with a cloth at hand.  You poor girl, poor, poor girl.  My, my.  Thanks be to God and thanks be to your brother that you are both alive and whole today!  Poor thing.  She sat there for some time looking intently and with a new perspective toward Victoria.
Yes, thanks be to God and to my brother that I am here.  Victoria finally said.
Quite, Victoria.  I don't want to seem forgetful or even somewhat trifling, but I don't remember what you said your brother's name was.
There was a somber silence then, I didn't say what it was.
Why?  Do tell me your brother's name.  
I can'tI will not.  Victoria's face became set and her gaze fixed once again.
Why can't you, why won't you, Vic Marie?
I will not speak his name again, ever!  Lady Emily was shocked at this statement.
You will not speak it again, why?  Lady Emily could not understand and there was nothing in the world to prepare her for the next words which met her ears.
Victoria's face suddenly grew dark and grim.  Through clenched teeth she spoke.  Because I hate him!
~

The scout came running up to the tent entrance, breathing hard.  He was called to stop by the guards at the sides of the awning.  He tried to push past, but found the way blocked by two swarthy men-at-arms.
Look lad, you can't go busting in their without permission from the prince or from Sir Gilbert.  What is it that you want?
Indeed, sir, I want to see Sir Gilbert or if necessary the prince.  I am a scout for the same.  Please . . . let me by.  He paused to catch his breath.
The same man-at-arms spoke up.  Well they just broke up the meeting of the knights from the post-battle session, I suppose they are resting just now.
Sir, I know this.  I was sent out from this very tent immediately after that meeting on an errand of Sir Gilbert's bidding.  I must speak with him.  The boy tried to push past again.
One of us ought to just peep our head inside and let them know about the boy.  They will decide what to do.  We are not really at war so I don't think it will be too much of a difficulty.  The other man-at-arms interjected.
Fine idea, Hobbin, why don't you be the one.  The first man grinned widely.
I will then, if this lad is a special messenger for Sir Gilbert we wouldn't want to be guilty of turning him back would we?  With this he put the halberd against the tent wall, lifted the flap and went in.  Thirty seconds he returned.
Go in boy.  They are indeed expecting you to come.  He winked at the boy and picked up his halberd once again.  The boy went in.
~
After he had finished reporting the prince turned to Sir Gilbert and laughed.  Just as I thought, we are going to have some sport again before this day is over.  At this he laughed again and clapped the lad on the shoulder then looked him in the face.  Can you bear another errand my lad?
Of a certainty Milord.
Great, sit you and be silent then while I speak with Sir Gilbert about matters.  He turned back to Gilbert.  It appears as if they are going to use the first lesson that we taught them today.  We shall use the second.
The second?  Gilbert tossed off the last of his wine and let the glass roll onto the ground.
Quiet appropriate don't you think?  Our men learn fast do they not?
I beg your pardon, my Prince, but I am not sure that I follow you in what you are saying.  What is the second lesson that we taught them today?
Gilbert, man, think about it.  The first is surprise and the second is proper defensive preparation, sentinels and anticipation of the enemies' movements.
Oh, yes quite.  I assumed it was something other than that.  I overlooked the obvious because I thought it to be something more dynamic than that.
Is it not dynamic, as you put it, enough?  Listen we are about to teach them a third lesson.  One which they will not forget.  But my goodness, I am quite appalled at the nonchalance in the actions of our men.  They should have considered this one thing, spies.  They did not and now we shall be ready for them!  again the prince laughed most heartily.  When he recovered from his merriment he turned to the boy.  Lad, are you quite capable of doing what I ask?
I believe that I am, but will not know for sure until you ask it.
Fine answer.  Listen closely.  I am going to send you to collect a few of my men.  I want it to be done speedily, but never to appear so, understood?  We must not appear to be engaged in any preparations whatsoever.  Now here are the men I want you to retrieve for me.  Sir Cranston, Sir Gregory, Sir Marvin, and also the two young men, Adrian and Raleigh.  Tell them that they must come as soon as they can, but not to make appearance of urgency about their business.  Understood?
Yes, Milord.  Sir Cranston, Sir Gregory, Sir Marvin, and the lion brothers.
The lion brothers?  The prince asked immediately.  I said nothing about . . .  then he understood.  I see, that it what they are called already, the lion brothers, eh?
That is what I heard them called by several pages and squires.
Fine then, bring the lion brothers.
With that the lad stood bowed deeply and stepped quickly out of the tent and back into the morning sun.
~
Within fifteen minutes the last participant of the secret conference had lifted the flap of the tent.  As Sir Gregory came in the prince wasted no time in explanation.
Sir, we seem to have a contest going on here that it one of great desperation.  I just received news via one of my little spies that they are planning surprise attack on us just as we break for lunch.  It appears that they have taken to heart the lessons which we have taught them this morning.  We will go on as usual within the camp, or so it will seem, but indeed we will have another surprise for them that will help them to learn again.
Order your men to go about with meal preparations as usual, but tell them to keep their sword at hand.  Do not allow them to take off the leather armor.  They must be ready to meet a charge from any direction, understand?  There was a low murmur of consent within the room.  Excellent then.
The prince bent down and traced with a bit of charcoal on a rug markings to indicate landmarks.  We are on a slight hill.  The hill is just high enough for us to be able to have a distinct advantage.  He told them of the plan and they listened intently with a ever growing admiration of the mind of the prince to work out a cunning battle scheme.
~
A heavily tanned, massive knight stood with his arms folded, closely watching the moving about of the camp across the field.  There seemed to be some unusual stirring, but he could not place anything that was not right.  Yet, he had an odd feeling that something was up, the prince seemed to be very resourceful and he may know of their surprise attack.  Just then a squire walked up to him with something wrapped in a large clothe of some sort.
Sir Chavelle your sword, I have it.  The squire said as he stood beside him.
Sir Chavelle de Chaumont spun around and seized the boy by the ear and twisted.  It was this movement that caused him to fail seeing the emergence of four men from the tent of Sir Gilbert.  Silence boy, if you value your soul and body.  I told you not to say that word as long as we were on this field.  You know of the order against the use or personal possession of any blade within the camp.  You will get us both hanged yet!  He turned to look to see if anyone was quite near enough to hear the word 'sword'.  No one was.  He let go of the ear and thanked the boy.
Now squire, do you see anything unusual across the way?  Look closely.
The squire did, but his untrained eye did not detect anything out of the ordinary.  No, Sir Chavelle, I only see them getting ready for lunch.
Yes that is all I see also, yet there is an intangible indication that something is afoot.  He paused and stared for several long second.  Exactly!  Now look around again.  It had suddenly struck him what was missing.  There were no men standing guard.  No one was watching them.  No posted lookouts, nothing, only men going about their tasks as if there were not another army within a hundred furlongs.  Granted, it was not a real battle, but wasn't that the very thing that the prince had said today.  You must always be prepared!  You see no posted sentries?
None, Sir.
Ah, and there should at least be a few, but there is none.  That makes the scene strange to me.
Not to me Sir.  Chavelle once again looked hotly upon the squire.  He had trained this lad for six years, he had been a faithful boy, and now was becoming quite a fighter.  Sir Chavelle had one regret in his teaching; he had sheltered him from the systematic discipline of feudalism.  Consequently, he verged on insolence and disrespect more often than not.  Although he was mostly right in his suggestions Chavelle found it hard to keep from chafing him.  This moment was one of those times.  Yet, he did not chastise him, he had to keep a clear head.  Besides this squire of his was about to embark on one of the greatest deeds of his life.  He could not afford to have ill between them just now.  So then, he held his tongue.
And why is that my fair man?  Chavelle could not but help to insert a tone of sarcasm into his voice at this question.
Because Sir Chavelle, I believe they know our plans.
What do you mean?  Chavelle was again red-faced, his eyes searching his squire's.  If you let out one word of what we have been instructed to do, I shall slit your throat right now where you stand.  He drew his short dagger from its hiding place and held it in his right hand at waist level.
No, not our plans, but the plans of our side.  Stammered the squire quickly.  I think they know we are going to attack them so they are preparing.  The knight returned the dagger to concealment.
I see no preparations going on, other than those to fill their bellies.
I agree, but you said yourself that something is queer about it all.
I did.  Chavelle gave a slow noncommittal nod.
I propose that they have no sentries, because they need no sentries.  The squire looked upon his master's face to see if it was safe to go on.
I don't yet understand lad, but I am willing to hear out your explanation, if you make it concise and to the point.
They need no sentries because they know we are coming.  They need no one to warn them of a surprise attack because they are aware of it imminence.  The squire waited.
Why would they be aware of it imminence, as you put it, when it is to be a surprise?
Well, Sir, as I was fetching your sw. . . that is, as I was on the errand you sent me, as you know I had to pass out of the camp back to where the arms were left.
Indeed, as I know.  The black haired knight was growing impatient, as was his habit, but he was also thinking of many things at once.  This characteristic of Sir Chavelle, to be thinking of many different things seemingly at the same time, gave him a certain brilliancy in light of the average man, but also made him a very incommodious person with which to keep in one's company, and very difficult to serve.  As I said be concise.
Yes, Milord, indeed I believe I am being so, as much as events will allow me to be.  As I was saying; the arms storage is out of camp.  Since it was guarded and we did not want to get caught going to it or from it I was in hiding from bush to bush as I made my approach behind the tent.  It was from one of these fleeting hiding places where I saw the boy.  At first I was afraid of discovery, but soon realized that he was also hiding and making his way from bush to bush.  After my initial start subsided I watched him for a minute or two, before I went on my way.  Partially from curiosity and partially for safety's sake.
The knight was glaring down on his squire with a look that meant to him that he had best finish what he had to say.  His speech quickened.
It was this same boy I saw running back away from our camp quite some time later while I was returning from my excursion, of which I nearly got caught at.  The squire finished and looked at Sir Chavelle for a reply.
Sir Chavelle face showed incredulity.  So you conclude that this boy was, or is, a spy for the other side and was taken news back to the prince and Gilbert concerning the soon to began surprise attack?
I do sir.
And what did you mean by that last statement that you almost got caught?  You were not seen were you, because if you were our mission is a failure for today and we don't know when we may get another opportunity!
No I was not seen, but I would have been if something, some instinct, had not had warned me.  I was looking beneath the side of the tent just ready to make a stealthy entrance when I stopped short.  Just as I decided to wait two men came in from the front and began to look over the weapons.  I waited until they were gone, stole my way in, quickly found what I was looking for and then left.
At this Sir Chavelle seemed to be very disturbed.  He turned to look away at the camp and then back to his squire.  I must know one thing; did they seem to be inspecting the arms?
I believe it is so.  One carried a list and the other went over the weapons one by one.
Sir Chavelle cursed and clenched his fists tightly together.  This may ruin us, I should have thought of that!  He cursed again.  We may be saved if our attack takes place quickly and is finished before the next inspection, but we don't know how long that will be!  The knight thought for some moments and was near ordering the squire to return the sword when a man began to approach them from the direction of Lambert's tent.  Too late! Too late!  He thought to himself.  We will be attacking now.  The squire saw him also, his face paled as the thought of what he had in his hands being examined by this man might lead to.  He started to turn and leave.  
Stay where you are.  Chavelle whispered to him.  I take care of this.  He stepped forward to greet the man and to partially conceal his squire.
Sir Chavelle the man said when he walked up.
Yes, what is it that you want?
Sir Lambert is requesting the presence of several men in his tent just before we mount our surprise on the prince and Sir Gilbert, you are one of them.
Sir Chavelle was somewhat suspicious but he didn't think that it showed on his face or in his manner, yet he needed to ask one question before he went.  Did Sir Lambert say what he wanted of me?
I believe there are a few small matters about the tactics he wishes to finish up so that we will not fail.  I have told you all I know.  Shall I tell him you are coming?  
I will go straight way with you, if that is fine.
It is fine, only I have one more man to notify before I return to Lambert.  Either you can wait for me or go on your own.
I will go on my own.  That is fine.
Very well then.  With this he started to walk away, but his steps brought him to a vantage point where Chavelle's squire was in full view holding his conspicuous and cumbersome package.  Hello there, what do we have here.  Fine squire you have there Sir Chavelle.  The man made a couple of steps toward the squire and asked, What is your name lad?
The squire looked at Sir Chavelle.  Chavelle's jaw clenched and his face was a blank expression, but ever so slightly he nodded at his squire.
My name is Philippe.  The squire managed to speak without the nervousness that he felt.  He was sure that this man would want to know what it was that he was holding.  He wasn't sure of what to do if he asked, but he hoped for some kind of signal from Chavelle if the question came.  It did.
Well, Philippe, that is a good French name.  What have you got there lad?  He took another step closer to the boy.
Sir Chavelle moved his bulk in one step into the gap between his squire and the man who was sent by Lambert.  I beg your pardon sir, but don't you have another man which you must summon?
Indeed I do.  He gave a short laugh.  Great luck at finding them both at the same time.
Chavelle's face did not register the mixture of surprise, incredulity, and worry that simultaneously came to his mind at this.  You mean the other man is Philippe here, my squire?
The same, of course I did not know he was your squire, but I was told that you would know where to find him and was just about to ask you when I spotted him standing there.  He fit the hurried description I was given so I asked his name.
I see.  Chavelle let these words out in a slow manner, which conveyed the disagreement that he felt at this.  The man was quick to catch the inference.
That is of course, with your permission.  Lambert's understanding was that Philippe here was not in service to you, but I see that is so.  If you wish I shall let him know that.
No, that is fine we will follow along shortly.  Chavelle was beginning to suspect that Philippe was seen after all and this was a ruse to get him into the tent of Lambert to give account of his squire's actions.  His suspicions turned very nearly into fear in the next instant.
Actually, Lambert wanted me to personally see to it that Philippe found his way to the meeting.  If it is not a problem I will wait.
At this Chavelle's temper began to speedily pursue his suspicions.  He came very close to making trouble which he would not have been able to extract himself from.  His hand started to go to his dagger, but instead he clenched it closed and slowly lifted it a few inches in the air to his side.  Sir, I am not one to go against the wishes of a leader, but I am aware that this is not a true battle and I am not bound to Lambert.  This man is my squire and I will decide if and when, and how he gets to where I want him to go.
I understand Chavelle, I shall let Lambert know.
No ill intended, let him know that also.
I shall, and I am sure that none is taken.  We will see you in a few minutes.  With that he turned and was gone, lost almost immediately in the maze of tents that were in abundance in the field.
Chavelle stood there a few seconds longer until he was sure the man was out of sight and hearing.  He then turned toward Philippe.  Hurry and take that into the tent.  He thought for a moment where to hide it just in case they were known and his tent was searched.  Suddenly he knew what to do.  Come with me.  He pushed aside the flap of the tent and they went in.  
Normally, the fires were made and tended outside for cooking, but the late winter chill was still in the air and they had made a small fire in the tent.  It was to this fire, now burnt out, Chavelle went.  He moved aside the few remaining logs, brushed aside the dark coals, and turned to Philippe.  Give me the sword.  Philippe handed him the wrapped sword.  Now go outside and watch that no one comes in here until I come out.  Philippe went.  Chavelle unwrapped the sword and looked lovely on it gleaming blade.  
This was a sword made from the best steel by the best sword maker in all of France.  It was a pity to dirty it the way he was going to, but it could be cleaned.  He tossed off the fabric and grabbing it by the hilt with both hands he drove it into the ground where the ashes lay.  With the power behind the first blow it sunk almost all the way.  Chavelle pushed down until his knuckles were in the ashes.  He had done this very same thing many times before, only on men in battle, never to hide a sword.  When he finished he placed the logs over the hilt and stepped back satisfied.  It was well hidden.  With this he turned and went out to the meeting with Lambert.


My reader, it is I again.  As I write these words down it comes to my mind that you may wonder about the significance of all that is transpiring.  I assure it is very significant.  It is, in fact, the last stretch of lane of a somewhat picturesque countryside.  Before a turning point in the lives of our characters into that of a dark wooded marsh of mystery, intrigue, loyalty, temptation, struggle, loss, and prevalence.  Oh, but I must go on!
The meeting went off without anything coming to the attention of Chavelle which would confirm his suspicions.  Indeed, in truth, nothing was known, but he was simply afraid of detection.  The concern of the meeting was revealed and it was short-lived.  Places were given to different knights and detachments were assigned to those knights.  The arrangements were set and the meeting was broken up.
Why is this significant?  I will shortly show you.  There has been in my most recent recounting of events a certain air of intrigue and underhandedness.  Here it comes alive.  If it was not for the flank command which Chavelle received events would not have transpired in the way that they did.  
Let us join in again to see what happens to our characters.  That is, if you are willing.  Nevertheless, I shall write on.



Chapter IX

A strong wind, moderately rippling the sails, pushed the small ship along at a most advantageous speed to its homeward bound occupants.  For days the sea had been quiet and calm, creating a most evocative atmosphere to the sea-weary sailors.  It had been eight long months since they had left the European mainland on a 'sea-air' voyage in the interest of Baron Godfrey von Dornbirn.
Most of the eight months had been whiled away in small port villages along the French and Spanish coasts, as well as some very shrewd trading in certain ports.  There were a few times when the weather permitted a short, one or two-day journey from land.  These were times when land would fade behind the little ship to leave only ocean and more ocean as far as the eye could see.  Baron Godfrey had to admit it was a sight to behold, yet he was never fully comfortable with the idea of there being no land in sight.  It wasn't meant for him, he said often, this losing sight of a solid place to stand.
The sailors, of course didn't mind it as much, but they went along with his wishes.  Mostly due to the coin which he would produce for them as wages.  It couldn't be spent anywhere on the sea, but would buy whatever trouble a sailor could fight his way out of in port.  This they did more often than anything, trouble was their entertainer, it was their friend.  More than once it came very near to being a more serious matter than fun, but always they seemed to escape just in time.  These narrow escapes often dictated an early departure from port for the Baron and his crew of men.  Again and again it was repeated, but never did these hearty men tire of the life.
Now they were in sight of the port village they called home and where the baron would disembark to began the overland journey to his own estate in Austria.  Austria, truly a land of men!  The baron came to the upper deck to watch as they clipped along toward the growing prospect of land again.  He stood with his legs slightly apart his weight balanced between awareness and relaxation upon his feet.  This he had quickly learned to do after his first encounter with a fierce winter storm at sea.  Now he was finally close to home.  Eight months!  Eight months too long, thought the baron.  Ah!  But I must admit I do feel better.  How is Genevieve faring about now?  My dear wife, the companion of my sorrow and happiness.
Actually, if the baron could have known how his wife fared he would have called to the sailor trimming the sails to hoist them immediately to full capacity, but he did not know, so the sails came down a little at a time to prepare for the navigation of the port.
~
The cry of the wharf market stirred more homesickness within Godfrey as he walked down the ramp with his two servants following behind with some of his belongings.  They threaded their way along the crowded streets amidst the peddlers and shouts of merchants and buyers alike to the most notable inn.  Once there, he gave his name and was immediately given the finest room, the same room he slept in before he left on his sea voyage eight months ago.  His things stowed, he sent the servants back for the rest of his belongings and ordered a bath.
As he was getting ready to soak in the wooden basin amidst the steaming water a knock sounded on the door of the bath room.  He was not yet unrobed so he answered it himself.  It was the steward of the inn.  The short man apologized for disturbing his lordship, but he had forgotten to give him a message when he first came in this day.  It had been so long in waiting for his return that he had all but put it out of his mind.  He handed it to the baron, a note scrawled out on a bit of rough paper.  The baron thanked the man and shut the door.  Beneath the light of a high window he examined the paper.  The words were barely visible and all but illegible.  Here is what was finally made out.

Death awaits, all is lost, do not return.
G. 

 He stared at the note for the longest time after he finally made the words out.  Was it real?  Did the words mean what they said?  All was lost?  All what?  His mind raced out to answer these questions and he saw pictures of horror spring into it.  There was no doubt it was from Genevieve, she always signed her note with that same simple G.  Maybe it was someone else trying to imitate her, but why?  He thought for a while but could not find an answer.  He would find out, he told himself, whether this was fact or foolery.  
By the time he put himself into the tub of water it was beginning to grow cold.  Baron Godfrey von Dornbirn hardly noticed, but was thankful for the clean water at whatever temperature he might gain it.
~
The next morning found the baron settling down to a breakfast in his room.  The inn was a large one and offered every convenience that was possible for the village.  He ate slowly, his mind still milling on the note after a near restless night.  The more he thought about it the more real it became to him.  He felt, if he did not know, it was genuine.  There had been events in the back of his mind that he had never given much thought to that now came out to be viewed in this new, brilliant, and sober light.
~

November 1405. . . Genevieve was a lady-born, but there had been some bad relations, as well as some rather disturbing relationships, in her past.  He had never asked her about it much in their years together.  Baron Godfrey von Dornbirn had lost his previous wife of ten years to the plague.  He was desperately in love with her.  Although nothing can quite match the experience of one's first love he knew that he loved Genevieve even more than his first wife.  He had been smiled on by fortune that both of his marriages were for love and politically sound.
He had rarely spoken of his first wife to Genevieve, for he did not want her to feel as though she had to grow beyond the shadow of a man's previous love lost.  She had asked him simple, sympathetic questions, which he answered candidly.  These questions came more and more often, until Godfrey told her that he didn't want to talk of the past for her sake.  It wasn't that it bothered him, but it was days gone, years past and of no present consequence.  She understood and asked him no more.
Similar questions he asked her on occasion, but she spoke only in vague tones about her past.  She was some eleven years younger than he and he had not really believed that her past was old enough to harbor such secrets that would make her keep them from her husband, but he did not press the issue.  That is until there came a sealed letter to Godfrey Hall addressed to his wife.  She was not there to receive it and he told the courier that he would see to it that she got the letter.  The courier would not give it to him; his orders were to deliver it straight to Genevieve's hands and not any other soul.  He inquired if the lady would be at home on the morrow and was assured that she would be.  The man left and returned the following afternoon with the letter.
Godfrey was ill-tempered at being treated in such a manner with what concerned his own wife.  Although he allowed the courier to make good his promise of delivery he also let him know the disfavor it caused him and saw to it that he was made as uncomfortable as possible to remind him of it.  He had his servants hold the dogs on a chain a short distance from the main entrance as the courier was shown into the waiting room.  When he left the dogs began to set up such a fierce growling with teeth gleaming that the courier began to visibly sweat and seemed as though he would not leave the doorway.  He did though, amidst the din of growls and dripping of saliva.  The baron laughed heartily at the whole scene and was in a satisfactory mood until he returned to his wife in the library where she had retired to read the letter.
He was still enjoying his mirth of innocent revenge when he walked into the library to see Genevieve slumped upon the desk with her head on one arm and the other dangling at her side.  The smile quickly faded as he ran to her, calling her name.  There was no response to his call nor to his gentle shaking after he had come to her side.  He immediately rang for a servant and then carried her to a low couch in the room.  The servant arrived just as he set her slowly down.  It was the old housekeeper, Nadine, who was aghast at what she saw and was near to tears when Godfrey sent her after a cool, damp cloth and some smelling salts.
While he waited he stroked her head in his hands and softly called her name from time to time, but she was not to be aroused.  What could have done this to her?  The letter!  Where was it?  He went over to the desk and found it on the floor where it had evidently fallen.  Stooping to pick it up he saw a name attached to the bottom that sent a chill down his spine.
~
Nadine returned with the cloth and applied it to Lady Genevieve's pale forehead.  The baron took the smelling salts and after trying to rouse his wife one more time finally put them to her nose.  She woke and Godfrey helped her to sit up on the couch and then sat down beside her and took her hand in his.  For the first minute or so, she did not speak and seemed to be trying to figure out what had happened.
The baron waited for her to speak first, but when she didn't for so long he was just about to ask her how she felt when she finally said, I believe I feel better now.  Although the expression on her face did not convey the same impression, she turned to the baron, smiled and kissed him on the cheek.  She tried to stand up, but found that she was still lightheaded so she sat back down.
Sit here until you feel able to stand.  I'll have a servant bring some wine.  Godfrey stood and called a servant to bring some wine and then returned to his place.  As soon as you get some wine in you, I want to ask you about the letter that you received.
Lady Genevieve did not respond, but stared straight ahead.
Dearest, I realize you are shaken, but I want to find out what this is all about.  If it would be better for you I will wait until this evening after dinner and then we will sit in the parlor and talk it over.  He placed his large, powerful hand over hers.
Genevieve nodded.  Thank you love, that would be the best, I believe.  It will give me a chance to straighten it out in my mind.
One more thing, I am going to keep the letter with me.
Genevieve turned her head quickly to him.  She didn't say anything, but when she saw that he had guessed at her intent on destroying the letter between now and dinner she knew there was no arguing.  She deftly slid her hand out from under his, stood, and without waiting for the wine, with the help of the housekeeper made her way out of the room.
A minute later Nadine found the baron sitting on the couch without the lady.  Milord, was I late with the wine?
Not at all, the lady left early.
Shall I return the wine?
No, give it to me.  I have a feeling that I will need it more than she would have anyway.
~

That evening the lady was not at dinner and Baron Godfrey von Dornbirn knew he was going to have a time getting the truth out of his wife.  Later as he straightened up from placing another log on the open hearth he heard the rustling of Genevieve's evening gown behind him.  He turned around and faced her.  She stood there not speaking, but looking directly into his eyes.  The fire light danced on the folds of a lovely gown of deep blue.  Her hair was fixed very lovely with a silver band in it.  The dark of the room accented the depth of her eyes as the light reflected off them, giving them the effect of dancing.  She looked lovely, but Godfrey knew what it was all for, evasion.  He figured he would allow her the comfort of thinking that she had the situation under her control for the time being.
He walked to her and took her hands in his and just looked into her eyes for a long time.  He pulled her over toward the fire.  Let me look at your beauty more closely, in the warmth of the fire.  She turned her head to the side and looked into the fire.  The baron sighed slowly.  This brought her head back up and she looked at him with that expression that every woman keeps in her arsenal for such occasions.  She let a small, thin smile show itself on her lips and spoke with all the energy of her heart and mind with her eyes.  Kiss me.  Kiss me my handsome husband.  Kiss me and forget the letter!  
Godfrey saw it.  His mind raced to trace the line of intent to its end and finally decided he could make the risk of losing this one while enjoying such a pleasure.  Besides, he would not lose.  With this resolution he bent down toward his angel and as his face came to hers, their noses touched, she turned away.  He wasn't shocked, but was frustrated.
Genevieve had seen that hard line of resolution flicker across his brow for the split second.  She knew she had lost already.  Well!  If she was going to lose then he would not get to kiss her.  There was no sense in allowing him to win and be happy about it.  She would was not going to let him kiss her!  Then she felt his hand come upon her cheek and steadily a gentle pressure turned her face back to his.  She tried to press back against his pressure, but couldn't.  It was not that he pressed so, or that she was not strong enough, but there was something about this man that always overpowered her will in times like this.  She could feel herself losing the match, and oddly enough she was almost glad about it.  He knew best, he always did.  Finally, her eyes were looking into his and still he did not kiss her.  Why?  Just get it over with!  But nothing happened.  He just took his hand from her cheek, stepped back, folded his arms and looked at her.  What was he trying to do, anyway?  It wasn't fair!  Still he looked at her a smile crossed his lips.  It was a smile of amusement, of knowing that she was helpless, but did not resent it toward him.  He had won.
Suddenly, she came to him quickly and threw her arms around his neck.  Her head was buried into his chest and she began to softly sob.  His smile vanished and he placed his own arms around her and held her close to him.
So they stood for several long minutes until finally she gently pushed away from him.  He released her and she grasped his arm with both her hands led him to a great chair beside the fire.
The baron sat as directed by his wife.  It was safe to obey her now.  She had relented and proven herself honorable by her submissive surrender.  After nine years of marriage he was still amazed at her virtue, but not surprised at her actions, they were consistent.  She always gave in to him.  He in turn did not abuse that wonderful trust, but loved her all the more for it.  So he sat down and smiled up at her.  His smile was not acknowledged or returned.  His wife turned a sober expression away and walked through the doorway.  Twenty seconds later she returned carrying two large mugs.  They were steaming even in the warming room.  She set one down near another table and brought the other one over to him.
My dear what is this that you bring me?  The baron asked in a half amused, half admiring tone.
It is hot ale, my love, for our talk.  She looked at him with soft, tear-stained eyes.
He took the mug and smiled broadly at her.  Genevieve saw his smile and smiled herself. 
Why, my dearest, I almost believe that you intended all along to tell me of the letter.  He chuckled.  Then why did you put us both through such trouble over it?
I wasn't sure if I was going to tell you or not.  Actually, I came ready to refuse you, sway you, or change your mind, but I could not.  I never can.  I left the ale outside just in case this once I might be able to resist your ways. . . as you can see it is still steaming as a witness to your overwhelming power upon me, your lowly wife.
Now, say nothing of my wife being lowly!  Do not flatter me, just love me and obey what I ask.  This I have seen you do flawlessly for nine years.  It is all I ask of you, but God knows that I receive so much more.
At this Genevieve smiled and placed her hands on the arms of his chair.  Now, my prince, Milord, if you want your kiss it is here!  Her tone was of a light nature and her voice was barely above a whisper.
A husky whisper did answer her.  Nay, my dearest, I would not take from a lady that which she does not first give.  Were I sure you would give I would meet you halfway.
She saw a twinkle in his eyes as she leaned closer to him.  Coolly he leaned forward, lifting his lips to hers.  Several seconds passed and finally she broke away from him.
You must allow me my breath if I am to relate this tale to you, unless you are willing to forget it.  She laughed at him.
Not on your life, though a dozen such kisses may tempt me to temporarily put it out of my mind.  The baron laughed heartily and reached for his ale.  After sipping it carefully he raised his mug toward her, fight fire with fire, they say, though the heat from this drink may never compare to the fire of your lips.
Genevieve laughed again and sat down opposite him.  After tasting her own ale she was quiet for a few minutes as she stared into the fire.  All at once she began this tale:

It all began many years ago and has haunted me every since.  When I was a girl of fourteen my life was changed forever.  My father had become a wealthy merchant man at a young age so there was no want in our household, yet my mother was ever greedy for more.  My father had trouble with her spending habits, but could not convince her that his resources were not impervious to overspending.  She did not listen.  Eventually, things began to become worse and finally we had to begin selling our luxurious possessions to maintain our household.  This only worked for a few years, and then it became more necessary and lucrative holdings were sold off.  We lost land and with it a percentage of our already rapidly dwindling income.
All of this drove my father to drink.  He loved my mother too much to leave her so the only way he could stay with her was to remain in the bottle everyday and fall into bed drunk every night.  Of course things only were compounding worse due to this.  My mother acted as though were still wealthy and kept up a good image with everyone, though I don't believe anyone was fooled by it.  She was always trying to find ways to save her sinking ship and finally she succeeded, with me!  There was a man who had shown keen interest in me even though I was only thirteen at the time.  He was the son of a duke, so he had no want for funds or political clout.  She was determined to give me to him.  At first it seemed all so romantic, like a dream come true.  A man, of money and position, who wanted me for his own, caused my young heart to feel important.  On my fourteenth birthday the betrothal contract was signed, to be fulfilled in two years, on my sixteenth birthday he would come for me.  A certain sum was given for my care and provision that I might not waste away in two years.  Of course I never saw any of it.  It went to my mother.  Though I must admit, to her credit, she did invest it wisely and it helped to plug the hole through which our expenses ever flowed out.
Two years can change a lot, especially at that age and especially when you are a girl.  I found myself not wanting to turn sixteen, dreading the day when I would disappear from the nice town where I lived in the province of Pays de la Loire.  My world had expanded in the year and a half since I was contracted to be sold.  I began to grow.  Comments were made more and more often of my beauty when I went into town to the marketplace and to church.  I knew that I was of an exceptional and rare beauty, but it did not make me feel of great consequence.  It only made the day of my sixteenth birthday seem a more looming sentence than before.  You see I had grown fond of a young boy with whom I would see at mass.  His name was Gilbert Osage.  We had talked and several times he had walked with me as far as his street.  I was growing fonder of him every day.
It is hard for a girl to be faithful in her heart to someone who she has only seen a few times well over a year previous, even more difficult when there is a budding lad of a kind nature to call on for comfort.  Three months before my birthday we were walking home from the marketplace, I had accidentally met him there, when I knew I had to tell him.  I did.  It was one of the most difficult things that I ever did.  After I told him he said nothing till we got to his street.  He told me that he was going to think it over and would let me know that Sabbath what he thought of the whole thing.  It seemed like Sunday would never come.  It did of course and as we walked home I asked him what he was going to tell me.  No guessing or imagining on my part had prepared me for what happened.
He stopped on the side of the street and pulled me close to a building.  He looked straight at me and told me that he loved me and would not let me go.  I didn't know what to say, I just looked at him.  Finally, he asked if I loved him also.  I knew that I did as much as any girl my age could love someone.  He nodded and turned toward the wall.  Reaching beneath his tunic he pulled a small leather case out and opened it for me.  I gasped in near horror at what I saw.  It was full of precious stones and jewels.  There were rings and such gleaming and winking inside the small case.  He quickly closed it and returned it to its place.  Then looking around quickly he pushed me to walking again.  
'These are mine, never mind where I got them, but there are mine and they are enough.'  
'Enough for what,' I asked.  He looked at me and spoke in such a serious voice for someone his age that I was nearly awed.  
'Enough to take you away from Sir Frances Cousteau de Chaumont.  Far, far away.'  I stopped and looked at him.  He wasn't serious!  Was he mad?  Sir Frances Cousteau de Chaumont would mobilize his father's household and knights and would pursue until he found us and killed him!

Here the baron interrupted, The same Sir Frances Cousteau de Chaumont, now duke of the province Champagne-Ardenne, is responsible for the signature on the letter?
Yes, it is the same one.  Genevieve said.
Go on, so this boy, Gilbert, gave his love to you and proposed to escape what is now the Duke of Chaumont?
~

Indeed, I hoped he was only talking, but I knew he was serious.  Oh!  What a thing for a fifteen year old girl to face.  I told him that he couldn't do it.  He only laughed.  
'Do you think that Frances Cousteau is the only man of means in this world?'  He had ways that Cousteau would never find them, if so, could he not fight also?  I said that I did not know.  'You think me not man enough?' I said I was not judging his manhood.  'I will show you what manner of man I can be.'  Suddenly he grasped me, not roughly or wickedly, but with firmness, and gave me such a kiss that it took my breath away!  I had never been kissed by anyone but family and never like that!  He finally let me go and laughed at my astonishment.  'What think ye of that?  Did Cousteau ever give you any such thing?'  When I could speak I chided him sharply.  No, he had not, he could not unless he had wished trouble on his head, for I had been only fourteen and under my father's roof.  I was angry with him for kissing me so, though inside I was afire with this new thing which I never had known before.  In my young heart I knew that no Cousteau could ever kiss like that, years later I was proven right, but that I will tell when I get there.
I told him that although I did enjoy his passionate kiss I would not allow him to sin with me in such a manner again.  He laughed and then said quietly that he was sorry, but hoped he had convinced me.
I did not know the ability to kiss a girl was the determining factor in a man's manhood.'  I told him.  It made him blush and look away.  He said again that he was sorry, but was still serious about his offer of elopement.  'I will let you know in one week.'  We parted ways and for one week all I could think of was that one passionate, burning, stirring kiss.  It was in my dreams at night and in my thoughts all day.  I prayed.  I asked God for grace to erase it from my mind.  It was not erased.  By that Friday my mind was made up to go.  I was preparing myself for a different life when everything was changed.
Saturday morning found four men at our door.  They said I was to come and speak with them.  My mother did not trust them, but they showed her a seal which convinced her.  It was the seal of the Duke of Chaumont, house of Frances Cousteau.  They said that they must speak with me, my mother had me sent for and I came to them.  We walked out into the front courtyard and they spoke something to me which made my ears tingle with fright.  I was to be accompanied to the cathedral on the morrow by all four of them in the event Gilbert recovered enough to try and attend so he might keep his engagement with me.  Suddenly, I was scared.  I asked what happened to him.  They would tell me nothing except that we had been seen and the information had been extracted from Gilbert by various means.  Was he alright? They would not tell me.  I started to cry and ran back into the house.
That night they lodged in our house.  It was the beginning of another event which changed my life.  My brother stayed up late with them playing various games of wager and drinking.  He was spellbound by the tales which they told and he told them that he wanted to return to the house of Cousteau with them.  At first they only laughed, but when he beat them out of all their money, Chavelle was good at such games - very intelligent and conniving, they quit laughing.  They struck a deal.  Chavelle would be allowed to return with them for the payment of the wager returned.  In three months when I was to be brought back to Sir Frances they would know if he could stay or not.  It was settled and they went to bed after another round of wine.
The next day was the Sabbath and although I didn't want to go to mass, I was told that I had to go, so I went.  Gilbert was not there and I was accompanied by two of the men the other two stayed at our estate to get ready for the journey and also to finalize arrangements with my father and mother concerning the departure of my brother.  Mass seemed dull and depressing that morning, I did not want to be there.  The absent prospect of seeing Gilbert made everything dark and gloomy.  I received many an odd look with the two men accompanying me, though no person, overcome by their evident curiosity, nerved themselves enough to approach and make discreet inquiry.
That night they left with my brother.  I was warned again not to try and make contact with Gilbert by any means, that he and I were being watched.  I was terribly frightened and looked upon the next years of my life with great despair.  The next three months went by much faster than I wanted them to, though I held to them with all my strength and tried to prolong them as much as was humanly possible.  I occupied myself from light until dark and far into the night to try and keep the next day from coming.  Once during this period of anxious torture I saw Gilbert, he saw me also.  He was across the market place from me.  My heart leapt as I saw him, but as suddenly as our eyes met, he turned and began to walk away.  It was not soon enough though for me to not catch a glimpse of his battered face, some of the scabs were still there while others had fallen off to give way to scars.
At first I was hurt that he hid from me.  I thought he was ashamed of his wounds, but when I tried to follow him I saw a man step from the crowd and face me across the way.  His eyes bore straight into mine and I knew he was watching me and Gilbert.  It was then that I realized Gilbert had turned away, not out of shame or embarrassment, as I had thought, but out of concern for me, for I knew him to not be afraid.  No doubt he was feeling the same rushing tide of emotion which I had felt, as one a seeing loved kindred spirit, friend and lover.  It made tears come to my eyes and I finally spun around and walked home in a daze with slow, sad tears making their way down my face.  I got home and all but fell at the base of my favorite tree in the garden.  I must have cried myself to exhaustion for several hours later, well past dark; a servant came and stirred me to call me into the house and to bed.
~

Here came a pause in Genevieve's saga.  The baron could see that his wife was somewhat disturbed by the memory of this story.  After sipping again on his ale, which had cooled considerable from the beginning of the story, he stood and went to the fire.  Placing another small log on the fire he restored the blaze that had seemed to dwindle concurrently with the sadness of the tale.  The blaze renewed baron Godfrey went to his wife and sitting on the ottoman beside her chair, took her hand in his and caressed it warmly.  He would give her opportunity to continue at her comfort.
~
Genevieve was more emotional that she showed.  She was not sure if her loving husband knew just how emotional she was.  She knew that he understood her enough to see that she was affected, but she alone between them knew the source of this deep and welling emotion that was coming into her heart and mind.  It did not come entirely from the part of the story which she had related, but came more from what she knew lay ahead.  She could already feel the wistful sense of long forgotten and momentous memories began to sweep across her heart.
~
After a moment the baron stood and went back to his chair.  It was not long until Genevieve continued.
The three months are really insignificant except that they were an existence in an earthly hell.  What followed was indeed, I believe, a more realistic interpretation of hell as it exists.  Sir Frances de Chaumont was true to his word, not to his moral credit, but to his lustful passions.  He came on the day marking two years from the signing of the betrothal.  There was a small dowry paid, mostly from my mother's secret holdings.  The wedding was set for the following month at the ageless Cathedral of Chartres in Eure-et-Loir, just southwest of Paris.
I was taken by the ladies in waited of the house of Chaumont to the estate.  There they measured me and tailored all sorts of fancy clothing, as well as the most exquisite wedding dress.  It was all very nice, but it was for a day that I dreaded with all my heart.  The month came and went in a blur of banquets, baths, and oils.  Finally as the wedding day approached a caravan was prepared to take me and the ladies to the city of Chartres for the ceremony.  We arrived and went to a reserved lodge.  There I was prepared for the next day.  The day I dreaded with all my heart.  I had not seen much of Sir Frances in the last few days, but every time that I did see him, he was cold to me and only stared at me with hungry eyes.  There was no love, no admiration, only cold calculation, like I was a war horse that he wanted to purchase.  I knew that I was not important to him but for his desire and to show off throughout his public appearances.  I was of no more value than one of his luxurious broaches that he so flamboyantly pinned on his tunic.
Before the night closed, though I found myself with renewed hope for the future.  There came a boy up to the room where I was staying and told my handmaid that he had a message for me.  She told him that I was not to receive any messages than those sent directly from the house of Cousteau.  Quickly the boy replied that he had indeed been sent by the same house and had a very important and time-sensitive message.  After a minute or so he convinced her to let him speak with me, but only in the proximate presence of herself.  He could give the message just outside her hearing.  I came outside into the ante-room.  What I saw almost made me gasp, but I knew at that same instant if I did that all would be lost.  It was Gilbert's best friend.  I had only seen him a few times, but there was no question in my mind who it was, though I never knew his name.
When I came to him he held out his hand, as if to greet me, and pressed within my grasp, a ring, which I slid into my belt as soon as I could effectively evade the watchful eye of the handmaid.  'I do not know your name,' I told him.
'That is of no importance.  What is important is that you are ready for the morrow.'  He said in a manner which was neither mysterious nor informative.
'What do you mean?'  I asked him.
'You must be ready at the altar.'  He said again in the same tone, as if I knew what he was talking about.  I looked at him with a questioning expression.  He smiled.  Suddenly, I knew.  Gilbert!  
'The altar is very important to you.  It will come when you reach the altar.'  His words were slow and deliberate.
I played along with his game.  'He must understand this is the first time for me, I am afraid I don't know what to do when I get to the altar.  I might not know which way to turn.'
At this he smiled again.  'You must turn left.  You will see him and he will tell you what to do.  When it is time, you will know.'
'But why, is it not dangerous?'
His expression suddenly grew worrisome, and he indicated for me to be careful with his forefingers crossed over one another and a slight shake of his head, almost imperceptible.
'All things done shall be repaid.  It is foremost for you and for his love for you, but also for the honor of the Osage household, such as has happened to him cannot be forgiven, only avenged.  I must go now.  Do you understand?'  He stepped back a little ways and cast a quick glance up to the approaching handmaid.  I nodded that I did and turned away.
When I had an opportunity and was alone I looked at the ring which he gave me.  It was superb in its design and craftsmanship; a sapphire set in a scrolled band of solid gold!  I could hardly believe my eyes.  Out of curiosity I slid it on my finger, it fit almost perfect!  Taking it off again I looked at it more closely and noticed the inside of the band was inscribed.  It read, My Dream.  I put it back on and with a fluttering heart prepared for the night.
~

The next morning came early, though the night had not brought sleep or rest.  I felt better than I had in months despite the lack of rest.  I knew that I had a hope for the future.  Somewhere out there was a boy, whom I loved, that was willing to risk everything for me, against a man whom I did not love, and who did not love me.  Suddenly, a grim thought came into my mind.  What if Gilbert did not succeed and he was killed?  I could hardly stand the thought and so I banished out of my mind.  Gilbert knew the stakes, and he knew what he was doing.  He would not fail!
Indeed, I was right!  I will get right to the most important part.  All of the long ceremony went by quickly, while I diverted my thoughts to what was going to happen at the 'altar'.  Then the time came to find out!  My cue was given and I began to walk in the procession of girls.  Some bearing candles, some bearing flowers, and the rest holding the train of my wedding gown.  If this marriage to any other man I would have been excited about going through with the beauty of the occasion, but I knew that I could not.  I was ready to risk all for that one signal, that one moment of chance when I was to turn left.  Turn left and what?  He would signal me, I must trust him.  
Finally, the time came!  I was approaching the altar, the young girls scurrying this way and that to their respective ceremonial positions, and the others spreading the train out.  My heart was beginning to pound!  Here I was, now what?  When?  Suddenly, for the first time, I was scared out of my mind!  For the first time, I questioned my sanity!  For the first time, I thought of backing out.  There I was the seconds slowly ticking by, time running out.  Sir Frances Cousteau was grinning his wild, desirous grin and walking the three steps toward me.  It had to be now, but could I do it?  An eternity passed between the first footfall and the second.  Two steps away!  It had to be now!  My heart was pounding so hard that I could feel it in my neck and temples.  I could hardly hear for my ears ringing!  Forget it!  I thought.  I was scared!  Another step came and then a brief pause.  I could see on his face that Frances was puzzled by my immobility.  Had I not been properly instructed to turn toward him when he approached?  I hesitated an instant more, started to turn toward Frances Cousteau and my sealed fate of misery, when I heard a sharp, distinct, and familiar voice hiss, 'NO!  Turn left!'
Frances and several others heard it also, but by the quick glances around he did not know where it came from, but I did!  I turned quickly to the left.  Instantly I saw him behind several men, which wore light armor, odd for a wedding.  Although his face was the only thing visible, I knew that he must be armed also.  His face!  It was scarred, but by no means were his handsome features hidden, only enhanced by these scars of love.
I took a step toward him.  In that split second, when my foot met with the floor, a silently rustling shaft flew by me and I heard it hit its mark with a soft 'schump'.  There was a scream of pain.  I ran toward Gilbert.  Before I had taken four steps the air seemed to be filled with deadly shafts from the hidden archers and then the subsequent agonizing screams.  I ran faster.  Three more steps brought me to Gilbert.  The men parted and Gilbert grasped me in his arms.  I turned to look back.  The men were closing around us, drawing their swords as they did.  Before the gap came together I saw that four men in the wedding party were down on the floor, arrows hideously protruding out of their chest or back, bleeding out their life's blood.  I looked for Sir Frances Cousteau, he was down upon one knee wrenching on an arrow shaft embedded in his thigh.
Gilbert as if sensing my thoughts said, 'Do not worry he will live, I could not allow my men that guilt, they aimed for his thigh.'
In that instant a quick-thinking girl ran forward and grasped the long train of my dress.  I was pulled back toward her as more ran forward and held to the same.  Gilbert let me go and whisked out his sword.  He ran behind me and lifting the back of my dress away from my body, sliced through it with one swift stroke.  Immediately, the tugging pressure on me ceased and I nearly fell to the floor.  Gilbert thrust his sword back into its scabbard and deftly picked me up and ran!
~
We came into an unoccupied passageway, and he set me down on my feet.  'Are you alright, Genevieve?  Can you run?'  Still too shocked to speak I nodded and he grasped my hand and tugged me after him.  We ran down the passageway toward the rear of the cathedral.  At the end there was a turn and then a door.  Two men stood in front of the door with swords in their hands.  Shouts were audible from the way we had come and I thought we were finished, when one of the men grinned broadly as he looked at me.
'I understand now Milord.  I would charge hell with a bucket for this lady also, were I you.'  With that he stepped aside and opened the door.
There was a narrow set of steps leading down.  They did not go down far and at the base I could see light shining on the first few steps.  We went down rapidly and out into the bright sunshine.  There were two more men there with a large number of horses tethered.  Gilbert dragged me toward a large, powerful-looking grey.  As he pulled me along he asked me if I could sit astride without falling off.  I said that I could.  One of the men ran over and helped me to mount my horse, then Gilbert.
'I wish I could stay and flash my steel with you, but I know that I have a battle ahead of me anyhow.'  Gilbert turned to the man as he spoke.
'Nonsense, get you gone!  They will be on us in time and you must be gone with this lovely rose.'  He turned and went back to the base of the stairs.  
Gilbert spurred his mount into a dead run and mine followed just behind him.  As we clattered down the byway, I began to hear the cry of 'To arms, to arms!  The House of Cousteau, to arms!' then we made a turn and I heard nothing more.

Dear reader, I will spare some details of your reading.  Yet, I shall give you the account in its most basic and significant facts.  Our brave lad Gilbert did escape with his Dream, Genevieve.  A furious and wild skirmish ensued in their wake.  Not counting the four dead within the cathedral's walls, three more were killed of the House of Cousteau and six wounded.  Because they were already prepared and armed the House of Osage escaped nearly all intact.  One man was wounded and the messenger who had come to Genevieve the night before was caught, identified, and post-haste beheaded.
Though accompanied by this horribly sad news the rest of the party made the rendezvous with Gilbert and that night they enjoyed a quiet celebration of victory.
This victory was short-lived, for five days later as the small party made its way out of hiding and into the town of Orleans; they were spotted by the men of Chaumont who had surged out in all directions in search of them.  They did not know they were found out, so they went merrily into the city and found lodging for the night.
Gilbert and Genevieve's plans were to be wed the following week and had agreed to maintain discretion until then.  But the wedding was not to be.  That night a small band of Cousteau's men surrounded the inn and came bursting in with swords and savage yells of revenge.  A tremendous fight of valor and rage ensued, but those on watch over Genevieve's room were bested and killed, while Gilbert was trying desperately to fight his way to her.  He was wounded and passed out in the process.  His men seeing that Genevieve was taken captive spirited him away to safety in the night, to fight another day.
Genevieve came to no harm that night, but was subjected to the worst of social degradation for the remaining years.  The House of Cousteau could not brook such a mark upon their social standing and reputation.  They got a silent revenge worse than the grave.  Sir Frances Cousteau de Chaumont, in the presence of two witnesses of the cloth, spat upon the wedding contract.  A hired doctor lied and 'found' her to be no longer a maiden worthy of a 'holy' marriage, so she was returned to her house in shame and disgrace.  There she remained for two years a broken-spirited soul.  Dejected and rejected.  Her mother beat her and cursed her for her actions and never let her forget what a child of the devil that she was.
This went on until one day while she was on one of her rare trips to town she was seen by a man.  While she was at the fruit table a man walked up to her and engaged in conversation in a tender tone.  She was fearful and distant at first, but his words were comforting, his tone was soothing and soon he had her name.  He spoke to her some time and asked if he might call upon her on the morrow.  She said that he could not, but that he would meet him here again.  Finally, they both turned to go.  Genevieve asked his name.  He said it was Baron Godfrey von Dornbirn.


Chapter X

We return to April 1413 . . . Sir Chavelle readied his mount for the surprise attack.  He would only need the horse until he was ready to strike, then he would take to foot.  He checked the sword again.  It was safely in its place.  The handle had been disguised by wrapping cloth on it.  He had covered the blade with the wet soot from the fire pit and hoped it would keep it from shining in the morning sun once it was pulled from its scabbard.  His job done he would return to France for his pay and promised position in the House of Cousteau in Chaumont.
The signal was given.  He climbed into the saddle and motioned for Philippe, as well as the rest of his flank command to follow him.  They began to move nearly without further preparation or sound toward the southwest, away from the opposite camp at a near right angle.  The plan was to come around in the small wood, post the men on the edge and await the signal to attack.  When the signal came they were to climb along the ridge-back of the small hill and take the camp from the west.
Chavelle walked his horse over to Philippe.  You are ready lad?
I am sir.  Philippe felt a bit nervous about the whole ordeal, but he knew that he was ready to go through with it.  Just let me know when you are ready.
Good, I will.  With that Chavelle tapped his horse into a fast walk and rode to the front of the men, hooves kicking up little clouds dust with a quiet thumping.  He led them down into a low wash, then along it for about forty meters, then back out again.  They were hidden from view of the prince's camp and began to make their way into the wood.  After slipping through the underbrush on the outskirts the men spread out on the soft pad of earth and the previous autumn's fallen leaves.  No sound was made but for the occasional whisper of movement or men.  As the forty men neared the opposite side of the wood they slowed and began to take positions of concealment.
They could just see the southwest side of the camp from where they waited.  Activity was very low and there seemed to be a lack of concern for another attack.  The air was beginning to warm and the shade felt good to the men.
Sir Chavelle called Philippe to him as he dismounted.  He left his horse to stand and they walked a little ways off where they could talk privately.  When Chavelle felt that they were out of earshot of the rest of the men he stopped.
I want to go over it with you again, Philippe, in a more detailed manner now that we are ready to begin.  Now, I will lead the charge and you are to remain with me at all times.  When the two sides come together and all elements are involved it will give us the opportunity that we need.  At my signal you will take command of our flank, I will dismount, making it look as though I was knocked off, and you will mount on my horse.  Before that happens though, we must locate Sir Gilbert.  Once he is located I will press our men in that direction then I will give you the signal.  Once I do and I dismount your job is to make as much distraction as possible so that I can do what I must with minimal detection.  Are you with me so far?  Sir Chavelle inquired in a hushed voice.
Yes, sir, I understand that I will stay with you, wait for your signal, mount your horse, take command and create distraction.  Philippe dutifully and accurately repeated back to him.
Good, now another thing.  After I finish with Gilbert I am going to signal you as best as I can.  You are to come to me as quickly as possible and we will change positions again.  Also, there is one more item of business besides that.  Chavelle reached into the large leather bag at his side and pulled out a long surcoat identical to the one that he was wearing.  There were no markings on either of them, but they were unique enough in design and cut to be noticed and identifiable.  You are to put this on right now.  When I feign falling off the horse I will take mine off immediately, and stow it in my bag.  I have another set of clothes on underneath which are nondescript.  I will not be noticed when I give the blow to Sir Gilbert.  When we meet again I will replace the surcoat and you will dismount, then take yours off.  It shall work beautifully.  Chavelle's voice grew low and seemed to growl out a sadistic pleasure at the end of his instructions.  Philippe face looked as though he were looking at a genius of stratagem and a divine being.  His expression showed a glow of admiration that bordered on worship of Sir Chavelle.
Yes, Sir!  You are brilliant, if I might say such of you.  
Chavelle was not flattered, but accepted the praise as though he were.  You may say such any time that you wish.  He slapped Philippe on the back loudly as they walked back to the rest of the men.
~
As the two men turned to go, a figure quietly begin to stand from its crouching position in the brush adjacent to where the conversation took place.  The figure finished standing and then peered through the shrubbery to get a good look at the surcoat which both men wore and then the brush came back together as he silently slid away.  Once out of the range of hearing of the other men he ran.  He followed the wood to a spot that was hidden from view of Chavelle's men and then emerged, heading for the prince's camp.
~
Adrian had been given a small detachment of twenty men to guard the southwest flank of the camp against a surprise attack.  Sir Gilbert and the prince had given out various commands and had elected to simply watch the progress of what was to come.  Adrian had wisely decided that the attack on his side would come from the small wood which grew along the brook to the south of camp.  He had sent a young page out to watch for the enemy and was even now waiting for him to return with anything that he had seen.  Just then he heard the sound of feet running and then heavy panting behind him.  It was the scout he had sent out, he was covered in sweat.
Milord.  Adrian felt odd with this page calling him so when he was only a few years older than him.  I must speak with you.
Yes, of course, but first you need to catch your breath.  Adrian laughed.
Yes, but they are there, hiding.
Ah, just as I thought they would be.  Good job, I will get the men ready to meet them.  Adrian turned to leave, but the lad grabbed on to his shirt.  Adrian turned to him with a puzzled expression.
Pardon me.  The boy removed his grip from the shirt.  There is something else that I must tell you which is more important.  Adrian's attention was to be had at this and he waited for the boy to continue.  I heard some men talking in the wood, away from the others.  A pause as the lad took several breaths.  They were planning something.  I don't know what it was, but I know that it was wrong.
They are all about plans, that is a part of the game.
No, this had to do with a 'blow' to someone.  It was a secret plan.  They were even going to change surcoats during the attack in order to not be known, so that after they were finished they could not be identified.  The boy paused again, this time he had to wait longer to catch his breath.
Adrian reached down for his water bag and offered it to him.  The boy took it and drank thirstily.  When he finished drinking Adrian asked him, Now you say it was a secret plan?  Do you know who it was that was speaking?
Yes, it was a secret plan.  They were hard to hear for all of their whispering and there were only two of them.  I only know that the man who was giving the orders called the younger man, Philippe, I think he was his squire.  I did not hear the other man's name used.
Philippe.  . .Philippe.  It does not sound familiar to me.  Adrian took back the water bag.  Would you be able to identify them if you saw them, even while we are fighting?
I believe I would.  I took a good look at them before they went out of sight to see what kind of surcoat they were talking about.  I think I would know it anywhere.  
~
Suddenly, a man signaled that men were coming from the wood.  In the same instant a horn blasted from the other side of the hill.  The men from the wood broke out into a dead run, with a man on a horse leading them.
Adrian turned toward the scout that he had sent out.  Keep with me lad, I need you to help me identify the man.
Yes sir.
Adrian listened to the sound of the approaching men he watched as his men held their position of concealment in the small shrubbery below him on the hill.  Adrian and the scout occupied a hiding place on the ridge of the hill, the other men were on either side; ten to the left, ten to the right.  They were ready.  The ambush would be a complete surprise and would compensate for their lack of numbers.
Adrian was shooing away a loud fly when his arm was gripped unexpectedly by the boy.  He turned to look at him.  Sir that man on the horse is one of the men.  I believe the man behind him is the other.  Yes it is them.
Adrian could see that they were both wearing the same surcoat, just as the boy had told him.  You are sure?
I am, there is no doubt in my mind.  The boy said emphatically.  The man running behind the horse is the one whose name is Philippe.  He is the one who is to take the horseman's place while he 'deals the blow'.
Adrian of a sudden felt a sense of urgency.  This was a serious matter indeed.  Something was amiss in it all.  He turned quickly to the boy again, for they were now halfway up the ridge.  Quickly, who was the man that they were trying to reach, do you remember?
The boys face looked pained and scared, he realized by the expression and urgency in Adrian's voice that it was important that he remembered.  He could not!  I don't remember.  I . . . think it was . . . I can't remember!  Wait is was a knight for he called him 'Sir'.
A knight?  Come on think lad, which one?  Adrian shook his arm.
I don't know!
It was not the prince?
No, of that I am sure.
Was it Sir Gregory . . .
No.
Marvin?
No.
Cranston, Gilbert. . .
That's it!  Gilbert!  That is the man.  He said that he had to locate Sir Gilbert before they exchanged places.  It was Gilbert, I remember now.
My God, what are they planning?  Adrian turned back to see the progress of the oncoming men.  They were almost to the point of ambush.  He turned back to the boy and spoke rapidly.  Go!  Run and tell Raleigh that he must bring his rear guard around to the west side and to keep an eye on Sir Gilbert and the prince.  Hurry!
The boy took a last look at the men charging up the hill and jumped up and ran.  He was spotted immediately and the man on the horse pointed to him running up the hill and spurred his horse onward.  Adrian waited three more seconds and then stood up from his hiding place, and signaled down to his men.
~
Chavelle was trotting his horse up the hill with his men following when he saw a boy jump up from a small bush and take off running up the hill.  He spurred his horse ahead to full speed.  Hurry men he will warn them of our approach and the game will be lost again.  He shouted behind him.  As he turned back to look at the hill a stout lad stood up and lifted his hand up, then drew his wooden sword.
Suddenly, the bushes all around them came alive and they were flanked by men on both sides.  An ambush!  They already knew!  No matter, it was just a game.  What he had to do was more important and that was not known.
Up the hill men!  He shouted, but he realized that they were now engaged.  His men could not advance until they had thrown off this ambush.  Frustrated he turned and joined the fray.  Philippe was grappling with another boy who had a hold of his surcoat, both of them had lost or broken their wooden swords and were now going hand-to-hand.
Curse you!  Chavelle hollered into the group of ambushers as he drew his wooden sword.  He tried to press his way toward Philippe who had become separated from him, but could not.  Men from both sides blocked his way.  He had ridden too far ahead of the group for Philippe to stay with him.  He bellowed his frustration and was on the verge of crashing his horse through the men, illegally, to get to Philippe when he felt a terrific blow on his thigh.  This time he bellowed even louder, not from frustration, but from pain and rage.  He turned to see the same boy who had given the signal grinning at him as he advanced again with a wooden sword.
Chavelle turned his horse to face him.  It is all in fun and games, but you have struck the wrong man.
Nay!  I have found the one I seek.  Adrian growled out.
Chavelle spurred his horse and came at Adrian with his sword held high.  Adrian moved to the left away from Chavelle's sword.  Chavelle turned again.  This time Adrian waited and did not move.  Just as the horse came onto him he dove to Chavelle's left and completely out of range of the large wooden sword.  Before Chavelle could turn again, he rolled over and up onto his feet.  Then as Chavelle was turning he ran up behind his horse and gave the man a blow across his back.  The turn abruptly ceased and his body stiffened upright and then he screamed out.
It was then that Adrian knew he was in trouble.  If this man meant to deal a 'blow' to Sir Gilbert, it was not going to be with a wooden sword, but some other real weapon.  He realized that if this man was willing to risk trouble with the king, by playing illegally in the melee that he may not withhold with him.  He thought of running, but instead he held his ground.  The man did turn finally and came toward him, not running, but at a slow walk.  Adrian gripped his wooden sword in both hands, spread his legs and waited for the man to strike.  He didn't.
~
When Chavelle turned what he saw nearly relieved the pain in his back and shoulder.  His men were throwing off the ambush.  The other side was asking quarter and stepping back, admitting they had been beaten.  He walked his horse up to the boy.
Little boy, your pathetic ambush is routed.  Why don't you ask for quarter and admit that you have been bested by Sir Chavelle de Chaumont!  Chavelle grinned his wicked smile and laughed.
I shall not!  Adrian shouted back to him.
Come now, I wouldn't want to unnecessarily hurt you.  Chavelle shouted back to him.
Just as you would not hurt Sir Gilbert unnecessarily?  Adrian asked loudly.
Chavelle checked his mount and looked at Adrian in a quizzical expression.  The seconds ticked by until the horse threw its head impatiently, jingling the bit in its mouth.  I know not who you are or what you speak of lad, but I think that I will have an opportunity to hear you out after this melee is done with.  Chavelle finally spoke.
You may have to hear more than me when it is all finished, Chavelle de Chaumont!  Adrian retorted back to him.
There is a certain tone which you have taken with me that I dislike.  I believe that I shall take the opportunity to adjust it right now!  With that he kicked his mount fully with his spurs and came right toward Adrian.  Adrian did not realize until it was too late that Chavelle meant altogether to run him down.  Adrian prepared himself to jump away, but he knew it was hopeless; Chavelle's horse was too close!  Just then somebody hurtled in the side of Adrian and sent him flying, then toppled right on to him.  They tumbled through the dust and then came to rest.  Adrian lifted up his head to see who it was and was glad to see Raleigh smiling back at him.  Raleigh smile faded as soon as it had come and he sprang to his feet as he looked over Adrian's shoulder.  Chavelle had turned and was bearing down on them again!
Up Adrian, here he comes again.  Raleigh shouted over the sounds of the engagement.
By this time Adrian had gotten a little of his wits about him and shouted back to Raleigh.  Either side of him!  When he comes by, we'll pull him off his horse!  Quickly Adrian scrambled to his feet and took up a position about six feet away from Raleigh.  The horse came on rapidly and just when Chavelle had spotted which was Adrian and bore down on him, he knew it was a mistake.  He tried to stop and wheel his horse away from the trap, but Raleigh was quick as lighting!  He dove and grasped him around the midriff, pinning his left arm to his side.  Chavelle let out a grunt.  If Raleigh was quick to take advantage, Chavelle was quick to recover.  He leaned away from him and began to pound Raleigh on the back of the neck with his free hand.  Raleigh grimaced from the pain and finally cried out.  Suddenly, Chavelle found himself in the vicious embrace of another tiger, Adrian.  Adrian had seized the moment and had a hold of his leg, with the other arm clawing for his pounding fist.  Finally while Chavelle's arm was returning from the fourth blow Adrian got his grip on it!  Chavelle bellowed rage and kicked his left leg loose from beneath Raleigh's chest and jammed it into Raleigh's side over and over again, with the force of a blacksmith's hammer.  Raleigh cried out again and nearly let go.  Chavelle sensed Raleigh's grip loosen and spurred his horse forward, flinging Raleigh off of him and to the ground with a 'thud'.  Adrian held on with all his strength as the horse bolted forward.  Chavelle was already leaning to the right and now that the weight of Raleigh had been shed it left him slightly off-balance.  Normally, he would have recovered, but Adrian was pulling on him and within two or three bounds of the horse he was off and onto the ground!  
For the second time Adrian tumbled a little ways down the hill with another body crushing him into the crackling bushes and dirt.  They stopped and broke apart, coming to their feet rapidly at the same instant.  As Adrian's chest heaved he looked across four feet of space to see a man with murder in his eyes.  Chavelle's chest was also heaving, but not from exertion, it was from fury, and undoubtedly pain from the fall.
You are the son of a stable hand.  You should have never, never interfered.  For that and this, He indicated the dirt and twigs covering him I will kill you!  The cold murderous tone sent a chill through Adrian limbs.  He saw as Chavelle reached down to his leg, slowly as if he were reaching for something he had hidden there.  A dagger!  It must be a dagger!
Adrian spoke without thinking.  So, you have a dagger on your person in the melee.  That is what you were speaking of when you said that you were going to give Sir Gilbert a 'blow'.  You were going to try to kill him weren't you?
What do you know?  You lie.  Chavelle was momentarily checked in his progress toward Adrian.
I do not lie!  I had a scout sent out to the wood to wait and see if men would come from that way.  They did, you did, with your men.  He watched as you came over nearly upon him.  Everything that you spoke to Philippe was heard.  I know you were planning to do something to Sir Gilbert.
Chavelle was finished talking, he was going to silence this boy with his bare hands!  He went toward him again.
Adrian was about to cry out for Raleigh when a horse trotted right up, bumped into Chavelle, and sent him down to the dirt again.  Adrian was so tempted to laugh from relief and humor but did not.
Chavelle at once was back on his feet.  Who dares to do so to me?  I would challenge you!  Know you not who I am?  He was in a blind rage now.  He did not know who had done this, nor did he care, but someone was going to pay, someone was going to die!
The voice that answered him, though he did not recognize it sent ice into his veins.  I did, and I care not for who you are.  Adrian recognized the voice immediately.  It was the prince!  You behave unseemly for the king's games.  I think that you have something to answer for.
I have nothing to answer for!  I say again I would challenge you.  Chavelle began to walk to the speaker's horse, his surcoat now torn and filthy.  His hair was in disarray and caked with mud and dirt.  His face as well looked to be that of a contestant in a mud pit.  It was quite a sight and would have been very laughable were it not for the murder in his eyes.
I say you do have something to answer for, and I cannot accept your challenge.  The voice coolly responded.
This man's self-righteous attitude was beginning to cause the last vestige of Chavelle's temper to snap.  Nay?  You cannot accept because you are a coward!  You are afraid and will not fight me fair on equal terms.  Chavelle shouted.
You are wrong my friend, I am not a coward, for I would break you in two for my dogs to eat.  I cannot accept your challenge to a duel for one simple reason.  I am the crown prince.  The voice was even colder.
Chavelle's stride halted and he stared, blinking several times.  The white's of his eyes appeared like small lamps turning on and off against the contrast of his dirty face.  Finally, he managed a few stammering sounds.
Sir Gilbert.  The prince called over his shoulder.  Sir Gilbert appeared a few moments later a horseback.  I want this man taken to my tent.  I want his horse brought along as soon as it is caught.  He turned back to Chavelle.  Do you have a squire?
Chavelle only looked at him through eyes that brooded defiance.
I say.  The prince said to no one in particular.  The man does not seem to understand the King's English when asked a question.  He stepped his horse up to him until he was looking down on him from the large stallion.  Maybe you didn't hear me.  I asked if you had a squire.
Still no answer from Chavelle but burning eyes of anger, though he did seem to be a bit intimidated by the prince's move.
Obviously, he does.  Don't worry we shall find him shortly.  Henry continued on in an even tone with the air of one speaking of a lovely deer playing in the field, nonchalant, and easy.  You must know that they say many things about me.  They say that I am a drunkard, even some say a coward.  Not afraid of men, but responsibility.  It is true to some degree, I suppose.  I did not ask for my lot in life, and I might have chosen something different.
That is not all they say about me though.  The prince's face turned livid and that fire, which Arian had seen before came into his eyes.  With a swift motion prince Henry flipped his left foot free from the stirrup and kicked Chavelle in the chest.  Chavelle attempted to stop the blow with his hands, but in not expecting it, he went stumbling backward, almost losing his balance.  They say that I also have a dreadful temper.  I am beginning to agree.  Don't you?  With this the prince laughed as he replaced his foot in the stirrup.
Chavelle did not laugh.  He coughed as he put his hand to his chest.  Finally, he spoke.  I understand the gesture made by the prince toward I, Chavelle de Chaumont, of the house of Cousteau, is not chivalrous.  Knowing that I cannot challenge you, nor can you accept, I challenge one of your men.  With this he turned toward Adrian.  I, Chavelle de Chaumont, challenge you to a duel in the king's lists in one month's time.
Adrian could not reply.  He turned toward the prince for help, but the prince only looked back toward him with patient anticipation in his eyes.  Adrian looked back toward Chavelle.
Do you decline?  Chavelle asked.  Do you dishonor your prince and your father, by declining?  Do deny that you are a devoted man of the king and his son Henry?  That you are at their disposal life and limb?  Do you fear that . . .?
ENOUGH!  Adrian screamed.  I shall fight you and if you are blessed you shall escape with your life!  Adrian face was flushed red with anger and he felt almost like crying.  He turned to look at the prince again.  Prince Henry smiled approvingly and nodded with pride toward Adrian as he reached over and patted his horse on the neck.  Just then the men with Sir Gilbert showed up and took hold of Chavelle's arms.
Adrian looked at Chavelle.  Chavelle's face was one of mocking laughter, though he did not utter a sound.  When the men tried to lead him away, he tore from their grasp and stood where he was, still looking at Adrian.  Finally, the laughter came, peeling out from his throat, loud and sardonic.  If I am blessed I shall escape with my life!  He laughed again and then started up the hill toward the prince's tent without the help of anyone.  The men quickly caught up to him to and took hold of his arms again.
~
The prince looked at Adrian.  Adrian's gaze fell toward the ground.  Are you afraid, Adrian?  He looked up.
No.  I am not afraid.  Not really, maybe I am.  I don't know.  He shook his head in confusion.
Are you ashamed?  The prince asked.
Nay!  I am never, nor shall ever be ashamed to fight for my king and his own!
The prince laughed with satisfaction.  That is my man.  A man after my own heart, with the heart of a lion.  Indeed, the lion's own brother, just as they say of you!
I did not know that they said that of me.  Adrian was a bit embarrassed.
Yes, you and your friend Raleigh.  I hear talk among the young boys that you two are the lion brothers.  It is not hard to believe.
I take no credit for earning the title.  I know how it is with younger boys; they always ascribe names to each other.  They most likely just decided that it sounded good for us so it stuck.  Adrian shrugged his shoulders.  He was uncomfortable with the way the whole conversation had turned.
Just then a page ran up and addressed the prince.  Milord, Prince Henry.  We have found the horse of Sir Chavelle.  It was nearly back to the stables by the time we caught up with it.
Good job lad.  Where is it now?
They are taking it to your tent so that you might have it examined.
Excellent!  Tell me, if you know, was the horse still running when you got to it?
I do know.  I was there.  No, Milord, it was not running.  As a matter of fact part of the tack had been taken off of it.
Henry cursed silently.  Just as I thought!  Listen to me, my good boy.  I want you to run quickly and go to the arms storage.  Tell the man at the armory not to let anyone in until I come myself to see him.  Do you understand?  The prince spoke emphatically.
Yes, Milord.  No one is to have entrance into the armory until Milord, the prince, arrives in person.  It is done.  With that he turned on his heel and was gone.  Adrian saw why he was the messenger boy.  He was nearly out of sight by the time Adrian could have counted to twenty.
Adrian, my lad, I fear that we may be too late to prove anything against Sir Chavelle.  It may be just as well for he is French and is in hire by the house of Cousteau of Chaumont, a fierce lot from what I understand.  Besides, our relations with France right now are not to be rejoiced about.  The prince clicked to his horse and turned him around.  Come you are to be there at the examination of Sir Chavelle.  No matter what is found, I regret to tell you, you must still meet his challenge in the lists.
~
Philippe ran for all he was worth.  His face was pale despite the sun and the heat.  He was afraid.  He was deathly afraid.  He had seen what happened to his lord, Sir Chavelle, and now he knew that if he failed they were both in danger of the gallows.  On he ran with his burden toward the tent of the arms storage.  Through the small bushes and shrubbery he went.  They seemed to claw at him as if to impede his progress, but on he ran gaining with each contact with the impediments a new tear in his surcoat.  Finally the surcoat became a burden as it flapped and at its tattered pieces trailed behind him so he stopped, only for an instant and threw it off with disgust and ran on.
Just when he thought he would not be able to run any longer he reached the back of the tent.  He paused for only the shortest amount of time required to breathe quietly.  He listened for any movement or voice within the tent and then he slipped under the heavy canvas wall, dragged his long, thin burden after him.
His face still pale and with shaking hands he unwrapped the sword of his master, Sir Chavelle, from its cumbersome disguise.  As he fumbled with the cloth drops of sweat dripped onto his hands and the sword.  He was becoming more and more nervous with every ticking second, and now his nervousness was turning into a blind frustration.  He had to hurry!
Finally, he had it unwrapped.  As he looked at the sword with drops of sweat fallen on it he saw that they formed little miniature puddles surrounded by a distinct ring of soot and dirt.  Frantically, he ran the cloth over it until he could find no more tale-tell signs of the sword having been removed from this room.  Quickly, he looked over it one more time and with swift steps went to the place where he had taken it and replaced it.  He stepped back to look one instant more and assured himself that no one would ever be able to tell that it had been gone.  It looked as if it had been just as inanimate as all of the other weapons for the last three hours.  He turned and all but ran to the back of the tent.  He was about to lift the wall and slide under when he heard voices outside.  He stopped to listen, an action which may have saved his neck.
Hello.  What have we here?  You look to me as the prince's messenger boy.
Heavy breathing was heard for a few seconds then, That I am.  A few more breaths.  I was sent by Milord, Prince Henry, to inform you of his express command.
Speak on.  Came the genial reply.
Prince Henry said that you are to allow no man entrance into this tent of arms until he personally comes to inspect it.  
Certainly, but if you don't mind me being a bit puzzled, I might venture to ask why.
Indeed.  It seems that there has been some foul play of sorts in the melee.  From what I have overheard there may be a scheme afoot to do harm or death to one of the knights in the king's service.  I believe that the prince is going to see for himself if any weapons have been taken from here.  The boy finished almost breathlessly.
I see.  There was a moment of silence and Philippe could almost see in his mind the arms guard trying to remember any person, any weapon, or anything that seemed to indicate toward probable suspicion.  There has been no one here.  At least no one that I have seen. . . hhhmmm.  No one that I have seen, but that does not mean no one could enter.  Of course.
Philippe's heart began to pound in his chest.  He feared what the guard was thinking was of the rear of the tent.  His fears became a startling reality in the next instant.
Quick, my lad.  Run to the back of the tent and see if you can find any sign of entrance there.  If so let me know.  If not stay there and watch until I can get one of my boys there to take you place.
As you wish.
Philippe was near to panic at this.  There was absolutely no way that he could get out and away from sight before the boy was around the side and at the back.  He would be seen.  No.  He must remain here inside!  He must hide!  He looked for a place of concealment with terror etched on his every feature.  He was sure that he would see the swinging noose of the gallows before him before the next new moon.  There!  He found a place.  It was underneath some extra saddles and what looked like blankets or tents.  Quickly he took up his hiding place and tried to still his heart and slow his breathing down.
~
Prince Henry silenced the council of men with a gesture.  There was a nearly closed circle again formed within his tent.  Chavelle, Adrian, Raleigh and the page that was used as the scout were at the open end of the circle and they certainly drew the attention of all of those that were there.  The room grew quiet and stayed that way for several seconds.
Sirs and lords, I have asked you to come here for a special council meeting concerning an event which has transpired just a short time ago in the midst of the melee.  He looked them over to insure he had their attention.  As you all know, there are certain rules that we hold to for events such as a melee.  The purpose of a melee is either for a tournament or for battle preparation and training.  The latter purpose does not include intent to do permanent harm or death to any participant.  Such would be counterproductive and be considered murder, were it done intentionally.  This is the reason that we use blunted wooden weapons in all encounters.  For the same reason we are required to check our weapons into the arms' keeper.  
Now, there appears to have been an infraction upon these rules by Sir Chavelle de Chaumont of the house of Cousteau.  We have yet to decide whether that is indeed the case or not, that is why I have called you here.  I desire your honest and considerate opinion upon the matter.  I will bring to you the first witness against the accused, Adrian of Essex, his Father is Sir Roland of the same, and in the king's service.
The prince motioned for Adrian to step forward next to him.  He did.  Now Adrian, we do not have the churches manuscripts or any holy relics to swear by so I will trust you on your word.  What you say before this council of men will be the truth?  Henry looked straight at Adrian.
Indeed it shall, my prince.  Adrian said without hesitation.
Very well, do all agree that this is sufficient to examine the witness?  There was a murmur of consent, as well as the nod of heads.  Let us continue then.  What do you know of Chavelle de Chaumont?
Before today, I had never seen him.
Good enough.  When did you first see him?
Not an hour's time has passed since I first laid eyes on him.
Quite.  Do you want to tell us what led up to this?
Yes, Milord.  As you know after the first surprise attack on our part this morning you suspected that there would be a certain degree of settling of scores that would take place.  You had a spy sent and found out that they were indeed going to attempt a surprise attack on us.  With several other knights and men, I was called here to your tent to discuss our quick preparations to meet such an attack.
It was decided that I would have command of twenty men on the southern flank.  The rest you left up to me.  For the sake of the narrative I must say, I followed your example and had a page sent out to the wood to the southeast of us as a scout.  I positioned my men on the ridge-back of the hill hidden in the brush and foliage.  After some time passed my scout returned.  He was quite breathless and also disturbed.  Here Adrian paused and looked from the men to the prince.  Milord, maybe it would be better if these men and yourself heard straight from the lad's own mouth.
Excellent idea.  We shall.  He motioned for the page to come forward, whom Adrian had pointed out.  The lad came with a nervous step.  Come now, steady my boy, it is not you that is on examination.  All we want is your word of honor and upon receiving it you will get a hearty meal and our thanks.  At this the boy smiled slightly and visibly relaxed.  Do tell us what you both saw and heard while you were scouting for Adrian of Essex.
Yes, Milord.  He cleared his throat and began.  Milord Adrian sent me out to the wood just below the hill.  While I was there I heard men approaching from the other side.  I took to concealment and crept closer to them.  At once I knew that lord Adrian had been right in his deduction.  They were men from Sir Lambert's side.  As I came closer I noticed that there was a man on a horse, for he was the only one with a horse, which seemed to be leading them through the wood.  They stopped and this man dismounted.  While motioning to another man, his squire I believe, they began to come in my direction.  I nearly panicked, for I thought they had seen me.  They had not; they only wanted to speak privately.
They began to speak in French, which shocked me at first, but then again I have heard many a noble men who spoke both French and the Kings English.  I do myself, though I am not a nobleman.  At this the lad grinned and a few good humored chuckles were emitted across the room.  You see my mother and father were both killed when I was very young.  I was taken in of my uncle.  Five years ago I was the payment for a debt to an Englishman, and so here I am.  He explained.
Back to the men, I apologize.
The prince smiled.  None necessary.
I realized once they were speaking in French that they did not want to be heard or understood if overheard, by any of the other men.
Here the prince interjected.  Please tell us, to the best of your memory, what was said.
Yes, Milord.  The man who rode the horse, whom I understand now to be Sir Chavelle de Chaumont, spoke first to his squire.  He said, 'Philippe I want to tell you one more time what we are to do.  When the melee begins again we are going to switch places.  I will act as though I have fallen off my horse and you shall mount him.'  Then he gave him a surcoat, like the one that he has on now.  The lad pointed toward Chavelle.  After that he told him, 'wear this now and when we switch places I will take mine off so that when I give Sir Gilbert the blow and I return, no one will know who has done it.'  A few more things were said that I don't recall enough to try and relate them to you under oath.  At this the lad was silent and looked up at Prince Henry.
At this news and the mention of his name, Sir Gilbert stepped forward and spoke to the prince quietly in his ear.  Prince Henry nodded several times and then spoke to the page.  Very good.  Thank you.  Please stay here we may need you again.  Turning to the rest of the men he said.  Sir Gilbert asks a private word with me, if you will wait I will be grateful.  With this they both walked from the room and outside of the tent.
A slight breeze had come up and the spring grass was bending its blades back and forth in a futile exercise to remain upright.  The prince and Sir Gilbert walked a few feet away from the tents.
What is it that you wish to speak with me about Sir Gilbert?  I trust it must be important or at least have bearing on our examination of this Chavelle fellow.
Yes, Sire.  It does meet both of your suppositions.  First, I must tell you that I know this man, Chavelle.
Prince Henry did not seem too surprised at this and said so.  It strikes me that if a man knows you enough to risk self-endangerment to deal you a blow of some sort, that he must also be known, in one fashion or another.
I express great respect for the prince's ability to deduce the truth in matters.  This man and I were born in the same city.  I knew him only briefly there and never did like him.  There is a certain degree of cruelty that has always been in his nature.
Hold just a minute.  This man is from France, am I to understand that you are a native to that country also?  The prince had stopped walking and now looked at Gilbert.
Sir Gilbert looked down to the ground.  Yes, Sire.  I am not of Devon, but only took the title when I came over.  I purchased an estate with a fortune which I had come upon by my family.  To France I am native in flesh, but not native in heart.  England is my land, my country, now.  I shall live for her, and shall die for her.
Henry put his hand up.  No, no, do not think that I question your loyalty based on something you had no control over.  I have seen your service to my father, the king, and to his men.  There is none more loyal.  Did you not lose your forearm in battle while fighting for England?
Yes, Milord.  Came the quiet reply.
And still you labor for that same country, without spite and bitterness, even fervently?
It is true again, my prince.
Enough said.  Do I not have eyes and a heart also?  I do not want you to defend your character and loyalty to me again.  Am I understood Sir Gilbert of Devon?
A moment of silence then, Yes, Milord.  As you wish, I do not like to do so anyway.  It is a churning in my stomach to speak of myself in defense.
I understand.  Now, Chavelle.
As I said we were both born and raised in the same town in France, though I did not know him until I was seventeen years old.  I suppose it was a natural course of events that brought into acquaintance, but the fate of all was twisted enough.  At this Gilbert spat on the ground.  I met and fell in love with Chavelle's sister, Genevieve.  She is the most beautiful woman that I had, or have ever seen, except for the mother of Raleigh, Ellen.
The prince pressed a hand to the shoulder of Sir Gilbert and smiled at him.  I did not know that the king's master-at-arms was such a romanticist.
A slight flush came to Gilbert then vanished in the same heartbeat.  Indeed, I am, but have no cause to be so now.  I was a hot-blooded man in love at one time, with passion burning its mark into my heart.  That is the twisted part of my tale.
I met Genevieve and after a short time we fell madly in love.  Everything would have been just fine, for my family had resource and her family, once prominent and wealthy, was in dire straits for such a advantageous union.  Everything that is, except for Sir Frances Cousteau, the same that is the Duke of Chaumont now.  What I did not know is that Genevieve had been betrothed to this man a year earlier, and his purse was quite larger than our family's.  Her mother was greedy and her father a derelict.  I found out about the betrothal, by a close brush with death.  At this Sir Gilbert unbuttoned his blouse and turned himself to face the prince.  What the prince saw was the word 'THIEF' in French standing out in bold relief from the scar tissue that had formed as a result of the branding.  I was beaten senseless, nearly to death, and woke up with this mark upon me.  I was told never to see Genevieve again or I would pay even greater, I would pay with my life.  When I had the head to even think, I begin to hate and long for revenge.
I received my revenge later.  The men of my father's house were given to me by my father to repay the disgrace upon our honorable name and the damage done to me.  We rode like the insane to the city of the wedding between my beloved Genevieve and Sir Frances de Chaumont, two days before the wedding was to take place.  Within one day we had formed a desperate plan and began to set it into effect.
Genevieve was located and instructed, and we prepared and struck as she came down the aisle of the Chartres Cathedral to meet that worm.  We killed several men, and I personally shot Sir Frances in the thigh, I did not want to kill him.  The arrow head was made from a metal seal of the House of LaSalle.  Genevieve came to me and we fled.  We got away with few casualties, but at a later time we were attacked and she was taken from me.  I have not seen nor heard of her since.  Shortly after, I fled to England, as my family thought best.  The Duke of Chaumont had just gained several more knights' holding and liege to his vast power, one of them was the brother of Genevieve, Sir Chavelle.  Gilbert paused for a moment as he ruminated the thought.  I suppose if one was to follow the logical course of retribution, Chavelle is here to repay my vengeance taken on Sir Frances, Duke of Chaumont.
They had started walking again earlier, but now stopped.  Prince Henry looked thoughtful for a moment and then nodded his head.  Yes, indeed, it appears so.  The next question is, what do we do about it all?
Gilbert looked at the prince and said, I believe I have just the plan. . .



Chapter XI

Thought is too painful for me!  I cannot allow myself to think, I must work, I must work!  Victoria Marie drove herself to great lengths to overcome thoughts that she considered to be of too great a personal or emotional risk.  I cannot hope, I cannot dream.  Hopes are to be dashed and dreams are born to become like nightmares.  I cannot think about it!  She moved the bucket over and began to scrub the next section of floor even more vigorously than the past three, trying to vent her frustration.
Victoria had come home from her day of begging anxious to see Adrian in a short time after her return.  He did not arrive.  She waited, but still he did not arrive.  This was the day when he was supposed to make the delivery for the silversmith, yet he did not arrive.  She had always tried to act like there was no excitement involved for her in his coming, but there were very few things that she enjoyed more than to peek from behind the curtain to see him walking cheerily down the road to the orphanage.  There were even less things that she relished more than the quiet walks in the courtyard behind the great house as the sun began to set.  There were still fewer things that she lay awake and thought over more than his face, his laugh, and his voice, as he walked with her and told her of things that had transpired since they had seen each other last.
Adrian began to come more and more of late.  Sometimes he came but a few days apart, just 'so see how things were', as he put it.  Once he came three days in a row.  Victoria Marie was never sure when he might show up, but she always thrived on the heart stimulating arrival of Adrian.  Because of her tendencies, she would not even allow herself to hope that 'today' was a day when he would stop by, 'I must not think, I must not hope', were her constant excuses for the lack of optimism.
Why is he not here?  She was near to tears and suddenly realized it.  Victoria, does he mean that much to you?  Victoria, you cannot allow yourself the pleasure of hoping beyond what is before you!  Why did he not come?  Stop it!  Stop it now!  She shifted in her position at the window and was about ready to turn away when she spotted a figure coming down the road.  Her heart leapt at the sight.  A split second later though her hopes were crushed, for she could tell it was not Adrian.  She began to cry.  Why?  Why can't I control myself?  What is wrong with me?  She turned away from the window and began to walk to her room.  Suddenly, it was if her heart began to speak to her. . . Victoria, you . . . No!  Stop it now! . . . but Victoria, you must listen to me!  Do not run from the truth, do not run from me!  Victoria, you love Adrian!  No!!  It was too late the thought had slipped through her most desperate efforts and now she could no longer run.  She did!  She did love Adrian!  Now the tears come in a rush and she began to run to her bedroom.  Instantly, she changed her mind.  The other girls would tease her for crying again.  Instead, she went into the library, there was couch in there were she could bury her face and let her tears soak it.  No one would be there now, so she went.
As Victoria fell on the couch and began to sob it came back.  Victoria, why are you crying?  Is it so bad to love such a one as this young man Adrian?  No, but I cannot hope.  It would be better to love a beggar or a vile ruffian who only cared for her looks or her appeal, than to hope for something better and be refused, rejected, and crushed!  Victoria, don't you believe that he may love you?  Don't you believe that you deserve better?  Do I?  If so, then why am I where I am?  Why am I here?  If I deserve better, than why am I in this orphanage, with no one? . . . Do you not have an answer to that? . . . I do.  You are here so that you might have an opportunity at something better.  You are here so that you could meet your chance at a great destiny.  You are here so that you might come to know Adrian. . . No!  Stop it!  I cannot think!  I cannot think!  Victoria began to cry louder now as she shoved her face farther into the fabric.  Suddenly, there was a knock on the library door.
She jumped up, quickly brushed the hair from her face, tried to wipe the tears from her eyes.  Come in.  She said quietly.  The door opened and Lady Shelton appeared quietly and closed the door behind her.
You did not see me as you ran past, but I could tell something was wrong.  She came and sat next to Victoria's position on the couch.  Do you want to tell me what it is?
Victoria sniffed and looked down at her hands, but did not answer.
Alright, so you don't want to talk.  Just as well, there is someone here to see you.
Victoria slowly brought her head up and looked into Lady Shelton's eyes.  She wondered if it was Adrian, but too afraid to ask.  Lady Shelton seemed to sense the question.
It is the silversmith.  He brought the package and gift.  He specifically asked for you by name, said he had a message to give to you.  Shall I tell him you are coming?
Victoria wiped the last remaining tear from her eye and nodded her head.
Very well, I shall tell him.  He will be waiting in the foyer.  Go and splash some water on your face.  Lady Shelton stood and patted her on the shoulder, then turned and was gone.
~

Well, look at this very pretty young girl.  Waldo, the silversmith, said smiling kindly.  I do say, my dear, things have a way of explaining themselves in time.
Victoria was compelled to smile at this kind man, who had such an air of benevolence about him, but his last statement brought a slight furrowing to her brow.  It is good to finally meet you Waldo, but I am afraid that I don't understand.
Ah!  Of course you do not, that is part of the reason that you were crying?  He said it in such a tender, sympathetic tone that again Victoria was compelled to smile, instead of becoming embarrassed.  Let me explain, as seeing you have explained to me many things.  First of all, I bring word from Adrian.  Here he paused and keenly observed Victoria's reaction.  She tried not to let him see the rise of her bosom at the mention of Adrian's name.  She tried to hide the slow flush that was, uninvited, visiting her neck and then her face.  Very well.  You hide it very well my dear.  He winked.  But old Waldo is an old hand, you might say, at these sorts of things.  I have seen what you desire to hide and at the same time wonder why you would want to hide it.  Hmmm.  Then again, I understand that a woman needs more privacy than a man.  He said putting a finger to his lips, as if he were feigning a secret himself.  Always got to keep things hidden from the men-folk, I say.  It is sort of like a secret arsenal, only to be used in emergencies.  He winked again and then laughed.
This time Victoria blushed to the crown of her head.
Oh, little lady, I didn't mean anything by it.  Let me get on with my business and quit philosophizing.  He rhetorically cleared his throat.  Adrian wasn't able to make it here today so I am afraid that you are stuck with me and my toad looks, but he did want me to 'be sure' and tell you 'hello'.  He is a fine lad, that one.  You ought not to be ashamed of your admiration and affection for him.  Waldo put on a serious expression and looked down at Victoria almost like he was her father scolding her.
Victoria, for her part, looked down also.  She knew that he was right, but also could never explain to him the other factors involved in her subliminal silence.  He would never understand the confusion that mottled her mind, she wasn't sure if she understood half of it herself.  He was right.  Of course he was!  That much Victoria had come to realize within the past few minutes.  She did have 'affection' for Adrian, as well as a great deal of admiration.  She had come to see that she loved him.  It was not him that she was ashamed of, heavens no, it was something else.  She bit her lip.  She knew what it was.  It was her.  She was afraid and ashamed of herself!  It was partially fear of not being seen, not having her affection returned to her from him, not being good enough.  Oh!  It was so many things that she could drive herself crazy just trying to mentally categorize them.
Waldo waited for a reply, some response, from Victoria, but after a minute or two he realized that she either intended not to respond or was hopelessly lost in the midst of her thoughts.  He shrugged his shoulders and reached out his hand slowly toward Victoria's face.  He touched her on the temple and she lifted her head.  When she looked at him there was a far-focused look in her eyes, and he read a degree of despair and frustration in them.
Look, Victoria Marie, if you don't want to talk about it, we won't.  I am sorry that I brought it up to you.  I did not realize that it was a trouble to you.  Please, forgive old Waldo for his callused ways.
Now Victoria felt bad for her silence.  No, it is all right, but I cannot explain.  I . . . have no explanation.  She put out to her sides, palms up.
And I need none.  Waldo patted the side of her head, removed his hand, and then turned to Lady Shelton.  I fear that I am a bad replacement for my replacement.  Then he chuckled and looking back to Victoria.  Adrian had to be off on some business for the king and his quartermaster, probably having fun playing games.
Games?
I don't know, something to do with training with Sir Gilbert.  I try to keep out of his business as much as possible.  He paused for a moment then smiled.  I suppose for the most part, except for you.  He turned to go.  I apologize for any interruptions, I shall be going.
Lady Shelton walked up and stood with her arm around Victoria's shoulder.  No need to apologize Waldo.  It was a pleasure, it was not an interruption.
With that they parted company and Waldo trekked his way home enlightened of a few more things and also left to ponder many more.  The poor girl.  He thought.  The dear, poor, poor girl.
~

Philippe looked at the booted feet which stood directly in front of his hiding place.  He watched as they shifted the weight of their owner upon one, and then upon the other.  He was frightened, nearly out of his mind.  Why did the man stand here so long?  His mind seemed to scream the thought out of panic and irritation.  Then suddenly, he knew!  He was hiding just next to the place where Sir Chavelle's sword was placed!  His fears renewed doubly.  The man must know, he must see that it has been moved or taken.
Just then someone entered into the tent and called to the man standing over him.  He answered, Aye, but did not move.  The other man approached and then Philippe could hear what it was that he was saying.
What have you found?  You look very curious indeed.
Something, but then nothing.  I cannot say what it is, but there is something there that I cannot see.  Something that speaks, but I cannot hear.
You refer to the weapons, I presume.
The same.
If that is it, worry not any more, the matter has been settled, or rather is to be settled.  It has been decided that the matter will be cleared up with a duel in the lists one month from now.  That is why I am here.  Guilt will be determined by loss of the accused.  The prince sent word to leave off of your searching and come to feast.
The feet quickly rotated away from under Philippe's nose and the man spoke.  Aye, indeed.  You do not have to tell me twice.  I have been here since morning and with not a morsel to eat, at that, save a bit of dried meat.  The feet began to walk away and for the first time in the last several hours, Philippe relaxed.
Did you ever hear who the man was that was accused of foul play?  The arms keeper asked as they retreated to the door.
Yes, I did at that.  It was a knight from France, Sir Chavelle de Chaumont.
Wait.  Did you see him?
Yes I did, why?
Describe him to me.
Oh come.  I don't know.  He is a very large man, looks powerful enough, a cold look to his eye, sort of cruel and heartless.  That is about all that I can remember of him.
Good enough.  Is his hair dark?
The other man thought for a second then replied with recollection.  Black as a raven.
And his skin, fair or shaded?
Shaded I suppose.
Ah!  I have him placed now.  I think I remember him coming here yesterday.  Actually I believe that I remember him leaving here yesterday.  He came while I was eating and seemed in a slight hurry to be off when I arrived.
They say he is a bit suspicious of other men and unsociable.
The arms keeper thought for a moment with his hand stroking his beard.  I never did see what he brought in, in manner of weapons.  I try to mark them all in my mind as I see them come in; it helps make my duty of slight interest, to see how many I can recall later by simply looking upon the knight when he returns.
Understandable.  I do the same kind of game often with tending the horses.  Keeps you from losing you mind.  The man pointed to his head and laughed.
Let me check on the records and see what Sir Chavelle brought in.  I could investigate before we go.  He turned toward a small table just inside the door.  Philippe's heart began to pound afresh.  He does not know the weapon of Sir Chavelle, but he would soon find out!  Philippe knew that if he came back over he would pick out from the rest the very weapon and find some evidence of it having been removed and replaced.  Yet, in a moment his fears again were relieved and his wild heart subsided beating so fiercely.
Come, leave it.  The prince has said to let the matter alone for now.  It is time to eat and I'll wager you four to one that they will not wait for the two of us to show up before the devour the best of the spit.
Hah!  You speak compelling words to a hungry man.  That is a wager that I will not make, for I would be sure to lose.  With that they both walked out of the tent door.  Philippe breathed a sigh of relief.
Kent!  A voice thundered.  An answering call was heard behind the tent.  Come here lad I have another job for you.  Swift feet padded around the back of the tent, behind Philippe and stopped in the front.
Milord?
I am leaving for supper.  You are to stay here and I will send someone over with food for you both.  The issue with Sir Gilbert has been settled so don't worry about it.
Yes, Milord.
~
Philippe waited in his hiding place until the rumbling voices of the two men could not longer be heard.  Then he waited until some time later the other boy arrived with the food.  Still he waited, until he figured they had eaten about half their portion; enough time to allow them to forget about everything else but eating.  Then he silently slid out and looked toward the door.  He could not see them.  Good, that meant for now, they could not see him.  He stood.  He turned to look at the swords.  He immediately saw what the arms keeper had missed.
In the two days of storage, with the tramping in and out a very light layer of dust had accumulated upon the various weapons.  It could be seen only if you were looking for it.  This layer of dust was not found on the sword of Sir Chavelle.  Philippe had wiped it clean when he wiped the sweat and dust from it earlier.  It was not shining as if proudly among duller fellows.  It was a dead giveaway.
The human mind has a way of finding things out while you do other menial tasks and then suddenly and idea or a thought or some forgotten thing will fly into it from seemingly nowhere.  Philippe knew this.  He knew that sooner of later, the arms keeper would realize what it was and come back to have a look-see.
He bent down and picked up some dust.  Then he held his hand out, palms cupped, as if he were make some sort of sacrifice, and let the dust sift between his fingers and onto the blade.  There was enough moisture still on the blade that the dust settled onto its surface with sliding down and back to the ground.  Wonderful!  Philippe noticed that the other weapons also gathered a bit more dust, but nothing that was too noticeable.  He step back to survey his work.  He smiled pleased with himself.
As he stood there he quickly realized that he could see the two boys eating out of the corner of his eye.  That meant that they could see him.  Hurriedly, he stepped forward out of view and without knowing it he brushed against an ax and started it on a slow, sliding, descent toward the ground.
He wasted no time in making his way to the back of the tent, lifting up the flap, sliding under and letting it back down.  Just as he stood up there was a tremendous crash, as the ax had been overcome by gravity, sped toward the ground, and found a bundle of other weapons nearby.
Philippe didn't not even wait to see what was the consequence was, but ran as fast he could to the nearest cover and from there he swiftly made his way back to camp.
~
What was that?  Kent had a mouth of food half-chewed and stopped in the middle of chewing.
I don't know, sounded like something fell.
The only way that something could fall is if there was someone in there.  Kent finished chewing, swallowed, and after setting his plate, stood to his feet.
Come on Kent, there is no one in there.
We don't know that.  I was told to watch the back of the tent earlier for intruders, but I didn't see anyone, that may be them!  He started toward the tent door.
You are going in there?
Of course!  You think that I am going to let someone or something get me whipped for not doing my duty.
The other boy set down his plate and said.  Wait, I am coming with you then.  He hurriedly caught up with Kent, who was just walking in the tent.
Kent stopped and held up his hand.  Look around carefully.  He said.  There may not be anyone here, but we might see something worth while.
They began to poke their way around tentatively looking for . . . for what?  They came on the fallen heap of weapons and Kent pointed, as if the other boy could not see what was right in front of him.
Look!  That is what made the clanging noise we heard.
The other boy was silent as he looked at Kent with a dubious expression and then said sarcastically.  Do you suppose?
Alright, quit being a jester.  The point is these didn't fall on their own.
Again the expression and again the nasally sarcasm.  Oh.  Do you think they might have been knocked over?
This time Kent looked over at him with a glare, but did not say anything in retort.  Someone was snooping around and bumped against this pile here and it fell over.
That appears to be what happened, but I have a better explanation.
What?
Do you see anyone here?
No.
And did you see anyone in here while we just looked into every fold of the tent canvas?
Kent sighed.  No.
Exactly.  The other boy raised a finger and spoke further.  Your explanation is fine, too suspicious.  The obvious and most logical explanation is that while the arms keeper and the prince's messenger were in here having a look, they bumped into something that maybe started to fall, but did not until after they were already gone.  Come now, you've seen it happen many times.  Your staff, or a broom you set against the wall sudden comes banging down.  You don't believe a ghost did that do you?
No.  Kent reluctantly began to side with the other boy.
Me neither.  I am going back to my food before it gets any colder.  You do what you want, but if you come with me I will help you pick up afterward.  He turned and walked out.  After a few seconds, Kent followed.


Chapter XII

Godfrey awoke with a start.  It was cold and the morning was not yet dawning.  He began to stir and prepared to get out of his bed, then he paused, he thought he had heard something.  He had, it was the crackling of the fire.  One of his servants must be up and about already.  Well, He thought.  I am awake I might as well get up and dress.  He threw the heavy blankets off of him and rolled to his knees.  There he remained for a few moments saying his morning prayers and was just finishing when he heard a cry.  Before he could think his instincts began to take over.  By the time he was aware of what he was doing he was half dressed and tugging on his boots.  The cry came again.  He stopped this time to listen.  It was not a cry for help, but a cry of inquiry.  Suddenly, he heard an answering one; the proximity told him it was the servant that was already up.
Aye, who is there and what do you want?
Just a country beggar and only a morsel of bread and a cup of water.  If you are kind enough, a minute at your fire for my cold bones.
Hold where you are.  We are kind enough for all three, but know not with whom I speak.  I must call my master.
Godfrey was finished with his boots.  He stood and slid his tunic on and reached for his sword belt which held his dagger also.
Milord Baron Godfrey?  Godfrey recognized the servant's voice it was Dumas, he should have figured, of all of his servants Dumas possessed the most industry.
I am here, Dumas.  I have heard the exchange.  Wake the other servants and I shall tend to the man.  Godfrey finished with his belt and made his way to the tent flap, grabbing his jacket.
Yes, Milord.  Even so is it safe?
Godfrey stepped outside and the chilly air seemed to replace the sleepiness in his body.  It may or may not be, don't be anxious, I will tend to him.  He put on his jacket.
Yes, Milord.
He stepped over to the side of the fire and called out.  Hello.  You are free to come into the camp.  Are you alone?
Yes, I am alone.  Godfrey turned toward the voice and stepped closer to the fire.  He wanted to warm himself, but also he wanted the man to be able to see him.  He knew that the other servants had gotten up by this time with all of the noise; that is not why he had sent Dumas to rouse them.  By this time they would be surrounding the man under cover of darkness to make certain that no ill intent was involved.
He stretched out his hands toward the fire.  They were just beginning to feel the warmth of the leaping flames when another cry was made.  He stopped rubbing his hands together and stood there, not breathing, not moving.
The cry had been one of anguish, but not pain.  He did not understand.  A trap?  One of the servants dispatched the decoy?  Or, maybe the 'decoy' dispatched one of his servants?  He was about to investigate when he heard a great noise of shouts and hoots of surprise and excitement.  There was some laughter and someone weeping.
He was about to make his way toward the commotion when a half-dressed servant came running into the firelight.
Milord Godfrey, it is Isaac!  It is Isaac!  His face was both excited and yet troubled.
You say it is Isaac, your fellow servant?  Godfrey was puzzled.  What would he being doing out here, this far from the estate, alone, at this time of morning, and begging?  Godfrey divined the answer before his eyes reaffirmed it.
Suddenly, there in the firelight was a man carried that appeared to be a skeletal apparition of his servant Isaac, yet he knew that this was him.  His heart fell into the pit of his stomach.  The note!  Genevieve!  My God, what has happened!  He forced his feelings of panic back.  First Isaac, then the tale.  He thought with great effort in order to put aside his fears.  
Bring him here.  Godfrey took off his jacket and placed it around the bony figure.  Isaac, is it truly you?  The only answer he received was a wail of agony.  Bring him something to eat, and some of my wine.  Hurry now!  He did not need to tell them to be expedient, but somehow it expressed to all, the passion that toiled now within his breast.  My son, Isaac.  I want you to warm yourself and eat.
Another wail and Isaac lifted his face upward, toward the baron and wept.  As Godfrey watched the tears course down his sunken cheeks, from sunken eyes, to fall onto a scrawny neck, his eyes too, moistened.  It was all that he could do to keep from weeping.  He turned to a servant and spoke with a choked voice.  
Put some more wood on the fire, it is cold.  This command was also unnecessary, the fire had just been started and needed no wood, but he did not want to sob like a child in front of his men.  He turned back to Isaac.  Isaac, it is all right.
Nay, Milord.  It is not all right, said his feeble, tremulous voice.
In time, in time.  Godfrey turned his face away again.  Now I want you to eat, you must.  Eat and drink first, then the tale, please.  Isaac was compelled to pull himself together.  He sat down on the cold ground and Godfrey placed an arm around him.
Some food was brought by Dumas.  After a gulp of wine Isaac began to eat as though he were half-starved, which he probably was.
Godfrey got up and warmed his hands again at the fire.  Isaac paused and mumbled an apology toward the baron, for his ravenous eating.
No, Isaac, I am not offended.  I have seen 'nobles' devour food in such a manner that a hog would stand off in distinct admiration.  I am still a bit chilly from the night.  I must also tend to some affairs before the day advances too far.  I shall return in a few moments.
Godfrey extended his hands once more and then walked back to his tent.  He emerged a few minutes later with another jacket about his shoulders.  Godfrey liked to personally examine his horses.  He trusted the other servants; it was that he had a fondness of the beautiful beasts.  It was their strength, their intelligence, everything about their admiration of men that drew him to them.  They seemed to sense it also, because when he came out they would knicker and gather around him, nibbling at his clothes and hands.  
~
When he came back Isaac was finished eating and sat there staring into the fire.  Godfrey sat down on large rock close by.  Dumas handed him a steaming plate with a cup of wine.  He dipped his hard bread into the gruel on his meat and took a bite. After sipping some wine he turned to Isaac.  He had to call his name twice before Isaac seemed to hear.
Isaac, it is time.  Godfrey was aware that his voice carried an unintentional soberness in its tone, but, he reflected, that was how he felt.  He knew whatever Isaac was going to say, it was not something to celebrate about.
Isaac started to cry again, and then stopped himself.  The rest of the servants had begun to come to the fire minutes before and now as Baron Godfrey looked about him he saw all eyes on Isaac, waiting silently for the news.  If this emaciated man before them was any reflection or shadow of what was to be told them, they felt that it was indeed to be desperately tragic news.
Isaac began to mumble something.  Everybody unconsciously moved or leaned closer.  Godfrey himself set his plate aside, let it grow cold, he thought, and moved closer.  It was then that he understood what the man was mumbling.
I tried, I tried, I tried. . . then he broke down for a minute.  Nobody moved.  Nobody made an attempt to encourage or extract more from poor Isaac.  He now had all the time that he needed.  If he were to take all this day and into the night; not a soul would move from his place of listening.  Not a man would disturb, this, their fellow comrade.  There was nothing, nothing that I could do.  With this he turned toward his master.
They came so fast, in the early morning; it was not yet fully light.  There were a few others and myself just beginning to work about the estate.  We heard no shouts, no noise other than the thunder of horses' hooves and the rapid 'thumping' of men's booted feet rushing from the west.  All others stopped their work and turned to look at me.  I had ceased also and stood with a pail of oats in my hand.  It was an unusual sound for the Godfrey estate, but not for me.  I had been in battle many times before and I knew in my suddenly-sick heart what that rumbling reverberation spoke of.  Enemies.  I did not know why or how, but I knew it was a charge of an enemy.  I threw the oats down to the ground and called to one of the other two, Rafe and Peter, to wake the household and told the other to come with me.  I turned and ran, but had not run ten paces when I realized that Peter was not with me.  I turned back and saw him standing where I left him, frozen with inexorable fear, I called to him but I don't think he ever heard me.  Before my voice fully left my throat, an arrow took him in his.  Isaac shook his head in sad recollection; the voices gathered around moaned out their grief.  He lifted his head and continued with renewed courage, through fresh tears.  I looked only an instant to see the entire western horizon just north of the orchard filled with men and horses, and then I ran.  Arrows rained down around me and by some miracle of the Almighty, none struck me, save my cloak.  The stable was but a few more steps away and I made it to the sound of the arrows striking the walls around the doorway.  One flew just past my head and struck a horse in one of the stalls.  It began to thrash about wildly, screaming, and causing nearly the entire enclosure to erupt in more frantic whinnying of the other horses.  I threw the door shut and barred it, and then ran to the horse.  It had been struck in the neck; I knew it was going to die; blood was coming out of his nose and mouth.  I went to the tool room and took a hand sickle and, master forgive me, in one swift blow hacked his neck open.  He fell to the floor and in a minute was relieved of life's misery.  Here Isaac seemed to sense the question hanging in the air.  It was Hammer, the grey stallion.  Again another moan was carried into the circle.  Godfrey himself joined in; it was his best horse.
Isaac continued, Master Godfrey, and my dear fellows, I doubt not the sorrow of your heart or that it is great, but you should spare yourself breath for these things which shall follow; you shall need it to wail yourself to unconsciousness.  Another pause and the bearer of dark news sighed deeply.
I knew somehow that all was in danger, these men, whoever they were, were here to destroy!  After a quick examination of the arrow in the horse's neck I realized that this was not a random raid.  The missile was small and the arrowhead was weighted down.  It was a crossbow bolt and it was French!  These men had come with intent.
~
The French border was over 100 miles away from Dornbirn, many days travel.  There were plenty of estates to raid along the way without coming all the way to Dornbirn.  Were they to raid another's estate, they would waste no time in returning to the safety of their own walls to count and defend their ill-gotten booty.  They would not continue in wreaking havoc on the countryside, with small armies in hot-pursuit.  The French?  Why the French?  Neither the baron nor any of his men could seem to make any sense of it.

Every building in the 15th century had port holes, secret passages, or escape ways of some sort built into them for this very thing, raids.  Raids were growing less and less common, but still they occurred.  It was for this very thing that Pope Innocent the IX made the call to retake the Holy Land in 1099.  Almost every European country was at some sort of odds with one another.  At least once every year or two, there would be the sound of attack to fall upon the ears of a manor or a castle, sometimes more often than that.  The bell would sound and, as many times before, cover would be sought, gates closed, weapons humanly animated,  bulwarks manned, and towers would began to bristle with arrows fitted to bows.  It was a way of life.  It was then, it is now.  
Of course as I write these words, times have changed, as they always do.  After four bloody, costly, and in the end, nearly unfruitful Crusades, the fatal energies of Europe were beginning to show signs of fatigue.  The blood no longer ran as hot, or as freely.  Nevertheless, it still ran.  My grandfather told of the fateful day in 1337 when Philip IV, who had been appointed the Count of Valois, became dissatisfied with an English king holding land within his realm.  He brought together an army and began to march upon Guyenne, of which English king Edward III was duke.  Guyenne was in Aquitaine, in southwestern France, closer to Philip IV than to England, but Edward III was not going to give up that easy.  Edward III felt as though his right to Guyenne was legitimate.  He also felt that he had a rightful claim to the French throne.  His mother was the sister to Charles IV, who had no sons.  This caused discord between the powers that be.  This discord became steaming blood and men's corpses with time.
Grandfather was there when the mighty army came to Flanders.  He was there when the armies came together.  He was there when Philip IV began to try and defend himself against the wrath of Edward III.  He was there fighting for his king and lived to tell me of the story before his old, scarred body pulled him to the grave.
Now here I am, writing to you of the story which never changes plots, only characters.  Who is to say?  Who is right?  Does not every man believe in his cause?  Does not every man of honor truly believe he is the just one?  Is it not so even with those with no honor?
So you see the hostilities which the mainland across the Channel and here have continued on for some time.  It is because of this history of fighting and bloodshed that Isaac was even able to escape with his life.  He ran to a port hole which was used to look out of and fire arrows if necessary. . . 
~
. . . As I looked out I saw the men already going about to set fire to the buildings surrounding the estate and started a fire in the castle.  I knew then that no man would escape with his life.  This was not about possessions and spoil there was something greater than this on their minds.  They were after a prize, they came to get something and leave all else blackened and ashes.  I saw them dragging the women out; they cut the men down wherever they found them.  Frantically, I ran around in the stable looking for a bow or any weapon, but could only find tools, and of course the hand sickle I had used.  Other than that there was nothing.
I went back and looked out again.  What met my eyes I fear to speak to Milord.  Here he paused and looked down into the fire.
Throughout the narration the air had seemed to grow more and more tense.  The flames which leapt from the fire were commencing a more animated dance; it seemed in every man's heart was beating the deadly rhythm of revenge.
Baron Godfrey spoke.  Isaac, was it Genevieve?
Isaac did not speak for some time, Godfrey asked again.  He nodded.  Was she killed?
At this Isaac lifted up his head and tears were seen in the corner of his eyes.  Nay Milord, she was taken captive.  I have thought much about it and  I believe it was she that they came for.  He waited, looking intently upon his master.
Please go on.  Godfrey said and then sat with an unfocused expression on his face, his jaw set so tight that the muscles on his cheekbones bulged out and began to twitch.
When three men brought my lady out, they took her to a man on a horse, which had been watching from beneath a heavy hood, but had done nothing.  She resisted with utmost strength, for indeed she is noble and strong.  The men were compelled to be rough with her and would have drug her, but for the commanding voice which issued forth from the hooded figure.  They all stopped, the lady too.  She only looked intently at the man, who presently walked his horse up to them.  The men let go of Lady Genevieve, she did not run, but stood bold as brass.  Suddenly, the man kicked her in the shoulder and knocked her to the ground.
At this a cry of rage bellowed forth from the clenched jaw of the baron.  It was echoed by the men around the fire.  No one spoke, so uncertain of what to do, Isaac continued.
She did not cry out, but slowly got to her feet, her night gown muddy and grass-stained.  There she stood and looked at the man.  He reached up and pushed the hood back from his face and let it fall upon his shoulders.  My lady screamed and put her hands to her face.  Then she fell to her knees in the grass and prayed.  The men pulled her up, but the man on the horse motioned for them to let her be.
Behind and all around there were horses running women down, men fighting with our half-dressed fellows who were trying to valiantly defend against the inevitable doom which had woke them.  It was then that I realized all was lost.  I could do nothing.  I could not help.  They would cut me down.
Suddenly, they were headed for the stables.  I knew that I had to escape.  If there were any hope I had to escape.  I did not believe they would kill the women and I knew they would not kill my lady, Genevieve.  I had to live to fight another day.  I ran to the back of the stable and pulled the straw back until I found the cover to the secret passageway that ran to the woods.  I piled straw next to the opening and after I climbed down tried to cover the lid as much as I could before I shut it completely.  Swiftly, then I made my way down the dark tunnel until I came to the stable hidden in the woods.  It was only a matter of time I knew, but any time was worth it to make an escape.
By the time I led a horse out saddled and with the emergency rations stored in the stable the other stable was already in flames; the horses were being gathered up.  I was thankful that they did not search the stable before they burned it, for they might have found the passageway.  I watched until I saw the Lady Genevieve, she wore a man's cloak and was being put on a horse.  Her hands were bound.  I waited till the last minute until I could see clearly as many faces as possible, especially the one who had been hooded -I knew I would need to recognize them someday, and then I rode.
I rode all day heading for the Bregenz Forest, and into the night.  In the dark my horse stumbled and fell, his leg breaking uselessly.  I took to foot.  After several days I went back to the estate and made my way around.  Every man had been killed and every woman had been taken.  I spent the next two days burying the dead and then I waited.  I waited for three months for your return and finally three weeks ago I set out, penniless and with no food for the port village which you left from, and now I am here.  Here the man's saga ended, and he nearly collapsed to the ground, but for Godfrey's quick motions, would have.  They took him and laid him down on a pallet nearby.
~
The Baron Godfrey von Dornbirn stood and let the rage of his soul shake the ground and move through the forest, rustling the leaves with wrath.

Every man's destiny is an uncertain thing from birth, but there are events in which it is seen clearly.  Such was now.  Whatever dreams these men had, whatever desires rested hidden within their hearts, now all was laid aside.  All were reconsidered and found to be a petty course of existence.  It was then that destiny rose with the sun, on that morning, it was stamped on every man's mind, in every soul.  Revenge!  Revenge!  Revenge!  Such a thing could not go unavenged!  And so it was that this small host of French raiders determined the destiny of other men's lives.  A thought to bear in mind!
~
Isaac pointed out the graves as they rode up.  There were small little crosses that he had fashioned to mark out each one; nothing fancy, but well done for a fugitive from marauders.  Godfrey could sense the solemnity even before they came to a stop.  No one seemed to want to dismount, or that were on foot to approach the graves.  He looked around him; all of his men were looking at him soberly awaiting, allowing him the privilege to be the first.  Slowly, he pushed his foot free from the stirrup and slid off of his horse.  He walked over to the first cross and knelt down.  The lettering was somewhat weathered and partly covered by moss.  He took his glove off and wiped off the moss.  Hans.  He crossed himself and went to the next grave.  Peter.  He crossed himself again.  By this time, the men gradually began to dismount or filter in among the graves.  Another one.  Schweitzer.  Suddenly, there was a hoarse cry that went up.  Godfrey looked up to see who it was and saw Johann lying upon a grave sobbing with his face on the ground.  He held on to clumps of grass with both fists and then pulled them out by the roots.  Godfrey stood to make his way over toward him.  His son.  He thought.  It must be Little Johann.  As Godfrey approached, Johann lifted himself up and wailed with his tearstained face up toward the sky.  Then he bent back over and grasping the little wooden cross with both hands, gently pulled it out and held it to his chest, rocking forward and backward, moaning.  Godfrey stood still a respectful distance away and tried not to weep himself.  He looked away and let Johann have his grief respected.  Johann brought the cross to his lips and kissed it tenderly.
The next morning before the mist of the evening had evaporated the small camp began to wake.  Fires were stirred back to life and food was prepared.  Godfrey had finally formulated a definite plan in his mind during the sleepless hours of the night.  His plan was to get his revenge. . . in due time, but first he must ensure that they would not fail.
After breakfast he ordered the men to go throughout the grounds of the estate and bring back whatever weapons, tools, or materials that remained all but undestroyed.  By mid afternoon this was completed and Godfrey was greatly pleased to see a substantial collection of articles.  The weapons were separated from the tools and he inspected them with a quick glance.  Possibly, we might salvage the majority.  He thought to himself.
He called the men to him.  They gathered around and when the last had come into the circle he spoke.  Men, we have lost nearly all that we possess in this world.  We have lost our home, some of us our loved ones, and years of toil in building our lives.  He looked around and mentally estimated his men.  Probably about 20 men altogether.  There are two questions I have of you today.  The first, how did we get all these things?  With time and labor.  That is how we are going to get them back!  I avowed last night to have my revenge upon the evil doers, but it will take time and labor.  The second question I have of you is this; how many are willing to commit themselves to the cost and how many of you desire to leave and seek a new life?  Nobody moved.  He looked them over.  Many were sweaty, dirty, and blackened from digging through the rubble of what once was a beautiful grounds.  Their faces were expressionless, as though what he just asked of them had not registered in their minds.
There is none that desires to be released to go his own way?  Still no response.  Then he had an idea.  If any man would leave, we will not shame him.  I will come to each of you in person and you may there, privately, convey your decision.  He stepped toward the first man.  Before he reached him though the man realized he was first and stepped into the center of the circle and met Godfrey before he had taken three steps.
Milord, I am first?  He asked.
Yes, you are Eric.  Godfrey replied a little puzzled.
May I speak openly concerning my decision?  Eric asked.
Still slightly puzzled, Godfrey consented.
My brothers, I wish to speak to you and let our lord hear the response.  Milord Baron Godfrey is a kind and wise man.  He has given us our freedom and asks of us what we will do.  I know what I will do; I need not make a decision now, 'tis made.  I stay until my bones fall to the ground.  I will not leave.  He spoke with fervor that was echoed in the men's' cheer.  He desire to ask of us privately what we will do so that no man shall be shamed.  I beg his pardon, but though very considerate of each of us, it is not necessary.  I know what you will do, for you are my brothers.  I know what is in your heart, for it is in mine.  We need not ask any man whether he wishes to go; for none do.  He turned to Baron Godfrey and bowed slightly.  Milord, I know the men's hearts.  They will not leave you.  Then back to the men.  Do we go, or do we work, fight, and struggle to conquer life's perils together?  Without an instant's hesitation the men erupted into a wild chorus of yells and shouts of avowed loyalty.  We remain.  Became the repeated phrase from every lip.  Not one man spoke it from insincerity.  All were determined, all were willing, and all would stay.
~
Godfrey was moved by this affirmation of loyalty from his men.  He was moved by their heart, and he was moved by their cause.  Not only had he lost everything, but every one of them had also.  The difference was that they looked to him fully for hope.  Yes, to a degree he did look to them, but he was man of means, they were not.  True, he had lost all that he had on this estate, but his name was gift of many before him.  He would be able to regain his position in a year or two, if not in several months.  He was all that they had and he would see to it that he did not fail them.
My men, you are my servants, you are my liege property, and I am your master.  I have offered you freedom.  You have refused.  I see now that my offer was not entirely as honorable as I first believed it to be.  Indeed, it may almost be a selfish thing; for I may regain most of my possessions without the majority of you, but you cannot regain yours without me.  I do not speak of your weakness, only your position.  There is not other lord that would lend himself to your cause and most would not even lend his ear to your tale.  The truth of it is this; you are my servants and while in my service you lost all of your earthly possessions and your loved ones are either dead or taken away.  It was in my service that these things happened and by Gods divine grace it shall be in my service that these things shall be undone!  The men responded with even great fervency than before.  Some laughed and cheered; others brushed away tears and clutched at hope with a great thankfulness.
~
The next morning with the rising of the sun two men rode away from the small encampment.  They were heading north; it was Baron Godfrey and Isaac.  Godfrey had left the men with instructions to occupy them till his return.  Isaac he took with him for he knew the man needed close companionship without the rigors of rebuilding the estate which he had watched pillaged.  They had some business to attend to in various places.  There were some persons which the baron wished to call upon.  Workmen must be sent out to the estate to assist and expedite the rebuilding of suitable living quarters for his men.  Also, there was one other thing which Baron Godfrey von Dornbirn was going to look into and he believed it would be of great consequence.


Chapter XIII

Raleigh rode in next to Adrian and reached out a hand and plucked at his sleeve.  Adrian did not respond at first, so Raleigh did it once more.  Adrian turned his head slowly toward Raleigh and finally his gaze became focused on his friend.
Come fellow, you doing all right?  I knew that you looked a bit mentally preoccupied, but now I know that my first observation was not intense enough for what I find.  Raleigh looked at Adrian genuinely worried about him.  When Adrian did not answer him he was really worried.  Adrian, it is me, Raleigh.  Do I need to get you some attention?  Are you quite well?
No, was Adrians delayed and unconvincing response.  I am all right.  I was just thinking.
Amazing thoughts I am sure are circulating in your mind, but do me a favor would you; try to remain alive while you ponder the mysteries of the world.  My, but you did give me a momentary fright!  I thought maybe you were injured in the melee and were here before my eyes dying!
Sorry.  Really, I am all right.  Adrian smiled and suddenly looked himself again.  Raleigh was convinced, he was alright, then suddenly worried again.  How can he just look like his heart has quit beating one second and then be normal the next?  Raleigh thought about that and mentally shrugged.  He would have to think about it later.
What were you thinking about?  He asked, planning on finding out straight from Adrian. 
Oh, just different things.  Adrian replied a bit distant in his tone.
Really?  Well, I do believe that is the first time I have ever heard of anyone thinking about different things.  Now Raleigh was getting a little irritated.
Adrian laughed.  You dont say?  I do it all the time.  He looked at Raleigh with an innocent expression of feigned ignorance.  When he saw that Raleigh was growing irritated it made him burst with laughter.  Old boy, what is quite the matter?  Now it is I whom should be worried.  You look as though you did not get enough fighting in for one day and are ready to do battle again.  Raleighs expression did not change.  Come now, Raleigh.  I am only chatting you.  If you will consent to a change of expression into one less fierce and more congenial I will consent to the satisfaction of your curiosity.
Raleigh did indeed lighten his attitude and began to laugh himself.  It was somewhat humorous now, the whole thing.  He had been had by Adrian, the jest was on him and it was worth some mirth, or was it all a jest?  He wasnt sure.  Adrian did genuinely look distraught and troubled when he came up.  He decided to take it straight to the point.
Great trick chap, I must admit I was taken in at first.  They both laughed and then Raleigh gripped Adrians arm tightly and his face turned serious.  Adrian, friend, between you, me, and equine ears, I am not fooled.  There is something of which you are disturbed; what do you say we start with that?
Adrian, now dropping the ruse and turning serious, thought for a moment after Raleigh released his arm and finally answered.  Right, let us.  Adrian went on and told him of the incident with Sir Chavelle and Sir Gilbert and how he had been challenged by Sir Chavelle, Raleigh remembered that, and that now he was chosen by the Prince Henry and Sir Gilbert to engage Sir Chavelle in a duel to settle the entire manner.
Well, now we will see what you are made of, shall we not?  Raleigh was excited at the prospect of a duel between his best friend and the Sir Chavelle de Chaumont.  Adrian did not share his excitement.
Raleigh, I have been thinking of suggesting you to the prince, in my stead.  Adrian was playing along with the new game.
Nonsense, Sir Adrian of Essex.  Yes, I hear it now!  The mighty arrogant French knight Sir Chavelle de Chaumont has been bested by the willowy squire from Essex.  Raleigh snickered at his own joke then continued.  He was trained by no other than Sir Gilbert and Sir Raleigh, the latter of course made the greatest contribution to his success.  We indeed owe him credit, dont we all?  Then Adrian, at the mention of my name all of the townspeople, lords, and ladies began to chant it and beg me forth from humility into the light of the renowned.  Oh, yes, I can hear it now.  Raleigh closed his eyes and let a tacky grin paste itself to his face.  What is that your majesty?  He said in a mocking tone, eyes still closed.  Indeed, I will be humbled to be the master at arms for your army.  Yes, my liege I shall train the best that I know how!
Adrian howled with laughter.  Raleigh, in a way I hope that you are serious, because if you are not, I think that you are touched and should immediately be locked away in the north tower.  Yet, if you are serious, you are a fool and should be locked away at any rate.  He laughed again.  You must fight Sir Chavelle if you think that it is so easy, that you make sport of the very prospect of your comrade nearing death.
I shall, Sir, your majesty, Adrian of Essex.  Raleigh eyes were still closed; he was trying to maintain a straight face.  Adrian laughed again and chanced to look up.  When he did he saw that the small army had halted, though he could not tell why.  They were coming up on the men in front of them swiftly.  Suddenly, Adrian had a brilliant idea of petty revenge on his friend.  He slowed his horse slightly, so that Raleigh would not immediately notice and then came to a stop to watch Raleigh ride on, presumably his eyes still closed.  Within ten strides his horse, being a battle mount, and not being checked by its rider carried on into the small band of men standing in the road.  Several were knocked down and the rest jumped aside as Raleigh came through at a fast walk.  Adrian saw him jump to attention in the saddle as soon as he hit the first man.  He quickly got his horse stopped, surveyed his surroundings and then turned to look for Adrian.  Adrian sat where he was a large, genuine smile of amusement awaited Raleigh.  Suddenly, Raleigh knew it was his way of getting even and broke into hearty laughter.  The men around did not see it as funny and they cursed him sorely.  This made him laugh all the more.  Finally, one of the men who had been knocked down stepped forward and asked Raleigh if he wished to be taught a lesson on horsemanship, while on his own two feet he wanted to fight him hand-to-hand.  Raleigh was about to accept when another younger man stepped up next to his friend and said to him that these two were the royal guards of the prince, and that a fight would not be wise.
I certainly hope that they can keep their wits about them in a better fashion when guarding the prince.  The disgruntled man replied and with that he turned and stepped back into the small group.  Raleigh rode back to Adrian.
I must concede you have won the duel of wits my friend.  He smiled.  They shook hands in a mock chivalrous fashion.  Now, shall we hear the rest of the worries of his majesty?
It appeared that they were stopping for midday, so they walked their horses to a nearby field and let them graze while they talked.
To be honest I was thinking of two other things.  Adrian said after they had dismounted.
Which were?
One thing is you never finished your story that you were telling me some time ago, that morning after our first encounter with the prince.
You mean about my little row with Sir Gilbert?
Yes, the same.
Well, there is not that much to tell, really.  Obviously I had been a fool, but it all worked out satisfactory enough.  Sir Gilbert said that I had guts and showed potential and asked, might you be interested in the kings service?  I said, Yes.  And for the most part that was that, here I am; with of course a few bumps and bruises.
That is all; the end of the story?
So it seems.  There was a lot of intense training and all, but for the most part I was only about six months ahead of you in the whole ordeal.
Curious.  What about your parents?  Did you ever find out if Sir Gilbert knew your parents?
Actually, he did.  He fought alongside my father; rather I should say that my father fought alongside of him in the Percy Rebellion some years previous.  Gilbert commanded a flank of a division of the kings army.  He was there when my father was killed.  Raleigh was quiet for a bit.  Adrian spoke up, not wanting to lose the entire conversation, but trying to respect his friends private thoughts.  He changed the subject.
Have you ever heard from your sister?  Adrian knew as soon as he asked it that it was the wrong subject to insert.
Raleigh shook his head and then said.  No, I havent heard from her or about her since I left that day from the old farm building in the country.
Adrian thought about stopping, but Raleigh did not seem to mind talking about it, although he was obviously uncomfortable at the thought.
So you dont know if she is even still alive?
I have thought about that many times.  I believe that she is, but no, I dont know.  I just wish I did, and where she was.  I would be able to do something for her now.  Maybe I could make things right by her.
What do you mean?
Raleigh looked up.  Come now, Adrian, how would you feel if your brother, the only living relation in the world that you knew of, abandoned you and left you with strangers?
Adrian had never thought of that.  I suppose that I would be upset and perhaps bitter toward him.
Exactly.  Now, do you think I am going to find her and just walk up to her and say, Hello, my dear Sister, how do you fare?  There is no way that would work.
Yes, you are right.  It is a very sticky thing isnt it?
You speak truthfully.  Raleigh turned his head away.
Dont you think, though, that the longer you wait, the more difficult it is going to be?
I have thought of that also.  I suppose the question is if I am willing to ever see her again, there is not an easy way out if I plan on it.
Do you?  Adrian could see that Raleigh was struggling with the whole conversation now, but he also felt as though he were helping his friend.  He wasnt about to let it go.
Raleigh was quiet again.  Finally, he asked rather uneasily, Would you?  He needs an answer.  He needs someone to make a decision for him, or at least help him with it!  Adrian thought.
I certainly would!  I would make it a quest of mine.  Adrian was sure he would, no matter the difficulty.  No, he wasnt standing in his friends place, but yes, he was certain he would do no less in the same circumstance.  He thought of his own sister . . . he would!  How could he live with himself if he did not?  I would do it and I think you should!
Raleigh smiled, I knew you would say that.  I just hope that it is not too late, that there is still hope.
Listen, Raleigh, I will do what I can to help you.  Adrian said and placed a hand on his shoulder.  Raleigh thanked him in a frank manner and then they both began to mount up; the midday stop was over.
~
They rode on through the day and stopped an hour or so before sunset.  As they were preparing for the night and also getting ready for dinner Raleigh turned to Adrian.  You never did tell me what the other thing was that was on your mind.
Adrian stopped for a second as if trying to remember the conversation and what it was that had been on his mind.  He seemed to remember, for his face expressed it and Raleigh asked him what it was.  He was quiet for a few seconds, and then came the reply in a question.  Raleigh, have you ever been in love?
Now it was Raleighs turn under the scrutiny of his own candid memory.  Adrian had asked half-believing that he had, and so was shocked at the answer.
I never have, I suppose.  He turned his head away, and then quickly turned it back.  I must say, no.  Though there was once a girl that I would have loved, only it is impossible.  Besides, one cannot love at the sighting of a woman.  You do not even know them, you want to think that you love them, but you cannot.  That is why I knew it was impossible for me.
I saw her while I was trying to stay ahead of a band of street thieves.  I was running for all that I was worth; their feet were clattering just behind me, and came from an alleyway and saw large crowd of people.  I ran for them and found myself in the middle of a royal escort.  Immediately, I was seized and thrown to the ground.  That was when I saw her.  There came a pause in his story and Adrian watched as a crimson flow came into his cheeks.  Adrian, I had never known shame until them.  I was ashamed of all that I was.  Ashamed that I was where I was.  There was nothing that I could do but just get up and scamper off.  I never saw her again; I dont even know who she was.  So, I would have to say that I have never been in love, but I might have come close to it.
So, that leads us back to you.  Have you ever been in love?  Raleigh was glad the subject had turned from him to Adrian and was willing to allow Adrian to be uncomfortable.
I am in love.  Adrian stated quietly and slowly, his voice almost monotone.
Goodness, you believe so?
I know so.
Well, at least focus your eyes when you talk to me.  Raleigh laughed.  Seriously, are you really in love?
Adrian did focus his eyes and set down the tack that he had been carrying, it fell over on the ground and nearly hit him in the foot he didnt notice.  Yes, Raleigh, it is my belief that I am in love.
Certainly something is wrong with you, that saddle almost hit you on the foot.  
Adrian regarded the mentioned saddle with a blank face, lifted it with his toe and rolled it away from him; it flipped over with a clink.
Yes, I suppose that it could be read as something wrong, I certainly dont feel normal!  I hardly know what I am about sometimes, it is rather odd.  I forget what I a doing, or sometimes why I am doing what I am.  It could be rather frustrating if it wasnt so elating.  Life seems so bright, birds seem happier, days are wonderful no matter the weather; it is like everything knows that she is alive and that I love her . . . and they are somehow glad.  My body cares neither about discomfort nor rest.  My heart is a joyful instrument of life.  My mind is a swirling gale of pleasant thoughts.  It is like nothing that I have ever experienced before!  There was a wistful look on his face as he said these last words and again Raleigh was lost in the blurry gaze of Adrian.
Raleigh finally cleared his throat.  I must admit Adrian, from my perspective I am tempted to stand by my first assumption that you are touched in the head.  To hear you speak makes me feel foolish and wonder that you dont feel that way yourself.  Of course after previously admitting that I have never been in love, therefore know next to nothing of it, I can only assume that my feelings of foolishness can only be attributed to the realm of the unenlightened.  Raleigh paused to see if Adrian had even heard what he had said.  Say, old boy, did you hear what I just spoke?
Adrian nodded and then refocused his eyes on his friend.  Then he spoke, surprising Raleigh, inasmuch as it seemed he had not paid proper attention.
I believe you are right, Raleigh.  It is indeed foolishness.  Love is foolishness, or very close to it.  It is a risk, it is a long shot, and it is a chance that you stake your heart upon.  Isnt that what love is?  Does not a mother love her child?  Yet, she has no guarantee that it will ever love her.  Does she consider this when she carries it in her womb, when she gives it suck, when she washes it, cradles it, or lulls it to sleep with her own weary, yet happy voice?  I think not!  If it does enter her mind, her mothers love quickly expels it and suppresses every self-serving thought that would be to the detriment of this helpless bundle of a miracle.  Does she have the foreknowledge that her child will grow to make her proud, love her and cause honor to come to her?  Again, no.  Yet, she loves.  Is it not foolishness?  It would be were it not first called love.
Where did we get this love, but from our Father in Heaven?  Was He not nearly foolish in loving us?  Look at humanity; do we know what it will do?  I trow we do not!  Certainly, Divinity does, but must have chosen not to consult his foreknowledge when loving us; else He would have realized with many it would have done no good.  Did we not kill his Image, His greatest expression of love?  Did we not take His flesh and nail it to a Roman cross?  Does that not seem foolish?  It would be were it not done for loves sake.
It is for love that we do what we do most of the time.  Either love of ones self, or love for others, which is love for God.
Raleigh stood there with his things in his hands, stunned into silence by these words that he had just heard from his contemporary.  His mouth was slightly open and he meant to say something, but nothing came.  He could not measure the impact the words had on him, nor could he fathom from where they came.  His mind was reeling and reliving vivid memories of childhood, refocusing and reassessing each remembered event of his past in this new light which had just shown upon his life and mind.  All these things were coming and going at the speed of the suns brilliant rays of light, maybe faster.  So many thoughts, yet so few words came to mind.  He had nothing to say, so he said nothing at all.  Adrian thought maybe he had spoken in a mysterious, incomprehensible way and tried, unnecessarily, to rectify and explain himself.
Well. . .  He put his hands up in a shrug of renunciation.  Maybe, I dont have it all straight.  I suppose that is just the way I see it.  It is possible. . .
Raleigh put his free hand up and motioned for him to stop.  Adrian did.  They both stood there for a minute or two just silently thinking, the other unsure of what to do.  Finally, Raleigh spoke.
My friend, Adrian, do you just realize what you said?
Adrian was somewhat confused he was not sure what the question referred to, the literal or the implicative.  He had not meant to be confrontational or chiding in his words.  Maybe he had been too emphatic, but then that is the best way he had found to describe what he thought love was.  I . . . dont know, came his reply.
Oh, but of course you do!  You know more that you think that you know!  How is it you came by this manner of thinking; of this description of love?  Raleigh set his things down and sat down on the ground as if he were about to learn from a master philosopher of the ancient city of Athens.  This made Adrian nervous, so he also sat.
I dont really know that I came to know these things.  They just seemed to come to me.  My father taught me many things about life and I listen to others; I try to learn by observation.  I dont know.  I did not really learn them or take thought to see them in that way, it simply happened.
Yes, but there had to be a key!  There had to be something that caused you, consciously or unconsciously, to put it all together.  What was it?  Raleigh was acting in a way that Adrian had never seen him before.  He had always been confident, yet not proud, at the same time courteous, never asking for help or advice, yet always taking it humbly.  This was different; he was as if a scared lad of young years.  Adrian was unsure of what to do next.
~
Raleigh could not believe what was happening to him.  He felt so foolish.  Foolish.  Wasnt that the word that Adrian used to describe love?  Maybe this is love, or learning of it.  Maybe before I can know anything of love I must feel foolish.  Is that why I have never learned anything of it before; because I was never willing to feel or appear foolish?  He did not know.  All that he knew was that whatever Adrian had to say to him in the next few minutes was going to change his life.  That he knew!  Why was he feeling like this?  He felt vulnerable, weak.  What if Adrian saw it and made a mock of him?  He wouldnt do that; would he?  Raleigh did not know.  He looked at Adrian and realized that he could trust him.  If anybody understood, it would be him.  After all he was not ashamed of all of this.  Look at him, he looks as serious as a monk, no shame, no fear, just sober and . . . and what?  Serene.  Peaceful.  Crazy!  Here he was, someday to be a knight, a man of power and ability, and listening to his own thoughts of serenity and peace!  He felt ashamed, but then remembered that was part of knighthood, part of the chivalrous way.  He couldnt remember feeling peace.  He was sure that he had, but he couldnt remember it, and now in his heart there began to grow envy for his friend Adrian; an envy that he would have never imagined to exist.  Why should he be envious?  He never had before.  Yet, he was, that he knew.
Then he heard his voice in a pleading tone ask again, Adrian what helped you to see this?
Adrian was shocked by his friends actions, but held his peace concerning them and presented no query to him.  Instead, he answered the question directly.
A girl, with whom I am in love.
A girl?
Well, a young lady, sorry.
Did she tell you these things?
No, but it was her that caused me to see them, I suppose.
Where did you meet her?
Right there in London.  She lives at an orphanage.
An orphanage?  Raleighs mind was confused.  What kind of girl living at an orphanage would be able to bring this about?  Why is she at an orphanage?  Does she live there for employment or for necessity?
Well, she does help around the place a bit, but she lives there because she has no living relatives, at least none that she knows of.
Does she have a name?  He finally asked.
Adrian started to chuckle, but caught himself.  Certainly, she does.
So you know her?  Raleigh shifted in his position.  What kind of girl, young lady, could teach a lad as Adrian of the things of love and life?  He wanted to know her also!
Yes, I know her very well.  Adrian smiled at the thought of the pleasure he had derived just from making her acquaintance and coming to know her.
What is her name?
Victoria Marie.  Adrian said, still smiling.
Raleighs body jerked and stiffened.  It was if an arrow had been fired from a short distance and found its mark within his chest.  For some few moments this is what Adrian thought.  His friends face turned deadly white.  His fists began to clench and open, in recurring motion.  His mouth fell open and he was gasping for breath.  Adrian was all but terrified by what he saw.  He called out to his friend.
Raleigh!  There was no reply, nor any recognition of hearing.  Raleigh!  Are you hit?  Are you ill?  Adrian jumped up and bounded to his side, a mere two strides away.  He looked at him, no bleeding, and no arrow, nothing to indicate injury.  Adrian shook him roughly.  Raleigh, what is it?  Are you alright?  There was a slow, sad, and low moan that escaped Raleighs open mouth and he reached up and clutched at Adrians lapels and then at his chest and stomach with both hands.
~
Raleigh had never before experienced anything quite like what he felt now.  His chest was tight and he felt as though a steed had kicked him in the midsection.  He tried to answer Adrian, but could not; he could barely breathe!  Could it be?  He knew even as he asked himself the question that it was a pointless one.  It was!  It had to be!  He tried to speak, but found himself barely above a whisper.
~
Raleigh was trying to say something to him.  He leaned closer, but could not readily distinguish what it was that he heard.  Then it came to him!  
My . . . sister, my sister. . . 
That was all that was necessary.  Now suddenly Adrian felt as if he had been pierced by the same phantom shaft which he had imagined his friend to be taken with.  He cried out!  No distinguishable words, just the sound of inexpressible, overwhelming shock.  His sister!  Raleighs sister?!  Was he sure?
 Raleigh.  Adrian had succumbed to nearly the same symptoms as him.  Are you sure?  He could barely breathe.
His answer was a nod and then Raleigh fainted.
~
Adrian clambered to his feet and searched around for a water bag, upon finding one he quickly returned to his friends side.  He pulled the cork from the mouth of the bag and began frantically spilling water onto his face; due to his nervous condition he consequently spread it over more of an area than necessary.  So it was that Raleigh began to stir within his very soaked tunic and lifted up a dripping face, with drenched hair, to survey what it was that was happening.  Adrian saw him lift his head.  He clumsily replaced the cork on the bag and dropped it to the ground.
Oh, Raleigh, you are okay!  Sorry about the mess; I must say that I got a bit carried away.  Adrian was still a little shaken, yet greatly relieved at the recovery.
Indeed a mess, why am I soaked thus?  Raleigh pulled the cold, wet tunic away from his chest and looked at it.
Well, old chap, you appeared to have feinted.  I dont know why it bothered me so much.  I have seen several people feint; it was probably the fact which you just relayed to me.
Raleigh remembered what had been spoken moments before.  His sister!  How could this all be happening?  They must discuss it further but right now he was getting cold with the sun already set and a soaked body.
Please help me up old fellow.  I am shaken and ashamed, but now I must get out of these clothes lest I catch cold.  Adrian needlessly helped him up.  Well, Raleigh continued.  Did you not say earlier today that you would help me find my sister?
I did at that.  Yet, how do you know for certain it is she?
I know.  There is no other girl that would have those two names, living in an orphanage without any family, and in London.  When I went to the two poor couple about taking care of my sister, they said that if they were incapable they knew of an orphanage in London that would take her in.  It has to be her!  There is no doubt in my mind.  He was thoughtful for time then asked.  How is she doing?
She appears to be doing very well.  Raleigh, she is a beautiful young lady.  In the time I have known her I have found her to be witty, humorous, and independent.  Also, she seems to be a soul with such inner conflict; sometimes I am very puzzled by things that she does.  I try to help.  I have asked her about what was causing discomfort many times and gotten nowhere.  Other times she has spoken freely, but of those, very few do I feel as though the real issue was addressed.  I am not sure of what to think.
Raleigh chuckled.  She sounds like my mother.  It was something that I remember bothering father often.  When do you go to see her next?
The day after we return from our travel here.
I see, I might ask a favor of you then.


Chapter XIV

Sir Chavelle threw down his coat upon the settee in his rented quarters and turned to Philippe, who was standing by.  What went wrong, Philippe?  I dont understand.  He was totally frustrated and nearly completely enraged.  
Philippe knew the temper of his master and he feared it.  He had seen Chavelle become furious and go into a fit of utter rage, with no hope of recovery until the wave had passed.  He had beaten many servants and other men.  He had, in fact, killed one servant; he had nearly killed Philippe once.  Yes, Philippe was afraid.  He did not answer, for he knew that no answer was sufficient in times like this.
Philippe!  Chavelle turned to him after nearly screaming his name.  Philippe. . .  Chavelle paused and Philippe saw the anger rampant in his eyes.  Then Chavelles expression softened slightly and he finished.  Philippe, you served me well.  From what you told me you did your best with a very, very adverse circumstance.  I know I seldom say it and even less, feel it, but I am grateful to you for your service.  I do not hold you accountable; but what in Heavens name went wrong!  Chavelle pounded a nearby chest of drawers with a mighty fist.  The facing of one of the drawers came loose and swung slowly down to hang by a few wood fibers, where it swayed a little back and forth.  Chavelle looked at it and then ripped it off, the wood rending free, and cast it with exceeding wrath at the wall.  It hit the stonework and splintered apart and each piece in turn fell to the ground.  Then it was silent.  Philippe did not dare move, he hardly dared to breathe.  Yet, Chavelle dared to move and breathe both at his own passionate will.  He paced the room, up and down, up and down, and finally stopped and stared at the damaged drawer.  The only sound was his heavy breathing as his chest heaved, not from exertion of physical fury, but the deeper exercising of the inner self at the loss of ones temper.
Suddenly, he sighed deeply and it was almost perfectly quiet, but for the sound of a rattling across the way of the kitchen preparing for dinner.  Then Chavelle spoke in a quiet subdued voice, almost softly, almost gently.  
Philippe.
Yes, Milord.  The wave had passed and the tide had washed out the tantrum; Heaven help him who is to face this resolute, cold man that was left, thought Philippe.  
We have suffered a setback, but not a defeat.
Yes, Milord.
I have a preliminary plan, but I will need some time to think it over.
Very good, Milord.
Enough with the muttering; let me finish.  Chavelle said, irritated, but quietly.
Yes, Mi . . .
I need some time to think.  Also, I am going to need a few things from the market; I will be dining alone tonight.  You may take supper with the rest of the occupants at the table.  Chavelle gave Philippe a verbal list of things which he was to obtain from the market place.  Philippe went and Chavelle poured himself a beaker of spirits and sat in the chair by the window, looking out on a large thoroughfare.  This section of the street was known to the local people as Beggars Row.  Of course Chavelle did not know this; even if he had he would not have guessed at its significance.  This being true, he was not made to guess, but time and fate brought to him what he could never guess of.
He had been seated thus, sipping away at his wine in wooden goblet, when a shock broke upon his sight.  He had noticed all of the beggars immediately after his being seated in the chair; they were of no consequence to him.  He had seen plenty of beggars in his lifetime; he cared not, so he simply ignored them, until now.  As he had been sitting there, his gaze fixed, then sweeping, then fixed again, but never really focused; he cared not for what he was looking at it was purely a preoccupation of the eyes and the restless portion of his brain so that they might leave him alone to think.  But now, he did focus, for what came upon his field of vision was that which also was being contemplated in the analytical portion of his brain.  It was none other than the very object of all his mental striving.  It was Adrian.  He sat up in disbelief, then in total curiosity.  What luck, fate, or any other such thing, would bring Adrian to this street upon which he lodged?  He thought.  Maybe it wasnt Adrian, but another look established the fact.  It was.  He watched to see what the boy was doing or would do.
~
Adrian was indeed happy; happy to be back, happy to be alive, and happy to be here.  He would be seeing Victoria Marie in a matter of seconds.  This he had waited for and thought of for the past day and night.  He had yearned for her company and almost couldnt bear the thought of waiting to see her till the following day.  Well, he had bore it, he had waited, and now here he was!
Suddenly, he saw Victoria; she was talking to another girl there.  She did not see him.  He began to quicken his pace and walk toward her.  Then she looked up and saw him.  A smile spread across her face, which blushed slightly, and then she met his eyes.  Adrians heart began to beat with more vigor.  He, too, smiled.
~
Just then the door opened and Philippe walked in, he had returned from the marketplace.
Milord, I have returned and brought your request.
Chavelle raised a hand for silence, and then said.  So it appears.  Philippe, please do come here immediately.  Philippe did.  What do you see out of this window?
A street, dirty, and people, also dirty.
Yes, of no significance correct?
It would appear so, Milord.
Indeed, and so it has appeared for the past three quarters of an hour, until now.
Milord?  Philippe sought to find what it was that would change the significance of the entire scene of the street, but did not see.  I believe, but do not understand.
Chavelle laughed, Is it not so with all of us.  Then he got back to the point.  What would cause such a scene to change from one of utter irrelevance to one of the greatest importance and bearing upon our present circumstances?  What one thing?
I know not.  Unless, it would be someone.
Ah-ha!  You are close to the truth.  That someone is standing there. . .  Chavelle pointed to a man whose back was turned to them.  Watch, he will turn this way, as he has several times already.  Indeed, he did for he was a watchful young man and was always unconsciously assessing his surroundings.
Then Philippe saw his face.  Adrian of Essex!  He was baffled as well as curious.  Milord, what would he being doing out there?
Exactly.
Milord?
You have struck upon the main point; that is what I want to know.
Chavelle gave instructions to Philippe to wait until Adrian had left and then find out what he was doing there.  He outlined a method of sinister contrivance and they both began to smile.
~
Adrian was laughing at something that she had said and its sound was a pleasant one upon the ears of Victoria Marie.  She had been upset at him for not showing up for the past two weeks, but now this one short laugh and his brilliant smile had put all that behind her.  She was becoming more accustomed to the thought of her love for him and willing to allow it to comfort her slightly though not too much to put her faith in it, totally.  She smiled at Adrian.  His eyes sparkled as he laughed.  She felt so happy; happier than she could ever remember feeling before.
~
Adrian squatted down, resting himself on his heels while balancing on his toes.  He was still smiling at Victoria, but now not laughing.  His face grew serious, but not harsh or even upset, just serious, sincere.
Victoria, I missed you so.  I am sorry that I had to go, sorry that I could not let you know where I was going.  Please do forgive me.  He said in a quiet voice with utmost sincerity behind every syllable.
Victoria had been upset, but now she wasnt; she said he was forgiven and that it had not been a problem.  This was not the truth, but a not entirely a lie.  Or was it?  After all she was not upset now, didnt that mean that she was not upset at all?  Wasnt it the end result that mattered, not what had happened in a moment of emotional weakness?  That was not the real her, therefore she could not be held responsible for what the other her did in times when she was not in control.  Consequentially, she could say, with some conviction, that No she had not been upset!
Victoria Marie did not really examine her own thinking process as thus, but in speaking she had found no flaw in its logic, at least to her.  What she did not know was that this little innocent lie was like a dart in the heart of the unassuming Adrian, the very one she thought to impress with her constitution and resistance against petty weaknesses of humanity; that she was above them.
Adrian inwardly winced at the answer.  She did not miss me?  Maybe he had been wrong about her feelings.  Maybe he had assumed too much?  It was possible that she didnt care about him more than anyone else whom she saw around the city.  His face registered the pain, though he tried to keep it back.  Now he didnt even want to talk to her!  He couldnt, he was sick to his stomach and his head hurt.  It was like he was looking at a scene etched on the surface of a pool, everything was moving and swirling not registering in his mind as real.  He was not dizzy, but very confused.
~
Victoria was just about to ask him where he had went off to; when suddenly he stood and looked around with a sickly look on his face.  Was he alright?  She wanted to ask, but couldnt get the words out of her mouth, they seemed to stick in her throat and slide back down.  She tried several times to toss them out, but they would not come.  She was too scared to ask.  What would he say?  Was he unexpectedly upset at her?  If so, she did not want to know what it was; she could not handle his displeasure.  She simply just kept her mouth closed and let the question of care and concern sink helplessly back down her throat and lose itself forever in the darkness within her heavy-feeling abdomen.
~
Adrian blinked his eyes and softly cleared his throat.  Victoria, I really should get going.  I have some things that I need to do.  He stood up and looked down at her.  He was waiting for a response.  Something.  Anything.  A question of why he had to leave.  An apology for saying she did not miss him, or at least a clarification that that is not what she had meant.  Anything, but nothing came.  Not even a good-bye.  She only looked at him with those deep eyes, yet try as he might he could not read them.
She tried to smile to let him know that she was not upset at him for whatever reason, but instead the corners of her mouth just quivered and she felt as though she would start to cry any time.
Adrian lifted a hand in farewell and then turned slowly around and went away and down the street and eventually disappeared from her misty, tearful view.  What happened?  What had she done wrong?  As sincere as she was to know, she did not.  She did not know because she did not possess the learned and disciplined skill of self-honesty.  Even if she knew what she had done, she would not have been able to see the error of why she did it, therefore she would feel as though it was her that was misunderstood and wronged.  
And so two dear lovers separated for the day; one walking away with a heavy heart of perceived rejection and the other sitting with tearful eyes, and with a heavy heart of perceived rejection.  They also both shared something else, confusion.
~

Chavelle watched as Adrian stood and as he turned about and walked away down the street.  The spring was missing in his step, something had gone wrong, and he was going to find out about it.  He sent Philippe out to initiate his little plan.
~

Hello, there.  The soft voice spoke toward her, but she did not look up.  She had heard the approaching steps, but she cared not for conversation right now.  Miss, I am sorry to bother you, but I do need some help.  Still she did not acknowledge his presence nor respond.  She was ready to go home anyway; she was just going to gather her things and then leave and let this man stand here and speak to the open air.  She reached over for her cloak and the tin which held her precious few coins and stood.  Then, even still, without acknowledging the speaker she put her shoulder toward him and started to leave.  She found her way subtly blocked by a swift movement of feet on his part.  She still did not respond only halted, staring at the ground.  His footwear was boots, heavily buckled and she noticed that he wore leather leggings.  This she had only seen on soldiers, maybe this man was a soldier.  No matter, what concern did that find in her heart?  She hated soldiers on any account!  She turned away again and started to step when the voice issued once more, then she stopped.
My dear miss, I am looking for Adrian of Essex.  Victoria looked up.  The voice, she thought, came from a young speaker, probably no more than twenty years old, possibly younger.  She did not answer him.  The young man smiled.  I see that you know him.  No response.  Indeed, rather shall I say that I know that you know him, or at least are acquainted with him?
She nodded her head slightly, but held her lips tight.
The man spoke on, I do believe that you can speak, for I saw you conversing with Adrian and have come to ask you of him.  Do not fear, I know him or at least of him.  Please do speak with me.
She thought for a moment then responded.  I must go home.
Fine.  Do not allow me to hinder your obligations.  He stepped out her way and swung a mildly melodramatic hand toward the street.  May I?
She looked at him puzzled.  May he what?  She wondered.  He saw the puzzled expression and explained himself.
Might I be of service to accompany you on your way?
Victoria shrugged.  You may, part of the way, I suppose.
Very good.  Please lead on.
She did and he fell into step with her.  Neither spoke for a minute or two.  Finally, she asked, What was it that you wanted to know of Adrian?
So you admit to knowing him?
Yes.  She looked at him strangely.  Hadnt he said that he knew that she did?
Well, I am here with my master and we have been trying to locate him.  Today I only caught a glimpse of some one that I thought to be him tried to follow him.  I was some distance away and could not catch up to him.  That is until I saw him talking to you.  I was on my way over here when he stood and left.  Rather than pursue him again only to fall behind I thought I might talk with you.
She nodded, without commitment, listening.
The truth is that I was sent to find where he resides and other information of him.  My master is an old friend of the family and has tried to contact Adrian, but has not been able to talk with him personally.  It seems that he has been gone for the last few weeks?  Philippe posed this as a question, fishing for information.  Of course everything that he was saying was a lie, but if it worked that is all that he cared about.  He knew where Adrian was, he was not a friend of the family, quite the opposite at this point, but she seemed to believe him well enough.
Victoria gave her first real response.  Maybe it was the subject of Adrians being away that triggered her to speak of it, but whatever it was this young man now had her attention and conversation.  Yes, he had to go away for something.  I dont know what it was or where he went, but yes; he did return and spoke with me just a few minutes ago.
A matter of business I presume.  He said this with a nice smile to cover up the slight intrusion into something that was not his business.
Actually, no, we were talking; he had come to see me.  She looked down and her voice began to crack with some emotion.  I dont know what happened.  She whispered under her breath.  He just left suddenly.  I think that maybe he was upset with me.
Philippe did not answer.  He did not want to interrupt.  He had come for information and he was not about to stop this flow that had come by merit of this girls emotional trouble.  She seemed a bit too trusting of people, thought Philippe, but the consequence of anothers weakness was not his business or his concern; he was here to follow orders.  After all did not he have enough things to worry about?  He could, he supposed, feel sorry for this poor beggar girl and even decline to take advantage of her and her circumstances.  Was it her fault that she knew Adrian?  They did not care to do her harm; it was Adrian that they wanted.  Though the voice of his better self, prompted by guilt, tried to speak, the fear of a raging lord gagged the mouth of conscious.  He put his guilt to rest with resolution to obey the hand that fed him; was it not his duty?
I dont know, Victoria continued.  It is possible that I said something wrong, but I dont know.  I really dont want to hear from him either.  I would rather just let it go because even if I knew what was wrong, I dont think that I could change anything.
What a depressive view of life, thought Philippe.  It appears our little pawn is fixed in a cycle of hopelessness.  He almost felt sorry for her as you would a person whom has lost all hope but for what is in front of them; their meager piece of bread, their few possessions, and their small world.  Their own little world where they refuse to acknowledge any other aspects of a grander world and universe.  As if they were the earth, isolated and alone, no one else around or near; no one else in existence.  When truth is that the earth would not even be able to exist without the sun.  Indeed the sun is the center of the planetary system wherein the earth resides; it is a colossal part of the function of the only world that the earth ever knew.  So it is with individuals.  They think that they are the only ones that are in existence and that all others do not exist.  Reality speaks to us that our very existence is contingent and in constant reliance of the existence of others.
And so it was that these people, as Victoria, did not want to acknowledge anything else, but what they already knew.  Good or bad.  The bad was to be ignored, it was too weighty a matter to try and correct.  The good was to be denied, it was a tremendous liability upon ones faith, should it fail.  Thus, Victorias small scope of life and passion to avoid passion at all costs.
So, Philippe almost felt sorry for Victoria, but did not.  He severed himself from all feelings of sympathy or pity.  He being a servant of a cruel master had learned to do so in order to survive; abuse seems to always keep a straight and blank face upon its victims.
He responded to Victoria, but not to her statement.  Will you see him again?
Oh, yes, I imagine so.  He is very kind and does not hold a grudge long, though sometimes I wonder at the things that upset him.
What do you mean?
Well, he seems to become upset at things that I dont even notice, such as today.  Most of the time he will not mention why he was so, but just overlook it and in time speak as kindly as ever.  It can be very frustrating.  She shook her head.
Philippe laughed.
What is funny?  She looked a little offended by his laughter.
Nothing, only he sounds like a woman.  He laughed again.
Victoria did not find it humorous.  I beg your pardon?  Are you saying that Adrian is like a woman?  She looked at him in a very cross manner.
Philippe stopped laughing and with great effort erased the smile from his face.  Well, not exactly.
That is what you said, that he sounds like a woman.
I did, but I did not want you to think that I believed him to be.
Of course you cannot believe him to be, since he is a man.  Even so, what is wrong with being like a woman?
I suppose nothing. 
You suppose?  She was getting angry now.
Philippe saw that he was in a trap.  It did not matter which way that he went, he would be wrong.  That was what he had meant!  Women could get you coming and going!  It did not matter what you meant when you said the wrong thing.  Also, it did not matter that you said words gilded properly when you meant something else.  He must be very careful here.  He paused a few more seconds to think and weigh his words.
Actually, I meant nothing deprecating.  You know that men are men and women are woman.
Except the men that you think are as woman.
Wrong answer!  He thought again.  What I am trying to say, though I know I am poor with words, this of course was a lie, for he fancied himself good with words, but thought feigned humility would help his case.  Well, he would see just how good he was.   . . . Women are distinct and men are distinct, but both have ways about them that are good for the other gender to learn and emulate.  All that I am trying to say is that Adrian appears to have learned some very good lessons from the feminine race at an early age.  Philippe figured that was about the best answer he could come up with and hoped it would be adequate to quench the blaze in her eyes.
Victoria raised an eyebrow.  She did not believe for a second that was what this man really meant, but it was almost laughable the way he had stumbled about and tried to invent a pure motive from a sinister heart; so she allowed herself to appear pleased.  The man visibly relaxed.  If the verbal squirm was laughable, the fake smile of confidence now being displayed was more so.
I knew that you would understand my intent.  I apologize for communicating it so poorly from the beginning.
Victoria nodded.  She did not know anything about this stranger, but now was learning a little about him.  He was a liar.  That was enough information to prompt an offensive action on the part of Victoria.  She decided to inquire about him.
So, what is your masters name?  She thought that he would stumble about and try to think one up.  What was he after?  Maybe he had just thought her pretty and was trying to get around her and fancy himself liked by her.  Did he have some ill intentions?  Possibly he was trying to find out her feelings toward Adrian that he might know if the way was open toward his romantic advances.  She did not know, but she did not like him.  She thought these things, without knowing that she was absolutely wrong.  She could not have even imagined what she was now involved in.  Had she had the capacity to imagine the evil that lurked in the orders behind Philippes master she would have never talked with him or allowed him to walk her one step along her way.  Thus she was surprised at his immediate and apparently honest answer.
Sir Chavelle de Chaumont de Cousteau.
She was stunned into silence.  He appeared to be telling the truth.  If so, what did that mean?  He had come up with the words too fast for it to be a lie.  The name alone seemed to take words away.  Whoever this mans master was, he sounded important.  She began to lose confidence and creep back toward her ever ready defensive tactics.
Where is he from?  She asked trying to sound intelligent.
As I said, from Chaumont.  Philippe smiled inwardly, she really is nave!
I see.  They had stopped in the street and now she sensed that she had lost whatever advantage she had had.  She turned to go.  Might I tell Adrian the next time I see him that you wish to speak with him?  She did not know what to think at this point and was all too willing to get away.
No, no.  Actually, I would ask you to refrain from saying anything.  My master wishes their reaquaintance to be a surprise for him.  In this he did not lie, but the meaning was something other than that Victoria believed it to be.
If you desire such.  She did not really mean it to be helpful, but that is the way it issued forth.
We do.  It would be a great help if you could simply tell us where he lives.
Truly, I do not know where he lives.  He has come to visit me many times at my lodgings, yet I do not even know what part of the city he dwells.
I see.  Well, the next best thing has been brought up.  Where is your dwelling?
Victoria paused.  She was slightly suspicious of this man and now this question, but then having given it thought she saw no harm.  After all no harm could come of it; there were so many others there also.  She told him.  He seemed puzzled, but did not speak to indicate such.  
Might my master call upon you there sometime?
If he wishes to.  I cannot hinder him from coming.
Would you?
I wont know until I meet him.
Very well then.  She expected him to say more but he did not.  He simply nodded, smiled, spoke a sincere thank you and a friendly good evening, bent and kissed her hand.  
~
She watched him go with perplexity circulating in her mind.  She could not piece together the reasoning behind the entire encounter.  Nevertheless, she did look forward to being called upon by a real lord.  She finally turned her own way with thoughts of a great lord calling upon her for whatever reason came to her mind.  Thus, she was occupied all the way home.
~
Philippe was similarly occupied.  He could not discern why Adrian, the son of a nobleman, soon to be a knight for the English prince, would spend time with the likes of a beggar girl.  Yes, of course, he admitted, she was pretty, but were there not courts full of more beautiful maidens who awaited only the attention of an up and coming young man as Adrian appeared to be?  Why would Adrian want to see this little slip of a girl?  It was a mystery to reflect on.  He could not make sense of it and so he was pondering this all the way back to his own lodgings.
~

Excellent Philippe.  Exclaimed Chavelle.  We are off to a favorable beginning in our little scheme.
Yes, Milord.  Philippe nodded, not entirely sure of the greatness of the scheme as he had aforetime been convinced.  It was something about the helplessness of the girl, that she did not even sense in herself, which caused him to question the ethics of such a thing.  She was very vulnerable, but seemed to think herself quite strong and safe in this world in which she lived.  Indeed, she was not.  It was a treacherous world where power meant doing whatever you could, to whomever you could, for whatever reason.  


Book Two: Love and Honor Defended

Chapter XV

Over the course of the next couple of days Adrian and Raleigh lodged personally in the house of the king with the prince.  Prince Henry enjoyed their company and effected to them that he might like them to remain permanently with him.  They also enjoyed his company and agreed that should it please the prince they would be his servants and friends beneath his roof.
After his return, Prince Harry got drunk every evening.  He would leave the palace at the late afternoon taking a bag of money with him and make his way into the crowded streets of London.  He would speak to Adrian and Raleigh that they remain there to await his return. Yet, they were compelled by their desire to see that the prince enjoyed his drunken stupor safely.  They made sure he was guarded from the ruffians of the pubs by following closely behind; for he seemed to choose the very worst sections of the city to indulge his habit.  This was mostly to avoid the upper class gossip; for surely they would not be seen in those parts, thus they would not see him.  Yet, there was within his desire for drink, a driving motivation to escape the great responsibility of the bloody crown that threatened to be placed upon his head one day.
The relations with his father were not good and that contributed to the matter significantly.  In recent months he had been thrown out of the kings council chamber and consequently the very council itself.  Effectively barred and shamed.  It was not the shame that bothered him, for he felt none, but he felt he should be able to exercise his rights according to his opinion and will in the kingdom as he saw fit; he was the crown prince.  Most often he disagreed with the methods of the king and it certainty did not make for good councils, hence his expulsion.
So, he went to the bottle; he enjoyed the company of the common man at any rate.  There was no pressure, you were accepted as you were, and you were safe as long as you could hold to a cup of ale and stay on your chair.  Once you succumbed to the daze of drink you would feel no pangs of disloyalty against those who robbed you a minute after they helped you to buy the last drink.
Thus, the two young men were ever watchful in the wings and let the word out that that they would not suffer a hair of Henrys to so much as be plucked for the poor as he indulged.  Indulge he did.  He got very drunk the first time out and the lion brothers had to literally drag him away from the pub.  They remained with him the next day nursing his hangover and generally expressing concern for this practice.
Good lads are you.  Prince Harry said, barely above a whisper.  You are both too kind, you make me feel a little soft lying here with your tipping about and quiet chattering, but nonetheless, I am eternally grateful.  He stopped and winced as he swallowed hard.  His head was throbbing.  He closed his eyes half-way and asked.  How long did I keep you up last night?
Not too long, Milord.  Adrian replied.
How long is that?  The prince managed a smile.
Just past the first watch.  It was a good thing that the one of the guards were still on duty as when we left; else we might have been taken in for trying to steal the prince away.  The other guard didnt know us and was all for arresting us on the spot.
The prince chuckled at this in spite of the surging pain with each small vibration of the action.  I would imagine the best place to steal and take a captive is back to his own house.  That way you can be sure that nobody knows about it.  He said sarcastically.  It is such a good thing that our guards are all brilliant donkeys, isnt it?  He chuckled again and squinted his eyes closed against the discomfort.
Sometimes men act without thought, but with heart.  Raleigh submitted.
Indeed!  The prince opened his eyes.  Sometimes they do thus, yet all the heart does not compensate for a mind!  
They both agreed and laughed quietly.
Harry adjusted himself into a more comfortable position on the big four-poster bed.  I would love to talk with the both of you all day, but I am afraid that my head is complaining rather adamantly about this conversation.
Certainly.  We will leave and come in half of an hour.  Adrian went over and put the oil lamp out and they went quietly out.
~
As Adrian and Raleigh sat in the antechamber, within earshot of the princes room, the subject turned toward Victoria Marie.  Raleigh asked how things went when Adrian had gone to see her.  He replied that they had not gone well.  She had intimated that she did not miss him at all.
She said that?  Asked Raleigh.
Not exactly.  When I told her that I had missed her and was sorry that I had to go away she said something to the nature that it was not a problem.
I see, but that does not mean that she did not miss you.  Raleigh pointed out to him.
I suppose that it does not, but she did not say that she did.  He paused.  I would have, in fact I did.
There is where you made your first mistake.  Raleigh pointed out again.
What, in telling her that I missed her?  Adrian was puzzled if not near disbelief.
No, certainly not.  What I was referring to is the fact that you assumed that because you would have said such to her were the roles reversed, she should have done the same.
You dont think she should have? 
That is not what I said.  She should have, but it was a mistake to assume that she would.  Raleigh crossed his legs and leaned one elbow on the arm of the small couch.  When we were still . . ., that is before I left, I had much the same problem.  She is not good at communication; never has been.  I tried to tell her that, but she would not change, at least not much.  She would not tell me if she was cold, hungry, tired, or hurting.  I think that she didnt want to complain, but really I would rather had her complain; that way I would not have to spend all my energies worrying if she was okay.  I was always on the alert to watch her every move, because I never knew what she was thinking or how she was feeling.  Sometimes, she would become upset with me and I could not ascertain why.
That is part of the reason why I left.  I just couldnt do it anymore.  I was always trying to pluck at falling leaves with her and I just got to the place where I could no longer catch them.  I felt like I was letting her down, but I didnt have whatever it was inside to just keep on that way. 
I would hear her cry at night, but when I would slip over to her pallet in the dark, and whisper a question of her welfare she would say it was nothing.  She was nearly unfathomable.  I could not get her to open up to me.  I say nearly, because I knew that I could, but the desire to do so, to press constantly upon her in questioning was fading quickly.  When the next morning arrived it was as if nothing had ever happened.
I must be quite honest with you, Adrian, that very thing is a large part of the reason why I left.  On one hand I felt like I was failing her and on the other something kept telling me, you dont have to do this, you cant keep this up.  I dont know what inner voice spoke thus, but I believe it was telling the truth, or at least I believed it at the time.  I have had opportunity to question its accuracy, but never to validate or dismiss it entirely.
Adrian watched as Raleigh sunk lower into the couch and turned his head toward the hallway where the windows let in rectangular shafts of sunlight from the brilliant afternoon.  Adrian turned his gaze to the same place as his friends and was quiet.
It is a bright day.  Adrian commented with an objective in mind.
Raleigh just nodded and grunted something close to an agreement.
Do you want to find out?  Adrian asked after several more seconds.
At first Raleigh did not respond, but finally broke his focus away from the rectangles on the hall floor.  Find out what?
Whether your past motives were valid or invalid.
What exactly do you mean by that?
Look outside.  Raleigh did.  Why dont we go outside and take a walk in the nice weather.
You think that will help?  Raleigh asked.
Not the walk or the weather, but where it will take us. 
Raleigh caught on immediately.  You mean to the orphanage, to my sister?
Adrian smiled. Yes.
I dont know, Adrian.  Raleigh stood and walked around the room with his head down staring intensely at the floor.  I am not sure if I am up to it.
Thats what I thought.  You are right.  Said Adrian in a doubtful, melancholy voice.
Raleigh turned around suddenly.  What do you mean by that?
Curious about everything today arent we?
Raleigh took a deep breath and then said quietly, Adrian you better not be playing games with me.  What did you mean?
I meant that I knew you could not do it; that you would not have the nerve to do so.
Raleigh eyed him carefully before he responded.  Listen to me.  If you are trying to do what I think you are trying to do, it is not the best course of action for you.
What course of action do you propose I take with a stubborn soul who is determined to be afraid, but cannot resist a challenge?  Adrian eyed him right back.
Raleigh stamped his foot.  That does it!  You are wicked, do you know that?  You are downright wicked!  You know that I cannot say no.  You know that I am a stubborn, proud man and you play it against me.  Wicked indeed!
Adrian laughed at him and after a brief thought so did Raleigh.
So, what is your answer?
You very well know.  You seem to know everything else about me.
Good!  Adrian stood.  We shall send a couple of servants to check on the prince and administer to him in a quarter of an hour.  Let us be going!  And they went out of the anteroom into the hallway, down the staircase, through the room below, through the foyer and out into the flashing sunlight.
~

The orphanage was built in a Greek U shape.  The gardens and grounds were once maintained by a great number of servants before the estate was given by the king for an orphanage.  Then it was beautiful, but now it was astounding!  A home for over three hundred girls of various ages; it is no wonder that the immense garden within the space of the courtyard between the sections of the building was probably as picturesque as a glimpse into paradise.  It was maintained and cared for by the loving hands of natures greatest florists, the woman.
Victoria was in the garden when the soft step behind her caused her to cease her quiet humming.  She did not turn around at first, but continued to thin the rose bush in front of her as if she had heard nothing at all.  She moved steadily from stem to stem, cutting off those that did not have the correct leaf pattern to indicate the soon growth of a rose.  She waited, but there was no further sound.  She was certain that she had heard one and was equally certain it was a step.  She stooped for a few more stems and then found herself finished, yet did not turn, but busied herself now with smelling the roses.  Finally, she took the small knife in her hand and cut one of them off.
Victoria could not explain what she felt, but somehow she knew that the step behind her was the step of none other than that of Adrian.  A second more she waited and there was still no sound, not even of movement.  She got up from her stooped position, the sun once again pushing through the foliage overhead to cascade on her head and shoulders in small irregular patterns, and then she turned.  She had hoped that the additional time she had taken would prepare her for what she knew she had to face.  It did not.  There before her eyes, stood . . . no one!  She looked around, yet she could not see anyone present.  She knew that she had heard someone, but reality was that there was not a soul there!  And then she saw it.  On the other side of the rock pathway she had just cut the other rose bushes.  She had let the petals and leaves fall carelessly to the ground intent on picking them up later.  They had lain scattered about, but not now.  Now they were gathered together, leaves and petals tidily forming what looked to be the letter V with a line struck through it.  It was very ornate and beautiful; she stared at it.  Then walking over to take a closer look she realized that it was not a V with a line through it, but she was looking upside-down at an A.  Adrian!  It had to be!  He must have done this while he was waiting for her to turn around, certain that she had heard him come up.  Now had he left feeling as though she had not wanted to be bothered and here left his mark hoping she would find it?  Victoria did not know, but she was almost certain he had.
Her heart sank a little.  She had been so nervous and anxious that she had not turned around when she had heard his step.  She had known that it was him, yet she had waited!  Why?  Now he was gone.  She bent down and with tears threatening to come to her eyes, placed the rose that she had just cut where it overlaid the A.  I am sorry.  She whispered to herself.
It was then that she felt that sense of someone very close by.  She stood quickly and turned around.  There stood Adrian, a sweet smile on his face, not two steps away.
The startling was over, but the shock nearly caused her to scream, though she refrained.
Good morning, Victoria Marie.  How do you fare?  He asked her quietly, still smiling, his eyes twinkling, the sporadic shafts of sunlight reflected in their dark brown color.  
Victoria could not speak.  Her words were caught again in her throat.  Indeed, they were somewhat caught in her heart, which now began to beat rapidly.
I assume that you are well; for I do not believe that any could be ill in this lovely weather.  It looks as though spring is finally here.  I am thankful.  He still smiled, but now cocked his head a little to the side to survey her.  Was she alright?
Yes.  Was all that she could manage, but it seemed sufficient for him.  He took a small step closer, now closing the gap between them to less than two steps.  Her pulse quickened.  He looked right into her eyes and seemed to stare at her forever.  Her breathing became more rapid, her bosom rising and falling, and she finally broke away from his gaze to stare to the left of his shoulder.
Victoria.  She did not look at him.  Victoria.  Still she did not look.  He took another small step closer toward her.  She quickly looked into his face.  She was prepared to step away, but his attention was no longer on her it was turned to something behind her.  He stepped to the side of her and went right by.  She turned to look and he was there looking at the rose that she had lain across his little A.  
Adrian picked it up, stood grinning, and held it up toward her.  It is quite alright, I forgive you.
She was stunned!  He must have been there the whole time.  He had heard her, now she was embarrassed and her face showed it. 
He chuckled.  Sorry, I did not mean to play a trick on you.  It was more of a game I suppose.
She found her voice.  No, it is alright.  I just dont know how you could do all that, she pointed down to the letter, and not make any noise.  I heard you at first, but then heard nothing.  I did not even hear you leave.
Adrian laughed at this.  Good.  That means that I could safely sneak up on an enemy and bash his skull before he could mine.
Victoria was shocked and gave Adrian a very odd look.  He caught the look and didnt know what to say.  He decided that what he had said was ill-fitting at best and foolish at worst.  He said no more about it, but laughed.  

She looked at him in a peculiar manner.  Then he laughed, it must have been a joke, yet, she was not sure.  He had sounded serious.  Men were strange creatures; to think that bashing someone on the head was humorous.  She shook her head and grinned at him.  He was irresistible when he smiled or laughed.  What a man!  She thought.  That smile, his broad, muscular shoulders, and captivating eyes.  I have never met anyone like him.
Victoria, might I venture a question?
I suppose. She replied, looking at her hands, not knowing what it was that he would ask her.
Do you ever miss your brother?  It came in a quiet tone, but was as if thunder had rolled into the mind of Victoria.
The question caught her completely off guard.  She did not even begin to answer; her mind was stunned into paralysis, with one thought quivering violently in her consciousness.  How does he know that I have a brother?  Had she told him?  She could not remember.  Certainly, he could be guessing, but what purpose did that serve?  She thought of any one she had told of her brother and their past.  Only one came to mind, Lady Emily Shelton.  Had she told Adrian?  She knew that Lady Shelton was privy to her feelings toward Adrian, but she did not think that Lady Shelton would tell him.  No, she did not.  She would not do that, it was beneath her honor.  Nevertheless, he must know.  What would be his concern with the matter? 
Adrian realized that the question was probably a great shock to Victoria, but that was a part of his intent.  He was grateful that effect was now visible.  Often, as he had learned, people are ever so capable of thinking ahead of your conversation and will many times ascertain your direction and objective much sooner than you can convey it verbally.  That is why he literally sprung the question upon her without so much as a preamble.  He did not want to allow her time to prepare her reactions to his question.  People many times show their true feelings and character when placed in an immediate circumstance.
Seeing there was no response other than heavy silence, Adrian ventured another question.  Do you remember your brother?
This seemed to spark an instant effect upon Victoria and she replied as most will when strong feelings are attached to a subject.  He face flushed and she spoke harshly.
Of course I remember him!  She then clenched her fist in anger.  Adrian saw the small movement and she tried to hide it from him by placing her fist within the folds of her skirt.
It appears that whatever you remember him by is not pleasant for you to recall.
What do you know of my brother?  She blurted out, not responding at all to his last statement.  Why should you care?
Adrian was prepared for this outburst, Raleigh told him that it would happen, yet he was stunned by the pain that it caused him for her to speak thus with him.  
Shall I tell you first that I do indeed care, and then get to the motive behind my concern?
You may do whatever you like, just dont expect me to believe you!
Do you say that you do not believe me?
You can take it however you like!
Adrian tried one more time.  Victoria, I do care about you.  Whether you believe me or not, cannot change the truth which has been born into being in my heart and soul.  If you cannot accept that, I cannot convince you because you do not want to believe.  
She said nothing.
He realized it was now time to move on to the second phase of their plan, the one that he hoped he would not have to resort to.  It did not matter how he felt; they had to know, and so he did what he had to.  He turned around without a word and began to walk away.
Every step was a great pain for him, it was all he could do to not turn back around and return to her side, but he pressed on, slowly making his way to the archway in the back of the orphanage.  It was for his best friend, he told himself.  He would be honorable to their agreement.  He did it for Raleigh.  Raleigh had to know if there was ever a chance of reconciliation between him and his sister.  This was the only way they could find out before he presented Raleigh to her in person.  If she called him back or indicated that she would reconsider her feelings then he would turn back, but if nothing happened then he would continue on and collect his friend as he exited the main entrance of the orphanage.  Raleigh would then know that no possibility existed of their reunion.
Adrian thought it was coming to this when he heard her sniff.  He wanted to check his stride, but did not.  Come on girl!  I need something more than that.  Speak one word and I will turn around.  Just one word!  Please, for your sake, for your brothers sake . . . for my sake.  Oh, God, this is nearly killing me!
~
Victoria watched him turn and then start to walk away.  At first she did not consider it, she was too angry at the memory of Raleigh.  Then suddenly what she saw began to filter into her mind and the image of what it hit with her full impact.  No!  Not this again!  Dont walk away from me again!  What did I do?  Oh, God, why?  Please, Adrian come back!  These words screamed in her mind, but never found voice into the quiet garden.  Then the tears came and she sniffed.  She did not mean it as a gesture of manipulation, but she saw his shoulders jerk ever so slightly.  He must have heard her, yet he pressed on.  Why?  I dont understand.  Please dont do this to me Adrian!  Adrian!  Adrian, I love you so!  Her heart cried out in her.  That was all that she could handle.  Suddenly, she broke down and began to sob.
~
The sound halted him in mid-stride.  That is all I need!  He turned to see Victoria down on her knees with her face held in her hands, weeping uncontrollably.  Though his heart yearned to run to her side, place his arm around her shoulder, and console her, tell her he was sorry, he did not.  He swallowed the lump in his throat, blinked away his tears, and turn around once more.  With quickened pace he went under the archway and through the foyer, across the entrance and out into the front area of the orphanage.
~
Victoria heard him stop, she heard him turn, and she heard him turn again and walk away quickly.  She did not look up.  The feeling of tightness in her gut only increased, as did the flow of tears.  I am dying inside!  She thought.  There she remained stationary, sinking lower and lower to the ground, racked with sobs.  Her long auburn hair falling from around her shoulders covered her face and hands, and closed out the brightness of the sunshine, enveloping her in a shadow of dimness and increased her feelings of despair.
~
Her ears heard the step, but her mind did not register it.  She heard someone beside her, but still her mind did not register it.  It was consumed with grief and pain.  It was not until an arm was slowly, gently placed across her shoulders that she became mentally aware again.  She thought it to be one of the other girls, or more likely Lady Shelton.  Yet, her mind realized that it was neither.  This arm was large, heavily muscled, and felt weighty.  It was not the arm of a woman, but a strong man.  She did not know what to do.  Her breath caught, maybe it was Adrian.
The voice, though deep and strong, spoke quietly, barely above a whisper. 
Victoria Marie?  Her heart literally skipped a beat; the voice sounded familiar, yet seemed surreal.
It voice spoke again.
Si on mon petit sceur?  
Victoria stopped crying instantly.  She stiffened.  It had been a long time she had spoken or heard her mothers native tongue, but she understood instantly.  How is my little sister . . .? Raleigh!  She softly whispered back two words.  Mon frre.  My brother.


Chapter XVI

Here our story takes another turn and I am not sure just how to continue.  The reunion between Raleigh and Victoria was so fashioned with emotion that it took much time to unravel the events of the past, as well as the present.  At first Victoria wasnt sure if she wanted to have her brother back in her life and Raleigh would have given up altogether on the relationship if it were not for the prodding and encouragement of Adrian.  The meeting in the garden was the perfect setting to rekindle and explore such a sensitive relationship of a betrayed sister with that of a grown, wiser, and contrite brother.  Things began to take on a certain air of normalcy between them.  All seemed well and good.
Adrians birthday came and passed without celebration while he continued his learning of the art of warfare.  He now trained intensely every day and sometimes into the darkness of the evening by torchlight.  He would stumble his way into his new quarters in the princes lodgings and literally fall into the bed.  Often he would be roused by the stirring of servants as they tried to undress him without waking him.  Sometimes he would get himself up and finish the job and other times he would simple close his eyes and drift back into the dream world of drills, thrusts, exercises, footwork, and such things.  In these dreams a heavy sword would dance in front of his vision at first with slow, jerky, and often ridiculous movements, but these finally gave way to more graceful, powerful, and meaningful motions.  Time and time again his lance would hover before his horse and strike its mark, or falter at the last minute at the end of the list.  All these things were not just for his training, but for the duel of which he was scheduled to fight against Sir Chavelle at the months end.  All in all, though he saw his own improvements he knew that he could not defeat such a man.  Sir Chavelle would break him in two and not even get his armor dusty.  There were times when he would feel despair and helpless to go on with it all, but every day the prince would come by in the early afternoon, watch and then commend him on his outstanding performance.  This gave him a sense of hope.  There were times when he even saw his own father come to watch him in the lists, in the wrestling pit, or in sword practice.  He even imagined that his father had applauded once at a superb throw he had given to an opponent, but he had been too far away to be certain.  Raleigh would be there with him on some days and on others he would be doing small tasks for Prince Henry.
One person that Adrian was not able to see during all this time was Victoria Marie.  His heart ached to see her, but there was just no time to make the small journey to the orphanage.  Sometimes he would send word to her by Raleigh and could hardly concentrate until he had a reply.  Her replies were always conservative and impassive. He felt hurt, yet at the same time was grateful for any word from her.
Finally four days before the duel, which had now been brought to a full tournament with many events scheduled to take place, he was given time to rest up.  He immediately went by his parents home and spent the day and that night with them.  It was a great time!  He almost felt as though things were as they had always been, but yet there was an intangible change.  That evening his father verbalized it.
Son, you are now a man.  He said as they sat before a small fire in the great room.  You have changed a lot in the last few months.  I have been watching your progress steadily advance until I see a great warrior beginning to emerge in you.  Roland smiled gravely at Adrian and waited for his reply.
Frankly, Adrian did not know what to say, yet stumbled into words.  I was not quite able to understand what was so different, but I suppose that would be as close as any could come in putting it to light.
Roland chuckled.  Indeed.  That has been the greatest change.  So, do you feel different?
Adrian nodded.  In a lot of ways I dont even feel myself.  The person that I have become is like a stranger to me.  The most I have really known whom I was, was tonight after spending this day at home.
That is the way of the world.  Roland continued.  It will only go on from there.  Growth in a mans life can be very rapid to the point that when he looks back he does not perceive how he reached his present standing.
That is exactly how I feel.  Adrian shook his head in a sense of bewilderment.  It seems as though I have been living a different life entirely in such a short time.
They both fell silent for some time and finally Roland spoke.  Son, there is a very great chance that war will come again in a few short years.  I have seen it in my lifetime more than once.  I always get the same feeling before things began to happen.
Things?  Adrian was curious about what his father meant.  What things do you mean?
Understand something.  The king is very ill, has been for some time.  He may not have long to live.
But Father, I just saw him close to one week ago, or was it two?  I dont remember, but nonetheless he did not appear ill then.
Oh, I did not say he appeared ill.  I said that he was ill; he has recently rallied in health.  Many times men of noble birth and of certain greatness about them can continue on with their rigorous duties beyond what others are capable of and not show signs of fatigue or injury, but I do know that he is ill.  The war and unrest in England has been difficult for him to deal with.  Furthermore, he is not reconciled with his son, which is the crown prince.  That must weigh heavily on him.
Reconciled?  Adrian was not only curious, but now puzzled.
They had an immense disagreement in the council of the court.  The prince it seems pushed Thomas Arundel, Archbishop of Canterbury, from the place of prominence in council, trying to replace him.  Henry is strongly in favor of war with France.  The king is not and upon his regaining physical strength last year the king it was at a confrontation and Prince Henry was dismissed from the kings presence and from the court.  They have not spoken since then hardly a word.  The prince is yet in disagreement with his father, the king.
He has not said a word of it.  I have been living beneath his roof for nearly a month and never has he said anything concerning the king.
Yes, but he drinks in the taverns nearly every night?  Roland raised a disapproving eyebrow, as if to prove a point.
He does.  Many times Raleigh and I have to go with the servants and assist them in getting him home.
There it is.
What?  There what is?
His words against the king.
You mean he is drinking to display his protest against his father?
No, not in that manner.  It is his means of dealing with the trouble that he faces everyday.  He is just as stubborn in nature as his father the king.  He cannot rise against him from his current position and so is attempting to still his own zealous viewpoints with the bottle.  It is as though he feels a certain warped sense of duty or honor compels him to drink himself shamefully into a state of shamelessness rather than be reconciled with his father.
At this Adrian felt disagreement, even a hint of anger.  The prince was not rebellious or dishonorable!  He wanted to say so, but thought better of arguing with his father.  He knew the prince was only doing what he could under the circumstances.  It must be difficult; no he knew it was difficult to be such an important person.  He had seen him bow under the load of responsibility and he saw nothing wrong with his indulgences . . . at least for the most part.
Adrian nodded his head out of respect, yet did not reply to the statement.
That returns us back to the subject at hand.  I spoke of war.  At the present there is no war as we know it, but there is much civil unrest, both here and resentment in Scotland towards the crown.  Opinions are varied and opposed in the kings court as well as across the land.  If the king does not recover from this illness which is set upon him I am afraid that he will soon die.
The thought struck Adrian as foreign and caused a bit of an alarm to him.  He did not know much about the king, but to have a king die while he was living and so closely associated with members of his court was something, Adrian felt, that would certainly change many things.  He was beginning to see what he father spoke of as valid and worthy of consideration.
If the king dies, Adrian, who then is going to be king?  Roland asked the question with the greatest seriousness.
Well, I suppose that Prince Henry will become king.  Of course Adrian supposed nothing of the kind, he knew, but he was attempting to deflect the direction of the implications of his own answer.
And you are right in supposing such a thing.  That is if he does not suddenly die of certain causes.
You mean his drinking?
Nay, I mean that a royal transition of such a magnitude is hardly without its conflicts and intrigue.  Parliament has its agenda, the Commons certainly have theirs, it is all very touchy at this point.  Finances are a tremendous issue.  The prince is in favor of war with France and that takes money. 
Possibly nothing will happen, but it would be truthful for me to say that something could happen.  If there are those that oppose the rule of this Prince Henry, which they deem irreverent and irresponsible, think you not that they would do what is in their power to do, to see that he does not ascend to the throne of his father?
Father, are you saying there is a plot against the lineage of the Plantagenets?  Are there those that wish to murder the prince?  Adrian was a bit frightened by what his father was saying.  What if they were overheard by one of the kings men and it was told the king or worse the prince?  It would sound as though they were plotting against the very man themselves.
Neither.  You know me well enough to know that it is not lawful to do such things.  Furthermore, I have no desire to even see it done; I am speaking of possibilities.
I am plainly saying that should the tree fall as it is leaning, there will be trouble, and you my son, will be in the heart of it.  There was a stern, but concerned look upon Rolands own face as he watched the reaction on his sons.
Me?  Adrian managed to say.  How do you know?
You may call it a sense, or maybe wisdom of age, but I do feel as though you have a future that is going to be one of prominence mingled with dilemma.
Adrian could not understand that and said it to his father.
You are very close to the prince and should he become king that will not change.  You will remain at his side in one capacity or another.
Do you really suppose?
Yes, the prince thinks very highly of you and that street ruffian fellow, Raleigh.  Not that I mean any harm, but it is where he came from.
Indeed father, but he was born of honorable parents.
Oh?
Yes, his father was a knight in the war with Scotland.  Fought valiantly from what I understand.  He was killed in the latter time of the conflict.  His mother died of grief.  Adrian could not let this last error be uncorrected.
I see.  Maybe I was mistaken about him after all.
I apologize for my correction. . .
Nay, I am thankful for the information; it will prove useful.
Useful?
Roland looked around and made sure that they were alone.  Indeed, I said useful.  I am afraid that your sister has taken a great liking to the man; this may prove in favor of such a notion.  Whereas I would not have permitted such a thing if it were not true, what youve said, therefore I shall investigate into the matter.  A fathers heart is want to be broken with his childrens; if this bit of information is not true surely my daughters shall be.
Do you mean that Laura is in love with Raleigh?  Adrian was more disturbed by the closeness of what his father said about Raleigh, applied to his love for Victoria Marie, than he was about Lauras heart being broken.
I would not say she is in love, she is hardly thirteen years of age, she does not yet know what love is, but it may one day turn to such a thing.  That is why I cannot allow it if this man is not worthy of such a precious and pure thing as she is.
Roland spoke further of war and kings being crowned and treachery among men of power and such things, but Adrian was not hearing him.  His mind was on the object of his hearts desire and what his father and mother would say about his being taken with Victoria.
He hardly rested that night.  He had already determined to make a trip to see her the next day, and this caused him to hasten in his farewell the following morning.
~
He came to the great door of the orphanage and knocked.  As he waited to be invited in, the door opened and a young man about his age emerged.  He hardly took notice of Adrian; he almost seemed to ignore him altogether; as if he were afraid of being recognized, though Adrian did not recognize him.
~
He was shown into the library where he found Victoria mending curtains.  He made his approach to her and softly sat opposite her in a chair.
Hello, Victoria.  He smiled at her with the warmth of his heart.
She looked at him briefly, her face flushed, and then she turned her eyes down to the work that lay in her hands.  I thought that you were never returning to see me.
Adrian heard the door open and a small girl came and sat across the room with a look that had fright and curiosity written on it.  The door remained open and Adrian could see a figure in its shadow, but could not tell who it was.  Finally, it shut very quietly.  He looked back at the young girl.  There she sat; a bit embarrassed, yet looked resolute.  She must be here to see that nothing mischievous happens, thought Adrian.  He nodded his head toward the girl and asked Victoria about her.  She neither turned to look nor did she look up, but seemed almost to put her head down farther.  Suddenly, for an unknown reason, which was more frightful to Adrian, he began to grow sick to his stomach.
Victoria.  Please look at me.  She did.  Why is that girl here?  What is wrong?  He asked tenderly.
Victoria put her head back down and felt the shame creep into her face.  Lady Shelton has one of the girls to keep watch ever since . . . She let go of her work and put her hands to her face.
This terrified Adrian.  He did not understand, but he knew enough to know that something was not right.  Every since what?  What, Victoria?  He could not keep the fear out of his voice.
She looked at him briefly because of it.  Since it happened.
What happened?  He stood to his feet, went over and knelt in front of her.  He reached to take her hand, but she pulled back.  
No, please dont touch me.
What happened?
I cannot tell you, please dont make me tell you.
Victoria, I cannot make you tell me anything, but I do wish that you would.
She looked up in frustration.  I wont, please dont ask again.
Adrian was quiet for a moment then stood and went back to his chair and sat.  He noticed the young girl had changed her position that she might have seen them both as he had been kneeling.  He breathed deeply and slowly, I wont, I am sorry.
It is not your fault.  She said with a voice thick with emotion.
What is . . . Adrian started to ask, but caught himself.  Has Raleigh been by to see you?
Yes, a few times.  I am afraid I havent seen much of him either.
Well, Adrian began, sensing that there was still unresolved issues at hand between them, You must understand that he has been very busy with his duties as a soldier for the prince.  He smiled pleasantly trying to play the part of a mediator, but his smile quickly gave way to a look of fear and shock at what transpired next.
Victoria looked up in horror, jumping forward slightly on the settee.  She put her hands on the edges and seemed to grip them with force.
Adrian was nearly horrified also.
Did . . . did you say . . . soldier?  Victoria stuttered out.
I did.  Adrian was appalled that it would elicit such a response.
What do you mean by that?  Victoria was now standing up.
Exactly, I mean just that.  He is someday to be a knight for the kings service, or at least for the prince.  Adrian could not see what that had to do with the look on her face.
You mean . . . he is going to go to war?
Possibly, he used his fathers words.  That is likely though not certain at this point.
Victoria sat down again.  Just like father.  She whispered so quietly that Adrian did not hear her clearly.  He leaned closer.
I beg your pardon, but I did not hear your last words.
I said, just like my father!  She spoke loudly with the force of anger.  Just like my father, he is a soldier, will be a knight.  Just like my father he will fight in war and just like my father he will be killed!  She stood and stamped her foot in fury.  Do you understand what that means?  It means again I will be abandoned!  Again, left alone!  She threw herself down on the couch and wept bitterly.  After a moment she lifted her face, now reddened and threw the words at Adrian.  Tell Raleigh that I never want to see him again, ever.  I mean it!  Then resumed her former position.  He tried to reason with her, but was only met more statements of emphatic refusal to ever see her brother again.
Adrian was too stunned to know what to do for some time, but finally stood and made his way to the door of the library.  He exchanged puzzled looks with the girl on the chair and motioned for her to see to Victoria Marie, then went out.


Chapter XVII

I could have told you that, Raleigh said after replacing his goblet at the table, it was the Sabbath and all was quiet around the place, they were taking advantage of the leisure to it fullest possible measure.  I stumbled onto that conclusion myself, only I was lucky enough to have discovered another way.
What do you mean?  Adrian still looked greatly troubled by what had happened that morning at the orphanage.
It was more of a lingering insight which suddenly solidified in my mind as I was lying upon my bed thinking.  Raleigh took another bite of the meat, then continued.  It shuddenly acred to me thet Victowea was bittar.  He swallowed and took another drink.  Ahhh!  Good wine I must say!
Raleigh!  Adrian was perturbed at his attitude.
Yes?  He spoke between drinks.
Please finish.
Raleigh looked at him with a sort of sympathetic look on his face.  This all really bothers you, does it not?
What do you mean by that?  It doesnt bother you?  Adrian was incredulous.
Not really.  I knew it was going to happen; didnt I tell you so?  He pointed in the direction of Adrian with a handful of bread.  I told you that it would never work.  You thought it was just because I was scared of the past.  Partly that was true, but more than that I knew Victoria.  There is nothing I can do with her. He began to chew loudly.
I dont believe this!
Buleve it!  He smacked.
Raleigh she is your sister!
Raleigh did not reply.  He simply finished chewing, took a drink, and then wiped his mouth.  After he dropped the towel back to his lap he leaned forward and gave Adrian a hard stare, a most serious look for a long time.  Adrian almost felt like moving back in his chair.
Yes, and I am her brother.  He said slowly, coldly, never taking his eyes off Adrian.
Adrian did not understand.  Of course he is her brother!  What is that supposed to imply?  Just because she is angry at him does not give him the right to . . . Suddenly, Adrian thought he understood.
Raleigh continued, Of a certainty I have done her wrong.  I do not deny it; I readily admitted it to you and to her!  I cannot undo that, no one can.  All I can do is try to make it right.  The only person living that I can make it up to is her.  If she doesnt want me around, doesnt want to forgive me, or doesnt like the man that I have become what should I do?
I am not sure?
Neither am I.  Adrian, you are appalled that I could be so detached from feelings of regret, sorrow, or responsibility.  You presented your reason for such amazement on the merit that she is my sister, correct?
It is so.
Yet, you do not condemn her in the same stroke for turning me away because of unforgiveness, I am her brother.  Where is the loyalty that you demand of me to be found in her?  
Adrian was silent.
As I thought.  Raleigh leaned back in his chair, which creaked quietly.  He began to tap his knife on the table.  Adrian, I have thought of it more than you think I have.  He laughed.  I have thought of it more than you, which is quite an accomplishment.  His twinkling eyes registered the effect of his words upon his friend with quiet humor.  The fact, dear friend, is that your feelings come from one source other than that which you are speaking.
What is your meaning behind those words?  Adrian was slightly angry at Raleighs obvious enjoyment of this conversation.  Do you imply that I am not forthright?
I mean this; they are coming from you and you alone.
I?  What is your reasoning?
Simple.  You are in love with Victoria Marie; you are in love with my sister.
Adrian tried not to let his face move, his eyes blink, or his expression belie his surprise, and embarrassment.  He went through all of the denials in his mind, all of the replies, but he knew that none were true, so he said only this.  Who is it that told you that?
Raleigh roared with laughter and casually flung his knife back onto the table, which skidded and clattered into his goblet, nearly tipping it over.
I find no humor in all this!  Adrian was now standing his fists clenched at his sides.
Exactly!  That is what is so humorous.  You are as cold as an executioner.  Yet, you cannot deny it!  You act as though it does not evoke any emotion in you, when, look at you; you are brimming just now!
Adrian came a step closer and partially raised a fist toward his friend.
Now, sit back down.  Raleigh said, still laughing.  Pride with a friend is a foolish thing indeed.
Adrian agreed within himself and obediently sat.
To answer your question.  You did.
I did?
Certainly, the only thing that you didnt do was name her.  You talked of love and all other things to me many times over.  I must say that I learned a lot that I never knew before, and admire you for it, but it was easy enough to see daylight through the trees with you.
I guess I did at that.  Adrian admitted finally.
Now that is better.
Do not condescend to me so, Raleigh.  It angers me.
Indeed it does, but I am not condescending out of desire, but necessity.  You are acting like a young lad, not a man about all this.
Adrian gave the statement thought and then nodded his head.  I see that you have me judged rightly.  I am sorry.
No offense, my son.  Raleigh said stoically then laughed.  This time Adrian laughed with him.  When they were done it was quiet.  Excellent.  Raleigh grew sober.  I need you to be a man for what I have to tell you next.
Adrian instantly grew sober also.  He did not understand why, but suddenly his stomach began to tie itself into a knot.  He nodded to Raleigh.
First I must ask you this; did you see anyone unfamiliar at the orphanage today?
Adrian thought.  I would not say that I know all there, so it is possible many were unfamiliar.
Any men?
No.  Now he was perplexed.  Though I did see a lad, looked like a squire.
Ahh.  Raleigh tipped to one side and rested his elbow on the table.  What else was different?
Nothing I assume.
Nothing?  He slightly tilted his head.
Nothing.
How did your meeting go with Victoria Marie?
For the most part you have heard the narrative.
I see.
This was troubling for Adrian and he blurted out.  Come, do just tell me what it is.
I shall, I shall.  Trust me on this one, I am going about it suitably, and I believe that you will soon agree with me.
I certainly hope so.
So, you say that nothing was different about your meeting with Victoria, nothing at all?
Adrian put his memory to work more diligently this time and finally said, The only thing that I remember that was even slightly different is that there was a girl sent into the room with us while we sat and talked; but I see nothing wrong with that.
Certainly not, I completely agree, but was she or any other girl ever sent in before?
No.
So something has changed.  Raleigh wanted Adrian to come to the deduction on his own.  He knew it was going to be severe enough any way it happened.
That would be a fair assumption.
Indeed.  Think now what did Victoria do that was different.
Adrian thought again, straining his recollection of all the details for some clue of significance.  Then it struck him.  He did not like the thought and tried to put it away, but there it was in the dust of his memory, the article of which he sought.  He suddenly felt very sick.
What is it Adrian?
I . . . I dont know.
Yet, you are afraid that you do, correct?
Yes.
What are you thinking of?
I asked about the girl, she wouldnt answer.  I made her look at me and the expression on her face told me something was wrong.  She would not tell me what.  She said that Lady Shelton had one of them there every since . . . but she would not finish.  She just said since it happened, but nothing more.  I knelt beside her when she grew upset; she pulled away and roughly told me not to touch her.  She said that she could not tell me.  I did not know what to do.  Adrian finished and sighed heavily.
What do you think happened?  Roland was very quiet and calm, and a deliberation in his voice.
I dont know.  I just know that it makes me feel sick to think of what would be that wrong.
I cannot say that you have arrived at the truth, but I am sure that you are close.
Is it that bad, Raleigh, tell me it is not that bad.  He pleaded.
Adrian, Adrian looked at his best friend.  Have you ever heard the name Sir Chavelle de Chaumont?
Suddenly, Adrian jerked as if struck.  He gripped the arms of his chair.  His face grew pale and a slow moan escaped his lips.  Then he stood up, wrapped his arms around his stomach and bent slightly over.  Another moan escaped his lips.
Raleigh was caught slightly off guard.  He was prepared for outrage, for shouting, anger, pounding of fists, curses, words of revenge, anything but what he now saw.  He did not move, he was frozen in a sense of fright at Adrians reaction.
Adrian turned and halfway heaved a couple of times, but nothing came up.  Another groan.  Then finally he went to the wall and pounded it passionately with his fist.
Nooo!  He cried.  Oh God of Heaven, no!  Why? Why?
This shook Raleigh out of his stupor.  He had planned for this, now he felt capable of doing something helpful.  He stood and went over to Adrian.  Adrian let me . . .
Adrian spun around.  What Raleigh saw made him physically shake, though almost imperceptible.  Adrians face was not his own, but had been replaced by that of an animal, fierce and terrible.  His eyes were a burning blaze within their sockets.
GET AWAY!  He screamed.
Raleigh backed away again unsure of what to do.  He had never seen Adrian like this before.  He had never seen anyone like this before.
The door suddenly swung open, two pages rushed in and stood there looking about puzzled, obviously responding to the outcry.
Out!  Get out!  Adrian screamed again.  They promptly obeyed and the door slammed behind them.  I am going to kill him!  Kill him!  He once again pounded his fist on the wall, this time knocking off a candle holder from its shelf.  He looked at it for a long time and then kicked it across the room.  It hit the wall and clanged to the floor broken in two.  Adrian seemed to realize what he was doing and looked back at Raleigh.  Why?  Why?  He was breathing heavily; his voice was coarse and unnatural.
Adrian let me finish what I have to tell you.
What difference does it make?  You know what I am thinking and you do not deny its truth!
Nay, not its truth, but its accuracy.  Adrian was silent.  Let me finish Adrian.  Please sit.  They both did and after a long silence Raleigh continued.  It is not as bad as I believe you think.
How do you know what I think?
You just said I did!  Raleigh shot back.  Now let me finish!
Adrian nodded and looked away.
Sir Chavelle, it seems has been paying visits to Victoria for nearly a month.  Gifts, money, and other things he has given her.
She accepted them?  Adrian looked back.
So it seems.
His fist came down on the table.  Yet, she would not accept two schillings from me!
I know nothing of that; only that these things happened.  It seems that Victoria quickly fell into a deep admiration for him.
Just say it!  She loves him!
As you please.  I was attempting to be sensitive.
Enough with your sensitivity!
So be it.  She loves him!  Raleigh said angrily.
The table shook with yet another blow.
That is not all.  Raleigh was finished caring about his friends tender passions.  Things happened between them!  He said with as much cruelty as he could.
This got Adrians attention and he responded in a cold manner.  Things?  What things?  Is that what Victorias it was about?
I dont know if you can handle it.  Shot back Raleigh.
Adrian stood and quicker than Raleigh could react grasped his shirt and shoved him, chair and all across the floor and against the wall.  We will see who can handle what!
Adrian, let go of me, NOW!  After a minute of hard stares his shirt was released and Adrian stepped back.
Sorry.
I dont know if I quite forgive you.
I am sorry Raleigh, it wont happen again.
If it does, I will personally take pleasure in breaking both of your arms and you will not be able to take your revenge upon Sir Chavelle at the tournament.
This thought struck Adrian forcefully.  He returned to his chair and finished eating.


Chapter XVIII

Did she agree?  Chavelle asked somewhat eager for the answer.  The answer he did not want could hinder his intricate scheme, though it would not spoil it altogether.
Yes, Milord.  Philippe said rather pleased.  She said that she would wait for the escort and follow him to the games, as I called them for her sake.  She seemed flattered to be asked to wear your scarf, though I am sure she doesnt even know what it means.
Excellent!  Chavelle allowed himself an indulgent smile as brought his hands clasping together.  Everything is as I hoped it would be.  Even your first opinion of the girl proved both accurate and invaluable.  She was assuming and nave.  I do think that she really believed me when I told her that I loved her.  He gave a full sadistic laugh his dark grey eyes twinkled with malevolent pleasure.  It is going to be sweet to restore the honor of France as well as myself by killing this little valiant and loyal boy of the prince where he may watch his blood flow onto this cursed English soil.  Maybe that will teach him that he is not the only man in this world.  These Englishmen believe themselves only to be worthy of honor and respect.  I was treated as a criminal at the council in the princes tent that day; while you were off jumping from bush to bush as a scared rabbit.  The knights scowl gave way to a smile as he laughed again at the memory of Philippes tale of that fearful day.
Philippe chuckled out of respect, yet he did not feel as though it were humorous.  Milord, I do believe that it saved both of our lives, at the very least our credibility.
Do you now?  I believe otherwise.  Do you think that the Prince Henry or Sir Gilbert was fooled for one moment?  I do not.  They knew what we were about, that is why they had that secret meeting during the council.  Sir Gilbert knows what the score is.  Ill wager that he did not tell all to the prince either.  Chavelle was beginning to sink into his normally dark mood again.
Milord, there is one more detail that needs to be told to you of todays events.  Philippe wished to tell all before his master became greatly irritable once more.
Say on.  Chavelle said in a bored voice.
As I was leaving the orphanage, Adrian of Essex was coming in.
This startled Chavelle into genuine attention.  Did he see you?
Yes, he did.
Do you think that he recognized you?  He asked with a furrowed brow.
Milord, at first I thought of the very same thing, but then I realized that he has never seen me before.
Good.  Then on that account our plan is safe.
Milord, do you not think that Victoria Marie will tell him of your dealings with her?
Of course not.  Chavelle laughed.
Pardon me for being so ignorant in needing to ask and bold in doing so, but how can you be so sure?
It is rather simple, Philippe.  Was it not your impression that Victoria feels very strongly for this little boy?
That is readily obvious.
Then we have nothing to fear.  Chavelle had turned to look out of the window, but now pulled back the curtain.  She will tell him nothing.
She will? I mean she will not?
She will not.  The dark-faced knight mocked in a nasally voice as he turned to face him.  Philippe, do listen you might learn something just now.  There is one reason that she wont, would you like to know it?
Ever so, Milord.
Shame.
Shame?
Yes, Shame.  Chavelle put his hands up in a gesture of helplessness and rolled his eyes toward the ceiling.  On my word Philippe, your repeating of my every word is worse than the kings crier.
Yes, Milord.
She is ashamed of what she . . . we have done.  Though I must admit I feel no shame, rather I found it a pleasant addition to the scheme.
Indeed, I would have done it for you had you not found such pleasure in it for yourself.  
Chavelle bellowed with laughter.  I am sure that you would have, but that would not have served our purpose would it?
Unfortunately, no Milord.
Just remember this; there is no such thing as love.  It is simply a delusionary label that people put upon their desires and passions so that they might avoid calling them for what they are.  Even you feel as though you may love, but I can prove to you that you do not, you only desire.  All men are selfish.  If a man feigns as though he were not, he is a hypocrite.  He simply treats a woman well because if he does not she will not allow him to be with her.  That is until he makes her his own, then for her purgatory begins.  Chavelle leaned forward toward his squire and spoke, The only thing that is real in life is power and the use of it for what you can get out of life.  Everything else is in peoples head, make-believe.  He spat upon the floor as if disgusted with the world.
Yes, Milord.  Was all that Philippe could manage in response.
With that he was dismissed for the evening and went to his bed with many questions as to his masters blackened heart and arose the next morning with much the same questions still in his mind, still unanswered.
~

Adrian knocked over the chess table as he jumped to his feet.  A hollering voice had issued forth In the name of the crown as the large door in the entryway had just been flung open by a human projectile in the clothes of one they knew to be the princes servant.  Raleigh turned to follow Adrians gaze in time to see him hit the stone floor with a nauseating, muffled crunch.  The body lay motionless and both Adrian and Raleigh stared for a split second before turning simultaneously to stare at one another.  Adrian was the first to react.
What in Heavens name?  He said as he jumped past Raleigh and knelt beside the limp form.  Raleigh was there only a split moment behind him.  Do you think that he is dead?
Raleigh felt for a pulse on the neck.  Nay, but I would say that he is going to be in pain in the next moment.  As if according to Raleighs prediction the servants body quivered slightly for a few brief seconds and then a subdued moan made its way slowly from him.  Adrian turned the lad over.  It was Orwell, a lad whom the prince had found on the street and instated him to a position in his service.  He was desperately loyal, as seemed to be evident just now . . . something must be wrong with the prince.  It was Sunday and he had left early to drink after sending the guards home; it was not even beginning grow dark.
Raleigh had gone and grabbed his goblet of water, returned and dashed it on the lads face.  Orwell sputtered and heaved himself upwards.  He did not gain a sitting position, but Adrians quick and strong arm caught him and held him as far as he got.  Orwell looked around with a stare of pain and groaned.  He looked at Raleigh and then backwards toward Adrian, still a look of blankness shadowed his face.  He was attempting to piece together the water, the faces, and the pain with the circumstances.  Then suddenly, a sheer look of horrifying panic shot up in his features and he cried out.  The Prince!  Mercy, the Prince!
Again Adrian and Raleigh exchanged looks.  Adrians mind raced back to the conversation that his father and he had not just two days before.  He heart began to pound in fear.  Raleigh set the silver mug down with a clink and bent over the boy and peered into his face.  Orwell, lad, what of the prince?
Orwell only cried out in pain or fear, they could not tell.  Raleigh decided that it was a very grave matter and promptly decided it needed a little more assertion.  He took hold of Orwells tunic and jerked him upright and out of Adrians grasp.
Orwell, I said what of the prince.  Issued forth clear and crisp from Raleighs mouth.
He is in danger!
Where?
Oh, my head!  Orwell put his hands to his head.  Raleigh merely jerked them off with one hand and then shook the servant.
Raleigh!  Adrian started to protest.
Shut up Adrian!  Raleigh did not take his eyes off of the boy.  Where I said, boy!
Orwell overcame his pain to answer, The Raven, just down the road.  Raleigh repeated the name to himself several times under his breath as the let the boy back down to the floor.
Adrian!  Get me my sword, now!  Raleigh jumped to his feet and started dragging Orwell to the couch.  By the time that Raleigh had him haphazardly halfway on the couch Adrian returned with Raleighs sword belt and his own.  He had also brought their leather gauntlets.  He threw Raleigh his sword across the floor table and began to belt on his own.
What are you doing?  Raleigh asked as he threw his around his waist.
Is it not readily obvious?
Adrian, someone must look after Orwell.
Raleigh, the prince is in danger Orwell will live!
Indeed.  Raleigh looked at Orwell as he drew on his gloves.  Orwell?
Then with more clarity then he had theretofore exemplified Orwell cried.  In the name of the crown, hasten you fools!
For the third time in as many minutes Adrian and Raleigh exchanged glances then bolted for the door.  As they ran down the hall Adrian asked, Where is The Raven?
Save your breath Adrian and just follow me!
They ran down the short flight of stone steps their feet barely touching and sounding like the roll of a Scottish drummer.  Down the front path and out onto the lane.  Raleigh turned to the right and headed toward a small market Adrian just behind him enough to avoid stepping on his heels.  Raleigh ran and turned here and there without hesitation, his past knowledge of every corner of every street serving him in his now noble circumstance.  They did not have to go far past the market, but when they got there a number of carts were being pushed along the road just in their path as they made their way back home for the evening.
Move aside.  Raleigh called out to those ahead of him.  He was rewarded with nothing.  In the name of the Crown move aside!  This time there was a response, but not much more productive than the first.  The merchants turned to see what direction the voice was coming from and therefore stopped directly in their path.  Raleigh did not stop to wait for them to move, but hurdled the small hand cart and landed in another one on the other side full of apples, pears, and persimmons.  Fruit went flying in all directions and a shout of surprise erupted from a woman who was pushing it.  The cart teetered precariously and as Raleigh jumped out, it was thrown in the same direction, over spilling altogether.  Adrian following just behind, was fortunately enough to have had made a greater leap than Raleigh and cleared the now fallen cart, but unfortunate enough to land on the rolling apples.  His ankle twisted and he went down face first.  Raleigh did not even stop to look back, but rushed on heedless of his friends mishap.
The pain shot through Adrian like a flame of fire.  He started to cry out, but bit his lip instead, cutting it open.  He looked up from his prostrate position to see the heels of Raleigh beating up and down and away from him.  He hurled himself to his hands and knees and crawled quickly off of the fruit.  When he reached firm ground he stood swiftly.  This time the pain was too much and he cried out and stumbled, almost falling.  He regained his balance and in a swift moment of determination, with a cold sweat breaking out upon his body, he ran.
Momentarily, he had lost sight of his guide, but then saw him ahead just as he ducked into an alleyway.  Adrian was nearly crying from the pain as he was jolted with each step.  He was slowing, and he hoped that it was not too much farther for he knew that if it was, he would lose sight of Raleigh altogether.  Upon reaching the alleyway he did.  He stopped in the overhanging archway to catch his breath and look around for signs of Raleigh.  His breathing was coming in ragged gasps and he was wincing from the pain.  He could not see where his friend had gone, but started forward anyhow.  Just as he saw the suspended sign that said, The Raven, he broke out into a jog.  As he was nearing the place a shout went up and out of the doorway stumbled several men, pushing one another out as if attempting to flee a fire.  He tasted blood in his mouth from his cut lip.  He quickened his pace and came to the door where some of the men were trying to get back in.  He attempted to shove them aside, they would not move.  He shouted with still no response.  Then he realized that he seemed to them as one of their own.  Suddenly, he cried out, Raleigh, Prince Henry!
This got several men stopped and they turned to stare at him.  There were questions about whom, and a common astonishment among them at the mention of Prince Henrys name.  One man facing him and asked, Is the prince here?
Adrian didnt know what to say; maybe they had not realized with whom they had been dealing or accosting, whichever it was.  Should he say yes?  It was possible the prince had not revealed his identity deliberately.  It would no doubt have been sufficient to frighten away the ruffians.  
Adrian answered with a truthful statement, yet not altogether honest.  I know not.
Then why did ye call out his name just now?  Shouted an angry voice in the mob.
Adrian started to answer when the door to the tavern once again burst open and Raleigh motioned for Adrian to help.  Instantly, the small mob was on the doorway like ants on a fallen locust.  Raleigh tried to hold them out, but the sheer mass was far too much for him and those that were helping him on the inside of the tavern.  Still, Adrian could not press his way to the door.  The gang of men was quickly prevailing and the open space in the door was rapidly widening.  Adrian did not know what else to do.  He drew out his sword.  The sound was barely audible, but bore such distinction that most of the men turned their heads in a frightful recognition.  There was a quick subsiding of shouts and other noise.  There stood Adrian, never had he drawn a real sword against a real foe, blood for blood.  He discovered that it did not matter to him; he was not frightened nor was he much exhilarated, but a calm, coolness settled over his mind. Suddenly, Adrian felt no pain, but only the joy and thrill of the fight as his body was washed with a surging flow of adrenaline.  He spoke again for him to be allowed entrance.  A second passed where no one moved.  He could see Raleigh watching him from the space in the door, all animated struggle frozen in a sense of anticipation.  Then a shout went up from the back of the mob.
Get him ye swine!  He is but a young lad who has stolen a sword.  Take him! Came the same drunken voice as before.  All animating began afresh now with a frenzied pace and a new object of ferocity was chosen.  No one in the group had a sword, which was an expensive item that none of these men could have ever afforded, but they did have small daggers and a couple had short staffs.
Several rushed Adrian immediately intent on taking him down with a swift move.  The practice of Adrian came to fruition in the swift, skilled, and deadly motions of the blade as it gleamed in the now setting sun.  They suddenly halted, sensing that it might be wise to reassess or change their mode of attack; this did not move like a stolen sword.
Get back I say, let me to the door!  Adrian spoke firmly.  The men began to move back and he took a couple of steps forward.  In that instant the drunken man of the riotous voice burst forth and seizing a staff from a nearby man came swiftly at Adrian twirling it in a blurring fashion.  The man drew to him and laughed loudly, Adrian could smell the ale on his breath.  Suddenly, he made a thrust and Adrian parried, almost not in time.  Then another thrust, then another, one after the other.  Suddenly, Adrian was on the defensive.  It made him angry!  He began to swing wildly at the mans twirling and thrusting staff.  That is just what the man wanted.  He stepped inside of Adrians guard and struck a heavy blow to his wrist.  Adrian cried out and nearly let the sword fall to the ground.  It would have fallen had he not put his gauntlets on; it deflected and absorbed most of the force.
The man had fully expected the sword to fly out of the lads hand and when it didnt he seemed a bit astonished.  He looked down at Adrians wrist and what he saw there caused a twinge of fear.  Even Adrian had not thought of it, but the long glove was embossed with the seal of Plantagenets; they belonged to the prince.  The man threw caution to the wind, knowing now that he was into more than his foolish, drunken mind had first allowed him, and shouted out.  After him come ye cowards!  On they rushed and Adrian found himself now fighting for what he determined was his life.  With the first rush he felt his blade strike against a staff and then another, severing the latter.  Then for the first time he felt the electric impulse of his arm register a foreign sensation that would one day be very familiar to him; penetration of a sharpened sword into the soft flesh of another human being.  To him it seemed as though it was such a slow process; he received a blow from a staff, parried another, ducked a arcing stab from a dagger, pulled from a pair of hands which yanked at his tunic, looked, saw the opening, gauged, and thrust.  He watched his sword obey, and it swung to point and began to move to the mans chest.  The needle-sharp tip came in such momentary contact with the fabric of his dress that it was not even noticed and entered his flesh.  Soft tissue of skin instantaneously gave way to the powerful force concentrated on that single point; into the muscle, severing hundreds of blood vessels, a rib deflecting it downward only a fraction of an inch, and then straight into the pounding heart which was not yet aware of its own end.  The heart was cut nearly in half from the width of the blade, before it exited out through the lung and protruded from the mans back.  For an instant the assailants eyes met those of Adrians and they held.  Adrian saw a glimpse into eternity through that look; he knew now what it must be like to face ones maker unprepared.  Then he instinctively withdrew his sword.  It was more difficult to pull out, the grip of every fiber of tissue in the wound held to the sword as though with a hand.  A sucking sound issued forth as the blade reversed and came out from the mans body.  Adrian saw the awareness of imminent death rise in the mans vision and then he was sprayed with blood.
In the last second of his life a scream erupted from his lips, foamy blood was again sprayed onto Adrians tunic.  He shuddered inside.  It was then that he realized who it was that he had just killed; it was the riotous man who had incited the entire assault upon him.
He just stared at the figure as it slowly crumpled to the ground.  In that few seconds he was cut with a dagger across his side.  He himself cried out and swung the mighty sword around out of instinctive defense and slashed the man straight across his belly.  The man screamed, dropped his dagger, and held to his belly with both hands.
Adrian was now beginning to sicken; he could see the man form an evisceration.  All of this maddened him!  These men were fools, all for what?  He cried to them to get back, but they kept coming.  He could not let up; they would surely kill him now.  He swung again and again, the arcing blade striking now everywhere.  He cared not too look, but he felt it strike into more flesh and hit against bone.  Oh!  The screams!  They would scream and fall, and then another one would take their place.  He was nearly horrified.  A quick mental calculation put his number of assailants at approximately twelve, if he remembered the crowd correctly.  He had put at least four or five to the ground; two he was doubtless sure were dead.  Yet, they would not withdraw!  He was hemmed in on the side by the narrow alley and they were blocking his way to The Raven, the only direction his could go was backward, but that would take him into the street and surely he would then be overwhelmed on all sides.
Raleigh!  He cried out, realizing more than ever the desperation of his situation.  Raleigh, where are you?  Then he heard something that sounded like an angry bull burst from the tavern door and Raleigh ran out, drawing his sword.  He ran to the group from behind.
Stop you peasants, or we will do you all in.  He had glanced down at the body of the drunken man lying in a trampled pool of blood.
They did stop and looked from one to the other and at Adrian and Raleigh; then at the dead and moaning bodies underfoot.  A man spoke up.
What will ye do to us if we cease from fighting?  The others nodded and echoed the question.
Raleigh looked to Adrian, but Adrian only shrugged.  Raleigh replied finally, The man who has done harm to our friend in the tavern looks to be dead, you were fools for helping him, but you did not strike the blow.  As I see it the score is settled.  He motioned at the dead troublemaker, See to your friend.
He is no friend of ours.
Nonetheless, you have joined with him in revelry, see to him.
They muttered and complained, but daggers were put away and they shuffled about helping the wounded and dragging the dead down the alley.
Raleigh grabbed Adrians shoulder as he looked at his side, soaked crimson.  Adrian, you are bleeding!  Are you fine?
I believe so.  What of the prince?  He was in a daze.
Shhh!  He is not known and requests not to be known.  He does need our help just now.  He began to walk toward the tavern door replacing his sword, Adrian did likewise.  Again, I say, how is your side?
Fine.
I doubt that; we will look at it as soon as we get inside.
Adrian was not prepared for what he saw when he went inside the tavern.  Chairs were laid strewn about, tables overturned; some of either article of furniture was broken in several pieces.  There looked to have been quite a fight earlier on, but now all was relatively quiet.  Raleigh filled him in on the details.  The prince had been drinking heavily and was gambling with some of the men.  He accused one of them of cheating, which the man was; the big man with the loud voice.  It went bad from there.  Several men accosted the man and he then accused Henry of cheating.  Everyone took sides.  That is when Orwell ran out and went for help.  
How did you get everyone out of the tavern?
Raleigh chuckled.  The opposing group appeared to be closest to the door.  So I went toward the back of the tavern and began to yell fire.  They wasted no time in running out.  As soon as they went out I shut the door on them.  Though it did not take them long to figure out what had happened.
Raleigh took Adrian through a door in the side of the main room and down a short hallway.  He pushed aside a blanket which served as a curtain and stepped into a small bedroom.  On the bed lay Prince Henry, a young girl pressing a cloth to the top of his head.  Adrian went quickly to him.
Milord, are you alright?  Prince Henry turned his head and opened his eyes to look at Adrian, then smiled.
Fine lad, just fine.  Could you not tell by the beauty that even now holds my rotten head in her hands?  Adrian looked at the girl, somehow he had not noticed, but she was quite beautiful and well-favored.  She looked back at Adrian and blushed, turning aside her gaze.  I am going to be well in about ten minutes or so, that is when they are going to serve another round.  Henry tried to laugh, but coughed instead.  He was quite drunk, that was obvious.  Sit, sit.
Adrian looked for a place to sit, but there was none, so he just stood and looked at the prince.  Raleigh went and got a chair and placed it behind Adrian.  Adrian sat down.
The prince reached up and patted the girl on the hand.  My dear lady, please tend to our friend here.  He motioned to the growing spot of blood which he had immediately spied on Adrian.  She picked up the small cloth that was moistened and looked at the princes wound below.  Adrian saw it now for the first time.  Does it look bad, Adrian?  You should see the chair, it did not fair so well, I doubt that it will recover as quickly as I.  He again attempted to laugh.
Sire, please do sit still.  You need to rest.  The maiden quietly said.  
Rest, I need no rest.  I shall be ready to go as soon as you do as you were told.  His voice was slurred, but firm this time.  She got up and went to Adrian.  He just looked at her as she stood over him.  Finally, she put her hands on her hips and shook her head.
Kind sir, have you lost that much blood, or it is your first time to be wounded?Adrian did not understand.  I need to see your side.
He tried to pull up his tunic, but it caused him pain so he let go.  The girl stepped closer and brushed his arm aside.  Deftly she pulled up the tunic, and his undergarment, revealing a long cut angling downward across his side.  It was not deep and she said so.
Just let me wash it a bit and you shall be on your merry way.  Off she went to the kitchen to fetch some more hot water and another cloth.  When she was gone the prince, who had appeared to drift off to sleep, opened his eyes and winked at Adrian, a broad smile on his face.  As soon as the girl reappeared he closed his eyes and rolled his head back to his former resting position.
She knelt down beside Adrian and he caught the scent of her hair and felt the slight warmth of her body beside his.  There now. She said as she washed the cut.  It had stung a little bit, but her dexterity got the job done far quicker and easier than Adrian had believed she could.
~
They took the prince back to his quarters in the castle and deposited him in his bed with instructions to change the damp cloth from cold water to hot in the morning, and to make sure that he got rest.  This was not too difficult because as soon as they, with the help of the servants, put him to bed, he went directly to sleep.
Back out in the front sitting room Adrian and Raleigh sat down and were quiet for some time.  Orwell brought roasted partridge, grapes, and figs from the kings kitchen, left over from that evenings meal and set it on the table between the couches.  It smelled good and they wasted no time in eating.  Adrian was a bit slower because of the stiffness from his bandages.  He did not feel pain now, but was sure that by morning there would be considerable discomfort for him to have to contend with.  Orwell returned after some time from checking on Henry.  The young men were reclined back in their respective places, sipping at their cider.
How is your head Orwell?  Raleigh asked after several minutes.
It is better, thank you, nearly painless.  He chuckled at himself and what had happened.
Listen, about what happened . . . Raleigh paused, I guess I am not good at this, but I apologize for getting rough with you earlier.
Orwell simply chuckled again.  Nay, not necessary.  I consider it rather amusing when I stop and think about it.  I was intent on securing help for the prince and going with you, but in my utter hastiness I spilled over and cracked my skull on the door and did it once more on the ground.  He now shook his head from side to side smiling.  I am only sorry that I missed out on the action.  I hear it was quite a commotion, especially the skillful sword play of Adrians.
Puzzled Raleigh and Adrian turned to look at each other.  To their knowledge neither had said a word to him, and he had not had time to confer with the other servants which had since retired while he was gone to check on the prince.
How is it that you know of what happened?  Adrian asked.
Milord, the Prince, has filled me in on the details while I was changing his bandage.  
Adrian sat up.  You did not wake him did you?
No Milord, he was awake when I went in.  He walked over to Adrian.  As a matter of fact he asked me to check up on you.
I am fine.  Adrian replied in a rough manner, he was not going to have another boy plucking at his side with a wet cloth.  
Orwell stepped back, The prince demanded that I make sure you were fit for the tournament tomorrow.
Suddenly, Adrians mind froze.  Tomorrow.  Tomorrow was the tournament!  He didnt know if he would be able to complete his duel with Sir Chavelle like he was.  The prince must have anticipated his thoughts because Orwell continued.  Milord, the prince, instructed me to tell you that you may not dismiss yourself from your duties tomorrow, that if you did you would be dismissed from them permanently by him.  I am sorry, but he was very stern on that matter, quite frightened I was when he put on his most serious and ominous expression.
Adrian and Raleigh looked at each other.  Raleigh spoke first.  Do you think you can do it?
It appears I have no choice.
Of course you do; did you not hear?
Raleigh, to be dismissed by the prince is not an option.
Then as your own words, you have no choice.
Exactly.
So, do you think that you can do it?
Adrian did not wait for thought to respond, he had thought of it many times before, and this cut on his side made no difference.  No.  I dont.  I would not even were I without this scratch in my hide.
Why do you say that?
Raleigh, do you know anything about the engagement?
Sure you are to fight Sir Chavelle de Chaumont in the kings lists at the six hour on the morrow.  Raleigh pretended as though he were reading a proclamation.
You feel pretty certain about this all, why dont you take my place?
I shall, well, not entirely, but I will be your second.
Yes, but I have to live long enough to signal for you to come and help me.  I can only do that once we have both been dismounted, that is only if we decide to fight on foot as well as horseback.  I dont know Raleigh, it seems very looming now.
You dont want to?  Raleigh asked in a subdued tone, as he swung his feet off of the ottoman and brought them smacking into the floor.
That is not it Raleigh.  Adrian took a deep breath.  I killed a man tonight.
What does that have to with it?
It was the first man I have ever killed; I had no idea what it was like.
Adrian listen to you!  You are a soldier, a man of war; you are going to be a knight.  As much as you dont like the idea, you must get used to it.  You are going to kill many men in your lifetime.
Raleigh, I dont know if I can get used to what I saw tonight.  You thought all of that blood was from me, but it wasnt.  It was from him.  Adrian shook himself at the memory.  Besides it is easy for you to talk, you have never killed a man before.
Raleigh abruptly grew very somber and seemed slightly hurt.  That is where you are wrong.
What do you mean?
You dont remember when I told you how I saved my sister from shame and possible death.  I killed that man Adrian.  I cut his head off!  Dont tell me that I dont know what it is like!  Adrian could see that his comrade was angry and sensed a degree of bitterness in his words.
Look, I am sorry Raleigh.  I forgot.  Adrian meekly replied.
That is quite all right, you are not the only that forgot!  Raleigh turned his face away, he looked very black indeed.  
Adrian thought of Victoria.  I am sorry that she is so selfish.  I wish I could change that.
You will never change her.  Do you not think that I considered that I might die a terrible death for even attempting what I did?  I saved her life by killing another man and now she shuns me.  Why?  Because I am becoming a man of war, because I am soldier that may kill another man, or die myself!  Dont you see? It is all about her! Her!  No one else, just her!  That is why she and Chavelle . . . Raleigh cut himself short and looked at Adrian.  Adrian felt the pang of his near remark and wished that he knew the truth about it all.  He inwardly winced.
I suppose I deserved that, Raleigh.  Adrian hung his head and tried to fight off the familiar, sickening knot in his stomach.
Raleigh stood and went to him.  Oh, Adrian, you are not the one who needs to be sorry I am.  It is not your fault; I have just tried to believe that it all did not matter to me, that I did not feel pain.  I was wrong; and I was the lesser man for not expressing it earlier, as you did.  Adrian nodded as Raleigh put his hand to his shoulder.  I understand that you are in love with her.  You are different from me Adrian.  You feel things far beyond what a person like I can understand.  I know many would call that weak, but I think of it as strength because you do what you must in spite of it all.  Other like I dont feel much, but you keep up and deal with all of the matters that you talk to me about.  I . . . Adrian lifted his head and put a hand up.
Please, dont say any more.  It doesnt matter.  We are what we are and I forgive you.  You cannot help the way you are, and I cannot help the way I am.  We must go on.  He looked at his friend and extended his hand.  They shook hands and then Adrian stood.  I do believe if I am going to even be able to get on a horse tomorrow I should retire.  Raleigh agreed, but stood there.  
Did you know that you killed more than one man tonight?
I thought maybe two.  How do you know?
You killed two in the fight, and I am sure that another will die; the man who had his guts hanging out.  Adrian nodded slowly.  But you killed another man also.  Adrian looked at him intently.  You are dead Adrian; you will wake up a different person tomorrow.  You will see it all over and over again.  You will never be able to not know what it is like to take another mans life.
I hadnt thought of that.  Adrian mused.
Do you still want to kill Sir Chavelle?  The question caught Adrian off guard and he just stared blankly at his friend.
I dont know.
You will know by the time you get ready for the fight.  If you say no then I will bet for you at the wager table.  If you choose a death match I am afraid that I will have to bet against you.
Adrian was silent.
You dont have to fight a death match.
You dont think that I will win?
Now Raleigh was silent for a time.  No.
Adrian looked at his friend.  I never believed I could, but I was ready to try for Victoria Marie, even if it meant dying.  I want her to know that I care about her; that I was going to revenge the shameful harm done by this man to her, but you have reminded me that it would be gratuitous and she will be forgetful.
I am sorry Adrian.  I would rather have you around, she is not worth it.
Raleighs last words stung Adrian and went straight to his heart.  She is not worth it!  He did not feel that way; of course she was worth it.  She was a victim of an evil, selfish, and murderous man.  It was not her fault!  But somehow Adrian was not quite convinced of his own reasoning.
Raleigh continued.  Listen Adrian, you are superb in the lists.  I have never seen anyone handle a horse or a lance as good as you can.  Just wager a knockdown and it will be over.  You can unhorse him easily!
It seems the best way to do it.  Adrian agreed.
Believe me it is.
Why would I need you as a second then?
I was only jesting.  I honestly did not mean it, forget I said it.
So, you will not help me then?  Raleigh just looked at Adrian for a few seconds.  Never mind, this time I was jesting.
Alright, Raleigh announced like a crier after a few seconds.  Would all of the kings jesters find their way immediately to their quarters before they are restricted from the wine barrel for ten years.  They all three laughed.  Raleigh turned and was gone.  Orwell changed Adrians bandage and then helped him into bed.
Milord, do you intend to fight this man?
Orwell, I can do nothing else.
Why you?
I was challenged by him, if I refuse it will mar the kings and the princes honor.
Let someone else take your place, you are wounded.
I thought that Prince Henry told you that I would not be able to get out of it.  Besides, why didnt you let someone else run for help tonight?
Ahh, I see your message.  You are a very wise man, Milord.
Just go to bed Orwell.
Yes, Milord.


Chapter IXX

A shout rang out as the men watched the party approach over the top of the hill with Baron Godfrey and Isaac at its head.  Isaac was in far better health than when he left and it showed in his features.  They had just returned from gathering hired craftsmen to oversee the rebuilding of the Godfrey estate.  The outbuildings were no more and the small castle had been gutted out by fire, everything was in need of the greatest of attention.
May I, Milord?  Isaac pointed down the hill toward the encampment and men standing with their eyes shaded from the setting sun.  They were still quite some distance away at this point.
Certainly.  The baron nodded and smiled, understanding the youths vigor and excitement.  He was once young.  He sighed; he certainly was not young now.  Isaac put heels to his horse and went down the hill at a canter.
Godfrey had accomplished even more on his trip this time then he had planned on.  The silver goods from England had arrived just shortly after him.  He sent an order back for twenty more sets.  The first set sold swiftly, for Waldo was a master silversmith.  Godfrey now had a small importing business that would help with the rebuilding of his estate.  He had also called in a few debts, and sold a few small parcels of land just outside of Feldkirch.  He was ready to progress in his plan at a rapid pace.
He watched as Isaac reached the men.  They shouted loudly and surrounded him so tightly that he fairly could not dismount.  Finally, he did and threw his arms around the nearest man in a gigantic hug.
Isaac, my, it is good to see you again.  Johann was the man that had been the closest to him; he was the one that he had just embraced.  Since returning back to the ruined estate that fateful day and finding his sons grave it had taken him some time to recover.  The truth of the matter was is that in his expression of gratitude toward Isaac that night for having buried his son and the others, he discovered that this young lad seemed now to almost take his place in his heart.  It had been a desperate thing that Isaac had done, and spoke of such humanity and respect that all honored him for it, but certainly Johann loved him for it all the more.
Johann, it is good to be here.  Isaac smiled and laughed.
I would not have been able to guess that it was you Isaac, or at least nearly not been able to.  I dare say that you have reinstated your health back upon your lonely bones.  Another called out.
Yes, I have!  Thanks to the baron, who has been most kind.  He turned around to see the speaker and then the rest of them.  Fellows we have been most successful in our journey, I am very much eager to tell you, but I will defer the privilege to Baron Godfrey.
At that moment Godfrey rode his mount up to the group of jubilant men.  That I thank you for Isaac; though I would not have begrudged your telling of our fortune.  He spoke to the rest of the men.  Men, my servants, my friends, tonight we have a celebration like you have not seen in some time.  The men whooped loudly, shouted, and threw their arms into the air.  Let us go prepare.  I will tell you of those things tonight as we sit to feast.  He began to walk his horse toward the camp.  Make yourself out to be a friend to those that I have brought, soon enough we will be working side by side and shall be in need of a cordial relationship.
That night as the men gathered around the fire where they roasted a pig and sheep, they were to hear of the success of the beginning of their venture.  They also told of their own success with the small herds gathered, the replanting of trees, and the salvage of anything valuable or useable within the estate.  
Outstanding men!  Things will take a greater shape I believe within the next few months.  I was able to obtain resources for the rebuilding of the estate and the equipment to reinstate its productivity.  The men you now dine with, before unknown to you, are tradesmen which I have hired to work with us.  Furthermore, this fall we will be training for the art of warfare.  This winter we will manufacture our weapons, in the spring we will train again, plant our crops, and I will purchase horses for our needs; these we will train with in the summer.  In the fall just after harvest we will be ready to make our bold move.  We will pursue our enemies and recover our loved ones!  There was a shout of agreement, but Godfrey could sense some questions arise within the hearts of the men.  Listen, listen.  He shouted above the din.  I understand we are all ready to pursue now.  That we fear for our loved ones welfare, but we cannot stand against the enemy that did this as we are.  We must leave their momentary fate within the hand of the Almighty, say our prayers for them, and prepare!  When we are ready we will strike!  When we strike we will prevail!  This time the shouts rose to a crescendo of such proportions that were a person within a mile it could have been heard.  Now let us get to the feast for we have much work ahead of us in the days to come!
~

As the rain fell down upon the roof of the chteau Genevieve looked out of the window upon a bleak vision of dusk and the streaking precipitation from the sky.  She was numb with grief and pain.  Her days now consisted of mental torment and fear concerning the welfare of the women, her servants, herself, and her dear husband, Godfrey.  Where was he now?  What was his reaction when he received her warning that she had managed to send on the trail of their capture?  She knew that his moral constitution would not allow him to heed her warnings, yet she hoped that he would.  How had this happened?  It seemed so surreal and the effects of such cataclysmic changes wrought in her a sense of emotional disembodiment.  At first all she could do was fret and weep, but now she could not find it within her to weep anew.  Had that invisible fountain of tears dried up within her?  Had she cried beyond what was allotted to her by Providence?  She did not know, but she knew that she must face what was ahead with resolve, if she could muster it.
The honorable Sir Frances Cousteau had not appeared to claim his prize.  As soon as they had returned he was called to Paris and then off to see a rising man, Bernard VII of Armagnac.  From what Genevieve could gather his return was uncertain for at least two months.  A bitter-sweet respite, she thought, for she could not bring herself to hope against his return.  Upon this thought a shudder came violently upon her.  What a horror awaited her at the hands of this vain and hateful man, Frances Cousteau.  She refocused her gaze and abruptly turned away from the window.
Milady, are you cold?  Asked her elderly lady servant.  Shall I get you a warm cover and hot tea?
Genevieve surveyed this kindly older woman tenderly for a moment.  She had been caught in a retribution that was not of her own past and yet served as faithfully and amiably as ever before.  She was a steady one; Genevieve was thankful for her.  The men with Sir Frances were all for leaving her behind to an uncertain fate, but she pleaded with Frances to allow her to come with her as her personal attendant.  He had let her come, but Genevieve knew that the journey had been difficult for her.
Yes, Nadine, I would like some tea, but the coldness that I feel is not that which it will heat.  I am cold in my soul.
The old woman smiled sympathetically and nodded.  Milady fears the return of his lordship, Sir Frances.
Indeed, that I do.
I understand.  Yet, even so ones lot in life can consist of dread or a sense of courage to face what lies ahead.  Was the humble, yet subtle suggestion of something impure.
Listen Nadine, Lady Genevieve sighed deeply.  I understand your intent in such a comment, but one cannot steel her soul against such a horror and resolve herself to a state of comfort and bliss for such a future as that.  She stated emphatically.
One must do what one must do.  Came the slightly mordant reply.
Indeed, that may be applied to anything that we encounter.  It is not what I must do that I am afraid of; for that I cannot help at this present point.  It is how that I am concerned about.  I understand the wisdom of age, but I shall never surrender myself to accepting such a fate that awaits me!  It may come upon me, but I shall not give evil the pleasure of knowing victory, it shall always know that I may be captured in body, but never compelled in spirit.  Evil will know the price of its doing in the misery of all my efforts against it.
I once felt the same way.  Nadine smiled an odd smile that Genevieve was not sure she understood or liked.  Evil has a way of persistence that even the strongest of us cannot stand up to indefinitely.
Are you saying that we should give in; that since hope is not present we resign ourselves to willing participation, whether for our pleasure or survival?  Do you believe this?  Genevieve was awestruck at what she was hearing, or at least perceived she had heard.
The older woman showed a hint of shame and bowed her head ever so slightly, but soon it passed; she had once again repelled the sense of moral principles in relation to her past, present, and future.  I am alive.  Was all that she said.
Genevieve was shocked afresh.  She was now fully aware of the words and their meaning of this woman that she had just shortly before been so thankful for.  Yes, Nadine, but at what price?
I am alive.  Again stated in a flat tone.
To live a life is to but a small thing, any human creature of God is capable of such a thing, but it is how we live it that determines our distinction, destiny, and character of our soul!  Just to live is a trivial thing!  It is not enough to merely survive!
Milady shames me.  Nadine peered into Genevieves eyes desperately, searching for the source of what she now felt.
Indeed I wish I could, but I saw just a moment ago that you are past such a quality.  You have sold your honor for shame, and your shame for shamelessness; for what, to be alive?  Nadine it is not enough!  Genevieve spoke angrily; for she felt her very core under the great pressure of compromise.
Do you wish me dead?  The steel features of that older womans face began to give way to the first signs of emotion that Genevieve had ever seen.
I wish no such thing.
Indeed, you do.  You are saying that I am better to be dead than to live the dishonorable life that I have lived.
I know nothing of your past except what has been in our service.
And that, was it not redeemable?
Quite so, but that does not change your character should you hold to such philosophy.
Now, as it is now, upon Nadines wrinkled face her lower lip began to tremble.  Am I worthy of life?  Am I of value to you?
Nadine, you are of great value.
But you say that I should be dead, or rather have died than to have come through what I came through to be here, serving you!
I did not, do not wish your death at any one time, past or present.  I simply cannot deny what is right and honorable to agree with someone that is valuable, yet dishonorable in their past and beliefs.
Your words cut me deep, Milady.  Genevieve could see now that the womans eyes were beginning to redden and gather moisture against the threat of tears.
My words also wound me, for it is I that is required conformation to them.  It is I that must live by them, not you.  I have done nothing more than defend the sanctity of my soul against a moral heresy that speaks of my spiritual condescension to granting evil the pleasure of my willingness.  She sighed.  Shall I give myself willingly to sin and evil?  That is the question that must be answered.  Do you not see?
I see, Milady.  Came the quiet answer.
Then speak.  Shall I?  Answer before God, yea or nay!  Genevieve spoke fervently.
Suddenly, the old Nadine burst into tears and began to sob.  Genevieve stared at her unyielding, unsympathetic.  Milady, you do not understand.
Nadine listen to me!  Nor do I hope to!  I do not want to understand the anguish that you are just now tormented by.  I do not want to understand the regret that sweeps over you.  Nadine, that is what I am trying to tell you!  I do not want to understand.  You argue for your belief of compromise and yet you cry out in pain at the result of it.  Is it not the very testimony from your own lips and heart that compels me to strengthen the resolve that I have made?
I must confess, it does appear so.  Came the tearful reply.  It was as if the brilliant light that had just shined into her life by this unyielding maiden of purity was now becoming a ray of warmth rather than the sharp piercings of revealing reproach.  She was growing accustomed to its brilliance and suddenly began to see things that ever had hindered her in certain proper conclusions.  It was if she stood and looked back at her life as never before.
Then I beg of you answer my question of a moment ago.  Genevieve allowed the anger to go out of her voice momentarily.  Shall I give myself willingly to sin and evil?
From within the reservoir of years of confined emotion came a surging forth.  A pitiful cry burst from the ancient, quivering lips.  No, no!  You must not!  You must not!  Then before Genevieves very eyes the old woman collapsed upon her hands and knees to the floor and began to crawl toward her.  She grasped her around the legs and put her face to her skirt and wept therein.  You mustnt.  You mustnt!
Genevieve was stunned beyond reaction and had not recovered before the continuation of this outpouring renewed itself.
Thou and thou alone art what I have not been.  You are righteous in your judgment and thereby condemn me.  
Genevieve recovered enough to reach down and take a hold of her shoulders.  Now you must cease this Nadine.  Do not hold to me so!
Milady, it is a bright light that you cast now upon my soul.  I have sold it to the evil one for exchange of another breath.  But the air which I have breathed has from that day been full of the mists of Hell.  I have just for a moment, such a brief moment, taken in the breath of Heaven through the words of this its messenger.  It has stung, but now I see that my soul has been starving for it.  I have been wrong all of these years.  My existence has been based upon a lie of the need for survival and not that which is right.  With this she lifted up her face from the skirts of the helpless, speechless younger woman and looked beyond her face, beyond, the ceiling of the chteau and into something greater.  God of Heaven forgive me!  I have been so wrong.
What Genevieve saw was the face of an old woman, but in her eyes she saw a reflection of desperation, hope, and release.  They were the eyes of youth, beaming out the pain of the past, looking upon the present moment of gravity, and searching for hope of loving reconciliation with the Heavens in the future.  She felt the hold upon her grow less and pushed the broken woman gently away.
Nadine, I am no saint you must not do so to me.
Milady, you have showed me what I had ceased to believe in; the reality of Gods desires for his creation.  To be willing to sacrifice themselves as Messire did for the cause of good, even when it is to die.  This I have not done.
Nor have we all.  We all have failed.
Yes, but I have not just failed, but have denied.  I have betrayed; as that man Judas.  He discovered as you have said and as I am discovering; there are things better than existence.
Yes, you do see.
Indeed, Milady, I do.  The pain that I feel is that of the labor of travail at the rebirth of my dead conscience.  I am beginning to feel that which I destroyed years ago to excuse my own sin.
~
The fire was dwindling as Genevieve got up from beside the old womans bedside.  She placed on another piece of wood.  Taking the kettle she poured another cup of steaming tea for herself and then sat by the fires restored flame.  There she sat for some time thinking the afternoons events over and over in her mind.  Though Nadine appeared to be physically well, she suddenly lapsed into a strange condition.  It was as though all of the years of mental and emotional toil against the truth of her past deeds came back upon her to gather the harvest of moral depravity and cast it upon her bosom.  Genevieve was quite shocked.  She did not know what to do with it all.  It seemed that morning dawned upon an old, yet still very strong, woman which now was reduced in spirit and body to a figure of fragility.  
Suddenly, she heard a stir come from her bed.  Genevieve rose and swiftly went to her.  She said nothing but placed her hand upon the shoulder of this transformed woman.
Milady.  The voice was remarkably clear.  I have lived more this last few hours than I have lived in many years.
Genevieve made a movement as if to reply, but was interrupted.  Nay, do not speak.  I have peace that I denied existed.  I know faith as I have never known it.  My heart has been wearied by my evil and now it is rested.  She looked up at Genevieve and then put her own hand upon hers.  Milady, I have seen the future.  I have had a dream just now.  You will be rewarded for your strength and conviction; the man will not touch you.
Genevieves heart jumped at this.  Could it be true?  Even now she faltered at this pure faith, and seemingly divine utterance.  Was this true?
I know what you are thinking.  Answered the smiling old woman.  It is so.  I do not know how, but it is so.  You will be safe from evil.  A sigh erupted from the lips of this messenger of good tidings.  It is my last wish for you.  I am grateful it has been granted.  Her hand slowly slid off of Genevieves and her eyes suddenly turned and fixed again on that place beyond what she could see.  She had let out her last breath; it was of the purest air of humanities existence, peace.
Genevieve watched it before her and yet could not bring herself to believe it.  When she saw the old womans bosom slowly drift downward and not rise again she knew that it was so.  She threw herself upon Nadine and burst into tears as that well was once again released that she had thought to have dried up.  
The fire crackled as if to give its condolences and then she drifted into griefs unconsciousness.


Chapter XX

People were pouring into the city from everywhere nearby.  The streets were full with carts, horses, people on foot, and carriages.  The noise level was exceedingly great; there was the shouting of vendors as they attempted to take advantage of the flood of humanity passing by, laughter from many; small children screamed and squealed with delight as they ran in trivial circles about their walking parents.  Excitement was in the air.  It was a holiday; it was a time of celebration; it was a time of entertainment  something that their world did not see often and they were taking full advantage of its occurrence.
Adrian watched the seemingly endless flow of people just beyond the front courtyard of the princes residence.  He was having second thoughts about all of this.  It wasnt so much that he was scared  though he was, but he also wished to participate in the merriment as carefree as those that he now viewed.  He didnt have as strong a drive that he imagined that he would have when the prospect was at hand of facing Sir Chavelle de Chaumont.  He knew he must see it through, it was his duty and he would not shirk it.
He sighed and as he did he winced, the pressure of such a deep breath sent a sharp pain through his side.  He reached with tender fingers and gently probed the bandage; it was intact.  It was not that bad of a wound, but it had taken a little of the fight out of him to have tasted of a daggers edge.  He thought again of the men he had killed and was shocked not at their death at his hands, but how easy it had come to him.  It was as though his body had acted on its own, as though instincts had guided his every move, he couldnt even remember consciously acting with the sword in his hand.  He knew that it would not be that easy in real battle.  Those men had not been armed, yet he had been much outnumbered.
He was about to turn away from the window to begin his preparation for the tournament grounds when he heard a step behind him.  He remained where he was.  The only person it could be was Prince Henry; Raleigh and the servants were busy with other things.  He waited.
The prince noiselessly stepped beside him at the window.  There they stood for some seconds before the prince spoke.
It is almost hypnotic in power to watch so many people moving together, is it not?
Adrian agreed.  In fact, his gaze had more than once drifted out of focus as he simply watched the marching of the masses, mesmerized by their endless drifting down the street.
I remember the day when I first saw the streets filled with so many people.  It was after my father had been exiled and King Richard II brought me from our manor in Bolingbroke to the city.  One day my cousins and I were playing in the castles courtyard beneath one of the towers and we heard a shout come from somewhere.  It was followed by many more until they mingled into a roar of voices.  We ran quickly into the tower, pushing past the guards, and went to the top.  As we looked out we saw a procession began to make its way toward us.  The streets began to fill with people.  It was like there were drops of water, each with its own distinct behavior dripping out of the houses and buildings and forming small streams of animation in the streets.  The prince was quiet for some time and finally Adrian ventured a question.
Milord, what was the occasion for such an event, was it a tournament?
Nay, Adrian.  The prince chuckled.  At least not like the one that we are to have today.  It was the return of my father from an exile which he cut short while King Richard was in Ireland.  The populous had heard the whisperings of his return.  There was a tremendous amount of support for him among the common people and Richard was, and had been, steadily losing more and more credibility in the eyes of the entire kingdom.  I suppose it was a time of celebration for the people.  It was not long until father was made king.
What happened to King Richard?
He faced a deposition from Parliament and then was taken as a captive of the king and taken to Leeds.  Later he after being moved to Pontefract he was suddenly found to be dead.
Dead?
Yes, the means of his death were unsure, but I am certain that it was not natural causes.
He was murdered?
Not exactly, at least it would not be wise to label it as such.  He was simply taken out of the way for the peace of the kingdom.
Adrian was silent.  He did not want to know any more concerning the matter and he felt as though even if he did the prince was finished talking about it all.
Adrian, are you ready for what lies ahead of you today.  Prince Henry suddenly looked at him.
To speak the truth, no.  I am not, but I do not see my readiness as a matter of consequence.  I must do what I must.
Indeed, you must.  You will not fail me in this matter will you?
Fail you Milord?
Adrian, you will meet fear today as you have never met it yet.  It is not fear at its worst, but it is sufficient to cause one to consider a change of mind.
I am not afraid.
Henry laughed, No I dont believe you are, but I know that you will be.  All I am asking of you is that when you do become afraid that you press on and finish your task.
Indeed I shall, you may put your faith in me.
That is what I was hoping for.  It was silent then Henry spoke again.  I believe that the best course for you is to wager a knockdown.  The first man to fall is the loser.  I believe you have a great chance of success.  If you do not, all that we will lose  all that you will lose is your pride, not your life.  I have spoken with Sir Gilbert at length concerning this French fellow.  He believes that he will try to kill you today.
There it was.  Adrian thought of those words and knew that they were true.  He had had that feeling for days.  He did not know why he felt that way, but he suspected that is why he was so reluctant on this morning.  He turned to the prince and surveyed the seriousness of his expression and needed no question answered by the stern, strong mouth.  It was the truth.
Why do you think he wants me dead?
It is not you, entirely, but it is a blow to Sir Gilbert that he desires.  He has the knowledge that you are his protg, as they call it.
This was news to Adrian.  He did not consider himself such.  He was not really sure what a protg was, but he knew it meant that someone was a rising star of ability under a masters tutelage.
It is toward Gilbert that he seeks revenge and you are the closest to him.  For now he cannot get to Gilbert without his intentions being known.  This he will not do, for he desires to return back to France alive.  If he were to attack Gilbert, he would not live, I would not allow it.
Really I see it as more than that though.  France is in a lot of political upheaval and they are seeking for a fight.  There will be war with France again, I feel as though this is just the beginning and somehow is involved in that near futures destiny.  He turned and looked at Adrian.  A lot hangs on you right now.  It would be a great boost for the pride of England to see you defeat Chavelle today.  He put a hand on Adrians shoulder.  You should go get ready now.
Adrian left feeling as though he could not fail; he knew me must not.
~
The soldiers surrounding him pressed their way through crowds and toward the small temporary stables built for the tournament.  There he would check his mount over and then proceed to get his battle dress and armor on, and then wait his turn.  Quite a few people turned their heads to look at him after they noticed his heavily armed escorts.  These people knew that he was to compete in todays event and it made him sort of a celebrity.  There were nods, smiles, winks, and quite a few bashful second glances by the young woman and girls.  He found himself suddenly exhilarated and oddly enough, looking forward to the duel.
When he got to the readiness room Raleigh was there waiting for him with other servants.  One was the stable boy that Adrian had spoken to some months ago concerning his mount, should he ever go to battle.
A loud cheer erupted and a long applause, with screaming voices, incomprehensible inside the room.  Everyone stopped and listened, then resumed there work.  A comment was made that an event had just ended.
The room was small and filled with armor and weapons of different sorts all over the place.  It also smelled of sweat, and leather.  He looked around at different ones that were undressing and changing back into their normal clothing.  He watched as a knight stumbled in with his helmet in one hand, which he tossed onto a pile of clothes off to the side.  His face was reddened and his hair was matted from sweat, which ran down him like he had been out in the rain.  The man called a page over and stood as the page undid the latches and belts that held his armor on.  First the leggings, and gauntlets, then the mans tunic and coat of mail were taken off. Adrian could not help but stare.  The man was a solid wall of strength.  His arms were heavily muscled and well defined.  Every movement caused a quiver of some great muscle that Adrian was not even sure he had seen before.  Suddenly, he felt very small and weak.  He hoped that Sir Chavelle did not look like that with his shirt off, if so he was in trouble.  No matter.  He was not going to fight him hand to hand.  Arms worried Adrian at this point, but his horsemanship he had no doubts about.  He wasnt small for his age, just not that big!
Impressive isnt it?  Raleigh stood next to him also watching.  Someday, you watch.  He said as his lifted up his own arm and flexed his bicep.  Then he laughed.
Who is that man?  Adrian asked.
It is Sir Roger Denning of Norfolk, one of the best swordsmen in England I hear; he just finished an exhibition duel with another man from Norfolk, I didnt catch the name.
I dont know about all this, Raleigh.  I mean look at that man and tell me that I could defeat him at anything!
Chess?  Raleigh said in mock seriousness.
Very amusing, I am not even so sure about that.
Suddenly, there was another shout and cheering from different parts of the tournament arena at different times.
They are introducing the next event and participants.  Raleigh commented.  You better get ready; when they are done you are next.
Adrian suddenly came back to life as his heart began to pound.  He almost did not know what to do.  He called a page and motioned for him to come over.  
Never mind him Adrian.  Today I am your squire.  Raleigh went and began to bring the things over for Adrian that he had previously brought from the princes possessions.  Today you wear the colors of the prince, slightly modified of course for this purpose.  After all you are not really him.  He laughed and began to lay out the shirt, breaches and padding.  Adrian began to undress.  He was in the middle of pulling his shoes off when Sir Roger Denning came and walked up to him, now changed back.  He extended his hand toward Adrian.
You must be Adrian.  I expect a superb performance today my man.  I will be watching from the stands.  The voice was deep and strong, yet kind.  The mans eyes seemed to be smiling as Adrian took his hand and felt its sheer bulk consume his own.  He shook, rather tried to shake, but found his own efforts of motion contradicted and swallowed up by the others.
Thank you Sir.  I am sure yours was exceptional today.
Oh, you did not see?  Of course not, you were getting ready in here.  The man screwed his face up and put his finger to his lips.  You mustnt tell anyone, but I was exceptionally awful today.
I dont know how that could be.
Then you dont know much.  It takes more than just these, he pointed to his arms.  To win.  It also takes this.  He pointed to his head.  That tricky little devil always has some new thing hidden away.  He is fast also, amazingly fast.  If it were a real battle, I could take him with one blow and send him home in two pieces, but I can almost never touch him.
You have fought him before?  Adrian was curious.
Oh, more than once, I should say.  He laughed.  I taught him to fight, it is my son.
He beat you?  Now Adrian was really curious.  How old is he?
He is about your age.  He didnt really beat me.  I would have been able to kill him several times, but he sure touched me more than I could get to him.  I suppose I am getting old and slow.
A chorus of shouts suddenly seemed to shake the little building.
You better quit talking and get your armor on.  I really must go and find my seat.  The knight turned to go.  You will do fine, just look in the princes booth I will be there with the prince.
Adrian put on the undergarments and began to put the padding on.  Raleigh helped him finish and then put the armor on him.  They made their way to the door and stepped out.  The first thing to hit Adrian was the air.  Although, not fresh it was much better than where he had just came out of.  The second thing was the noise.  It was immense!
They walked by way of a private walkway to the stable.  Chavelle was just riding off with Philippe walking beside him when they spotted him.  Philippe spoke to the knight and they stopped.  Chavelle turned and shouted.  You better hurry or you are going to be late for your whipping.  Little boy!  He threw his head back and laughed, then continued on.
Adrian was instantly angry and balled his gloved fist up, and clenched his teeth.
Forget it Adrian.  Raleigh said and pressed his elbow to motion him forward.
They came to the stable and the stable hand had Adrians mount ready.  Raleigh led the horse over to the mounting block where Adrian got up into the saddle.
After he mounted Raleigh asked if he needed anything else.
My sword.
Adrian you wont need your sword.
Raleigh, get me my sword!  Adrian spoke through clenched teeth.  Raleigh left and went back to the readiness room and after a few minutes returned down the path with not just Adrians sword, but with his own strapped to his side.  He also had on a coat of mail and gauntlets.
Here you go, Milord.  Raleigh said in a mocking tone.  Adrian looked down at him and took the sword and began to strap it around his waist.
Why do you have a sword Raleigh, and what is with the mail?
Same reason as yourself.
Which is?  Adrian said testily
I am not sure.  Milord has not divulged that to me.
Enough, Raleigh!  Adrian signaled his horse forward.  Raleigh followed, walking beside him.  They came around the stable and there Sir Gilbert waited for them.
My fine lads, how do you fare?  He asked in a jovial mood.  They responded as best they could.  Sir Gilbert looked over the mount, tack, and then Adrians armor.  His eyes stopped and stared for some time at the sword.  Then he turned to look at Raleigh, there he stared at Raleighs sword.  Gilbert never said a word, but just went on as though there had been no such interruption.
Fine, all looks fine.  Raleigh you did a great job with Adrians armor.  Whoever did the horse looks to have done very well also.  He clapped Raleigh on the back.  Then he went over to Adrian and put his hand on his armored knee.  Adrian.  Adrian looked straight into his eyes.  I hope that you know what you are doing.  He glanced again at the sword.
I must say that I also hope that I know what I am doing.
Just be careful and do use your head.
I shall try.
Gilbert lightly swatted his horse on the haunches and walked away.  They went to the gated north entrance and waited.
As he sat on his horse he could hear distinctly now the cries of the enormous crowd.  There were exclamations of fear and surprise as well as approval.  Silence would come momentarily and Adrian thought he could catch the sound of men breathing between the struggles and clashes of arms.  He moved closer to the gate to get a better look.  There were two men with halberds and shields circling one another.  The halberds had the tips covered and they were attempting to pull the shield away from the other with the covered hooks.  It was quite interesting and Adrian found himself immersed in the movements of each man.
Finally, as one man stumbled backward the other snatched the shield away from his body and then struck him with the tip of his halberd.  The crowd erupted into a frenzied shout.  Hoots and cries of pleasure were mingled together and the gate in front of Adrian seemed to slightly shake with the cacophony of sound.
The victor stepped away from the fallen man and raised his hand above his head, circling around to face the entire crowd.  Again another shout and applause.
The man went over and helped his opponent to his feet and then grasped his arm in a friendly clutch.  After the cheering died down a trumpet blew and a herald cried out.
Fine Lords and Ladies of the courts and countryside I announce to your hearing, Squire Martin Faller, a young man of twenty-two as the winner.  Another applause and shout sounded.  The two men walked away from the arena to opposite sides and went out.
~
Victoria was shocked at what was taking place within the arena and the effect it was having on the mass of people, even the response of the other girls around her puzzled her.  The beginning of the day when they had come to the festival and participated in various games, watched jesters, heard minstrels play the latest ballads, and eaten of the wonderful treats at the various tents, was exciting and fantastic to her.  But this, this violence, did not interest her that much.  At least no one was getting hurt, it all seemed to be sort of a deadly serious pantomime, but still she did not like it.  The others with her were cheering and shouting as though it were the most fun that they ever had, even the young girls seemed to be enjoying what was going on.
She wondered in the beginning at the various scarves and banners that were waved and flowing at each different event and asked Lady Shelton.
Lady Shelton looked surprised at the question.  They are to show your support, of course, of the knight or warrior of your choice.  She then went back to waving her own piece of cloth and shouting the name of the bowman that was readying his string and checking his arrows as he stepped up to the line of men about 60 yards from a row of targets.
Victoria thought of her own broad piece of fine cloth tucked away in her skirt.  Sir Chavelle had said not to pull it out until she heard his name announced and saw him on his horse.  Now she understood; he must be competing in some kind of event.  She thought of leaving to go and get some fresh air  it was terribly stifling in the stands.  
The bowmen finished with Lady Sheltons man coming in a close second.  The men bowed and received their applause and then went out.  The targets were quickly taken out of the side entrance and then the arena was empty.
She was just about to get up when the crowd suddenly went quiet.  Everyone was looking toward the south end of the arena.
Just then the herald trumpet blew again, as it had been all day, but there seemed to be an extra note or two added into the score.  Victoria had the feeling that something important was coming.
The blare of the trumpeters ceased and then the herald came onto the balcony that overlooked the arena where the king sat in his chair with the queen beside him.  Victoria noticed that new banners were flipped over the side of the balcony replacing the previous ones.  They were blue.  Silence reigned as the herald cleared his throat.
Fine Lords and Ladies of the court and countryside, it is my pleasure to announce to you the next event which shall take place within your vision.  It is noted that this is the key event in todays tournament.  There has been a challenge put forth to the crown prince and a jousting duel of honor will be held.  The crowd began to mutter and look about questionably.  This was highly unusual.  It is to be further noted that the crown prince, by rules of royalty, cannot accept the challenge; though we are certain he is well able and willing to do so.  A substitute of the greatest honor and loyalty has been chosen to take his place in the duel.  There will be wagers on this duel and if you wish to place a wager on one or the other go to the table after the two mens introduction to do so.  He cleared his throat again.  It is the pleasure of the crown to introduce the challenger in todays duel of honor . . . The stalwart Sir Chavelle de Chaumont of the House of Cousteau of the country of France.  Suddenly, the south gate swung open and there came a young man leading a beautiful arrayed and superior horse with its rider.  It was Sir Chavelle de Chaumont and he looked splendid, his tanned features arrayed in a stony expression and his black eyes reflected the sunlight.  His raven black hair fell nearly to his shoulders in a glossy flow.  He had a small beard that consisted of a mustache and the hair on his chin.  His horse was clad in armor, polished and shining.  His armor was of fine workmanship and was also polished, over which he wore a tightly fitting surcoat emblazoned with a green wild boar on the front and back.  Both he and his horse wore a forest green material worked into their coverings of armor.  The crowd was hushed at the sight as the trio made several slow steps into the arena and then stopped.
Fine Lords and Ladies, the Sir Chavelle de Chaumont!  Came the loud announcement.  The entire place broke into applause, but there was no shouting save that of a handful scattered about in small groups throughout the eager audience.
~
Victoria Marie found herself nearly shuddering.  Her skin was tingling all over and her heart began to pound.  She pulled her scarf out and looked at it.  Hers was akin to a forest green and was the same color as that which Sir Chavelle wore.  She nervously began to wave the scarf over her head.  At first she felt embarrassed, but then noticed that many others also were waving scarves or banners of the same forest green; in the back of her mind she wondered who the blue was for.
Chavelle began to ride around the arena in a circle the opposite direction of Victoria.  As he rode slowly around with his horses head held high, as well as his own, Victoria thought about their previous encounter that had caused her so much shame.  She was awed by what she saw and now it did not seem so shameful to her that she had been involved with a man such as this; even if it was shameful she found herself not caring.  What she saw was such a great exposition of power, confidence, and manly beauty in the figure of Sir Chavelle that she was almost proud of the fact he had once committed wrongful acts with her.  Though her conscience cried out to her, softly at first, that this new feeling was wrong she repressed it with a strong rebuke.  As it cried out all the more loudly she repressed it this time with a cry upon her lips.
Sir Chavelle!  Her voice rang out to her own surprise as well as to those around her.
Sir Chavelle!  He was just riding by and he looked up at her and slowly raised his hand in a gesture of salute, as he held the reins and his helmet with the other.  Then he smiled.  To Victoria the smile sent a surging flow of blood to her head, it seemed so endearing to her, that she thought she was going to faint on the bench.  She did not know that the smile did not appear so to Lady Shelton nor the older girls sitting around her, but gave a shiver to the oldest of them as well as Lady Shelton.  It was a smile of pure, evil enjoyment, as if a cat were playing with its prey.
Lady Shelton turned to Victoria and she felt her arm jerked down that was waving the scarf.  Victoria Marie what are you doing?
What do you mean?  Victoria was stunned as well as angry.  I was waving the colors of Sir Chavelle.  Her tone was of the utmost contempt and defiance.
I very well realize that.  I thought we had worked this out long ago.  You were to have no more dealings with this man.
Why shouldnt I?
Dont be absurd!  After what happened, do you think that I can allow a young woman in my care to be allowed association with such a man?
What difference does it make?  Victoria felt that rebellious sensation come over her that ever blinds us to facts of moral right and wrong.  She did not care what difference it made.  Look at the man, for lifes sake, look at the man!  Was he not to be desired?  Was she not a budding woman?  Desire was just as real as life, and as life must be lived out.  Even as she thought this her innate desires began to rise within her an evil flame.  She looked haughtily at Lady Shelton.  You dont understand, do you?
Lady Shelton returned her steady gaze with one even steadier than Victorias.  After a long pause she said, My child, it is you who do not understand.
Dont call me child!  I am not a child!
Victoria Marie, we will talk about this later!
Victoria was satisfied with this, not because she intended on a later discussion, but simply she wished to be rid of the discourse and believed she could escape the lecture that was to come later.
Lady Sheltons motives were entirely different.  She was not afraid of dealing with the issue, but she realized that in Victorias present state of spirit there was no reasoning, nor positive outcome.  It could wait.  Also, she knew what Victoria did not; who was going to be announced momentarily.  She wanted to make sure that she heard the name and to be able to observe the reaction that it caused in Victoria.  Adrian had asked her not to tell Victoria about the tournament and he had not dreamed that they would even be there at all.  Well, they were here and that was that.  She would see what would happen.
Sir Chavelle finished his circle and returned to the south gate and waited.
Lords and Ladies, it is now my pleasure to announce the choice of the prince as well as Sir Chavelle as the acceptor of the challenge; an up and coming young man who has shown very considerable talent and ability in the art of warfare.  All eyes turned to the north gate.  It remained closed momentarily, then swung wildly open and slammed at the end of its hinges against the wall.  In marched a band of smartly dressed boys, all in fine blue tunics and white hosiery.  They then came out and made a row on both sides of a passageway and raised up blue banners to form a tall archway.  My fellow countrymen of our beloved land of England, Adrian the Lion of Essex!  The crowd erupted in earsplitting applause and shouting.  People everywhere stood to their feet and shouted as loudly as they could.  Blue scarves and banners began to wave wildly and everywhere one looked it appeared to be a tossing, tempestuous sea of royal blue.  
Adrian was well known by the common folk and all lords and ladies.  It does not take long for news to circulate about such things.  Adrian had been the object of many an eye of knights as he practiced and trained.  It was even rumored about that he single-handedly, just last night saved the life of a royal personage against a drunken mob, though no one was sure of the name of that personage; many guessed it was the prince.
~
Adrian remained where he sat on his horse for at least thirty long seconds.  He could not move.  He was stunned beyond all ability of cogitation by the steady roar of voices and applause; people were shouting his name and the mass of them waved blue cloths to indicate their support.  He could not think.  Someone was shouting his name, seemingly louder than all the others.  It sounded like Raleighs voice.  It was Raleigh!  He was hitting him on the leg as covertly as he could.  When Adrian looked down Raleigh subtly nodded toward the arena and pricked his horse.  They started forward and soon were passing under the blue archway of fluttering banners.  Adrian would be in full public view in the next few seconds.  He thought about donning his helmet before then, so he would not be seen, but knew that would be unacceptable.  He would have to face the crowd squarely and not hide; else he would shame the prince and the crown.
~
Victoria Marie was still angry at Lady Shelton for her reprimand and condescension toward her.  A dangerous mixture was mingling within her that, once consolidated, always provided volatility to those around it and was almost always devastating to its host.  Those two things were resentment toward personal governing and premature and illicit infatuation.  The danger was this; first of all her situation was dangerous, truly.  The man Chavelle was an evil one, but she could not see it.  Secondly, the only ones who could see it and were able to warn her about it, she resented and would not listen to.  Therefore, her feelings of utter disdain were explained at even the mention of a challenger to her Chavelle.  As the herald continued on his announcement she sneered openly and laughed haughtily.
. . . considerable talent . . . She thought.  It would take more than that to best Sir Chavelle de Chaumont!  The speech continued, . . . countrymen of our beloved England, Adrian the Lion of Essex!
The words of proclamation hit her full force right in the chest!  Adrian?  Could it be?  Was he the same one that she knew so well?  What did he mean the Lion?  She did not know.  Before she could finish another thought the entire multitude of thousands erupted in a thundering of applause and jumped to their feet, waving blue banner, cloths, and anything else they had of that hue.  Victoria looked around her and quickly realized that she was the only one sitting in her section.  All of the other girls were standing, as well as Lady Shelton, and chanting, Adrian, Adrian, Adrian!
She slowly stood, still in shock, still looking about her.  She had thought that the grand entrance of her Sir Chavelle de Chaumont was exceptional, but this, this . . . it did not come close to comparing with this!  Was it truly Adrian; the same Adrian?  He had said nothing about it to her.  Why?  If he was a knight would he not have told her?  It couldnt be him; he was the kind of person to tell her.  Then suddenly she remembered their last exchange of words.  She had gotten angry and expressed bitterness toward Raleigh because he was a soldier.  Was it that he had suspected that she would not approve all along, or maybe he was going to tell her and her actions obviously deterred his doing just that?  Oh, now she did not know what to believe!  She would know any second now.  There was a row of banners forming an arbor passageway for the next knight.  For the longest time no one came, then a rider appeared and slowly began to pass through the lane.  She could not make him out because of all of the people, waving banners, and boys in the two rows.  She stood up on her bench and peered through the waving arms.  She caught sight of a head of dark brown hair.  Whoever it was rode a stunningly beautiful and powerfully muscled grey stallion that tread proudly on, used to the recognition of men where its rider was concerned, it was the princes own horse.  Another glimpse.  He had a fine carriage and the royal blue trappings made him seem almost royalty himself instead of a . . . substitute.  Still she could not see him . . . wait.  He stopped.
~
Adrian was more nervous now then he had before he started his entry.  As he reached the end of the line of banners overhead he stopped short.
What are you doing man?  Go on you will disgrace the king and the prince!
Adrian was not sure what made him do it, but it came to him suddenly and he knew what he would do.  Raleigh, hold my helmet.
Adrian, wake up.  Are you afraid?
Hold my helmet, squire!  Raleigh obeyed though he made a mental note to get even with Adrian for his last remark.  Now step back.  Shaking his head Raleigh again obeyed.
Adrian walked his horse forward the last couple of steps and then to the utter surprise of Raleigh and the enormous delight of the people he pressed his heels in tightly and pulled back and up sharply on the reins.  Instantly, his mount obeyed and he rose into the air, with one hand extended upward in a salute to the crowd.
~
Victoria watched as there seemed to be a slight delay at the end of the arbor.  She couldnt tell for sure, but it looked like the knight was talking to the other man that was standing by him.  She could not see who he was, for he was on the other side of the horse and rider.  After a few brief seconds the man seemed to take something from the knight and stepped back.  Immediately, she recognized him.  It was her brother Raleigh!  What was he doing?  The other man surely was Adrian then.  Just then the rider emerged into full view and she saw in that moment that it was indeed Adrian!  He stopped once more and suddenly Victoria saw something that she had never seen before.  His horse almost leapt into the air!  It stood on its rear legs in what was a perfect maneuver of battle defense.
The roar was deafening!  If the masses were boisterously and anxiously waiting for the knight of the prince before, they were now ecstatic!  Victoria looked around and was appalled to see Lady Shelton, whom she believed to be beyond such display of excitement, fairly standing upon her tiptoes and waving her handkerchief.  She sat down overcome by bewilderment, shock, and now confusion.  It did not make sense to her!  She tried to review it all in her mind, but it was a miasma of contradictory thoughts and unanswered questions.  How?  She asked herself.  Why?  No logic seemed to unravel it, though she tried desperately to apply to in her utmost efforts to it all.  She suddenly began to feel that old familiar emotional flood of frustration come on her.  No, no.  I will not cry!  I will not break down like a child and cry!  She clenched her teeth and her fists against it.  The flood swept and to her relief, passed.
~
The horses feet adroitly touched back down.  Adrian was smiling; the feeling of tremendous exhilaration surged through his body and then cycled again and again.  Him, they were shouting to him!  It was his name that they were shouting!  It was then that Adrian first tasted of the wine of power that makes so many drunken with its pleasure and causes them to mark history with their moral inebriation.  He did not like the feeling even though it seemed to say to him that he was worthy of it, that he somehow deserved it; he shook it off.  It was pride he knew it; pride was a sin.  Every knight must swear to uphold the cross and the cross was a symbol of humility.  If he were to be a knight he must learn to be humble and he must start now!  So his thoughts ran and he rebuked himself inwardly with a sharp tone.  The feeling subsided.  
He turned his horse in the direction of the kings box and rode up to the wall of the arena.  Here he instructed his horse to dip its head and bow down on its right knee while extending its left leg to maintain balance.  He also bowed his head.  After a few seconds he lifted his head and allowed the horse to stand upright again.  He braved a look directly at the king.  King Henry IVs eyes locked onto his and he smiled, and then nodded ever so slightly.  Adrian was pleased and then turned his horse to make his circuit around the arena.
~
Victoria was beginning to piece together the questions into meaningful queries.  First question Victoria; what has the crown prince done that he should cause Chavelle to feel compelled to challenge him in a duel of honor?  She did not know enough about either man to answer it, but at least it was a worthy consideration on her part.  Secondly, how did Adrian, of all people she knew  or didnt know for that matter, come to be the one that was opposing him?  That question was the heaviest on her mind.  It was the one with the most current relevance.  She believed that she knew how Adrian had felt toward her.  She definitely knew how she felt toward Adrian.  Yet, Adrian seemed to put her to a constant shame in her own conscience.  There had been times when, while talking to him, thoughts of wrongfulness would pass into her mind and she would arrest them for her own sinful entertainment.  She knew it was wrong, she knew that it made her a sanctuary for the evil one to begin to weave his designs, but still she allowed it; she enjoyed it.  What was so stinging was that Adrian seemed to accentuate her desires while at the same time her shame.  He did it by simple being oblivious to what was reeling in her mind.  Does he not see?  She thought often.  I think him a handsome, desirable man and he does not know.  Does he even see me?  Does he think I am desirable?  Adrian would just look so placidly or innocently pure that sometimes she felt frustrated that he was so blind to her inward passions.  She would go away angry because she felt rejected and at the same time he made her feel somehow wrong, sinful, and she did not like that sensation.
And so it was now that the object of her desire, admiration, and obstruction of its very attainment rode before her very eyes in a physical, real duel, against the object of her lust, covetousness, and medium of her sinfulness, Sir Chavelle.  It was as though God was facing her with the realization and decision of the two sides of her nature and their effects on her life.  Oh, how it angered her!  What right did God have to do that!  Yet she had to admit many times she would, in one manner of another, weigh the two against the other.  But this was real!  She never would have imagined the two men even knew each other!  Now they were on opposite side of a code of honor and would fight against each other to defend their position!  It was overwhelming for her to face so abruptly.  She began to understand Lady Sheltons attitude now toward her support of Sir Chavelle, though not entirely.  Victoria was trapped by the passion ignited by such a one as Chavelle, she wanted, but couldnt escape the passionate, yet shameful memory of their immoderation.  It was like it had become an unwelcome, but familiar part of her.  Not unwelcome enough to turn it out and too familiar to consider an imposition that needed to be thrust out.  The truth was she could not if she wanted to for she had allowed sanction to such thoughts for such a time that they now believed they belonged and she began to grow used to, then finally fond of their company.  It was such that now if they were not present she called them to her and bade them to tarry as long as she wanted them to.  Of course they obeyed for so it is with evil thoughts, they are the vagabonds of the ethereal world of the unseen always seeking a warm mind into which they may descend, alight, and reside to work their evil mischief; that they might come alive within ones heart and then live in ones action.  They are the demons of the underworld seeking a means of escaping the entrapment of the passivity of their nature.  And so it is that they work ever so fervently to convince their hosts to do their bidding that they might have life!  That they might have a means of living, an embodiment of their own!
~
She remained seated somehow holding a better view then when she was standing; she was able to look beneath the waving arms and banners rather than trying to look over them.  Adrian neared with that smile and that allusive, almost regal, almost fantastic, attraction to her heart.  She did care for him, but he surely did not know what she was inside.  She knew that if he ever found out he would spit upon her image in his principled mind.  Curse him!  She stamped her foot.  He had to be so perfect!  Why?  Why couldnt he be more like her?  Why did he have to make her feel shameful and wrong?  She hated being wrong, yet his kind smile and tender words always reminded her of her unworthiness.  She wanted to scream!  She didnt really want him to be like her, she wanted to be like him, but she felt that was impossible.  She could never be what she needed to be to fit into the mold of his expectations or desires.  She hated herself for it, she hated him for it, and she hated the world for it!  She did not ask to be an orphan beggar! Both her and her brother, they were nothing more than beggars.  The two beggars.  Suddenly, she was struck with the fact that though she was allowing her state of poverty to excuse her character and moral immoderation, Raleigh was there aiding the very one that caused her shame.  He was confronting his shame and rendering service to one better than himself.  He was making something of quality out of himself, worthiness, and she was doing what . . . ?  They were the two beggars, yet not equal in action, or in response to their unrequested station.
~
As Adrian neared the crowd responded with more enthusiasm; so also did her heart respond with more feeling.  She began to melt.  All of her hatred, resolve, and frustration turned to a reality of need.  She needed Adrian.  She needed his voice, his smile, his innocent affection.  She did not hate him, not really; she needed him.  He drew closer and she found herself leaning forward, as if she were trying to close the gap, both physical and emotionally, between them.
Closer he came.  Closer to her, and she felt more and more the yearning for his admiration, his approval, his acknowledgement of her worth.  She wanted somehow to make him see her, to notice her among so many faces.  She reached through those in front of her and began to slowly wave her scarf at him; not even thinking for one moment of the significance of its now starkly contrasted color against the royal blue.
~
Adrian rode on, almost completing the circle, absolutely ignorant of Victoria Maries presence.  He would have remained so, but for three things.  His peripheral vision noticed something and he absently turned his gaze directly toward it.  Still he would not have noticed it in the midst of all the visual stimuli, but for the fact that it was a scarf not just green, but being waved slowly.  He stared at it intently, pondering it in his mind.  It was Sir Chavelles color, what did it mean?  He was about to ignore it and turn away except for the third and most powerful distinction.  The face of someone that evidently was sitting down and pushing through the legs of those standing.
He stopped and stared, dumbfounded.  His eyes told him what his mind could not grasp.  His smile vanished and was replaced with almost a certain look of horror.  There before his vision was none other than Victoria Marie and she was waving the color of his opponent and visceral rival, Sir Chavelle! 


Chapter XXI

Coins were stacking up on the wagers table swiftly.  Just as swiftly there was one man making notations in a book and several others sweeping them into a heavy sack which was quickly filling to capacity.  Sir Chavelle stood by, watching the proceedings with a quiet, wicked smile on his lips.  He was waiting.  There were those that were betting against him and some that were betting for him; it did not matter.  All that mattered was one bet.  He waited.  He was already accustomed to the sound of the crowd and their shouting for their hero. That did not matter either; let them shout, soon they would not be shouting any longer.  He overcame his impatience with his assurance of its reward; his prediction of the future.
Slowly, the crowds became more and more silent.  He waited.  The boy should be here by now!  Still Adrian did not come.  In spite of his promise to himself, he turned to see where he was.  
~
Adrian stood there stunned beyond all reason, beyond all thought, and beyond all action.  It seemed to him that his surroundings disappeared and shrunk upon his view that all he could see was one person, one face, and nothing else!  All sound left him through some trick of the psychological-physiological ability of the human frame.  He went into a state of shock; his cognizance shutting down.  All he saw was her!  Just her, and that cursed waving flag!
The level of sound did indeed decrease, though it was not to the level that Adrians body believed it to be.  His immobility caused many to wonder at him.  Soon people began to look around them and try to find some indication to the reasons why such a thing would be.  Those that were closest to his staring view turned, bending and craning their necks to attempt to follow the line of his gaze that they might meet its object.  It was all in vain.  For they could not see Victoria Marie; at least they were not looking at the proper places to see her, hidden as she was below the level of all other faces around her.
Lady Shelton was no exception to the sudden change of Adrian demeanor and overcome by curiosity and the sudden realization that he appeared to be looked toward her she quickly went over many things in her mind.  It could not be her; it was not her.  She looked again at Adrian.  It was not her, but it was close by her!  She immediately looked around her.  At first nothing seemed apparent to have commanded such amazing attention on the part of Adrian.  His face also almost had a look of horror written on it; a certain disbelief and . . . pain.
She leaned back from her position and quickly scanned the rows behind her then she saw it!  Victoria Marie was sitting down with her head pressed forward.  It had to be her!  Lady Shelton pushed past two of the other girls.  She came to Victoria and called her name; she did not respond.  Lady Shelton was suddenly horrified to see what was wrong.  Victoria was waving her ridiculous scarf!  Obviously, Adrian had seen it and then saw her.  She pulled Victoria back with near violence.
~
Sir Chavelle just missed the disappearance of Victorias face by a split second.  What he saw was Adrian sitting on his horse as though he were a statue.  Has he gone daft?  Maybe he is overcome by fear at a realization of what he is doing!  Chavelle was wrong and would soon know.
~
Adrian blinked again.  It was gone!  Her face was gone.  He knew it had been there, but now it had quite suddenly disappeared.  He shook his head and looked again.  There he saw it, this time it was facing not him, but . . . Lady Emily Shelton!  They were locked in what appeared to be a heated conversation. Then it came . . . the anger.
He felt it rising within him, an utter rage, and a senseless passion that defies all laws, all odds, and all reason.  Jealousy.  It rose within him like a volcano of emotion.  He felt his entire body become tense and then tremble at the force of it.
What kind of person was she!  He did not understand what was going on.  How could this happen, what did it mean, and why was she even here?  Why, in the name of Heaven was she in support of Sir Chavelle?  Then it came to him; their secret rendezvous, their dirty little secret!  It had to be that!  She didnt love him, she didnt care about him!  She only cared about herself and what Sir Chavelle offered her!
Let it be that way!  We shall see how you like your Sir Chavelle when I am finished!  He shouted toward her; of course the sound reached no one, but his own ears.  He jerked his horse around, wheeling him on two legs and spurred him back toward the north gate.
What is it Adrian?  Asked a puzzled and concerned Raleigh.  What is the matter?
Your sister, your cursed sister!  Adrian pulled his mount around to look at the spot again.
What of her?  She is here?
She is here.
Adrian, pull yourself together!  What is the matter?  Raleigh could see that Adrian was in no condition to think straight for what was only minutes ahead.
I will tell you!  Adrian turned toward his friend.  She is up there waving, in my face no less, the colors of Sir Chavelle, her secret lover!  Adrian spat on the ground.  She is a dog, a fools dog!
Raleigh was shocked beyond words but quickly pulled himself together for the sake of his friend.  In this state of mind he was in more danger then he knew.  He would not be able to win this duel with his mind so overtaken by Victorias heartless act.
Adrian, listen to me!  It does not matter now worry about it later.
Later!  That is what I am here for!
For her?
It is you that is not thinking Raleigh.  Why do you think that she is here?  Why do you think that she is waving that sickly green?  I will tell you why in one word. . . Chavelle!  It is him that is at the bottom of all this.
If what you say is true Adrian then he is trying to cause you to behave like this.
Maybe so.  He once again turned to look toward the place of his aching hearts pain.  Maybe so, but he just got more than he bargained for.  He looked toward the wagering table where sat Sir Chavelle looking right at him.  My helmet Raleigh.  Raleigh gave it to him.  He once again spun his horse around and trotted toward the wagering table.
~
What are you thinking Victoria?  Shouted Lady Shelton.  Victoria did not know if she had ever seen her so angry in all of their acquaintance.  Why were you waving that idiotic scarf in the air while he is riding past?
Victoria somehow did not understand and she looked down.  It was then that she realized what she had been doing.  She now understood the look upon Adrians face.  What had she done?  She was distraught with herself; it seemed even when she wanted to do good she could not.  She had not meant to do that; she hadnt even thought about it.  She wanted to let Adrian know that she was here, that was all, somehow for him to see her.  She wanted his smile and what she got instead was his appalling stare.  She looked around at him now, he was sitting aside his now restless horse and talking with an angry expression to her brother.  Presently, he looked around and back in her direction.  She turned away from his blazing eyes, which she could see even at such a great distance as this.
Victoria, you must right this by him!  I will tell you what I want you to do.  Lady Shelton spoke to her.  She looked around again.  You must go and place a wager on him in the presence of both.
Victoria processed this and shook her head.
You must!  Look at him.  Do you want him to hate you?
No.
Then you must go and do it now!  You only have a few minutes.  Victoria stared at her.  Here, she opened her money sack and pulled two coins out.  You must place a bet of two schillings.  Lady Shelton looked right into her eyes.  Victoria suddenly knew that she was giving her an opportunity to right more than one wrong.  She took the money.
How do I do this?
Quickly, She pointed out the table where Chavelle already waited. Go down there and place the money on the side of Adrian and give them your name, the rest you dont have to worry about.
Victoria immediately left and made her way towards the other side of the arena via the walkway as quickly as she could.
~
Here he comes.  Muttered Chavelle under his breath toward Philippe.  It appears as if step two in our plan is working.  Chavelle laughed.  He certainly does have an angry look about him, he obviously saw her.  Philippe nodded, but did not share in his mirth.  
As Philippe watched Adrian come up to the table an odd sensation passed over him.  He felt suddenly sickened by the whole thing; he wanted out.  He knew what it was.  He was afraid.  He was quite suddenly and inexplicably afraid of the man that he now saw cantering up to the place where they waited.
~
Adrian pulled his horse up a few feet away from Chavelle and stared at him, the anger burning inside of him like a blacksmiths furnace.  Chavelle returned his gaze with a humorless, sardonic smile.
I see that you find yourself very amusing Chavelle!  Adrian spoke French to him.
If it shocked Chavelle he did not show it.  Indeed I do!  It is a pity that you have to find out the truth of things just now, is it not?
I will see what is truth and what is not in time, but I am certain that it will not be from you!
Meaning . . . Chavelle raised an eyebrow.
You are incapable of it.
Oh, is that all?  I already knew that.  I thought you meant it as a threat.  Chavelle laughed.
I do not need to make threats.
Certainly not.  Chavelle put out his bottom lip and made a face at Adrian.
It merely fanned the flame of Adrians anger, but he did not move.  He had just seen something that arrested his attention.  There in the back of the line of men waiting to place bets was Victoria Marie!  Chavelle followed his gaze, saw her, and laughed to himself.  Speaking of the wench.
Adrian did not move, but waited.  The line was steadily growing shorter and she was growing nearer.
We shall see; shall we not?  Muttered Chavelle in his direction.
You can not shut up can you, just like howling wind; aimless and ever blowing.
Chavelle cut a look at Adrian in anger, but Adrian stared straight ahead at Victoria.  She obviously was trying to act as though she did not see him; for she looked once and then quickly looked away.
Then it was her turn.
Whatll it be miss?  asked the bookey.
Another luscious kiss!  Boomed Chavelles voice in English now.  What do you say Victoria, just like the last one you gave me; soft and passionate!
Victorias face flamed red.
Shut up, swine!  Shouted Adrian.  Dont speak thus with her!
Oh, but you are the shielding one.  You need not worry, she had heard worse things and even said such words to me!  Chavelle threw his head back and laughed.  Havent you, miss?
Victoria turned her head away from them.
Adrian felt as though he had been kicked in the stomach by a horse.  He grew sick and felt a knot twist him up inside.
What it be miss?  Asked the bookey again.  She handed him the coins.  Alright, two schillings.
Adrian felt the kick again.  Two Schillings!  He grew almost dizzy as he watched her there handing the coins over the man.  Who was she going to bet for?  For him?  With two schillings, surely this meant something.
Alright miss, your name.  The quill waited poised above the book.  She did not answer.  Still he waited, but still no answer.  He turned toward Adrian and Chavelle.  You two seem to know her.  What is her name?
Wench.  Cried Chavelle and then laughed.
Shut up.  Adrian said.  It is Victoria Marie.  He looked at her and she glanced at him quickly then away.
Victoria Marie.  Chavelle mocked.  A pretty name for a pretty girl isnt it Philippe.  He laughed again.  Philippe did not respond.  He was feeling worse and worse.
Alright, Victoria Marie, I will make a couple of marks, for I am not the greatest speller.  Now, He looked up.  Who will it be for?  The Sir Chavelle de Chaumont or Adrian the Lion?  She did not reply, she was speechless with shame at the presence of both of these men, but for two different reasons.
The Sir Chavelle de Chaumont of course, it is I who has the greatest right to her vote of loyalty. Is that not right sweetie?  Chavelle laughed at himself coarsely.  Victoria did not reply, but overwhelmed by her shame and embarrassment turned and ran from them.
The bookey did not even look after her, but methodically placed the money in the bag and entered it in the books.  Sir Chavelle it is.
Adrian watched her go and disappear through the gate.
Gentlemen.  The man looked at both Chavelle and Adrian.  Would you like to place a wager on yourself?
Chavelle looked at Adrian, who was now looking at the wager table and the entry of two schillings under Chavelles name, by a Miss Victoria Marie.  He, in that moment, made a decision that he knew was the gravest that he had ever made in his life.  The anger and hatred boiled and frothed within him now as subdued magma, waiting its time of destructive emission.
I wait for this man here.  Chavelle motioned toward Adrian.
Adrian looked toward the gate once more and then slowly took his gauntlet off.  Without the slightest hesitation he threw it with vehement force toward the table.  It struck violently, spilling several remaining stacks of coins of recently placed bets.  It instantly grew deadly silent within the proximity.  Chavelle smiled to himself, step three.  He thought.
Every eye turned toward Adrian.  He merely looked at the gate in the wall.  The bookey cleared his throat; Adrian did not move his gaze.
Sir. . . it is my wish.  The man faltered.  That is, I need to know your absolute intention by such a gesture.
Are you a fool then?  Adrian turned his blazing eyes on the man.
Nay.
You asked for my wager, did you not?
Indeed, sir, but this, this means . . .
You have my name.  Beneath write my wager.  My life.  Adrian turned his eyes back toward the gate.
All that stood around gasped, including Philippe.  All, that is, except for Chavelle.  He spoke up.  I accept.
Nervously, the man wrote in his ledger.  I see, I shall put it down here.  He turned to one of his helpers standing by.  Go get the flag.
The flag?  The man looked at him stupidly.
The Death Match flag.  It is behind the wall there.  He pointed to the gate by which Victoria Marie had went out.  The man quickly went and returned.
You are sure about this, Adrian?  Chavelle asked.
Adrian did not even turn to look at him, but waited for the blood red flag to be hoisted.  It had two swords crossed on it, one on top of the other, which was broken in two.  This was it.  The flag was lifted up on its pole, high into the air.
Instantly, a hush fell over the crowd as all eyes saw and registered its meaning.  There were those who thought of their wager, now wishing to change it.  Surely, this lad, as was told them could unhorse the French knight, but kill him in hand-to-hand combat?  No one had even talked of that!
Adrian moved his horse toward the table and leaned over recovering his gauntlet.  He then turned and rode to the end of the arena where Raleigh was waiting.
~
It is a good thing that you have your sword on Philippe.  Chavelle said, his eyes following Adrian.
Milord?  Philippe did not understand.
You are going to need it.  I am afraid that Adrians friend there is going to act as his second should he get into trouble.  You will need to act as mine.
Milord?  I will have to fight?
Philippe, you will not just have to fight, but you will have to fight for you life!
I . . . I . . .
If Adrian calls for Raleigh, the rules are that he may join the battle, but can only come to Adrians aid after he has defeated my second.  I am sure that they will keep to the rules.  That does not mean that we have to though, does it?  Chavelle turned a maliciously confident gaze toward Philippe, but the lad was staring after Adrian, unheeding.  He knew now why he had felt such fear.  It was as though he had sensed Adrians decision before it was made and without knowing its implications on his life, felt that also.
~
Hold there!  Where are you bound in such a blind hurry?  Sir Gilbert caught hold of the girl as she ran into him.  He noticed that there were tears streaming down her face.  Now there what is the matter?  Have you been hurt?
Let me go.
Wait just a moment.
Let me go.  She repeated.
I will if you answer me one question.  What is the matter?  There came no reply to him.  Now, now it has to be something.  Did someone try and harm you?
No.
Then what could make you cry so and run also.  Gilbert looked up to where the girl was running from, the small gate into the arena.  I see.  What were you doing in there?
Please let me go, I dont want to talk about it.
You have not kept our bargain.
We have no bargain.  I see no right that you have to hold onto me here.  If you dont let me go then I will shout for help.  She said defiantly.
That will do you no good.  Sir Gilbert laughed.
Why not?
Because then I would come running or at least one of my men; I am the one responsible for the spectators and participants safety.  That is why I am asking you what is wrong.  If harm has been done then I need to know about it.
There is nothing that you can do.  She replied.
I will be the judge of that.  Sir Gilbert finally felt as though he was getting somewhere with this girl.  Give it to me straight and let me decide.
I cannot give you the story, please believe me, I cannot tell you.
Sir Gilbert looked at her for some time then finally released his grip on her arm.  Alright then, at least tell me what you were doing in the arena.
I was placing a wager.  The girl said after some pause.
A wager?
That is what I said.  Am I in trouble or something?
Nay.  It is just that that is highly unusual.  It must have been an important reason that compelled you a young girl to place a wager; a secret admirer are you?  Sir Gilbert meant for it to be humorous, but he could instantly see by the tears that welled up afresh in the girls eyes that he was both right and that it was not funny with her.  I am sorry, please forgive me.
The girl buried her face in her hands.
Miss I am sorry, I am afraid that was insensitive of me.
The girl at once began to sob.
Sir Gilbert was frustrated.  Seigneur, tu moisi secours moi, elle je a poigne!  He spoke in French, thinking to himself.
The girl raised her head and in a tearful voice said, That is what Lady Shelton says of me.
Sir Gilbert was stunned.  Says . . . that is . . . you understood me?
Oui,  coup sr.  She replied almost as though she liked the slight surprise that she gave this man.
You speak French?
So, it appears.  She wiped her eyes.
Well, I am sorry.  I had better watch my French with strangers then.  He said and laughed.
May I go now?
Let me see.  You told me what you were doing, that was our agreement, but you did not tell me who you placed a wager on; that I am very curious of.
The truth is I dont know.
You dont know?  Now he was confused again.  How could that be?
I did not decide I just gave him the money.
Who did you want to wager on?
Adrian.
I see.  Sir Gilbert nodded as he traced the line of logic back to his statement concerning her being a secret admirer.  If I may venture a question. . .
Another?
If I may have the luxury.
I suppose so.
You left out of embarrassment?
Somewhat; I cannot explain it all to you, but to satisfy your question, yes.
Indeed, I shall keep my nose to my own affairs now.  I am almost put to shame by the pain I have caused you.  He was about to make another statement when a boy emerged through the gate and ran a few steps along the wall.  He reached to the ground and picked up a pole with a flag attached to it and ran back into the arena.  Sir Gilbert gasped.  My God, it cant be!  I had a feeling that something was wrong.
Victoria thought that it was her he was talking at first, but quickly realized that it was not.  She turned around, but saw nothing.  What?  Is something wrong?
Not as of yet, but very soon I believe there will be much wrong.
What do you mean?
Wait with me and we will see.  They stood there in silence, but for a few seconds then Sir Gilbert had his answer; the flag rose above the wall.  There.  Just as I feared.  They both heard a hush that fell over the stands.
I dont understand.
The two combatants have wagered a Death Match.
A death match; what is that?
The duel will be decided and over when one of them is killed!
Victoria wanted to scream, but instead buried her face again and bit the palms of her hands.
Miss, do you know anything about this?
I dont know, but I believe it is my fault.
How could that be?
I am not sure, but Raleigh said that it would come back to haunt me.
Raleigh?  Do you know him?  Gilbert turned to face her.
Indeed, he is my brother.
My stars, life is full of surprises!  It is no wonder that you knew French.
How could you determine that from Raleigh being my brother?
Like you say, I must explain later.  Gilbert called to a soldier standing nearby.  Miss, I assume your name is Victoria Marie.
Yes, how did you know?
Later.  Promise me one thing Victoria, it is very important.  Promise me.
I promise.  What is it?
Do not leave right here until I return.  You promised.
I did at that.  Alright then I shall not leave before you get back.  What are you going to do?
See if I can get this reversed!  Adrian does not stand a chance at a Death Match!  He said and took off.
My God, no!  Victoria said under her breath. God I did not want this, you must believe me.  I did not want this.
~
Raleigh met Adrian as he cantered up, his hair was tossed and surcoat was lightly ruffling in the turbulence of the horses pace.  Raleigh could readily see by his expression that something was wrong; something was very grave indeed.
What is it Adrian?  Did you wager?  Taking the bridle to steady the horses jerking head he tried to still the animal, but it sensed its riders agitation and was restless.
I did.
What happened?  What did you wager and how much?
Victoria Marie was there; she wagered.  Adrian said ignoring his questions.
What?  Raleigh stared, his dark eyes at once both curious and disturbed.  For whom?
Two schillings, for Sir Chavelle.
Has she gone mad?  He muttered under his breath.  It is as though she is the devils child to stir up dissension.
So it would appear.  Adrian nodded slowly as he looked at the scattered clouds passing slowly, silently, and majestically over head.  For just a brief second he had repose in imagining that this was all a fanciful daydream that he was having while lying beneath a summer grove of gum trees.  Yet, it was not.  His anger told him that, his boiling anger, and the heavy weight in the pit of his stomach.
Raleigh happened to glance over and saw the Death Match flag waving defiantly; silently alone, needing none to wave beside, it made its statement solitarily.  He jerked back towards Adrian and grabbed his arm.  Adrian what have you done?  The flag. . . it is for a Death Match!  He did not respond.  Adrian, what if you lose?
I wont.  Came the slow, solemn answer.
Yes, I doubt not your confidence, but I bring into question your sanity.  If you lose, you will die!
I will not lose, nor shall I die.
But. . .  
Adrian cut him off.  Ready my lance.  How many are there?
Raleigh was still in a state of bewilderment.  I . . . six each.  He finally said.  Adrian begin to walk to his end of the list.  Raleigh started after him.  Adrian if you are to win you will have to kill him upon his horse.  If you unhorse him you must dismount to continue the duel and you cannot defeat him with a sword.
I know.  Adrian said not turned to speak or slowing his mount.
Then you are going to try killing him in the charge?
I am.
What if you get unhorsed?
I will not.
Come now Adrian, you must not be so sure!  Consider the possibilities!
The only possibility I consider is that Sir Chavelle will die today.  Adrian quickly glanced at him, but did not slow down.  Raleigh could see the burning, unquenchable blaze in his eyes and knew it was useless.  Your mind is made up?
It is.
And if you should die, what would you like me to say to your parents and sister, to the prince, Sir Gilbert, and . . . to Victoria?  At the last name Adrian looked once more at him.  They had reached the end of the list and Adrian sat his mount and stared at Raleigh.
If I should die?  Nothing, for I will not.
Adrian, please just a word of explanation, I beg of you.  I am not trying to dissuade you anymore.  This seemed to make a difference to Adrian, he replied.
That I died trying to rid the world of evil.  Raleigh, knowing that this was all that he would get out of Adrian simply nodded his head and went toward the lances.
The trumpet blared, signifying the time to prepare and line up at either end of the list.  Adrian took his felt hat out, brushed his hair back, put it on and tightened it up.  Putting the visor up on his bassinet helmet, he looked it over curiously, then stopped just before he put it on.  He was not sure what made him do it, but he looked up and around at the crowd.  Most eyes were upon him.  Sir Chavelle was also making preparations, but the shock of what had come with the hoisting of the flag caused much alarm in his supporters and those that wagered on him, thus the almost complete attention of the people.  He smiled and lifted a hand in a waving salute.  It was silently returned by many.  He then slid the bassinet onto his head and straightened out the chain mail around his neck.  Sir Chavelle was ready and waiting.  Replacing his gauntlets he looked over to see if Raleigh had the lance ready.  He did.  Adrian backed his horse up to the starting line, took the lance from Raleigh, positioned it in its rest, took a deep breath and waited for the signal to charge.


Chapter XXII

Milord, what shall we do?  Sir Gilbert was nearly distraught.  To throw the man from his horse I have no doubt about, but to kill him face to face, it simply cannot be done!
Are you quite sure?  Prince Henrys face was like stone, no emotion, no sign of worry, only the eyes betrayed the intensity of his thoughts.  He was disturbed, very much so.  All the more for he felt as though he was responsible at having allowed Adrian to the duel.  He never expected it to be a fight to the death.  Of course such things were allowed, but only with complete agreement to all parties involved.
I am quite sure, he doesnt have the strength, nor the skill of this man.  Sir Chavelle is a seasoned killer.  He no doubt has been an assassin for the House of Cousteau for years.  That is why he was sent here, to England, to repay a debt of the Duke of Chaumont.  This is all in stride to him.  He will not even break a sweat.
I think we may be surprised to find that he will.  I have seen Adrian train, but sweat certainly will not make up for the blood that will flow on Adrians part.  The princes smile vanished.  That certainly is of no relevance to us right now.  The fact is something must be done.
What can be done?  Even now they are preparing for the first charge.  What if Adrian or Sir Chavelle is unhorsed on the first run?  We will have no time.
I am aware of that, yet we can not just stop the whole event, at least not on my word.
The king?  Asked Gilbert sensing the princes line of thought.
It is in my mind.  Yet, I know not what he will say.  Whether to stop it for the boys sake or to let it go on out of spite against me, that I may suffer loss and guilt.
Do you think he would do so?
I dont know, but I will not humble myself to him now, only to be slighted.
Milord, pardon me, but it is the life of this rising man that we are discussing, not the pride of the prince.  Forgive me for saying so.
I am aware of that, but still his life is his own, mine belongs to the people.  He made his decision, even against my advice this morning.  I cannot pull him from the lions mouth now, at the expense of my pride, as you call it.  It is pride, yes, but also much more than that.  It is political standing that we disagree on.  I cannot give opportunity to have that bartered for the life of this, our man, Adrian.  I firmly believe in where I stand and his death will not change that so I will not allow the threat of such to cause me to consider it.
Milord, I must agree with you on all counts of royal and political consideration, but Adrian does not really understand them.
Do you think that he cares?  Prince Henry turned and pointed in the direction of the self-composed, waving Adrian.  He has made his decision and unfortunately for him, his mind when made up appears to be as firm as mine.
Sir Gilbert looked on with both apprehension and admiration at Adrians gesture and resolve, but still was not ready to resign his cause up to fate.
Why is he doing this Gilbert?  The prince asked thoughtfully.  It suddenly occurred to me that there is more involved than just his ego, there is something driving him.  Just look at him.  Gilbert could see it.  Adrian had no indications of pride or ego, but total, and earnest determination were all that was evident in his face and the set of his jaw.
I am not sure.  
Gilbert, if I am correct, he knows he is going to die.  He does not care.  Look, it is in his eyes.  I believe we have misjudged him inasmuch that he was blind to the true stakes of the game.  He is wagering his life against something, but what?
I dont know, but I believe that you are right.
I see it!  I see it!  The prince exclaimed.  Gilbert, it is revenge, he wants revenge!  For what?  He does not know Sir Chavelle and surely it could not be on the account of my honor due to the challenge.  It is something else, but what?
Then it came to Sir Gilbert; the girl, Victoria Marie.  What was it that she had said as he had left her?  My God, no . .  . I did not want this!  Want what?  She did not want Adrian to risk his life, for surely he made the decision for death to decide.  Yet, she wagered on Sir Chavelle?  Suddenly, he understood!  She was caught in her guilt!  It was obvious that she knew both men.  That both meant something to her, but what?  Adrian, she did not want to risk his life.  That meant that she cared about him in some way.  But to wager on Sir Chavelle was that she supported him?  Then he saw it.  She desired Chavelle and did not want it to affect Adrian, but it was.  She was denying her principles to try and play both ends.  She could not let go of her passion for Chavelle, nor her admiration of Adrian.  In that moment Gilbert knew and decided that Victoria Marie was a selfish and dangerous woman.
Milord, I know what it is.  Sir Gilbert said quietly and with conviction.
It is a woman?
Indeed, how did you know?
Gilbert, if it is not ego, if it is not power, it is a woman.  The prince turned his eye upon Gilbert, who grew slightly nervous under his gaze.  He felt the statement sink home in his own past.
The prince is wise and concise.  This caused Henry to chuckle.  So, do we go to the king or nay?
Nay.  Replied the prince flatly.
As you wish.
Just then a page ran up to Prince Henry and in a frightened manner and with wide eyes stumbled out this message.
Your royal Highness, His majesty, the king wishes to see you immediately.
~
The crowd was hushed and all awaited the blast of the trumpet.  Adrian pulled his visor down and crossed himself and then repositioned himself in the saddle.  The clink of his armor plating could be plainly heard.  The rustling of his surcoat and the light chink of the chain mail on his arms and around his neck drifted to those that were near.  He tightened his grip on the lance.  The head.  He thought to himself.  Go for the head.  It is your only chance.
As though it were in his ear the trumpet blasted.  Then suddenly all around him was a roar as he put his spurs to his horse.  The accelerating of the pounding hooves of his own horse and the approaching horse reached his ears above the rumbling shouts of the crowd.  Everyone was on their feet shouting to a crescendo of sound.  His ears were overcome with the noise until all distinction was finally lost and only the hammering of the horse and his body were distinct.  Closer, closer.  He lifted himself slightly on his toes, lifted his lance off of its rest, took aim and waited for the impact.
The lances shattered as they struck their targeted rider.  Adrian felt the impact with such force that he was nearly thrown over backwards.  Sir Chavelles lance had struck full upon his shield!  The nature of such a move is to be able to beat the opponent to contact and spoil his aim.  In this case it worked, for a head shot requires more distance than the shield which is the closest target offered.  Adrian nearly missed completely!  He not hit Chavelles head, but his side, his lance breaking harmlessly upon the plated torso.
They returned to their places, the crowd now in frenzy.  
What happened?  Raleigh asked frantic.  You almost missed him!
I know, he hit my shield before I could make impact!  Adrian shouted.
Adrian, he wants you on the ground.  He wants to take his sword to you.  You have got to hit him good!  Raleigh shouted back.
I am trying!  What do you think?  
Try for his shoulder this time!  Lean forward and turn your right side toward him just before you strike.  That will give you a little bit more lance!
Adrian snatched up the lance and wheeled about just as the trumpet blared again.
Adrian concentrated on the sound advice of his friend and readjusted his aim for Chavelles shoulder.  Chavelle, by some deviltry must have sensed Adrians intentions, for just as he rose up and leaned forward and to the right, Chavelle swung his lance and took Adrian right in the chest.  Adrian felt pain of the concussion wash over him.  The crowd erupted in cheering.  He was gasping for breath.  He did not even have the time or presence of mind to notice where he hit Chavelle; he had felt his lance strike solidly.
When he returned to Raleigh, who was waiting with another lance, he was gasping for air.  His chest heaving under painful labor.
You struck him a good blow!  Raleigh shouted.
Where. . .did . . .I hit him?  Adrian managed to get out.
Right where you aimed!  In the shoulder I saw it.  He is hurt.  Then Raleigh seemed to notice Adrian was also hurt.  Adrian, are you quite alright.
I think so, he got me in the chest.  I cant breath.
Come on Adrian, you will be fine, just dont think about it.  Raleigh was trying to sound reassuring.
I am trying.  Adrian winced at the pain, and then suddenly felt an odd sensation upon his side.  He began to feel warm liquid upon his side.  He looked down and saw blood pouring out between the greaves in the armor.  Raleigh!  He shouted suddenly afraid.  Raleigh instantly saw what was wrong.
Your side, it must be the bandage.  It must have come loose!
Just then the trumpet blared signaling the third charge.  They were not ready!  Adrian spun and barely caught the lance as Raleigh threw it to him.  By the time that he turned back to the list Chavelle was already a third of the way to him.  He would have no speed!  He spurred his horse and braced himself for what he knew was going to be tremendous impact.  He decided to take aim at Chavelles shield, rather than risk a more difficult target.
Then the unthinkable happened.  Just as they came together Chavelle swerved away ever so slightly, dipped his lance and pushed against Adrians lance, lifting it up into the air.  He kept pressure on it until they passed, both having not struck the other at all.
The effect was nearly devastating.  The height of the lance in the air put tremendous leverage back upon Adrians body.  He was pushed backward until his back bent over against the saddle.  He lifted his feet to try and steady himself and lost his balance.  The crowd instantly fell silent, hands to their faces as he turned to the side and started to fall from his horse.
~
Yes, Your Majesty.  Prince Henry bowed his head toward his father.
Obviously, we dont have the luxury of exchanging pleasantries and formalities.  Those two knights have just struck for the second time.  Henry, what is going on?  Why has this become a Death Match?  Are you at the bottom of this?
I do not know why.  He went against my advice to just wager a knockdown.
Advice?  You did not command him what to do?
He seems a lad of sound judgment, I did not feel the need, but left it up to him.
And secretly hoped he would favor of trying to kill this Frenchman.  I believe it is another one of your schemes to cause ill will between the French and my kingdom.  Henry, in all honesty could not deny his feelings about what he would do having influenced his just giving of advice Adrian.  He did not answer.  Ah, just as I thought.  Well, that is all, you may go from me.
That is all?  You are not going to reverse the wager?
What, and ruin your scheme?  What is the boy to me?  No.  Besides, I have nothing to worry about.  The French will not be missing a knight today and so will only be glad for the victory of one of their own.  The king pointed.  Look and see your folly!
They turned just as Adrians lance was flipped into the air and over his back.  Sir Gilbert caught the princes arm in a tight grip, unaware of the disrespect out of his concern, as Adrian began to fall to the side.
~
Adrian reached frantically, for something, anything, but nothing came.  He was falling.  He knew that he had not done anything to Sir Chavelle that would even lessen the odds between them, besides he could still feel the blood running down his side.
If it were not for his horse he would have struck the ground.  The princes mount sensing the imbalance, jumped in the direction of Adrians fall, giving him a second of motionless inertia.  He quickly grabbed at the saddle and was able to steady himself until he could pull himself back upright.  As he regained his seat he stopped his horse.  The crowd roared back into life, shouting and applauding.  They were chanting his name again.  
He looked around him.  He was on Chavelles end of the list, Philippe was standing close by.  Adrian was shocked when he heard the boys voice.
Milord, you gave me a fright.  Philippe said in a loud voice, which seemed to hold genuine concern, attempting to be heard above the crowd.  Suddenly, he cried out. Why did you do it?  Why did you wager your life?  It was almost like a lament.
I had to.  Adrian replied roughly, trying to hide the fact that he was touched by this boys genuine concern.
Why?  It was not required.
Honor required it.  Adrian shot back at him.
Whose honor?  Philippe shouted.
The princes and my own.
You are willing to die for it?
Yes.  Adrian was growing irritated at this rapid exchange.  Is not honor a thing to die for?  He started his horse forward back toward his end.  Chavelle was trotting his horse towards them already.
What of the honor of Victoria Marie?  Philippe had to know.  His conscience was guilt ridden for his part in the heartless seduction of the poor, lonely, defenseless waif.  Was this man all that he seemed to be?  He was not sure of good and evil, but he knew in his heart that Adrian was not evil, yet he was opposed to Chavelle; did that make Chavelle evil?  He shuddered at the thought.
She has forsaken her honor to purchase meaningless pleasures of the flesh.  Do I fight for her honor?  I do not, only the memory of it!  With that he spurred his horse toward Raleigh.  Philippe was left with all of his thoughts reeling.  His thoughts and feelings were all in conflict.  What he had been taught was beginning to crumble in this stellar example of all that he thought himself to be, but realized Adrian was.  He was a man of honor!  He was good.  He could not explain how he knew, but he knew.  He felt suddenly lonely as he watched Adrian go.  Chavelle rode up and asked for another lance.
This time I shall finish him.  He spoke with slow deliberation.
~
Raleigh handed Adrian the fourth lance.  That was close!  He shouted to Adrian.  Adrian seemed to weave in the saddle.  Adrian, you are losing a lot of blood.  Raleigh was struck with the idea that his friend might truly die right here before his eyes.  Then he knew that if not here then within the next few minutes, surely he couldnt hold up very long against Chavelle.  He was nearly overcome with grief and panic in that moment.  He knew in that stark moment of truth, that Adrian was going to die.
Raleigh, this is it.  Adrian said causing Raleighs heart to pound even harder.  Tears came into his eyes.
Goodbye, Adrian.
Adrian looked at him puzzled.  Goodbye?  I did not mean that. In spite of himself he laughed.  Raleigh, I am done with this game.  This time I am going to kill the Sir Chavelle de Chaumont.
I certainly hope so, you cannot hold up much longer.
I wont need to.  I am going to put my point right in the eye slot of his helmet.  Adrian shifted his weight again.
It cannot be done. Try for his neck you have a better chance of penetrating the mail then to try for the eye slot.  Raleigh was shouting with desperation in his voice.
Raleigh, it may not kill him.
But what if you miss?
I will not miss!  Adrian lifted up his visor and looked at his friend with intensity.  Say a pray and just in case loosen your sword.  Then he turned and lined his horse up for the next run.
People begin to shout to him, trying to get his attention.  Adrian knew what they were trying to say, but he ignored them and looked straight ahead.
He slipped into a state of focus where all he saw was an armored knight upon a horse and revenge.  He stared straight at the eyes slots in the helmet, barely distinguishable at this point, but he never took his eyes from them.  
In the distance it seemed, the trumpet blared.  He was vaguely aware of his heels putting the spurs to his horse.  He rode without concentration of the horse, centering his focus on one thing, Chavelles eye slots. 
Chavelle rode on toward Adrian and as he neared he suddenly felt something was wrong.
~
Meme jerked on Lady Sheltons arm.  She turned, but could not hear above those around her.  
What is it?
Milady, Adrians visor is up!  Oh, my what is he doing?  He must have forgotten!  She was terribly distraught.  Lady Shelton looked for herself and there to her horror sat Adrian his visor up and he was readying himself for the charge.  He indeed must have forgotten!  She began to shout to him, knowing in the back of her mind that it was useless, but she still shouted.
Adrian, your visor!  Your visor!  Those around her heard her shouts and noticing the fault themselves took to shouting.  Your visor! Your visor!
Surely, he must hear now!  Lady Shelton thought.  He did indeed hear, but ignored it.  Lady Shelton was distraught!
~
Chavelle came to the realization of what seemed wrong as their horses rapidly closed the gap.  He looked again in disbelief, but there it was!  Adrian had his visor up with his face exposed!  He suddenly had a change of plans.  He was going to flip him out of the saddle again and hope that luck wouldnt rescue him this time, but he could not ignore the gaping hole of Adrians helmet.  He decided to try for his face.  It would be an easy target!  It would not be the glorious finish that he had wanted of pinning him into the ground with his sword, but it would suffice.  He switched his aim.
~
Adrian saw the subtle change and smiled.  Chavelle saw the smile and felt disturbed again.  He has gone mad with pain!  He had seen the blood running down his side earlier and had mistakenly believed it to be from one of his hits.
~
Come on my fool, you are going to reckon to the judgment in ten strides!  Adrian never took his eyes off the slot.  He readjusted his aim.  Chavelle was going for his head.  Even matched distances.  One of us is going to die.  Five strides, four. . .three . . . Adrian blinked . . . two . . . one . . . then ever so slightly he leaned forward.
~
Chavelle saw his lance pointed straight at Adrians face he could see it approach the hole where his visor should be covering.  He saw that smile again and then he saw nothing.
~
The point of Adrians lance was a fraction of an inch closer and that was all that mattered.  It went straight, right into the slot, expanding it as it pierced the metal and struck Chavelles skull.  
The effect was like lightening dancing in the clouds.  The crowd stared in disbelief of what they had just witnessed!  People were jumping up and down and attempting to climb into the enclosure.  
The lance broke in two as Chavelle was spun around by the impact and flew toward the ground, the end of it still protruding from his helmet.  He hit the ground with a sickening thud and bounced and skidded along it like a rag doll.
Adrian watched and then stood in his stirrups and raising his hands into the air shouted a mighty shout of exhilaration and victory!


Chapter XXIII

King Henry could not believe his eyes!  He had never seen such a joust before in all of his life!  The boy had struck the French knight, as far as he could tell, right in the eye slot.  He did not know if it was an accident or if it was intentional.  Nevertheless, the lance had penetrated the bassinet and sunk deep within it before the end snapped off.  Now the knight lay in the dirt motionless, dead.  This could cause problems with France and he had been working too long to try and come to an end to this long, protracted, and useless war with the mainland.  He felt that his son, Henry, was somewhere at the bottom of this, but he did not know how.
He called his page.  Go and call the prince, tell him to return here.
~
Where is that man that bid me to remain until his return?  Victoria was experiencing great impatience.  There was a lot of shouting and noise in the arena, but she could not see for the height of the wall.
I believe he went to find Prince Henry.
Where is he at?
I know not.  Why?  The soldier asked.
Because I am going to him, if he does not come to me.  I cannot wait forever, besides I cannot see from here.
I cannot let you do that.  The man stated emphatically.
I dont see how you are going to stop me, unless it is with your pike there.  She pointed at his halberd.  Dare you cut me with that thing as I go?
I will do what I must.
We shall see.  And she turned and walked in the direction that Sir Gilbert had gone.  The soldier called to her to remain where she was, but her disposition and character did not even heed the slightest, it was laughable to her.  Realizing that this was not going to work he tramped after her.  At least if he could not stop her he would not let her out of his sight.
~
Amazing!  Absolutely amazing!  I never believed it could be done, but there it is before our very eyes!  Sir Gilbert exclaimed to the prince.
Astounding, I must agree.  Henry was duly impressed, it was a tremendous feat.  He did not know whether to be relieved at Sir Chavelles death or upset.  He knew that this was not going to bode well with the king, or abroad in the realms of diplomatic arbitration.  He was slightly troubled and was attempting to think of what he must next do.
The people are in a tumult of excitement!  Look at them!  All that waits now is the confirmation and announcement of Adrians victory.  Gilbert was not aware of the princes troubled expression or grave thoughts of trouble that surely must quickly follow.  We have nothing to worry about now, the situation has resolved itself!
Yes, and been replace with one that is much more difficult, if at all possible to resolve.  This will not bode well with the king, nor his foreign ministers.  How is this explained in diplomatic circles that have been talking of peace.  Surely the Duke de Chaumont will have influence with the lords and nobles in the region and with King Charles in France.  Think you that he will be happy about this?  I think not.  He will stir up trouble until his demands are met for explanation and retribution, which in turn is going to undermine our position of strength at the bartering table of peace and domination.  You see Sir Gilbert; this indeed is a greater problem than we had before.
Gilbert saw it from the princes point of view rapidly enough and nodded his head in agreement and concession.  Milord, the prince, is one of a sharp mind and keen ability to see many aspects within a situation.  I am afraid that I would fare have stumbled around for months on the same issues without being able to consolidate them in so concise a manner.  I bow before your grasp of prioritizing matters on a world scale.
The prince raised an eyebrow at Gilbert.  Do I detect sarcasm, or flattery in your voice, Sir Gilbert?
I certainly hope not.
The prince chuckled.  Yes, of course.  All wish to hide the intent of their words well enough to not be detected.
I . . . begging your pardon, that is not what I meant.  Sir Gilbert was tracing back his words to their motive and yet was unsure whether there were as the prince suggested.  If that is the case, please accept my apologies.
Accepted.  You make a fine sport Sir Gilbert.  The prince turned back to the arena and watched as flowers and scarves were thrown down on Adrian as he rode the circuit once more; this time as a victor not as a contestant.
Just then a girl ran up to them.  Sir, sir.  It is I, Victoria, I have been waiting for your return, yet you have not.
Gilbert turned in shock at such a scene of interruption and eyed the soldier following after her sternly, but could not find the words of reprimand.
My what is this?  Prince Henry asked curiously.  Sir Gilbert, I am afraid that you have crossed a rather feisty as well as stunning young miss.  Pray explain.
Milord, I can.  Gilbert was nervous and embarrassed.  He had forgotten in light of all the rapid events.  She is, I just recently discovered, Raleighs sister.  There was a bit of misunderstanding on the part of a placed wager and also a certain controversial acquaintance of both the contestants in the duel.
Ah.  I see.  I believe you are making reference to the woman.
Milord, again, is very wise, for I do believe the same.
Prince Henry turned to look at Victoria again.  He looked into her eyes and gauged the depth of her soul and the fabric of her principles.  What he saw gave him an involuntary shudder, which he did not allow to materialize.  She is a dangerous woman, or shall be in a very short time.  He immediately determined.  What he saw was an individual that was gifted with the powers of beauty, but did not know their means, nor the intent of the Almighty in granting trust to her for such rare beauty.  She was a needful person that was alone in the world, or at least considered herself to be; therefore she would make all her decisions based on herself and not those around her.  When he looked he did not see evil, but neither did he see the will power of principles, she was an open book and a powerless vessel.  A very dangerous woman!  Now he was curious indeed.  Raleighs sister?  Well, he must know more.
For whom did you wager and how much?  He figured her to be a shrewd person with her decisions.
I assume you are Prince Henry?  Victoria was taken aback by the austere good looks and strength of Prince Henry; she had never seen him before.  Suddenly, she felt a desire for him.  She hoped he had not noticed and with effort pushed it from her thoughts, but never from her mind.  In that instant she wished herself a lady of high birth and means, that she might be worthy of his attention and consideration.
That I am.  Your name?
Victoria Marie.  She said bashfully.
Then you have the name of a queen.  He chuckled.  What did he mean?  She felt herself excited by his comment and pleased at his laughter.  But you did not answer my question.
She was slightly offended that he could return to that issue, when she desired for him to continue talking about her!  Nonetheless, she answered.  My wager was two schillings, and it was, I believe, placed toward Sir Chavelle.
I see.  The prince was silent for some minutes.  Where did you get the money?  Was it your own?
No, Milord.
Then I am afraid that you will have to repay your benefactor.
Milord?  I dont understand.  Her heart suddenly began to beat rapidly.
You have not been watching the duel?
I could not see where this man.  She pointed at Sir Gilbert, told me to wait for him to return.
Can you see now?  The prince indicated the arena, which was obviously visible from his stand.
Victoria looked out over it for several long seconds, watching Adrian gather more petals upon his person and horse as he continued around.  Then her eyes fell on the body.  A few more seconds of scrutiny it took for her to discern the lance point protruding out of the front of his helmet and its meaning.  When it all finally came to her, she paled beyond the death she now saw.
The prince eyed her thoughtfully, he felt no sympathy, but he wanted to see her reaction.  He wanted to make note of it in order to fine tune his assessment of this, Raleighs sister.
My God, why, why?  She shook her head in disbelief.  Why is this happening to me?
There it was!  Prince Henry put another weight on the scales of this girls life toward what he suspected.  . . .happening to me.  
Why miss, this did not happen to you.  The prince pointed out, it happened to Sir Chavelle.
I know that!  She said in a sorrowful tone of anger, without regard or respect for the prince.
Watch your tongue, Victoria!  Admonished Sir Gilbert.
Indeed, such as you fear may happen to you if you are too insolent with me! 
Yes, Milord.
No apology?  Henry was appalled.
I am sorry.
Somehow he did not believe it for one second and was about to reprimand her went the kings page ran up to them.
Milord, his Majesty wishes to see you again.
Prince Henry sighed deeply and replied.  Please let him know that I will be there as soon as I can.
Yes, Milord.  The page departed immediately.
Henry turned to Gilbert.  Sir Gilbert, send this girl away.  She is insolent and trouble, but I want to know how I may get in contact with her in the future.
Victoria was slightly offended by the instructions that were given concerning her in such unfeeling manner.  What if she did not want to be tagged?  What if she didnt want to talk with the prince any more?  She was angry.
Sir Gilbert was about to give instructions to the soldier that stood by when a cry of alarm and surprise rang throughout the stands.

The human skeletal system is comprised of two hundred six bones, each one with a vital function of shape, strength, leverage, or protection; many times more than one or all of these.  Even so it is with the human skull.  The human skull has six of the total skeleton.  It was one of these bones, the frontal cranial bone, which changed our story.
It was by chance or Providence, yet all the same the result was unbelievable.  Where the eye socket is formed in the frontal cranial bone there is a slight ridge surrounding it.  This gives the needed formation for proper eye function, such as rotation and protection.  It also causes a slight protrusion from the otherwise oblong uniformity of the skull, which, among other things, gives us our peripheral vision.
It was this irregularity, this ridge, which caused the point of Adrians lance to shift away from a fatal penetration of the skull and to be deflected upwards along the skulls surface, beneath the scalp of Sir Chavelle.  The lance point entered into the facial flesh and hesitated a minute fraction of a second upon the pinnacle of this tiny skeletal ridge, the pressure building on that single point, until the lance tip slipped away from the eye of Sir Chavelle.  It cut cruelly through the flesh until it tore a rugged gash from his eye, across the top of his head and nearly to the back.
Such impact upon his skull, helmet, and person rendered him unconscious for several minutes.  Hence, the appearance of his death.

The immobility of utter shock and astonishment was suddenly overcome by Philippe.  At first he had not thought Chavelle to be dead and waited, full of hope, that he would rise up from the ground, but he did not.  Philippe was afraid and felt a great sense of loss at the death of his master.  It was as though he could not find a place in the future for himself beyond this tragic event.  What was he going to do?  How could he go on?  Sir Chavelle had been all that he had known for the last five years.  Before that there was no one that he wished to return to.  There was heaviness akin to sorrow that came over him.  Gradually, through this disconcertion his faculties were enlivened and he began to run toward the body.
~
As Adrian neared Raleigh the body of Sir Chavelle began to stir.  At first no one noticed, but finally the slight movement seized the attention of many.  There was a general gasp of the majority and a certain hush came over the crowd.  Adrian and Raleigh caught each others eye with a look of curiosity and then fear.  Adrian was the first to turn and saw Chavelle rolling over and pushing himself to his hands and knees.  A sporadic cheer went up from several locations in the stands.
~
At first all that he felt was the wetness of something, something warm, like his head was in warm water.  Then he opened his eyes and saw darkness surrounding a narrow slit of light.  He tried to move.  The attempt was difficult; he was weighed down by something.  His limbs felt heavy.  Then his head began to hurt.  First it was a dull thrumming, which was like a Highland drum coming over the hills toward him and then it suddenly burst upon him in full power.  Then he felt the burning across his head, his left eye was in pain.  What is wrong with me?  Where am I?  He could not remember.  He decided that he was in a suit of armor, but could not figure out where.  Was he in battle somewhere?  Had he gotten knocked off of his horse in battle and now lay on the field surrounded by men fighting for their lives?  He listened, but the sound was not the sound of battle, it was the sounds of a cheering crowd!  People cheering?  For what?  Why would people be cheering?  Then he knew!  A tournament!  I am in a tournament.  He laid there trying to sort it out as rapidly as he could.  He was in a tournament, but where and with whom?  What was his part?  And, what had happened to him?  He must have been knocked off of his horse.  That was it, it had to be!  Why couldnt he see out of his left eye slit and what was all over his head?  Blood, it must be blood!  He had to have been struck with the lance, but, to bleed, maybe be bruised, but bleed?  He did not understand.  Suddenly, he knew the answer.  He had been struck in the head!  From what he could tell, the lance must have penetrated his bassinet and must, he felt, be now protruding from his head as well as his helmet.  Was he going to die?  Fear struck him at the thought and that made him angry.  No, he was not going to die!  He had to think!  A tournament, but where?  England, yes, England!  What was he doing in England?  He had come for one reason, having never been there before, but why?  The Duke.  Sir Frances de Chaumont had sent him after a man.  Then it all came pouring back to him in such a rapid flow of memory that it was only mere seconds before he saw the image of Adrian coming at him upon his charging horse, lance floating before him, his visor open, his smile, . . . that smile, he had known.  He had known what he would do.  It angered him even more to think that he had been tricked!  What he could not understand was how Adrian could have struck him before he had struck Adrian.  A further perplexity is the fact that his blow had pierced his helmet.  He finally knew.  It had entered in through the eyes slot that is why he couldnt see out of his left eye, either that or it was entirely penetrated by the lance.  The thought frightened him, but this time he did not become angry.
He had to get up!  They had wagered for a Death Match and from what he could tell he was thought to be dead, but he wasnt and what if Adrian was not going to leave anything to chance?  He had to get up!  How long had he been laying there?  He did not know, but he finally knew that he had to finish this duel, he had to kill Adrian and quickly!  He knew that he was bleeding and may soon pass out from blood loss, whatever was to be done, must happen now!
He rolled over and got his hands and knees.  Suddenly the crowd went nearly totally silent.  He stayed there listening for a few seconds and then began to move again.  He was just attempting to stand when he heard Philippe.
Milord, you are alive!  He did not answer, but continued to struggle upwards.  Milord, you are not dead!
No, Philippe I am not!  Now help me to my feet!  Philippe obeyed quickly and with strength lifted him up to his feet.  Philippe are you there?  He stretched out an arm.
Here.
Get your sword ready you will have to use it.
Yes, Milord.
Chavelle looked around through the right eye slot and found Adrian a little way down the list.  He was there staring in utter disbelief at him.  Yes, I am back from the dead.  Now, it is your turn and we shall see if you are lucky enough to return.  Chavelle reached up to his visor to try and lift it; it was stuck.  He pushed harder and the action sent pain shooting through his face.  The lance, the end of it, it was still in his helmet.  He felt for it.  Then he put both hands around the end and began to pull.  A wave of pain hit him with the force of a storms tide.  He quit pulling.  Then he took a deep breath and pulled again.

Ahhhhggggg!  The cry of agonizing pain echoed through the silent crowd as they held their breath at what was going on before their eyes.  Was it a ghost?  He had to be dead, but now he was on his feet and pulling at the end of the lance broken off in his head!  AAAAAaaaahhhhhggggg!  Another tug and it was wrenched free, blood streaming out with it and dripping rapidly off of the tip onto his armor and to the ground.  There was an audible gasp from the crowd.
~
This man is certainly possessed of Satan.  Prince Henry said coldly.  It is my hope that Adrian has said his prayers, for I fear he is about to face the wrath of a demon.  No man could live through that; not and do what he is doing just now.  Gilbert nodded in agreement, not speaking only staring in near fright.
Victoria just stood there in absolute horror.  She hated blood, she hated death, and it was almost too much for her to bear.  It was like it was not real; it had to be a wicked nightmare.  She had never imagined such a thing!  He shuddered and suddenly began to want Lady Shelton by her side.  The thought surprised her, but she did not push it away, she was too horrorstruck just now to fight a rebellious war.
~
Adrian, do you see what I see?  Raleigh was stunned by what was happening to the point that he did not believe it.
I think that I do.  Adrian said not moving, only staring.
Adrian, if he stays on his feet you will have to dismount and fight him.  Adrian nodded.
How can he?
I dont know, but how can he have lived?  You must finish him, that is all that I know.
Raleigh, what if I cannot take him, even injured as he is just now?  You must second me.
I will try, but I dont think he will put up much of a fight.  Just get it finished as quickly as you can.  He is losing a lot of blood; he will grow weaker and weaker.  Make him work for you.  Adrian nodded again, slowly this time and without reply.
~
The king had never seen such a joust before, right in the eye!  Now this!  He had never seen a man get up from any such blow with such great ferocity.  The man had torn out the end of the lance from his head!  He was entranced by the spectacle.  Now the man was trying to take of his helmet!  He pushed away the page that came to him without even listening for his sons response.  This was quite a new development which changed everything!
~
Chavelle took several long, deep breaths trying to bear the pain.  He was only half-way where he wanted to be.  The helmet was rather tight on his head and he pulled with effort, slowly it came.
~
The crowd waited for the revelation of what manner of beast truly lay beneath this helmet that was now slowly ascending from the armored knight.  Would they see an apparition or just a man with a crushed skull, a man that should be dead, or a man back from the dead?
~
The helmet came off finally, pulling the felt liner out with it.  As he took it away from his head a great piece of skin lay over to the side, revealing the very bone of his skull.  His face was covered in blood; it was running down his face and dropping onto his armor and surcoat.  His hair was wet and hanging with the weight of it.  From all appearances his head had been cleaved nearly in two, for the mark that ran from his eye to the top of the back of his head.
Philippe gasped in surprise.  He had never seen anything quite like this.  He stared, not moving.
Chavelle lifted up his surcoat and used it to gently wipe away the blood from his face.  Most of it was lifted and soaked into the surcoat, covering the green boar in its stark crimson.  What was not removed was smeared, somehow effecting everyone to greater disturbance.
He knew his time was short.  He drew his sword and held it up at his side.  
ADRIAN . . . !  His voice rang out in the stillness of the crowd.  Let us finish, now!
Adrian slid from his horse and stood there staring at Chavelle.  Surely this must be death he looked at.  Maybe not his own, but the face of it.  He watched Chavelles face, no longer covered with his helmet.  He took off his own.  Chavelle grinned, a wicked display of bloodstained teeth, where the blood had run into the corners of his mouth.
Scared?  Chavelle laughed.  
Laughed!  It sent a chill down Adrians spine.  No, he wasnt scared!  At least he was not going to heed his fear.  He drew his own sword.  It was actually Sir Gilberts sword, his own being not the type for such combat.  Sir Gilbert did not know that he had it, or at least if he had noticed it when he examined his gear, a word was never said about it.  The sword was bigger and heavier, a two-handed claymore, but he had practiced with one as this many times before.  He walked toward Chavelle only a short distance away by now.
~
Sir Gilbert!  The cry came from the soldier that was standing by them.  They both turned to see the mans face etched with fearful surprise, as if awaiting punishment.
Gilbert looked, but did not see Victoria.  Where is the girl?
Sir, she is gone.  She went in there!  He pointed into the arena.  The prince was the first to the edge of the wall.  There Gilbert joined him just as Victoria was running toward the two men just as they came up to each other.
~
Adrian, I dont know what sorcery you used, but it will be to no avail against my steel.  Chavelle growled the excruciating pain which he was under enhancing the menacing tone of his voice.  I dont have long to play boy, so I shall make it quick!  He took a step toward Adrian, and began to move his sword in a slow, circle which increased in diameter with each cycle.
Nooooooo!  The anguishing cry came from behind Adrian.  Please stop!  Please!  Adrian recognized the voice at once; it was Victoria Marie.  What was she doing here?  He wanted to turn his face to look toward her, but dared not move.  Instead he simply stared at Chavelles face and the eyes behind the hideous mask of blood and pain.
Victoria dove to her hands and knees between them, sobbing.  Please stop.  Dont do this.
The little waif has come for your aide, Adrian.  I did not know that it took a woman to rescue you from me.  Chavelle laughed.  His laughter was mingled with the wine of pain.  Dont wait Adrian go to her, but just remember her lips belong to me!  He laughed once again.
Shut up!  Chavelle did not seem to hear him.  I said enough!
Though Chavelle heard he did not respond to Adrians words.  I must hurry.  Get out of the way little peasant or I shall run you both through as you sob in each others arms!
Victoria crawled to Adrian and wrapped her arms around his legs so that he could not move.  Adrian, I am sorry.  Please believe me I am so sorry!  Dont do this!
I must, now move.  Adrian said with steel in his voice.  He was determined and stern, and never took his eyes off of Chavelle who was watching in mock sympathy.
Adrian!  She wept out.  You dont understand, please stop!
Victoria!  He shouted to her anger building in his voice.  She looked up at him, her tears abated for that moment.  Let go and get away from me!
Yes, Deary.  You mustnt taint his royal highness with your uncleanness of spirit and body.  Do not touch the boy.  Mocked Chavelle.
Enough Chavelle!  Adrian shouted.
What is the matter little boy are you cut to the quick?  Is your heart broken?  Is the tenderness of your spirit wounded?  Chavelle coughed and blood flecked out of his mouth.  I might as well tell you now as any other time, there is a chance I might die you know.  He was silent for a few seconds.  It was all a trick, a brilliant one I might add.  I saw you with her and watched both of you for some time before I made my move.  It looks like I found the chink in the armor of the mighty Adrian the Lion!  He sneered and spat blood.  I was never interested in the girl.  What do I care for an orphan waif?  Though I must admit she is pretty enough, more than enough to suit the task.  It was a pleasant diversion for my time while I waited for this day to take your head off your shoulders!  Victoria wailed at this and got to her knees, looking up at Adrian.
Adrian is it true?  He did not care?
I dont know.  It is a little late for that question dont you think?  Victoria could feel the contempt in his voice for her.  She reached up and grasped at his surcoat, tugging him downward.
Adrian, please look at me!  Tell me that you dont hate me for what I have done!  She lamented with tears bursting from her eyes.
At that moment Chavelle charged.
Adrian was not sure what warned him, but he jumped back quickly, tearing loose Victorias grip, and then with a foot against her chest, shoved her forcefully out of his way.  
She screamed and Chavelles blade arced toward Adrian.  Adrian managed a formidable parry, knocking the blade aside.  Sparks danced along the edges of the two blades as they slid away.  
Chavelle was readying for another charge when he felt his legs grabbed from behind.  
Chavelle no, dont.  Stop!
Chavelle was enraged at the interference and spun, attempting to break the hold.  He could not.  He tried again, but to no avail.  He turned his body slightly away from Adrian and tried to kick the girl free.  She would not let up.
Adrian go, GO!  She screamed.
You leave me with no choice.  Chavelle looked down into her tear stained eyes and shook his head.  You should have left us alone.  You should have known better.  
Victoria looked up into that face with horror.  She suddenly saw a similar image from years that were nearly forgotten.  The farmer.  Raleigh.  The head rolling toward her.  It all came with such speed that she was not able to distinguish that setting from this one.  Then it passed and she was left staring up into the bloody face of Chavelle.  His teeth were bared, lips bloody.  Those lips, they had kissed her, seemingly so tenderly, now were pulled back into a snarl, blood-soaked.  He had told her that he loved her while looking into her eyes.  Now she knew it was all a wicked, evil game.  She looked at his hands holding the sword.  Those hands, they had once held her in embrace, now they held a glistening instrument of death.  The sword loomed so huge that it seemed unreal to her.  She knew that she was going to die.  She could feel it inside of her.  It was so strong that she did not even have the urge to scream, for she knew that it would do no good.  She simply braced herself for the blow even as she saw the sword raised and begin to descend toward her back.  She quickly closed her eyes and said a pray, awaiting the departure of her spirit into eternity.
The sword descended; even as Adrian leapt forward he knew it was too late.  He crashed into Chavelle just as the sword came down.  Adrians ears were pierced with a scream and then nothing as the body of Victoria tumbled softly to the ground.
Adrian went mad.
Even as he hit Chavelle and jerked away to the side, Chavelle was turning toward him; for he knew what to expect out of Adrian.  He had anticipated this move on his part.  The sword gleamed in the sun as it swiftly swung up away from the body of Victoria and curved toward Adrians neck.
Adrian was in such a state of mind that he cared not for life, it was this that saved his life.  For he charged directly toward Chavelles body the swing arm collided with his neck rather than the sword.  Adrian saw the light of a thousand stars as his neck cracked in his ears.  He bellowed from the pain and pushed against Chavelle.  This sent Chavelle backwards and stumbling over the body of Victoria, hampering his aim and power, but did not stop the instrument of death.  Adrian glanced down no longer than a split second and his enraged mind registered only wrath.
~
Victoria cringed as the sword whistled through the air.  It came upon her back in a flash of intense pain.  She screamed.  She let go of Chavelles legs and rolled to the ground overcome with pain, she could not bear it!  Is this what it feels like to die?  I dont want to die.  Adrian, Adrian what I would do differently if I could live all over again.  With these thoughts burning into her mind she drifted into the dust and sand.  The last thing she saw, as her face was pressed to the ground was a little stream of blood which began to flow into view upon the ground beneath her very vision and form a small pool which then began to soak in slowly.  She blinked at it; it was her blood.  Her eyes slowly closed overcome with a great burden that seemed like indescribable fatigue.  The little stream was the last thing that she saw and then it was over.
~
Raleigh saw it happen and was hit with a wave of utter horror.  He did not wait a second longer.  As the scream of his dying sister faded from his ears he ran forward toward the scene, pulling out his sword as he ran.
Forget the rules of engagement, he had just witnessed murder!  It was his sisters own death.  He was coming upon Chavelle from the side when Philippe sprang in his way.
~
Philippe screamed as he watched the sword descend upon the back of the girl, but it was never heard for her voice drowned out his own.  He just killed her!  He panicked.  What should he do?  He did not know.  He stepped from one foot to the other trying to figure out what to do.  His mind was confused.  Chavelle, his master had just done something that he knew to be wrong, but it was not in him to do anything about it.  Suddenly, his decision was made.  He had heard the man come running up and looked to see Adrians squire with his sword drawn, headed for Chavelle.  He did not think, but pulled his own sword and stepped in the way.
~
Move man!  Raleigh called to him.
I will not.  If you are to get to Sir Chavelle you must go through me.  Philippe was surprised at his own voice speaking with such determination it sent a wave of emotion through him that caused him to wonder, Is this the honor that Adrian spoke of?  That I am willing to die for my master?  He felt as though it were and the thought pleased him.
I say again move!
No.
Adrian and Chavelle were once again clashing together, their swords shaking in their hands, and vibrating the air as they came together, sending sparks into the air.
Why are you defending him?  He just killed my sister.  Raleigh was appalled at what he saw.
He is my master.
Your master?  Are you willing to die for an evil master?
There it was, was he willing to die?  Yes!  He swung his sword toward Adrians squire.
Raleigh had not expected the move, but easily pushed the stroke aside with his own blade.  One last chance.  He warned as he went into a defensive position.  Throw your sword down and leave.
I will not.  Philippe cried again and rushed Raleigh.
Raleigh could see at once that he was far superior to this lad, but he had no choice.  The lad left him none.  He parried the thrust and feinted a thrust toward Philippe, who jumped back from the point, though it was far from reaching him.
Philippe rushed again and this time Raleigh parried, but allowed the blade to remain on his own sword.  He pushed it upward and then to his left.  Philippes arm swung across his own body with his sword pointing to his own right side.
~
Chavelles sword pounded Adrian with such force that he could not believe it had not penetrated his armor.  He could see that blow by blow Chavelle was growing weaker, but he also felt weak.
You are bleeding little boy.  Chavelle gasped.  Did I hurt you with my lance?
Nay, that wound was in defense of my prince last night.  Adrian returned, hoping to unsettle the Chavelle with disappointment.
No, matter.  You will receive another in defense of the same.  Chavelle stepped to the left and Adrian adjusted his stance to face that direction.  As he did so he felt, rather than knew it was a mistake, a trap.  Chavelle moved with the ferocity and speed of a wounded tiger.  He shifted back to his right side and swung with all his might upon the arm of Adrian.
Adrian felt the blow rock him and an instant later felt the pain began.  He lost his grip on the sword with his left hand, which fell uselessly to his side.  He could not hold up the claymore with only one hand.  He knew he was finished.
~
Raleigh hesitated only an instant and then finished the move.  It was a shame to do so, but he had to.  He flicked his wrist, turned his sword point into position and then . . . thrust.  The sword went straight into Philippes chest, just below his fifth rib.  Philippe screamed.
In that instant Chavelle cast a surprised look toward the sound.  He saw his squire fall to the ground, and then Adrian hit him in a flying tackle.
~
Adrian threw down his sword, knowing it was useless and pulled out his dagger.  He dove at Chavelle and knocked him down.  Adrian was trying to plunge his dagger beneath his arm, where there was no armor, but Chavelle rolled with him and soon he found himself, tossed to the dust.  Quickly, he came back on Chavelle and struggled again to find the spot.  
Their movements, though done with all their strength were inhibited largely by the armor that they wore.  Either of them would be hard pressed to be able to stand again.
Adrian was pushing Chavelles left arm up and trying to hold it, while he brought the dagger down.  He was almost there!  Suddenly, everything went black.
Chavelle knowing Adrians intent from the beginning elected to save his own life rather than trying to kill Adrian.  He brought the hilt of his sword around and struck Adrian at the base of his head as hard as he could.  He felt the body on his go limp.  
The sword dropped from Chavelles hand, and slid off of his breastplate to settle in the dust at his side.  His hands lost all feeling and he closed his eyes, the darkness shrinking upon him.
~
The last thing that Philippe saw was a gentle, beautiful cloud as it drifted across the sky in it elegance.  The last thought to cross his mind puzzled him, and then bothered him, but he did not have the strength to wrest with it.  Is there really no such thing as love?  Then the cloud seemed to descend down upon him and he felt its coldness as it settled over his body.  Then there was nothing.
~
Raleigh gave the boy such a momentary glance and then stepped over his body to the wrestling suits of armor upon the ground.  Then he heard the thunk and saw Adrians grip relax on the dagger.  He also saw the form of Chavelle settle into motionlessness.
~
All of these events took their place in the existence of time at such a rapid pace that they were completed before anyone could reach them, though many now rushed upon them.  Cries went up and people gathered around the scene.
Raleigh fell upon his sisters body and wept like a baby.
~
Step aside.  The voice called out, demanding immediate obedience.  It was Prince Henry.  Sir Gilbert see to Adrian.  Prince Henry went over to the body of Philippe.  Dead.
Just then a girl burst through the crowd and ran and fell on Adrian.  Is he dead?  She cried.
I dont know, now move.  Sir Gilbert was attempting to pull her away when the prince walked up.
Girl, move.  He commanded.
She lifted her head.  It was the same girl of the tavern that had attended to both his and Adrians wounds the night before.  Milord, I beg of you, if he lives, let me tend to him.  It is all that I ask for in this life.
Henry recognized her as he looked into her blue eyes and saw that there was the utmost sincerity reflected there.  He nodded his head.  You must move first and we will see if he lives.
She did.
He will live.  Sir Gilbert reported.  A strong pulse.  He had removed the gauntlets.
What of Chavelle?  The prince asked.
Sir Gilbert leaned over him.  Breathing, alive.
The voice boomed in the small circle with seemingly little volume, but with great weight.  Carry him to the palace.  It was the king and he had a surgeon with him.  They quickly took the armor off of Chavelle and rolled him onto an improvised litter.
The prince looked on in silence.


Chapter XXIV

A sweet voice humming skillfully came into his ears and flowed ever so soothingly until it filled his mind with a sense of rapture.  He tried to open his eyes, but found them so terribly heavy.  He tried to shake his head to see if that would clear up the problem, but his shaking was only a weak, slow roll from side to side.  A moan found its way out of his dry lips.  Suddenly, the humming stopped; slippered feet stirred and came to the left of his bedside.  A garment rustled and a soft, feminine hand was placed very gently on his forehead.  It was cool to his heated brow.  The touch sent a wave of shivering comfort through his nerves; it was as the touch of a seraph.  He caught the pleasant odor of a womans scented rose water and breathed it in deeply.  The hand was taken from his forehead.  He moaned again, he did not want that hand to leave him.  He tried to reach for it, but his arm seemed to only twitch slightly at his zealous effort.  He tried to open his eyes and this time they responded.  Only slightly at first; all he saw was a dim light illuminating the room.  It seemed to be morning, but he could not tell; everything was out of focus, for it all was filtering in from a small slit in his eyelids.  He attempted to open them further and was rewarded with accomplishment; they came fully open, no longer inhibited by the unseen weights that had them anchored down only moments before.  It was the touch of that woman, whoever she was, that enlivened him, Adrian knew.  It had awakened him as though from a slumber of death.
Now he could see more, but still unfocused.  He blinked several times and finally the thin film which develops from eyes long being closed dissipated and he saw the room clearly.  He was in the princes wing of the palace that much he could tell.  Then he realized that he was in the guest room, which was larger than his own, and also had more windows.  
It must be morning for the fall and shade of the sunlight was such that it could not be dusk, which the level of light suggested one or the other.  He stared for a moment or two at the end of his bed ensuring control over his eyelids and his focus.  A chair beside his bed creaked slightly and he leisurely rolled his head in that direction.  He had wanted to see who it was that put her hand to his forehead.
As his view scrolled to his left side his eyes focused on the wall at the other side of the room, upon a doorway, then a small table, upon a chair and the gown of somebody sitting there.  He could not explain it, but he could not look; he felt foolish for his awkward position of hesitation, but he could not help it.  He closed his eyes again and held them shut.  Who was it?  Who would he see?  He was afraid.  Could it be Victoria?  He had seen her fall underneath the blade of Chavelle.  His mother?  He did not believe it was.  Who then?
Adrian.  The voice was so musical that Adrian ran it over and over in his mind.  Adrian can you hear me?
He did not answer, nor open his eyes.  He just raised his eyebrows slightly.
She laughed lightly.  He liked that laugh and he smiled.
Come now.  You must be well to play games with me such as this.  What do you mean by not looking at me?  She sounded a little hurt, but not in a serious manner.
He wanted to look before, but now he did not.  That voice!  It was like sunlight streaming into his morning, pushing back a dreary, stormy night.  What if I dont like the way she looks?  He furrowed up his brow.  What am I thinking?  This was not him.  What was wrong?  Suddenly, he was very thirsty.
Water.  He managed to croak out, his own voice sounding unlike what he was used to.
Indeed, you are no doubt thirsty.  I will get you some water . . . as soon as you open your eyes again and look at me.  Her voice was playful, but she was resolute.  I must make sure that you are not going to slip away from us again.
Slip away?  What did she mean?  He tried to open his eyes and to his surprise they had once again gotten heavy.  Open!  He commanded.  Finally, they did.
What he saw stunned him.  He had not expected anything like this.  A pair of blue eyes were looking earnestly at him.  They twinkled with pleasure at his admiring gaze.  He looked at the face; fair skin, a thin slightly upturned nose that he liked instantly.  His eyes fell to the lips.  They were full and red as roses and set beneath them was a lovely chin.  Suddenly, he was having trouble breathing!  He looked back up at the eyes.  They were laughing at him and he saw the evidence by the slow parting of those red lips to reveal a row of beautiful white teeth.  Her blond hair was pulled back slightly and pushed behind her ears.  But there was a small strand that now fell upon her brow; he stared at it.  She was beautiful!  Who was she?  He closed his eyes and tried to think, but his mind hurt.
I say not.  He felt her fingers gently press themselves on his eyelids and lift them.  Again that electric impulse shot through him.  If she lets go I am going to close my eyes again.  I will keep this up as long as she wants.  He thought and smiled.  She seemed to read his thoughts as she let go.  Now, keep them open . . . or no water.
It came to him then.  She was the girl in that had nursed his side in the tavern last night.  How did she come to be here?  He was greatly puzzled, but he did not want to find out, he was just glad that she was here.  She stared at him, this time with a serious expression on her face.  He returned the stare, right into those sky blue eyes.  He was not sure how long they remained in that manner, but he did not blink.  He was seeing into her soul and what he saw comforted him.  She was marvelous.
Finally, she flushed and looked away.  What are you trying to do to me?  She stood.  You will dry my eyes out and give me a heart . . . never mind.  She turned her face away, blushing even more.  I will come back with your water.
Do.  Was all that he could manage.  She looked at him once more and he smiled at her.  Then she shook her head and went out of the room.  He watched her go and her figure did not go unnoticed as she exited his room.
He lay there for some time, and she did not return.  He begin to grow impatient, where was she.  It wasnt so much his thirst as it was his desire to look at her again.  Still, she did not come.  He started to think to himself.  Why am I even in this bed?  He tried to get up, but found that he was so weak he could barely stir.  What is wrong with me?  He looked himself over and tried to move each limb.  Every one of them responded except his left arm.  He pulled the sheet back.  What he saw horrified him.  It was not really an arm that he saw, but some monstrous appendage that appeared to have replaced his arm.  It was swelled largely and disproportionate.  It was an ugly purple and yellow.  He covered it back up quickly.  He stared at the ceiling.  His arm.  He remembered the blow.  He thought back over the tournament.
Had he killed Chavelle?  He was sure he hadnt, somehow he had passed out or been knocked unconscious before he could plunge the fatal blade.  Victoria.  His heart suddenly became heavy.  Was she dead?  He had to know.  He felt sick inside.  He was sure that he wasnt going to like the answer that he got.  Where is that girl?  His impatience grew to irritation, not at her, but he wanted to know what had happened.  He tried to sit up, but could not.  He was just about to call for help when Raleigh walked in accompanied by none other than the prince.
A smiled spread across the princes face while Raleigh looked relieved and yet saddened.  Adrian returned the smile.  He feebly waved at them with his right hand.
I do apologize for my inability to give you proper respect, Sire, but as you can see I am being most lazy right now.  Adrian grinned at the prince.
Prince Henry laughed.  I always knew that you were the type.  I just waited for it to surface in your character.  He walked up to the bedside on the right with Raleigh on the left.  Sincerely now, it is good to see you awake and your eyes open.  We thought that you would never come out of your fever.  Even I suffered a bit of worry, though I had faith all along.
Adrians brow furrowed as he listened to Prince Henry.  He looked over at Raleigh with a question in his eyes.
You dont understand?  The prince put his hand on his arm.  Did not Salina tell you?
Who is Salina?
Prince Henry put a hand to his chin thoughtfully and then he went and pulled a chair up to the bedside.  Raleigh sat in the one that the beautiful blonde seraph had sat in just previous.
It is just as well; that is the way I wished it.  Salina is the young woman who just left to get you a bit of water.  I saw her and asked if you were awake.  You were and we came in.  She is the one who dressed your wounds at The Raven.  He could see that Adrian remembered that much.  I see that I will have to start at the beginning for your sake.  Adrian looked at the prince in an expression of expectancy, curiosity, and fear.  What was he going to tell him?  Do you know why you are here?  The prince began.
I suppose that it has to do with my injuries and the exertion of the tournament yesterday.  Adrian said in a careless fashion.
Raleigh stared at the prince, who quietly and solemnly returned his gaze.
Yes, it does . . . but there is one thing more Adrian.
Adrian waited the continuation.
It was not yesterday.  Prince Henry put his hand again upon Adrians arm and looked intently at him.
Adrian could not speak.  Not yesterday?  What did this mean?  He searched the princes gaze and saw the calm patience that resembled a doctor with his precarious patient upon his face and in his eyes.  Do not shock the patient, was written subliminally upon his features.
He turned to Raleigh.  What he saw sent a wave of fear through him.  Raleigh was not himself, something was wrong!  It was as though vacant eyes stared back at him, unfocused, not really seeing, but lost in the thought of their host.  Adrian shivered slightly.
Are you cold?  Prince Henry asked.
Nay, Milord.  Adrian managed to answer.
Adrian, there is more.  He waited for Adrian consent.
I must hear it sometime.  Please, dont spare words for me.
As you wish.  The truth of the matter is that you have been laying here for over a week.  This stunned Adrian and his eyes widened in disbelief.  Over a week!  He did not believe it and tried to sit up in bed in protest.  He could not.  Lay still.  The Prince commanded.  You have been here for nine days, lying between life and death.
How?  What happened?  It did not make sense to Adrian.
Several things; first of all, you lost a tremendous amount of blood.  Secondly, you were wounded in your left arm.  Thirdly, I feel as though the whole scenario turned in such a way that it sent you into a state of shock.  But, the most persuasive reason is that I have reason to believe that you were poisoned.  He removed his hand from Adrians arm and placed upon the arm of his own chair as he leaned back.
Adrian took all this in with a grim, serious expression.  Poisoned?  He asked.
That is what appears to be true.  When Sir Chavelle gave you that last blow to your arm, fortune was both with you and against you.  With you inasmuch that it did not sever your limb completely off, which it easily could have, but for Chavelles degenerating strength behind the swing.  The muscle in your arm was nearly crushed to being separated, as now I doubt you can even move it.  I dont believe the bone was broken; in time it will heal.  Fortune was against you inasmuch as it did break open the armor slightly, enough to prick you with the blade.  The reaction of your body to such a small, insignificant wound raised alarm in my surgeons and they were suspicious.  It is they that believe that Chavelles sword had been swathed in a deadly poison.  I suppose that he figured that if he could not kill you outright, he would kill you by devious means, which he almost did.
It all swirled in his mind over and over.  It seemed impossible that he had almost died, but here was the evidence before him.  He knew that the prince would not lie.  Poison, was it?  He wanted to know what happened to Sir Chavelle, he asked.
He did not die.  Though for your sake I wish that he would have.  My father, the king, has had him under rigorous watch around the clock by the best men of medicine in the province.  He was up and about two days ago.  I hear that he is to leave for France within the next week.  Of course he will be traveling alone this time.  Philippe was killed in the duel.
Adrian looked over at Raleigh.  It had to be him that killed Philippe, but Raleigh seemed as though he had not heard.  He just simply stared down at the sheets under which Adrian lay.  Adrian looked back at the prince.  So, Chavelle lives, but Philippe is dead?  Adrian paused for a long time.  Prince Henry knew what coming next as he saw the jaw of Adrian working relentlessly.  He waited, not showing any expression of his knowledge to Adrian.  Finally, the question came.
Milord . . . if I almost died from the poison, and from the loss of blood . . . He could not ask it.  His chest began to ache and his heart to pound.  I . . . cant say it.  He closed his eyes partly out of frustration and partly because of the tears that were moistening them.
Prince Henry stood and pushed his chair back against the wall.  He walked over to Adrian and pressed his hand strongly.  I shall leave you and Raleigh together now.  I must be going and I believe that what you want to know he can tell you.
Adrian opened his eyes to look at Prince Henry and he could see that the prince was empathetic with his pain.  The prince looked at Raleigh, back to Adrian, and then nodded.
As his feet exited the room Adrian rolled his head to face Raleigh.  Raleigh was looking at him with a strange look, almost as though he was afraid to tell Adrian something.
Raleigh . . . what is it?
Adrian you never finished your question.
Just tell me, I think that you know what I was going to ask.
Raleigh nodded slowly and then he started to cry.  Adrian had never seen him cry before and it tipped the scales against his own resistance to tears and he too found himself brimming with tears that ready to topple any moment over the edge and roll out of his eyes.
I am sorry Adrian . . . the funeral was five days ago.  At this Raleigh burst out and buried his face in his arms weeping.
The tears spilled over and rolled down the side of Adrians face and into his ears, hair, and down his neck.  Adrian could not help it as he slammed his eyes shut against them, with his face to the ceiling; the pain was nearly unbearable!
Raleigh stood and went to the window still sobbing like a child.
Adrian burst out into a moan of grief like he had never known before.  Nooo.  This is not happening to me!  Oh God, how can I hurt so badly?  Why?  Why?  Could he have done anything different?  Could he have tried harder?  He did not know, but all he knew was the pain of failure and loss; it was excruciating!  He lay there for some time moaning out his grief and pain, soaking the pillow beneath his head with his salty tears.  Victoria, Victoria you are gone!  Why did this happen?  Why did you do it?  Why did you let this man kill you?  It was not his sword that killed you, but it was your passion for him that took your life!  Oh God, why?  He cried out finally breaking the barrier of self-respect into the unfettered, unhindered flow of grief.  
Raleigh came to him and grabbed his shoulder in a strong grip.  I am sorry Adrian.  I am so sorry!  I dont know what else to say.  I want you to know that there is nothing that you could have done, nothing!  It is not your fault!
Raleigh, why?  Adrian sobbed out.
I have been asking myself the same question for days and nights, every hour, why?.  I have only one answer.  It seems Victoria Marie made her own decisions and suffered the consequences of them.  It finally came home to roost, like I tried to tell her so many times.  You could not tell her anything, she would not listen.  She would not listen to anyone!  He put his head down momentarily and then looked back up.  No, there is nothing that anyone could do.  Nothing.  And then he was quiet.
Adrian choked back his tears and thought of his friend, whom had suffered the greatest loss of them all by her death.  Raleigh, what are you going to do?
What can I do?  I feel so alone.  Even though we were not that close and had been away from each other for so long; she was the only family that I had.  He looked up and out of the window.  I can do nothing, but what I am doing.  I will remain in the princes service.  If it were not for you and Prince Henry I would not want to live.  I would have ended my own life five days ago.  He looked back at Adrian.
Raleigh, I am sorry also.  I wish there were something that I could do.
Thank you, I know that you are hurting too, maybe even as much as me.  For you were in love with her.  I was somewhat cold to her because I knew the type of person that she was.  Yes, maybe you are the one who is hurting the worst.
What does it matter?  We are both in pain.  I care not for its comparison or magnitude; that does not matter.  I just want you to know that I will always be your best friend through this and whatever comes; I was before I knew Victoria Marie was your sister and it shall not deter me from it now.  It shall only serve to cause me to love and care for you more, like . . . like you are my own brother.
This brought tears to Raleighs eyes and he thanked Adrian.
I dont want to be abandoning you Adrian, but I really feel as though you might want to be left alone, so I will go and return after a time.
That is fine.  You are right I want some time to think.
Raleigh gave one last brotherly squeeze to Adrians shoulder, trying to avoid the wounded arm, and then turned to go.  As he neared the door Adrian called to him.
Yes?
Raleigh, thank you, thanks for everything that you did, it means a lot.
Youre quite welcome, but I fear that you did more for her than I ever could have.  You gave her an opportunity to know real love.  I am just sorry that it was not as effective as it should have been.  He turned and was gone.
Adrian lay there for many long minutes crying silently and shaking his head in disbelief and pain.  Then it hit him again the wave of disappointment, grief, pain, despair, and all of the things which overwhelm in a time when a loved one dies.  He sobbed until he could not sob any longer.  He was not sure how long he cried, but it was quite some time, for the band of light from the window had shifted considerably when he was finally able to staunch the flow of tears.  It was then that she returned.
Salina walked into the room her own eyes slightly red from tears now gone.  She came without saying a word to Adrian and handed him a cup of water which she had poured from a jug that she set on the table.  He drank it all and she refilled his cup.  He finished this one also and was satisfied for the time.  Salina placed the cup on the table next the water jug and came and sat by him, looking tenderly, compassionately, and sympathetically into his bloodshot and tearful, deep brown eyes.
He looked at her and felt an awareness of relief and peace drift over him.  She was not just beautiful, but something about her was very comforting to him right now.
He wet his dry lips and spoke.  Thank you for the water.
You are quite welcome.  I would have come sooner, but his Highness, the prince, said that he wanted a few minutes with you before I returned.  After I saw him leave I was going to come, but then I heard you and Raleigh talking.  I am sorry.  She put her hand to cover her face, which flushed.  I did not mean to eavesdrop, but I am afraid that I overheard most of what was said.  She looked at Adrian again.  It made me cry to hear you both so!  She positioned herself closer to him on the chair.  I did not want you to think that I was the prying type, but neither did I want to hide it from you.  So, I hope that you are not upset with me.
Adrian smiled.  Of course not.  I suppose that no man wishes to make a woman upset or cry, especially someone as yourself.  That is all that I am sorry for.  Besides, if I were too upset with you I would die of thirst.  She laughed lightly, the sound of it warmed Adrians heart.  Speaking of water . . . may I.
She sprang up and went to fill his cup.  She returned with the cup and this time placed a hand beneath the back of his head before she tipped it to his mouth again.  He looked up at her at this gesture, but she did not seem to acknowledge that it was anything out of the ordinary.  Finally, he mentally shrugged it off, though his head seemed to spin as long as her hand was there.  He drank down the cups cool contents and then looked up at her once again.
Do not think me an animal, the way I drink.
I would believe that you are a horse, but I know that is not true, they come up for air long before you do.  Adrian laughed at this and felt better, in spite of his ever-present pain of grief; she somehow helped him to bear it with a certain degree of strength.
If I were a horse I would not let a drop of that water survive in that jug yonder.
She smiled and took the cup back to the table.  Instead of coming back to his left side where she had been sitting she walked around his bed to the other side and pulled up the chair that the prince had been sitting in earlier.  He looked at her puzzled.
Why did you move over on that side?
It seems to be better over her.  She pushed her chair closer to his bed and looked intently at him.
The sun, was it getting to you?
It did seem a little warm in the sunlight, but no I just wanted to sit on this side because of your arm.
My arm?  He did not understand.
Yes, your left arm is injured and I did not want to hurt it further.
He furrowed his brow and looked at her in an odd way and was about to ask what she meant when she quickly, yet smoothly, slid her hand into his own and gripped it tenderly.  
He stared at her, his heart now pounded in his chest.  It seemed it was his brain that was the last to catch up, for he did not really know what was going on; only his heart had leapt in his throat.
She returned his gaze, not brazenly, but with definite intention.  Her eyes now seemed to be going from their former twinkle to flicker into flame, small at first, but growing with each passing second as he looked into them and held to that lovely hand.
He felt his head begin to swim and he sighed deeply, lost in her blue eyes.  Suddenly, he saw Victorias face; he could not tell what to attribute it to, whether vision or some trick of the imagination, but there it was reflected in Salinas eyes.  He squeezed her hand involuntarily and jerked slightly at the sight, his focus breaking away from the face in front of him.
What is it Adrian?  She seemed genuinely concerned.
Salina . . . He gazed at nothingness.
How do you know my name?  She interrupted, still holding to his hand; now more tightly to compensate for the pressure that he had put into the clasp.
Prince Henry.  He said in monotone.  Salina, His eyes refocused on hers.  I cannot, not . . . please forgive me . . . I cannot find pleasure in your gesture.  He loosened his grip on her hand.
She looked at him for a few seconds before replying.  Adrian, I am sorry.  I did not mean it entirely for that purpose.  I wished to give you some comfort.  Her eyes moistened.  I did not mean to presume or take advantage of your situation, especially in light of your current loss, to be disrespectful.  I am sorry.  She started to pull her hand out of his.  He reached for it just as her fingertips slowly withdrew and fell away from his touch.
No, it is alright.  He looked at her hand and then back to her face.  It is a comfort to me.  He meant it.  He did not feel as though she were meaning any wrong by it, but he could not help but react to what he saw pass before his mind, or eyes, whichever it had been.
They sat there for several long minutes neither speaking.  Most of the time Salina gazed out of the window behind his bed, but every once in a while stole a glance at Adrian, who had now closed his eyes and seemed to be resting.  Finally, his hand went limp and she knew that he was asleep.  She let go reluctantly; if it had been comfort for him, it had been a comfort to her as well as a privilege and pleasure.  She smiled sadly as she surveyed his strong face and handsome features.  The dark brows and strong chin and nose, lips that were created for a smile, which he always seemed to have.  She sighed heavily and tears came to her eyes as he covered him back up and went over to retrieve the water jug; she would refill it and leave it on the table for later.  As she went out of the room she turned back to look at him again and she saw that same troubled expression come over his face that had been there for the last nine days, as if he were having a terrible, perpetual nightmare in his sleep.  He jerked and moaned in his sleep.  Salina watched him for a few more seconds and then went out.


Chapter XXV

That afternoon Adrians parents and sister came to see him, for word had been sent to them immediately upon Adrians rousing to consciousness.  His father entered with a look of concern still writ upon his face, but this soon dissipated as he saw Adrian, now sitting up in bed tasting fruit, smile warmly at them as they were announced.
Laura broke from the trio and ran to Adrians side and gave him a hug with all the strength her little arms could muster.  Adrian winced, for she was leaning on his arm, but he did not let it show in his face, nor did he cry out.
Laura, my little Laura, it is good to see you.  You are more beautiful than the last time that I looked upon you.  She blushed with pleasure and smiled at the praise.
I was so sad the last time I saw you.  You only slept and slept, it scared me.  You are better now?  What happened?  She was still pressing up against Adrians arm.  The pain was starting creep into his face.
A lot of questions that you have, Laura.  Come around the other side of the bed, for I have this special chair for beautiful girls like you to sit on that side.  At this she giggled and bounded around to the other side of the bed, to the relief of Adrian, and sat in the chair there.
Roland allowed his wife, Edessa, to greet Adrian first.
Son, you are alright?  She asked, her pleasant, familiar voice filling Adrian with warmth and a certain homesickness for the years now beyond recovery.
Adrian looked at his wonderful mother and somehow felt himself in sympathy with the pain that she felt, for he did not like her to suffer.  Mother I am fine and will soon be back to my customary self.
Yes, you were always the optimist.  She smiled at him.  I see that you are not worried, but I have been coming to see you nearly every day and each time found you in the throws of fever, unconscious.  I am sure that fear is somewhat lingering just now, but I am so thankful to our Savior that you are alive and awake.
Roland stepped next to his wife and reached down to pat Adrian on the head.  You are not looking bad for such a slothful soul that you have been.  He winked at Adrian, who smiled in return.  I dont understand why you had to draw out all this attention for so long, I suppose that you were tired after all your hard work last month in preparation for the tournament.  Roland made light of all the seriousness that had been involved.  This made Adrian smile to himself and he felt even better for this optimism to be on his fathers part, as well as minimizing the seriousness of it all.
I surmised that if I was going to get any decent rest that I had better have a good excuse.  I think my excuse was a little excessive, so I suppose that is why my rest had to be such, to maintain a balance.  They both laughed at this and Adrians mother looked on in mock disapproval.  Roland only found this more humorous and took her hand and kissed it.
Dear, dear, are you not glad that you are a woman?  It can be a very harsh thing at times to be a man.  He made a face of imitation pain and then burst out laughing again.
What are you laughing about?  Laura asked, perplexed.  Was Adrian feigning to be hurt?  I thought he was really hurt.
Adrian looked over at her.  Laura.  He took her hand.  I was.  It is just that father and I must make light of it to show that we are very, very, tough men.  Is that not the kind of man that you admire?  We would not want you to be disappointed in us.
Laura was not a little girl any longer, but at times she seemed frozen in time at the age of nine or ten, though she now was fourteen.  I see.  Yes of course I admire your great resilience.  She leaned closer to Adrian and whispered in his ear.  I also admire your friend, Raleigh.  He is seems so strong also.  Will I get to see him today?  She leaned back and stared at Adrian with a straight face, pretending not to be expecting an answer.  Adrian smiled and winked, she was satisfied.
Mother, Adrian turned to face her.  Do know what I have been thinking of since you have come in?
I am not sure.
Well, many things, but your rye bread seems to keep coming back to my mind.
Well, She laughed.  I will bring some tomorrow.
They all sat and talked for some time, until Adrian began to grow visibly weary.  Edessa stood and said that they must be going now for he looked very tired.  Roland motioned them to go on ahead and said that he would meet them in the hall.
After they had left the room Roland looked to Adrian with that grave expression of the utmost gravity that Adrian knew so well.  Adrian what happened?  Your mother and sister were not at the tournament, but I was there.  How did this come about and why?
Adrian did not answer him for a long time.  To Rolands dismay he saw that signature resolution come into Adrians eyes.  Finally, Adrian spoke.  Father, Sir Chavelle was a wicked, evil man.  He had dishonored the crown and tried to do harm to Sir Gilbert, he needed to be defeated.
I do not disagree, but the jousting duel was to be for unhorsing the opponent.  Who made it a Death Match?
Adrian did not intend to be deceptive, but in reality it was what Chavelle had wanted all along.  He had simply fallen into the plan.  Sir Chavelle intended it from the beginning.
Yes, but you had to agree.  Adrian nodded.  Why did you agree to it?
Adrian took a deep breath and then exhaled.  Father, he paused.  I did not agree.  It was Sir Chavelle that agreed.
Roland looked at him a bit slow in understanding the true meaning of the words.  So, it was you that initiated the gauntlet throwing.
It was.
You did this for the princes honor?
Not entirely.
As a major lending factor?
No.
Adrian, why did you do it?
Again silence prevailed for several long seconds.  I cannot tell you.
Roland leaned back in his chair.  I see.  He believed he understood the reasons why, but had no choice to accept Adrians explanation and refusal to further add anything to it.  Adrian, two people were killed as a result of that decision on your part; I am sure that you are aware that Chavelle was not one of them.
Yes, I am.  Moisture threatened to come to Adrians eyes again.
Do you feel responsible for that?
I havent had enough time to greatly consider it in that fashion, though I am in great grief at the tragedy.
It was your decision.  I am not trying to place blame or the heavy weight of irrevocable regret on your shoulders, but you helped to bring it about.  You need to think of these things when making choices of such magnitude.  The world is much larger than yours.  I am sure that you are disappointed at the survival of Sir Chavelle, for it was your intent to kill him, yet you do not understand what an impact it may have had upon this kingdom at this time.  We are in negotiations for peace with France.  If Sir Chavelle would have fallen to death, it would have caused trouble.  Do you understand?
I do now but . . . Adrian thrust out his chin and clenched his jaw in determination as well as frustration.  You do not.  It is he that wanted the death match, not I.  I did not feel as though I could even win the joust, entirely.  He wanted to kill me and from what the physicians said that was his intent.  He had poisoned his sword.
Roland had not known this and raised his eyebrow at the revelation.  This is the truth?
It is.  That is why, so they say, that I have been here in this bed for so long.  It was not just the loss of blood, but a poisoned induced fever.
That creates another question; if he wanted it all along, but did not make the challenge for such, how did he get you to do so?
That is what I cannot tell.
Roland breathed deeply and slowly exhaled.  Adrian, I cannot make you tell me, but it does you no good to keep it to yourself.
Yes, Father, I understand.
That is your final answer?
I am afraid it is.
That is what I must accept then.  Roland stood to go.  I am not angry with you, but I know that you must get rest.  He gripped Adrians shoulder in the same fashion that Raleigh had earlier.
Father, I must admit to what you said about thinking of the effects of my actions, but I will not accept responsibility for the death of Chavelles squire, nor of the girl.
I did not say it was yours.
Nay, but you said it was partly mine.  Their death was decided by themselves and the girls even before the blow came to her.  Indeed, I made my decision, but they made theirs.  Raleigh tried to get Philippe to throw his sword aside, he would not.  Murder had already been committed, Philippe should have seen the right and wrong of the situation not remained stubbornly loyal to Chavelle.  Adrian took a breath and fought back the tears that came to his eyes.  The girl, Victoria Marie, was Raleighs sister.
Roland blinked several times and stared at his son with a look of horror.  You knew her?
I did.
Raleighs sister.  He repeated.  How is Raleigh?
He is full of despair.  They were not close, but it is the only family that he has, or should I say had.
So she was trying to stop the fight between you and Chavelle?
So it appears.  Adrian was not going to budge from his position of nondisclosure.
Roland released his grip on Adrians shoulder.  I must go now.  He looked at Adrian for a long time then said.  Adrian, in light of all that I have just said this may seem strange, but it is the truth and I intended to tell it to you before I ever stepped in this room.  Adrian waited in silence.  What you did was admirable in your fealty to the prince.  I think everyone agrees on that.  I am greatly proud of you.
Adrian could only look at his father, unblinking.  He finally gave a half-hearted smile.  Thank you.
Your welcome.  Roland expression changed.  You see, sometimes it is good to be stubbornly loyal to a person of whom you esteem, at other times it is very, very detrimental.  His face was stern and Adrian caught his meaning.  Roland stepped away to go.  Goodbye son, I will try to come and see you as often as possible.
Goodbye father.
Roland left and Adrian laid there, his mind racing with thoughts.  So his father knew!  At least he had guessed at his motive for wagering to fight to the death.  Oh, well!  He was not going to talk about it and that was that.  He laid his head back and within a few minutes he was asleep.
~

I am here with my uncle.  Salina explained her chance meeting with Adrian in the tavern.  He owns much land and has invested in taverns here in the city; The Raven is one of them.
I see.  Adrian mused over this for a few moments.  What is your uncles name?
Trevor Delton.  He is originally from the wetlands by the Lindsey Moor, but came into favor somehow with a noble and when the noble died, without an heir, he was the recipient of the entire estate.  Since then he has, being a shrewd man, expanded his borders by fair and legal means.  Uncle Delton has quite a lot of money.  He inherited a title as well, but refuses to be called by that name, for he says he was not born to it, neither does it fit him; he is just a common man who is greatly fortunate, which is something that he does not want to forget lest, he says, . . . I call the humbling wrath of the Almighty upon my proud ways.  Salina paused and looked at Adrian.  I do not want to be bothering you with all of this family chatter.  If you dont want to hear it just say the word.
Salina, anything from your lips would be as sweet as honey.  Adrian meant what he said, but did not mean it to have a double meaning, which he realized it did a split second later.  He maintained a straight face and hoped that Salina would discern his real meaning concerning her words and ignore the other.  Salina just stared at him, unblinking, her blue eyes twitching only slightly as they focused upon one and then the other of Adrians eyes, as if seeking his words meaning there.  Finally, she spoke.
Is honey sweeter when it is taken or when it is given?  Came her soft, almost silent reply.
Adrian had to still his heart and arrest the flush that was creeping up from his stomach into his chest and would soon appear on his neck and face.  He chose his words carefully.
Honey is sweetest only when one is between hunger and being filled.  When desire is mingled with need, only then can the taster savor both its properties of sweetness and also its strength.
At this Salina arched her eyebrows and seemed to be processing the words of this, her object of admiration.  Must we unravel the mysteries of sweetness to the point where it is spread upon the table so thinly that none may ever enjoy it for what it is, but must seek to bring it back together piece by piece that a remnant of what was, might be known?
We must if that is what is necessary.
I see.  Salina understood and looked slightly dejected, though not surprised.  I will believe then that you are not hungry, nor are you needful?  She watched Adrians face at her words.  She expected him to try and deflect her words with his own, but he did not.  
Salina, hunger is conditional.  One does not hunger in the presence of great mental preoccupation, in such states as grief; it is something that does not come to the mind except when necessity demands it upon these occasions.  Adrian was quiet for some time then continued.  As for being needful are not we all?  Yet is something as rich as honey that which we must fill our bellies with while they are starved?  Would it not cause more damage and this much longer than we were able to savor its sweetness?
Is suppose that it could, but what if ones belly is not entirely empty?  Would it cause so great a disturbance then?
It would seem that it would not, but how can one know?
We cannot weigh everything upon the future.  One never knows the future.
Yes, but one can foresee the effects of actions by the laws and principles of nature.
Salina sighed deeply a small, sad smile upon her lips.
Adrian, what is it about you?  Who are you?  From the lips of a scholar or another woman I would expect such a flow of words, but from a man such as yourself?  She looked at him all the more admirably for this rather than disdaining him for his ability of quick mind and tongue.  He only shrugged unsure of what to say in reply.  One thing more I ask of you, Adrian.  When one knows the time of sweetness and possesses knowledge of where to find it, is one willing to endure the small stings of it producers to take of it at his leisure?
Adrian chose his words carefully again.  I would believe so.  Though there is a way to put the little creatures to sleep that they produce no stings to one, and that they may only taste of sweetness.
This you know how to do?  She asked, looking at Adrian through half open eyes while her head tilted to one side.
Having never done it, I cannot speak from experience, but I do possess confidence in my ability to do that which must needs be done at such a time.  He could barely contain his beating heart at the sight of beautiful Salina, there his for the asking, or now his for the taking; whichever he chose.  Only he could not, that he knew.  He could not deny those things which he had been taught as a young man being trained for knighthood, nor could he deny the memory of Victoria Marie.  Nevertheless, there was Salina, ever so beautiful, ever so caring, ever so near . . . yet he could not.
Salinas lips parted as if to say something else, but thought better of it, maybe remembered her promise to ask only one more question, which she had just breached already.  She waited a few more seconds to gauge Adrians resolve and then went on in her story of her family as if there had been no interruption.
Uncle Delton has become wealthy and since has taken care of the less fortunate of the family by employing them in his estate.  This has worked very well of late and somehow he has become even wealthier than before.  That is why he purchased several taverns in the city.  He wanted to put his wealth to use.  Adrian chuckled at this, he could have thought of better ways to put money to use, but every man to his own.  Salina looked at him puzzled at his quiet laughter, but ignored it and went on.  That is why I am here.  That is why you met me that night.  Uncle Delton has been making rounds of the pubs to assess their conditions and what not; we just came to The Raven that evening.  What a surprise was in the making for us all.
Indeed.  Adrian agreed.
Adrian. . .  Salina spoke quietly, in a tone of hushed confidence.  Adrian waited intently.  Forgive me for saying so, but the first second I laid eyes on you I was struck by lightning!  There was something about you, about your carriage I suppose though that is not really it, I still cannot explain, but it was like an instant recognition of a man that I could admire.  Please dont think me forward, though I know that may be what I am.  I dont want you to think ill of me, but I know that I cannot hide the true person that I am forever behind what I believe you would desire to see out of me.  I will just be who I am and let you make the decision as to whether or not . . .
Salina!  Adrian interrupted.  You are much too worried about it.  Please dont labor over such details, indeed just be what you are.
Thank you Adrian.  She sincerely meant it.  From that night I have thought of you countless hundreds of times and now it is almost unreal to find myself here tending to you once again.  I ask for nothing more than this.
How can this be?  You do not know me for what I am?
A woman has a sense of what a man is sometimes before she knows.  How else can she safely conduct herself through this life with minimal tragedies?  She must be able to look at a man and ascertain whether she can trust him, whether he is trustworthy.  That happens in the first few minutes of their acquaintance.
This struck Adrian with a wave of pain.  He thought of Victoria Marie.  Salina, what if a woman trusts a man who is not trustworthy?  Is she guilty or is it the man?
She pondered this then spoke.  If a woman knows what is right, she can never trust such a man unless she first excuses it; changing the meaning of what is right until it no longer fits her circumstances so that she might comfortably deny it!
At this Adrian closed his eyes until the wave of nausea passed.  So she had always known?  She did it willingly!  Why?  How could she do that?  Was he not, as Salina said, a man that was trustworthy?  Yet, she turned away from him to Chavelle, a man wicked and evil.  He could hardly bear to think of it and was glad when Salina interrupted his thoughts.
There is one thing about women that you must understand Adrian.  It is hard to explain and might sound like a simple, inadequate excuse.  Though a woman may know right from wrong when she sets out, if she treads too far, even a small distance, in the direction of what is not right, but what she wants and needs, then the distinction becomes hazy.  Eventually, she can no longer discern the difference entirely, but is overwhelmed and consumed with her needs and emotions to the point that she struggles even with the fact that it was never wrong.  Salina sighed.  I am sorry, but I dont know how else to explain it.
I think that I understand what you are saying.  Adrian said quietly.  Indeed he did understand what she was saying, but did not understand how it could be true.  It did sound like an insufficient and convenient excuse for someone to simply do what they wanted to.  What about men?  He asked rather suddenly.
I dont know.  Why dont you tell me?  Salina did not want to fall into that trap.
Men either do what they know is right, or they deny it, knowing that what they do is wrong.  This determines their character.  They are either trustworthy or they are not.  No excuse, no need, no emotion is sufficient to justify him from his duties and he knows this in his heart of hearts.  When he denies what is right, he is making a conscious decision to become that kind of man.  He has no one else to blame, but himself and his weakness as a man and a bastion of the principles of manhood.  So it stands, it will never change.  Adrian was a bit passionate in his statement and it took Salina a while to work the nerve up for a reply.
It makes my words sound like a lame excuse doesnt it?  She finally said.
In all honesty, yes.  His voice was low and tender, but still it cut deep into Salina.
Do you believe them?  She asked afraid of his answer.
I understand how it could be that way, but still I do not believe it is excusable.
That is not what I asked.  Her face was now flushed and she looked as though tears would come to her eyes, which indeed they did.  I asked if you believed me.
Salina.  Adrian sighed.  I . . . dont know.  He looked down at his hand and toyed with the edge of his sheets for some time and then looked up to her.  Her eyes were filled with tears.  I want to, but if I believe it, will it affect my judgment of right and wrong?
I dont know.  She did not mean to mimic his reply, but that was all that she could say.  Are you the kind of man who changes his judgment to suit others weaknesses?
That is not fair!  You know that.  Of course not, but if I excuse it in others will it not be likely that when my crisis comes I will excuse it in myself?  Do you not see that?
I see it, but are you a woman, that you would do as a woman does?  She pushed back her tears only with this, her anger.
A foolish question, Salina.  Please do not be angry because I speak my mind.  You know that I am not a woman, but I am just as human as one.  I breath just as deeply, my heart beats just a rapidly as it yearns for love, my mind asks some of the same questions as does hers.  It is not his physique that makes a man a man, but it is what he does that makes him a man!  When his heart is hungry, how does he feed it?  When he is afraid what does he do?  When his soul is lonely, how does he console it?  That is what makes a man?  Not stronger arms and more powerful legs, but the ability to stand alone and face the world on the pedestal of what he knows and believes is right and he fights off everything that threatens to weaken his position.  That proves that he believes he is right!  This he should not do in ignorance, as most men do, but he must choose his positions carefully with much aforethought and consultation of wisdom.  That is a man!
Salina was speechless!  She had never been the second runner in an argument, but now found herself far, far behind in the race.  What could she say?  Nothing!  She felt her stubbornness rise up within her heart.  He was not going to get the best of her!  Yet, he was right!  AAhhh!  He makes me mad!  She thought as she clenched her fist.  Then she realized there was another alternative.  She could assent to his words and simply admit that he was right.  After some thought that was her decision.
Adrian, you are right in all that you say.  I am sorry for resisting you so.  
Salina, I did not mean to be forceful.  I care not for who is right between ourselves.  I only care that I am right with myself.  Whether I prove you wrong or not, it does not help me, if I myself am already wrong, it actually hinders my progress toward truth.  I only care that when I am alone, with none but myself to argue with, that I am right.
She shook her head at this and a splendid smile spread itself across her face.  Now I know why I admired you from the first time that I laid my eyes on you.
Adrian flushed and brushed her words away with a wave of his hand.
When must you be back to your uncle?  He asked.
He is going to send two of his servants to me just before dark and then I will have to go.  Tomorrow I will return, should you so wish it.  It is what I have been doing now since you were brought here from the tournament.
Bless you.  Adrian took her hand and pressed it lightly.  I dont know why you are doing this, but I am grateful for it.
So you enjoy my company?  She took hold of his hand and would not let him draw it back.
I would lie if I said that I did not.  Adrian looked into her eyes and felt himself begin to be immersed in their oceans depth of radiant blue.  I enjoy it very much Salina, very much indeed.
She leaned forward and a number of strands of her hair fell upon his hand and hers, sending a current from there to explode in Adrians brain.  He could feel her closeness, her warmth, and smell the pleasant odor of her person.  He began to breathe rapidly.
Adrian.  She said slowly, letting the word roll off her tongue and lips with obvious pleasure.  What if the sweetness of honey is both desired and needed by another?  May they take it, or will it be given to them?  She moved closer to him, now standing over him.  She released his hand only to put it to his face, where she caressed his cheek.  Thunder was pounding in Adrians heart and his brain was crashing its echoes.  He could not catch his breath, for every time he breathed his lungs filled with the presence of Salina and they wanted more, thus exhaling to take in more, before he was able to use the air which he just had breathed in.  He wanted nothing more than to pull her to him, but he willed every muscle to remain where it was.  He could not!  The honey pot is the most handsome that I have ever seen.  Salina continued on still caressing his face and now his neck.
Salina . . . Adrian croaked out, his throat suddenly now dry.
Shhh!  Dont speak Adrian, except to answer my question.  She pressed her other hand to his lips and then let is slide down to his chin, which she then held in her cupped hand.  Will it be given, or shall I take it?  She moved her face downward until it was merely three inches from his, her lips there full, and even with his.
Somehow Adrian found his voice.  Given.  He spoke in a husky voice and then he closed his eyes as he leaned toward her, his right arm reached up encircling her neck.
Salina closed her eyes also, and awaited the soft crushing of their lips, that would be as two great ocean waves crashing together for power and passion.
They both jumped back at the same instant when they heard the scraping of a shoe just outside of the door.  There were not inches apart, but only a few feet when they turned to see Prince Henry standing framed in the doorway a great smile spread across his face.
I am sorry for interrupting in the patients care.  I will come back if necessary I am sure that there are things that need to be administered for his wellbeing.  He laughed and his eyes twinkled at them both.
Salina stood full upright and pushed her hair quickly back over her shoulder.  Not necessary, Sire, I will leave.
Nonsense, I can wait and return.
I insist you come in.  Adrian spoke up.
Yes, Sire.  She turned to Adrian.  I must get ready to go anyhow.  
Of course.  He pressed her hand once more, unseen by the prince and she smiled then and turned away, going out of the room.
The prince sat down with a laugh and looked at Adrian with that same twinkle in his eye.  Quite a beautiful nurse maid you have there Adrian, if you did not notice.  Again he laughed as Adrians face flushed full red.  She seems to have strong medicine for you look very flushed and healthy just now.  Adrian flushed even more to the princes great pleasure and mirth.
Salina, now going down the hall to the anteroom heard the princes laughter and blushed herself.


Chapter XXVI

Sweat was running down Johanns face like water off the brim of an overfilled cup.  He finally fell back from Isaac and threw up his arms in resignation.  Man . . . He struggled to regain his breath.  No . . . more. . . I must rest.  He managed to speak between great heaves of his chest.  Isaac put his sword away and went over to the older man.  
Johann, will you be alright?  He helped him to the wooden bench nearby that had been built for this very thing  respite from the weary training, and sat down heavily.
I am not so sure about all of this.  I am not as young as I used to be.  It is a question of my physical ability, if this frame will even hold up to such torture.
Johann, take heart.  You have only been training for two weeks; you are just not conditioned to the rigors and exercises.  Once you begin to build the right muscles for such movements it will come much easier.
If I dont die first!  Johan seemed almost serious in this statement.
Now, what did you say to me when we were laying stone for the new wall when I said the same thing?  Isaac sat down beside him.
Yes, indeed it did seem laughable then.  Johan reflected briefly and then chuckled to himself.  I believe that I was as skeptical of your premature death due to overexertion as you are even now at mine.
Exactly.  Isaac stood.  I am going to go and refill our water bag, we are not finished yet.
Johann groaned at this, but nevertheless was happy to have the water bag refilled.
Isaac strode over to the well where there were several others gathered around waiting their turn to lower the bucket and bring up the clear, cold water from below.  After many long minutes his turn came.  As he lowered the bucket down Baron Godfrey walked over to him from a group of men.
Isaac, how are you and Johann faring?
Quite well, I believe, but Johann thinks that he might die before he learns to use a sword.
Godfrey chuckled at this.  I am sure that he does not feel much up to the task.  He has never fought before, it takes a bit of getting used to.
Indeed, Milord.
What I wanted to ask you Isaac was whether you would be willing to make an important journey for me?
Isaac finished pulling the bucket up and set it on the edge of the well.  Certainly, Milord, where must I go?
That I will discuss with you tonight, first I must have the commitment.  Baron Godfrey looked at Isaac sternly, not in an angry fashion, but just enough to convey the significance of the situation.
Yes, Milord.
Fine then, finish with Johann and after the evening meal I want you to meet with me in my quarters.
Very well, Baron.
You better get that water to Johann before he dries up like a raisin.
Isaac poured the bag full and then took it over to Johann.  
~
They finished training and Isaac went to wash in the stream nearby before going to find his supper.  On his way to the stream he was reminded of the things that so drastically and with such devastation had changed his life, and the lives of all the men with Baron Godfrey, minus the newly employed workers.
He had to pass by the stable that was hidden away within the trees, the very one that had served to save his life.  He stopped and glanced in momentarily, and then finally went on to the stream.
~
Their supper was good, but Isaac could hardly taste it in his anticipation of the meeting with the Baron within the next thirty minutes.  He did not know what it was about, but understood that it must be very important.
~
The castle was nearly entirely refurbished in the few short weeks of labor, not with all of its previous furniture, but certainly a similitude of operability.  The fire had gutted some parts of the castle completely, but the stone only suffered a blackened aspect, it being impervious to such flame and heat.  Though this was the case in many places the mortar had shrunk from the heat and had to be replaced, as well as loosened stones put back into proper position.
Isaac surveyed the handiwork of their efforts as he made his way to the Barons quarters.  Up the stairs and to the long hallway, which overlooked the courtyard on one end, he walked briskly.  After pausing to look down on the courtyard twelve feet below he turned and went down the hall that ran half the length the castle.  At the end of the hall he turned to the left and walked to the great door that stood at this halls end.  There were two servants standing at the door, both armed with halberds.
Your pardon sirs, I am here to see the Baron.
Yes, Isaac, he said that you would be here after supper, he said to enter as soon as you arrived.
Isaac thanked them and pushed open the large, heavy door.  It was a large room in which the baron conducted most of his business, as he had in the past.  The room was L shaped with the leg being to the right and extending in the opposite direction of the door through which he had just entered.  His sleeping quarters were to the north side and there was a great, double-sided, fireplace that heated both rooms in the winter.  A doorway opened up onto a balcony of sorts that looked out to the west.  This is where Godfrey was when Isaac came in.
The heavy drapes that served to cover the archway onto the balcony were parted as soon as Isaac had shut the door behind him, allowing the vivid orange and red hue of the setting sun to find its way in the room.  The baron stepped just inside and motioned for Isaac to follow him back outside again.
The midsummer air was pleasant and most enjoyable Isaac reflected as he stood beside the baron and looked at out toward the castle walls and down below.  There his fellows were milling about, their laughter and heckling drifted up to Isaac in wordless echoes.  Men were settling in for the evening and were ready to either go to the small store of wine that was brought back with them or simply be satisfied to converse, passing the time in relaxation and recuperation from the day just past of arduous training.
There they stood for several minutes both taking in the sight of life below and then to the fiery sunset that was casting its flames of intense natural wonder upon the western sky, the few dispersed clouds above, and the surrounding terrain.
Finally, Baron Godfrey spoke.
Isaac, I have been wrestling with a problem in my mind for some weeks now and I feel as though I have arrived at a solution.  Isaac waited, listening intently and respectfully.  Before I can tell you the solution that I have placed my hopes upon, let me speak of the problem.
Without doubt you know of its beginnings, for you were there in the beginning; the sacking, murdering, and theft of our livelihood. . . Isaac, The baron turned toward him and faced him with a look of . . . not fear, but a certain unveiling of the inner pain and torment, and yes . . . maybe some fear which lived within him, but having never been shown to any man of them heretofore.  Isaac was shocked by what he now saw, but hoped that his face did not reveal his thoughts.  This may or may not come as a shock to you, but I have a sense of something.  A sense of urgency, of paramount relevance, but I am not sure exactly what to attribute it to.  I cannot quite put my finger on the source of the destination the purpose behind such a feeling.  Baron Godfrey looked at Isaac intently to assure himself that he understood and was following his words, and then continued.  I am not sure how to say this . . . but I am afraid.  Not in the degree of senseless fear, but I feel danger approaching.  It is not that I fear to face it, but I fear that I may not be in time; that I may not be capable of its defeat at my hands.  Godfrey turned away in frustration; he was not getting his point across as he wished!  Isaac, do you understand what I am saying or is it merely an aging mans babbling?
Isaac cleared his throat.  Let me see if I can convey what my understanding tells me.  Milord, I perceive that you are a man in all respects honorable and fearless, yet you are not one who is, shall I say afraid, to acknowledge and respect danger in its measure deserving.  This being true, you sense a danger, acknowledge it as worthy of respect, feel compelled to respond, but are not quite sure of yourself nor your actions.  Isaac paused to see if he was correct thus far.
Excellent!  You do understand me.  Godfrey walked to the edge of the balcony and then began to pace back and forth in silence for several minutes.  He suddenly stopped and looked at Isaac again.  Do tell me Isaac, what is this danger that I have felt and judged worthy of attention?
Milord, I believe it is readily obvious on one hand, it seems rather mysterious to me on the other.  Though we all are concerned with the safety of our loved ones, our women, and not a day ends without many thoughts and worries circulating endlessly in the minds of the men, and though I believe you find yourself in this condition also, I can sense that what you are feeling supersedes that.  It is not just your natural feelings of fear and concern, but almost as if it were a sign of something impending, something beyond your natural self.  I can see it on your face, if you pardon me; it is not you that speaks now.  You are burdened with a warning from God.
The baron stared at him for several long seconds and then turned to the sun, now almost gone over the horizon.  You are right, more than you know.  I needed to confirm what you just said with someone else than my own mind.  It is Genevieve, Isaac.  I feel as though something must be done now.  I dont understand why altogether.  I was already resolved to suffer the anger and trouble of whatever treatment she had been subjected to while taken away from me.  I was already resolved to go on and consider our planned reunion reward enough without allowing the event that so reeled our lives to interfere in the continuation of the living of them, but I cannot.  This weight in my heart will not let me.  He turned to Isaac.  Something must be done, immediately!
Isaac felt the words sink in and slowly trickle their way into his mind.  He understood the urgency of the situation, but he did not feel as though the men were ready.  They could not leave as they were.  Besides, they did not even know where they were to go.  He did not agree with the baron, but was not about to say a word.
Here is the solution, Isaac!  We cannot leave as we are, but I can send a small, very small, band of men to seek out Genevieve and the others.  I want you to lead them.
~
Isaac simply stared at the Baron his mind working feverishly to assimilate this new information and bring it to current application.  He could see the point, but not the vision.  I, lead them?  His mind was trying to find a place for this, but all he could find was that he was not capable.  He said this to the Baron.
Nay, quite the contrary, Isaac, I have had a dream for the past four nights and every time I see you riding with Genevieve beside you.  I dont remember anything else but that.  I believe it is a sign from Heaven and I shall act upon it as such.
Isaac did not want to doubt, but still he felt inadequate.  He supposed that he should be honored and filled with manly confidence at this opportunity, but he felt such a burden of responsibility that he could not think of anything else.  Nevertheless, he knew that he must agree and have faith in the Barons decision.  
If Milord is assured from Heaven of such a thing how can I refuse your request?  I certainly am honored to be chosen to such a thing.
I am overjoyed that you have consented.  There is one more thing that we must do before you start out.  Isaac waited to hear what it was.  The bishop from Dornbirn is coming tonight.  I want you and the other men to sleep in the chapel after he prays over you.
The other men?  You have already spoken with them?
Somewhat.  They are not sure of what I have planned, but I have received a commitment from them for whatever task I put upon them.
How many will there be altogether?
Four, counting yourself.  I will give you the details of what I have planned.  I will have them called.  The baron went to the door and rang for a servant.  He gave him the four names and the servant scampered off with haste.
Milord?  Isaac spoke after Godfrey had returned.
Yes?
How soon are we to leave?  Isaac was trying to think of all of the preparations that he must make.  Those that he must speak with, instruct in duties, and other various things that he figured would take up to a weeks time.  He was not at all prepared for the answer.
You will leave in the morning, at first light.
~

The evening was pleasant as Genevieve sat upon the wicker chair in the garden; with her were two others of the women that had been taken in the raid.  They had sat thus almost every evening for the last three weeks since the death of Nadine.  The other women were either occupied otherwise and some had been taken never to be heard from again.  Genevieve was thankful that they three were allowed to be together so much of the time.
Milady, it seems different tonight.  One of the women spoke up after a lengthy silence.
It does at that, but what is it I wonder?  Genevieve had been noticing a certain sense of uneasiness in herself, but did not know that anyone else felt the same way.  She decided to see what the others described to better gauge her own feelings.  She knew that if she expressed what it was that she felt that certainly the others would not stray too far from agreeing lest they offend her.
I am not sure, but I almost feel as though we are being watched as if we are seen, but no with physical eyes.  If I might say so, it makes me feel as though I am in danger and safe at the same time.  The other woman agreed with this.
That was exactly how Genevieve felt!  It was the eyes of evil and the eyes of good that watched them just now.  Each awaited something, but what?  She shuddered and the other noticed it.  It was not cold, quite the contrary.  The summer evening was the perfect temperature.
Milady feels them also, watching.  An uneasy smile came across the younger womans face.
I do Davila; they are peering into our futures.
~

Indeed those eyes were there staring, waiting for the outcome of their two counterparts.  Evil and good were in a race against time and the spectators of either side were anxiously anticipating the outcome.  What Genevieve felt was more real than she would have ever guessed, but she would never know that until it was too late to influence or alter the course of events which were now rushing upon her.  It was a race from opposite sides for a trophy that waited in the middle of the stretch.  The eyes watched the progress of either side and waited for the final result of the dash for entitlement.
~

Isaac opened his eyes too stare up into the darkened heights of the ceiling and was instantly awake.  All was still and yet wrapped in the nights darkness, but for the few glowing candles which were burning for them and their safety on their covert mission.  He had heard something, but now could hear nothing!  He listened carefully; still nothing came to his ears, but the slow, even breathing of his three companions sleeping.  He turned his head slowly to look from side to side, but saw no movement of shadow, of figure, or of light.
They had prepared their few supplies and personal belongings needed for the journey, counseled with the baron until near midnight, and then at the arrival of the bishop they had went to the chapel.  There they had prayer and were anointed with oil and holy water for the protection of God to go with them. After a short blessing from the bishop they had rolled out their pallets and went to sleep.
They could not have slept long, but Isaac knew that daybreak was near in coming.  He was just about ready to throw back his blankets when he heard the sound again.  It was that of someone silently creeping down a side aisle toward the front of the chapel!  The sound stopped.  After a few seconds of holding his breath he could hear a sliding of steel on leather.  Someone had drawn a dagger!  Instantly his heart began to pound and he felt for his own short blade.  His fingers found it and they wrapped themselves around the hilt.  He withdrew it from its own scabbard, but did not take it from beneath the blankets.  He waited for the sound to begin anew which it did after another long pause.  Whoever it was now crawled along the stone floor.  He slowly rolled his head to face the direction and tried to determine where the intruder would emerge from the shadows.  There was one man between him and the source of the sound, but he felt confident that he could still reach whoever it was before any harm was done.  He slid his legs up beneath him slightly and prepared to throw his blankets off, leap to his feet and confront the stealthy prowler.
The men went right on with their heavy breathing and oblivious to the pounding heart of Isaac now at the danger that lurked just on the other side of the rough wooden bench of the front row.  Suddenly, it grew deadly quiet.  It almost seemed that the mens breathing slowed or at least ceased to be so heavy.  The man who waited beyond Isaacs vision had terminated his movement and all was still.
Who is it?  Isaac wondered.  Who would be creeping about in the chapel at this time of night?  It made no sense.  There was nothing to steal and even if there was employ by the baron did not encourage stealing; he paid the hired men very well, none of the others would even think to do such a thing.  Could it be the bishop?  Maybe he had returned here from his lodgings for something that he had forgotten and wished to retrieve it without waking them.  Possible, but he was sure that he had heard the sound of a short blade being drawn.  It couldnt be the bishop such a man was not prone to murder or thievery.  Someone from the village that had followed the bishop, or one of his servants?  The more he thought of it the more unsure that he was.  It didnt really matter at this point; Isaac knew that whoever it was meant ill and that was enough.
Sounds resumed from the other side of the bench now.  Isaac feigned that his eyes were closed, but in reality they were looking through narrowed slits and riveted upon the place, waiting for the man to emerge.  It went quiet again and Isaac waited . . . nothing.  This puzzled him at first and then fear started its pounding in his temples.  What was going on?  He asked himself.  Something was wrong!  
He was not sure what made him do it, maybe some primeval instinct, or it could have been a nearly undetectable sound, nevertheless it was something.  He swiftly jerked his head around to face the opposite direction of where he had just been watching and was terrified by what met his eyes!
There stooping over one of his fellows was a figure of a man in a heavy cloak, hooded, and holding a knife above the sleeping man ready to plunge it down in silence into his chest.
Isaac let out a beastly roar as he leapt to his feet with the speed of lightening. He jumped over other man and with the velocity of a tiger pounce and struck out with his knife at the clandestine murder.  Just as the blade reach his back the other man wheeled about and dropped his one arm low and with the other hand deflected Isaacs dagger upward and away from his body, barely missing his own face in the process.  Like a stinging asp the hooded figures own dagger struck out toward Isaacs throat.
Isaac was too shocked to scream even though he knew that he was going to die.  He would have screamed if he would have been capable.  If he was going to die he wanted to know who it was that was killing him so that he might be able to pursue him should they both fall into Hades or condemn him in the judgment of the Almighty should he make it to Paradise.
Both of his hands shot out and grasped the hood of the man and pulled it back from his head.  What Isaac saw made him gasp out of utter surprise and horror!  What was the meaning of this?  As the gasp left Isaacs lips the blade stopped short of plunging into his windpipe, and was lowered as the two men stood there staring at one another.  The man that Isaac now looked at was none other than Baron Godfrey!
~
All the men were up by now and stood around looking on and listening with Isaac as Godfrey grilled him for his pathetic performance, or at least that is the way that Godfrey made it sound.
The second thing that you did wrong was to expect the enemy to be predictable.  Godfrey chided as he paced back and forth.  The third was that you let your enemy know of your attack, never let him know.  He stopped pacing and looked at Isaac, seemingly finished.
Milord, if I may say a word in my defense.  Godfrey only stood there, not consenting nor expressing refusal so Isaac continued.  I was crying out to distract you from killing the man who was lying on the ground.
Godfrey only grunted at this and then spoke harshly. That is a convenient excuse that I am sure you thought of as I was reprimanding you just now, unless I miss my guess.
Isaac thought that over and was angered by the suggestion that he was being dishonest; besides what was the point of this whole thing?  He was growing angry with the baron; something that he had never done before.
Are you saying that I am being less than frank with you?  He spoke in an incensed tone.
That I am.  You cried out not in wisdom of battle strategy, but desperation of fear.  To say otherwise would not be true.  Godfrey sighed.  Listen to me Isaac.  I am only confirming that I have made a wise decision in choosing you.  Though I have criticized you violently you are actually deserving of a commendation.  You were awake, you did hear me, and you did prevent that death of one of those in your charge.  I have found some minor faults in your actions and purposely overplayed their possible consequences that I might impress on you the importance of your perfect performance in the near future.  The next man will not withhold his blade from your throat should he get it as close as I got mine.  Godfrey looked at Isaacs puzzled expression and allowed his own to soften.  Isaac, you must be more careful than you have ever been in your life, everything depends on it!  Godfrey finished as he put his hand on Isaacs shoulder.
Yes, Milord.  Isaac could see the point of the baron now, but was still somewhat insulted by the entire ordeal as well as ashamed at the errors that Godfrey had pointed out.  I will not let it happen again.
~
The baron embraced them one by one as they prepared to mount their horses as the faint rays of sunlight danced upon the horizon, dispelling the blackness into grey and then into a faint glow of morning.  He had tears in his eyes.  He came to Isaac and pulled him away from the others.  
Isaac, I feel as though you are my own son and I am coming to love you more with each day.  I have the utmost trust in your abilities, but I must tell you something.  Here he paused and looked away brushing the tears from his eyes.  His voice grew quieter.  I had another dream last night before I came to you.  It was a dream of fear and I couldnt sleep until I disproved it; that is why I came to you in the chapel.  Isaac, I fear the other three will not return; I believe they will be killed, please watch out for them with your greatest concern.
They bid one another goodbye and then mounted their horses and walked them to the edge of the wood.  There they stood and turned around, barely making out the figure of Baron Godfrey silently and slowly saluting their departure.  They raised their hands in return, and then turned their horses and rode into the woods disappearing in the darkness of the overhanging branches.  The barons heart went with them.


Book Three:  Honor Satisfied

Chapter XXVII

Life is a strange thing.  One does decide neither when he shall enter it nor when he shall leave it.  Yet, it is ones choice what he does with it in-between the two greatly significant entries in the log of his existence.  It is ones choice to live life.  This he may do in whatever manner he so decides, but rarely, if ever, does he plan for that which life is truly constituted.  It is the unforeseen, the unpredictable, the unexpected, which truly contribute to life.  For if we were to have it in the exact manner of our expectations it would swiftly become dull and we would be dissatisfied with it.  So it is with daydreaming and fantasy.  When we see the realization of a daydream or fantasy before us, when we experience the glory that we only hoped to have, it is reduced in its luster by our actual participation.  It is usually more difficult to sustain a reality in all of its proportions and dimensions than it is a daydream.  Sometimes it is better to just dream.  Yet, the expectations of life provide us with comfort, hope, and a sense of safety.  It is when these are not met that we feel uncomfortable, hopeless, and feel that mocking edge of fear creep into our thinking.  We then rethink our perspective, readjust our expectations, renew our hope, relive our failure to see what went wrong, and try to find the answer; all that we might try again.
And so it was with Adrian.  How many things may live within a persons heart?  How many thoughts may fly within his mind before there is a place of breaking down?  It is on the edge of this precipice that one is most vulnerable to anothers exercised or extension of will.  This outside force can greatly influence a person in such a state of disorganization, reorganization, and introspection.  Thus it was with Adrian.
~
Never again. Adrian thought to himself as he relived the moment of incalculable exhilaration that he had spent with Salina.  I was so close to wrong, so close.  That which I was angry at Victoria for was almost my moral crime and sin.  This thought caused Adrian to shudder.  Suddenly, he began to rethink his position concerning Victoria Marie.  To him is seemed so wrong, so hurtful, so sinful, when she was involved, and indeed it was . . . but when he was there . . . Adrian felt his face blush.  It was not that one kiss would have been an irrevocable wrong, a sin without remedy, but he knew that it was more than a kiss that was burning in his heart, and that was what made him blush.  He came to the realization of how easy it was to make such a mistake that Victoria had made, yet, even with this new light of perspective he still could not excuse his own actions, nor hers.  Besides, this was something that had happened over a period of time, not one isolated circumstance as was his.
He shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts, but it was somewhat too late.  There was Victoria again, her eyes looking into his, her face slightly rosy from the joy of seeing him, that smile of happiness upon her face, her lips were parted into that grateful expression of contentment, it was her as real as though she were still alive.  
The vision became blurred through the tears that came into Adrians eyes, and then finally gave way to the reflection of the sky in the small pool which he had passed by as he walked in the courtyard.  Gone!  The faade, the cruel mirage of his breaking heart.  Gone!  The life that he held dear and the heart that he loved.  Victoria . . . gone!  He slammed his fist down on the ledge of the fountain basin, causing the skys reflection to ripple into a distortion of blue, white, and sparkling reflections of sunlight.  He stamped his foot, wiped his eyes and spun around on his heel.
When he turned it seemed his heart stopped.  There was Salina, not fifteen feet away from him, sitting on a bench beneath the vibrant, heavenly scented lilac bush, shaded in its foliage.  He froze and just stared at her.  Neither spoke for some time and finally her gaze broke away, then she turned her head downward.
I am sorry.  I did not mean to intrude . . . Adrian held his hand up.
He began to pace back and forth along an imaginary pathway parallel to the bench, not straying any closer than when he first discovered her presence in the courtyard, only pacing.  Back and forth. Back and forth.
Adrian if you want me to leave . . . Again his hand went up signaling for her to hold her peace.  She was tempted to stand and walk away, but something held her to her seat.  Salina did not know what it was, whether it was that he had not dismissed her or simply her fascination with his strange ways.  Any other man, she thought, would have been by her side and partaking of what he had missed only three days before; the honey from the pot.  But Adrian . . . there was something about him that she could not pin down and so she waited.  He had struck the fountain mere seconds before he turned about and he had appeared to be wiping tears.  Why?  She did not know and she wanted to know the answer.
Back and forth and again and then he stopped opposite the distance that separated them and turned toward her.
Salina . . . He paused.
Yes.  She said in her sweetest and most disarming voice.
He stared at her and did not say a word.  She felt ill at ease.  Why had she acted so?  Why did she not just act as he was acting and not try to manipulate him, but be forthright?  Suddenly, she was frustrated with herself and even more frustrated that now she had started out wrong.
Salina . . . He took a deep breath.  Why did you come?
There it was, to the point!  Though she wanted to act hurt at his directness, indeed she tried, but she could not.  She simply looked at him as his question hung in the air.  He waited and growing impatient started to turn away.
To see you.  She blurted out.  There!  She had said it!  It was out, just as he had asked.  If he was not happy with the lack of tactfulness of her reply he would just have to be offended, his little pompous self!
If she expected for him to be offended she was extremely wrong indeed.  What she saw instead was a light of respect come into his eyes.
This I can work with.  Adrian thought to himself and began to walk toward her.
~
It was then that Salina saw the pain that was etched on his face, and he had been crying; his eyes were still red.  She wondered what was wrong.
~
He walked up to her, stopped, and smiled.  It was she that now felt disarmed.  How does he do that?  She wondered.  May I sit down?  He asked in a quiet voice, seemingly barely audible, yet rushing into Salinas mind with the force of a howling gale.  It was as though she could not hold on to her thought process, as it snapped and whipped in the force of the blasting wind, all in that quiet question.
She realized that he was staring at her as if awaiting something.  She had failed to say yea or nay.
Yes, please, I would be honored.  She finally was able to say.
He sat down.
It is a very nice afternoon, is it not?  He asked her, looking around at the greenery that surrounded them, cast in the brilliance and warmth of the sun.  It was indeed a lovely day!
Yes, it is.  It is so nice to sit here in the shade and enjoy it.  If I were home I would be working just now in this same sun.
Working?  Adrian glanced at her, trying to act interested, but not really, his mind was still milling over one thing.
Oh, you know doing laundry, and cleaning.  Those sorts of things.  She smiled pleasantly, flattered at his interest.
I see.  Was all that he said and stared at a bird that was sitting in a tree some distance away, twitching its head from side to side.
~
Salina looked up at Adrian.  He was not really interested; she could now tell that he was only trying to be polite.
Adrian?  She ventured into his unblinking concentration.
Yes?  He sounded absentminded.
Is there something wrong?  He did not reply and she thought that he had not heard her.  She was about to ask again when his face gave a tic, he turned his head and his eyes focused onto her face.
Salina, in life there is always some thing that is wrong.  He looked away.
She was not going to be put off that simple, she refused!
That is not what I meant and I do believe that you understand that.  She looked defiantly away herself.
Adrian ignored her comment and her gesture, not intentionally, but simply because he did not care for feminine games of exploitation of ones inability to stay focused on issues in the presence of feminine beauty.  Yes, she was beautiful, but he had something on his mind.
Why did you come to see me?  If she had hoped to avoid this subject, which she had, it was now before her again and she knew that it was not going to be sidestepped.  She sensed a determination in him that she was not equipped to deal with.  It was not that he was cruel or mean, but simply determined.  She thought about standing up and just leaving, but that would solve nothing other than make her appear childish and cause her to feel shame later.  She had better answer him.
Because. . . she sighed heavily.
Because? . . . because why?
Must you know?  Why do you have to ask?
I am not entirely sure, but yes, I must know.
Why?  She was feeling exasperated.  This only caused him to chuckle.
Why indeed!  Why can you not answer the question as it lies?
Why can you not leave my presence as it lies?  She countered, feeling slightly victorious at her prompt retort.
Adrian stood.  
If that is what you wish, I shall do as you ask.  Good day.
What! . . . she was confused.  Why was he leaving?  You are leaving?  Why?  Is something wrong?
That remains with you.  I do not know if anything is wrong.  I am only leaving because you asked me to.  His face was most serious though she searched it for some clue to his meaning.
I asked you to?
You did.
How?  When?  She was now nearly completely upset.  She had not asked him to leave!  That was the last thing that she wanted.
You did when you asked me, Why can you not leave my presence as it lies?  Then he burst out into laughter.
It took her a second before she understood.  Then she too laughed.  He sat back down to her relief.
So, you dont want me to leave then?  He asked, looking directly into her eyes.
After some effort of not just regaining her composure, but meeting this new directness and change of tone, she replied in sincerity.
No Adrian, I do not want you to leave my side.  It was not her intention for the latter, but it somehow spoke of what was in her heart.
Adrian pretended not to hear anything, but the reply that he had requested.
So that is why you came.  It was a statement, though it sounded like a question.
Why I came?  Then she understood.
Yes, you came because you do not want me to leave you.  He seemed to be looking into her soul and it was though he saw everything about her.  She was thunderstruck and did not know how to reply, so she didnt.
You dont have to answer, I already knew that you wouldnt.  He turned away.  Why?
Why what?
Why should you not want me to leave you, to forget about you?
~
Salina did not know what to say!  Was it not obvious?  Where had Adrian been all his life?  Was he so slow in coming to the realization that she was taken with him?  She could not believe her ears!  How could she answer this?
~
Adrian, She borrowed his tactic of overgeneralization, No one wants to be forgotten.
Yes, but we are speaking of someone, not no one.
Again she had to readjust her approach he was quick-witted.
Naturally, we are.
So, how does that apply to you and I?
She exhaled heavily.  Look, I wanted to see that you were getting on alright and that you didnt forget that it was I who nursed you day and night sometimes.
Adrian only looked at her.
What is it?  She asked.
Salina, do I look like I would ungratefully forget such a kindness?
That is not what I meant.
But that is what you said.
Yes, but. . .
Do you expect me to continually be compelled, nay, constrained to separate your words from your meaning?
I suppose not, but I do expect that you would not search the meaning out with such tenacity.
What have you got to hide?  He smiled fully, revealing his even, white teeth.
Now she was exasperated.
Nothing!
Yet, you still cannot answer the question I asked of you nigh a quarter an hour ago.  He arced his eyebrow to emphasize her subtle and meaningful negligence.
She could not believe his hound dog persistence!  Why could he not let it go?
He seemed to answer her thoughts.  Because I must win, that is why.  I must win.  His face took on a look of resolve.
Is that all that is important to you, winning?  She snapped at him.
Right now it is.  Her edged remark slipped off of his hide with no effect.
Is that why you called for a Death Match with Sir Chavelle de Chaumont.  As soon as the words were out of her mouth she eternally wished that she would never have said them, never have thought them!  She cursed herself for it inwardly.
Adrians face grew livid and he clenched his jaw.  His eyes began to pierce into hers and she was not able to sustain herself beneath the fire that flickered in them.  He stood to his feet, staring down at her and then began to pace once again.
She wanted to jump to her feet and run, but was frightened by what had seemed a fascination just minutes ago, his methodical pacing.  She did not move only stared at his feet as they lifted, descended, lifted, descended, over and over again and then they stopped just in front of her.  Her eyes lifted slowly up his body, slowing even more as they came closer to his face.  She did not want to look, but could not keep from looking.  She wanted to close her eyes from his fury, but forced herself to look up.
What she saw, shocked her.  Adrian was standing there, his anger gone and tenderness writ upon his face.  There were tears in his eyes and impulsively Salina wanted to reach up to brush them away, but did not.
Yes. He said quietly.  Partly.
She did not understand and her brow wrinkled.
You asked me about the tournament.  I am answering you duly in spite of the pain and anger it causes me.  That is what I believe in doing.  Something that you still have not done.
She could not take it any longer.  The whole scenario was not as she had dreamed it to be just that morning.  Everything was wrong, everything!  His persistence, her insincerity and evasive ways was not the afternoon that she had imagined.  Why was she even here in the first place?  She just wanted to leave.
Do you want to leave?  There he was, reading her mind again.
She burst into tears and buried her face in her hands, and put them both upon her knees.
Adrian knelt down beside her.  Salina.  I did not mean for you to cry.  He spoke soothingly.  
I am sorry.
Dont be sorry for the tears, that is partly my fault.
What about your tears, were they my fault?  She brought her head up swiftly.
Partly.
Why?
I will not answer that now.
When will you?  She wiped her eyes on her dress and looked up into his.
He smiled gently and then looked down at the back of his hands, turned them over and then replied.  I am not sure, but I do know that it will be some time after you answer mine.
Adrian, if you were a gentleman you would not ask me.  You would not persist.
The insult did not faze him.
If you were a lady you would not have come.  He stated flatly and his face grew very sober.
She was stunned!  Speechless!  Then with clarity, she realized that he was right.  That was why he had been asking her the question over and over.  Why had she come?  She did not even need to ask that question for she knew the answer.  It lay deep within her heart and soul.  That is what he was after the entire time!  She had come for him!  She wanted to resume from where they had been interrupted three days previous.  She wanted to feel his strong, manly embrace; she wanted to feel the crushing of his lips and his sigh of delight as he held her.  That was why she had come!  She would have never even admitted it to herself, but he had scented it and pursued it to the trails end.  Yet, she was perplexed in all this.  If he did know her intent then why hadnt he taken advantage of the opportunity?  Why hadnt he enfolded her in his arms and taken sweetness off of her lips?  Then she knew the answer . . . because he was a gentleman.  He was a man of honor.  She felt ashamed.  She stood to her feet and he stepped back.
You are going to answer?
You already know the answer and in knowing you understand that it would not be proper for me to tell you why I came.  Satisfied?  She looked up into his face, searching for redemption in his gaze.  It was there.
Satisfied.  He smiled and reaching down, took her hand.
Why do you take my hand now, after all of this?  She asked him.
Because, Joseph, I am only human, and I require a token of your presence to be with me.  It is all that I dare take, lest we come to mischief.  With that he knelt down on one knee and placed his lips softly upon her hand.  There.  He said, rising.  Let it serve as a token of honor between us.
She did indeed feel honored.  She had never known anyone as this young man.  She began to feel a deep respect for him.  She felt as though she herself were worthy of respect, for he had given it to her.  She felt like a lady.  She somehow felt honorable in his presence.
Salina, you must go.
You are right, I must.
When will I see you again?  Adrian asked her.
Do you want to see more of me?
It would be my pleasure.
When may I come?
Tomorrow evening, after supper is served.  There will be the princes household present and it will be safe for honor to be upheld between us then.
Very well then.  I shall be here if I may have leave of my Uncle Denton.
Till then, Salina.
Till then, Adrian.  She reached up and brushed his hand with her fingers.  Her eyes were desperate and pleading with him and she did not attempt to hide their meaning, for he already knew.  Are you sure Adrian?  She let her fingertips linger on the back of his hand a second longer.
I am.  Please go now.  He said softly, almost pleadingly.
Salina turned and walked out of the garden, a different person than she had ever been.  He watched her go, confident that he had done the honorable thing and then Adrian turned back to the pool and attempted to resurrect that image that he had seen, but to no avail.  There he fell down upon his knees, every muscle trembling from the release of constraint he had placed on them.  He placed his arms upon the edge of the basin and wept.  Victoria, Victoria!  What could have been!  There his tears fell and mingled with the pools reflection of a lovely face that he could not see, but only imagined was there beside him.
~
The next day offered many tasks for the now fully recovered Adrian.  Prince Henry was very busy with various things that Adrian did not know of their meaning.  His drinking was curtailed, but not entirely stopped.  His nights had been not in drunkenness, entirely, but in clandestine meetings of some sort.  Twice Adrian had overheard bits of a conversation in passing that he presumed to be in French, but was not sure, for he did not know French.  Adrian was, admittedly, curious, but kept his curiosity in check as best he could and refrained from prying.
That morning as he and Raleigh were called into the princes bedroom, where he sat in bed eating breakfast, still in his night garments, Adrian asked if Raleigh knew what it was about.
He said that he did, it was about the princes past several meetings with various personages.  Adrian asked if Raleigh had been in on the meetings, to which he replied he hadnt, but had asked the prince later about the men that had come.
You asked him?  Is not that a bit out of order?
I am not sure, but he did not seem too desperate to hide them from me.  I assumed that if he did not want me to know of their nature, that he would not have allowed me to know of their existence.
Rather presumptuous on your part.
Possibly, but he told me.
And?
Raleigh laughed.  So, you are not above asking yourself?
On the contrary, I am.  My action is different from your own.  I am only asking you because I know that if it is appropriate for you to know something as this, then it is surely such for one as myself.  Adrian said in a mocking tone of sophistication.
A bit presumptuous on your part, dont you think?  Raleigh borrowed Adrians words and used it for his own humor.
Certainly not, Squire.  Adrian returned.  It was one of the few times that they had even made reference to the tournament in any way.  Adrian felt that maybe Raleigh might take offense at his comment, and felt sorry for speaking it, but Raleigh laughed it off.
There you have me.  I suppose it would be my duty to report to you any findings that I, your squire, have come across.  They stopped and knocked on the door to the princes bedchamber.  All in all, you shall know soon enough, unless I am mistaken.
The door was swung open by a servant who respectfully stepped out of the way as Adrian and Raleigh walked in.
Come in, come in.  The prince spoke out jovially.  Pardon me for not getting up, but things seem more comfortable right where I am at.  The prince waved a hand towards two plush arm chairs set up beside his bed.  Between the two was a low table with steaming breakfast upon it; Adrian was glad to see this for he had not eaten yet that morning.  They sat and tea was poured for them by the servant who afterward was dismissed by the prince.
Adrian sipped his tea and waited for the prince to tell them his intent for the early morning meeting.
Prince Henry sat up in bed and situated the pillows so that he might in effect face the two.  He took a long drink from a goblet that was set by his bed, wiped his mouth, and cleared his throat.
Adrian and Raleigh, I want to talk to you about something.  It may not seem that important or applicable to you, but in due time it will be very much so.  Adrian, I am not sure if Raleigh has said anything to you or not, but I did fill him in on some of the details.  Raleigh and Adrian exchanged glances.  If the prince noticed he did not change his pace.  What they are concerning is . . . would you mind handing me that robe?  The prince pointed to a robe folded and sitting on the back of a chair.  Adrian jumped up and got it.  They both turned their heads while the prince slid out of bed and put it on.  Henry laughed at this.  Come now, you are not scared of a pair of hairy legs are you?  He laughed again.  They exchanged smirks and did not reply.  It was of course out of modesty and respect that they turned their head, not their fear of furry appendages.
As I was saying, Henry continued, now walking over to the window.  The meetings were with some friends of mine from France.  Raleigh having already known this was not disturbed at all, but Adrian was taken aback.  Look, Henry saw his reaction.  It was before your time.  My father began negotiations with France long before you came along.  There was talk of peace and there was talk of Catherine of Valois.  Henry paused at this and turned away from them to the window and looked out.  Silence drifted upon them for several minutes and neither stirred as Henry seemed to be gathering his thoughts concerning the matter.  Do either of you know who Catherine of Valois is?  He turned to face them.  They shook their heads.  
Catherine is the Daughter of Charles VI, the king of France.  He eyed them thoughtfully and then went on.  Some years ago, my father opened negotiations for our future marriage, but it has come to nothing of importance.  She was only a child of seven or eight and I certainly wasnt ready for marriage.  Things have been dropped for a number of years.  Henry readjusted his robe and looked back out of the window.  I have been giving her a great deal of thought lately and I have made discreet inquiries into status and health.  She is yet unmarried and very beautiful indeed.  He walked over to his bureau and pulled back a small curtain.  Behind it was a stunning portrait of a young girl, dark hair, defined facial features, and a certain depth of gaze that made her very beautiful.  Adrian and Raleigh stared, bewildered by the portrait, their mouths slightly agape.  Henry covered it back over after a minute of this and returned back to his place at the window.  
As you can see I have more than one reason to have her on my mind.  The problem is that she does not seem to remember me.  Again it was quiet and they waited for him to resume.  He sighed heavily and changed the subject.  That is of no consequence at this point, she will know me soon enough.  What I want to tell you is something else.  He came and sat on the edge of his bed, facing them.  France is a divided nation, trouble is in the air.  I have had a certain acquaintance, maybe you might even say, friendship with the Duke of Burgundy, John the Fearless, in the past.  I have reason to believe that something is in the works against this man, but my agents are not sure what it is.  The reason it is of concern to me is that I believe it will affect our standing with France in the future.  The only reason that this is of any concern to me is that I fear my day will come before I am thirty years of age to ascend into the throne of England.  Naturally, I am interested in what I will have to deal with in that time.  This is of no value to you now, but I want to let you know so that you will understand when the day comes and will be on my side.  He looked at them both in turn.
Now on a different note we are having a guest tonight at dinner that is another old friend of mine.  He has gone astray in some of his religious beliefs; he follows the teachings of a certain religious man.  This would not be a real issue, except that it is illegal.  I need his help and friendship and wish to bring him back to the fold.  I will ask that you both are there with us tonight.  Is that going to be a problem?  They both shook their heads in the negative.  Good, then.  That is all, I will see you then.  He gave them the hour of dinner, handed them the plate of their unfinished breakfast, and dismissed them.


Chapter XXVIII

That night at dinner there was a surprise waiting for nearly every person present.  Adrian had expected to meet Salina with her ladies-in-waiting, who would maintain a discreet distance while they visited afterwards, but was astounded to see her at the dinner table that evening!  The table was set to elegance, with all of the trimmings of royalty present; something that they were not accustomed to, for the prince was not much on flamboyance.  There was something in the air this night!
If Adrian was astounded to see Salina with her two women attendants at the table, he was pressed further to astonishment by who sat just down from her.  It was her uncle Trevor Delton!  Adrian had only seen him once and that was at the tavern, The Raven, but he was sure that it was him.  Why had he come here?  It made no sense.  Adrian had not invited Salina to dine, that would have been a foolish thing to do, to invite a girl friend to dine at the princes own table.  If he had, he might have made sense of her uncles presence, but now it made none whatsoever!  To make matters more disconcerting Adrian was no sooner seated than his father, mother, and sister trooped in behind the escorting servants.  Adrians mother and sister looked pleased, but he could tell that his father was not too keen on the idea of dining with the Crown Prince.  Adrian knew his fathers feelings on the princes relation with the king and he would not budge from his resolute opinion until he saw the prince properly reconciled with contrition to his father.
Adrians mother, Edessa, was a different story altogether.  She was thrilled at the invitation from royalty and tried to compel her husband to look at it as just an event and not a controversial issue.  This was not so to be.  Adrian was not the way he was by pure accident, but came by it honestly; his fathers armor of resolve was impenetrable.
Laura was thrilled; the thought of the possibility of seeing Raleigh, flushed her cheeks and caused her spirits to be so high that she was nigh giddiness.  Adrian chuckled at her state of excitement, though he was not too keen on the idea of the match.  He figured it was a harmless infatuation at his point and so allowed it minimal worry.
Just as Adrians parents were getting settled into their assigned places, Roland, casting nervous glances about as if the king himself would come and reprimand him for his disloyalty by his attendance of the princes dinner, Raleigh came in.  He greeted everyone warmly, which further added to the delight of Laura who leaned over and began to whisper into her mothers ear.  Roland seemed to relax at the coming of this young, stalwart man, who was seated next to him, which was seated just across from Adrian.  They waited and as they did they fell into conversation.  Adrian with Salina, Raleigh with Roland, Edessa with Trevor, and Laura with Salinas maids, that is, when she could pry her eyes from the face of Raleigh.  The conversations were not loud, but the mixture of sound would make it difficult for an observer to distinguish one from the other.  Yet, we hear bits and pieces that may enable us to form a mental picture of the situation at hand in attempt to satisfy the state of mystery which hung in the air.
Roland to Raleigh, . . . that of which you speak sounds somewhat latently full of intrigue.  You say that you cannot disclose the particulars to the reasons behind this dinner?
No, Sir, I am not even sure of the reasons.  I did not expect you and your family  though I am pleased at your presence, but . . .
Laura to one of the maids, whispering, . . . he is that indeed!  I do not believe that I have ever seen one more handsome than he!
That is my opinion, but Carla sides with Milady, Salina, and favors Adrian above all living men.  At which Laura raised an eyebrow and observed Salina astutely.
Trevor to Edessa, . . . I must say he is quite a lad, that tournament is one for the annuls of the history of England, it was only the night before . . . well, I had better keep that to myself.
Yes, I agree with your comment, though I dont agree with his participation.  I just do not understand taking ones life into risk for sport.
Quite, if that was all that was involved I would hold your sentiments, but I do believe it was a duel of honor.  Edessa gravely nods her head as she assents to this truth.
Adrian to Salina in a quite tone of voice, . . . imagine my surprise when you walked in!  I couldnt believe what I was seeing!
Imagine my surprise when we received the invitation, I couldnt believe my ears!  They both laughed at just the exact time that Edessa had looked over from her hushed conversation.  Salina continued, I thought that you had brought it about, but could not somehow imagine the why and for of it.
It is something that I would not have dared to do, but I am glad that you are here.
Why would you have not dared to do so?  Are you ashamed of me?  Salina pressed the question upon him concerning his remark.
Ashamed?  I do not understand.  No, I am not ashamed of you, it is just that it would not have been proper.  I cannot invite anyone to the princes table.  What a greater grievance would it be if it were a woman.
Why?  What is it that the prince has against women?
Nothing.  Dont speak that way!
They say that he wont marry.  What is it that he sees in woman that he will not marry one?
Adrian smiled, I dont think it is what he sees in a woman as much as it is that he does not see in one.
Salina was indignant, as if it were she that was being spurned by the prince.  And what, pray, is it that he is looking for that he does not find?
Adrian raised his gaze to the door and Salina followed his eyes, I am not sure why dont you ask him.  There stood Prince Henry with a rather tall, fair-haired, strong-jawed gentleman.  They came in.
Salina gasped.  Adrian looked at her in question, but was not afforded the time for one; he would ask her later.
~
I see that all have made it.  The princes voice rumbled through the dining hall as he approached his chair at the head of the table.  His servants seated the guest and then seated him.  Thank you for coming.  I was not late, but rather I wanted to give you enough time to become acquainted before our fine banquet began.  He looked at the latest guest and nodded to the head servant to begin to bring the food out.
~
Edessa watched as the look of horror came over Trevor Deltons face.  It was as though he saw death in the face of this stranger.  She looked at Salina and saw a similar expression; she was both puzzled and troubled by it.  What did it mean?  Who was this man?  Edessa looked at her husband and was shocked to find a similar expression on his face.  Roland was not horror-stricken, but looked troubled.  She leaned toward her husband, but he returned her gaze only and gave a slight nod, which was their signal for trust me on this one; we will talk about it later.  She breathed a little easier and then returned her attention to the head of the table.
~
Ladies and Gentlemen, my guests, the prince began with a little more ceremony than what Adrian and Raleigh were used to.  Once again, thank you for coming.  This feast is in honor of my dear friend, of whom I have not seen in some time, Sir John Oldcastle.
~
Roland knew the man; his announcement was no surprise.  Trevor Delton knew the man also, as did Salina.  Edessa had heard the name, but knew nothing about him.  Raleigh knew not the name, nor the man.  Adrians situation was quite different though; for he knew the name and of the man, but had never met or seen him until now.
~
Adrian felt his pulse quicken at the implication of the mans presence.  Once some months ago upon a late night, under slight influence of drink, the prince had related some of his past to Adrian.  It so happened that the name John Oldcastle was a great portion of the narrative.
John Oldcastle was, or at least had been, a good friend of Prince Henrys.  They had made acquaintance in 1401 and became great friends, one might say, during the campaign against the Welshman Owen Glendower.  Since that time he had moved higher and higher in the kingdom, serving first in the House of Commons in 1404 and then in the House of Lords starting in 1409.  His service to the kingdom and the lords had been nearly flawless, but for one thing, which he tried to keep hidden, but was soon to be discovered by the king, which would put John Oldcastle in danger of his life.  
It was this one thing that put an end to their friendship.  It was this one thing that made him an outlaw.  It was this one thing that made his presence such a shock to Adrian and his father, and seemingly such a frightful thing to Trevor and Salina, though Adrian did not know how to account for their reactions.
~
Sir John Oldcastle nodded politely, not saying a word as he took in each face, pausing upon Trevors and Salinas momentarily, though his expression betrayed no recognition or association, should there have been any.  Then, in a thick, bell-like voice, he said, It is my pleasure to dine with you tonight.  I have already expressed my gratitude to our most gracious host afore.  He looked back to Prince Henry, who smiled and nodded his agreement.
Prince Henry introduced each one in turn, by name, pausing at Trevor and Adrian with purpose in the introduction, which Adrian did not understand though Salinas uncle squirmed uncomfortably in his chair.
In spite of the formal appearance of amicability between all there, it seemed a bit forced and certainly the air was charged with a certain impending revelation of the cause for the underlying unsettledness which all certainly felt.
As the first steaming plate of meat was brought out, followed in suit by the long line of servants bearing more of the same, Sir Gilbert made his appearance and quietly walked to the princes side, bent down and whispered in his ear.  Henry listened, his face placid and unrevealing.  As Gilbert finished he in turn received words from the prince in this same manner at which he nodded and bowed and upon the princes word went out the way he had come.
Something is definitely going on!  Thought Adrian and turned to catch Raleighs eye.  Raleigh would not look at him.  Adrian waited, but still Raleigh refused to make eye contact.  Adrian felt it as a tingling in the side of his head and turned slowly toward its source.  Prince Henrys eyes were boring straight into him with great intensity!  Henry nodded ever so slightly, to which Adrian responded with a slight tremor, mostly due to the fact that he did not understand the princes signal, but knew it was very imperious indeed.  He did not look to Raleigh again to Raleighs great relief.
Suddenly, Adrian felt a tapping upon his shoulder.  There stood Orwell, in traveling garments and gestured for Adrian to come with him.  That was what Prince Henry had nodded for.  Adrian stood as smoothly as he could and with only a quick glance in the direction of Salinas sparkling blue and worried eyes, as they traced his movements from the table, he went out of the dining hall.
~
What is it Orwell?  Adrian asked as soon as they were around the corner and down the hall.  He was still seeing the alarmed look on the face of Salina as he went out, her eyes pleading for him to be careful.  He shook his head to clear it, but to no avail!  What was this all about?  What sort of mischief was in the making?  Adrian thought to himself, now more uneasy than ever.  His answer partly came with Orwells reply.
Sir Gilbert needs you tonight.
For what?  Adrian asked , eager for information that would clear up at least part of the mystery.
That he will tell you when he is ready, but for now I must go.  Orwell put something into the hand of Adrian.  It was a key.  Be ready no later than rising of the moon.  Take this key and go into the palace gate over against the east side.  It will be darkest there.  The key will let you in the gate.  Find your way along the wall to the first entrance you come to, stay out of sight of the guards and wait for Sir Gilbert.  You are to wear dark traveling clothes . . . and your sword.  Adrian stared at Orwell.  Do you understand Milord?
Adrian ran over the instructions in his mind and found them well enough; he had been to the place that Orwell spoke of and knew his way.  
Yes.  Is that all I am to know?
That is all that I was instructed to tell you.  Orwell sidestepped the question.
Very well then; will I see you again tonight?
Quite possibly.  With this Orwell turned and walked briskly down the long hall, turned at the end and was gone.  Adrian waited until he turned the corner and then he paced the hallway a few times trying to fit it all into the realm of understanding in his mind.  He did not arrive at any sound conclusion and finally returned to the dining room.
He knew when he walked in that something was astir.  The prince was on his feet doing exactly what Adrian had been doing just moments earlier, pacing to and fro.  His face was blank, but Adrian could see anger building in his eyes.  He first looked at Raleigh, who looked quickly away and then to Salina, who sat with fear etched on her face.  What was wrong?  As Adrian carefully made his way to his own chair he looked at his father, who sat for some strange reason, composed.
He pulled his chair out and sat down.  The sound of the chair scraping across the floor caused Prince Henry to turn and fix his gaze upon Adrian.  Adrian could see that same fire that he had encountered months before in the hallway of the kings palace.  He blinked trying to maintain eye contact.  Is he suspicious of me for something?  Adrian wondered to himself.  Orwell had said that Sir Gilbert needed his help, but he had mentioned nothing of the prince.  Was he undergoing a test of loyalty of some sort?  He did not know and it bothered him.  Yet, just previous to Orwell coming to get Adrian, Gilbert had talked with the prince and seemed to receive instructions from him; there was no indication of intrigue.  It was a puzzle!
Just then the prince spoke to him and there was a passionate tremor in his voice.
Adrian, All eyes at the table shifted to Adrian and he felt uncomfortable.  Would you stand and answer me a question?  Adrian started to rise.  No, no, on second thought just stay where you are at.  Prince Henry started pacing again, and then stopped to return his attention upon Adrian.  Yet, I still ask you to answer my question.
I will try.  Adrian stammered out.  He glanced at his father, then Raleigh, and then Salina.  Her eyes locked onto his and he could not pull himself away from their hold.  It was if there was a genuine sympathy and concern for the circumstance that had just come upon him.  Adrian felt his heart swell at her gaze.  He was not sure what caused it to come upon him, but he clung to her in his heart just now.  Somehow her look of sensitivity gave him strength, a strength that he had never really known before, but had somehow come close to knowing.  Where?  How?  He could not think of the experience in his past that had given him such proximity to what he now felt.  Suddenly, it hit him.  For whatever reason; maybe it was her care for him, maybe it was the timing with the loss of Victoria Marie from his life, maybe it was her beauty, attraction, and obvious unfeigned and heartfelt interest that she had in him, nonetheless he knew.  I love her!  The revelation, the words  even just thought as they were, sent a thrill into Adrians very bones.  It seemed to vibrate and resonate throughout his entire being.  In that instant he knew that he loved her, that he, Adrian loved Salina.  He also knew that she loved him.
There they sat their eyes still locked on one another, all of this amorous revelation coming and passing between them in a matter of only a few seconds, yet it seemed like the world around them had slowed down inestimably.  Then Adrians world was rattled back to reality.
If you are to answer my question I will require your attention.  The prince upbraided, to the embarrassment of Salina.  Adrian was not embarrassed; he was too starry-eyed to be bothered by the tone of the prince.
Through Herculean efforts Adrian tore his gaze and attention away from the face that was now ingrained in him beyond severance, long enough to hear the prince speak.
Adrian, you are here for one reason and one reason only.  It is because I want you here.  When I say here I do not mean the table at which you sit, nor the house in where you rest your feet at night, though that is a part of my meaning.  I speak of your position, your cause, your potential, and your future.  There are many a son of a nobleman that would trade places with you.  Many a noble would pay generous sums to my coffers for you to be tutored or even in the service of myself.  You are here because it is what I desire.  Do you understand?  
Adrian's attention was now fully commanded by the prince; it was the type of man that Prince Henry was.  Even though Adrian would have rather thought upon the eyes of Salina, he could not; this mans will was more powerful than the greatest efforts of Adrian's romantic heart.
Yes, Milord, I believe that I do understand.
Good, do you agree?
Milord, I dont see how a sensible person might understand what you just said and not agree.
Adrian, Adrian, I must congratulate you and rebuke you in the same sentence, but you are right!  You are right, but you did not answer my question directly and that is what I want.  You must stay the course that I set; you are getting ahead of me!  The prince said these words with force and passion; not intending to be harsh, yet he was emphatic.
Yes, Milord.
Now the question; do you agree?
Most certainly.  Adrian met the princes demand.
Excellent.  Now in understanding and in agreeing you are ready to hear what I have next to say.  The decisions that I made to bring you to your place, to your position are mine alone, yet they favor your life above those around you, at no expense nor effort of your own.  You are, shall we say, greatly privileged?
I completely agree.
Yet, would it not be so that in favoring you it might be deemed unfair  unjust, to those around you who do not have the same opportunity as yourself?
It would seem so.
Yet, you do not feel that I am being unfair, nor unjust.
I have never thought of it as such.
Let me tell you why; because you are on the receiving end of my favor, not my displeasure.  You have reaped the rewards of the favor of the eye of royalty, not felt the sensation of being passed over.  Is that not so?
I must admit that you are right, I am favored and do not understand the plight of the less fortunate.
Does that change anything?  The prince arched his eyebrow at Adrian to indicate that his answer was important.
I am not sure that I understand the question.  Adrian did not want to seem dense, but he in truth did not understand.
Just as I thought.  That is where most people falter in their thinking.  He turned his attention upon Roland.  Will you be so kind as to answer the question; I harbor no doubt that you know the answer.
Roland shifted in his chair.  He looked confident in knowledge, but did not like the situation that he was now in.  He cleared his throat, In a word, Milord, no.
Thank you.  He looked back to Adrian.  Now, Adrian, can you answer why not, or shall I explain.
Adrian was about to reply that he could not answer when suddenly he did in fact know why.  No, Milord, I believe I know why.
Good for you.  Prince Henry winked at him and seemed to smile in his eyes.  That is one of the reasons I care for your service and company, you are not long in coming to the right conclusions.  Please tell us, tell us all, he looked straight at John Oldcastle.  Why it does not make a difference.
Because your favor is yours to give.  It is your prerogative.
Exactly!  Prince Henry slammed his fist on the table, rattling dishes.  The women at the table jumped slightly at the gesture.  Exactly!  He repeated and then paced the end of the dining room for several long seconds.  Then turned to the table and with great passion and gave a speech of a great eloquence.
Is it not so, because it is so?  Did I ask for birth?  Did I ask for birth from my father and mother?  Did I decide who would give me life and what their destiny would be?  Nay!  Just as I did not decide to be born, I did not decide that my mother should die, I did not decide that my father should become king, I did not decide to be the crown prince of the land of England!  His eyes swept every face at the table.  They were alone, for the servants had been dismissed prior to Adrian's return.  These things I did not decide.  But they are as they are and I am as I am.
What is the hardest thing that a man must do with power when he finds it in his hand?  It is to use it for good and not for evil.  Have I misused my power against the furtherance of humanity?  Have I used it for an unjust cause?  Nay.  I trough that I have not, at least not with the intention of doing so.  Yet, the fact remains that I have power in my hand.  I can use it in whatever manner I so desire; even if it benefits one as Adrian and dispossesses another.  It is my prerogative!  He looked straight at Adrian once again.
What would you expect at my hand should you shame me and spit upon that which I set before you, that which I give you in life with whatever power falls my lot?
Adrian found himself calm and confident.  I would expect at the best to be dispossessed myself and at worst to be put to death.
Prince Henry stared at him.  It was as if he wanted to make sure that Adrian did not know his intent in all the words that he had spoken.
How true and from the mouth of one such as you we have all heard it.  Yet, there are those who do just that.  They despise the authority that we wield and they spit upon the hand of favor.  With this he wheeled about and pointed straight to Sir John Oldcastle.  There was a stunned silence that followed as Prince Henry and Sir John locked eyes upon one another.  Adrian looked into the eyes of Sir John and saw not hate, or spite, certainly not the aspect of one who would spit upon the hand of the king, but he saw a peace and a confidence that went as deep as one was able to see into the mans soul.  Sir John Oldcastle was steady as a rock and unperturbed by the sudden accusation thrust upon him in the presence of all.
His voice rose from deep within him, yet quiet that all nearly strained to hear.  They needed not to strain for it was very clear in its utterance.  Sir John Oldcastle replied.  My prince, my Milord, and my friend, I do not dishonor you, nor do I despise that which I believe God to have put into your hand.  As I have spoken to you before, it is with the greatest respect that I deal with you, all I do is question certain policies that you hold.
That the kingdom holds.  Henry corrected.
Very well, that the kingdom holds, but are you not a great part of that kingdom?  You hold that position.
What would you have me to do?  Though I may not agree with the king, with my father, on all counts of administration, the law is the law.  You know that as well as I, John.  Henrys anger seemed to be abating and he almost had a tone of pleading in his voice.
Yes, the law is the law, but the law comes first from God, not from man, so it is God that we must first answer to in matters of the law.  Sir Johns voice rang out as a trumpet to Adrian's heart.  There was something about this man that struck a resounding chord within his soul.  Such peace, such confidence!  This man must be of many things come from.  Adrian found himself pulled into a slow stream that carried him toward John Oldcastle in his heart.
John, you know as well as I that the law must have definition.  Yes, yes, the law comes from God, but someone must define it, someone must oversee it and someone must enforce it.  What manner of things would we have suffered further in this kingdom if every man were defining the law by their own experience with God and his Holy Script?  Where would one stand?  No, there must be someone right and there must be someone who has the power to forbear as well as execute judgment.
I agree, but also there is the possibility in those to whom the power of forbearance and judgment falls, to be flawed in judgment.
Certainly, but we must be loyal to them in spite of their flaws.
It is not flawed personality I speak of; I speak of flaws in judgment, in discerning just from unjust.
You are saying that the crown must be monitored and constrained by those that wear the cloth, by religion, by those such as yourself.  Henrys anger rose up in his face.
You put me in a difficult position when you frame it with such words.
I only speak what is.
As you see it.
Henry stared at him.  Sir John only serenely looked on.  Henry eventually turned his gaze away.
Very well, that I will concede to you.  As I see it; but answer me on that basis that you might be able to see from where I stand.
I speak not that you must consult with me, nor even that you must consult with the church.  I simply question that right of which you speak, to cause those that hold a different belief of Gods Book other than that which you or the kingdom holds, to be persecuted or forced to deny their faith.
Prince Henry turned suddenly to Roland.  Sir Roland, do you know of what we speak?
I do not, though I am trying to piece it together.
Then I will tell you.  Sir John Oldcastle is a Lollard!  He addressed the entire room.  There was a complete silence that hung in the air like death, for indeed such an accusation spoke of death that is the way the law read.  And you have heard my arguments to him against such.
Sir John a Lollard!  Adrian's brain was frozen by that one thought.  He looked around the table.  All wore the same expression of shock and horror, except for Trevor and Salina; they appeared to be the same as they had been only a few minutes before.  How was that?  Then Adrian realized that they knew!  That is why their faces wore the dreadfulness that they did when John Oldcastle first appeared.  Suddenly, Adrian felt fear grip his heart!  Were Salina and her uncle Lollards also?  He felt as though he could not breathe.  Oh, God, please dont let this be!

Dear reader, I must make an interruption in our narrative, if I may.  I am not sure if the time in which you are reading this lends itself to such common knowledge of such common things as the Lollards, but in this time period, in which I write, it is indeed common knowledge.  That being so it is of utmost importance that I give you the facts of this group that you might better understand our story and the reaction of its participants at this news.  I am sure once you have been elementarily informed you will see things as they truly were on this day.

The Lollards were those that were a part of the religious sect that was started by the well-known John Wycliffe of England.  He was a theologian and religious reformer at least that is what he became; Heaven only knows if that is what he truly started out to accomplish.  His doctrines were unsettling and contradictory at best and heresy at worst, which was most often the case when it concerned the Church of England.  This powerful man preached as if an oracle from God for the clergy to return to the simplicity of living of the early church versus the pompous and extravagant traditions of the present one.  He adamantly opposed war, as well as other major, accepted doctrines of the same establishment of his present day.  These were the doctrine of transubstantiation, which he considered foolish and Biblically unsound; confession, which he believed to be a contrivance of mans guilty conscience; and the use of images in worship, which the Old Testament opposed vehemently  as well as the great Apostle Paul.  As you can see this was not pleasing to the orthodox of his day, to say the least.  In the century of late, namely the 14th, the Lollards were nearly overrunning the land with their revival of religious reform.  When Henry IV became king, in 1399, he engaged in a widespread and thorough persecution of this religious sect attempting to put them to silence by oppression; their numbers decreased, dispersed, or went into deeper hiding  history is not very clear on this matter, though years later we see a reemergence and union with the Protestant movement.  
Instrumental in King Henry IVs actions, rather he very well may have been the force behind them, was Thomas Arundel, the archbishop of Canterbury, the same celebrated Canterbury, the place of pilgrimage.  So, it was that these people, the Lollards, were in every sense of the word, outlaws and often actively opposed the crown, aristocracy, and the church hierarchy.  They were branded heretics, which was a crime punishable by death under the law.

And so my reader, you have a better grasp on the gravity of Sir John Oldcastles dire straight.  He was a Lollard, and could be put to death.  Prince Henry had just received the news and was intent on causing his friend to put away such foolish beliefs and opinions.  As you can see, it was not to be that simple.

Salina seemed to know what Adrian was thinking, for she looked in his direction and waited for his gaze to turn to her.  When he did look she tried to present a most reassuring expression, but was not sure of the success of her attempt until she saw his own face relax.
~
The silence hung, unbearably in the room for several long moments and the prince in due course resumed, this time pleading with Sir John to cast off his ridiculous beliefs and grasp the hand of the kingdom.  That all waited on his response, his decision.  Then it was quiet once again as John shifted in his chair before serenely replying.
Milord, what you ask is not possible.  I do not mean to defy you or to act in a manner that, no doubt, causes you displeasure, but it is simply something that can not be done.  You ascribed the word ridiculous to my beliefs, and to you, in your state of royalty, they must certainly seem ridiculous and certainly trivial.  You implore me to grasp the hand of the kingdom, yet at the cost of denial of what I hold as dear and true.  Can I then be true to you if I am willing to deny for favor, no matter how honorable or pure that favor may be?  I trough not.  I am truly sorry, but I cannot take what I stood for back to the table of reconciliation, my lot is thrown, my path is clear, and I must walk thereon.  He was silent and for once, as Adrian looked on he appeared saddened, in fact he put his head slowly down till it fairly touched the table and then brought it up again with tears now brimming in his eyes.
What is it that you sorrow for?  The prince asked.  Your decision?  Do you wish to take it back, yet are hindered by pride?  Is that what makes you tearful?  The prince sat down again and his face held the utmost compassion, tenderness, and understanding of any that Adrian had ever seen; he truly cared for this man.
Prince Harry, if I may call you by that long ago name, I wish not to displease you further and ask leave of this table and your gracious guests with whom I have dined.
John, why must you leave?
Milord, why must I stay?  We are divided evenly, you and I, and neither shall move as long as the sun still shines upon this planet.  You misunderstand the tears, they are not for regret of that which is present or past, they are for regret of things that I see in the future.
What?  What things do you see in the future?
What consequence are they?  What I see will not be washed off of the pages of history, but will remain as I see it.
Then what is it that you see that will not change?  Henry looked forlorn at his old friend.
I cannot say.
You will not say.
I cannot, for to speak them would defile the Sacredness which has given me such knowledge.  Truly, my place is no longer at this table.  I ask your leave and those of your guests.
Henry stood in exasperation and appeared near to tears.  Sir Roland, you may have wondered at your invitation.  For Adrian's sake?  Yes, but deeper than this.  I know the things that you speak of me.  I know the opinions that you hold concerning I and my father, the king.  Roland glanced quickly at Adrian.  Think not that Adrian has betrayed you, he is most honorable and neer a word has passed his lips of you to me of such things.  Many are the methods of a royal personage of obtaining or hearing information.  Roland looked relieved, but shifted his gaze from Adrian to the prince with some hesitation.  I have asked you to come because of this knowledge that I hold; because of your disapproval with my policies and conduct.  He nodded to John Oldcastle.  Speak to him of the wisdom that I am offering him; not based on your intimacy with me, for truly there is none, but as a loyal subject of the king.  Prince Henry waited with earnest in his eyes.
Roland clenched his jaw into thought and turned his eyes to the wall opposite of the room.  After a minute he spoke.  Milord the prince, Sir John, I cannot speak anything more than that which has been spoken.  Whatever else I may say of the prince, forgive me your highness; I must say that he has said all that might have been examined to present his case to you, Sir John.  Nothing I can add.  I must against my will concur with the prince.  He spread his hands and slowly exhaled.
Sir John spoke.  Sir Roland, I know you to be an honest and loyal man.  Let me ask of you; is there truly a case?  Is there any other verdict, as it stands, other than guilty?  I have no case; I have only a cause.  You must understand that.
Yes, John, you have a cause, but let it be your cause.  You may believe in your heart whatsoever you desire to believe, but spread it not throughout the countryside!  The prince responded to his words to Roland.
That which I believe in my heart would be of no worth to me were I to hide it there.  Indeed, I would be a hypocrite were I not to act upon it and profess it to those I know.  It would be in vain to believe that which I will not act upon.  What you ask of me is again impossible!  Sir John sounded desperate to let the prince know that it was not that he desired to be a heretic, but it was all that he could do.  The prince did not accept it, he stood to his feet.
Then let me speak to you in consequence and imperativeness.  He indicated Trevor Delton.  This man is not of royal blood, but he is a man of means that has denied a title that has fallen to him.  This man is a good man, one of humility, of kindness, he is a good citizen.  Yet, you are attempting to seduce his family to your beliefs.  What is there that needs to change about him?  Is he not a benefit to the kingdom?  Would you have that to change?  Would you make of him an outlaw?  He pointed to Salina.  This fair young lass, who is selfless and caring, this mans niece, is she so wrong in her loyalty to humanity, to her family, and to her uncle that you would have her change?  Yet, you would have them to be converted to your doctrines and cause them ultimately to become outcasts of the crown.  I know of you activities of late, though the news is all recent.  I did not know of your convictions or actions more than two weeks ago and the so happened to be in connection with these good peoples family.  Prince Henry leaned toward Sir John and spoke low.  Do what you will, but leave the people of my kingdom out of it!  His face was as stern and impending as a weight of marble hanging above ones head waited to crush them.
Unaffected, John Oldcastle answered with his own steely eyes, his voice also low, yet not menacing, only resolute.  I did not know that you so soon claimed the throne, as to call it your kingdom.
Henry became infuriated and stood to his feet, his face reddening with every passing heartbeat.  And so we hear the dissent finally find its way out of your rebel heart!  I lay no claim to the throne, but I speak from a heart of loyalty, it is my kingdom as much as it is yours, and yours.  He swept his arm toward the table.  John Oldcastle, you are dismissed from my presence.  Should I ever see you again, you will be in great danger.  Now GO!  He pointed to the door with a trembling hand and quaking finger.
Sir John Oldcastle stood, without a word he turned and walked from the room.  Some put their head down, as not to bear his shame, but Adrian watched as he left with no shame.  There was an aura about the man that he was not shamed of himself, but rather at peace with his resolution.  There in his heart Adrian made the decision that he would one day speak with this man face to face and hear him out from whatever convictions that burned within his great chest. 
Dinner went nearly untouched from that heartrending scene of such proportions that so stirred Adrian and the others to the very soul.  They had beheld the final tearing of the fabric of a deep and mutual friendship, both men of character and determination; neither willing to relinquish his stand, for he felt himself right.  The result was mixed indeed.


Chapter XXIX

She stood at the railing when he finally came out.  The two maids were a short way off talking with some of the servants of the house.  Salina had been looking at the sky watching as the first stars came into view, winking their way into position for yet another night of viewing the earth and its strange goings on.  A rare, yet always welcome and wonderfully soothing summer breeze stirred her hair and garments, moving them slowly without a sound, almost in the dream-like state of floating leaves upon a dawdling, meadow stream.  The torch light from the various windows about leaked out to cast dwindled light upon her golden hair, causing it to shine over and over again as that same breeze caressed its locks.
Adrian stopped where he stood, his breath locked within his lungs, staring; transfixed.  He had always thought her to be beautiful, but not as gorgeous as he now knew she was.  Maybe it was his new found realization that he was in love with this young woman, who had the physical aspect of a woman already grown, but nonetheless, he was nearly awestruck by the scene which he now beheld through the eyes of an enlightened admirer.  Finally, his breath returned, yet he still did not move.  He chose to savor every passing moment of surreality that he beheld.  His heart was full and divided.  He was on the edge of a great canyon, the chasm of love, and he was looking into its depths trying to fathom the foundation of its alluring call.  Wave upon wave of exhilaration and passion came upon him, but each time, before allowing himself to slip beneath its undertow, he lifted himself above the surf of bliss and oblivion to assess his surroundings of life.  Where was he?  What was happening to him?  Was this thing right, this feeling that he now felt?  How had this happened to him?  Why did he feel out of control?  Who was in control; Salina?  That thought stopped him dead.  
Was this her doing?  Was he simply playing the part of an obliging man to a skilled beauty?  Was he simply a pawn in her game of the acquisition of self-esteem and flattery?  These thoughts stirred something deep within him and brought him a degree of disturbance.  This angered him.  Why was he thinking these things?  She had not done anything to deserve such suspicions . . . or had she?  He could not think of anything, but there were those nagging echoes of forgotten indications of the deeper intentions of ones heart.  Was it that or was he simply reacting from the sense of betrayal and broken trust that Victoria Marie had so wounded him with?  Victoria Marie!  Why could he not let the dead rest in peace?  What had she done to him that he must always see her in every conflict of his humanly passions?  He shook his head again, actually grabbing his face with his hands in desperation, and for once succeeded in clearing his mind of her memory.  When he lifted his head he saw, once again, clearly, unhindered, and without painful memories, Salina.  His heart began to beat again that rhythm that it first beat when he walked out of the doorway and stumbled quietly to an awe-inspired halt.
Salina had not heard him come out, nor was she aware of his presence.  She had been for the most part enjoying the descent of evening upon this lovely setting.  Here she was at the palace, or at least a wing of it!  She would have never thought it possible.  All this come about because of the princes weakness for the bottle, and of course his faithful follower, Adrian.  Adrian.  What a man!  She had come across many different types of men, been intimate with them on some occasions, though always keeping herself in reserve, albeit on the farthest edge of it that was possible, and always been able to stamp them as one kind or another, but Adrian.  Adrian was different!  There was something about him that drove her on to him.  It started that night at the tavern when he came in.  Certainly, she thought him handsome, but so had she thought many other men, some which proved to be apes with god-like faces, and really no better for it.  She cared not for handsomeness . . . not entirely, that is.
There was still that which stirred in her bosom, which stirs in the bosom of every woman, when she meets a strikingly handsome man, it is inexorable, inescapable in a womans nature, a mans nature for that matter.  So, it would be quite untruthful to say that this did not happen when Adrian stumbled into that room with Raleigh on that Sunday night, but it was quickly overlooked and pushed aside by something else.  
At first Salina had not a clue to what struck her about Adrian once she had dismissed his looks.  Was it the fact that he had come into such a scene of high spirits and conflict and just seemed to strike her in a certain way?  No, she had thought about that often enough.  She had seen many things as that play of events that night, she was accustomed to it.  What was different was Adrian, but how?  The question had haunted her, puzzled her, and frustrated her for all that night.  Was it his carriage?  She considered that, but dismissed it also, without laying it aside entirely.  It had something to do with his genuine concern with the prince while he himself was yet wounded, but that she had not known at first.  Then she had stumbled upon it.  It was his strength!  It was not the aspect of strength, though he certainly did appear physically capable, but there seemed to be an emanating strength, almost from his presence alone.  This had been it!  She saw that he was a true man, not yet come to his prime, not yet aware of all of his potential, but a true man nonetheless!  Strength.  Power.  It was what she wanted, wanted almost more than anything.  It was not the power to overcome another that she desired entirely, but the power to overcome herself, her weaknesses and her past, and the power to forge a respectable future for her own life.  He had that power, he had that strength.  She must have it also!  She knew of ways to cause a man to reveal his weakness, ways to make him slip loose from his faade of propriety and chivalry.  That was nothing new to her, but she met her first obstacle that very night not beyond the passing of a minutes time from when she so desired to have this man, or his ability within her grasp.  It came when Adrian was informed that he must receive treatment at her hand.  He fumbled with his tunic as though he was not able to lift it.  At first she thought that he was simply being weak, but later realized that he was not willing to do so. Though Salina made this excuse that it was simply physical weakness, she knew that it was not for this that she herself came and jerked it up.  It was her frustration at him for trying to appear modest.  Why?  What had he beneath that tunic that she had not seen before?  She had seen many men working or washing without a shirt on, it was nothing new.  Yet, she was wrong.  It was something new.  She realized it almost immediately upon treating the wound in his side.  He was pure.
As she had lain in her bed, as that thought came into being in her mind, she flushed.  Why?  It was absolutely without reason, except she realized that unknowingly, innocently, and probably unwillingly, he had shamed her by being so.  It was then that she made her decision.  She had to have him.  It was really a two sided motivation that drove her.  The good in her nature desired him because he was desirable.  He was a redemptive quality in her existence, and he made her wish to be better.  The bad in her wanted to prove that he was nothing more than any other man that she had known while at the same time taking pleasure in her presentations of evidence in favor of her presuppositions.  In this she was disappointed.  Not once, but twice.  Once at his bedside and again in the palace gardens; he had disproved her.  She had waited patiently beside his bed during his throws of sickness and fever.  She sincerely did care for him, this she knew.  It had happened to her as she had watched the tournament that day.
Salina had not known the contestants of the final event, but her heart had experienced a thrill when the name of Sir Chavelle de Chaumont was announced.  This man she knew.  They had partaken of limited pleasures of mutual attraction on more than one occasion.  She had met him the same way that she had met Adrian, in one of her uncles taverns, and there in a dark corner his suave ways had animated her to consent to partaking of indulgences.  Yet, if her heart experienced a thrill at the mention of his name, it experienced an arrest at the mention of his opponent.  Adrian!  What in Heavens name?  She had fairly leapt out of her seat, immediately after nearly falling over from surprise.  Her experience was much the same as that of Victoria Maries, yet different in detail.  She beheld good and evil across the way from each other, as though it were almost the good and evil in her fighting each other with every stride, with every clash, and every charge.  At times during the bout she would remember her pleasure at the hands of Chavelle and the thought plunged her to collaborate with him in her hidden hearts desire.  Then she would see again Adrian, and his stellar qualities of manhood and true chivalry that were budding within his character, and she would suppress and attempt to silence the voices of baseness that welled within her.  This had went on for some time, but it was not until that girl, whom she later understood to be the Victoria Marie, had run out onto the field, in attempt to put a stop to the final blows of death to one or the other, that she made her mind up about her own desired outcome of the fight.  Adrian must win.  Yet, she watched in horror as the man whom she had desired in her heart only a moment ago, slash the fallen girl, before receiving the blow from Adrian that had knocked him to the ground.  She had then jumped to her own actions, heedless of those around her, careless of the consequences and set out toward the arena, hence her early arrival at the scene.
Her heart was torn straight down the middle.  She was two then, acknowledgeably so, emotionally, and morally, two different people.  That is why she requested to care for Adrian; she wanted to change, yet the fight was harder than she had expected and the progress was not what she desired.  Was she truly changing?  She somehow wanted to be good enough, but did not know if she could.
~
There she stood, shifting from foot to foot, idly turning this way and that, never knowing that Adrian was watching her every move.  Then she began to think of him.  What would she do were he here?  She ran over the words that she had prepared, words that were designed to pull him into her grasp at last.  Her mind relished the power of them as she mentally rehearsed them time and again.  She began, still unaware of his presence, to practice the movements of her head, arms, eyes, hands, and body.  In this she relished the power of femininity, the irresistible attraction of a man to a woman.  It was like a weapon of greatest strength, like a tool of greatest means.  She imagined him falling into her snare, into her arms, and her pleasure of acquisition of his strength at last.  She even laughed to herself softly.  It was not a laugh of humor, or of good pleasure, but that certain swelling of the ocean deep, that which she had repressed, for appearance sake, for his sake, came now to the surface, refusing to be held down any longer.  It wanted to live, not to be held captive at the bottom of her soul!
~
As Adrian watched her, basking his aching heart in the warmth of her presence, thinking the sweetest of thoughts in her concern, innocently dreaming of her graciousness, he was quite suddenly startled into great perplexity by what he saw.  What is she doing?  His brow folded into wrinkles, his head tilted to one side, and he eyed her in an analytical manner, as if trying to figure out the abnormal behavior of a steed or a deer.  She laughed and its sound sent a nearly imperceptible shudder through his heart.
He pondered her for a few moments more and then silently walked up behind her.  She was now looking down over the railing on the balustrade at the courtyard below.  His step was smooth and quiet; she did not hear him approach.  He touched her elbow; she did not notice at first, he pressed it with slightly more pressure.  She turned slowly toward him and met his gaze with a sparkle in her eyes.  She was not startled and this surprised him.
Adrian, I have been waiting for you to come out from your business inside.  I was just thinking of you.  Isnt it a lovely evening just now?  Her face was aglow, radiant and contrasted with striking, piercing eyes, and a beaming smile.  Her cheeks were flushed, but not from the heat of the day.
It is.  He did not break away his eyes from hers, staring into their depths, searching for something.
She tilted her head and smiled at him.  How do you know of the evening unless you survey it? 
I have already done so.
When?  She asked somewhat incredulously.
A moment ago.  He still gazed into her eyes; she finally broke her gaze free from his intent stare.
A moment ago, that is not long enough to drink in the beauty of this portrait of nature.
Indeed it is not, but it is not that portrait of nature that I came out here to drink in.  He had looked down at the courtyard, but now looked back at her face.  She was looking down at her hands resting on the railing.  I do not mean to be so bold, but it was our plan to talk this evening.
She lifted her head.  Bold?  What did he mean?  Yes, of course.  What would you like to talk of?  She said, as if disappointed that all he wanted to do was talk.
Adrian noticed a sudden shift in her demeanor, almost towards coldness.  
Actually, I would like to know how you came to be at the dinner tonight.
Oh, that.  Well, that is a long story that doesnt bear telling.
Surely it cannot be all that long.
She looked at him in a serious expression that told him not to press the matter.  He didnt.  Surely, it can be.
As you wish.  He turned his head away and looked out over the city toward the fields and low hills, still barely visible by the light grey of the sky, which was fading into blackness behind them.
Adrian, all that I know for sure is that as I was busy this afternoon my uncle came and told me that we were invited to dine with the prince this night.  I was surprised; I did not understand and asked him, he said that he did not either, but thought that it might have to do with the princes protection that he had provided as best as he could that night at the tavern, as well as my treatment, which I know to be truly insignificant.  I was satisfied with this, I did not care to come to dinner, but I was thankful for the opportunity.  She stopped mid-sentence.
What opportunity?  He asked still looking at the inky sky.
Adrian, this opportunity.  Did he have to be so dense?  
You would have had it anyway, that was our plan.  He turned his face upward to look upon the stars.
He is not listening!  She was frustrated with him; he was just like a typical man!  Maybe he was not so different after all.  He couldnt see her person in front of his face.  What opportunity?  She inwardly mocked, rolling her eyes.  Maybe he didnt care to see her as much as she did him.  If that were so, then why the look in his eyes as he came to her?  Never mind Adrian, forget the explanation.  She finally said.
He brought his upward gaze down and looked at her, a smile upon his lips.  You dont think that I am listening do you?
I did not say that.
You did not; neither did I.  I said that you didnt think that I was listening.
Well, no.  She admitted.  How does he do that?
I listen better when I dont look at you.  He laughed to himself and turned his gaze upward once again.
She looked at him, and in spite of herself, truth was she could have done nothing to prevent it, a smile spread across her face, her frustration gone, and she shook her head.  What was that supposed to mean?  She wondered.
I believe your last words, before you said never mind Adrian, forget the explanation, were, but I was thankful for the opportunity.
She shook her head again in disbelief, amazing, and she had thought that he wasnt listening.  Well, I was going to say that it did not look like either of my uncles assumptions was correct; for neither was even mentioned.  I wonder if the prince has forgotten them altogether.
He has not.  Adrians face still pointed upward watching more and more stars materialize in the night sky.
How do you know?
Prince Henry does not forget things like that.
Then why did he have us to come?
Now it was Adrian's turn.  He brought his gaze down once again and surveyed Salinas face with deliberation, searching for something.  This he did for many long seconds until Salinas expression took on a worried aspect and he asked nervously, Is something wrong Adrian?
No, nothing is wrong, that I know of.
Then why are you looking at me that way?
That is a question that you have the answer to.
I?  What do you mean?
Tell me what you know of Sir John Oldcastle.  He said flatly and watched as his words registered in her mind and were reflected on her face as a reaction of fear.
Adrian . . . what are you saying?  . . . what do you mean?
Exactly what I said.  He did not let up on the steadiness of his gaze.
She was getting nervous, the intensity of his eyes were burning into her soul.  Why is he doing this?  She lifted her hand to her face.  Please, dont look at me like that.
Like what?  He asked monotone.
Like THAT!  She raised her voice and pointed at his face.  Adrian, please.  I will answer you just dont do that to me.  She was pleading with him and felt near to tears.
He turned his head away and looked down into the courtyard.  Alright, Salina, I am sorry.  I just want you to understand that I dont play games about things as this.
You mean as John Oldcastle?
Yes, Sir John Oldcastle.  He corrected her.
I am sorry; I have never known him by that title until tonight.  
Yet, you have known him before tonight?
Yes.
Where?  How?
Out at my uncles manor, on the Lindsey Moor, in Maidenhead.  He has been there many times to visit.  They would stay up late at night, my uncle, father, and the other men, discussing what I knew not until I asked to stay up with them on one occasion.  It was then that I found out that he was teaching them from the Bible, or at least portions of scrolls that he had attained somehow, translations of the Bible into English by the man I now know as John Wycliffe.  I had heard little about the Lollards and did not even know what one was, until I asked.  The reaction I got from the woman in the market was something that I will never forget.  Honey, she said, do not say that here unless you wish trouble.  They are a people that believe all sorts of contrary things about the Good Book and the church.  You mustnt have anything to do with them, they are being put to death in secret by the king, I hear.  Her words dug into my mind and lodged there.
I asked my father about this and he got very angry.  I hadnt known at the time, but my father converted to the Lollards, though Uncle Trevor would not.  I asked my uncle Trevor about it.  Salina, must you know?  I told him that I must.  Very well then, it is a doctrine that men have taken on, but it falls upon unheeding ears with me.  You know then about your father?  Yes, well, I would be nearly convinced were it an idle fancy that would affect nothing, but it is too dangerous.  I have a family and estate to think of, I cannot be wooed over to something that another man has dreamed up on his own and put everyone beneath my care in harms way.  I should say not.  As a matter of fact, I told John Oldcastle and the rest of the men that last weeks meeting would be the last.  Things are going to get too dangerous and I dont want my name to be among those mentioned with the believers when the kings ferrets find us and his men pass out scourgings.  Naturally, I saw my uncles point as valid and worried myself over the entire situation.  I worried about my father, and the others.  As we saw tonight, Uncle Trevor was right.  The prince has found out, though as he said the king has not.  She broke off here and looked at Adrian.  He remained with his gaze fixed on the ground below.  Across the air there was a slight tinkling of laughter from the servants as they gaily made conversation.  Finally, after waiting for Adrian to say something, which he did not, she went on.  I believe that Prince Henry was trying to kill two birds with one stone by having us here tonight.  It was to serve in his purpose to sway Sir John Oldcastle back to his own side and if that were not possible, which we saw was not . . .
. . . Then to warn your uncle and you away from him.  Adrian finished for her.
Those are my very words.
And they are no doubt true.  I hope that it was not necessary in your case.  He looked at her, but she still was looking away.
Why do you say that?  She seemed troubled.
Because, Salina, I know what the law reads concerning the matter and do not wish you in that sort of danger.
She still did not look at him.  Adrian, do you really care?
What was she talking about?  Of course he cared!  Salina!  Need you ask that question?
Yes, else I would not have asked it.
Very well then, I do care.  He put his hand on hers and rested it there; still she did not look up.  He removed his hand and slowly reached out to touch her face.  Salina, what is wrong?  Something is wrong, tell me what it is.
She turned and he saw instantly that her eyes were red with ready tears.  I cannot, Adrian, not now.  I want to, but I cannot yet.
Yet?  He asked puzzled.
Please, dont ask me.  I will tell you someday I believe, but not now.
As you wish.  He replied softly and removed his hand.
She turned her body toward him suddenly and Adrian could see the emotion that was surging through her frame as she breathed heavily.  Adrian's mind was suddenly set on fire; his heart quickened its pace.  They stared at one another for several long seconds feeling one anothers mood out.
Adrian.  She spoke suddenly and with passion.  Why am I here?  All of her words, so practiced, so fine-tuned were gone, and all that she wanted to know now was just the truth.
At the dinner or upon this balcony?
Here . . . with you.
I suppose primarily because I asked you to come.  He said slowly trying to ascertain the meaning of her inquiry.
Dont suppose just now, Adrian!  Why?  She pleaded.
I am sorry, yes, because I asked you.
Why did you ask me?  Her eyes bore into his, looking to make sure he answered her truthfully, to confirm his words by the souls light that finds its way into ones eyes.  Her bosom rose and fell with a resolute rhythm.
Adrian took a deep breath.  He could not tell her, not now.  It was not the time.  He wanted to say that it was because he loved her, but that was not his originally meaning yesterday and still he did not feel as though it was something he was prepared to say now.  Salina, I enjoy your company.  I wanted to spend time with you.  He said slowly, his voice soft and sincere.  And to somehow thank you for what you have done for me.  He added a second later.
She peered at him with probing eyes, trepidatiously wanting to believe Adrian, I need not for you to thank me any more than you have.
As you wish.
She continued, paying no attention to his comment, her fist clenched and unclenched.  The desire she felt was as intoxicating as it was fearful.  Your words are real.  I see that you are telling me the truth.  I know when someone is lying to me, believe me I know.  She finally broke her gaze away and looked down at his big hands and muscular arms, then up to his thick chest and finally back to his face.  Adrian . . .?
Yes, Salina?  He unconsciously moved closer, sensing the intimacy of this moment and her next words.
Adrian, when you speak it does something for me.  When you say that you want me in your presence, that you enjoy my company, I cannot tell you what it does for me, but it is wonderful, beyond words.  Yet . . .  something is missing.  She looked straight into his eyes, shifting her focus from one glistening eye to the other, probing into his heart and soul.
Adrian felt her piercing look and his head began to spin.  His heart reacted by beating a rapid rhythm yet once again.
Missing?  His voice left him without his conscious consent.
Yes, missing.  Adrian, what are your words not telling me that you want to?  She moved closer to him and put her hand upon his arm that rested on the balustrade.  He could feel the heat of it through his tunic.  He looked at the soft lines of her fingers and longed to entwine them in his own.  She was requesting something of him to be sure.
Then he knew!  How could she know what he had only just discovered?  It must be in his eyes; maybe she sensed it, but how?  He did not know!  He did not think that he had let it appear in his demeanor, nonetheless she somehow knew!  He could not tell her, he did not understand why, but he could not tell her.
Salina, I am not sure what you are asking me.  If something is missing it is because I did not speak it.  I am not the kind of man to hide his intentions behind idle words; you know that.  He hoped that she would be satisfied with this explanation.
For a moment she stared at him, her lips parted, revealing even white teeth, as if she would speak, but she did not.  He felt it was the end of the matter, but a second later his heart told him it was not!  She clutched him tightly with her one hand and reached for his other arm, gripping it with surprising force, with her other.  He did not move.  He was not sure of what to do.  He just stood there and looked at her, his body surging with masculine desire for this woman.  His gaze fell to her neck; it was red with something that appeared to be a rash of some sort.  It was not there a second ago!  What was it?  It slowly crept higher even as he watched.  He pulled his eyes from off of her neck and back to her eyes.  They were aflame with the same passion he felt.
Suddenly, she reached up to his shoulders with both of her hands and pulled herself to him, pressing herself up against his stalwart frame.  
Adrian . . . She breathed upon him.  Adrian, do you love me?
Adrian's heart pounded in his chest and his brain, along with every nerve in his body, were on fire!  His breath was coming in short, quick bursts.  His muscles flexed and then relaxed and then tensed again.  He looked down at this stunning figure that now had put itself within his arms grasp, up against his chest, and fought with every urge, every impulse, to take her into his powerful embrace and crush her to him even closer.
She was looking up at him, panting slightly, awaiting his answer.
Salina . . . He could hardly speak he was breathing so hard.  Please, Salina, dont ask me that.  He felt his self control slipping from him and his muscles began to relax.  She sensed it and rather than heed his plea she pressed more upon him and asked again.
Do you love me?  Her voice was impassioned with the fervor of all a womans soul, and intertwined with the desperation of the same.
Her face was only inches away from his.  Her lips were slightly parted and seemed to invite his.  He started to move his face downward, his body finally relaxing, relenting to the nature of a man, his arms moved to encircle her womanly frame.  She waited, the bliss and pleasure of acquisition pounding in her temples like thunder.  She had won!
Suddenly, Adrian's body tensed again and his head jerked up.  No!  I cannot!  He tried to push her away.  She clung to his arms with desperate force.
Salina, I cannot.  I am sorry, but I cannot do this.
You dont love me!  The pain was audible in her voice and visible on her face, yet she clung still to his sleeves.
I said do not ask me that!  He barked.  I do love you!  Dont you see?  I love you, Salina with all of my heart!
Adrian I dont understand.  When am I to ask you?  She searched his face for an explanation as to his sudden reaction.
Never.  He said harshly.  Never ask me again.  He pried her fingers off of his arms one at a time and pushed her hand down and away from him.  Please, leave things as they are.
How can I?  She began to cry.  This,  she pointed to his arms, as though they were sentinels, barriers, or walls keeping her from getting within a city of refuge, Why must you push me away?  Why did you not just take what is yours and not question everything?
I need time to think.  He put his hand to his head and rubbed his forehead slowly.
Think.  Why?  You do not love with your mind!  What must you think about, except us . . . except me?  She moved toward him again, but he took a step back from her.
Salina, I mean it.  Let me think.  His tone was final.
That was the last thing that she wanted.  She hated it when she saw his mind beginning to ponder something.  He always came back with the truth, with her motives and she hated that!  Why couldnt he just take her as his own and let the details work themselves out?  Now she was beginning to grow angry, but pushed it away out of desperation.
Adrian, you dont know how much it means to me.  She pleaded once again.  She did not move toward him, respecting his decision on that matter.
He removed his hand from his head and looked at her.  Yes, I do, Salina, yes I do.
It would mean the world to me.  It would change everything, everything!
It certainly would, but I still cannot tell you.
She stamped her foot.  Why?  I dont understand.  What difference does it make?  You say you need to think; about what?
Things, Salina.  I need to think about things.  I didnt figure you would understand.  He put his head down.
She let her anger cool and softly replied.  I am sorry.  I do understand.
I doubt that you do.  Adrian was now slightly angry himself.
I do, I say.  She sighed heavily.  It is your Victoria, isnt it?
No!  He said now fully angry.  It is not that.  It is more than that.  You would never understand.  You are too focused on the here and now; what you can get out of me for the moment.
For the moment?  What do you know about anything done for the moment?  She let her anger return.
I know enough to know that if you would do this to me, I am not the first one that you have done it too.  That is what I understand about things and people that act only upon the moment!
She was stung bitterly to her soul and found no words of retaliation, he was once again right.  Her past came up to her face and laughed at her.  That past that she wished to rid herself of.  The past that she had desired his strength for conquering, now was strengthened by her failed efforts.  Oh, how she hated herself in that instant!
Salina, you are something good.  How does he know!  She fumed to herself.  But I cannot allow myself to make a decision about you now, especially not like this!  He indicated their proximity, alluding to their near passionate embrace.  Do you seriously believe that I can think and make a decision like that?  His voice raised in pitch to emphasize his point.
I suppose not.  She assented and put her head down in shame.
Certainly I cannot.  He drove the point on.
She jerked her head back to him.  Then why do you want me to admit to the whole world something that you are ashamed to admit, even to me?  Her voice pounded every syllable into his face.
He just looked at her, not knowing what to say, but finally asked.  How have I asked you to admit anything?
Look where I am at.  She pointed to her feet.
Alright.  Then Adrian looked back at her.  What of it?
I am here because of you.  Here because you asked me to be here.  But what have you done that would indict you or connect you to any interest in me?  Dont you see?  It is all upon my shoulders.  She seethed beneath her words and then began to cry, the tears slowing trickling down her cheeks onto her gown.
Salina.  Adrian began slowly.  What you say is true, but only partly.  I did ask you to come here tonight, but not once before.  Every time other that you have came it has been on your own, for your own reasons.
It has been for you!  She shot the words out, trying to wound him and break his coolness that he now spoke with.  That was something else that frustrated her about him  he always collected his wits about him quickly, quicker than her.
Then by your own words, you have done this thing more than I have.  I have asked you to admit nothing, but what you have already admitted.  He paused and watched as his words sunk into her mind and took hold in her thoughts.  All I have now asked is that it be left where it is at.
She looked down at his hand that he held out in expression and then back to his dark eyes.  I need just a minute to think, please leave me out here, if you could do that, when you return I shall speak sensibly.  Her eyes were genuinely pleading, all of the manipulation washed away by his words and her tears.  Please, Adrian.
Salina, you dont have to beg me, I shall go.  I will return in a few minutes as you have asked.  He turned and walked back to the doorway and disappeared inside.  She watched him go and then turned and buried her face in her hands and wept aloud, but not above that of the drifting laughter of the servants.
~
The urchin has fled, Milord!  Adrian had almost stepped into the room when these words fell upon his ears.  He hesitated not initially out of curiosity, for he knew how crude eavesdropping was, but out of respect  he did not wish to interrupt.  From where he was standing his body was somewhat shadowed by an archway overhead, but he could see the scene before him in the large room clearly.  The older servant spoke rapidly and with great agitation for it was obvious that the words that he spoke just now were not merely a message, but somehow connected with his responsibility, which seemed to be lacking at the moment.  Adrian was about to turn and tread lightly away, but the tone in the princes voice somehow caused him to remain fixed where he was.  It was not that he wanted to be an intruder into anothers business; it was only that he knew by the princes reaction that this was important business.  He wondered if it had anything to do with Sir John Oldcastle, a sudden and new interest of Adrian, and so he waited.
When?  The prince spat the word out in anger.  He was already angry and this latest development only served to compound his state of mind.  He had just confirmed with one of the guards that Sir John Oldcastle had indeed passed away into the falling darkness without observation, as he had planned for, and was now nowhere to be found.  He had commanded that the man be followed, but no one seemed to see him actually exit the palace, though it was ascertained by a hasty search that he was indeed gone.  What next?  The prince had asked himself then and now had his answer.
I just arrived, Milord, and I came as soon as I was made aware of it.  I thought it better to come personally.  The servant nervously plucked at the cap that he held in his hands.
Indeed!  Better for you!  Prince Henry scowled.
Yes, certainly, Milord.  
What are the watches?  Prince Henry softened his facial expression of fury only slightly to enable the servant to piece together a cohesive sentence.
There is a change every twelve hours, Milord.  Therefore she could be no more than twelve hours out from the castle.  She!  Adrian thought, what did he mean she?  Then the servant added in painful honesty, fearing the worst.  I have reason to believe that it is closer to twelve hours than it is to less, she must have escaped on the change of the guards.  It is a day and a half journey from there to here and I left at once after confirming that she was not to be found in the immediate area.
I see.  The prince thought for a moment, not yet allowing his anger to subside, only choosing its next direction of projection.  The guard, was he questioned?
That is the problem, Milord, the guard cannot be found.  We searched high and low on the grounds, but could not find him.  It is assumed, for obvious reasons, that the two are fled together.
For obvious reason?  What is that supposed to mean?  What obvious reasons?  The prince demanded.
At this the man hesitated, searching for the right words.  Milord, the woman is very beautiful indeed, that certainly has not passed unnoticed by the prince, pardon me for saying so, I believe that is reason enough for one, such as her guard is, to be persuaded, by certain promises, to release her at her bidding.  The servant paused, gauging whether he should continue or not.  The prince only stared at him, not blinking, and not indicating any recognition or reaction from the mans words.  The man continued, haltingly.  Several times I observed the same man and her talking, seemingly in a familiar manner that I was not comfortable with.  I questioned the man, but he always had some valid reason for such a conversation taking place.  I left it at that, until I observed something else.  Here he paused again, this time not seemingly willing to go on.
Something else?  The prince said, his impatience coming through in his voice.
Yes, Milord.  I stumbled upon them . . . that is I was coming to speak with the guard about something important and I . . . that is to say . . . they were locked in a rather romantic embrace . . . kissing.
What!  The prince expostulated.  And still you allowed him to be her guard?  Are you a blind fool man?  Adrian watched as Prince Henry stepped ominously close to the older servant and put his face even with his.  You observed such indiscretions, obviously enormously enough to prove the guard was compromised, disqualified to remain in his position and yet you allowed him to return later to his post?  If Prince Henry expected an answer, he was disappointed.  The man simply could not answer, but only work his mouth up and down, his lips spelling out words that never were uttered.  Speak man, speak!  The prince commanded.
I . . . I . . . Milord, there was no other man.  I searched for one, but could not find a guard or servant available to the task.  It seems that Lord Tasselton was serving guests at the time and could not spare a man.  I did it only with the utmost hesitation and the sternest warnings to the man that nothing such as that must happen again, upon pains of a scourging, thirty lashes I threatened him with, yet Milord it was not enough to dissuade him from the compelling nature of a man.
Just then Orwell came into the room opposite Adrian's location and asked the prince if he might admit a servant that had just arrived from Tasseltons castle.
Bring him in, Orwell.  The prince waited in silence until the man arrived.  
The young lad came in with obvious fear on his face, never before being admitted into the presence of the prince, and now not under favorable circumstances.  He came and bowed to the prince and then dipped his head toward the older servant.
What is it that you bring, what news boy?  Prince Henry assumed a gentler tone with this lad, knowing that he was not a responsible party in this debacle.
Your Highness, he nodded to the older servant.  Master Fowlkes, Jesse has been found.
The older man, now named as Master Fowlkes, started at this news, but the prince remained absolutely immobile, seemingly passive.  Go on.  Was all that Prince Henry said.
He was in the woods nearby; he was tied and bound to a tree just at the edge of the field, facing inward to the wood.  One of our men came upon him just after you left.  He was questioned, but could tell nothing, even under threat; it seems that he was somehow rendered unconscious before being taken away.  We tried to overtake you, but were not able.  I was told to come all the way to the princes door if necessary to give you the information and indeed that is what I have done.  The lad was finished with his delivery.
Thank you lad, you have done well.  Prince Henry called Orwell over to him.  See to it that this lad has been fed and then find him a place to sleep the night through.  Tomorrow he will accompany Master Fowlkes back to Tasseltons estate.
The two departed and the prince turned back to the other man.
There goes our theory of collaboration, it was not under consent that the man was tied up I assure you.  Though under the circumstances your assumption was all that you could come to, and I am sure, truth being told, it certainly had its part in the entire arrangement.  I dare say that once the man recovers from his thirty lashes he will be quite cooperative in the future with assignments such as these, The prince laughed.  He may even beg off of them entirely.  The older man laughed out of deference, but he was beyond humor at this juncture.  Prince Henry continued, All in all, you must start on your return journey tomorrow and organize the men to better search the area.  It is hardly likely that she could have gone far on her own, and I cant see what faction would be compelled to help her, though it is possible that she somehow got word to the outside and secured help on some of her promises, as you put it.  No matter, I want you to go to the villages and hamlets and ask around.  Do not use the name of the crown or myself, but you are free to allow the impression of royal involvement.  I think that you will do a very convincing job of it.  The prince paused for a moment, musing over something.  One more thing, Fowlkes, when you find her, I want you to bring her to me.  Do not allow this disappearance to happen again before you successfully deliver her to my presence.
As you wish, Your Highness, and again I apologize for the circumstances.  It was not at all what I would have wished to happen.  The older man fidgeted with his cap once more, now seemingly anxious to be out of the presence of the incensed crown prince.  Adrian understood the mans desire to make haste; he had felt the same way a few times before.
I am sure that it was not.  Prince Henry stepped back and motioned for the man to follow through the doorway which Orwell had led the young servant that had come with the report of the discovery of Jesse, the unfortunate guard.  You may go now.  I will not be seeing you in the morning so you may depart at your leisure, as long as it is fairly earlier.  I will send word to the stable to have horses ready for you both.  That is all.
The man nearly stumbled over himself getting out.  Prince Henry simply stood where he was, unmoving, staring at something on the wall.  Adrian was adjusting the weight on his feet, preparing to slide back into the hallway that he had come out of too stumble upon the entire exchange.  He was stopped in the middle of his motion.
Do not leave.  The princes voice cut through the silence like a knife, indeed a knife it felt to Adrian, in the pit of his stomach.  Come here, Adrian,
Adrian at first did not move, not out of willing disobedience, but purely out of astonishment.  How did he know that I was here?  Then he tried to move, and found his limbs willing to obey, but in a lethargic manner.  He made his way out of the archway and into the room about six feet from the prince, who had not moved an inch since the servant left.  Adrian stood there, the tension building with each second of silence.  He thought about saying something, but decided against it.  If the prince knew that he had been hiding there he surely knew that he was standing just to his left.  Adrian waited.  The sweat started to break out on his palms, but he did not dry them.  In the intense stillness he began to notice sounds that he had not heard before.  Somewhere in the palace woman were talking, no doubt as they cleaned up the dining room now that the guests left.  He thought he heard Raleigh calling Orwell.  Then he just stared at the ground letting the sounds filter in and out of his mind waiting for Prince Henry to speak.
Suddenly Prince Henry turned to Adrian.  His voice was harsh and angry.  Do not rejoice, Adrian, for she will be the ruin of you yet!
Adrian was confused by the princes words.  Who is he talking about?  Did he mean Salina?  Had the prince somehow become aware of their feelings for one another and was now forbidding him to . . . what?  Rejoice?  That did not make sense.  Especially in light of what had just transpired upon the balcony.  He had no reason to rejoice, for he knew that he had desperately hurt Salina; woman did not suffer rejection well after having made themselves so vulnerable to a man as she had.  Indeed he was hurt himself at hers and his actions; it was not easy for him to do what he did.  The fact was that he could do nothing else.  He was sworn to purity and if he wanted to be a Holy Knight, he had to remain that way.  He could not break the vow which he had taken.  He hoped that she understood that.
Then it came to him forcefully!  It was not Salina that the prince meant, it could not be!  Adrian then perceived that Prince Henry had hidden her away, trying to keep her from Adrian and interfering in his loyalties, as took place at the tournament.  It was not Salina that he spoke of . . . it was Victoria Marie!


Chapter XXX

Upon this same night, by chance, rode the small troop of four, Isaac, Roderick, Fallston, and Hermann.  Day and night they had ridden, foraged, scouted, and questioned those local French whose answers were awarded with coins.  Sleep had been little for them and food only enough to sustain, but now they were approaching their destination.
The pieces of the puzzle had fallen together without much mental undertaking on their part.  It seemed that some of the villages had heard of the recaptured bride of the duke of Chaumont, Frances de Cousteau.  It was also rumored, to the mens great relief at the time, that he had been away and was not able to complete the wedding ceremony or the taking of his bride, whichever he intended.  This had pleased the hearts of Isaac and those with him and their traveled with hope upon their shoulders, in the stead of the heavy weight of chance.
They topped the low hill and looked out upon the scene below.  It was a glorious sight!  The castle was not enormous, but was set perfectly upon a low rise in the terrain below and surrounded by formidable walls.  Isaac could see outlying buildings in the fallen darkness, most farmhouses and tried with the last light to trace a line through their midst that he might attain the gate before detection.
Within the castles walls were numerous buildings of fine construction and all seemed to be gaily lit, as if a feast or celebration were taking place on this evening.  Isaac did not know if it were an event other than normal, but nonetheless, it somehow made him nervous.  He called Fallston over to his position in the trees.  He came up from the horses in a crouched walk.
Yes, Isaac.  He knelt down beside the man.
Fallston, what do you make of it?  Isaac indicated the castle.
Well, it is hard to say in this light, but I believe that we may be able to reach the castle fairly undetected if we twist our pathway just right.  Fallston concurred with Isaacs conclusion.
Right.  That is the same conclusion that I arrived at, I am glad to hear that you feel the same confidence, but really I am referring to the castle itself.  Look at it.  It is as brightly and gaily lit as if, well as if . . . Isaac did not like the thought that had just crept into his mind.
As if there were some ceremony, a celebration, maybe even a wedding feast taking place.  Fallston solemnly and quietly finished.
Isaac pounded the grass covered knoll with his fist.
Not after all of this, God please, not now!  He felt the hot tears start coming to his eyes, not out of sorrow for himself, but at the prospect of returning empty-handed to the baron, shattering his seemingly divine dream into thousands of irreparable shards.
Isaac we cannot give up, we do not know what they are doing down there.  It could very well be some sort of party and nothing more.
You are right Fallston, but recognize the urgency that you feel even as you speak your words of reassurance and comfort; it is not as you suggest it hopefully might be, it is for the Duke, somehow for him, that much I know.
Fallston was quiet for some time and stared with Isaac trying to make out individual figures and their business that they went about.  He spoke up with a new idea.  Maybe they are preparing for the arrival of Sir Frances Cousteau and not at it!
You mean to say that you think he is arriving, but has not yet arrived?
Yes, that is entirely possible.
Yes, it is.  Isaac admitted.  Fallston get the rest of the men, tell them to picket the horses and come up to our vantage point.  If we have any chance we are going to have to monopolize upon the assumption that the Duke of Chaumont has not yet arrived.
They came up and he outlined his plan to them.  He spoke of the greatest danger involved in such a scheme, but they pushed this aside and pledged their lives to Isaacs leadership and at his disposal.  All that they had was taken anyway, if their venture was not successful it would not cause them personally any greater loss, but for a surety it would break the heart of the baron.  They all agreed then and knelt to pray.  After a minute or so in prayer, which Isaac led, they crossed themselves, stood, and swiftly went to their horses.
~
Qui passer l? The voice called out from atop the wall, who goes there?
Servants and messengers of our master.  Fallston was the only one of the party that knew French well enough to be the one to converse.  Isaac had instructed him to speak before God and not to lie, only speak the truth.  He had said that if God had foretold their success to the baron then He needed not the help of mans feeble maneuvers to bring it about.  Fallston obeyed Isaac, casting his life into the arms of Providence at such logic.
The Duke, Sir Frances?  The guard upon the wall called back in question to Fallstons statement.
Fallston hesitated only an instant and then spoke.  He is not here yet?  The question did not have the inflections or intonations of such and Fallston prayed that it would be true and received as a statement from the guard.  His body was tensed waiting for the dreaded answer that would erase all hopes and certainly put their lives in immediate jeopardy.  It was not to be.
This we know, we are preparing even now for his arrival late tonight.  You bring word from him?  Fallston breathed out a sigh of relief and crossed himself in thanks to Heaven.  Isaac and the others saw the sign and they too relaxed, crossing themselves as well.  They had caught a word here and there, but they could not follow the conversation entirely.
Is this any way to communicate an important message; shouting at one another?  Open the gate so that we might speak plainly without strain.  Fallston hoped that the man would not question his motive and grow suspicious.  Events were on their side.  They had arrived before the duke, the castle was awaiting word from him, and they were not suspect.  
The gate began to lift, creaking only slightly, but as it lifted Isaac could tell it was well-constructed, for it fairly flew upward.  Fallston looked at Isaac with a gleeful look of surprise upon his face, his heart in his throat.  Isaac nodded to Fallston, and as agreed he led the party forward, now unimpeded through the open gate.  Their pulses were racing and their senses were heightened to full awareness as well as excitement, drunk on the flow of adrenaline that now flooded their systems at being upon such deadly enemies threshold.
Isaac could hardly believe that they were inside that easily.  He whispered to Fallston, who nodded in acknowledgement.  The question had been pounding in Isaacs mind since they had started forward upon the castle grounds.  Should he request the gate to be left open?  The usual custom was to close it immediately after allowing ingress of persons.  His decision was conveyed to Fallston in his quiet whisper.  They allowed the gate to be closed.
Stay where you are and I will be there in a minute.  The guard shouted down to them.  Several others gathered around, but did not say anything, obviously waiting for the captain of the guard to descend and speak with the four men.  Their wait was endured with curious stares, which the men pushed aside out of feigned confidence, though Isaac scanned each face to see if he could recognize any of them from that fateful raid, he could not.  After a minute or two the four men were accepted, though they were not known, and the stares ceased.  Conversation sporadically broke out among the gathers men and they were not forgotten, but simply ignored for the moment.
Finally, the captain of the guard came down and walked up to the men, still mounted on their horses.  Fallston spoke as was planned, apprehension that should have been there was not, for he was committed to die, so he did not speak in fear.
Would you have the moisture of our journey to mold us before you come here and hear what we have to say?  Fallston spoke in terse tones, yet somewhat in jest, for the sake of the mans pride.
I am sorry; I had to relock the gate before I came down.  The man did not even blink an eye at the demand of Fallston.  Good!  Thought Fallston, he is used to taking orders. 
About the gate.  Fallston added.  We will be leaving shortly to go to our master, so tell one of your men to release the locking mechanism, we will not be long, our master is anxiously awaiting.
The man looked at him curiously and then at the other men.  
I dont believe that I know who you are.  He said somewhat cautiously, but not with suspicion.  What are your names?
I am Fallston; this is Isaac, Roderick, and Hermann.  He spoke truthfully.  
The man eyed them and then said, Hermann, that is a strange name, it almost sounds German or the like.
It is.  He came from a country near Germany.  Fallstons voice did not waver though he was slightly nervous at this observation.  Hermann, who did not know of what they said, could tell that they were speaking of his name and he did recognize the word German.  His heart came to his throat, but he nodded and allowed a small smile to come on his face.  
Why is it that I do not know you?  The man persisted, again cautious, for he was convinced by the confidence that Fallston displayed.
I might ask the same of you.  Came the quick reply.
Indeed.  The captain admitted.  Only it seems strange.
Maybe or maybe not, Fallston took a risk.  What is your name and country?
My name is Rico de la Sierras of Spain.  The man said proudly.
Spain, yet I do not know you.  Fallston retorted.  Should I not question you, not you question I?  How am I to know of your fealty to our master?
I have been with him for three years.  The man said defensively.  I do not need to be questioned.
Fallston only laughed.  Three years.  That is all.  What say you to fifteen years of service, as I have completed.
Why have I never seen you then?  The captain was not so much suspicious, only now trying to redeem his position and save face in front of his men.
It is probably very near to the answer to my question; why have I never seen you?  Fallston chuckled once again, this time it held a real, relaxed sense of humor behind it.  So you see my dear captain, we are both in the same position.  Now, let me speak to you of my errand lest our master grow impatient at our delay.
Satisfied with the outcome, the captain sent a guard to unlock the gates mechanism and heard out Fallston.
We are sent to tell you that our master will not be here tonight.  He sent us on alone.  He wants you to send Genevieve, his bride, to him with any other woman that she needs in attendance.  We are to meet him elsewhere so that he might be reunited with his wife.
The captain did not like this.  What of the feast, of the preparations?
Continue the preparations, but our master will plan a feast that will surpass any that you would prepare tonight after we take Genevieve to him.
I dont know how much the people are going to like that.  He said uncertainly.
Like it or not it is what we have been ordered.  Do not fear, you shall have your feast in due time.  Fallston looked to Isaac, who nodded ever so slightly.  Now, we must be taken to the lady.
Certainly, what of your horses?  The captain asked.
We will be riding them back tonight.  Do not take the gear from them, but do water and give them grain.  Also, we will be requiring horses for the woman.  See to it that they are ready immediately.  Fallston purposely turned away and looked about him as if he had no doubt that his orders would be obeyed without question and indeed they were.  They dismounted and their horses were taken.  As Isaac watched them taken to the stable he saw four others brought out.  Four!  He thought.  There are four woman.  Not as many as he had hoped there would be, but certainly thankful that there were any left with Genevieve.  Their husbands, of fathers, were they alive, would be overjoyed at seeing them again.
Right this way.  The captain indicated to Fallston.  They followed and he took them across the courtyard and into a narrow passage way.  This brought them to the edge of a garden, which could be seen for its beauty even in the darkness, lit only by torches.
Up these stairs.  The captain pointed.  I will go before you to announce your arrival to the lady.  He went up the stairs and they followed, with each step their hopes building.
Down another hallway and then before a great door they went.  Here they stopped.  The captain motioned for the two servants to step aside and knocked upon the great door, then pushed it open.  The men stepped inside. They were in an anteroom and there stood a maid on hand who had heard the knock.  The captain told her to get the Lady Genevieve.
Lady Genevieve appeared a short time later.  She was dressed for the feast and seemed to be somewhat disturbed at the summons by the maid, who said it was the captain of the guard that requested an audience; surely Sir Frances had arrived, and the dreaded meeting was to take place.
Isaac waited, knowing this would be one of the most dangerous aspects of their plan; her reaction.  He had instructed the other men on this moment as well; there must be no surprise, no recognition, certainly no acknowledgement of their mission, he hoped that she would know what to do.  She did.
When Genevieve saw the men behind the captain she only glanced at them momentarily and purposely pulled her gaze from them, though deep within her that latent hope sprang up and nearly choked her words with tears of joy, yet she refrained for the sake of wisdom.  Her face did not display any recognition or emotion other than a faint trace of annoyance.
Yes, Captain, what is it that you desire of me just now?  She spoke in a manner that she hoped would make the man feel ill at ease and further be discomfited, incapable of piecing together the devastating miracle that was happening around him.  Genevieve prayed in her heart that all would work as Providence mercifully must desire by the sending of these four angels, all of whom she recognized, especially Isaac.  He was the only one that she recognized as being there on that fateful day.  She realized that very possibly the others were all killed.
I beg your pardon, Milady, but these men have come with news of the Dukes nearness, they have a message for you and also require something at your hand.  He spoke in tones of contrition, trying not to upset, but to appease the obvious inopportunity that he had caused his masters soon-to-be-bride, or mistress.
Very well, thank you Rico.  You may go now I will see what it is that they desire.
Yes, Milady.  The man bowed, and stepped back ready to withdraw from them.
Also, Captain, I do not have to tell you that if Sir Frances desires something he will be most angry at every moment of delay.  Let it not be at your hand that any occurs.
Certainly not, Milady, the horses are being saddled even now we will have them ready in a moment.  He spoke with conviction, conveying his efficiency was worthy of notice and honorable mention to his master.
Horses?  Genevieves features gave way to slight surprise and elation at the prospect of what readied horses might indicate.
Fallston stepped forward.  Allow to explain me, Lady Genevieve.  He nodded to the receding captain.  Thank you Captain Rico, I will make mention of you to our master, please have the gate opened for us when we get to the horses.
As you wish, Fallston.  The door shut and they were standing there face to face, no one speaking, only staring; Genevieve from man to man and all at her.  For some time no one moved.  It was as if they were trying to fathom the depths of reality to see if it was only a dream.  Lady Genevieve was the first to make a move.  She fell down on her knees and grasped Fallstons hand.
Thanks be to God, Fallston, thanks be to God!  Tears of joy were coming to her eyes.
Milady . . . Fallston spoke with uncertainty.
Lady Genevieve, Isaac stepped forward and spoke in their tongue.  Is it safe?
Safe?  She seemed to ponder the word, as if she did not understand, but sought out the meaning and implication.
The woman.  Isaac indicated the maid and other woman, and then he recognized them!  They were all from the estate!  
It is safe.  Genevieve said with a smile.  We are alone.
Then there burst forth from behind Isaac and Fallston, Hermann and he ran past them, past Genevieve and into the arms of the tearful woman that had stood restraining her heart and body with every ounce of human strength.  Nita reached her arms out and grasped her husband with all of her strength!  
Impossible!  Unbelievable!  Heaven had smiled upon them with more blessings then they even imagined.
The reunion was short-lived.  Isaac knelt and lifted Genevieve to her feet, kissing her hand.  Milady, if you will allow me the temporary irreverence in giving you an order, we must leave now.  You must get only what is necessary for the journey and nothing else.  Time is of the most paramount importance.  We know not how far Sir Frances is from us as we stand here trying to grasp the miracle that has just come.  In short, Milady, we are not out of Hades yet.
Genevieve took one look at the urgency in Isaacs face and ordered her woman to prepare.  She stood there and looked at Isaac, wondering how these things had come about.
Milady, begging your pardon, but you must get ready.  Isaac repeated.
I am ready Isaac.  I will go as I am.
Very well, but prepare some sort of parcel for spare things, if nothing else we must make our escape appear as though it is a rendezvous with the duke.
Genevieve nodded and in a very few minutes returned with a cloak on her and a small parcel wrapped in a fine material.  The other women were also ready.  Isaac indicated for them to leave.
One thing more.  He turned upon reaching the door.  Fallston is the leader in this portion of our undertaking, he is the only one of us that knows French well enough to play the part.  You must act accordingly.  He looked at Nita and Hermann as they held each others hand.  I am sorry, Hermann, but you cannot be allowed even near your dear wife.  I know this is going to be difficult, but we must all resume our presence of mind and realize that any mistake in our act may very well be the last that we ever make.  With this he pushed the door open and allowed Fallston to take the lead. 

Dear reader, I must sincerely make an apology, for it is not my intention to interrupt this tale continually for the purpose of only suspending its completion and flow.  I wish that you might know all things as they passed, without any error in relating it to you, and because of this I have attempted to piece together, with the greatest care, events as they happened on this night.
This night in our tale is of the utmost consequence.  It is the enlightenment to many things, the resolution to some of our cares and concerns, though not all.
This having been said, I would humbly ask your patience with me as I try to put transpirations in the most accurate sequence that I am aware of concerning this tale.

As Prince Henry was talking with the servant, Fowlkes, and shortly thereafter Adrian, as the four saviors, sent by Baron Godfrey, were making contact and communication with the object of their mission, other things were also transpiring.
Sir Gilbert was waiting in the anteroom of the princes part of the castle when he heard a commotion outside the doors.  A man of great awareness as he was, as well as action, he immediately went to see what it was about.  Perhaps it was Sir John Oldcastle, finally found and now struggling with the princes men.  Perhaps it was the others had recently met with the king and were discovered.  Perhaps it was the kings men seeking to gain entry and audience with the prince that he might account for the recent strange goings on, as well as goings to and fro.  Perhaps one of these, but as Sir Gilbert discovered it was none.
It was a man that Gilbert had never seen before.  He was of medium height and was built to a fairly stocky degree, yet was obviously not a physically active soul, his middle showed that much.  The man was struggling to get past the two guards and they were pushing him back.  Each time he tried to push through, with words of urgency, they would shove him back and demand that he not try again.  This resulted in a string of mild oaths and renewed argument to his actions highest importance.  The guards remained unconvinced and as Sir Gilbert could see were nearing the point of extreme action to keep this insolent, unknown man from assaulting the steps of the princes lodgings any further.
Gilbert called down the stone steps to all three.  Halt!  None of you take further action, stand where you are, I would speak with the man.  With this he descended and pushed past the two guards and faced the man.  The man was dressed well enough, but Gilbert could see that he was not of the gentry, only a well-to-do merchant.  The man nodded in acknowledgement of Sir Gilberts presence.  Sir Gilbert spoke.
What is this row all about?  With whom am I speaking?  He was not harsh, but was to the point in his manner.
Sir, I am sorry, but I have come here with a very important request for a man in the princes service, a man that used to be an apprentice to me, my name is Waldo and I am a silversmith.  Waldo completed the sentence and drew a deep breath for his struggles and continuing stream of urgings upon the guards had left him quite breathless.
Waldo the silversmith you say?  Gilbert extended his hand.  I am Sir Gilbert.  I believe that I have heard of you . . . yes I have at that.  Waldo took it and shook it heartily.  Sir Gilbert relaxed his manner and smiled.  What is it that can be done for you; whom do you seek?
Kind Sir, Waldo was elated that he actually might be speaking with someone sensible and that his request could very possible be granted.  I seek Adrian of Essex, now in the princes company.  I must speak with him.
I am afraid that cannot be.  He is very engaged at the moment with the prince and with guests.  What is it that you wish to see him about?  
Waldo reached into his waistband and pulled out a small packet, opened it and withdrew the contents, a letter.
It is this sir that brings me here.  Waldo hesitated an instant then continued.  I wish no ill to come to Adrian, but I have brought another such letter to him before and he asked one of the kings scribes, whom he knew well, to read it and tell us what it said.  I was hoping that I might receive the same favor of Adrian.
This was no surprise to Sir Gilbert, that this man needed a scribe, it was very few folk who could read or write.  He was not surprised at what Adrian had done, it sounded like him, kind and helpful as best he could be to an old friend.  There would be no scribe tonight, though.  It was too late to retrieve one from the kings service and besides that the less that he appeared on this evening within the kings palace, the better.
If you dont mind.  Gilbert held out his hand.  Give it to me and we shall know of its contents.
Oh, I am much obliged sir, it is an important document, of that I am sure.  Waldo handed it to Gilbert.  You are going to rouse the scribe yourself?
Nay, I will read it myself and tell you what it says.
Very well, sir, that is most kind of you.  Waldo said with a new respect in his eyes for this man, for he could read.
Come let us go inside.  Gilbert turned and went past the two guards who were parted now and made his way up the stairs.
Pardon my excitement earlier lads, I did not wish any ill.  Waldo said in passing to the expressionless guards.  They only grunted in acknowledgement.
The anteroom was well lit by torches and candles.  They sat upon chairs on either side of a small table and Sir Gilbert broke the seal and opened the letter.  He scanned quickly down the second page to see who it was from.  A Baron Godfrey von Dornbirn.  He had never heard of him or Dornbirn.
It is from a Baron Godfrey.  Gilbert said as he went back to the first page.
That is what I thought.  Wonderful, it must be another order for goods.  I have already made and sent him a full set of wares.  He spoke of further orders should my work be satisfactory, it must be so.
Quite.  Gilbert replied, his brows now furrowed in concentration at the letter.
~
Waldo fiddled and fidgeted unceasingly as he waited for the man to finish the letter.  He was in an even greater state of excitement at this prospective lucrative news.
~
Gilbert read through the introduction; salutations, thank yous, pleasure at the fine ware, etcetera, but what caught his eye and stopped his heart was near the bottom of the first page.

. . . it is with heavy sorrow that I write these next words, for though I intending your fine craftsmanship to be gift for my wife, when I returned, it was to great tragedy.  My dear wife, of whom I spoke with you and your lovely companion about, Genevieve, is gone.  She was taken away from our estate while I was away, the raiders obviously having knowledge of my absence.  It is a long story, which I will not relate to you, for the sake of haste  Nevertheless, I have great reason to believe that it is a certain Sir Frances de Chaumont, now duke of the region, of the House of Cousteau that took her away.  This order that I . . .

Gilbert could not see the words before him any further!  Genevieve?  He had doubted when he first saw the name, knowing that the chances of it being his dear Genevieve of so many years before were near none, but at the mention of Sir Frances Cousteau, there was no doubt remaining in his mind.  It was dear Genevieve.  He gripped the pages in silence staring at the name, then reading the words over and over again.  Genevieve taken by Sir Frances, after all these years?  It was unseemly, at best and ruthlessly evil at worst.  Why?
Sir, can you read it?  What does it say?  Waldo felt that it was certainly taking a longer amount of time than last to even get through the first page.
Gilbert questioned him on how well he had known the baron.  Waldo looked perplexed but answered his questions.  Then Gilbert asked him what he knew of his wife.  At this Waldo told a story which Sir Gilbert only knew too well.  Waldo saw the expression on his face as he told the part of Genevieves virtual imprisonment at the age of sixteen.
Oh my!  He put his hand on the table, with a slap.  It cannot be . . . Waldo stared at the man looking at him from across the table.  Gilbert, Sir Gilbert, is it you?
Gilbert nodded.  It is the same.
This is extraordinary.  I dont know what to make of it.  I would ask you many questions, but I know that is inappropriate.  Waldo put his hands to his head.  My, my, what a coincidence!  I do not know what to do.
With your leave.  Gilbert indicated the letter.  I will finish this for you.  If you will come back in two or three days, I would like to send a letter in return to the baron.  You need not tell me any further of the tale which you were just now, for I know it all too well.
Yes, indeed.  Two days you say?  Just as you wish.
Gilbert finished the letter and gave the anticipated order to Waldo, his astonished face now even more so at the quantity.  This finished the men stood.
I must go now.  Gilbert announced.
And so must I.  Waldo held out his hand.  Sir Gilbert, you are most kind and I thank you for your services.  I will see you two days from hence.  They bid each other good evening.

~
Adrian walked back outside, his world now spinning uncontrollably.  He did not know where he was, what he was about, or how he felt.  It was all a swift current of thoughts going into the same whirlpool, Victoria was alive!  Yet, he knew that only minutes before he had felt and known his care and love for Salina.  Now he was not sure how he felt.  It was a very confusing and frustrating state of mind to be in and he needed answers.
He approached Salina, his eyes distant and simply stood by her side for several long minutes.
Adrian.  Salina began.  I really must apologize to you.  I understand some things now that I was not willing to see before.  I am sorry for my brazen actions and I have determined to be wholly honest with you.  She looked at him.
Adrian turned and met her gaze.  His interest was piqued.  Wholly honest?  He thought.  Maybe he would get answers.
I would like very much to hear what you have to say.  Adrian stood erect and grasped her hand.  Let us go sit down against the wall on those chairs.  He led her to two sun chairs and they sat down.
What I want to say first, Adrian, is that I am sorry for tempting you to go against your principles.  It is just that I have never met someone as yourself, who really believed in chivalry as they said that they did.  I did not expect it of you.  I must say that you are about the most perfect man, the most perfect person that I know.
Please, Salina, do not flatter me.  Adrian was weak and did not want to be swayed in his emotions.  I am not perfect.  If you only knew who I truly was inside, you would withdraw in great distaste and disdain.
As I knew you would speak.  Salina smiled.  Adrian, you think yourself imperfect, and I allow you that fact, but dont you see that is something that does indeed make you better than most?  You know that you are!
I am going to speak and I am not going to flatter you, neither will I allow you to interrupt me.  I am speaking the truth as I have never in my life spoken before.  It is not facts of life and events that I am being truthful about.  It is the passages of my heart, guarded against the brilliant light of truth, that I know sift through and find in them revelations that I never knew existed!  Adrian it is you that have brought me down into the cellar of my heart and shone a torch of light upon that which I truly am.  How did I ever become this person, I ask myself, and I am suddenly bombarded with memories and decisions that led me to this fate.  It is my doing, that is all.
Adrian, you may not understand this, but there is something about you that looks deep within a person and stirs emotions and thoughts long forgotten, indeed emotions that have been denied and thoughts that have been persistently told not to exist, that they were not true, but they are!  Dont you see?  They are true!  That is what I didnt want to see.  That it was more than the moment, more than the desired future that mattered.  You have shown me that principles matter, that loyalty to ones self, is the most important thing.
Pardon my interruption.  This I hope you will allow me.  Adrian put his hand up.  It is not loyalty to ones self, though it mistakenly appears as such.  It is loyalty to something higher than ones self.  It is that which is right that we take to be our own, we claim moral law, we claim truth, we claim principles and say they are our own convictions and beliefs.  It is these things that we are loyal to, not ourselves.  He was finished.
That is what I meant, but as always you have spoken it more precisely than I ever will.  That is why you appear strong; it is what you believe in that is strong.  I have seen that morals are stronger than the lack of them, truth is stronger than a lie or self-deceit, those things that you hold as your own give you the strength that I desire.
That you desire?  Adrian looked intently at her.  Did she not care for me, only what I possess?  The thought was hurtful and troubling.  Was it only about herself and what she saw and could receive from me?  Her next words seemed to answer.
I desired you because of what you meant to me, what you represented, not because of who you truly were as a person.  When I looked at you I saw my future in the light of hope and that is desperately what I wanted.  You know then, that it was selfish, only selfish.  I am admitting that to you and do not know what effect it has on your impression of me, but I will speak it anyway.  Here she paused, then went on with a heavy sigh.
The truth is my father wishes me to marry a man.  He is wealthy beyond what I ever would have dreamed of becoming and that is what I desired, but when I saw you I saw in you what this man did not have in all of his possessions, and I coveted it above wealth.  She paused again her voice becoming low, her gaze turned downward.  I see that I can have one or the other, but not both.  You may one day be rich, but that is not your goal and I had a decision to make.  I feared that you would leave me alone and I wanted you to decide for me.  I wanted you to take me away from myself and my decisions.  I was being irresponsible.
Adrian put his hand out to hers.  Now, Salina, dont be too hard on yourself.  She pulled her hand away.
Please, Adrian, I have never had a moment of clarity as I am experiencing, do not stop me, do not hide me away from the truth again.
I am sorry.  Said Adrian and withdrew his hand.
It is simply this; the only way this decision can truly be made is to see it as what it is, selfishness.  The unwillingness to endure the knowledge that I cannot have all that I desire, that I must make choices, even as I made them in the past and suffered for them,  choices to determine my future, my life.  They must be decisions between what is right and what is wrong, what is temporal and what is lasting, what is tangible and what is known only in the heart and soul.  These are the decisions that I must make!  Salina brought her head up and gazed in Adrian's eyes.  She was crying.  Adrian, then I see that all these decisions are new to me, but they are not to you.  You have already made many of them and what I desire is the result of your self-denial, your seeking for the higher road.  I want it the result, but am reticent and unwilling to walk the same road.  Her lip trembled slightly and she suppressed a sob.  I feel as though I might weep.  It is not just for the pain that I feel, but also the pain that I know you must feel also, even now, even minutes ago when I so despicably pursued you so.  You made the decision, without consideration to the pain and anguish.  You are truly all that I wish that I could be, and of course be a woman.  It is your values that I wish that I had known, but even then I see that I could have known them, only when they came knocking I dismissed them from my hearts threshold in disrespect and annoyance.  It was my decision, but you . . . you are so much a man.  You are so honorable, so righteous among men . . .
Salina!  Adrian spoke up.  You do not know what I am.  How do you know what manner of man I am?  You cannot call me righteous, only God can do that.  I am a man of temptations and weaknesses.  I desire just as well as you.  I am not exempt from the struggles of this life and this body.
So you make my point.  You have pushed on beyond the valley of struggle, the valley of decision, and have taken the mountaintop of enlightenment.  Salina reached over and grasped Adrian's hand in her own, tender enough to convey her affection, but hard enough to keep him from escape.  Adrian, all that remains for me to do is this one thing.  She stood, still grasping his hand and bent to her knees in front of his chair.  I put myself at your feet.  I am yours for your bidding, not as I meant before, but as your handmaiden, your servant of love, if you so desire.  I am speaking that which I must for truths sake, for loves sake, and now with the realization that I truly need you and I should act as though I do.  Salina looked up at Adrian, expectantly, her heart truly humble, her will truly broken and submissive, and waited for his reply.
Salina . . . I  . . . She heard Adrian stutter for the first time.  Salina . . . I . . . dont know what to do.  He shook his head as the tears began to sting his eyes and gripped her hand with desperate force.
Adrian! She sensed it.  What is wrong?  What is it?
Adrian put his other hand to his face and covered his eyes.  He was so desperate for guidance, but it did not come.  He did not know what to say, what to do; he was without the answer.  What am I going to do?  God of Heaven, I know not what I am to do!  He was faced with yet, another painful decision, but was not truly guided by experience or principles, he was left up to his own heart.  Salina, was there and she was truthful, she spoke to him in the terms of sincerity that he had not believed a woman would ever, could ever bring herself to honestly do, yet she had!  Nevertheless Victoria Marie was alive.  He had loved her before he had ever known Salina, and actually had clung to her memory even till now, yet she was alive.  He felt torn in two, as though he was in love with two different people at the same time and wanted desperately to deny neither of them.  The deep emotion and passion that Victoria stirred with Adrian, the deepest that he had ever known, Salina did not sir in him.  Yet, that which Salina displayed even now, that ability to be completely honest, to communicate, to see and understand, to know and feel as he felt, he knew that Victoria was incapable of.  Yes, he did love them both, but for two different reasons.  In their own right, in their own way, in their own existence they were both good woman, with good hearts, but he did not know which he must choose between the two and obviously it had come to that.
Adrian, please.  Look at me.  He did.  You look as though you were in torment just now.
Oh, Salina I am in more than I could ever express to you!  Adrian lamented.
Is it me, my words, which have done so to you?  I wish it not!
Nay, you are a comfort to me beyond what I had ever hoped for.  You have done what I denied any woman could do, with honesty and transparency.  It is just that . . . He wiped the tears from his eyes again and stood, pulling his hand from her, she released it.  She moved out of the way and then stood in front of him.
Adrian walked to the balustrade and looked out into the darkness, trying to get a hold on himself.  Salina stood where she was and turned with him, watching intently, fear gripping her heart.  What was wrong?  She made slow steps in pursuit and came up beside him and stood there enduring the silence for his sake, for she longed to speak.
Suddenly, Adrian turned and grabbed her shoulders and held her at arms length, staring at her, sorrow in his eyes.
Oh, Salina, you are a good woman.  It is so difficult for me to do this . . .
Please, Adrian, I cannot bear this suspense any longer.  Salina pleaded.  Just tell me what it is no matter how troubling!  She shook in his grasp, her body trembling with emotion, barely able to sustain the stress of the scene for much longer.
Salina, Salina, what am I to do?  I know not and my soul is tormented.  I have just spoken with the prince.  Victoria Marie is not dead, she is alive.
Salina stared at him in utter horror, realizing that her situation was suddenly worsened.  She put her hands to her face and uttered a low, barely audible wail, heart-rending and pitiful.  She pulled away from Adrian and ran down the steps to her servants and then rushed off into the night.
Adrian watched her go, numb from it all, and then turned and went inside, suddenly realizing that the moon had just began to peak over the horizon and he must prepare for his instructed task.


Chapter XXXI

Attempting to appear perfectly at ease the band of eight made their to the front gate, retracing the steps the men had made less than ten minutes before.  Fallston was playing his part very well indeed and in spite of how difficult it might truly be Hermann and Nita were as far apart as was possible in the small group.  Genevieve took up her place next to Isaac and pressed his hand before they rounded the corner from the garden to the open yard leading to the castles gate.  She thanked him for everything, to which he replied it was an honor and was thankful himself on the account that he could be of service and repay the fiends that had done the deed on that fateful day.
All was going well considering the ruse that must be played out if complete freedom was to be theirs.  Freedom, that is, from the walls of captivity; they must still make their way over three hundred miles of terrain, most of it upon foreign soil.  Yes, all was going well . . . then it happened.
They were just stowing gear upon the horses when a sentry upon the wall cried out.  Isaac looked at Fallston in total fear, which he quickly replaced with resolution.
Captain of the guard!  The sentry rang out.  There is a party of horses approaching!
The captain was on hand, helping with Genevieves things, and stepped a few feet away to make a reply.
How many and from what direction?
I cannot tell how many sir, but they are coming from the northeast.  Sir Frances men!  There appears to be fifteen to twenty, sir.  They have torches with them and it casts a glow on more than a dozen horses and men.
Ill be.  The captain took upon his face a thoughtful and perplexed expression.  Twenty men with horses and torches?  Who could they be?  He looked about him as if searching for some evidence of an answer around him.  His eyes fell unintentionally upon Fallston, who was talking with Isaac.  He made as if to approach them and the two parted.  He could not tell if it was from deference to him or because they did not wish to be overheard.
Did you hear the sentry, Fallston?  Fallston looked directly at him, not a hint of fear on his face, which he felt in his heart.
Indeed I did.
I wonder who it could be.  Rico mused more to himself than to Fallston, though seeking an answer.
Northeast?  Twenty men?  It is difficult to know.  How far out are they?
Excellent question!  I will find out.  He repeated the question to the sentry.
Just over two miles would be my guess, sir.  It is hard to tell in the dark like this.
Ten minutes, fifteen at most, thought Fallston.  It was not enough!
Good job man.  He said then shouted up to the man on watch over the gate.  Gate watch, lock the gate down.
Fallston froze and stared at Rico and then at Isaac.  He could not tell Isaac what the man had just said, but by the look on his face he was sure that Isaac knew what it meant.  They were trapped!  As Rico came back over to them Isaac gave Fallston a nod so slight that had not Fallston been looking for directions he would not have saw it, then Isaac turned and mounted up on his horse.
We will be mounting up now.  Fallston told Rico as he came over.
Now?  But you cannot leave!  Rico looked at Fallston as if he were crazy.  Didnt he know the danger involved in leaving the castle walls with twenty unknown men approaching and within fifteen minutes of their location.  No, he could not allow them to leave.  They were under his protection now; he was not going to explain to Sir Frances that he had watched his men and women, along with his bride, taken captive right under his very nose outside the walls of the castle.
Yes, we must leave.  Fallston insisted trying not to let the urgency bleed through in his voice.
I cannot let you do that.  Captain Rico insisted right back.  It is too dangerous, we do not know who those men are and I will not take the risk of injury coming to you and the women from beyond what I can prepare for within the walls.
Isaac took a chance and spoke one word.  It meant the same in German as it did in French, as well as sounding the same.  Frances.  Was all that he said.  It was enough, Fallston caught it.
What is that you said, Isaac?  Rico turned to him.
He said that it is Sir Frances men.  Fallston quickly interjected.  No doubt sent here to see how all is faring.
Now the captain was thoroughly confused.  Yes, but I thought that was what your duty was.  Why would he send two parties when he planned on staying in the village nearby?
I am not sure, but it is possible that . . . Then Fallston told the lie that he repented of many times over in the years to come.  . . . he was worried whether we made it or not.  It is possible that these men are our escort.  Then he went on after a seconds thought, in a stroke of brilliance.  We really should ride out there.  He indicated beyond the gate.  It is possible that we have taken too long here.
Rico looked at him for several long seconds.  Fallston returned his gaze and then repeated his statement, punctuating it with a bold move.  He grasped his horses reins and swung up into the saddle.
Please ask the porter to unlock the gate and lift it.  Fallston spoke to Genevieve to mount up her horse and the others quickly followed suit.
The captain still looked at them, befuddled and unsure of what to do.  Should he obey this man and risk them danger at his word, or should he exercise his authority on the moment and still refuse to open the gate.
Fallston saw his hesitation and quandary.  He was frightened.  How long had it been?  Two minutes?  Three?  He thought it had been closer to three, maybe even four.  They did not have much time.  He nudged his horse forward, toward Rico and toward the gate.
Captain, I can see that you are unsure of what to do.  I ask you to trust me on this one.  I have no doubt that those men are sent from Sir Frances.  I also have no doubt that the best course of action for us would to be to ride through that gate before they arrive.  He tried to sound authoritative without being offensive.  The last thing he needed right now was an offended captain of the guard.  He did not want to incite the man to stubbornness.
If that is what you want.  Rico still looked unsure, but his body language told Fallston that he would consent.
Indeed, it is.  Fallston leaned over and extended his hand to the man.  Captain Rico it has been a pleasure meeting you.  I will tell our master that you were most kind and helpful.  I dont know if after tonight I will see you for our master has much for me to do far from here.  Goodnight.  With that Fallston turned his horse and rode to face the still closed gate, as if there were not a doubt in his mind that it would swiftly lift before him.
One mile away! The sentry called out.  Five minutes, maybe six.  Fallston steeled himself against panic.  Why hasnt the gate opened?  He thought.  Then he saw why.  In one last gallant effort to be accommodating, the captain was himself climbing the steps to do the honors.  Fallston cursed the man in his heart, yet admired him for his loyalty and hospitality to them.  He would be a man that Fallston knew Godfrey would like to have met.
The others were behind him, waiting.  He could hear the frightened, shallow breathing of at least two others.  He looked to the sky above the walls and noticed the moon had made its way above the horizon and now was climbing upward.
Godspeed!  Shouted the honorable captain Rico.  The gate creaked slightly again and then noiselessly and swiftly ascended.  There before them stood the open darkness of freedom, of escape.  Fallston wasted no time.
Till we meet again!  He lifted his hand.  The others followed his gesture and then they rode out of the gate.
The instant they crossed the threshold, they put the heels to their mounts and made for the trees directly to the north, at Isaacs quickly spoken word.  He did not care if the whole castle saw them; they must ride as they had never ridden before.  It would take five minutes for the riders to come up the castle.  Another five to ten minutes to gain entry, talk with the captain of the guard, and for all of the pieces to be put together that they had just been duped.  After that they would expect for Hades to send out its fiery indignation hot upon their heels.  Only Providence would allow them escape.

Somehow, someway they did escape, though our tale does not tell you just now.  I will have to wait to relate that to you until a later time.  For that is a tale in itself; suffice it to say that Providence guided them home and they arrived at the Godfrey estate, fatigued, wounded, hungry, yet eight souls alive, as the Good Book says!
And so closes our narrative of the plight of the virtuous and honorable Genevieve.  Truly she was rewarded from Heaven for her courage to face danger and evil unwavering.  For indeed it was only a matter of minutes before the band of men found out what had happened, but fortunately the duke of Chaumont was not with them.  They sent out riders to meet him as he came in to relate the news and gain instructions.  By this time the lead of the eight riders spared them from the main body of men overtaking them.  This being true they were overtaken with by a few, whom they killed after an ensuing skirmish, barely escaping with their lives.  In this Godfrey was wrong and they were not unthankful that his dream was only a warning not a picture of the unavoidable.

Adrian fingered the key in his pocket as he watched the men on the other side of the gate make their rounds.  There were three of them and they had different routes to their watch that at a single point intersected.  It was when they reached this point that Adrian realized Orwells instructions, for they stopped and began to talk, their voices a faint murmur.
Adrian knew the moment had come.  He pulled the key out of his pocket and reached over to the gates lock from his position beside the low wall and inserted the key.  He rotated the key, which turned easily enough, and heard the faint slide and scrape of the locking mechanism withdrawing.  The gate was unlocked and he pulled it towards him, cringing at the slight metallic groan which was threatening to materialize into a full-fledged squeak.  Luckily for him he did not need a large opening and was able to slip in sideways with minimal movement of the gate.  He closed it slowly, this time he was not so lucky, it let out a short, shrill squeak.  His heart jumped in his chest and he brought the gate fully up against its rest and then reached through the bars, turned the key, relocking the gate, and tried to extract it, but it would not come out.  He twisted it this way and that, but it still would not come.  He had heard exclamations and the cessation of conversation of the soldiers, with his back now to them, but dared not look for the loss of time that it would incur.  
He knew they would come to investigate and so he released the key and sprang into the shadows and backed his way into their depths, watching and awaiting his fate.
A guard approached, cautiously peering this way and that, and then eyeing the gate with a suspicious look that would have made a prosecuting lawyer proud.  He went over to the gate and pushed against it.  It was locked.  Adrian hoped that he would not notice the key protruding out of the other side of the lock.
Humph.  The guard muttered to himself and then began rattling the gate, testing it to see if maybe it had been moving on its own, or if the gate was loose.  It remained locked.  Then to Adrians utter dismay, for he could see the key from his quartering vantage point, he watched it slither loose and start to slip out of the hole, sliding toward the ground.  The guard stopped shaking the gate and Adrian drew a breath of relief as the key stopped its tragic descent and hung by its end.
The guard retreated, retracing his steps to his waiting companions and then seemed to be chiding them for something, probably because they had persuaded him to investigate and it had come foolishly to nothing.
Adrian carefully approached the gate, keeping one eye on the three men, now back to their former conversation, and reached out, taking the key from its precarious dangling position.  He replaced it in his pocket and then slipped back into the shadows of the wall.
The moon was illuminating more of the palace courtyard in its slow, continuous ascent and Adrian found that his eyes were adjusted enough to the semi-light that he did not have to feel his way along.  He made his way beside the wall and saw the entrance that he had been instructed to look for by Orwell.  As he approached he found that he could not see anything beyond its opening.  It was almost an inky black hole in the wall.  Then his mind played a trick on him.  It seemed that the darkness was pulsating every few seconds.  Adrians pulse began to increase its own rhythmic movement at this menacing phenomenon.  Had he only known that it was his brains attempt to do what he was asking of his eyes, which was see into complete darkness, he would not have been worried about it at all.  Nonetheless, he did not know and as he approached the passageway, very slowly placing each foot to the ground, never taking his eyes off of the darkness and what awaited him beyond, he did not see the gloved hand reaching for him.
It caught onto his hood behind him and held fast.  The movement went undetected until Adrians slow progress brought the length of the hood horizontal and thus tugged at his neck.  Before he could cry out a figure appeared behind him, clad in black and just as vaguely outlined as Adrian himself.  The hand released him and an arm shot out and Adrian felt a hand clamp over his mouth.
Adrian, do not move or make a sound.  It was Sir Gilbert.  Thank goodness!  Adrian thought to himself.  Listen we are going to have to take a different route.  This passageway is blocked by some men, I dont know what they are doing or how long they will be there, but we cannot use it.  Now, we must hurry before the guards start moving again.  Come, follow me!  With that Gilbert turned him about and went in the direction that Adrian has just come from!  Adrian followed without a word; he had no choice, he was uncertain in all of this and did not even know if he could have gotten away by himself.  Gilbert did not go all the way to the gate, but stopped by some sort of upright structure, which Adrian could not tell its figure in the dark.
Gilbert looked to the three men that were standing, still conversing and then whispered back to Adrian.  Do as I do, understand?  If they see you and call out do not run, just walk.  With that he straightened himself up, placed his hood over his head, and stepped out directly in a band of light and walked straight across the courtyard.  Adrian hurriedly placed his own hood over his head and followed suit, they were almost back into the darkness when someone called out.
Who goes there?  Adrians insides jumped, but he kept his pace consistent and did not turn around, but stared straight ahead at the back of Gilbert, which steadily moved forward.  I say, who goes there?  The voice called again.  Neither stopped, nor did Gilbert answer and finally the man just shrugged and turned back to his fellows.
They made it into the darkness and Gilbert explained.  It is the last hour of prayer in the chapel; they probably think that we are monks making our way over there.  If we would have ran or answered it would have meant failure for our task.
Which is?  Adrian asked, his own voice a forced whisper.
You will see soon enough?
They made their way around the courtyard, following the perimeter of the wall in the shadows to another passage way on the other side.
This will take some time more than what we had initially planned, but it will have to suffice.  Gilbert said to Adrian as he pressed his way onward through the foreboding blackness, but soon enough they came out on the other side of the passageway and were once again in the growing moonlight.
As they exited the end of the passageway Gilbert slowed down and looked around him.  He came to a full stop and put his hand out for Adrian to be still.  It was very quiet in this section of the palace grounds, but Adrian could hear a faint noise of softly treading feet.  At first he thought that it might be a guard on his watch, or one that someone was following them, but soon realized that it was more than just one pair of feet; there were several and they were nearing their position.
Gilbert cocked his head to one side and listened.  One, two, three, four . . . five?  He was puzzled.  It had sounded to him as though there were five, there should have only been four counting Orwell. No matter he would find out soon enough.
Adrian listened as well, he did not know what to expect.  He watched Sir Gilbert, who seemed to be expecting to meet with someone and was at ease, as much as one could be on this stealthy errand  of which Adrian still knew nothing about.
Just then all treading stopped and there was total silence.  Gilbert waited, listening intently for any other persons that might be close at hand.  After a minute of the seemingly roaring silence, he was satisfied that whoever waited just beyond the shadows were all that were around.  He emitted a low, soft whistle.  A second later it was repeated beyond the open yard.
From the shadows and into the moonlight incrementally appeared one, two . . . five figures.  All had on the same type of garb as what Adrian and Gilbert were wearing.  Adrian noticed that they were hooded as well and in the fleeting moonlight, covered from time to time by miniscule clouds, they were almost as apparitions slowly quivering their way across the open space.  He involuntarily shivered and unconsciously put his hand to his sword hilt.  He looked to Gilberts face and though he could not see it, he tried to read what might be there in the shadow of his hood, by his body language.  Gilbert was not moving a muscle, only rigidly facing the direction of the oncoming group of flickering phantoms.  Adrian stepped up beside him and was prepared to defend themselves against all, come what may, whether spirits, friends, or foes.
When the small group had reached within fifteen feet of them, the lead specter slowly lifted a hand to halt them.
What is the word?  Adrian heard Gilberts voice ask beside him.
Fearless.  Came the quiet reply.
En la nom de?  Gilbert queried further in French.
John de Burgundy.  The second figure in line spoke, answering in French intonations.
Gilbert nodded his hooded head and motioned for them to join him and Adrian in the shadows of the yard.  They came forward, but did not draw right up to them, except for their leader, which had spoken in English; the other four hung back to themselves and waited.
Gilbert spoke to them in French.  Who is the other man that you have with you?
It is an associate of ours that wishes to travel back to France with us.  We were asked to take him and so here he is.
He will not compromise your journey?
I think not, we were paid handsomely enough to see to it that he left and arrived in France in secret.  His desire for secrecy is as great as our own.
Who is the man?
We know not from whence he came only that his name is called, Lorry.
Gilbert asked which man was the one and an individual of the group stepped forward, he was a smaller man than the others, but appeared to harbor confidence.
You will not endanger the lives of these men unnecessarily?  The figure shook its hooded head.  If you do so I will instruct this man, He indicated Adrian, To kill you.  Understood?
This time a nod and the figure stepped back into the group.  Gilbert repeated the instructions to Adrian.
Adrian.  Gilbert turned toward him.  I will be going, now.  You are to go with these men and take them where I tell you.  Understood?
Yes, sir.  Where is it that I am to take them?
That, I will have Orwell tell you in a moment.
Might I ask who they are?
You might, but I cannot tell you who they are, in name, only that they are of the utmost importance to the princes interests and getting them safely to their destination is paramount, undetected of course.
As you wish.
Good then.  Gilbert turned to the leader of the group.  Orwell, you will instruct Adrian further in this matter, but you will defer to his decisions and only advise him once you have begun.
Understood, Milord.  The familiar voice of Orwell issued forth from the darkness of the hooded face.  
Adrian now knew that he had recognized the voice the first time.  If he would have only guessed he would have gotten it right, but it was probably due to the circumstances that he was unable to even think about putting a name to the voice.
One thing more, Adrian.  Gilbert took him by the arm and Adrian felt, rather than saw his eyes peering into his face, though he knew it to be hidden as well.  If you are pursued, you must make the decisions of what to do.  No matter the cost you must conduct these men onward and see to it that they arrive safely!  No excuses or alternatives will be accepted.  His voice sounded very grave and Adrian felt the mist of dangers anticipated arrival come over him.  He was not afraid; rather his heart began to pound with the blood lust of battle that he had known before.  If it was danger, then let it be, but he would see it through!
I must go now.  Gilbert released his arm.  Adieu and bon voyage. He said quietly and then disappeared back down the passageway.
~
Adrian motioned Orwell to come to him.
Orwell, what in the name of all that is sane, is going on?  Adrian was frustrated at knowing so little.  If it was so important and he was to see the task to its end, why had he not been previously informed?
Adrian, sir, I understand your frustration, but there is really nothing to tell; not much on any account.  Orwell spoke in a hushed tone now.  These men are sent from John of Burgundy to the prince.  They were found out and held at the kings request.  They are not prisoners, but they were to be held until the king could speak with them and so it was under a sort of arrest, if you will.  Orwell shrugged his shoulders.  They need to get back to France without any further delay.  It is a matter of life and death for some very prominent people there.  That is why we are conducting them in secret as this.
Adrian nodded his head and looked at the figures, patiently standing by, no faces, no expressions, and manners that belied the edginess they must surely feel, but they were not moving.  They almost appeared as statues of the dark side of unseen watchers.  Adrian tried to dismiss the chill that found its way into his spine by speaking to them.
It is all right men.  We will be on our way shortly.  He smiled and then felt stupid; they could not see his face!
Adrian, Sir, they cannot understand you.  Orwell reminded him of the already forgotten obvious.
Now Adrian felt even more daft.  Finish Orwell.  Was all that he said and was glad of the darkness to hide the redness creeping into his face.
We are to take them to a certain dock down on the Thames.  There is a ship that is waiting for them that will pull anchor one half-hour before sunrise, while the mist is starting to come off the river.  We must have them there before then, for they are to make arrangements of which we know nothing about; it is their business.  Orwell nodded his head to Adrian.  You are to lead now.
Now?  Adrian raised his voice slightly.  How are we supposed to exit the premises?
I do not know.  That was, I was told, your responsibility.
This is absolutely crazy, Orwell!  I have a mind to turn and leave all of you to yourselves.  I do not even know what dock we are to go to.
Neither do I, but it is in the section near Tower Road.  We will not even know the proper place until it is lit by a single torch upon the bow of the ship.
And if there are more than one ship with a single torch upon its bow?
Adrian, Sir, I do believe that is where we rely upon your ability to make your decisions.
Essentially what you are saying then, Orwell, is that we must go, not knowing where, and find, not knowing what, until we are there and have found what it is that we desire, but do not seek.
Orwell shook his head, his hood shaking back and forth.  Sir, I assume that you know what you are saying, for I do not.
Let it be then.  Just then a sound came upon them of approaching men.  Come we must go!  Adrian called to them, in a harsh whisper.
Where?  Orwell asked suddenly overtaken with the urgency of the approaching guards of the king.
Adrian looked around and then saw a gate not too far from where they were.  It was evident by the change in shadow from the dull grey of the wall to the blackness of beyond the gate. 
There!  He pointed.
He quietly made his way with hurried pace in that direction, the others following behind him without a word.  They arrived at it just as the sound of approaching men was increasing; evidently they were coming right where they were.  Adrian was near panic!  This was a preposterous venture!  He put all caution aside at this point and ran to the gate and tried to open it.  It was locked!  Then he heard the men rounding the corner.
Get down!  Adrian hissed as he threw himself flat upon the ground where the opening of the gate afforded a merging shadow with their dark forms.  The others immediately did likewise.
Around the other side of the yard came a rider mounted upon his horse, followed by a large group of soldiers, men-at-arms.  Adrian counted as they emerged.  There were twenty-three counting the rider.  The rider was carrying a torch as were several others in the group.  He hoped that they were not coming in their direction, for surely the torchlight would illuminate their absurd positions they had assumed in attempt to hide.
The men were talking loudly and seemed to be discussing something in hostile tones.
I tell ye, Sir, that they would not have come this way.
The next voice rang in Adrian's ear and he refused to believe it.  Listen to me!  I know what I am about.  They came this way, of that I have no doubt.  The familiar voice drifted to him and the others.  He heard several gasps behind and beside him on the ground and knew that his suspicion was confirmed.  It made no sense at all!  Then suddenly, it seemed to come together.  He had been in a hurry.  That most likely had something to do with it.
The group of grumbling and muttering men neared the center of the yard.
Where to now, Sir.  It seemed the same voice of a soldier that had just before questioned the mounted man.  His tone was cynical.
My good man, The rider addressed him, turning away from Adrian and the others.  I will note your insolence and cavalier manner to the king as soon as we return.  From here on out I want you to listen and follow, not speak and question.
The man answered with a grunt and more muttering.
The rider urged his horse forward and closer to their position.  Then he turned and looked about him, standing in his stirrups, casting the torchlight about as if he were looking for someone.  He is!  Adrian thought.  He is looking for us!  As the man turned toward them Adrian's mind and heart still refused to acknowledge what he saw.
Yet, there before him, standing tall in his stirrups, holding that ominous torch was none other than Sir Gilbert.  Suddenly, Adrian felt someone crawling up beside him.  He cautiously turned his head to the figure.
Sir, what in St. Judes name is going on?  That is Sir Gilbert!  It was Orwell and Adrian could hear the shock and fear in his voice.
I see that you fool!  Now keep your voice low and quit squirming about.  Adrian was angry about it already and this only made things worse.  I was hoping that you could tell me what it was all about, since I am the least informed on this entire situation.
I dont know, Sir.  Orwell whispered back.  At this point, from what Sir Gilbert told you, we are equally informed.
Then what are we going to do?  Adrian wondered out loud.
That is what I was coming up to ask you.
We cant move, that is for sure.
Yes, Sir, yet, if they come over here we are all dead men.
Just then the mounted man, Sir Gilbert, lowered himself into the saddle and seemed to have come to a decision.  Adrian put a hand out to Orwell to quiet him.
They are no longer here.  Gilbert pushed his mount on again.  Come, I believe that I know where they have gone, or at least escaped from the grounds.  There is a gate over on the other side of the barracks.  I gathered from my informant that one of the men had a key to that very gate.
Adrian could hardly process the words in his mind.  Orwell gasped beside him.  Informants?  That is ludicrous!  He is the one that told me to give you the key.
Though Adrian and the others were still in shock at this new development, they were also relieved at the direction that the group of menacing men was going.  They were going away from them toward the passageway that Adrian and Sir Gilbert had just come down, not a quarter of an hour before.
Orwell.  Adrian rolled his head back over to the boy.  Tell me what you know of the men that we have with us.
Not much.  They are French men and had come to speak with the prince concerning some interests that Prince Henry had in France, but I knowing nothing of that.  Adrian was silent.  It must be the very thing that the prince, Raleigh, and himself had discussed only that morning, but why all this?  It made no sense!
What do you think that we should do?  Orwell questioned him.
I dont know, Adrian looked in the direction of the receding men illuminated by the dwindling torchlight as it flickered off of the walls of the passageway. But I know that we are not staying where we are.  He got to his hand and knees and then to his feet, his movement difficult for his long robe.  Everyone else stood as well.
Where are we going to go?  Orwell asked him.
Adrian turned to him in frustration.  Orwell, please dont ask the obvious.  If you have something to say, let it be suggestive to a solution, not the endless observations of the apparent problem at hand.  Dont you think that I am asking myself the same question a thousand times over?
Yes, Sir.  I am sorry.  Orwells voice was timid and he remained quiet while Adrian thought.
Adrian looked around.  They could go to the direction that the men had come from themselves.  What was the chance that they would be going in that direction again?  What was the chance that more would be following behind them from the same place?  Adrian felt that it was small, but still he hesitated.  He hated to leave their position.  They were so close to the outside here at this gate, that it was almost counterproductive to push further into the castles grounds.  Besides, there was a greater probability they would be seen and taken.
Then it came suddenly to him.  The key!  If it opened one gate within the bailey, the one through which he had entered, it was perfectly possible that it would open another.  He excitedly pushed past Orwell and the others, they watched in silence, turning to trace his every move.  He went up to the gate and pulled the key from his pocket and inserted it into the lock with a prayer on his lips.  He turned it, but nothing happened.  He felt like kicking the gate and breaking the key in two, but tried again.  Still nothing.  Then he realized something.  He was on the other side of the walls that he had been before.  He was trying to unlock the gate from the inside of the lock, not the outside as he had before.  He tried turning the key the opposite direction and was elated when it easily turned and his ears heard the delightful sound that meant their liberty  the bolt slid away from the lock.  Adrian stifled a shout of joy only with the greatest effort as he pushed open the gate and held it for the others.  They would still have to get beyond the outermost walls, but Adrian figured it would be easier than what they had just come through.
They went out with the quick step of fearful escape as well as thrilled discovery.  Adrian followed them and shut the gate behind, relocking it.  He put the key back into his pocket.  If he ever outlived this night, he was going to have an impression made of this key, it may prove useful again one day.


Chapter XXXII

If there was an invisible watcher that would have been looking down upon the road that lead from the Tower of London, the royal residence first built by William the Conqueror in 1078, toward the rivers edge, along present day Tower Hill Road, it would have seen six figures hastily making their way south.  The moonlight was now in full bloom and cast upon them its eerie hazy blue tinge.  They had narrowly missed detection while trying to get beyond the last wall that separated them from the outside.  
They ended up dropping down from the wall to the ground below by means of a rope that Adrian found in a small building that housed guards equipment within the outer bailey.  He had thought of the place as they were lying, once again, flat upon the ground watching the only gate to freedom.  It was heavily guarded and there was no chance of their escape through that means.  He had tried to think of another way that he could get out, but the only place that came to mind was the Traitors Gate, and it was entirely on the opposite side of the Tower as they were.  Then he thought of the small shed.  He had very carefully waited and stole his way in.  It was more of chance than by his own design that one of the first items he stumbled on was a rope.  He searched for another, but was unable to find one in a comfortable amount of time, so he took what he had and stole his way back to the waiting men.  Orwell congratulated him over and over on his find, straining the limitations of his whisper and threatening to get them caught.  Adrian uncoiled the rope and found that it was sufficient for the task.
From there they had to find a stairway that led up on top of the parapet.  This done they hurriedly secured a hastily looped end of the rope around one of the merlons and then slipped through embrasure and slid to the end of the rope, which extended until about eight feet from the ground.  They simply dropped down and waited for the others to follow.
Now, walking through the empty streets, except for the occasional cat digging in refuse, or drunkard stumbling about, they stopped in the shadow of a building to take a rest.  Adrian wanted to discuss with Orwell what they should do and the best route to take to the docks.
The place we seek is upriver.  Orwell informed him.
Then we are better off following this road in that direction.  Adrian observed, as he looked down the street.
It would seem so, but surely we will meet with the kings patrols, for they keep watch on all roads that lead to royal residence.
What alternatives do we have?  There seems to be none, but one.
What is that?
We might retrace our steps a ways and then go to the river from the other side of the castle, cross over and then go upstream.
Orwell thought about this.  It seems sound.
Oh, Adrian remembered something.  The crossing is also heavily guarded we would never get across the bridge without being discovered.
I see you are right.  Orwell was quiet for a few seconds.  Then we go on this direction?
So it seems.  Adrian motioned for the others to follow and then they started out down the slightly inclined street toward the Thames.
They did not get far before they realized that this was not to be the direction that they would take after all.  From up ahead Adrian heard a shout and the sounds of a band of men approaching.  He turned, stunned from further mobility, and gripped Orwells arm.
The soldiers!  Adrian had no doubt as whom it could be.  Come, we must run for it!
Where?  Orwell asked, but Adrian was already sprinting back up the slope of the street.  He wasted no time in following and they all ran after him trying to keep up.  As fast as they ran they did not make cover before the band of men rounded the corner and spotted them in their desperate clamber.
There!  Someone cried out.  It was impossible to tell, for there were many more that took up the refrain, After them!  Soon it was as if the hounds of death were baying at the heels of the fleeing pseudo monks.
Adrian was a little bit ahead of the others, but slowed down, sacrificing precious time in order to keep them altogether.  Just as they reached a turn in the road Adrian leapt from the cobblestone and dove for an alleyway.  He turned to make sure the others followed him; he thought of another run which he had taken at night and been left behind.  It didnt happen this time.  Adrian pulled the last of them into the alleyway and stayed at the opening.
Go!  He shouted to them and shoved them deeper down the darkened corridor of safety.
Adrian!  Orwell protested.  What . . .
Go, Orwell!  That is a command!  When it is safe I will try and catch back up with you!
But. . .  Orwell held out his hand in question.
Adrian did not wait.  He grabbed Orwells robe, spun him about and shoved him as hard as he could.  Orwell fell down in the stony alley and then quickly scrambled back to his feet, and without a word ran with the other four down the alley and disappeared in the darkness.  Adrian turned when they were gone and found a hiding place out of the moonlight.  He crouched behind several carts, stowed for the night and inched his way as close to the street as he could.
The crowd came closer at a rapid pace and Adrian hoped the others had time to get to the other end of the small alleyway before they were overtaken.  Suddenly, the men were there and there was no time left to wonder, they either had or they had not.
Here!  I saw them go here!  A voice called out.  Many others echoed the same belief.
We will get them yet.  Adrian heard a man approaching down the alley way.
Come back here.  The voice of Sir Gilbert rang out.  They did not go down this way, if you dont quit dallying about we are going to lose them altogether.
Begging your pardon sir, but I do believe I saw them also.  A man of the crowd cried out.
Very well then.  You can make a search, but hasten or I will leave you behind.  I say that you will not find them here.
We shall see about that.  The man was coming down the alley, Adrian could see him from behind the cart where he remained hidden.  I would wager a sixpence that I saw them turn here.  There is no place to run from here but back around on top of the hill, this alley makes a loop.  No matter we shall have them whether we find them here or not.
The flickering torch cast fingers of light toward Adrian as the man drew closer and he began to slither his way farther toward the wall of the building where he was hiding.  Adrian noted the smell that filled his nostrils as he drew closer to the building, it was awful, but he was not about to complain as long as he remained hidden.
Say, now.  The man turned to look at the carts.  If I was one to hide I think that I would stuff meself behind a few of them eh?  He started walking toward them.
Adrian felt his heart leap into his throat.  This was it, he was caught!  He just hoped that maybe his capture would allow the others to make it out to safety.  If the delay was long enough it was almost guaranteed.  Oh, well let them capture him, what difference did it make?  They could not identify him, they did not have anything to incriminate him with, and at least he would get some answers concerning Sir Gilbert.  Despite all of these reasons he told himself he did not relish begin captured by a mob.  He scooted back until he was all the way against the wall.  The man began to rummage through the carts shining his torch inside to see if there were anyone hiding there.  Adrian thought that maybe he might be able to slip away; it was worth a try.  He slid his way along the wall deeper into the alley careful to make no sound.
And what have we here?  The man said with a triumphant tone.  Adrian froze, he was sure that he had made no sound, but it was possible that the man had heard or seen something.
What is it, me man?  His partner called out and came over to see his discovering.
A penny, a shiny copper!  I say, it must be might lucky day or night whichever you prefer.  Now even if we dont find them here I can say it was worth it.
You are not given up are you?
Certainly not, there may be more coppers and besides the king says if we bring back the prisoners we will all have five schillings a piece!  I would not miss that.
Gilberts voice called out again.  Hurry you babbling housewives!  What are you gawking at?  I give you a minute more, that is all!
Right!  We will be done in half as much!  And with that there commenced the most dire thrashing of carts and barrels as they hurriedly checked and pushed them aside.
Adrian slid farther into the alley way.  Suddenly, it seemed that part of the ground gave out beneath him and he barely kept himself from falling into a hole by throwing his hands against the wall.
What was that?  
What do you mean what was that?  Here you are crashing about and you ask, like a fool, What was that?  Hurry now or I shall leave you.
I know that I heard something.  The voice suddenly grew ominous and Adrian felt a sense of danger.  I tell you man, there is someone back there in all that mess.  I care not if the Knight upon his horse leaves, someone is back there!  He hissed.
In the midst of Adrian fear he realized that he might be able to escape down this hole, whatever it was.  He had probed down and not touched bottom.  Maybe it was a cellar of some kind.  It was worth the chance.  He moved his body to the edge and found that it was wide enough for him to descend.  He slid over the edge and to his chest and then to his arms and finally hung by his fingertips, his feet dangling, still not touching bottom.  What is this place?  He noticed again the awful smell and realized that it had been coming from there!  Then with a pray he let go and prepared for the worse.
There was a shallow splash as his feet hit solid footing just inches below where they had hung.  He was up to his knees in water.  It was more than water, Adrian soon become conscious of the unbelievable odor!
That is that last of them carts, what do you say now?  You still think that someone is hiding in them?  The man asked and then guffawed.
Shut up you fool!  Dont you be laughing at me, I will cut your throat for it.
I wouldnt give a snake like you half a chance!  The second voice retorted.  By all thats sacred, what is that smell?  The man coughed.
Smell?  You dont recognize it?  This time the first man laughed.  We are man hunting beside a butcher shop.  That is all of the rotten blood and entrails that you are smelling.
Adrian felt his stomach start to heave.  He was standing in a cesspool of animal fluids, blood, and other things that he did not want to think of.
Entrails?  Lets get out of here.  The man coughed again.  There are not here anyway.
Men!  Time is up!  Came the call, now sounding distant for Adrians sub terrain position.
He heard them retreat and join the others and waited still until there was not a sound before he finally moved.  When he did he leaned against the slimy wall and heaved several times, his wonderful evening meal dripping down the wall and mingling itself with the other putrefaction that he stood nearly knee-deep in.
When he caught his breath he felt his way back to the narrow shaft that had let him down into this pit of decay.  He stared upward and could actually see some moonlight reflecting off of one of the buildings.  How was he going to get out of here?
He felt of the sides; there were worn smooth and were coated with the same grime that was on the walls of the pit.  There were no hand holds.  He thought about jumping, but the space was too restricted, there was no way that he could get the momentum to carry him to the lip of the shaft.
He leaned his back against the shaft and tried to think.  Then he got the idea to put his feet against the opposite wall and push his body upward with his back and hands on the other.  At first it seemed that it would be a simple task, but he quickly recognized that it was not.  The sides were very slick and it took as much pressure as he could exert just to keep from slipping down.  Things were further complicated by the fact that his knees were nearly in his face, that was not pleasant in the least and it took a great deal of self-control to keep from heaving what remained of his dinner up again.
He made his way up slowly, slipping back down twice, but only a few inches.  He gained the top in less than five minutes.  When he was there he pushed his legs out, bridging the hole with his body, and then rolled over.  He lay in the alley virtually on his face for several minutes, as the sweat soaked into his clothes and his body relaxed from the exertion.  Then he heard the footstep!  He held his breath, not moving.
There you are, little rat!  I knew there was someone back here.  It matters not that the other did not believe me, I have you now.  I will get my reward yet!  I knew that I waited for a good reason.  Them others they dont have patience enough, but I, I knew that I heard a noise beside them barrels bangin about.  I waited and then when I saw your head appear out of the ground I knew that it was the right thing.  The man took another step.  Get up!  Adrian did not move.  Up with you I say!  Cant move eh?  The man laughed, but held no humor in his voice, only sadistic pleasure.  Been wallowing in the pig . . .
Adrian rolled over and sprang to his feet in one move and in an instant his sword flashed out of its scabbard.
The man seemed unfazed, yet remained silent for a few seconds.  Oh, have a blade have ya?  He laughed.  That will make this more fun after all.  The king did not say whether we were to bring them back alive or not.  No matter I suppose, by the smell of things everyone would side with me when I tell them that I thought I was killing a loose boar.  He laughed again and drew his own sword.
Have you ever tasted steel lad?
Adrian did not speak a word, only kept his eyes fixed on the man, watching the glint of his sword in the moonlight, trying to follow its movements.
I say, have you lost your speech in that hole also.  The man stepped closer to him.  Adrian raised his sword a little higher.  Hey now, that is a fine blade you got there lad.  Where did you get it?  I havent seen blades like that lying around.  My, my, wouldnt it be a shame for me to put dings and scratches on it?  He took another step.  No matter.  I dont think our steel will be touching much before I run you through Another step.
Adrian blinked the sweat out of his eyes and felt he sting of several drops that fell into them.  His legs were beginning to shake a little from his ascent from the cesspool.  He finally spoke to the man.
I dont know who you are, but if you come any closer, I will kill you.
Oh, yes of course you will.  Besides, I dont know you either now do I?  Shall we lay our blades aside and shake hands and introduce ourselves.  The man took another step.
I mean it!  Adrian clenched his teeth.  It isnt worth your five schillings to kill me anyway, even if you did.  Once it is discovered who I was you would be hung.
Hung you say?  I think not, but my you do sound certain of yourself!  Another step.
Adrian lunged at the center of the dark form.  The mans sword flashed in the moonlight, parrying the lunge and pushing Adrians sword upward, sparks scattering from the two edges, casting a very faint dull orange upon the mans face.  It was an ugly one, that is all that Adrian had time to see.  He did not fight the parry, but let the man carry his sword high, exposing his own mid-section to a lunge.  The man stopped his sword in the air.
Eh?  Either you are very stupid or you are very smart.  I think I know what you are about, but I will not take the bait.  He still held his sword high, pressing on Adrians.  Adrian waited, for neither could see that well and as long as Adrian felt the pressure on his sword he knew where the mans sword was.  Trying to open me up on the first contact are you?  Well, I know better than to take the lunge myself.  I will just wait up here in the air for you to make the first move.  The man lied and Adrian was caught off guard.  He felt the pressure leave his sword and he saw the man lunge toward his unprotected chest.  Adrian leapt back and swung wildly down, searching for the other mans blade.  He missed and crashed his own into the dirt below.
Lesson number one, my lad.  Never try old tricks on an old man.  The man stepped to the side and swung again, this time Adrian was able to see the blade glint in the moonlight.  He estimated its travel and parried perfectly.  Not bad, not bad, I see that you are capable, but now I am finished with games, it is dark outside and I want to go home.  He swung around Adrian sword and circled slightly.  Adrian followed him, turned with his movements.  Then he saw what the man was trying to do.  He was turning him into the moonlight and putting the moon behind his back so that Adrians night vision would be impaired by the glow.
Adrian had had enough.  It was not going to end this way, in a dark alley, stinking like all manner of rotten flesh.  He leapt back into shadows.  Now the man was the only one in the moonlight.  The move stunned him.
Get back here!  He cried out and then immediately got a hold of himself.  Now lad, you dont want to be scared do you?  Come out and dance in the moonlight with me.  Again his laugh peeled across the open space.
Adrian was quietly slipping around the man and now was to the side of him.  He saw the man cock his head as if trying to locate him and then step back away from the shadows, where he could not see.
Come now lad.  This time his voice was somewhat urgent.  Let us not play this game.  I will lay my sword down and you come out and I kill you not.  What do you say to that?
Adrian did not believe him for one instant, but liked the idea.
Go ahead and lay your sword down first and then we will talk.
Nay!  Throw yours out into the light here and then I will lay mine down.
Never!  Adrian called out.
Fine have it your way!  The man shouted and then spun and lunged toward Adrians position, which he had pinpointed while speaking.  How stupid!  Adrian thought, that was his plan all along!  Adrian turned, but felt the blade catch on his heavy robe and felt it cut through to the other side, narrowly missing him.  The mans sword was momentarily hung up in his garments and Adrian was not about to let the moment pass.  He brought back his arm and swung with all his might.
He felt the contact, but could not see the man.  There was no cry, no gasp of pain, nothing, only the dull thunk of the body striking the ground, the clatter of the sword falling a second later then nothing.  Then Adrian heard it.  It was a sort of rhythmic sound alternating between a softer sound and one more solid, and then Adrian heard the splash.
Suddenly he knew!  He felt sick again.  He did not even need to look at the body to know that he had just severed the mans head from his neck.  That was the sound that he heard as it rolled toward the shaft and fell into the mire below.  Adrian replaced his sword with queasy stomach and then ran after the others.


Chapter XXXIII

As Adrian ran in pursuit of the others, unsure if he would even meet with them again whether they had been captured or whether they had found their way, his mind was filled with questions.
Why was Sir Gilbert leading the men that were in pursuit of his life and the lives of the other men?  It was he that had helped them to escape in the first place and now he was trying to recapture them.  Why him?  If he intended on capturing and imprisoning all those involved what had Adrian done to deserve the duty of unwittingly being a criminal to the crown?  Did the prince know of this?  If so, then why would he allow it?  Certainly Prince Henry would not want the recapture of the very men that he was trying to see to safety, or would he?  Maybe he was double-crossing the Frenchmen for some reason that he had not told anyone, but Gilbert.  Either way he could not bring himself to believe what evidence was telling him about Sir Gilbert; there had to be a rational explanation, or did there?  Another question nagged at his mind.  Where did Orwell fit into all this?  It seemed that Raleigh would have been a better choice, certainly more capable and a better help than Orwell.  Adrian had a feeling that there was something that he was not telling, but he had no idea what it could be.
He ran on not really paying attention to the distance that he covered until he looked around and realized that he had not the faintest hint of where he was.  He stopped to catch his breath and see if he could place his surroundings.  He could not; everything looked the same in the half-light of the moon.
He heard a faint tapping off to his right.  He turned his head in that direction and then heard it again.  He wheeled around to face the sound, but found no one there. Nothing.  
Psss, Adrian.  Came the voice from the darkness of a doorway.
Adrian did not move, but stood where he was, stock-still.
Adrian, Sir, it is I, Orwell.
Where are you?
Over here.
It is Orwell, for sure! Thought Adrian.
Yes, I know that, but I cannot see you.  Come out here where I can see you.
Oh, certainly, but it will only be for a moment. They are coming back soon, I heard them say so.  Orwell emerged from the darkness and stood in the moonlight.
You heard them?  Adrian asked.
Yes, we narrowly missed being caught.  We jumped in this empty house, or whatever it is and hid just before they came down the street and turned into the alley.
One of the men back there said it makes a loop.
Thats bad, for us then.  They left a guard at the end of this street while they returned to where they originally saw us turn in.  It seems that one of the men is missing, they went to find him and see if indeed he had found us.
They will find him there.
You saw him?
Orwell, I had to kill him.
Oh, Sir, that is not good.
He was trying to kill me, what did you want me to do?
That is not what I meant.  I was meaning that if we do get caught then we are in worse trouble for him being dead.
We are not going to get caught.  Adrian motioned toward the dark doorway.  Go get the others.  He spoke without haste, but implied it.
Orwell returned with the other men behind him.
This way.  Adrian said and without hesitation headed to the opposite side of the alleyway.  How far would you say the street was from here?
Not far, why?
Because, we need to get out of this alleyway without going to the street.  My guess is that once they find the body, they will know that we are here and send men from both directions to trap us in the middle.
Yes, I think you are probably right.  Orwell said as he looked about him nervously.
Adrian was busy scanning the doorways of each building.  He did not want to enter a residence and wake the occupants; that would surely get them captured.  Suddenly he found what he was looking for, an apparently empty building.  At least it looked empty, but even if it was not he knew that no one was living in it.  It was a store room.  He tried the door.  It was barred.  He slammed his fist into his hand in frustration.
Is it locked?
Adrian did not answer, but pushed against it with his shoulder.  The door bent inward; the bar was not very strong after all.  He stepped back and before the others even knew what he was doing, crashed through the door entirely and fell with in heap on the floor.  The men looked around, no one moving, but all ears were pricked up to listen for the effects and consequences of the raucously rending wood.  They heard some sound from down the street and the end of the alley.  It sounded liked someone was stirring at the crash.
In here quick.  Adrian's voice came from inside.  Orwell jumped to action and went through the giant hole in the door itself.
Not a very strong door was it?
Apparently not.  They could not see each other in the blackness.  Did you hear anything, anyone shouting, or any other sound after the door broke through?
The others were almost all in by this time.
Yes, some or someone was moving about toward the street.
Quickly then, Adrian reached out and took Orwells hand.  It felt peculiar, but it was all that they could do.  Take hold of one of the others and lets hope they understand what we mean by it.  Adrian chuckled to himself.
He felt around his immediate location as he made his way to the front of the small building.  When he would come in contact with something he would put Orwells hand on it to let him know and Orwell would do the same for the next man.  In time they made it all the way to the front without any mishaps.  Adrian unbarred the door and cracked it open.  The street was clear as far as he could see.  He pushed the door open further.  There was not a thing in sight.
Come on.  He pushed the door all the way open and let go of Orwells hand.  We must make a dash for the river now.
It took no time at all for them to tumble out of the building, close the door behind them and take off at a quick trot, once again bound for the Thames.

Wherever the kings men were, they were not on their trail.  Adrian did not take the time to reflect on all the reasons why, besides his mind was too tired; it had been a long day and it was not about to be over yet.  It was but a short distance and they arrived at rivers edge in a short amount of time.  They went along the docks looking for that single torch that would light the bow of a single ship.  Upstream the assemblage went, without success.  Farther they ventured, beyond the area of probability into that of only possibility, and that of small.  Finally, there were no ships, no boats, no barges, nothing.
Orwell.  Adrian mopped the sweat from his forehead; the cloak was becoming nearly unbearable in all of their walking, running, and various other escapades of the night.  Are you sure that we are supposed to meet a ship on this side of the Tower?
I am certain.  Gilbert said it was to be upstream of the Tower, but obviously not on this side.
Thats it!
You mean on the other side?
Quite.  What other explanation could there be?
None, I suppose.
Exactly, so we are going to the other side.
Fine then, we will have to go further upstream to a bridge or back to the other side of Tower Hill and use the bridge there.
Are you crazy?  Start all over again?  I think not!  We are going over from right here.
Right here?  Sir. . . I dont know how to swim . . . this cloak. . .
Dont be ridiculous.  Adrian pointed at a small boat attached down the dock a way.  Right there is how we cross.  He motioned for the others to look at the boat and then led the way to it.  Their feet softly padded onto the wooden dock and it creaked slightly from the movement of its burden.  
The boat seemed to be just the right size for such a need as theirs and Adrian began to untie the knot that held it fastened to its mooring while the others got in.
Have you ever commanded such a vessel?  Adrian asked Orwell, his tone carrying that certain hint of a boyish adventure in the making.
Nay, but I am about to learn how.  Orwell was thrilled also, for a moment forgetting why they were even in need of the vessel.  He grabbed the oar and gave it a novice heave.  The boat lurched to one side and its occupants stumbled under the new captains rather abrupt handling.
Maybe you ought to learn as quickly as possible so that we arent spilled into the water.
Yes, sir.  Said a less excited and more intent Orwell.
Together now.  Adrian spoke softly.  This time the boats internal energy was translated into forward locomotion.  They were smoothly propelled away from the dock and toward the middle of the river.
Adrian, sir, a thought just occurred to me.  Isnt this stealing?
It might be if we were not intent on bringing it back, but indeed we are and with a farthing on its bow for the owner, the payment for hiring his boat while he slept.
Alright.  Was all that Orwell said.  He was trying to peer into the night and see something, anything.  Adrian, can you see?  I cannot see a thing out there.
Negative.
Then where do we go?
Across.
Yes sir, but how do we know that is where we are going?
Watch the water in the moonlight; which way is it moving?
Downstream.  Came the predictable reply.
No, Orwell, I mean yes, but that is not what I meant.  Keep the currents flow perpendicular to the boat and we shall be alright.  In fact, we ought to head upstream a bit so that we will not get carried to far away downwards.  He instructed Orwell on the logical mechanical maneuvers, not really knowing himself, but trying to use his judgment.  They were doing fair.
L!  One of the Frenchman jumped forward in his seat and pointed.
Adrian did not understand, but knew that he was pointing at something.  He turned to look, momentarily ceasing his efforts at paddling.  There it was!  A single torch appeared to be fixed upon the bow of a sailing vessel just upstream from their immediate position.
Orwell, there it is!  Adrian pointed to the ship.
Where?  I cannot see it.  Orwell moved his head this way and that.
There!  Adrian pointed again.
Umm . . . Oh, yes, I see it.  Orwell leaned forward in the boat and at the same time released his oar which slid off the side of the gunwale and slapped the water.  He gasped.
What was that Orwell?  Even as he asked it Adrian had a sick feeling that it was the oar.
I am sorry sir.  Orwell sounded as though he was about to cry.
Now what Orwell?  Adrian shouted to him and then lowered his voice.  What are we going to do now?  The boat was already beginning to turn its stern downstream and with only one paddle they were drifting right along with the flow.  Move out of the way!  Adrian pushed him off of his seat and took over the middle of the boat.  Get to the bow and help me see what I am doing!  He was angry.
I am sorry, I did not . . .
Shut up and do as I say, now!  Adrian pushed him and he stumbled his way on hands and knees to the bow.
Adrian began to paddle furiously on the downstream side trying to right the craft back on course.  It was a desperate struggle with the size of boat, but he was gaining progress.  When he had the craft realigned he spoke very softly to Orwell.
Orwell, I am sorry for being so rough with you.
Adrian, you need not apologize.  It is alright.
Maybe by you, but not by me.  I am sorry.
I have already forgotten it.
They were silent as Adrian went from side to side and dipped his oar low in the water taking as much as he could to keep their course steady.  He could see that they were going to fall short of the ship, but at least they would make it to the other side.
We are almost there.  Orwell called out.
Good.  Tell me which way and how hard I need to row.
Yes sir.
Adrian pushed on, his arms not used to the format of exertion, now beginning to burn.  He paid it no mind, but shoved on just as forcefully.
A little upstream if you can.  It will put us on the up side of the dock.
Ill try.  Adrian grunted as he changed sides and heaved several times.
Doing great.  A little more and we can drift in.
Adrian heaved a few more times he could see the dock clearly by now in the moonlight and aimed for an empty slot.
We got it.  Orwell said and stood up in the bow.  Ill tie us off.  He said as he leapt from the bow, pushing the boat from under him, and falling straight down in the water.
Adrian quickly handed the oar to one of the others who pushed off the dock and tried to keep from running over Orwell.  Adrian moved up the bow and looked for the other end of the rope; hopefully Orwell had his end.  He found it just as Orwell surfaced, sputtering and flailing his arms about wildly.
I cannot swim.  He cried out.
I know that.  Hang on to the rope!  Adrian tried to tell him, but Orwell just kept repeating his frantic announcement.  The rope was nowhere to be seen and Orwell was drifting closer to the dock.  In a moment he would be completely swept under it and be out of Adrians reach on the other side.  Adrian threw the end of the rope to one of the Frenchman.
Hold on to this end!  He shouted and then tore off his cloak, revealing his face for the first time that night.  The man gasped at recognition, but Adrian did not notice he was threading along the rope and then, clinging to it, flopped overboard.  He kicked his feet in his best effort and tried to imitate what he thought was the proper way of swimming.  Orwell was going under again and was now partway under the dock.
Grab on the dock!  Adrian shouted above all of the splashing and shouting that Orwell was doing.  Somehow he heard him and reached out for the pile, but missed it and slipped beneath the dock.
Adrian kicked with all his might and surged toward the darkness just beneath the dock.  He ducked his head down and reached out for Orwell.  He was not there!  Adrians heart stopped.  He reached again, but still came back with nothing.  Orwell had sunk beneath the surface.  Adrian sucked in his breath and plunged downward, pushing off of the planking above with the hand that held the rope and reached beneath him with the other.  There!  He felt fabric . . . Orwells hood.  He pulled hard and felt him come upward, but as his hand broke the surface he realized that there was no Orwell inside!
Oh, God of Heaven help me!  Adrian felt the tears come to his eyes, though his face was drenched from the river.  He plunged downward again, even farther this time and felt around.  There was nothing . . . nothing . . . Oh God, please no!  Then there was something, Adrian could not tell exactly what but he grasped it firmly and pulled upward again.  This time he knew that he had Orwell for he could not pull him up.  They were both held underwater and were not coming up!  Adrians lungs began to burn as he kicked and kicked, but inexperienced as he was at swimming techniques he could not lift them.  It was a miracle that he was not drowned himself by now!
~
Tirer dedans le cordage!  The man shouted to his comrade holding the rope.  He did.  Hand over hand, quickly the rope became taught and then he yanked on it.

Adrian broke through the surface of the water on the other side of the dock and gasped for air; his lungs heaving for the life of it.  His arms were burning more intensely from the entire struggle with the oars and he felt as though they would not obey him just as his hand was jerked backward by the force of the Frenchmans pull.  The rope helped to propel him upward and now he was about four feet from the other side of the dock still clinging to the rope behind him and to Orwells . . . hair?  If the circumstances were any different Adrian would have found it amusing, but at the time he felt like he was dying from lack of oxygen and the last thing that came to his mind was laughter.  He had grabbed onto and pulled Orwell from the depths below by only the fist full of hair.
The rope was being pulled in and was drawing them upstream back toward the dock.  Adrian could hear the boat bumping against the dock on the other side and he let the rope tug him to the wooden structure.  He dared not let go of Orwell, even though it was his hair that he had a hold of.  From all appearances, he wouldnt mind anyway.  He was not conscious.
As he caught onto the piling of the dock, Adrian let go of the rope and pulled Orwell to him.
Help!  He called out, not caring if they understood his language or not.  The language barrier did not make any difference, the tone and implication were clear; before he got the word completely out of his mouth a pair of hands pulled Orwell upward and out of his grasp.  They deposited him flat upon his back and then reached down for Adrian.  Adrian felt himself hauled upward and then he fell limply upon the dock, exhausted completely.
There was babbling in French above him and even if he were able to understand, he would not have for his mind and body were numb from the effort of his laudable actions.  He only wanted to lie there and breathe deeply until he felt that there was no cause to worry, until his lungs caught up with his bodys demands.  He closed his eyes and then flung them open again.  Orwell!  Was he dead?  Adrian sat upright and looked around at him.  He was there lying with his mouth open and his eyes closed.  Adrian scrambled over to him on his hands and knees.  He did not know what to do, but knew that he had to do something.  His own exhaustion was forgotten.
Orwell!  Adrian shook him, but with no response.  Orwell, for Gods sake can you hear me?  Still no response.
The boat had been tied up and the Frenchmen were disembarked.  One of them came over and gently pushed Adrian aside.
Allow me.  He spoke gently and then tipped Orwell over on his side.  Water spilled from his mouth and ran down the side of his face.  A morbid shutter came over Adrian, it looked so . . . gruesome!  The man pounded on Orwells back and more water came out, but this time Orwell was sputtering and then coughing.  Adrian watched as his lungs quivered and then dragged in their full capacity.
Orwell!  Adrian once moved to his side.  Orwell opened his eyes, blinking the water out of them and trying to take in the scene which he now found himself in.  Thank God!  You are alive.
I am?  You are?  Orwell asked confused.  What do you mean?
Mean?  You tried to drink in the Thames lad, but we stopped you before the fish all flopped about homeless.
Then Orwell remembered.  I . . . I almost drowned.
Indeed, but the important thing is that you didnt.  How do you feel?  Not proper, I assume.  Very well, lie there a bit longer and then we shall have to move on.
The Frenchman moved his shrouded faced towards him and then fixed it on Adrian; he nodded and stood.  He returned a moment later with Adrian's cloak, which Adrian stood and donned.  Orwells was no doubt resting on the bottom in the silt.
Alright, sir, I feel ready to go.  Orwell said after a couple of minutes of lying there.
Are you sure?
I believe that I am.
Great then, take my hand.  Adrian pulled him to his feet and then clapped him on the back.  I am glad you pulled through I would not know how to explain to the prince that I had expended one of his servants.
The Frenchmen stood by, a solemn lot, looking on at the bantering exchange between the two, waiting.  Adrian went to them and pointed to the ship that was a little ways upriver from them.  They nodded their hooded nod and they set off toward the ship.
Upon arriving one of the men motioned for them to stop and then stepped ahead of the others and called something out so softly that Adrian could barely hear.  Suddenly, a man appeared from the shadows of the stern and approached him.  Words were exchanged and the deal was settled.
The Frenchman turned and made his way back to the anxiously waiting group and spoke to the others.  They replied in what seemed to Adrian as an affirmative.  Then the leader of the four came up to Adrian and extended his hand.  Adrian shook it and then the others.  This was the end of his journey and the beginning of theirs.  It almost seemed as though he had known these men for a much longer time.  One in particular, upon shaking his hand, seemed to emanate a sort of warmth to him; it struck into Adrian's mind.  That seemed strange; they had never met, he had never spoken with them, he did not even know what they looked like, but it was something that had happened in all of the events of this night.  A night as this that Adrian had never experienced and doubted then that he would ever experience one the same in the future of his life.
Orwell shook their hands also and then the Frenchmen turned and walked toward the street, away from the ship.  Adrian watched them go and saw that they turned into a small pub that had a candle in the window.
Come on Orwell, our task is done.  Adrian turned and walked back toward the dock with a sort of sadness hanging over him.  He did not fully understand what he felt, but he realized that he was sad.
Sir?  Orwells voice sounded concerned.
What is it?  Adrian asked not turned to reply, but keeping his pace steady, though not fast.
Adrian, we are not going to try to take that cursed thing back across are we?
Adrian stopped, but did not turn, his back to Orwell.  We must.  We cannot leave it here; that would be stealing, remember?
I know, but . . .
Orwell, if you dont repeat the same mistakes you can almost rest assured that you will not have the same consequences.
I hope that means something good.
Adrian chuckled and resumed his former pace.  Of course, it means that if you dont try to catapult yourself onto any dock, you probably wont end up an attempted drowning of both of us.
Orwell nodded, but he was not very confident of the prospect of a successful trip back across the river.  They arrived at the boat and Adrian pulled his hood back and climbed in.  Orwell stood on the dock and looked down at him.
I dont know Adrian.  I really hate to be a coward about all of this, but I almost drown.
I did too, Orwell, now get in the boat!
He hesitated for a few more seconds and then he climbed in the boat.
The way I see it, Adrian said as he undid the loop of rope around the post on the dock and shoved off.  You owe this little boats owner an additional farthing for the loss of his oar.
Orwell was silent as he watched the water ripple in the moonlight.  He finally spoke.  I do at that.  It was all he said and Adrian was content to leave it at that for he was expending enough energy trying to get them back across with only one oar.
As they neared the other side Adrian called up to Orwell.  Do you remember or recognize the place where we took this thing from?
Not really.  I suppose I was too intent on getting it out of there that I never even looked around to see where we were.
Well, then the owner is going to have to be happy with the fact that it was brought back in the first place.  I am sure that he will locate it with time.
Adrian paddled on in silence, this return journey somewhat easier for the fact that they had went upstream from their departure on the initial crossing.  All they had to do now was head straight across for the most part.
They pulled in at a dock and moored the boat in an empty place.  They got out, Orwell very carefully this time, and looped the rope in place.
There that was not so bad now was it?  Adrian clapped a hand on Orwells still soaking wet shoulder.
Not as bad as I thought it might be.
Fine.  All we have to do now is make our way back home and hope that we dont get caught on the streets again.
Do you think that they are still looking for us?
I dont know, but I would assume that they are.  That mans body is not going to make them want to give up and go home.  Adrian took a few steps in silence.  No, they will be looking for us.  Only . . . He tore off his cloak and cast it onto the roadside and continued on climbing Tower Hill.
It was silent for some time then Orwell asked, Sir, do you think that Gilbert was really after us?
It certainly has that appearance.
Why?
That is what I want to know.
It makes no sense that he would set us upon the task and then pursue us with blood-thirsty men.
That is what I thought.
Unless, He let his thoughts coalesce.  . . . Unless, he was leading them out of some ulterior motive that we dont understand.
Isnt he French?
Adrian cast a sideways glance at Orwell.  I thought of that also.  Maybe those men that were meeting with the prince were men that he knew, or knew of.  Maybe they were enemies of his and he incited the king against them, or at least informed the king of their presence here, knowing that he was powerless of himself against the prince.
Yes, but why would he release them and then chase them?
He released them?
Went right into the hold and stole them out from under the kings nose.
Well, that does make things more complex.  Adrian ran it all over in his mind again and again.  What if the prince would not have allowed a personal score to be settled between Sir Gilbert and these men and so Gilbert devised a plan?  It was possible that Gilbert knew this and so informed the king of the clandestine meetings in hopes that the kings interference in the princes matter would give him an opportunity to get to the men without Prince Henrys restrictions.  Possible.  Adrian said out loud in response to his own thoughts.
What is?
Orwell, what if Sir Gilbert wanted to have vengeance on these men for some unknown reason, like the situation with Sir Chavelle de Chaumont?  What if he informed the king of their presence and then got them out of the hands of the prince?
Still, why would he release them?  Orwell persisted.
Dont you see?  He cannot get to them in the kings tower and to do so would be murder, in cold blood, but if they escaped . . . Adrian let it hang in the air.
As dense as Orwell was at most times, he caught the implication of the words.
Ahhh.  He slowly nodded his head and looked at Adrian with an odd light in his eyes.
~
The streets were empty and quite illuminated by the full moon, now having risen to its zenith.  The rooftops reflected the light cast upon them and the cobblestone in its irregular pattern was clearly seen under their feet.  Adrian and Orwell fell silent for several minutes as they walked.  Both leaving behind him drops of water every few feet.  They were almost at the top of the hill, and near to entering the castle, when Orwell spoke.
One thing that I dont understand is this. Orwell stopped and turned to Adrian, who did the same.  Sir Gilbert is the one who told me about the ship with the torch lit, why would he not just go there and wait for us if he fully intended to overtake those men?
Adrian was wordless for a moment at the observation.
Is it possible that Sir Gilbert was actually helping us, in a manner of speaking? Orwell continued.
That is possible.  Adrian concurred, But I almost got myself killed!  That man was not playing a game of hide-and-seek, and he certainly was not trying to help us.
Yes, I thought of that; maybe that is the reason that Sir Gilbert turned around and went back to where he had first seen us.  There was something said about a man that had stayed behind that I heard from where we were hiding and I could tell Sir Gilbert was angry at that.  I thought that maybe it was only because he wasnt obeying orders, but now I see that it was because he feared for us, for you.
I suppose that you may be right.  Adrian was not about to let it go that easily without an explanation from Gilbert himself.  It is all a sorry method of doing things if you ask me.
Yes, it surely seems that way, but I believe that Sir Gilbert had his reasons.
We shall see.  Was all that Adrian said as they approached the gate.
~
They went through the gate with no problem; the guards stepped out of the way when they saw that it was Adrian.  He was well known and was not questioned by them even at the lateness of the hour.  They understood his service to the prince and so they only nodded to him and spoke a greeting.
Upon arriving back at the princes residence Orwell immediately spoke a farewell to Adrian, went to his quarters, removed his sodden clothes and then went to bed.
Adrian stumbled into Raleighs room and was about to bend to wake him when Raleigh rolled over and sat up in bed.
I see you finally made it back.  Raleigh said.
You were not asleep?
Nay, how could I sleep until your return?
Adrian sat on the beds edge at the foot.
Raleigh, tell me what you know of this entire bizarre errand.
What do you know of it?  Raleigh asked.  I will try to fill in the blanks, but if I tell you what I know, surely I will repeat what you already have knowledge of.
So Adrian began to relate to him the peculiar particulars of the venture.  Raleigh only nodded his head several times and made sounds of hmm and such like ever so often.  Adrian finished and was quiet.
Well, from what I can see Adrian you have pretty much pieced things together from what you have.  Raleigh was silent for a second.  So you say that they all made it safely?
Yes, we saw them going into a tavern or inn I could not tell which in the light.
Thank God.  Raleigh looked upward briefly.  Did you ever see any of the mens faces?
No, they wore hoods the entire time, as did we.  They only saw who Orwell and I were because of the accident with the tying the boat up.  I was not about to jump in the water with that heavy cloak on.
I see.  Did any of them say anything to you?
There were a few words spoken through the course of the night, but I did not understand what they were saying.  Why?
I am just curious, that is all.  Raleigh fell silent and Adrian scrutinized his face intently in the flickering candlelight.
Raleigh what are you not telling me?  Adrian knew that something was being withheld from him.
Raleigh sighed and said.  Sir Gilbert is in with the prince now.  He has returned from pursuing you.  I am sure that he will speak with you in the morning about it.  What you might have figured out is that he had to do so for the king.  It was not his desire, but the prince and he both knew it was the only way.  The king knows that Prince Henry and Sir Gilbert are associates and friends, but I dont think that he understands just how close they truly are.  When Gilbert gained access to the prisoners and released them he left them in a safe hiding place until Orwell arrived to lead them to you and him.  Gilbert could not chance being caught leading them out.  If Orwell was caught he could just give his reason for doing so as being ordered by someone, from there it would get lost in the chain of command long enough to correct the situation and spare Orwell punishment, but Gilbert surely would have been severely dealt with.
That makes sense.  Adrian admitted.
And so Gilbert left them to Orwell and you while he led the band of men that pursued you, rather closely from what I understand.  I heard that one man was killed while attempting to pursue on his own.  Raleigh looked at Adrian with a slight smile on his lips.  Would you know anything about that?
Possibly.  Adrian said without commitment, he did not want to discuss the matter.
Quite possibly, I would presume.  Raleigh continued.  The prince had a servant planted within the castle where he would overhear the news of the Frenchmens escape and run to the prince and thereby inform him.  Gilbert then went to the king and offered his services at leading a pursuit.  His pursuit was very close to real for he had to make it convincing without actually catching you.
So, he knew that I was hiding in that alley?  Adrian asked.
I know nothing about an alley.  Is that where the man was killed?
Never mind.
As you say.
So what of the men, the Frenchmen?
What of them?  Raleigh repeated.
Well, what were they here for?
They had come with news of some changes that were taking place very rapidly in the political scene of France and brought word from a few of Prince Henrys associates.  He sent them back with a reply and they were needed back home, so they made haste in departure.
I see.  Adrian pondered this.  Who was the extra man?  Was he someone that the prince was sending with them?
Extra man?  Raleigh looked puzzled.
Yes, when I was with Gilbert he said there should have been only four, counting Orwell, but when they met us there were five.  From what I could tell, for they spoke in French, the other man was some sort of passenger that they were taking back to France for a fee.
Raleigh dropped his head and looked at his hands resting on his lap.  Adrian noticed his manner and stared at him.  Raleigh finally looked up at him.
Adrian, you did not see any of them?
No, I told you that.  Why do you ask me again?
Why do you need to know?
I did not see the need to know until now.  With your manner as it I am compelled by curiosity to find out.  There is something that you wish not to tell me and that makes me more determined to know.
As you wish.  Raleigh looked directly at Adrian.  It was Victoria Marie.  I found out she was alive and helped her escape.  She wanted to go to France and I agreed to pay her passage.
Adrian jumped to his feet.
What!
I believe by your reaction that you heard me.
Why did you not tell me before?  Adrian was beside himself.
I did not even know if you knew that she was alive.  Actually, I thought that you still believed her dead and I did not want to disrupt everything by not just informing you of her being alive, but also be here.
Raleigh!  Adrian stood there and stared at his friend, his chest heaving from the emotional consternation that was animated within him.
Well, what did you want me to do?
Tell me.
I did not want to interrupt what I saw was going on with you and Salina.
What do you mean?
Oh, come Adrian do you think that we are all blind?  After what the prince told me and what I saw, it was obvious.
Forget it!  Adrian said angrily, remembering the whole hurtful experience that had erupted that night.  I know about Victoria being alive, Salina does now, when I told her she left without a word.
I am sorry.
I said forget her!  Adrian's anger was not so much that Raleigh had been sympathetic with their relationship, but simply that it was too hurtful compounding with everything else that was going on.
Alright!  I will forget her!  Raleigh said, responding in his own anger.  I just thought that she was good for you since you found out about Victoria being dead.  Pardon my thoughts of consideration if they do not meet with welcome.
To you her death came at the loss of her life, to me it came at the loss of her honor!  Adrian threw the words at Raleigh.  He just stared at Adrian.
What you are saying then is that you really dont care about her?
You know that is not true.
That is the way you are speaking.
Raleigh, I did not ask to love her.  I did not ask to meet her.  I did not ask to feel the way I felt toward her.  I cannot help it, but she made more than her own decisions when she became dishonorable and now I am left to deal with the feelings of it all.  What do I do with them?  I cannot escape them.  I cannot throw them away.  They are a part of me, no matter how much I try to rid myself of them.  Every time I think of what happened with her and the scum of a man Sir Chavelle, my stomach turns and I am sick, but I cannot let it go!  Adrian was furious and at the same time weak with emotion of betrayal and heartbrokenness.  What would you have me to do?  When I knew these things it was as if she were dead to me, for I knew that her being alive made no difference than her being dead.  It was final.  I could never trust her again.  I could never look at her with that sense of pure trust and know that she had loved no other, but me.  That, would I embrace her; I would be the only man to do so.  No, it is as if she were still dead, but yet . . . I am remaining to face the grief of the loss.  It is something that I find the hardest to bear.  Adrian stopped and choked back the tears that came rushing to his eyes.
Adrian . . . Raleigh spoke softly.  I dont know how to tell you how sorry that I am.  I wish that I understood, but you know that I dont so I will not try and pretend that I do.  He paused.  I would just say one thing in hopes that it will help.  Can you not simply be thankful that a human life was not lost?
A human life!  What is that?  The tears now coursed down his face.  Is breathing life or is living life?  Are we alive only because we breathe and our heart beats?  What of what we do with our life?  Is that not more of life than just living?  If we live, but have nothing to live for, is that truly life?
Adrian, I understand what you are saying, but is there not reason to rejoice as long as one is alive, they may change the way they live in time?  Raleigh was trying to remedy the situation, not realizing that what he was saying had already been a mental wrestling match with Adrian for weeks.
You rejoice because she lives, her life been granted her again, yet I cannot rejoice for her honor can never be restored!
Raleigh did not know what to say, he only sat there and look down at his blankets, picking at them.  Adrian dried his eyes upon his sleeve and looked at the floor.  Neither spoke for some time, but then finally Raleigh cleared his throat.  Adrian glance back up at him.
Adrian, at this point it is all too deep for me.  I want to understand how you feel, but I suppose I am unable.  I see your point and know that it is valid and I dont disagree with you about it, I just dont feel as deeply as you do.  Everyone makes mistakes, that does not mean they are no longer worthy of life or of love. . .
Did I say that?
Well, not exactly.
What I say concerning her is only in the context of her existence to me!  I did not mean that I wish her dead or that I do not love her.  I do love her.  That is the problem.  I wish that I did not!  He turned his head away.
Adrian, Raleigh sighed.  I dont know what to say, it seems rather complex for me to work out.  I dont mean this in a bad way and hope that you will forgive me for it, as well as becoming angry with you, but I can no longer talk about it.  You are welcome to speak with me, but if you are seeking an answer, I cannot give you one.  You defeat everything that I say.  I feel like an echo of what you already know.
Well, then I suppose I shouldnt trouble you with it at all.  Adrian being the kind of man that he was did not just discuss things for conversations sake.  If there is no solution then there is no need for discussion.
I am sorry, that I dont have the answer.
It is quite alright. Adrian turned to go.
Adrian? 
Yes? He turned back.  Are you angry with me?
No, I am not.
We part friends tonight?  Else I will not be able to sleep and I desperately need sleep.  Raleigh chuckled.
Friends.  Adrian returned with a smile.  Goodnight.
Goodnight.
Adrian turned and walked out of the room.  He went to his own room and undressed and climbed into bed, his mind churning with many things, his heart alive with many feelings, his body feeling the stress of the night and finally, he broke down and rolled into his pillow, sobbing.

Adrian rolled over and lay on his back.  His eyes were swollen and red from crying and he was exhausted from everything that had happened that night.  He looked up into the blackness of the ceiling.  What was he going to do?  It felt like he was torn apart in so many pieces that he did not know if he would ever be put back together.  It seemed fate was mocking him at every turn.  He had done all that he knew to do.  He had tried to do everything right, but it seemed like there was no reward for his efforts.  What does it matter anyway!  He thought to himself.  What is the use of trying to do right?  What has being honorable gotten me?  He felt angry at himself, angry at Victoria, Salina, and Sir Chavelle, angry at the world!  The way he felt right now he wanted to walk away from it all and never look back.  Walk away from the prince, and his duties, his father, mother, and sister.  He felt like going somewhere else, Scotland maybe.
Adrian was quivering with angry resolve to leave it all behind, when he finally got a hold of himself.  What was he thinking?  He didnt know.  What did it matter?  All he felt was pain!  All that he was doing was hurting!  What mattered anymore?
Then the words of Raleigh seemed to come to him in a gentle thought.  . . . As long as one is alive, they may change the way they live in time.
He threw back the covers and stood to his feet.  Was it possible?  Could a person change?  Could they, in spite of their mistakes and tendencies, become someone different than who they were?  Was all that they needed time and another chance?  He was not sure, but he was going to find out!
Adrian quickly dressed into fresh clothes in the darkness.  He felt for his leather boots and his belt.  He did not have a looking glass to see what his visage was, but at this point it did not matter, he just hoped that he was in time!
~
Halt!  The guard spoke to him as he hurriedly approached the gate.
Listen, it is I, Adrian of Essex.  I must go through.
Oh, yes, of course, I recognize you now.  The guard paused momentarily before letting Adrian pass.  Didnt I just see you a few hours ago?
Yes, you did, now please I must get through!  Adrian stepped toward the gate.
You may go through.  He stepped back and the gate was raised, by signal from the man.
Adrian burst out without a word and began running.  This time instead of turning to the west he turned to the right and headed for the bridge that spanned the Thames.  He reached it in only a couple of minutes.  There were two guards there and they were standing and talking with each other.  They stopped him as he tried to run past.
Wait a minute my man.  One guard reached out and took hold of his arm.
Take you hand off of me if you want to remain in your rank.  Adrian was desperate for time and did not want to be delayed any longer.
That is a considerable threat and it comes from a young mouth.
I am Adrian of Essex, and in direct service to the crown prince, Henry!  Now move out of my way!  Adrian jerked free from the man.
Hold a minute, I say!  What does that matter to me?  I have never heard of you.  The guard made a move to take Adrian's arm again, but the other man stopped him.
Listen man, I have heard of him.  He is the one that fought that French fellow a few weeks back in the kings lists.
What French fellow?
You know, the one that Adrian here poked right in his face with the lance.
The man suddenly remembered.  Oh!  Yes, of course that I remember well now that you mention it!  He clapped Adrian on the shoulder.  Why did you not say so?
I did.  Adrian pulled himself away from the mans hand.  Now I am going.  He took off and ran across the bridge.  Upon reaching the other side the other guards did not question him, they had seen the exchange take place, by the light of the torches, from their side of the river.
Adrian turned back to the west upon a riverfront street and ran down it until he was nearly unable to breathe.  He stopped and caught his breath.  He had to get there!  He started off again, walking this time at a moderate pace.
The ship, which ship is it?  He reached the start of the docks and began to scan the ships, but he could not tell which it was.  To his dismay, none of them had a torch upon the bow. Likely upon serving its purpose it had been taken down.  He clenched his fist and gritted his teeth.  It has to be somewhere along here!  They could not have left!  He hoped that they had not left.  How long till sunrise?  He wondered.  He looked at the sky, it showed no signs of the grayness of the morning.  Maybe he was not too late after all.  He continued along the avenue looking at each ship in the moonlight as he came to it, but they all looked familiar.  He grew frustrated and started back to the east again, reviewing each vessel again.  Then he remembered the tavern.  It had a candle in the window.  Maybe it was still there.  He began looking at the buildings as he passed them.  They did not look recognizable, but he figured his chances of finding the tavern with a candle in the window, was better than finding the ship with the torch, for surely the torch would not be left burning all night, whereas if the tavern had occupants it would no doubt leave a light for them.
He was walking slowly along, when he saw it.  The flicker of hope.  It seemed to shine as brightly as the winter sun, pushing through the dismal clouds that hung low and dropped their depressing drizzle upon England.  He ran toward it his heart beating with anticipation.  By the time he got to the door there was a smile upon his face and his mind was full of hopeful thoughts.  His heart was full of hopeful dreams.  He would make everything right by Victoria Marie.  She would stay and things would be reconciled.  Of course everyone made mistakes, it was not the end of the world, as long as one learned their lesson and it never happened again . . .The thought hit Adrian like ten ranks of the kings cavalry.  His hand was poised to push open the door, but at this thought it held in check just before the latch.  What if she doesnt change?  What if she does it all again?  She did with the guard at Tasseltons estate.  What is to keep her from repeating those mistakes?  Adrian wished that Raleigh were nearby so that he might argue this point to him, but it was only he.  His stomach felt sick and heavy.  He couldnt do it, that was all that there was to it.  It just could not be done.  How could he ever trust her again with his heart . . . with his trust?  He knew that he could not.  He put his hand down and stared at the rough wooden boards of the solid hewn door.  He looked down at the ground and then up at the moon, its fullness casting its glow upon his tormented face.  Adrian put his head down, turned and walked away.
~
He stood at the end of the dock for several minutes staring out at the rippling reflections of the nights full moon, casting their light in a random, unpredictable, spellbinding fashion.  He sat down and let his hand dangle in the water.  Why was he even here?  He had resolved to leave, but got no further than this very dock the one which he had saved Orwells life and had last seen the Frenchmen.  He was angry with himself for his hesitation, for his wavering resolution.  He had made up his mind!  It was settled.  He stood to his feet swiftly and clenched his jaw and fists.  He was leaving!  He turned and walked back up the dock toward the street.  Halfway there something had caught his eye.  It had twinkled in the moonlight.  He walked over to it and knelt down.  His mouth suddenly went dry and his heart seemed to skip a beat.  There, stacked one on top of the other, were two schillings!  They were right where the boat had been tied up that very evening.  He reached for them and then stopped.  He didnt know if he wanted to touch them.  Strange as it may seem it was almost as if picking them up was a decision beyond collecting the two coins, it would be like picking up the past; resuming its cycle of pain and disappointment.  He had no doubt what they meant, or who had left them.  He reached for them again and again he stopped short.  Then he knew why, he was being watched.  He looked about in the moonlight, but saw no one.  He scrutinized every shadow quickly, but thoroughly, but still saw nothing.  It made no difference he knew that she was there . . . somewhere.  He stood.  He was not ready to make that decision.  He would wait until she made hers, his decision could only be weighed by hers.  If she truly wanted to be reconciled she would see him and his hesitation and would come out from her hiding place.  He looked down at the schillings again and then back to the shadows.  There was nothing.  No movement was apparent, no sound, nothing, yet he was sure as he had ever been about anything.  She was there.  
He turned and walked to the end of the dock again and stood staring with unfocused eyes at the water and the darkness beyond the opposite side of the river.
He did not have long to wait.  Within a few minutes there was the soft tread of feet behind him.  It was possible that it was a ruffian, but Adrian did not turn around, he didnt care if it was.  In his heart he knew it was her.  Then he felt her presence just behind him.
Victoria?  He spoke softly, barely above a whisper.
Adrian, I knew that you would come.  I dont know how, but I knew you would.  Her voice was laden with emotion.  She stepped beside him and touched his sleeve.  The movement of her hand upon the fabric of his sleeve sent electric waves passing through his arm.  He pulled away slightly, not knowing if he liked it or not.  She put her hand down.
You did not take the two schillings.  Victoria said, her voice somewhat choked with emotion.
They are not mine.  Was all that Adrian could think to say, as he still looked over the river.
They are yours.  She replied quietly.
What is the meaning behind them?  If I would have taken them what would that have meant to you?
Adrian must you begin this way?  Victoria sounded hurt.
I . . . I am sorry.  Adrian turned to face Victoria; her face was still masked by the hood.  I should say that I am glad you are alive and I am thankful to see you.  He stared into the darkness of her hooded face and wondered why she still wore the hood.
She read his mind.  They dont know that I am a woman yet.  I was afraid they would not agree to take me aboard if they knew.
Are they out here?  Adrian asked looking around.
No, they are drinking and napping in the tavern with the captain of the ship.
Then we dont need this anymore, do we?  Adrian reached up and took the hood and pushed it back from her face.  He was not prepared for the revelation of his hearts desire and her radiant beauty caught him seemingly by the throat.  He mouthed words to say, but none came.  He had forgotten how beautiful she truly was to him.
She smiled up at him.  Her face uplifted and now illuminated by natures cupid of the night, the moon.  Adrian moved toward her and slowly reached his hand to her face, caressing her cheek, and then pushing back her dark hair.  She closed her eyes and partook of the rapture of his touch.  He mumbled something to her, but even he did not understand what it was he said, the words were irrelevant.
Adrian.  She softly whispered.  I am . . . I am . . . so, She wanted to apologize, but the words never came.
He did not reply, but put his other hand to her face and gently drew her to him.  She came to him without the slightest hesitation, drifting with his drawing.  She opened her eyes and looked into his.  There they stood for several long seconds, sounding the depths of the others soul and finding that they saw each other there.  Adrian ran his hand over Victorias head again and then bent down, took her in his arms and crushed her to him.  There faces drew together and in a moment of passionate lightning their lips came crashing together and their souls were enraptured in lifes greatest bliss, the love of another.  They remained that way for several long seconds and then Adrian pushed away from her.  He knew that this was wrong!  He stepped back and looked at her.  He tried to regain his self-control and harness his quivering frame.  It was as if his entire body was alive with an electrical storm of emotions that he was unused to.  It was so strange, because he knew that it was wrong, but it did not feel wrong.  He wanted her with all the strength and passion of his young, strong body.  He commanded his screaming flesh to come under his control and with great effort it was finally accomplished.
Victoria, I thought you were dead.  His voice crackled with emotion.
Victoria answered him with seemingly great self-composure.  She seemed unfazed by the rush that had overtaken him.  It was as if she were used to the floods of overwhelming feelings that Adrian was stumbling under. This troubled him greatly.  He observed her cool manner and pondered it with a troubled heart as she answered him.  I know.  That is the way the prince wanted it.  There were only a few people that knew I was alive and what really happened to me.  Raleigh did not even know that I was alive, that is until I got a message to him from Tasseltons dungeon.  She sighed and stepped close to him.  Oh, Adrian, I dont know if you understand what I have been through!
What she has been through!  He was struck by her words and stood there just looking at her with great fear in his eyes as to her ability to see anyone else, but herself.
He turned away from her and stared down into the blackness of the moving water.  There was a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach that accompanied this new-found euphoria of intimacy.  He had wanted to be the only one to embrace her, but not yet.  He had wanted to be the only one to put upon her lips the kiss of passionate fire, but again, not yet.  It was the failure of his ability to control what had just happened that bothered him, but what disturbed him even more is that he knew that he was not the first and only.  He knew that he was one of a few, if not one of many, and that sickened him.  He turned and looked back at Victoria.  She had no clue to what was transpiring within his mind and churning within his heart.  He could tell that she was perfectly comfortable in this situation, while he was not, and that is what troubled him.  Was this all about her?  He continued to watch her intently, her face, admittedly, cast in an astonishingly drawing glow by the angle of the moonlight.  His heart once again swelled and the urge to renew his hold upon her and replace his lips upon hers came rolling over his body and soul.  He nearly succumbed to its force, yet somewhere within his heart he reached out for help.  God of Heaven, please help to come through this!  Even as he prayed this within himself, her hand reached for his and he felt its slight, radiated warmth before it ever touched, but he could not pull himself away.  Her smooth, tender, hot fingers began to intertwine into his and his heart pounded against his very ribs.  He felt his mind flood with thoughts, and his heart surge with impulses.  His resolve began to crumble; his vision of determination was fading like a summers fog.  He felt himself being drawn toward her and knew that he was being pulled into a vortex of swirling, hammering, dominating emotions from which he would not be able to retract himself from before they had taken him fully under their rushing flow and drown the very virtue of his soul in their depths.  All this, he knew, but it was unable to keep him from falling.  Deep inside his conscience was crying out to him to run, to turn away, to escape the folly that was beckoning him, but there his fleshly desires and passions withstood its outcry with amazing authority and silenced its dwindling pleas with severe blows.  
His arm was on fire.  Victorias touch had left his hand and was now caressing his arm.  His breath was coming in great heaves and his eyes transitioned from clarity to a haziness of sorts and then back again.  He was coming under the spell of nature and a skilled masters motions at its manipulation.  He was slowly being conquered.  It was only a matter of time now, very possibly a few more seconds and his soul would descend into the depths of sin and his dreams would be tainted and broken.  His vow would be broken and he would be not fit for a title of a Holy Knight.
Victoria looked into Adrians eyes, though they were hard to see in the shadow of his downward bent face.  She yearned for him with desperate longing and she knew that she would have him within her power, just as she had every other man that she had set her heart to.  Evil, she would never have thought to have intended, but neither did she take into account the Evil One that prompted his actions upon her lent spirit.  She truly believed that this was love.  Indeed it was, but only for herself, not the betterment of another or the world as a whole.  It was the neurosis of the love of ones own self.  All she saw now was Adrian, that imposing figure of such strong desire, all that she wanted was him, not his ways, nor his principles, and certainly not his objections.  Just then she thought she detected a hesitation come across his brow.  It has to be now!  She thought to herself.  She must make her move now or lose him forever!
She moved to him and stood only a fraction of an inch away from his heaving chest.  She saw that he was within her grasp.  She must only move, it would be easy, as any other before.  She thought in a flash of recall her relations with Sir Chavelle; she had been overwhelmed by him, but that did not really count.  (For she flattered herself that he was interested in her as well as she, in him.)  It had taken the tournament and his attempt to kill her to cause her to realize the delusion that she had been hiding behind, which had been self-serving at best and self-destructive at worst.  The realization was quickly pushed from her mind though.  It did not count.  She told herself and made up an excuse for it all.  She had thought it was love and so was a willing participant.  Or had she?  No, she decided, she had known it was not love, but only desire, but had not cared, for she did not see realistically that it would affect anything in her life or future.
With frustration she pushed these thoughts out of her mind and turned back to the situation at hand, Adrian.  He was the caring, longsuffering kind and she was sure that he had forgotten all about it, if he hadnt he had certainly forgiven her.
Adrian.  She cooed in a soft, oily voice.
He did not answer, but only looked at her, tremulous in every limb.
She was unfazed by his lack of response, indeed had taken it for victory.  She reached up and touched his face, caressing his cheek and chin, running her hands over the dark stubble of his beards growth that was now upon his face, admiring the strength of his features, drinking in his every aspect in anticipation of possession as she ran her hand down onto his muscled chest.
My Adrian, She looked at him with great intensity.  I love you so!
He still did not respond.  His knees were giving way to it all and he was slowly, every slowly drifting down toward her, in another few seconds she would be fully embraced in his powerful grasp and the sale of his soul would be made final.
Adrian, what is it?  She asked, still softly, and now reaching up to brush his hair back from his brow.  Do you not love me?  It was not that she believed that he did not, for she had no doubt in her ability and his love for her.  It was simply another hook that she waited for him to strike.
He started to reach his hand toward her body, slowly as if in a trance.
ADRIAN!  The voice came out of nowhere and sounded like thunder in his ears.  It froze his heart with fear.  He ceased all movement and stood transfixed.
She looked at him with a puzzled expression on her face.  What was he doing?  He was so close, so very close!  She had seen his arm move toward her, but now he had stopped.  Why?  His face was etched with . . . fear.  She grew desperate!  She grabbed him with both her arms and pulled him to her, crushing him up against her womans frame.
Adrian, kiss me, please kiss me again!  She was pleading with every portion of her being.  He bent down to her, still in a trance.  She saw his relenting and was near applauding of her efforts, but for his still fearful expression.  What he was doing was as though he were in automation and not really consciously aware.
She grabbed his face and pulled it down to her, it came and she smothered his lips with kisses.  Still, when she withdrew, he was looking at her with that same blank stare of fear.  She grabbed his tunic and tugged him to her in greater desperation still.
ADRIAN!  He heard it again and this time he stiffened in response.
What is it!?  Victoria cried out in utter frustration.
Someone . . . someone is . . . calling me.  Adrian voice was almost monotone and he sounded distant.
Yes, of course, it is I, Victoria tried to turn his head, which was looking about for the phantom voice.  Dear, it is me that is calling you.
No . . . no!  He pulled his face out of her hands.  Someone called my name.
I heard nothing.  She was growing angry now.  This was not going as she had planned!
I heard it. He looked at her.  You say you heard nothing?
I heard nothing, now please, Adrian.  I am giving you my heart . . . myself.  She ran her hand smoothly over his flat, chiseled abdomen.
Adrian stared at her as if she were a stranger.  He had suddenly recognized the voice.
Why are you looking at me that way? Of a sudden, she was afraid that she had lost.
J . . . John Oldcastle. He muttered under his breath.  His focus became blurred and he saw him, as if in a vision of old, hovering over the water nearly blending with the moonlight upon the river.  John Oldcastle was still in The Tower castle.  Adrian saw him there before his very eyes, sitting . . . in the chapel!  Sitting there looking at him!
John who? She saw that he was thoroughly distracted.  What is he talking about?  I heard no one!  Curses be upon this John Old . . .whoever!
John Oldcastle.  Adrian repeated.
Adrian, listen to me!  Victoria spoke harshly.
NO!  Adrian pushed her away and as he did so the cloud that had descended upon his mind, heart, and soul was lifted and he saw what was truly going on.  He pointed at Victoria.  You!  What are you trying to do to me?
Adrian, I love you!  He reached for his arm.
No!  Stay away from me!  You do not love me . . . you love only . . . yourself!  He turned and started away.  She ran after him and grasped him from behind with all her might.
Adrian!  She wailed.
He turned back to her, twisting his garments in her grasp.  Let go of me! He demanded.
Adrian, please! She wailed again.
He looked at her and then reached down and tore her hands from his clothes.  She fell down upon her hands and knees and grabbed him around the ankles.
LET GO!  He tried to push her away.
No!  I will not let go of you!  She was crying now. Why are you doing this to me?  Why?  Why?
Maybe I should ask you why you are doing this to me.  He pointed down at her.
Because I love you!
Something came over him, a sort of cruel iciness, and he laughed.  Love me?  I think not!  He pushed her again with his foot.  She did not let go.
I do! She put her face against his feet. That is why I left the two schillings, because I knew you would be back.
And this is what you wanted?  He asked incredulously.
No . . . She lifted her face up to look at him.  I wanted you to go with me.
WHAT?! He jerked from the surprise of the statement.
Adrian, I love you and I want to be with you.  Will you go with me?
To France?
Yes.
Why to France?
My family, I must find my family.
Your family?  What about Raleigh?  What about your fathers people?  Where is your family?  You do not even know, yet you go to seek them while leaving those that you truly have behind?
Please!
No, why should I leave my country to follow you?  Why should I leave the service of the king and his son to follow someone that I cannot trust?  Why should I follow you, when you would never follow me?  Why?  Tell me why?
She just sobbed and put her face down upon his feet again.
He looked down at her, his chest heaving and his face livid with anger and rage that had pent up for too long.  He had taken from her too much pain and betrayal and now there was no reasoning with him.  Get your face off of my feet!
The statement struck them both with the magnitude of such an insult and she lifted her face to stare at him.
I never knew you could be so cruel.  She spoke quietly.
So cruel?  I never knew you could be so evil and wicked!  He tried to push her away again.  Victoria, I defended you against claims of your narcissism.  I nearly went to blows with your own brother in defense of your honor, probably on the very night you were with your French lover.  I fought for you!  I risked and nearly lost my life for you!  You say that I am cruel!  You say that because I will not follow you into the enemys land to find family that you have no debt or ties to, that I do not love you!  I once loved you, but you were too blinded by your selfishness to see it!  You only took my love as the strength that you needed to commit sin and transgression against our Maker and against my trust!  I trusted you time after time and time after time you broke it!  Do not accuse me of not trusting, not loving and of being cruel!  His temper was fully enraged, and great his capacity of anger was.  He yanked his foot free and swung it back and kicked her fully in the shoulder.  She flew back with a cry and landed on her back.  Her face marked and covered with her hair.
I hope that I never see you again!
Adrian.  She sobbed out.
Never use my name again!  He spat upon the ground.  You are a disgrace to me.  I regret ever having met you!  I took a vow of holiness and sanctity.  See what you have caused me to do?  He spoke of the embrace, of the kiss and of his harsh treatment of her.  All of which he had never done.  All that I have ever done with you has been wrong and now this!  You tried to destroy me!
I love you, Adrian!  She choked out as she tried to get to her hands and knees.
He turned and walked over to the two schillings.  Stooping, he picked them up in his hand and returned to her form on its hands and knees.  He stared at her for several long seconds, and then he turned to the river.
Before God and man!  Tears began to course down his cheeks.  He brought his arm back and flung them with all his might in the Thames. Let it be the end!
No!  Victoria cried as they spun over and over again reflecting the moonlight, winking as they descended, striking the water and sinking down to the bottom and losing themselves in the mud.
With that he turned without looking at her and walked away down the dock and disappeared in the shadows of the street.
Adrian!  She wailed once again and fell upon her face.


Chapter XXXIV

He was sitting upon the altar bench, looking at Adrian as he pushed the door to.  Adrians hand remained upon the latch as he stared at him.  It was almost too bizarre to believe, but the vision that Adrian had down on the dock with Victoria Marie was now before his eyes with the haziness gone and the solidity of reality before him instead of shimmering images.
He walked slowly down the aisle of the chapel.  The many candles were flickering and casting faint and eerie, serpentine waves of orange light upon the surrounding pews and fixtures.  As Adrian neared the seated figure, he waited for it to simply vanish into thin air, surely this was not real; how could it be?  He stared as he walked, but could not see the figure move a muscle, it was as if her were a statue.  Maybe he was an apparition, a fabrication of Adrians weary mind.  He had been up nearly twenty-four hours; it had been very stressful for him.  Was it possible that this was all something that his mind had conjured up because of the effect of the last evening and nights events?  Yet, he knew that what he experienced upon the dock was as real as this was.  How could he have imagined that?  How could he have imagined hearing that voice calling his name?  No, that was why he was here; he knew that it was real!  He stopped just in front of the figure and simply stared into blank eyes that returned his look, unblinking, lifeless.  Was he dead?  Was he only a spirit of the man?
Suddenly, the eyes flickered into life and came into focus.  Adrian watched the lips move and heard the voice that issued forth.
Adrian, A chill swept up and down his back, as if looking for a hiding place from this entire occurrence. I have been waiting for you.  Sir John Oldcastles voice, though quiet was stirring.
Adrian did not respond, only stared as the form came to life and for the first time since he had entered the chapel, began to move.
I am glad you came.  Again the voice sounded strange and Adrians forehead broke out in a cold sweat.
Are you real?  Adrian finally stuttered out.
The man laughed.  You think that I am not?
I dont know.
Then I will have to convince you?
No, it will not be necessary.  Adrian was a bit worried that whatever means of convincing that was going to be used would be something that he did not want to experience.
Adrian, John pointed to the pew at the front of the chapel.  Sit and tell me what happened tonight.
Adrian sat, not knowing what else to do.  Where do you want me to begin?
After I left the dinner will be sufficient.
Then you came here and have been here all the time?
The older man smiled faintly, that is accurate, now the story.
Adrian told him of the princes response and anger concerning the entire matter.  How that after John Oldcastle had been, for all intents and purposes, thrown out, no one wanted to even touch their meal.  The guests had left early, including Adrians parents.  The only one who remained behind was Salina.
Does she know about Victoria Marie?  Oldcastle interrupted.
Yes, but how did you know?  Adrian looked at the man in wonder.
Adrian, there are many things that I know, that is not important right now, what is important is did you tell her?
Well, if you know so much . . . Adrian caught himself before he said it, yet Oldcastle did not take offense, but finished for him.
Tell you myself?  Very well, I shall.  You did and she left in tears.  I fear that you will never see her again.
You are right she did leave.  How do you know that I shall never see her again?
I did not say that I knew, I only said that I feared.
That you did.  Adrian was quiet, thinking it all over in his mind once more.  Do you think that I should not have told her about Victoria?  Do you think that I should have just taken her as she was and left Victoria up to fate?
I think nothing of the kind.  I think that it was the right thing to do, but I will explain that to you later.  Oldcastle sat back.  Please continue.
Adrian told him of the clandestine meeting with Sir Gilbert and the subsequent puzzling events.  The killing of the man that had found him.  He told him of the boat, their crossing, meeting and return.
And the entire time you did not suspect that one of the Frenchmen was in all actuality, Victoria?
I did not even think of it.  I was resigned to the fact that she was dead, remember?
Oh, yes, I remember, but I am somewhat amazed that she did not try to send you some sort of message.  Oldcastle pondered the thought for some moments.
Then Adrian thought of it!  The handshake at departure.  He had known that the mans hand was extremely soft, now he knew why!  It was not a man, but it was Victoria Marie!  She had held on to his hand for several seconds, that was the message.  He told Sir John.
Ahh!  I knew it would be there somewhere.  Good.  Now I am satisfied.  He changed positions.  So, you returned and what?
I talked with Raleigh and he told me about Victoria.  I knew then that it was she, and still I did not want to meet with her.  It was not until after I had cried for sometime that I thought to give her another chance.
No doubt, Raleighs philosophy and advice had something to do with that decision.  John Oldcastle interrupted.
You are right.  He said that people can change with time.  Adrian admitted, seeing his point.
Just as I thought again.  Oldcastle looked squarely into Adrians eyes.  Yes, some people may change with time, but there are certain things that they can and will never escape in their character.  He then sat back.  In a perfect world your friend Raleigh is right.  It is just too bad that it is not a perfect world.
You are right.  Adrian was thinking of the encounter upon the dock with Victoria.
Adrian.  His voice was quiet, stern and commanding.  Adrian looked at Sir John Oldcastle with almost a fear at the change.
Yes, Sir.
Adrian, what you have done tonight with Salina was temptation of the flesh and you almost succumbed.  What you have done tonight with Victoria Marie is the snare of Hell and you slid upon its edge.  Adrian, you have sinned.
Adrian put his head down and his face flooded with shame.
I have.  He admitted with contrition.
What is more, you sinned in your response to your own guilt, though I may understand you fervor.  You should not have kicked her!  Though she may have been wrong in the role of a seductress, you cannot blame her for the temptation to your own flesh.  You were responding not only to the danger that was before you, but your own very real sense of guilt.  Temptation is only the tool to awake within us latent lusts and passions, not the cause of them.  We must not blame the object of our temptation because we desire it.  The only remedy for temptation is not to fight it, but to flee it, as the Book of God says.  For the problem lies not without, but within.  You cannot fight that which is within, without yourself losing.  Though she was wrong, she was the object of your desire.
Adrian brought his head up with a quick motion.  Then you were down there!
I have never left this chapel since dinner last night.
What?  How can that be?  Adrian did not believe him.
It simply is.
I dont believe you!  Adrian accused him.
Nor should I expect you to.  You are ignorant of such things.
What things?  Adrian was now angry.
How did you know that I was here?  Oldcastle asked in a low voice.
I . . . saw you.
Saw me?  Oldcastle did not seem surprised, but interested.
Yes, I saw you sitting there.  Actually, I heard you first, though I did not know who it was.  I heard someone calling my name just as I . . . well, that is . . . I heard it.  Adrian finished hurriedly and put his head down again.
Then you saw me?
Yes, Sir.  Adrian answered without lifting his head.
Interesting, is it not?
I would like to know how you did that!  Adrian demanded now, with his face once again looking upon Sir John, this time with a sort of defiance.  He had heard of such things before and now he was beginning to see why these Lollards were considered heretics.  They were using sorcery!
Adrian, I did nothing of the kind.  I did not even know what had happened to you.
Then how did you know I was coming and how did I know you were here?  Adrians voice raised in a frustrated pitch.
I was praying.
Praying?  Adrian stared in disbelief.  Praying?  Of course Adrian had prayed before, but to pray and something of this sort take place?  He did not know if he believed it.  Did God really answer prayers as this and in this fashion?  How could it be?
I can tell you do not understand and struggle with doubt.
He did not respond.
Adrian, I am an outlaw, but do you really understand why?  I am considered a Lollard, a follower of John Wycliffe, but I am not truly a follower of a man by that name.  I am a follower of what he taught, but only because for the first time the English people were able to look into the Word of God for themselves.  Do you know why John Wycliffe was persecuted?  Do you know why they disinterred his bones and burned them?
No.  Adrian admitted.
I will tell you then.  It is because of their guilt.  It is because of their shame and their condemnation suffered at his hands.  It is no different than the death of the prophets of old.  They were done away with because of their message.
Are you saying the John Wycliffe was a prophet?
I am saying that the reasons for persecution are always the same.  God is the judge of who and what the man was.  Oldcastle leaned forward.  Did you know that Wycliffe translated the Vulgate into a readable English form for the people?
I am not sure, I understand.
For centuries the English people have been attending mass, going to church and hearing words read out of the Holy Scripture, for centuries, but never have understood there meaning!  They know not the Latin language!
Adrian thought about that.  He was right.  He had always wondered what the priests were saying.
For centuries the people have been taking a mans word for what they were incapable of comparing against the truth for themselves.  Oldcastle paused as if knowing that his next words would be the most dangerous that he had spoken thus far.  The truth of the matter is that the established church has been and is wrong!
Adrian just stared.  He felt as though he should be shocked by what he just heard, but curiously enough found that he was not.  It somehow made sense to him.
You believe me then.  Oldcastle said.
Let us just say that I am listening.
Very well.  Sir John was satisfied; it meant that he did believe.  With this translation began a movement of religious awareness or revival.  They have called it heresy, but truly it is only the emerging of revelation that has been suppressed by greedy, self-righteous, and self-serving men.  Even the Apostles defended themselves with the words, after the way called heresy.  It is no different in any age.  The system of the church has been used for personal gain and political leverage.  It is not about the souls of men and reconciliation with their maker.  The archbishop of Canterbury is not for salvation!  He is about lending the weight of an implied Sovereign consent to kings desires and whims.  It is about power!  Power and only power!  They did away with Wycliffe because he told him this.  Because he told them that they needed to put off their political garments and their pompous robes weaved with the gold of the poor and humble themselves before the people and before God.  He told them that they had no right to receive a mans confession, it was only meant for God to hear, that they could not forgive sins, but were in desperate need of forgiveness themselves.
I can see why they hated him.  Adrians eyes focused beyond the chapel walls and his mind and heart began to apply what he was hearing with what he knew and had always felt about the things that surrounded him.
Indeed!  It would take a truly humble and contrite man that would take such words to heart and obey, such they are not.  At least not all.  There were some that heeded, and these too have been persecuted.
You are persecuted for the same beliefs?
That I am.  It is not what this man taught that I follow.  For he only followed what he saw in the Word of God.  That is what I am following, what I have seen for myself in that same Book.
I would like to see for myself.
Oldcastle smiled.  Someday, someday you shall.  The translations are rare and outlawed, possession is death.  Oldcastle looked past Adrian toward the window.  Enough for now, it is growing light.  What I wish to speak to you about is something that you must believe, for I have no evidence for it.
Adrian looked at him, but said nothing.
You must believe me Adrian, or my words will mean nothing.
Somehow Adrian did believe.  I will believe you.
Oldcastle stood and walked up to him and stood there.
From the first time I laid eyes on you last night I knew that there was something different about you.  It was then that I begin to ponder what.  I came here, escaping the trap laid for me, and prayed.  I heard from God.  He watched the effect the words would have upon Adrian.  He did nothing, but listen, so Sir John continued.  He spoke to me concerning many things about you, but two things of the greatest significance.  The first is that you were in grave danger of compromise.  The second, that you had a destiny with history itself!  Adrian, I prayed and saw you upon the balustrade with Salina.  I continued in prayer into the night and I saw you with Victoria upon the dock.  I saw your deeds, for God saw them and revealed them to me.  I did not know that you saw me, but at that moment I was praying with the utmost earnest that you would stay true to your vows and your principles.  God answered my prayers and you are here.
Adrian was dumbfounded, shocked and speechless.  God speaking!  That was heresy in itself!  No man was allowed to hear from God, but the priesthood.  Then Adrian wondered if that too were a lie that had been conjured up by the church simply to suppress the faith that such could ever occur.  He felt that it was.  Surely, this man had heard from God, else these things he would have never known.  If it had been sorcery or Satan that had informed him would not his objectives been different than prevention of Adrians sin and compromise?  It had to be God!  This thought was so foreign and new to Adrian that it was like an intense light shining upon a miner laboring in the bowels of the earth for days and finally seeing the noonday sun.  Everything changed.
What was the part about history?  Adrian wondered.
Then you believe me?
I do.  I am compelled by reason of truth to believe you.
Thank God!  I knew that you would.  What I have told you I cannot tell you more.  It has been forbidden me.
What am I to do now?
You are to remain where you are and allow righteousness and your acquired principles to lead you.  You have duties that beckon you beyond yourself and your feelings.
You speak in seemingly contradictory terms.  The prince does not approve of your beliefs and has even went so far as to threaten you, yet you say that I am to remain in service to him?
That is correct.  It is not so much to him that is important, but it is the position that you are in.  You are positioned to be a great influence upon many people and hopefully upon the prince himself.  Oldcastle paused.  It is only a matter of time before he becomes king.
That is what my father has said to me.
For King Henry, sadly enough, I fear it is so.
So what am I going to do to influence, whomever?
You are not going to do anything, but to continue as you have been.  You must not try, but you must be!
What of Victoria, she is no doubt gone now.  Shall I ever see her again?  How will I ever make things right by her?
I do not have the answer to that.  Oldcastle paced again and then came back to Adrian.  Time is growing short and I really must be going.  The priests will be here soon to do morning service and I will be the last person they need to see.
Adrian stood and not knowing what else to do held out his hand to Sir John Oldcastle.  I am not sure of what to say, but I do know that I am thankful that I have made your acquaintance.
Oldcastle took his hand and gave it a firm grip and shook it warmly.
Indeed, it does my heart good to see you open and willing to hear the truth.  He released his hand and put it to his forehead pensively as he looked suddenly at the floor.  There is something that I want you to remember Adrian.  He looked back up at him.
What is that?
Sometimes a man's righteous duties go against his human heart, though they demand its employment, it is then, in this state of perplexity, in between one or the other, that a man is truly a man, it is here where that man becomes honorable.  He put his hand on Adrians shoulder.  There are going to be things that seem to you incomprehensible, but I am asking you to complete your duties where God has seen fit to place you, for indeed duty beckons to the wise and willing.
Adrian just stood there, feeling almost as though he had been commissioned for a sacred task.  He wondered if this was how his ancestors had felt at the call to reclaim the Holy Land by Pope Urban II.  It was a heavy weight, but it brought with it a sense of destiny, a sense of meaning to many things that he was doing.  He decided that he was in favor of it.
Adrian!  Again, one of the many times in the last day, his name was called out.  Adrian looked at Oldcastle with fear in his eyes.  Adrian, sir, are you in there.
For an instant Sir John Oldcastle froze and then sprang amazing fast, away from Adrian and into the shadows at the side of the chapel.  Adrian followed his rapid movements with his eyes, wondering if he would make it to hiding in time.  He did, but was not completely hidden from sight.  Oldcastle seemed to say to him with his eyes for Adrian not to look in his direction.  He turned his gaze away.
Adrian?  The voice called out again.  It was Orwell.
Here!  He shouted back.  
The doors to the chapel burst open and Orwell came through, still in his bed garments, and looking very sleepy indeed.
Thank goodness.  I was not looking forward to looking over the entire kingdom to find you.  One of the guards had said that they thought to have seen you come in here.
Indeed, I am here.
Orwell looked around somewhat suspiciously.  Adrian hoped that he did not see Sir John Oldcastle.  He wanted desperately to look again to see if he was still well hidden in the shadows, but dared not lest Orwell follow his gaze.
What are you doing in here anyway?  Orwell asked, puzzled and looked at him.
I was receiving counsel.
From whom?  I see no one and the priests will no be here for several more minutes.
Adrian hesitated on briefly and then replied.
From God.
Orwell knew the law and he looked at Adrian sharply.  I assume you have had a long night and so I will not repeat what you just said.
It matters not.
It does and I will not repeat it.
Do as you please.  Adrian stated flatly.
What is wrong with you?  Orwell was shocked by his attitude.
What do you need me for?  Adrian countered and changed the subject.
I am not sure, but Prince Henry sent me out with my ear on fire and said that I was to find you immediately!  He wants to see you the instant you set foot in the door.
The words of Sir John Oldcastle rang again into Adrians ear.  Duty beckons.
Lead the way.  Adrian spoke, not because he needed led, but he wanted Orwell in front of him so that he might see Oldcastle and motion a farewell.  Orwell led away and Adrian turned to look, but saw . . . no one!  Oldcastle was gone!  He looked about him frantically, but he was nowhere to be seen!  It was impossible for him to have exited, but he was gone nonetheless!
Are you coming?  Orwell was at the door looking at Adrian with a perplexed look.
Yes . . . I need to wait . . . a few minutes.  Adrian was trying desperately to think of where he could have gone.
You cannot wait, shall I tell the Prince that is what you said?
Adrian snapped out of it.  Duty beckons.  No, I am coming.  And he went to the door.  They went out and just before the door closed he looked back and thought he saw a glimpse of an outline of a man standing at the altar.  The man raised his hand and Adrian did the same and then the door slammed shut.
By the way, Orwell was saying.  A messenger came from Salina at first light.
Adrian turned to him.  And?
He told Raleigh and I that Salina and her uncle had left abruptly from the inn during the middle of the night.
Why?  Is that all?  Adrian stopped and looked at Orwell.
I am not sure why, but she sent a message to you.  Orwell closed his eyes as if trying to remember.
What was it?
I am thinking.  He opened them.  I dont understand it, but it was something like, bend when the wind blows.  Whatever, it makes no sense.
Adrian repeated it.  Bend when the wind blows?  He shook his head and then turned and started off toward the princes lodgings, Orwell close behind him.


The End
