Pirate Perdita and the Time Travelling Zombie Dinosaursfrom Space!

By Mir Foote


Smashwords Edition
ISBN:9781310300349

2013 by MIR Foote
All rights reserved.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work this author.


For Liam.
And for all children who are now, for the children we used to be, and the children who will come.  


Table of Contents

Chapter 1: Run
Chapter 2: Out of Time
Chapter 3: Time Slips
Chapter 4: Capture
Chapter 5: Hiking and Hitches
Chapter 6:  The Star of Bokor
Chapter 7: Runaway
Chapter 8: The Havarada
Chapter 9: Bambiraptors
Chapter 10: Besieged
Chapter 11: Three Blind Mice
Chapter 12: Coming Storm
Chapter 13: The Battle
Chapter 14: The Aoide Diamond
Chapter 15: History
About the Author


Chapter 1
Run

The zombie apocalypse arrived on a Tuesday.  Nobody noticed.  Nobody important anyway.  There were no news stories, no fleeing humans, no armies marching down the streets.  There was just a man standing on a street corner and holding up a sign.
The man was not remarkable.  He was neither tall nor short.  His hair was dark and neatly cut.  His clothes were clean and fit him well; a white button up shirt and black pants.  He wore a pair of dark sunglasses.  He did not look like the sort of person who stood at street corners and held up signs.  People stared at him.  This wasnt a large city.  They werent used to strange men.  They would read his sign and be confused.  Sometimes they would turn their heads to look around.  Mostly they decided to ignore him and go on their way.
Two blocks away, a boy was walking to school.  This was not an unusual sight.  Many eleven year old boys walked to school.  A rather smaller number of those boys had coils of springy white hair that haloed their heads in wild abandon.  And even fewer were five foot eight, as skinny as a rail, and struggling to carry both a violin case and a backpack weighing a bit more than he did.  In fact, in the tiny town of Sanger there was only one such boy, and his name was Leander Jack.
Leander Jack, on this particular Tuesday, was walking very slowly.  He did not want to go to school.  He had a history test.  If there was one thing that Leander Jack was bad at, it was history.  Mr. Mason, the history teacher, just didnt make sense.  Mr. Mason did not like Leander Jacks questions.  When he taught them about Christopher Columbus discovering America, he taught them all a rhyme.
In 1492, Columbus discovered a land thats new.  The pilgrims wanted a land of plenty, and the Mayflower came in 1620.
If its a new land, then how come there are people there? Leander Jack asked, How can you discover something new if someone else is there first?
Leander Jacks classmates all laughed.  Mr. Mason told him not to be smart.  When Mr. Mason taught them about kings and queens, Leander Jack had another question.
Why are the women in history always burned or beheaded?  Dont they do anything besides die in interesting ways?  Mr. Mason gave him detention and made him write I respect all girls and their place in history five hundred times.
On that Tuesday, the test was not over the Mayflower or kings.  It was on the Civil War.  Mr. Mason was very fond of dates and numbers, and Leander Jack was struggling to remember them all.
In 1861, the confederate army shot a gunin 1865 the union won for all alive.  Leander Jack mumbled to himself as he walked towards the school.  The numbers swirled around in his head.  He tried not to think about his questions.  He wished that Mr. Mason explained more.  Dates and numbers didnt give Leander Jack a proper picture of the war.  They didnt have a soul to them, the way a story does.
Then Leander Jack walked around a corner and he saw the man standing on the street across from him.  The man looked back.  Leander Jack looked at his sign.  And he forgot all about his history test and dates and numbers.  The sign was addressed to him.
Leander Jack,
The zombies are among us.  Look to your left.
Mr. Ii
Leander Jack stared at the sign.  The sign holder stared back.  Then Leander Jack looked to his left.
For a moment it was just a street.  It looked like it always did; a row of neatly kept houses with mowed lawns and sometimes cars or bikes in the driveways.  Then a red and purple car moved.  It didnt move like a car.  It lurched, stepping away from the curb on four feet, with a frill where the windshield should be and two great long horns in the place of headlights.  In fact, this was not a car at all.  It was a dinosaur.  A dinosaur walking down Oak Street on a perfectly ordinary Tuesday.  A triceratops with great big horns and eyes that glowed green.
Leander Jack looked at the triceratops.  Then he looked at the man holding the sign.  The man smiled at him, and then flipped his sign around.  Now it just said one word.
RUN!
And then the smiling man gave him a friendly nod and vanished.  Now there was no one standing on the street corner.  And Leander Jack felt the ground shudder as the weight of something enormous approached.  
Leander Jack dropped his violin.  The dinosaur charged.
Roughly one block and seventy thousand millennia away, a shadowed figure watched from its perch atop a viciously toothed monstrosity.  The vision of the boy running from the dinosaur was held in a glowing pool cast upon a cave wall.  At the shadows side, a girl also watched.  It was hard to say how old the girl was.  She was short, but her eyes did not look like those of a very young child.  She looked fearless, fierce and scowling.  Her hair was long and black and tied up in a dozen tight braids.  She was also wearing rather a lot of chains.
And there goes your knight in shining armor! the shadowed figure exclaimed with cruel mirth.  And who will there be to rescue you after I crush him?
Ha! replied the girl, Im no ones damsel in distress.  I will rescue myself, thank you very much.  She did not look worried about Leander Jack.
Hes just the first, Thief! hissed the shadow, Your father will be next.
Im not a thief, Im a pirate, the girl answered, And he isnt my father.  Hes my prisoner.  I stole his ship.
Father or prisoner, boyfriend or knight, soon every pest will be gone!
In the vision before them, the triceratops was gaining.  The girl wasnt scared.  Not really.  But maybe she was growing concerned.  She didnt need a knight in shining armor.  But she didnt like other people breaking things that were hers.  And Leander Jack was hers.  She had stolen him fair and square.  Leander Jack just didnt know it yet.  Time travel was funny that way.
I could stop it, you know, the shadow said.  They watched Leander Jack stumble, his heavy backpack throwing him off.  You know what she wants to know.
Steal your own Jewels, the girl answered, still scowling fiercely.  The dinosaur had trouble when Leander Jack changed streets, but in the end four legs will always run down two.  Any second now, they would see the boy being speared, or trampled.  The second came, the great horn piercing the backpack.
The girl did not close her eyes or look away.  Her hands clinched.
There was a noise like blip.
And the dinosaur was alone, a backpack hanging off one horn and bits of a fence still clinging to one foot.  Leander Jack was not dead.  He was nowhere to be seen.
What?! cried the shadowed figure, a sound of pure fury.  Lesser beings might have quaked at that roar.  The many toothed monstrosity it sat upon shuddered beneath the shadows anger.
Perdita the pirate girl only smiled.


Chapter 2
Out of Time

Rewind five minutes.
Leander Jack ran.
The dinosaur followed.  The ground quaked beneath its weight.  It was gaining fast; Leander Jack did not have to look behind him to know that.  Leander Jack was going to die on a perfectly ordinary Tuesday.  He wished this was not true.  He really wished he hadnt spent all of the night before studying for his history test.
Then right in front of him, the man from the street corner flickered into existence.  He had another sign.
GO RIGHT.  The man flickered out of existence again.  Leander Jack dodged right, dashed through an open gate, and ran across someones yard.  
The dinosaur tried to follow.  It didnt fit through the gate.  It pushed.  The fence shattered around it.  It ran on.
Leander Jack made it across the yard and climbed the chain-link fence on the other side.  He jumped down just as he heard the wooden fence breaking behind him.  He ran.
The dinosaur ran straight through the chain link fence.  A bit of it got caught around its ankle and it paused, trying to shake it off.  Then it ran again.
The man appeared before Leander Jack, this time with a sign saying LEFT.  Leander Jack ran left.  The dinosaur followed.  Left was a dead end.  Leander Jack thought he hated the man with the signs.
At the end of the alley, Leander Jack ran up to a brick wall and stopped.  There was nowhere else to go.  He was dead.  He turned, holding up his backpack, as though it might work as a shield.  The ground shuddered as the great beast charged.
The horn tore his backpack from his hand, and he stared right into its shining green eyes.  Into his death.  And from behind him, a hand reached through the solid brick wall, grabbed his shoulder, and pulled.
There was a sound like blip.
Leander Jack stumbled into a place that should not exist.
His first thought was that he was not dead.  His second thought was that maybe he was dead, and the afterlife looked like a space ship had crashed into an ocean sailing ship, and instead of destroying each other they had decided to merge.  Then he decided that that would be a very stupid afterlife and that he wasnt dead after all.
The ship was wooden.  He was standing on a deck with a wooden mast and cloth sails.  The sails billowed, as though in a high wind and a black flag with a skull and crossbones fluttered merrily above a crows nest.  Which was very odd because there wasnt any wind and because the entire ship was covered in a clear blue bubble that felt like glass or maybe plastic when Leander Jack went over to the edge of the ship to touch it.  And they werent floating on water.  Or resting on land.  They were absolutely surrounded by water, above and below.  Leander Jack watched a school of silver fish dart by above his head.  The dark shadow of a shark followed.
And the deck also had a control station, complete with computer screens and switches.  All of this was up some steps, where the ships wheel sat in the midst of the high tech controls.
Leander Jack looked at all of this, at the fish swimming like birds over his head and the billowing sails and the tiny robot zooming around the deck screaming like a parrot and the neatly dressed man who had grabbed his shoulder and pulled him on board.
So Im not dead, then? he said.
Welcome back, Oleander, the man answered.
My name is Leander Jack.  And what do you mean, welcome back?  Ive never been here before.
But you will have been, answered the man.  Now, we are just about out of time.  And the man walked over to the controls, flipped several switches, and spun the giant wheel.
The ship lurched, knocking Leander Jack off his feet.  The water bubbled around the ship and fish darted away.
There was a sound like tuwith thwip pitched high inside Leander Jacks head.  Then the world vanished.
It came back with a deep sound like glonk, solid and heavy.  They werent in the ocean anymore.  Leander Jack could see stars.  Not the gentle scattering that came with the night; this was an almost solid mass, sharp and bright, filling the sky with a light so brilliant it almost hurt to see it.
Then the man from before leaned over him, blocking his view.  Leander Jack could see stars reflected in his dark glasses.
Welcome aboard the time ship Electra. Im afraid the captain has been kidnapped for the moment, but as her first prisoner, Im very happy to have you on board.
First prisoner? Leander Jack asked sitting up slowly.
This was my ship before Captain Perdita stole it and made me her prisoner.
the captain that has been kidnapped?
Yes, thats right.  We need to go rescue her.  Or help her rescue herself.  She hates being rescued.
You want to go rescue the pirate who stole your ship and made you her prisoner?
Yes.
Who are you?
My name is Mr. Ii.  First prisoner to Captain Perdita.  Thats a bit like first mate, but with more shouting.  Well, quartermaster is probably more accurate, but quarter-prisoner sounded ridiculous.  
What does the E stand for?
Not Mr. E, Mr. Ii.  Spelled ii.  Its Korean.  And youyou are Leander Jack.
Leander Jack stared, trying very hard to understand.  How do you know who I am?  Why was a dinosaur chasing me?  How did you save me?
I know you, because we already met.  Your future.  My past.  Time travel is odd that way.  The dinosaur was sent to kill you, probably because the future you will save Perditas life.
Huh?
Mr. Ii sighed.  He walked away and Leander Jack stumbled back to his feet.  He could feel the ship rocking gently beneath his feet, as though they were resting on water and not space.  Then Mr. Ii came back, carrying a piece of paper.
Look, he said, drawing three dots, This is you, this is me, and this is Perdita.

Now, this shows our time line.  And then he drew a squiggly sort of knot between them.

Now do you understand?
Leander Jack stared at the knot.
This is what a time line looks like when you can travel in time, Mr. Ii continued to explain, This is the first day you meet me.  But I met you already.  And one day, you will see me and I wont know who you are.  Because that me wont know you yet.  And one day, future you is going to save Perditas life.  So someone decided to try and kill you now.
But wont that mess up time? Leander Jack asked.
Sometimes the easiest way to defeat a knot is to cut one of the threads.  Just because future you meets us doesnt mean past you cant die.  It just means theres a paradox.  Thats not a problem.  Its the universes solution to cutting timelines.  Future you will still exist but only where we met; and we wont meet you again even if we would have because now youre dead.
Huh? said Leander Jack.  Mr. Ii sighed, looking very much like Leander Jacks math teacher when a student didnt understand the lesson.
All you need to understand is that time isnt set in stone.  Its a big tangled knot, and strands can be cut.  So try not to die.  Now, follow me please.  And try not to get lost; you dont want to be eaten by a Tyrannosaur.
And once more Mr. Ii grabbed him, this time by the hand and dragged him towards the gang plank.
You want me to walk the plank? Leander Jack asked, alarmed.
I want you to walk the time slip, Mr. Ii answered.  And then he pushed.
Leander Jack stumbled forward and fell into history.


Chapter 3
Time Slips

Rewind two days.
Perdita stood upon her time ship, Mr. Ii at her side.  She had the wheel, feeling the slide of time beneath her hands.  Mr. Ii was arguing with the vacuum cleaner.
I do not care if you detected dust particles.  You are not to clean my rose garden.
Dirty dirty dirty! the vacuum cleaner said back.  It resembled a robotic cat more than anything else, but more robot than cat.  It did have a body, a tail, four limbs, and a head with whiskers.  The legs ended in dainty but powerful scrub brushes.  And the hollow tail had enough suction power to pick up a bowling ball.  No one knew why it had whiskers.  Or why its eyes glowed in the dark.
Its a garden, Mr. Ii explained patiently, Its meant to be dirty.  Now go back to chasing dust bunnies.
With an annoyed whine the vacuum left.
Perdita ignored the exchange.  Or perhaps she was too distracted by the inside of her own head to notice it.
When she wasnt wearing chains and being held by a shadowy figure, she stood at a sturdy four feet tall, her hair still done up with braids but also topped by a large black hat.  If one had to guess her age, most would guess seven.  She was the right size for it, the right shape.  Her eyes were large and her face round and her smile was missing a front tooth.  If they stared into her startling gray eyes, they might change their guess to seventy.  They would be wrong.
Captain Perdita claimed to be eight years old when she became a pirate.  That was two years ago.  More or less.  Its hard to be sure when ones home is a time ship.  Now she stood, musing on her inner most thoughts, until her dreams and visions became so huge inside that she had to share them.
Im going to steal the Star of Bokor.
Mr. Ii looked up from his garden.
I do not think that is a good idea, he said, I might have to ground you.
You cant ground me; youre my prisoner, Perdita answered, her hands still clutching the wheel as she stared into the eddies of time.  Sometimes, when she stared into history, she could feel time seeping back into her.  Perhaps she really was closer to seventy than seven.  Time had a way of aging people.
I think you should stay in your room and think about how dangerous stealing the Star of Bokor would be, my captain.
Captain Perdita stomped her foot.  I am stealing it.
The captains first prisoner picked her up and carried her to her room.
She climbed out the window and told the vacuum cat that the galley needed a good oiling.  Then she guided the ship to the time slip while Mr. Ii explained to the cat that the galley did not need to be oiled after all.  Particularly not with olive oil.
By the time Mr. Ii felt the ship lurch beneath his feet, it was already too late.  When he stumbled and slid out of the galley, Perdita was gone.
Fast forward two days
Leander Jack stumbled from the gang plank and landed in a jungle.  It was hot and humid and green and much louder than the boy had ever imagined a jungle could be.  There were zips and zings as winged things that were far larger than any bug had a right to be zipped past.  There were chirps and screeches and surprisingly melodic screams all around and above.  Occasionally there was the crack of broken branches or the shush of disturbed foliage.  After the silence of the time ship, it was deafening.
Mr. Ii hopped down behind him, landing on his feet.  Leander Jack stumbled back onto his.  He turned around.  There was no sign of the ship.  There was a place where the jungle looked a bit wrong, like a picture that had been torn in half and then glued back together, leaving the two halves just the slightest bit off.
Wheres the ship? Leander Jack asked.
Its there, behind the time slip.
Cautiously, Leander Jack approached the place where space was wrong.  He kept walking.  There was nothing there but more jungle.
Its a knack, slipping through the cracks in time and space, Mr. Ii said.  Just stay with me.  Stay close.  And then Mr. Ii turned away and started walking into the jungle.  Leander Jack had to jog to catch up before his only guide disappeared completely.
As far as jungles went, it was nothing like what Leander Jack might have imagined.  For one thing, the most common tree type he could see was fir trees or other spiky leaved kinds.  For another, he could smell dead fish amongst the nicer scents of needles and flowers.  The forest ground was rife with magnificent blossoms and green things and insects.  It was also rife with rustlings of tiny things hiding amongst green shadows.    The only way it was at all jungle-like, in fact, was the hot and humid air that wrapped around him like a blanket.
Leander Jack noted all this as he hurried to catch up to Mr. Ii.  He noted it and didnt really believe it.  People dont really get chased by dinosaurs on their way to school.  They also dont get pulled onto time ships.  And they definitely dont leave that ship and jump into the past when dinosaurs still roamed the earth.  So Leander Jack didnt shriek when a giant wasp flew at his face.  He didnt panic when something large grunted from beneath a spiky shrub.  And he didnt faint when a feathered reptile glided over his head.  He ducked when he needed to, but mostly he kept his eyes on Mr. Iis back and kept walking.  He failed to get attacked or stung.  It felt like he was in a dream.
Then they stumbled clear of the trees and the sea was in front of them.  It was large and gentle and stank of brine and dead fish.  The beach also featured birds.  At least Leander Jack thought they were birds.  They had wings and beaks.  They were also at least six feet tall.  And one was standing right in front of them.
Oh, said Mr. Ii, stumbling to a halt.  Shoo.
At that moment, a bee stung Leander Jacks arm.
Ow! he cried, feeling a sharp pain.  It hurt.  It hurt.  You dont hurt in dreams.  This wasnt a dream.  This wasnt a dream and he was standing in the past and a giant bird was going to eat him.  And all at once everything was real.  There were insects, things with stings, there was rustling in the foliage, and there was a giant bird.  Staring at them.
Oh, said Leander Jack, and then, What is that.  Is it going to eat us?
Its a bird, answered Mr. Ii, Hesperornis.  Like a penguin.  They eat fish.
Ive never seen a penguin with teeth, Leander Jack said.  The bird stared, its eyes alien and cold.  Then it turned and dived into the sea.  They could see it swimming like a silver ribbon, darting away under the waves.
Dont worry, said Mr. Ii, We arent their normal prey.  Its the larger dinosaurs you need to watch out for.  Or the zombies.  They wont care what we are; theyll just attack.  Like that triceratops.
Where did you take me? Leander Jack demanded, Why are we here?
We are in the late Cretaceous period, Maastrichtian to be exact.  We are here because Captain Perdita is here.  I took the ship to the closest time slip and now we have to walk the rest of the way.
But why am I here? Leander Jack demanded, Im just an eleven year old boy.  I cant help.  Im just going to be eaten by a dinosaur or a giant bird or killed by a bee!  The bee sting had really hurt.  There was a bump on his arm still.
Youre here because youre our friend; and its easier to keep you alive if I can see you, Mr. Ii answered calmly.  Try to look at it as an adventure.  How many other boys get to travel in time?  Now come, we are almost there.
Then Mr. Ii started walking along the rocky beach and Leander Jack had to follow or be left behind for the birds.
He followed.  It was as they approached a rocky cliff that the dinosaurs attacked.


Chapter 4
Capture

Rewind two days
A figure in shadows sat upon a throne.  It was always in shadows, eyes glittering from the darkness.  And lower, presumably where the figures neck would be, there was a bright blue jewel: the Star of Bokor.
Its throne today was a feathered ornithomimus; not as impressive a mount as the giant toothed tyrannosaurids or the horned and plated plant eaters, but it was swift and surprisingly vicious despite its beak lacking any teeth.  It stood at about the size of an ostrich, with the mannerisms and feathers to match, though its feathers were green and blue and it had a tail unlike any ostrich ever seen.  Its eyes were also green, shining like twin jewels from beneath the dark shade of its master.
The shadow wanted to be swift today.  The army was large, both in size and numbers, and the shadow needed speed to direct them.  It sang, its voice sweet as honey, and the army answered.
Come my friends, come all to me
To the space ship by the sea
Our mistress calls, protect the nest
Come, come, come!
Hooting and chirping and growling and roars followed its voice.  The ground trembled.  The army came and the space ship was waiting.
And Captain Perdita came too.  Her eyes were not glowing green, but gray, and any light they held came from within Perdita herself.  They were eyes that had looked into time, that had weathered storms, that had seen darkness and laughed.  She came with stealth, a hunter stalking her prey.  She came with a full toothed smile, like a crocodiles grin.  And when she was ready, she leaped.
A handful of something tiny and white, like sand, she cast upon the dinosaur.  It lurched, tail whipping, as the green glow faded from its eyes.  A second handful was cast into the shadows while it screamed in rage.  Perdita managed to get her hands upon the jewel.  And then the raptors attacked.
Fast forward seventy million years, give or take a few, to 1993CE
Wes Linster, fourteen years old, was looking for dinosaur bones.  This is not unusual.  Many people have looked for dinosaur bones, young and old.  What is unusual is that Wes found some.  Not just bones.  He found an entire raptor skeleton.  Not only is it mostly complete; its new.  Its young.  Its tiny.  Its a little bigger than a chicken, three feet long from the tip of the head to the tip of its tail.  It probably has feathers.  Its cute.  Eventually, the scientists decide to name it bambiraptor.  
Really, how scary can something called a bambiraptor be?
Rewind seventy million years, give or take a few, and fast forward two days
Leander Jack and Mr. Ii were almost to a rocky cliff.  Mr. Ii seemed to know where they are going.  Leander Jack did not. All Leander Jack knew was that he did not want to be stuck in the past or be eaten by a giant sharp toothed penguin.
Suddenly, Mr. Iis shirt was gone and Leander Jacks jeans had a rip down one leg, and theres a storm of feathers and wind and tooth and claw.  Just as quickly, theres a bright flash, a cloud of white powder, and jingling, and the storm retreated.  Leander Jack stood in shock, his leg bleeding, his shirt and pants ripped, and his scream still hanging in the air.  Mr. Ii stood coolly, shirtless, arm bloody and hands full of tiny red and silver balls.  A few feet away, the feathered monsters hooted excitedly over jingling toy mice.
Rewind thirty seconds, play slow motion
Leander Jack and Mr. Ii were almost to the rocky cliff.  Tiny raptors attacked.  Two leapt from the cliff, latching onto Mr. Iis shirt and two leap from a nearby fern, grabbing onto his pants.  They had vicious sharp teeth and a long claw on each foot and they clung to his clothes.  Three more went for Leander Jack.  Leander Jack screamed, kicking with his legs and waving his arms in the air.  Mr. Ii reached into his pocket, crushing something in his hand and exploding white powder into the air.  The raptors fell away from him, screeching angrily as the green in their eyes fades.  Then Mr. Ii pulled out the jingle toys.  He shook them.  Instantly he had every raptors attention, eyes watching the bright colored mice, following them.  Mr.  Ii threw the toys and the raptors leapt.
Stop, play real time
Leander Jack stopped screaming.  Mr. Ii tossed another white powder bomb in the midst of the raptors and they shrieked, choking on it, the last of them losing their green eyed glow.  They ran away.  They took the jingle toys with them.
What was that?! Leander Jack cried, clutching at the remains of his shredded shirt, his jeans split open below the knee and soaking up blood.  Mr. Ii said nothing, swiftly looking Leander Jack over with doctorly concern.  The cut on Leander Jacks leg hurt, but it wasnt bad.  Its no worse than a skinned knee he got once riding a bike.  Mr. Ii pulled out a bottle and a bandage, and before Leander Jack even knew what was happening, the cuts were cleaned and bandaged.
What did you throw at them, Leander Jack asked, still wanting to know what had happened.
Salt, Mr. Ii answered, A good cure for mind control, if you can get it in their mouth.  And cat toys.  Those were bambiraptors.  Theyre young, too.  Easily distracted.  And luckily not meant to kill us.  She must want prisoners alive.
Not meant to kill us?! Leander Jack asked, What was that then, with the claws and the teeth?
Not as bad as it could have been; were still alive.
Then Mr. Ii finished bandaging his own arm and walked on.  Leander Jack limped after him.  What else could he do?
Rewind two days
The raptors attacked.  Perdita shrieked when the large clawed creature dove into her feet first, knocking her to the ground.  Then she was silent, struggling to draw in air, completely winded.  The raptor sat on top of her, large claws digging almost gently into her shoulders.  It didnt slash or bite.  It waited, holding her in place.
Its eyes were a brilliant green.
Brilliant blue eyes flickered from the depths of the shadows.  It stared in her direction.  Then it made a hooting noise, and more dinosaurs approached.
Master is not going to be pleased to see you.
Then there was a nip from something tiny and purple and poisonous, and Captain Perdita felt the world waver around her.  The last thing she saw before the world went black was a giant mouth coming down to scoop her up.
They wouldnt kill her.  Yet.  They had been trying to catch her for too long to do that.  But this wasnt going to be pleasant.  Perdita really really hated playing the damsel in distress.  And Mr. Ii was definitely going to ground her, when she got back.
When she woke up again, she was exactly where she expected to be.  She was wrapped in chains, with at least ten locks, and a particularly tall and cruel woman was standing over her.  The womans hair was pinned up under a sharp diamond hat.  She had a swooping cape.  And her face held a permanent sneer, as though everyone in the world was less than she.  Beside her was the shadow, perched once more upon the ornithomimus, eyes flashing blue from the depths.
You are in my power, said the woman; And you will tell me where I may find the Jewels.
How should I know? Perdita answered, not the slightest bit afraid.  She fiddled with the chains, wondering how long it would take to pick all those locks.  A while, probably, even if she still had her lock pick.
Because you stole them! the woman screamed, eyes blazing.
I steal a lot of things.  Im a pirate.  Which jewels are these?
The Jewels!  You know the ones!  And you will tell me, or all you love will be destroyed before you!
Then the woman swept away.  The shadowed figure followed.  Perdita stuck her tongue out at their retreating backs.  Her stomach growled.  She did not get a lot of sleep that night.


Chapter 5
Hiking and Hitches

Fast forward one day
Leander Jack was having a brilliant and horrible day.  It was brilliant because he had travelled through time to the age of the dinosaurs.  It was horrible because he had travelled through time to the age of the dinosaurs.  Because on the one hand: dinosaurs!  But on the other hand: things with sharp claws, teeth, and occasionally horns were trying to kill him.  Not to mention the giant insects.  Or birds. 
The jungle went on and on and so did Mr. Ii.  Leander Jack followed, his eyes wide and his heart beating heavily in his chest.  This was partly because Mr. Ii had set a brisk pace and partly because Leander Jack was feeling a very primal instinct that screamed simply run every time he heard or saw something moving around him.  So far, he had jumped out of his skin at the sight of a dragonfly, and had nearly fallen over getting away from what turned out to be a squirrel-like creature the size of his fist.  Nothing attacked.  The day wore on and still they walked.
So Leander Jack said when Mr. Ii finally allowed them to take a small rest and drink some water he had stashed on him from a metal canteen, Exactly how far are we going?
As far as we need to, Mr. Ii answered.
right. Leander Jack drank some water.  It tasted tinny but oddly good, the way water only does when youre really properly thirsty.  His stomach growled.  No food miraculously appeared.  He looked around and tried not to scream when a frog gave a loud shriek from a nearby shallow pool.  More shrieks answered, followed by further hoots and hollers from something in the distance.  Then Leander Jack looked around again.  He didnt see any dinosaurs.  Not any bambiraptors, no, but nothing else either.  No feathered lizards or giant triceratops or random heavy plated plodders.
Hey, he said, Where are all the dinosaurs anyway?  Isnt this the age of the dinosaurs?
That is a very good question, Mr. Ii answered, beaming approvingly at him.  Then, instead of answering that very good question, he started walking again.  Leander Jack followed.  And then, just when he thought they were never ever going to stop walking, they came upon the ship.
This wasnt like the time ship.  It wasnt the sort of ship that looked comfortable resting on water.  Neither did it look comfortable resting on land.  It was the sort of ship that was more at home in a sea of stars, perhaps with laser fire dancing around it that inexplicably made zzew sounds through the vacuum of space.  It was the sort of ship that bored students might doodle in the margins of their notebooks instead of taking down notes on the Civil War.  Impossibly huge and shiny and sleek with excessive angular bits sticking out.  And it was humming, low and deep, the sort of sound you feel in your bones rather than hear with your ears.  
Is this how far we need to go? Leander Jack asked, staring up and up at the ship.  It looked large enough to fit an entire town and was settled into the earth, looking rather like a shiny, sleek cactus.
I do believe Perdita to be on this ship, yes, Mr. Ii answered.
And do we need to get on the ship without anyone knowing were here?
That would certainly be wise.  Come, time grows short.
And without warning, Mr. Ii suddenly started running with shocking speed and agility towards the ship.  Leander Jack followed.  The humming grew as they approached.  No, the sound grew all on its own accord, changing, growing deeper and louder until it felt like a solid weight against their skin, warming the soles of their feet.  The ship was growing.  No.  Rising.  It was rising, and part of it was underground.
They ran and the ship rose and they were going to be too late.  And then Mr. Ii reached the ship and he jumped and he grabbed a bit sticking out and Leander Jack had no time, no time to question, no time to think.  He just jumped, and grabbed.
It didnt feel like he expected it to.  It wasnt like metal, more like plastic.  It was soft and warm and vibrating gently.  The bit he held was shaped like a claw, whatever it was, and didnt really make much sense as a part of an interstellar vehicle.  It was also, suddenly, the only thing holding Leander Jack to the side of a swiftly rising ship.  A ship that at any moment seemed likely to shoot off into outer space.  Clinging to the outside did not seem like an ideal place to be when that moment should come.
Mr. Ii! Leander Jack screamed up towards where the man still clung to his own fin-like appendage sticking out from the ships side, What do we do?
Hold on tight! Mr. Ii answered.
And the ship took off.
It did not, as Leander Jack feared, take off for the stars.  It hummed, first deep and then suddenly high pitched and sharp and the plastic-like side seemed to go gong beneath them.  And then the prehistoric jungle was gone and so were they.
Coming back was heavy and horrible, and it was all Leander Jack could do to keep his grip.  In fact, if the ships side hadnt happened to have a very slight slant outwards that he could rest against, he might not have managed at all.
They came back and the jungle did not.  Nothing came back.  A very solid and real Nothing.  Not blackness.  Not emptiness.  A Nothing so thick with Nothing that it hurt his eyes.  He closed them, turning his face against the ship that was still solid and real and not Nothing.  And he held on tighter than he had ever held onto anything in his life.  Because he knew, just knew, that to fall here would be much much worse than falling to his death somewhere else.  At least death isnt Nothing.
The ship moved.  And the claw, the one he had his hands wrapped tightly around, moved too.
Leander Jack did not let go.  But somehow, the ships side moved out from under his hand and there was nothing between him and the vast Nothing around.
His hand held tight onto nothing.
But he didnt fall.
The Nothing was like a solid thing, and there was nothing to fall into.  He stayed pressed against the ship, gravity not touching him, while he tried to scream into a place that had no sound.
This went on for one timeless moment, and his hands scrambled to find something to grab once more while the various claw-like bits jutting out of the ship continued to vibrate and twitch.  Leander Jack looked up and could see Mr. Ii staring down at him, still holding his own ship bit which more resembled a fin than a claw and which wasnt moving at all.
Then all at once everything went thwip thwip GLUNK.  And reality slammed into place all at once.
The Nothing was filled with Everything, with wind and smell and sky and sound and his own voice screaming and the hum of the ship.
Now gravity decided to assert itself.
Leander Jack fell.
He slid, scrambling with his hands to grab something to save himself.  He fell and he screamed and then the ship was gone and there was nothing to grab.
He simply fell.


Chapter 6
The Star of Bokor

Rewind one hour ship time
Pirate captain Perdita was left in the dark.  Chained, hungry, far from home, and completely and utterly Alone.  Just the way she liked it.
She had been working on the chains for hours now.  Slowly, almost too slowly, the locks were clicking one by one.  She was playing with lock number seven when the door opened, blinding her in sudden and vicious light.
She wasnt alone anymore.  Alone would have been better.  Alone was safe.  The woman who filled the room with her presence was anything but safe.  She was pretty, in a made up sort of way, but too thin and sharp.  She was tall and wore a white dress.  She liked white.  She looked around the room Perdita sat in with cold distaste.  It was ugly and dirty and dark and everything her clean appearance wasnt.  Then, finally, she looked at the girl chained at its center.  She smiled coldly and she spoke.
Thief.
Pirate, Perdita corrected her, sounding annoyed.
Common thief, the woman hissed back, a small, cruel smile playing across her face.  Perdita didnt answer.  The woman knelt over her, hands propped up on her own knees as though she were addressing a toddler.  Little girl, she said, Little girl, alone.  You think youre big enough to face the big, bad world?
Thats the thing about the world, Perdita answered, Its bigger than you.
The woman continued to smile.  Then she raised her hand and brought it down across Perditas face.  
Perdita fell backwards with a startled cry of pain.  She looked up at the woman, her cheek red and her eyes bright.  She didnt cry like a child might, face squinched and wailing.  She didnt fight against the pain like an adult either, trying to pretend that it hadnt hurt.  She allowed tears, but she didnt give over to them.  She simply looked.  
The woman looked back, wiping her hand distastefully against her dress.  She was wary about blood.  The woman didnt mind causing pain, but she hated blood.  It was so messy and inelegant.  Then she spoke again, her voice almost kind if it werent for her words.
I was going to take over Atlantis, she said.  I was bored, you see, so I thought Id try ruling my own planet for a bit.  With my army of dinosaurs, and a spaceship that can time travel, well, I thought, why not?  Ill just go to before they develop energy weapons that can penetrate my shielding and it would be easy.  I could rename the planet after me.
Planet Aliss?  Now that is a crime.  The woman glared and raised her hand again, but thought better of it.  There was no point in risking blood.  Instead she smiled sweetly and continued.
But now, now that I have you?  Now that I have the one person who could tell me where my Jewels are?  I think a change of plans is in order.
Yes, right, so youve said.  You will threaten all I love.  I get it, thanks for the evil monologue.  Whats next, killing my mother?  Because if so, youre a bit late.  I dont have anyone to threaten.
Yes, so Ive noticed, the woman agreed.  Thats why Im done threatening you.  Why should I?  Why threaten, when I have the Star of Bokor?  And behind her, a shadowed figure rode up atop a small, bony plated dinosaur.  The dinosaurs eyes glowed green.  The shadows eyes glowed blue from the depths of the darkness.
Oh yes, Perdita said, looking at the figure, Your pet dinosaur herder.  Well, Im not a dinosaur.  I dont think your zombie power will work on me.
Did you think that was from the Star of Bokor? the woman asked with a chilling laugh.  No, no, dear me, no.  My dinosaur army follows the herder.  And the herder follows me.  Do you see the blue jewel around the herders throat?  Its difficult, I know, to see into the darkness.  I control the herder because he wears the star and I know the Words of Power.  And if you wear the Star, I will control you, too.  Then you will tell me everything.
For the first time since she had been captured, something like fear entered Perditas eyes.  The fear ran fleetingly across her expression before shrinking away and hiding in the corners of her eyes.  She stared into the shadowed figures blue eyes.  Then she glared at the woman, defiant.
You only have one Jewel, she said, And you need the dinosaur herder.  If you take it away, you wont have your dinosaur army.
That would be true, the woman agreed, if my last command to the dinosaur herder wasnt to tell the dinosaurs to obey my commands.  She smiled, sweetly.  Then she addressed the shadowed figure.  Sleep, now.  Sleep and do not awaken, no matter what.  Sleep, now.
And the shadowed figure tumbled forward, slumping over the bony back of its mount.  And the woman reached into the shadows, and she pulled free a necklace.  The inky blackness did not follow.  It stayed, cloaking the slumped figure in darkness, like a deep shadow across the dinosaurs back.
The necklace in the womans hand was very simple.  It was a chain that held a single jewel.  The jewel was beautiful.  It was a deep blue, and light shattered inside and sparkled and danced.  It was mesmerizing.  
Then the woman approached Perdita, holding the chain.  Perdita shrank back, but there was nowhere to go.  She was chained, alone, and lost.  She was well and truly caught.  The woman leaned over her and put the chain around Perditas neck.  The chain was short and the Star of Bokor rested heavily against her throat.  It felt warm.  But Perdita felt fine.  She wasnt a zombie.  She didnt want to do what anyone commanded.
Then the woman whispered three words into Perditas ear.
Now, said the woman, Tell me, where are my Jewels?
Perditas eyes glowed blue.  She had found the Star of Bokor, and she was its slave.  And she told the woman everything.


Chapter 7
Runaway

Leander Jack fell into the world, and it was big and hard and much, much closer than he was expecting.  From the moment he completely lost hold of the ship to the moment he met the ground he fell a total distance of seven feet and three inches through empty space.
Even so, all the breath left his body and refused to return.  For one horrible minute his lungs tried to remember how to work and his brain felt a bit loose inside his head and his bones were jarred and useless.  For that minute he was sure he was dying.
And then he breathed, gulping big breaths of air.  He wasnt dead.  He had fallen, but he wasnt lost to the Nothing and he wasnt being dropped from the heavens.  He was, in fact, alright.
Above him, Mr. Ii let go of the space craft and half slid, half surfed down the side of the ship.  He flipped off its side, rolled over the ground, and finished, impossibly, standing upon his feet.  Leander Jack stared up at him.  He had yet to even try and sit up, let alone stand.
Come, Oleander, Mr. Ii said, offering Leander Jack his hand, We must leave before we are detected.  We must find Captain Perdita.
Leander Jack took Mr. Iis hand and allowed himself to be pulled to his feet.  Then he looked around to find out where they were.
They were not in a Mesozoic jungle.  Nor were they in Sanger, Texas somewhere between Leander Jacks house and his school.  Of these two facts, Leander Jack was absolutely certain.  That left just about all the rest of time and space for them to be residing in.  At his first look around, he could see countryside.  There were trees and grass.  Nothing exotic and nothing to tell him when and where they were.  Finally, he looked at Mr. Ii.
Where are we?
Hmm Mr. Ii answered, looking first at the giant space ship that was still settling into the ground and then at the surrounding trees and fields.  From the landscape, the weather, and the small boys clothes, Id guess we are in England, probably the 1800s but its impossible to be sure.  The English like their traditions.
What? Leander Jack said, still looking around, What small boy?
The one hiding in that tree, and crying, Mr. Ii answered, pointing.
Im not crying! a young voice shouted back.  Then Leander Jack saw him at last.  The boy looked younger than Leander Jack, but only by a little bit, and he was dressed in the most dismal gray and green suit imaginable.  It was not at all the sort of suit one would want to climb trees in, but it was the perfect colors for blending into the trees.  The boy climbed down but he didnt approach them.  He just stared, first at them, then at the spaceship, and then towards them once more.
Whats going on? the boy demanded, Who are you?  Where did you come from?  His accent was English, just as Mr. Ii predicted.  What is that thing?
Oh said Leander Jack.  He wasnt sure what they were supposed to tell people.  Surely telling them about travelling in time and space was forbidden?  Surely that would mess up history?  Umwhats your name?
The boy considered this, still staring at Leander Jack.  My names Sherlock, he said at last.
Odd choice, considering you do not have blond hair, Mr. Ii said, Next time you make up a name, go with John.  Better to blend in, easy to remember.
Who are you? the boy demanded again.
Ermy names John, Leander Jack answered, and this isum
Mr. Ii.  We are travelers in time and space.  And that is a ship.  It belongs to a very evil woman called Aliss who has kidnapped my captain.  We should leave, now, before her dinosaurs find us here.
Leander Jack stared at him.  So did the boy.
Youre talking nonsense, the boy said at last, I dont understand a word.  But Mr. Ii was not looking at the boy anymore.  He was looking back at the spaceship.
So, where are we, exactly, Leander Jack asked quickly, Anderwhats the date?  He was almost certain Mr. Ii was not supposed to be explaining about time travel.  On the other hand, what were they meant to say when a giant space craft was still settling into the earth?
England, like he said, the boy answered, Hurst, Tuesday, April the seventh, in the year 1868 of our Lord.  I go to Stonyhurst Prep.   Its a horrid, hateful place.  Id like to run away, but my mother wants me to stick it out, like a brave adventurer, like in her stories.  School isnt an adventure, though.  The meals are horrid, and the classes are horrid, and they hit boys just for being boys.  The only nice thing about it is cricket, but they dont let you do that all day.  One day Im going to go on proper adventures, and write them all down.  But thisthis is a proper story Ive fallen into, isnt it?  Whats going on?  
I have told you, young Sherlock, Mr. Ii answered, My captain has been kidnapped by an evil woman.  She is in that ship.  We must rescue her, but first we must hide so that the evil woman does not find us.
She?  Your captain is a woman?  Captured by a woman?  How can a woman be a captain?
The same way a man can be.
But they dont have thethe physique for it!  Women dont do things like that!
Did you not say the year is 1868?  Does not a woman sit on the throne of England at this time?
Wellyes, of course.  But thats differentisnt it?  You talk strangely.  Are you from the Orient?  Do women do things there?  Ive never met an Oriental, before.  I thought they were darker.  Are they all as mad as you are?
Mr. Ii gave him a mildly reproving look.  That is very rude.  People are still people, no matter when or where they come from.  Or whether they are men or women.  Or something else entirely.  The boy looked confused.  Mr. Ii frowned at him.  You should apologize.
What for? the boy asked.
I dont think he means it, Leander Jack told Mr. Ii, Its the time period hes from.
His time period is a reason for ignorance, not rudeness.  And both ignorance and rudeness should always be pointed out; otherwise, how can it stop?  Mr. Ii said this all in a reasonable tone while he looked at the ship.  He was still frowning.
Sorry, said the boy, But I dont understand what youre talking about.
Theres no time to understand, Mr. Ii said, Run!
Mr. Ii ran.  Leander Jack and the boy didnt run; they turned and looked at the ship.  A portion was opening like a drawbridge being lowered across a moat.  The opening was cavernous, and beyond the opening door they could make out an army of veritable monsters.  Long necked giants, tyrannosaurids, and more.  Creatures with horns and spikes and feathers.  
Leander Jack and the boy saw this.  Then they turned around and they ran.
They ran through the trees and over a field and then there was a building in front of them.  The building was old and large and stone and it put Leander Jack in mind of a manor or castle.  It wasnt a manor or castle.  The boy who called himself Sherlock slowed down when the building came into view.
Come on, Leander Jack gasped out.  He didnt want the boy to be eaten by dinosaurs.  Ahead of them, Mr. Ii was already running through the open doors.  Behind them, the ground trembled.
They ran across a green stretch, then over stones, and then they burst through the door, finally stumbling to a halt.  They turned once more and looked behind.  There was nothing there.  The dinosaurs hadnt chased them.  Still the could feel the ground shudder as though something huge approached.  They were coming.  Mr. Ii shut the door.
Thisisthecollege, the boy gasped out, Werenot...allowed.
Never mind your school rules, Mr. Ii said, not sounding the slightest bit out of breath, We have bigger problems.  The dinosaurs are coming.  We must ready ourselves.  What sort of defenses does this building hold, Sherlock?
I dont know! the boy answered, I told you, I go to the prep down the road!   This is the college, for the older boys!  What do we do?
You can start by explaining yourselves, said a haughty voice behind them.  They turned.  An older teenaged boy was looking at them.  They stared back.
Before anyone could answer, there came a loud knocking sound on the outside door.  Someone wanted in.  The teen went to open it. 
No!
The teen hesitated, hand upon the door handle.  The cry had come from several voices at once, demanding that he listen by sheer volume and numbers.  Defiantly, the teen opened the door.
The door opened upon a cavern of teeth.  Then the cavern pulled away a bit and revealed itself to be the open mouth of a very large animal.  Its roar rolled through the air, thunderous, and deep, and, strangely, almost exactly like the opening chords to a rock concert.


Chapter 8
The Havarada

Rewind 210 million years, give or take a million
The Havarada came from space.  They slipped onto Earth in the shadows of the night and they crept and they observed and they watched.  They were aliens in an alien world and they were thrilled.
They found it less alien than they expected.  Of course the colors were different.  The sun was hotter.  The earth smelled strange.  The Havarada had to cloak themselves in shadows to shield against the harsh sun.  There were strange six legged creatures, and creatures that crawled between water and land, and things with scales. Yet the larger life forms were not so different from them.  They had two eyes, a mouth, a nose, four limbs.  They had ears.  Not always obvious, but the Havarada knew they must have ears because they had voices.  Beautiful, high, esoteric voices that thrilled and called and sang.
The Havarada fell in love with the music.  They fell in love with the dinosaurs.
And the explorers returned to Havar and they shared.  The music was played in the concert halls, primal and raw and beautiful.  So they sent the Herders to the Earth.  To guide and protect and nurture these creatures, these voices, until they grew up into massive orchestral herds.
Anyone who has ever listened to bird song at the break of day has some small inkling as to the song of the dinosaurs.  There is something primal and trilling about birdsong, something sharp and sweet and alien and raw.  It has been described before as beautiful.  It has also been described as an infernal racket, a din, and many less pleasant adjectives.  This is partly from a natural reaction to anything that insists upon screaming loudly very early in the morning when any sensible being would still be asleep, and partly because birdsong is not so much a concert as a competition.  Each single voice is trying to be heard over the other, loud and distinct.  
The Havarada had the dinosaurs in their care for one hundred and forty million years.  Their voices, by the end, were in tune. Bass or alto, tenor or soprano or beyond in the wide vocal range their many different throats allowed, they meshed together into one harmonious melody.  Which is not to say that the dinosaurs were completely tamed.  No more than a tiger who had been tagged but left to the wild could be called tamed.  For the most part, they ran free, and their voices rose and fell as they wished, and the music they created was like nothing any composer could ever dream.  But the Havarada Herders did develop a technique of control.  When a tyrannosaurid is bearing down on you, it does no good to tell it you like the sound of its roar.  
For the most part, the Herders gently guided, but when they needed something stronger, they could Speak and the dinosaurs would Listen.  It was a knack that took several million years to develop.  It was mostly not even necessary.  Just as the Havarada loved the dinosaurs, the dinosaurs came to love the Havarada.
Then Aliss came.
Fast forward 70 million years, give or take a million
Oleander Jack, Mr. Ii, a boy who most probably wasnt named Sherlock, and a well-dressed teen all stared through the door and down the throat of a monstrous, gaping mouth.
The mouth closed.  The head lowered.  Upon the head sat a girl.  The girl smiled, showing her own complete set of teeth, and her eyes glowed with a fierce blue light.  At her back was a shadow, just the slightest bit too deep and dark to be her own.  The shadow slept.
Hello, said the girl, still grinning fiercely, I am Perdita the Thief, Servant to the Grand Empress of the Cosmos Aliss.  I left a Jewel inside your building.  Will you kindly let me come in to retrieve it?
The teen stared.  It didnt seem that his brain was capable of accepting what reality was telling it.  He finally managed to speak.
Girls arent allowed in this school, he said.
Behind him, Mr. Ii was suddenly a blur of motion, throwing something in the direction of the girl and dinosaur.
It almost worked.  Salt exploded in a cloud that would have filled the Tyrannosauruss mouth if it had been open, and possibly the girls as well.  Their mouths were closed.  Perdita shrieked, and then the giant head pulled away from the door.  The ground shuddered.  Now that the doorway wasnt filled with dinosaur, they could see beyond.  There was an entire army waiting for them.
We tried to talk! Perdita shouted back at them, Now we will simply come in and take it!  Raptors streaked towards them, a blur of claws and teeth.
Almost gently, Mr. Ii reached past the stunned teen and shut the door.  There was a thud.  The door shuddered.  Then there was another thud.
Oh dear, said Mr. Ii, looking down at the teen, who had fainted.
What do we do now? Not-Sherlock asked.
Demons! screamed the teen from the floor.  We must tell the headmaster!  To arms!  To arms!  Since he failed to get up or make any move to put this plan into action, the others decided to ignore him.
What if we found that jewel she wanted? Leander Jack suggested, Do you think they would leave?
Perhaps, Mr. Ii agreed, But then a very evil woman would be in possession of both an army of zombie dinosaurs and a Jewel of great power.  Im not sure giving her more ammunition is quite the way to go.
Jewel of Power?  Whats that? Leander Jack demanded.
Is this some sort of magic? Not-Sherlock asked, Like fairy treasure?
I could not say, Mr. Ii answered.
Dont you know? asked Leander Jack, Youre her first mate or prisoner or whatever you call yourself!  Dont you know about whatever it was she hid here?
Im her prisoner, not her keeper, Mr. Ii explained calmly, but with something behind the calm, something sharp.  And I did not say I do not know; I said I could not say.  Then he bent down and suddenly grabbed the teen by his collar and hauled him up.  You, boy.  Take me to your leader.
Yes sir, the teen answered quickly.
And you two, Mr. Ii said, Oleander and Sherlock.  That wasnt a bad idea, finding the Jewel.  Get looking.  And watch out for the bambiraptors.  She will be sending in the smaller dinosaurs to find the Jewel herself.
Bambiraptors? two voices spoke together, one sounding confused and the other horrified.
Yes, they are a likely choice.  Theyre small enough to sneak in and dexterous enough to carry a Jewel.  Here, take some salt.  And some jingle balls.  The Jewel you are looking for should be a purple diamond the size of my fist.  It answers to music.  That is all I can say on the Jewel; youll have to find it on your own.  You play the violin, do you not, Oleander?  And then, before either boy could protest further, Mr. Ii marched down the hall with the teen and left Leander Jack and Not-Sherlock alone.  They stared after them.  Behind them, the door to the outside shuddered again.
Right, Not-Sherlock said, Lets go find that jewel.  Come on, James.
I said my name was John, Sherlock, Leander Jack answered as they started walking further into the school.
Terribly sorry, the boy answered, not sounding all that bothered, Im bad with names.  What do you think he meant about the music?
No idea, Leander Jack answered, And I left my violin in the future anyway.  You know the school, where would a giant purple diamond be hidden?
I told you, I go to the school down the road, Not-Sherlock insisted. Whats a bambiraptor?  It doesnt sound scary.
Somewhere in the shadows of the hallway, there was a gentle sound.  It sounded rather like claws scraping over stone.  Neither boy heard it as they continued walking further down the hall.


Chapter 9
Bambiraptors

The Grand Empress of the Cosmos Aliss, self-appointed and unacknowledged, had plans.  These plans mostly involved forcing the rest of the universe to acknowledge her title and follow her commands.  To convince an entire universe that you should rule it, one needs a lot of charisma, intelligence, and something very powerful to back you up.
Aliss had five Jewels.
Had being the key word.  She had found them herself, all through time and space, one by one.  The first four found their way into her hands, and then, almost as quickly, into the hands of Perdita.  Many, notably those who had been unjustly ruled by Aliss, called Perdita a hero.  She called herself a pirate.  Aliss called her a thief and a nuisance.
Now she called her a slave.  The Star of Bokor, the final Jewel to win back all the Jewels.  She would make the thief bring back each and every one, and then, if she was feeling compassionate, she could make the thief steal for her.  If she was not feeling compassionate, well, there were other uses that could be found.  The dinosaurs did have to be fed.
Now, the first Jewel was almost within her grasp. The Aoide Diamond.  With this Jewel, she could bring an entire army to its knees.  Now she watched and waited.  Perdita and the Herder approached, the Herder still sleeping soundly.  It would have been better if she could just kill the Herder, or lock him up and be done with him.  But the army was in tune with the Herder, not her, and not even under the power of the Star could Aliss find out how he controlled them.  The dinosaurs listened to her, but they did not like it.  It was better to have the Herder present, even asleep.
They lock the fortress against us, my Empress, Perdita announced.
As if any stronghold will be a match against my army.  They could have it leveled to the ground within minutes if I so commanded it!
And then the Jewel would be lost in the rubble, Perdita answered, sounding entirely too cheerful for someone who had been enslaved.
Which is why I told you to send in those tiny dinosaurs.  The ones with the claws and teeth.
Yes, my Empress.  I did tell them to go and fetch your Jewel.
And what did you tell them to do to your friends if they try to get in the way?
I have no friends but you, my Empress.
Yes, fine, but what did you tell them?
To attack, my Empress.
Good.
The Jewel would soon be hers once more.  And all the messy blood could be kept on someone elses claws, well out of sight.  She so did detest the sight of blood.
Inside the school, Leander Jack and Not-Sherlock rushed down school halls.  At first they had no idea where to go, except to get as far from the dinosaurs outside as possible and to avoid the older students.
Leander Jacks stomach growled.  He suspected he had missed lunch.  It was hard to tell with time travel, but it was beginning to feel like he might have missed dinner as well.  It wasnt the sort of thing one stopped to insist upon when looking for a purple diamond to stop an army of zombie dinosaurs.
Are you alright? Not-Sherlock asked, Youre looking rather pale.
Nothing, its fine, Leander Jack answered, though he was feeling a bit hollow.  Its just that I havent eaten all day.  Not-Sherlock frowned, slowing down his walk.  Something small skittered in a nearby classroom.  It sounded like a bird.  Neither boy noticed.
We dont know where this diamond could be hidden right? said Not-Sherlock, So why dont we go have a look for it in the kitchens?  After all, it could be anywhere!
Sherlock, youre a genius! Leander Jack agreed gratefully.  They started off again, this time in search of a kitchen.
It really should be you called Sherlock, Not-Sherlock remarked as they walked, It means fair-haired, and Ive never seen anyone with hair as white as yours.
Does it? Leander Jack asked, and laughed.  Every Sherlock Ive ever seen has had dark hair.
Have you met a lot of Sherlocks? Not-Sherlock asked, sounding surprised, I didnt think many had ever heard that name.
Oher Leander Jack answered, suddenly remembering where and when he was.  Sherlock Holmes must not have been written about yet.  From an old book.  A really old book.  Not-Sherlock was still staring at him.  Alright, its an old book to me but maybe it hasnt been written yet.  Mr. Ii did tell you we travelled through time.  I dont think Im supposed to tell you, either.
Do you know, I intend to write great adventure novels when I grow up.  I might use the name Sherlock myself.
Oh?  What were you thinking of for a last name? Leander Jack asked.
I dont know; I hadnt given it that much thought.  Did you hear something?
Nobut I smell something.  Do you smell food?
The smell wasnt overpowering or particularly nice.  It was the smell all cafeterias got of bargain mass produced and often unrecognizable foods.  To a boy who hadnt eaten for hours upon hours, it smelt like heaven.
Come on! he said, Letsersearch for that diamond!  He pushed open a door and looked through it.  There were tables, and plates and half-eaten food laid out.  Chairs had been pushed away, some knocked over.  Whoever had been eating here had left in a hurry.
They must have noticed the dinosaur army, Not-Sherlock suggested, Lets go search before they come back.
Leander Jack nodded and they slowly entered the room.  There was something strange and a bit scary about an empty dining hall where the diners have left halfway through the meal.  The boys ignored that feeling.  Even Not-Sherlock was beginning to feel the effects of missing a meal time.  They searched for the diamond in some apples and some chicken and something that looked like it had started its life as green beans but had devolved since then.  It was around when Not-Sherlock was suggesting they search for the diamond in the kitchen, and possibly pudding, that the sound came again.
It sounded like birds.  It looked like five tiny raptors leaping onto a table and moving with a blur of speed towards the boys.  The boys reacted by screaming and throwing the items in their hands at them.
As this happened to be some chicken and a dinner roll, throwing the items turned out to be highly effective.
The bambiraptors leapt at the thrown items on instinct, and then they stopped because they were holding food.  Three of them tore into the chicken.  One tried the roll.  The final dinosaur had somehow gotten into the green beans, decided they werent edible, and leapt at Not-Sherlock.  Its eyes were glowing a fierce green.
Not-Sherlock screamed as claws dug into his jacket and teeth ripped a suspender strap in two.  Leander Jack desperately grabbed the only bit of the dinosaur which didnt seem to be entirely made up of claws and teeth.  He grabbed its long tail and yanked.  And then suddenly he was holding a very angry dinosaur by the tail, a dinosaur that any minute was going to spin around and maul the hand holding it.  He did the only thing he could think of.  He spun it by its tail, around and around until he was almost too dizzy to stand but too scared to let go.
What do I do?!  What do I do?! he screamed, and Not-Sherlock screamed, and the other dinosaurs ate and watched and gave satisfied hoots to this unexpected dinner and show.
In the end, Leander Jacks fingers slipped.  The dinosaur soared in a graceful arc and landed right in the middle of a huge tureen of soup.  
And now four dinosaurs were staring at the two boys and one very wet and very angry dinosaur was struggling its way free of the soup.  There was something very important that was different about the dinosaurs.  Leander Jack was rather too panicked to notice.  He dug frantically into his pocket for the items Mr. Ii had given him.  He pulled a small brightly colored ball free.  The dinosaurs perked up, their dark eyes glued to the ball.  He moved it back and forth.  The heads followed.  He shook it.  It jingled.  Then he pulled back his arm and threw it as hard and as far as he could away from them.
It flew through the air, bounced, jingled, and rolled.  The dinosaurs stared after it.  Then, in a sudden eruption of movement, they all ran after the toy.
Leander Jack grabbed Not-Sherlocks hand and together they ran the other way.  It was only after they had run through a door and shut it behind them that Leander Jack figured out what was different.  The eyes had stopped glowing green.
They breathed.
What was that? Not-Sherlock demanded when five minutes had passed and nothing else had attacked them.
That was a bambiraptor, Leander Jack answered.  Come on, Sherlock, lets go find that diamond.
Diamond.  Right.  You know, my name isnt really Sherlock, James.
I told you my name is John.
Right.  Yes.  Well if you must know, Im really Arthur.
Nice to meet you, Arthur, Im Leander Jack.
Really?  That would make a great name for an adventure novel.
No it wouldnt.  So where do we go now?  Somewhere with music?
Anywhere that there arent those bambiraptor things.
Leander Jack nodded in agreement, but a rather unpleasant thought was slowly unfolding in his head.  Those dinosaurs were being sent to find the Jewel.  Perdita had hidden the Jewel, and therefore should know exactly where it was hidden in the school.  She would have told the bambiraptors where to go.  If they wanted to find the Jewel, the best thing they could do was try to find more dinosaurs.
He decided not to share that thought.  What were the odds of them finding the diamond anyway, in an entire school with only music as a clue to finding it?  Most likely, Mr. Ii would do something clever to save the day, Leander Jack would go home and take his history test, and Not-Sherlock, or rather, Arthur, would go back to his prep school down the road and one day maybe grow up to write novels.  That is what would happen.
Then, completely unexpectedly, they saw a flash of movement.  It didnt leap at them.  It ran down a corridor ahead of them.  Two more flashes followed.  They were more bambiraptors, and they were going somewhere.  The smart thing to do would be to stay well away from wherever they were going and let older and wiser people handle it.
Leander Jack surprised himself when he said, Lets follow them.
He waited in vain for Arthur to protest.  Somewhere ahead of them there was a scream.


Chapter 10
Besieged

Mr. Ii was not having a good day.  First he had lost his captain, then he had been mauled by bambiraptors and now he was being glared at by two older men in respectable clothes.  It did not help that his own clothing was still rather torn and ragged.
Demons! the teen at his side continued to babble, Monsters!  And a girl rides them!
Listen, Chinaman, said the older respectable looking man in a stern voice, I may be stepping down soon from my position as headmaster and rector of this school, but I will not be made a fool of.  Now, someone tell me what is going on here!
I am not from China, Mr. Ii answered patiently, And I find it rude that you make that assumption.  As for what is going on, please take a look out your window there.
Listen here! the man shouted, when his companion gave a very different shout.  He was staring out the window.
Joseph! the man cried, God in heaven, you must see this!  And the man crossed himself.  Reluctantly, the older man turned away from Mr. Ii and the gibbering teen to look out the window.
What is it, Charles? he asked, staring out the window at the dinosaurs amassed before the school.
Its like something straight out of Mantells Age of Reptiles! the younger man said, still staring open mouthed.  I think that Richard Owen chap called them dinosauriae.
Right, the older man said, turning sharply to stare at Mr. Ii, What is going on here?
As I told the young man here, Mr. Ii said, gesturing towards the teen, An evil woman has kidnapped my Captain and enslaved her along with an army of dinosaurs so that she might find a diamond that is hidden somewhere in your school.
I see.  He did not look, however, like he saw anything at all.  He was staring into space with a befuddled expression upon his face.
Perhaps we should call the boys together and set up some sort of defense, Johnson the younger man suggested.
Right, yes, Henry, of course.  What is this about a diamond hidden in the school?
Do not worry, Mr. Ii said, Ive put people on it.  I suspect it is hidden somewhere where music is played.  It will call to music.
Sirs! the teen shouted suddenly.  He was looking out the window with wide eyes.  Sirs!  I think they know how to climb!
That was all the warning they got before the bambiraptor broke through the glass.
Aaah! shouted the teen.
Demon! shouted the younger gentleman.  The older shouted nothing.  He grabbed up his cane and swung.  The bambiraptor flew back through the window with an enraged shriek.
Good form, Mr. Ii commented while the others stared on in shock.
I always was rather good at cricket, the man answered gleefully.  Come, Henry, we have to look after our boys.  YouerAsian-man?
You may call me Mr. Ii.
Right.  You said you had your people in my school, looking for this diamond?
Theyre kids, the teen said helpfully, From the prep school.
What? the younger man cried, You sent children against those monsters?!
Would you rather I sent them back outside to face the dinosaurs?  Theyll probably be fine.
Lets get our boys, Johnson, the younger man said, We can find these Prep boys while were after ours.
Somewhere down the halls, they heard a scream.  Everyone stood still for a moment and just listened.
Right, said the older gentleman after that moment of silence had passed, First things first.  Henry, you had better round up the boys.  And Mr. IiI think we need to find you a shirt.
Our school is under attack! the younger man answered in surprise, Is clothing really important at a time like this?
Decency is always important.  And dont forget to send some of the older prefects out after those two boys.  This is no time to have children wandering around the school halls.
Several corridors away and down a floor, those two boys were not wandering the halls.
Leander Jack and Arthur had found the music room.  What they did not find were the bambiraptors.  The room was empty, just like the dining hall, instruments strewn about the room and stands and chairs knocked over.
Im sure the screams came from here, Arthur said, Where do you think they all went?
To get away from the bambiraptors, I think, Leander Jack answered, still looking around cautiously for glowing eyes and sudden movements.  There was nothing.  The room was still.  Slowly, cautiously, the boys walked into the room.
Didnt the Chinaman say something about using music to find the Diamond? Arthur asked.  He bent over a cello that had been left leaning against a chair and plucked at a string.  It twanged, rich and deep.  Nothing else happened.
Dont call him a Chinaman, Leander Jack answered, Hes not even from China.  He said hes from Korea.  And his name is Mr. Ii.
Wheres Korea? Arthur asked, now looking down at a red mark on the floor and trying to decide whether or not it was blood.  Somewhere nearby a propped up instrument shifted with a resounding thunk and both boys jumped, spinning to see the danger.  Still there was nothing.  Leander Jack conveniently forgot to answer Arthurs question, which he didnt really know the answer to beyond in Asia somewhere.
They heard more screams, somewhere beyond the room ahead of them.
Should we go on? Leander Jack asked.
The clue was to do with music, Arthur answered, He said you could play the violin.  Well, heres a violin.  Why dont you try playing it?
I cant reallyIve only just started to learn, Leander Jack answered, but he took the violin anyway.  Any plan had to be better than chasing after screams.  Even playing music, silly though he felt.  Arthur was watching him, waiting for symphonies and the like to sweep through the room and echo down the hall.  What he was probably not waiting for was what Leander Jack eventually settled upon playing.
Music did fill the hall.  It was squeaky at first while Leander Jack got comfortable with the instrument.  Luckily, it was already in tune.  What came forth was a bit scratchy, a bit weak, and very much identifiable as the tune Three Blind Mice.
He played through it once, and then again.  The second time was less squeaky and thin.  It got louder, the notes more ringing and natural.  It was still unmistakably a childrens nursery song and not anything like Mozart or Bach.
Oh, said Arthur when he finished, Is that all you know how to play?
I can also do Frere Jacques and Hot Cross Buns, Leander Jack answered, And we were doing a harder piece but I dont have the sheet music for it.  I did tell you I only just started to learn.
Heres some sheet music, Arthur suggested, grabbing some paper off the floor.  Leander Jack stared at it.  The page was filled with complicated fingerings and notes that soared up higher than he thought possible.
No way, Leander Jack answered, Find something for beginners or were stuck with what I know.
Well fine, Arthur agreed, Justjust keep playing.  Maybe the Diamond will present itself.  Ill look.
So with a sigh, Leander Jack lifted his borrowed violin once more and dove into Hot Cross Buns.  While he played his three simple songs, and occasionally a scale just to change things up, Arthur wandered about the room.  He looked into instrument cases and occasionally inside instruments.  He plucked at strings, attempt and failed to play a flute, picked through music sheets, and looked anywhere and everywhere he could think to look.
He saw nothing like a diamond but he had just found a folder of sheet music that he thought looked somewhat simple when the dinosaurs came.  They werent bambiraptors.  They were far too large for that.



Chapter 11
Three Blind Mice

Rewind 44 years and one month to May 7, 1824 CE
In the city of Vienna, an orchestra is playing.  This is not unusual.  Vienna in 1824 is known as a city for great music.  On the stage, two men stand with their backs to an enormous crowd.  This is unusual.  Not many orchestras have two people to direct them in their music.  As the two men raise and sweep their hands, music assaults the world in furious, passionate triumph.  Voices rise, bows sweep up clouds of rosin, and hearts exalt.  It is the very first time this music has stormed the ears of an audience, and when it draws to an end they roar as one with applause.  One director turns to face them.  The other director does not.  
This man with his back to the audience, this man still lost in the music, cannot hear the cheering crowd.  The director standing next to him places a hand on his arm and turns him to see the theater crowds love of his music.  The audience cheers and cheers and cheers.  Ludwig von Beethovens ninth symphony is a big hit.  He stands upon the stage of its first ever performance and never heard a note.
One hundred and ninety years later people will still be playing his music.  One small part of his ninth symphony will be included in Leander Jacks music class.  The sheet music to this piece is inside his violin case.  His violin case is lying on the ground where he dropped it.  Leander Jack remembers that it is called Ode to Joy but he does not remember the notes.
Fast forward 44 years and one month to 1868 CE
Leander Jack played Three Blind Mice.  Arthur stared at the large creatures entering the room.  His hands clutched sheet music tightly.  The three dinosaurs stared back.  Their eyes were green and alien and hostile.
Two looked very much like an enlarged sort of bambiraptor.  They had claws arching out of their feet and feathers down their backs.  They had large eyes and they stared and stared.  There was intelligence in those eyes.  Their teeth looked very sharp.  Twelve years before, a man named Joseph Leidy found a single tooth and decided the animal it belonged to should be called Troodon.  The word troodon is Greek for wounding teeth.  He thought it belonged to a lizard.  It was definitely not a lizard standing in the room. Arthur didnt know their name, but in his mind he thought something like Swift Death.  
The third was not a troodon or a raptor of any sort.  If Arthur had to give it a name, it might have been Heavy Death.  More than anything else, the dinosaur resembled a rock.  Its back was bony, its head was bony, and its tail ended in a round club.  As Arthur watched, it raised its tail.  It brought it down.
BOOM
The ground trembled.  The walls shook.  Leander Jack stopped playing and spun around.  Arthur screamed.  Again the tail thumped.  BOOM!  BOOM!  BOOM!  And the troodonsthe troodons did not attack.  They sang.
The ankylosaurid slammed its tail like the beat of a drum and the troodons crooned.  The tune was melodic, thrilling, and familiar.  They were singing Three Blind Mice.
Leander Jack and Arthur backed away.  There was another door out of the music room.  Before either boy could begin to even think about making a move for it, both troodons sped into the room.  They were swift and agile and in the blink of an eye they had circled the boys, running along the walls.  They were still singing.  And then they stopped.
There was silence.  The dinosaurs looked at the boys.  Sharp claws clicked against the stone.
Keep playing the violin, Arthur suggested, I think they like music.  They didnt move until you stopped playing.
Right, Leander Jack answered.  Cautiously, he brought the violin back under his chin.  He lifted the bow.  The troodons tilted their heads.  They still didnt attack.  The violin felt warm beneath his fingers, vibrating with unplayed music.  His hands trembled.  It should have sounded horrible when he brought the bow across the strings.  It should have screeched under his nervous hands.  The notes should have been sour.
The music soared.  The three blind mice had never run so well.  The violin sang.  The ankylosaurid beat like a metronome, keeping time.  The Troodons voices danced around his tune, raising it, playing with it.  And then they stopped.  They turned away from the boys and faced the wall.  The chirped something towards their dinosaur companion.  It stopped beating its tail.
Come on, Arthur hissed, tugging at Leander Jacks shirt, Keep playing and well go for the door.
Leander Jack played.  The dinosaurs ignored him.  The ankylosaurid trundled into the room, knocking over chairs and destroying everything it stepped on.  Arthur pulled Leander Jack backwards, towards the door.  The troodons hooted.
Suddenly, the ankylosaurid swung its tail.  It swung in a wide arch.
BOOM
It hit the wall.  The stone trembled.  Both boys stumbled.  Leander Jack stopped playing.  Suddenly, one of the troodons leapt a smashed chair and was right there, a storm of claws and teeth and chilling death.  It growled, deep in its throat.
Im playing, Im playing! Leander Jack exclaimed, panicking, and he ran the bow over the strings in violent discord.  The troodon jerked away from him, shaking its head.
Sorry! Leander Jack said, and he played once more.  Music filled the room.
BOOM.  The tail swung into the wall again.  BOOM.  BOOM.  BOOM.
CRASH.
The stone crumbled beneath the violent beat.  Something gleamed from behind the stones with a rich purple light.  One of the troodons gently reached its hand down and picked something up.  That something sparkled.
Then Arthur and Leander Jack reached the door.  Arthur pulled Leander Jack through and slammed the door shut.
Several corridors and one floor away, Mr. Ii was putting on another mans clothes.  He was also talking.
We need salt, he said, The dinosaurs are controlled by the dinosaur herder, and the herder is controlled by the evil woman.  Salt breaks that control.
And this will defeat those demons? the headmaster asked.
No.  This will free them to act upon their natural instincts.  Unfortunately, their natural instincts are to attack or to stampede.  But they will no longer be focused solely upon killing us.  How do you fasten this?  He was holding out two straps in confusion, twisting them about.  The headmaster, who had turned his back to Mr. Ii while he dressed, turned back around.
Havent you ever worn suspenders before? he asked, And do you happen to know a way to defeat those beasts that wont end in the destruction of this school?
Im afraid this mode of dress is not a familiar one.  And if we could awaken the herder, the herder could guide the dinosaurs back to the ship.
Well then how do we awakenI say, good man, youre back to front!  Here; this strap goes here and this goes here and neither go around your neck!
Thank you, headmaster Johnson.
Having sorted Mr. Iis clothes, they went to meet with the rest of the school.
They had a plan.  It was not a good plan.  They were probably all going to die.  Mr. Ii decided not to share that part of the plan.  He just hoped that Leander Jack and the other boy had actually managed to find the Aoide Diamond.  Otherwise they were almost definitely all going to die.


Chapter 12
Coming Storm

They have the diamond! Leander Jack exclaimed, They have it!  What do we do?
There was a loud thump on the other side of the door and then a growl.
I think we should run, Arthur answered.  Because that door isnt going to stop them.  They just broke through a stone wall.
Good point, said Leander Jack.  They ran.
Outside the school, an army of dinosaurs stood ready in anticipation of the battle to come.  Aliss looked over her army and she smiled.  It was nice to see an entire army that was hers to command.  Nice, but not perfect.  It was too small.  One day, she would hold an entire universe under her thrall.  Still, an army of zombie dinosaurs would do for now.
Do you see anything? she demanded of her smaller companion.  Perdita was perched high up an apatosauruss neck, her keen eyes trained upon the school.
I see many things, my Empress, Perdita answered, turning her glowing blue eyes to look down at her.  Alisss perch was much less precarious.  She had a proper dais on the apatosauruss back, much like the sort sometimes placed upon the backs of elephants, but much bigger.  It was like having a tree house in a tree that could walk.  Aliss stood upon the edge of the platform and glared up at her slave.
You know what I mean! she shouted up at her, Do you see the Jewel?
No, my Empress, Perdita answered cheerfully, turning her eyes back upon the school, I see a school, and some trees, and a tyrannosaurus, and a ceratops, and two troodons running towards us, and some grass, and a euplo
Shut up!  Just tell me when you see the diamond!
As you like, my Empress.
So as it was, Perdita said nothing when one of the troodon scrambled up the tail of the very nervous apatosaurus.  In fact, the first Aliss knew of it was when the dinosaur leapt over her head and landed upon the dais, its claws tearing into the wood to keep it from tumbling over the railing.
EEEE! Aliss screamed, her white feathered fan coming in front of her face like a shield.  The dinosaur tilted its head, making a soft hmming noise of approval at the high note she reached.  Aliss composed herself, then batted the dinosaur on the nose with her fan just as it was opening its mouth.
Dont scare me like that! Aliss scolded it, What are you doing up here!  Get down and go back to the rest of the army!
Still controlled by the herders command to obey this womans words, the troodon did as it was told.  It leapt back over her head, getting another startled EEE! and ran back down the way it had come.  
Nasty creatures! Aliss said after it had gone away, I should have fed it to the tyrannosaurus.  Then she kicked the shadowed figure sleeping near her feet, just because she could.  Where is my Jewel?  Do you see it yet, Thief?
I do not see the Jewel, my Empress, Perdita answered.  What she did not say was that she saw the doors to the school opening, and a small army of boys spilling out of it.  She did not say that they were holding bags and boxes.  She did not say that she saw her first prisoner Mr. Ii among them, or Leander Jack, or a very small school boy standing among the teenagers.  After all, school boys are not a Jewel of Power.
Unfortunately, she did not have to say anything.  Aliss saw them perfectly well for herself.
What are they doing? she asked.  Perdita opened her mouth to answer.  Never mind, Aliss said quickly, before Perdita could describe everything she saw again.  If they are coming to meet us, we shall go and meet them.  And if they have my Diamond, then we shall take it!  Go, Thief, ride forth and meet them.  The time of war is at hand!
And Aliss smiled.  It was a cruel smile.
Yes, my Empress, said Perdita.  She slid down the neck of the apatosaurus.  Then she stepped lightly onto the railing of the dais and jumped.  She landed on the back of the tyrannosaurus.
Standing in front of the school with Arthur and Mr. Ii and a bunch of teenagers, Leander Jack knew they were going to die.  He was going to be eaten by a dinosaur some hundred years or so before he was going to be born and many million years after that dinosaur was supposed to go extinct.  It wasnt fair.  Leander Jack began to hate time travel.
Before them the army of zombie dinosaurs loomed.  Creatures with feathers and scales and claws and teeth and horns and spikes and bony ridges and piercing green glowing eyes.  They had a few hands full of salt, some jingle toys, and an army of school boys.
They were going to die.
Pirate Perdita rode on the fearsome head of a Tyrannosaurus, the Star of Bokor shining blue from her throat and fire in her eyes.  Around her ran tiny and agile dinosaurs.  They looked like birds if you only gave them a quick glance.  Like exotic purple and green feathered chickens or ostriches.  Their growls and hoots and roars filled the air, not together or in concert but with hints of potential, like an orchestra tuning up to play.
And in the rear, carried upon a pillowed chair upon the back of a truly gigantic Apatosaurus, was Aliss.  If Perdita was fire, then Aliss was ice.  Her dress was white and her eyes were cold and gleeful and she was holding a feathered white fan.  Leander Jack looked at her cold eyes, and then at the pirate girl they were meant to be rescuing, and then at the army of dinosaurs.
They were definitely going to die.
Were going to die, Leander Jack said out loud.
Yes, most probably, Mr. Ii agreed.  He sounded a bit distracted.  He was looking at Perdita and frowning.
Then there was a pause.  Like the ocean rolling away before the coming of a wave.  Like the silence in between the lightning and the thunder.  Like the flutter of feathers as the birds awake, just before the dawn erupts into that primal song.  There was a pause and a silence.  Claws clicked against stone, breath hissed through giant lungs.  A woman in white stared on coldly, school children huddled in fear, and one man had his eyes upon a single child.  His eyes looked pained.
Perdita had raised her arm before the stillness, before the pause, before the silence.  Her eyes were glowing and showed no mercy.  She was ready to send down death upon them all at the command of her master.  There was no other way for the story to play out.  She was a zombie slave, the dinosaurs were in the command of an evil woman, and they were fighting against children.  They would kill Leander Jack and Mr. Ii.  And Perdita was smiling with her full toothed smile, ready to watch the carnage.
They were all going to die.  That was all that could happen.
And then, in the stillness and the silence and the pause, Perdita dropped her arm.  Not as a signal.  She simply crumbled, her hand going to her mouth, her shining blue eyes squeezed shut.
There was another pause.  A shorter pause.  And then Perdita sat up tall and straight once more.  And she smiled.  Her smile was fierce and joyous and alive.  It was also, rather noticeably, missing a tooth.


Chapter 13
The Battle

What are you waiting for?! the Empress Aliss screamed across the field of battle, Demand the Jewel!
The tyrannosaurs carried Perdita forward until it stood directly in front of Mr. Ii and the headmaster of the school.  Teenaged boys backed away behind them.  Leander Jack held his violin in front of his face just in case it could protect him.  Arthur hid behind Leander Jack.
Well? said Perdita to Mr. Ii, And did you find the Aoide Diamond?
You are grounded, young lady, just as soon as we get back to the ship, Mr. Ii answered sternly.  Perdita only laughed.
Ill take that as a no, she said.  Then the dinosaur crouched down lower and Perdita leaned in closer.  Dont worry, she said in almost a whisper, Aliss doesnt have it either.  And she winked.
Her eyes glowed with excitement and joy.  What they did not glow with was the bright blue of the Jewel hung around her neck.  They were a fierce and dangerous gray.
Then the dinosaur she rode stood up tall once again.  Perdita reached back around her neck and she unhooked the chain.  Soon she held the Star of Bokor in her hands.  
What? said Leander Jack, I thought that thing controlled her?
What? said Mr. Ii, staring in shock, How?
What? screamed Aliss across the field.
I did tell you I was going to steal the Star of Bokor, Perdita said, still grinning fiercely.  Then she made a face and spit something small and white onto the grass.  Does anyone have some water? she asked, Salt tastes disgusting.
And then, while everyone else was still staring in utter confusion, Mr. Ii too began to laugh.
Rewind two and a half days in Perditas personal timeline
Im going to steal the Star of Bokor.
Mr. Ii took her to her room and locked the door.  Alone in her own room, Perdita prepared.  There were two things that were known about the Star of Bokor.  The first was that it was activated by a simple Word of Power.  Perdita does not know this word.  Its a difficult sort of word to learn.  Most people who learn it are the ones having it whispered in their ear, just before they become a slave to the jewel.
The second was that its power was destroyed by salt.  The salt had to be eaten.
Perdita had lost a tooth two days before.  This is not unusual.  Many children her age lose their teeth.  Most children are told to put it under their pillow so that the tooth fairy can come and take it and leave some money in its place.  Perdita does not care about money.
She drilled a hole into her tooth and filled it up with salt.  Then she sealed the hole with a white sort of paste.
She glued it back in her mouth with the same paste.  Then she smiled with her full set of teeth.
A few hours later, she was captured by the shadow herder.   She was taken to the ship and left to herself.  She unlocked her chains.  Then she locked them again.
Aliss came at last.  She placed the Star of Bokor around Perditas throat.  Then she leant in and whispered three Words.
Perdita listened.
Two and a half days after she said she was going to steal the Star of Bokor, the paste on her tooth dissolved.  Her mouth filled with salt.  The power of the Jewel broke.
Present time
No one offered Perdita water.
Aliss screamed with rage.  The Thief had stolen her Jewel once again! And she still didnt have the Aoide Diamond!
Thief!!!! screamed Aliss.
No! Perdita answered, Pirate!
Dinosaurs! Aliss screamed then, Dinosaurs attack!  Destroy them all!  Eat them!  Kill them!  Tear down the school and crush it into rubble!
She still had the sleeping Herder.  She still had her dinosaur army.
And the dinosaurs listened.  There was a rumble, the ground trembled, and the dinosaurs moved.
The raptors leapt upon the boys and the long horns and spikes impaled them and the heavy clubbed tails crushed them and the stones broke and blood soaked into the ground and they all died.
At least, thats what Aliss supposed must be happening.  She so detested the sight of blood and carnage that she hid her eyes behind her white fan and only listened to the sounds of roars and screams.
They should have all been dead.  Many of the dinosaurs were swift and had deadly claws and teeth designed for killing slow prey like humans.  They wanted to kill and they had been commanded to kill and the Dinosaur Herder had told them to obey.  But they didnt really like Aliss.  She did not respect the Herder and she did not respect them.  
The thing about the Havarada is that the Dinosaur Herders can Speak and the dinosaurs will Listen, but that is not really the same thing as Doing.  It isnt exactly like the Star of Bokor.  Someone who is wearing the Star of Bokor would kill their friends and family, if so commanded.  They would jump off a cliff.  If a Herder told a dinosaur to jump off a cliff, the dinosaur would probably look at the cliff and then set about finding a way down that didnt involve dying.
And it had been a long time since the Herder last Spoke.  Now the Herder slept deeply.  The dinosaurs eyes still glowed.  They still obeyed.  They did not obey quickly.
Raptors walked.  Larger dinosaurs lurched.  A smaller ceratops, about the size of a large dog, cautiously walked up to one of the boys and tried to eat his shirt.
The bambiraptors did not walk and they did not lurch.  The loved these new commands.  They ran swiftly and excitedly, and would have leapt upon the crowd if half a dozen jingle balls and jingle mice hadnt been thrown up into the air.
Each toy tasted like salt.
Now! Mr. Ii shouted against the advancing army, and the boys began to fulfill their own plans for this battle.  They had salted meat and salted greens and balls of salt.  They had guns filled with salt pellets.  They had a catapult. 
They fired upon the advancing army.
What erupted was utter chaos.
Perdita! Mr. Ii screamed up at her as dinosaurs ran this way and that, trampling trees and plants and nearly each other.  Some still wanted to attack.  Some had lost their will to obey.  Most were now very very thirsty.  Perdita still sat upon her tyrannosaur.  Its eyes were no longer glowing.  It towered over the other dinosaurs, a soft rumble in its chest.  It was watching and waiting to decide what to do.
It decided that what it really wanted to do was to eat the small creature climbing about on its back.
Perdita! Mr. Ii screamed again, while trying to fend off an overly playful de-zombified bambiraptor, We need the Herder!
Were all going to die! Leander Jack yelled while batting his violin at the small green and brown feathered creature trying to eat his pants.
Idiot! Perdita answered, Play already; play something big and loud, or you really will get eaten!
The tyrannosaurus roared and twisted, trying to get at the girl.  Perdita scrambled up its neck, up onto its head.  Then she swung down, holding onto its nose, and leapt directly into its mouth.


Chapter 14
The Aoide Diamond

The battlefield was chaos.  Monstrous creatures from the dawn of time were running wild.  Raptors attacked their gentler herbivorous companions.  Those gentler dinosaurs swung spiked and clubbed tails, stomped heavy feet, and charged at others with vicious and long horns.  Some dinosaurs were trying to stampede and not finding the room.  Some were attacking the boys or the school or each other.  Some were ignoring the chaos at their feet and turning massive heads about to find a source of water.
Boys were screaming and firing salt pellets and running.  Teachers were trying to keep control and keep everyone alive.  Arthur was still hiding behind Leander Jack and Leander Jack was holding his violin by the neck.
Mr. Ii stood very still and stared at the tyrannosaurus into which Perdita had disappeared.
And two very hungry looking troodon were stalking them.  They moved in the slow creeping motion of a predator getting ready to spring.  Mr. Ii did not see them.  He was not doing anything but staring at the tyrannosaur.  Arthur did see them.  Just as before, the name that came to his mind was swift death.  And just as before, he knew they had to do something before death fell.
Play! he screamed at Leander Jack, Play now!
Leander Jack lifted his violin and his bow and he screeched out the opening verse to Three Blind Mice.
What are you doing, lad, trying to deafen the beasts with your sawing? the headmaster demanded.  The troodon were shaking their heads as though in pain.  Their eyes were now fixed steadily upon Leander Jack and his violin.  They were going to kill him.  Leander Jack knew it.  He was about to die because he didnt practice harder on his violin and couldnt play a proper song.
Here! Arthur shouted, Here, play this!  He pulled some sheet music out of his pocket.  Then he did perhaps the bravest thing he had ever done in his life.  He turned his back upon the dinosaurs, stepped in front of Leander Jack, and held up the music.  Just play!  His voice shook.  His hands shook.  There were tears in his eyes as he waited for death.  But he did not move and he did not drop the music.
Leander Jack took a deep breath.  He did not look at the rampaging dinosaurs.  He did not listen to the screams or to the shrieks or to the roars.  He did not look at the tyrannosaurus who had eaten the very girl they had come all this way to rescue.  He did not look at the troodons stalking closer and closer, at the way their muscles bunched, preparing for the spring.
The troodon opened their mouths in a snarl.  One mouth glinted purple.  Leander Jack drew his bow across the strings.
A lot of things could have happened then.  The troodon could have leapt upon the boys.  The gun the headmaster was holding could have shot one of the troodon in the eye.  The violin could have smashed into a million pieces as Leander Jack was ripped apart in the monsters claws.  Mr. Ii could have been mowed down by a charging ceratops without ever taking his eyes off the tyrannosaur or seeing what was going to happen next.
That is what should have happened.  That is what would have happened.  Except that the troodon opened their mouths and Leander Jack played a single note.
The thing about dinosaurs is, that unlike humans, they dont have opposable thumbs.  This means its very hard for them to carry things in their hands.  They also dont have pockets.  So, when a dinosaur is told to go and get a Jewel and bring it back, there is really only one way for them to carry it: in their mouth.
The Aoide Diamond.  A Jewel of Power.  Where the Star of Bokor allowed Aliss to enslave a single person, the Aoide Diamond had a rather different power.  It took words and sound and music and stories and whatever else someone wanted, and it demanded that everyone Listen.  It gave your voice wings.  It gave your music life.  It gave your story strength.
You didnt have to do what the speaker says.  But if you Listened long enough, youd probably want to.  In Alisss hands, she could have controlled the universe with that Jewel.  In the jaw of a troodon, it was enough to save a school.
Leander Jack played a single note, and the Jewel picked it up, and the world stopped to Listen.
Before that moment, Leander Jack was a mediocre violin player, at best.  The kindest thing one could say was that he was ok for a beginner.  He usually got the notes right and mostly in tune.  His tempo stayed more or less on beat.  He could read very simple sheet music.
At that moment, caught in the light of the Aoide Diamond, Leander Jack played a single note, frowned, and reached up to the pegs holding the strings.  His violin was out of tune.  He tuned it by ear.  The army of dinosaurs listened.  The army of boys listened.
A sound hummed across the field, low and high and soft.  Voices as deep as the ocean, or high and thrilling, and all in between were humming.  The dinosaurs were tuning their voices to his strings.
And then Leander Jack looked at Arthurs sheet music.  Once again he raised his bow.  The world settled into a deep, listening silence.  Leander Jack played.
The Ode to Joy is one of the greatest pieces ever written.  It is happy and joyous.  It is loud and defiant.  It is fierce and demanding and triumphant.  Leander Jack played the music like an expert at the violin.  He played it with passion and with skill, without missing a note, without sliding out of tune.  The music swept across the field and it resonated against the stones of the school and it entered every ear, every heart, every soul and lifted them high.
Aliss lowered her fan, the music hammering at her ears.  She felt brave, and strong and horrid.  She could feel her triumph being stolen away by the music.
Mr. Ii felt as though his heart were on fire, like he could tear the world asunder.
What the dinosaurs felt was nearly impossible to say.  But they stopped killing and running and stampeding and fighting.  They stood stock still.  And they Listened.
Leander Jack finished his greatest performance ever.  And then there was silence.  And then the dinosaurs were shifting their feet.
Er, whispered Leander Jack, Should I play it again?
And then the tyrannosaurus opened its mouth.  And Perdita climbed out, grabbed its nose, and pulled herself up onto its head.  Around one of its massive great teeth, hanging from a chain, was the Star of Bokor.  The dinosaurs eyes glowed blue.  Mr. Ii fell over in a dead faint.
No! screamed Aliss, Troodon!  Bring the Diamond to me!
And though most all the dinosaurs in the battle had tasted salt, the troodon holding the diamond still had glowing green eyes.  The very jewel that saved them had stopped him from eating anything else.  The troodon heard.  And it turned and began to walk towards Aliss.  Not with the swift legs of its kind but the slow relentless march of a zombie.  Nothing would stop it and Aliss would have her Jewel.
Come on! Perdita shouted, reaching her hand down towards Leander Jack, We have to awaken the Havaradi Herder!  We have to get the Jewel!  Come on!
Leander Jack stared up at the hand.  Perdita was quite short and the tyrannosaurus was quite large.  There was no way Leander Jack was going to reach that hand.
Here, Mr. Ii said, standing up from his faint.  He offered his hands as a boost.
Leander Jack looked at the hands and thought, Im about to climb onto the back of a tyrannosaurus rex.  Anything is possible.  And he stepped on Mr. Iis hands and the tyrannosaurus kneeled and Leander Jack jumped.  His hand still didnt go high enough to reach Perditas outstretched fingers.  The bow he was holding up towards her did.
She hooked her fingers between the horsehairs and the wood, and against all odds of physics which insisted his heavy weight should have dragged the light girl down, he instead swung about and found himself with a handful of dinosaur feathers.
You know, I always thought dinosaurs were all scales, he remarked.
Idiot, Perdita answered.
Catch! Arthur called from the ground.  He tossed up the violin.  Leander Jack reached for it.  He missed.  The violin sailed away, to be smashed to bits.  Or would have if a bambiraptor hadnt leapt for it.  With an excited growl the bambiraptor leapt for the flying instrument.  With deadly aim it grabbed the violin by its neck, snapped one of its strings, and tumbled into the side of the tyrannosaur.  
Leander Jack grabbed the bambiraptor.  Then he realized hed just grabbed a bambiraptor, screamed, and dropped it.
Perdita grabbed the violin.  The bambiraptor tumbled away.
The troodon was almost to Aliss.
Faster! Aliss screamed at it.  It moved faster.  Slightly.
Go! Perdita yelled at the tyrannosaurs, Go to the Havaradi Herder!
The tyrannosaurus listened to its master.  It turned and it ran.
Around them, chaos was resuming.  Massive feet were shifting.  Predators were crouching, ready to spring.  The schoolboys and the teachers were easy prey.  They were out of ammo.  They were surrounded.
The troodon reached the apatosaurus.  It started up the dinosaurs tail.  The apatosaurus did not like this, but its head was too high up for anyone to have shot salt at it.  It did not like it, but it still listened to Aliss.  The troodon opened its mouth before Aliss.  The Aoide Diamond shone purple within it.
Cautiously, Aliss reached her hand into the monsters mouth.
The troodon was slow.  The tyrannosaur was fast.  It lurched.  Leander Jack screamed, trying to hold onto it and to his bow.  He didnt know how Perdita managed to hold onto the violin.  It bounded across the battlefield, right up to the dais, and as Alisss hand clasped the Diamond, Perdita leapt from its back, straight into Aliss.  The diamond tumbled from her fingers, away from Perdita.  It hit Leander Jacks foot as he cautiously moved from the dinosaurs back to the dais and tried not to look down.
Troodon! Aliss screamed, Kill them!  Kill them all!  The Troodon crouched.  It hesitated.  The deep shadow lay sleeping on the deck.  The Herder had told him to obey this woman.  The woman now told him to kill the Herder.  That was Wrong.  But it had been Told.  The troodon had a headache.
Kill them!
Tyrannosaurus Rex! Perdita answered, Bite down now!
The full force of the tyrannosauruss jaw slammed down upon the Star of Bokor.  The Jewel, like diamonds, was made from some of the strongest material in existence.  The dinosaurs teeth were not enough to so much as scratch it.  What they could do, and did, was shatter it.
The Star of Bokor, one of the five Jewels of Power, was destroyed.  The tyrannosaurus roared in fury.  Its eyes stopped their glow.  And on the deck of the dais upon the back of the apatosaurus, a deep shadow stirred but did not awake.
The troodon paused, its foot inches from Perditas face, claws poised to rip and tear.  The Herder was moving and the troodon was ready to Listen.
Out on the field, below them, dinosaurs stopped their attacks and turned to look at the roaring tyrannosaur.  They got ready to run.  There would be a stampede, and the boys and teachers and Mr. Ii were right in their path.
The Havaradi still did not wake up.
I said kill them! Aliss screamed and Perdita backed away from the troodons claws.
Play! Perdita shouted as she backed away, thrusting the violin at Leander Jack, Play now! Everyone, sing!
Leander Jack took the violin.  It had tooth marks.  The E string was broken.  He didnt have his sheet music anymore.  But he did have the Aoide Diamond resting at his feet.  It was also resting quite close to Perdita and Aliss.  One was shouting kill.  The other shouted sing.  The army below Listened.
Leander Jack began to play.  The dinosaurs listened.  And then they sang.
It was nothing and everything like a chorus of birds at dawn.  It was loud and warbling and deep and high. It was perfectly tuned.  Tails and feet drummed against the ground.  Deep roars echoed.  High warbles exalted the music into the heavens.  It was primal and raw and feral and strong and explosive and, above all, joyous.
Never before was Ode to Joy sung in such a way.  Never would it be again.
The music rose and shouted and roared, and the Aoide Diamond shone with light.
The troodon sang and slashed at Perdita with its claws.  Perdita fell backwards.  She screamed into the music.
The Havaradi Herder rose.  The troodon raised its clawed foot and the Herder said, No.
And the music went on and the Herder listened, entranced.
Aliss grabbed for the diamond.  Leander Jack kicked it away.  Perdita grabbed it, triumphant.
Aliss screamed.  She grabbed Leander Jacks violin and she shoved with all her might.  As the song ran through its final notes, Leander Jack tumbled over the side of the dais and vanished from sight.


Chapter 15
History

Rewind ten minutes, give or take a few
Mr. Ii boosted Leander Jack up the side of the tyrannosaurus.  It turned and bounded away, taking Leander Jack and Mr. Ii with it.  Around them, dinosaurs stirred and turned their heads, looking at the boys.
What do we do now? the headmaster demanded.
Try to get everyone back inside the school, Mr. Ii answered, Retreat.
Mr. Ii did not turn or try to get back to the school.  He started walking forward into the chaos.  He ducked.  A bambiraptor flew over his head.  Arthur ran to join him.
Get back here, Doyle! the headmaster shouted, You were told to stay in the school!
Sorry, sir! Arthur called back, But Im part of this story!
Mr. Ii ran.  Arthur followed.  He followed him beneath the legs of a rampaging creature with a mouth rather like a duck, and he followed him over the back of something that resembled a rock with legs and a tail, and he followed him when he ducked under the horn of an angry ceratops.
They only paused a moment when the music soared.  The concert was beyond anything Arthur had ever heard, and it lifted his heart and made his feet fly.  It made all things seem possible.  So when Mr. Ii leapt and grabbed hold of the swishing tail of the apatosaurus, Arthur leapt too.  When Mr. Ii began to climb up the tail, Arthur did not follow.  Not because he didnt want to, but because its actually quite difficult to climb up the moving tail of a living dinosaur.
Leander Jack tumbled over the side of the dais.  Mr. Ii was nowhere near him.  The violin hit the ground and shattered.  Leander Jack did not.
Arthur did not grab him so much as Leander Jack managed to grab hold of Arthur.  The boys swung about as the tail swished wildly and the boys screamed.
Aliss screamed.
The Dinosaur Herder called for the dinosaurs to return to the ship and the dinosaurs Listened.
Leander Jack and Arthur tumbled to the ground, bruised but not broken, and then had to roll out of the way as giant feet plodded right where they had been lying.
Time goes on.
Im not dead, said Leander Jack, sounding very surprised by this fact.
That was an excellent adventure, Arthur said.  Perhaps I will not run away from school after all.
And slowly, the army of zombie dinosaurs returns to the spaceship.  Many of them are still quietly singing the Ode to Joy.  Aliss sulks behind her fan while a troodon watches her every move.  And somewhere high on the back of the apatosaurus, a young voice shouts.
What do you mean you left it in the Mesozoic Era?!!!
Fast Forward about 145 years
In the small town of Sanger, on a Tuesday, a violin case lies abandoned by the side of Oak Street.  There is not a noise like thwip.  There is a noise like flap flap flap as an eleven-year-olds shoes hit the pavement while he ran.  The boy was holding a backpack in his hands which had a large hole in the middle.  The boy paused when he got to the violin, breathing heavily.
He picked it up.
On the corner of the street, a man suddenly appeared holding a sign.  A young girl stood at his side, holding her own.
One sign said:
Oleander,
Thank you for your help.  See you soon.
Mr. Ii
The other sign said:
Idiot,
Next time, take better care of my Prisoner.  Hes all scratched.  Saw you soon.
Pirate Perdita
Leander Jack read both signs.  He waved.  Then he was alone on the street.  No dinosaurs. No strange men.  No pirates.  No zombie apocalypse. 
He walked the rest of the way to school.
Time went on.

The End


About the Author

Mir Footegrew up in the country, in a small community called Whitehawk. There she had the woods for her playground, dirt roads for her adventures, and an entire wilderness for inspiration. She was lulled to sleep at night by the sound of drums and coyote calls. By day, she explored.
Now, the world is her playground. She spent a year of school in France and another month in Prague. She taught English for a year in South Korea. She has walked on the Great Wall of China, escaped a forest fire in the mountains of Wyoming, and stood in the ruins of Pompeii.
Mir Foote is a world traveler, an amateur linguist, and lover of the written word. Currently, she is looking into the far reaches of the past and future, exploring new stories, and working on her next book.
For more information on Mir Foote or her books, please go to her website pages at:  

mirfoote.com

Smashwords

Facebook

