Tripartite





A special thank you to: YWS (www.youngwriterssociety.com) 
Without whom writing this book would not have been possible.
(Hey, Teen writers. If you are ever looking for a site where you can share your poems and stories with others like you, look no further. YWS is probably the best out there, and they will also help you write your books. If you decide to join, my username is ANADIR. See you around!)
And my Father, who helped draw my cover, and provided encouragement for me.

One last thing.  If you want to contact me about upcoming books, or just to talk, my email is theunleashed.books@gmail.com






Chapter One
My truck rumbled across the road, kicking up gravel. I was going a whopping 20 miles an hour, below the speed limit by almost five miles. I turned up my rock music to drone out the sound of the gravel crunching under my car. As I listened to music, a pair of headlights lit up the road in front of me. What the I muttered.
	A little Prius launched into the road, directly in front of my car. I slammed the brakes, but my car slammed into the little Prius, and it completely totaled it, and on top of that, my car ran right over it! I backed up, off of his car, and ran to check to see if the driver was ok. I looked through the hole that used to be his window, and saw a kid, no older than 15. The idiot must have taken his parents car for a joyride. I poked him without thinking, to see if he was alive. He didn't move. He was dead. And now, my fingerprint was on him. I cursed. "Oh man... I am so screwed." I thought to myself.
Without thinking that fleeing the site would put me off even worse, I panicked and sped off. It took a whole three minutes for the police find out what happened, and another two for them to be after me. Since I was on a mountainside path, nobody was even driving so I could drive my car as fast as I could. In fact, I might have gotten away, accept I was driving an old truck, and when I say old, Im talking about older than me. The thing was barely drivable, and the only reason I drove it is because Im way too broke to be able to buy myself another car. 
Now that I think back to it, the thing was moving so slowly, I might have been better off running. 
I slammed my foot on the acceleration. Blast! Stupid old car 
I slammed my foot on the acceleration again. I heard the sirens growing louder. It was a matter of time before they caught me. Street Lights disappeared in blurs. I looked into my rear window. It looked like I was losing them. I was wrong. 
As I turned my head back to the road in front of me, a large police car pulled up next to me. Pull over! This is your only warning! 
I cursed. There was no way I could outrun them now. Resigning to my fate, I pulled over
The Policeman rapped on my window. I rolled it open. Get out of your car He said.
I sighed. I slid out of the trashy truck. He didnt say any more. He just waved his hand at the back door of his car. I sighed, and got into his car.
After a long drive, we arrived at the Court. Hey, doesn't it take years for trial? I asked.
Usually, Yes. The policeman answered. 
But, there is an exception when you run over the Judges son. The policeman laughed.
Youre screwed son
	I sat down on a bench to wait. It didnt take much time for two guards arrive. They took me into the court room. There was nothing special about it, just a square chamber with a table for the accused, judge table, and the seats for witnesses. The trial started. The Judge began droning on and on. I wonder what my mom and dad will think I thought to myself.
 I said, what do you say to this! The Judge roared.
I snapped awake. Darn! I must have dozed off! I thought.
The Judge smirked. Since it appears that you are too...intoxicated...to answer me, I will pronounce your sentence for you. You will be in Jail for the rest of your life for murder, and driving drunk!
I sputtered. Wait! I wasnt... There was a stab of pain, and everything flashed red. I swayed, and fell to the floor.
I opened my eyes. Ugh I groaned.
Where am I? I thought
My head was throbbing horribly. Humph. I must have gotten drunk last night. I decided.
I rolled over, and smacked my face on a gray wall. Wait...Gray? I thought to myself.
My walls are white... 
Suddenly, I remembered. The crash, the trial, and the sentence. I froze. This can't be happening! Why me? Thoughts flashed through my head like a wildfire. 
I just plopped down. I'm going to be here for the rest of my life! Ill never see my family again!
My life, my future, gone, like the wind. I rolled over, crying softly. With the final thought, I wish I was anywhere but here! I went to sleep.
I sat up. Light was streaming into my cell through a glass window, about 14 feet in the air. I looked at it. I wonder if I can fit through there and escape I thought to myself. 
I laughed to myself, despite the situation. The window was only 3x3. I would never be able to squeeze through it. I sighed, and sat down on the hard bed.
I sat there, thinking on what I could have done differently. Maybe I could have just stayed home. What would have happened then? Or what if...
My thoughts were broken abruptly, as the sound of screaming, and clashing metal made its way into my ears. I shuddered. Must be a prison brawl I decided.
I just sat back down on the bed, and tuned out the noises. Suddenly, I heard an awful scream. The scream could be compared to the sound of a massive truck rolling down a hill of sharp metal, or the sound of nails on a chalkboard, just amplified by a million.
 There was the sound of metal screeching again, and then, suddenly, the screams stopped. I sighed. Looks like its finally over. I thought to myself.
If only I had known how wrong I was.
Seconds after the screaming stopped, it began again. Then, suddenly, loudspeakers blared to life outside in the hallway. All personal, there is an unauthorized intruder on floor 3! I repeat there is an unauthorized intruder on floor 3! the metallic voice screeched again, and continued repeating its message.
After a while, the voice stopped, but the screams did not. Suddenly, there was the sound of a gunshot. Immediately after, a scream of horror followed, one that you can only get from seeing something so awful, and horrid, that it scarred you for life. For example, my moms Chicken.
Slowly, screams got louder, if possible. Then, I realized what was happening. Those screams arent getting louder! They are getting closer! I realized.
I hid under my bed, and waited as the screams slowly got closer. Soon, I heard the sound of footsteps. They were brisk, like someone was in a hurry. They stopped every few seconds, it seemed like they stopped at every cell. And every time they stopped, the screaming started again. After what seemed like hours, a man appeared in front of my cell. Since I was hiding behind my bed, I was sure that the person couldn't see me. But, he just walked into the cell. Right through the bars. 
It took me a moment to understand what had just happened. A man had just walked straight through the cell bars, without damaging them. My mouth dropped open. Oh my gosh!
What the hell are you? I screamed.
 The man jumped at me and put his hand over my mouth. Keep quiet, and I wont kill you. Understand? 
Yes I replied in a small voice. 
Perfect. You appear to be the only one left alive in this horrid place. I must assume you are the one with potential I am looking for. What is your name? 
"Why should I tell you anything?" I asked.
"Because I'll kill you if you don't." He said in a matter of fact tone
I paled. "You don't take anything do you?" I whispered.
His grip on me tightened.
"My name is Lance." I said.
All right Lance, I am going to tell you something beyond your wildest dreams. You may not believe me because it seems so far-fetched, but here it is. Youre a mage, Lance.
I burst into laughter, despite the situation. Me? A mage? I think you have the wrong guy. Im just a normal guy in prison for a hit and run".
"Besides, mages arent real. They are just stories made up by book writers to make their books more interestingIs this some type of sick joke? Its starting to sound like harry potter. 
The man looked at me. He chuckled. Just stories? No, Mages are as real as you are. If they are not real, then tell me; how did I walk through those bars? 
I frowned. That was a good point. There was no way that was possible. I thought for a moment. "I have it!" I yelled.
"You must be from the FBI, or something. You must have some new technology that uses holograms or something like that, and you are testing it out on the prisoners!"
He smirked. "The FBI, huh? Then tell me, can the FBI do this?"
He raised his hand, and a flames burst from it. The flames slowly formed into a curved shape. "A sword." I thought. 
 He reached out with the sword, and cut my bed clean in half.
"That's impossible! There is no way for that to happen!" I muttered, and tried to back away
The man smirked. "Afraid there is kiddo. This is reality now. Face it like a man"
Then, the truth hit me, and the world started swimming. Magic is real; Magic is real; magic is real. The thoughts swirled through my mind like a tornado. "This is unbelievable! All those childhood stories were real!" With those final thoughts, my mind overloaded, and I toppled to the floor, out cold.



Chapter Two
I woke up to the man looking at my face in worry. I sat up. He looked at me. Are you alright kiddo? He asked.
"I would hate to lose a potential mage right after I found him. I know its hard to believe, but there are thousands of other people just like you. I know this is all hard to take in though. I bet you are thinking you are in a coma, or the such. Here, Take this card. Its the Magi academies address. You have 2 days to decide what you want to do with your life. 
Then he touched me and the world spun around. When My eyes came back to focus, I was standing in an apartment. I looked around. The apartment was a dull gray, with a pattern of stars on the ceiling. It had three rooms, a bedroom, a bathroom, and a kitchen. I pulled the curtains over. It looked like I was in a large theme park. I headed out of my room, to try to find where I was.
As I walked down, I looked at the card that Harvester gave me. On the top it said Magi, Gold rank 7, Name: Harvester Jones. I got to the street and looked around. The street was crowded, with lots of small shops. I looked around, for a newspaper stand, or something of the like. TV shop near; so I went in.. After half an hour of waiting, I finally got what I wanted. San Diego morning time news said the nasally announcer. 
So Im in San Diego huh? I said to myself
I looked at the card again, tucked it in my pocket and went back to my apartment. 
While I was walking back to my apartment, I sat down on a bench next to a massive tree. I looked at the card again. The address was: Lenen Street, between the ice cream shop and the TV shop, right at the base of the big tree. I looked around. The ice cream shop was on my left and the TV shop was to my right. I turned around. Behind me was a massive tree. I didnt see anything else that seemed like it could be the school, so I figured that the school must be hidden, or something. If that had magic to make a fire sword, then they should definitely have a way to hide a school. I muttered to myself
I marked the place mentally, because, it looked like a good place to hide, if the need arose. Then I walked back to my apartment, to get some much needed rest after what had happened.
As I was walking to my bedroom, I heard growling and scratching at my door. "What the..." The scratching continued.
I paled; that didnt sound human. I started walking to my room faster. My door flew in, torn from its hinges. There was screaming, Im not sure who; I think it might have been me. I sprinted as fast as I could into my bedroom and locked the door. I then flipped my bed upright and hid behind it. Then there was pounding on my bedroom door, slow and rhythmic, like the person, or thing behind it had all the time in the world. 
The pounding stopped. I felt relieved. They must have given up. Then my bedroom door flew open and all hell broke loose. I screamed for help. I ran behind my bed, and hid there. Suddenly, the lights in the room blew out. There was a flash of light, like lightning. Then a small dragon appeared. It had short, curled horns on its head, with dark gold scales and red eyes. The monsters seemed to freeze. Then I looked more closely. They actually DID freeze. They were no longer breathing, and they seemed like they were just...stopped. The monsters seemed to be frozen in time. 
I looked at the dragon. Are you another monster? I asked, shaken.
The question was supposed to be rhetorical, but the dragon responded. How dare you compare me to a demon from the circles of hell! I am a familiar! And, unfortunately, it appears that I am bonded to you, weak human. Now, since I have no choice in the matter, what would you have me do?" It asked.
Then what was happening to me started to sink in. I was trapped in a small room with a dragon the size of my arm, 3 monsters that want my blood and that I am apparently a mage. I started to hyperventilate.	
What the hell is going on! I never asked for anything, but now, a bunch of bloodthirsty monsters are after me, and a God-darn dragon is bound to me! 
As I stood there, Panicking, I remembered reading in one of my story books ,when I was a kid, that wizards would often rhyme to cast spells.	I smirked. Lightning hear my cry! Make these dumb monsters die! I wiggled my fingers and lightning shot out of them and roasted one of the monsters.
I stared at the small pile of ash where it was. I screamed. "What is going on? "Now I rhyme out spells? This is a complete joke!"
The dragon slid back into shadows. "I will return later. Another force approaches, you will be safe now...weakling 
Just as the dragon disappeared, Harvester teleported into the room with a worried look. He looked around saw the monsters. He frowned, and muttered a word. He waved his hand, and turned them to dust with one quick spell. I looked at him blankly. Then I passed out; for the second time that day.        
I was woken up quite rudely, because when I fainted I was standing, so when I collapsed, I smacked my head on the floor. I saw Harvester standing near me. I looked him in the eye. You got me. Count me in. I said to him. 
If only to get out of this nightmare I thought to myself.
Great! Harvester crowed.
When do I begin? I asked. 
Harvester looked at me strangely. Now of course! Now come with me
When Harvester walked into a tree, I wasnt even surprised. So much had gone on in the past day nothing could surprise me anymore. I just followed him in. When we got in the tree, it actually was the size of a normal room; except it had lots of paths leading out of it. I followed him down one of them. He took me to a room and said This is the test room. It tells me your potential as a mage. 
"Just don't move, and play along." He said.
He took me into the room, and sat me down on a chair. He then left and locked the door. I sat there for about a minute when suddenly a cold wind started whipping around me. A ghastly face appeared in front of me and looked me in the eye. I jumped back. What the hell? I muttered. I forced myself to sit back down.
The face seemed to be made of smoke and it didnt appear to have a body. Its eyes were glowing red, like hot coals. It stared at me for a bit and disappeared. Suddenly there was an excruciating pain in my back and I collapsed.
When I came to, I saw Harvester standing near meagain. He looked at me and said Well? How did it go?
Horrible I muttered, under my breath.
"Thats about right he said 
So, how many bronzies did you get? He asked curiously.
What are bronzies I asked.
He looked confused. "Well, they are what we call the bronze stars that appear on your back after your testing." 
"How many did you get? 
I frowned. What bronze stars? I pulled up my shirt. There were ten black stars tattooed on my back, how I knew, I dont know. "I didnt get any bronze stars." I said.
He looked horrified. What? I was sure you had potential! I checked it twice myself! He said, starting to panic.
I though back to when I used a spell to blast that monster, and laughed to myself. I was pretty sure that I had this potential. But all I said was, 	Well, I dont have bronze stars, but I do have these black ones I said. He looked surprised. Black ones? He asked.
Youre just full of surprises arent you? He said grinning.
Whats special with black ones? I asked
Well," He said, "Black stars usually dont appear until you test for journeyman mage. He said. So, how many of the black stars did you get?"
I lifted my shirt and turned to him. Suddenly he paled. Stay here! he shouted, and ran out of the room, like it was the end of the world. He returned about 3 minutes later panting. Lance you never told me your last name. Could it possibly be Starfinder? he asked 
I jumped. How in the world did you know? I cried. 
He got even paler, if thats even possible. He looked at me and said You are part of an ancient prophecy. You must tell nobody about this. Understand?
Okay... But what prophecy? I asked. 
"It is important for you not to learn. You will just have to wait kiddo." He said.
Now head off to your dorm and meet your roomies.
I walked through the massive halls of the boys dorm, looking for room 104. After a few minutes of searching, I finally found it. I opened the door and went in. inside were three beds, one with a body in it. Thinking that my roomie was asleep, I figured I would go to sleep as well and meet him in the morning. But as I got into bed and pulled the covers up, a form jumped up in front of me and scared the living crap out of me. Literally. I flipped out and snapped at him. What in the world man? Do you have any idea of the day I just went through? I got jumped by monsters, rescued from jail, and scarred in the back by an ugly face! 
He looked apologetic, though it might have been false, I'm not sure. Sorry man I didnt think you would take it so hard. The body on the bed was just an illusion anyway; I didn't think you would fall for it... He muttered.
An illusion? Whats that? I asked. You dont know? He asked, his eyes glowing with laughter. Yes Im sort of new here, so why dont you tell me about this. I said, snidely. The boy chuckled. Well my name is Bakar Lightsword. Who are you? 
I thought for a moment. I remembered Harvester telling me to keep my last name and stars secret. Im Lance. I dont know my parents. I took the moment to look closer at him. He had light blonde hair, and seemed to be about 4'6. Not too tall, but he wasn't ugly. He had a fair face, with soft features.
Bakar looked at me. All-righty then Lance. Im a healer with 3 stars. What about you?
 Healer? Whats that? I asked
Youre a paramedic or something? Bakar chuckled.
How new to this are you, Lance? Im a Healer mage. Do you even know the different types of mages? He asked.
Different types of mages? I didnt know thatwhat are they? I muttered. In fact, before today, I didnt even know that there was magic I thought to myself.
Its a long explanation. He replied. Well we do have all night I said. But first, bring me some flipping paper towels to clean up my bed!
Well, the well-known classes are redmage, blackmage, shadowmage, swordmage, bluemage, summoner ,graymage, and healer. There are more types, but those are the basic ones, and you can become one of the stronger branches from one of those.
Redmage and Blackmage are the normal offence classes. They both use elemental spells, but black mage has weather spells and a little bit of necromancy.
Hey, I thought necromancy was the thing the bad guys did. I said. Bakar laughed. Not only bad people use necromancy. It can be used for evil purposes like you said, but it can also be used for good. Like letting people see their loved one more time. 
Yes, but... I started, but he cut me off.. Bluemage and Graymage are the basic defense classes. Bluemage can only use the water element, and can use it mostly for shields, but can do a little offense magic as well. Graymage has no elemental power, but they can buff and use all defense spells. 
What is a buff? I asked
Well, buffing is like making people stronger through magic. It can let them take more hits or become faster. 
Then there is the swordmage. They are rather rare and are our blacksmiths. They can enchant weapons, armor, and metal. They can also control their bodies more than an average human, like being able to bend their arm in loops, or stop their nerves from sending pain signals to the brain. He explained.
Then there are summoners. They are a dark/fire class. The can use fire element and the super element dark. They can also summon demons. They also usually get familiars. Wait a minute I said. Is it possible for other mages to get familiars? I asked
It is, but it is rather rare. He continued on. The healer class can use the super element light. They can also heal. And finally, there is Shadowmage. It is the most powerful basic class. It has all four elements, can have familiars, summon demons, and has the super element Dark.
Also, there are very rare. Now get some sleep, you have the choosing tomorrow when they tell you what type of mage you are. He said, and promptly jumped into his bed, and started snoring. Goodnight I muttered. I look I fell asleep before I could hear his answer. 
Light was streaming to the room; I could feel the sun's warmth on my face. I sighed. I rolled over to check my alarm clock. "Why isn't it ringing?" I thought.
Suddenly, I remembered what had happened. I snapped awake, grinning. "Oh no, did I miss the choosing?" I thought.
I jumped out of bed, and ran off to the choosing as fast as I could. I got there barely on time. As I watched they would call people up and have them sit on a chair. Then they would cast some sort of a spell on them and a sign would appear above their head. So far what I had seen was: a red fire for redmage, a black skull for blackmage, a glowing sword for swordmage, a yellow star for healer, and a red staff for summoner.
After what seemed like hours I got called up. I walked up to the stage on shaky legs. I sat down and let them cast the spell on me. I sat on the chair, and watched the crowd. There was a collective gasp in the crowd. All I looked up to see a pitch black monster with red eyes above my head, but it seemed to shimmer, like a mirage. The announcers looked at me and, with rather wide eyes, proclaimed, And now, look here! We have our first shadowmage in a decade! All welcome Lance!
Shakily, I returned to my seat. "A shadowmage? The first in a decade? How rare, exactly, am I?" I wondered.
The rest of the choosing passed like a blur. When it finally ended, I ran to my room.


Chapter Three
As I walked into my room, I noticed an envelope on my bed. It read Lance, Class schedules"
I sat down and started to open it. Bakar walked through the door. Wow dude! Youre a shadowmage? he cried, amazed. 
Yes, I am. Why didnt you tell me quite how rare they were? I grumbled, but it was hard to stay mad at the little guy.
Well I didnt think it would be that important he muttered, slightly put out.
I finished opening my class schedule. I looked at it. 1 per. Elements 2 per. Magic history 3 per. offence training 4 per. Summoning 5 per. Familiars 6 per. Dark magic and elemental magic 7 per. Monster info 8 per. Battle strategy tactics.
Eight classes? And all in one day? That was pushing it. School went from 6 am to 4 pm. I sighed. It was going to be a long week. I plopped down on my bed, rolled over, and went to sleep without a single word.
I woke up in the morning to the sweet loving sound of an alarm clock cussing for all it was worth at me and Bakar laughing his head off. I set your alarm clock to cuss at you until you tell it to shut up he managed to get out, and then fell over laughing.
"Oh shut up, you piece of trash" I grumbled, and threw my pillow at Bakar. 
"I'll have to ask him how to undo that later" I thought to myself, and went to class. 
I was slightly late for class, because I didn't know my way around yet. I went in, and the teacher had already started taking roll. She looked up. "You must me Mr. Lance" she said.
"Have a seat" she waved to a chair near the front of the room she didn't look happy.
I sat down in my seat. Lance! You must be on time on all of my classes! I will send you back to where you came from if you are late to my class again!" She snapped at me.
Now as I was saying before Mr. Lance here came in, my name is Mrs. Ark. 
I sighed. This was going to be a long day.
She then proceeded to tell the class about how to be safe while using elements. After what seemed like ages, she stopped talking. Now then class, I will teach you the most basic spell, the fireball. First, what you must do is reach into your soul, and feel the energy there. When you feel the energy, I want you to reach out with your mind, and envision grabbing a small, now I mean really small. No more than the size of a pea. Now, when you grab the energy, envision it swirling around in your outstretched hand, grating against itself so fast, it turns into a fireball. She finished.
I held out my hand. Closing my eyes, I reached out with my mind. I didnt see any energy, or anything of the sort. Mrs. Ark walked up to me. 
Well lance...How is it going? She asked.
I cant seem to find any energy in here I said.
You aren't looking hard enough. She said simply, and walked off. I looked around the class. Quite a few kids already had a fireball, including Bakar. I frowned. I have to do this! I screamed at myself. I combed my mind, looking for anything that seemed like energy. Suddenly, everything just...Fuzzed out. Im not sure how to explain it. All I can say is first, my eyes are closed, and then, they were open, and Im standing in a large, dark library. I looked around. Where the heck am I? I wondered.
I headed off in a random direction. As I walked, a huge picture of chocolate cake flew at me. Behind the cake, was my mom, wishing me happy birthday. Next, came the picture of my junior high bully, who I had stood up for, to show off to the girl I like. Suddenly, I understood. Somehow, I had gotten into my own head.
 Now all I have to do is find where my magic is hidden. I strolled through my mind, looking closely at everything I walked past. I walked for a while, looking for something out of place. As I walked, I noticed a shimmering in front of me. Thats it! I thought.
	I reached my hand out, and grabbed a small portion of the shimmering Gel. The second my hand touched it, everything swam. When I could see again, I saw I was kneeling at the foot of a river, but the river seemed to be made out of shiny black gel. I grabbed a little, and stepped out of my mind.
I opened my eyes, to be back in the classroom. Though I couldnt see the gel, I could feel it. I imagined it swirling around in a ball. Immediately, an orange glow emitted from my hand, and a fireball appeared in it. Mrs. Ark smiled. Very Good Lance. She said.
She looked at the clock. Oh my, it looks like class is almost over. You may dispel your fireballs, and head to your next class."
As I walked through the halls to my room for my first break of the day, I thought about how far behind everybody I was. As I walked, I wasnt watching where I was going and accidently bumped into a large boy. He looked down at me. Watch where youre going, clumsy He said, in a deep voice.
I muttered an apology and tried to go around him. Not so fast He said, with an evil grin on his face.
I think he needs a lesson. Right boys? his gang of thugs agreed.
I looked around. I hadnt even noticed them before. Darn it, why does this always happen to me? I tried fighting them, but they were third years, and knew more spells. I managed to zap one of them with my rhyme-lightning, but they paralyzed me. Why you little @$^% let go of me! I roared.
I dont think so. Right boys?
Thats right Brent! one of them cried. 
The world turned red. I launched a massive fireball at one, who didnt have time to put up his shield, and he barely dodged it. Brent looked at me. 
	Youll pay for that, punk
I did. I went back to my room, sporting a black eye and bruises all over my body. On the way back, I reunited with Bakar. He looked worried. I heard you had a fight with Brent He said
Yea, I did. Not much of a fight though, he clobbered me. I said, and waved at my eye.
Bakar looked at me and waved his hands over my head. He muttered some gibberish and suddenly the pain from the bruises left. "Whoa! That was effective! Did you get rid of the bruises?" I asked, awed.
No, I only blocked the pain, like a painkiller. The bruises are still there." He said, sadly.
"I'm not strong enough to do any more."
We have the next class together though! he skipped off as I wondered how he could be so happy all the time.
When I got back to my room, there was a note posted on the door. Report to the headmasters office immediately-Lance
 I groaned. "What now?" I thought to myself.
I went off to find the headmasters office. When I found it, I went in, and entered into a small room with a table. At the table, there was a lady, probably a secretary. The lady at the table looked at me. Do you have an appointment with Headmaster Wyat? She asked. 
Yep. I got summoned by him. There was a note on my door I said, slightly annoyed.
Oh, you must be Lance then. Come with me she waved her hand, and a wall slip open.
I raised my eyebrows, but nothing was surprising anymore. She turned around and pointed a stick at another wall. It slipped open to reveal a staircase. She looked at me, and gestured to the staircase. I sighed, and walked in.
After emerging from the staircase, I came into a room with a middle aged man watching me. Well lets see them then. He said, simply
See what? I asked. 
The black stars of course. He said, with a small smile.
I practically jumped, but I composed myself. How do you know about that? 
Harvester works for me he said, his grin fading.
"What happened to you? He asked.
 I looked at myself, and saw all the bruises. I reddened. Brent and his gang beat me up I said, hesitantly
He looked surprised. That bad? They usually only leave one bruise.
I frowned. You know they are trouble makers, yet you let them stay around? How come? I asked, still frowning. 
Well Lance, I cant quite get rid of them because they are from influential families, and if they were removed, their families would destroy my school He said, in a disapproving tone.
But, why did they beat you up so badly? He asked, curiosity breaking through his calm demeanor.
Well, I did make them pretty mad, and I nearly fried one of them I said, with a slight smile on my face. He chuckled. Well you better get that healed soon. He said, with worry in his voice.
Right. Ill go get it healed now. I said, and turned to leave.
Wait a minute Lance. I was thinking you should take special classes with my only other shadowmage, Cane. He said.
Whoa, I thought I was the first shadowmage in decades? I said, frowning.
Well, you are. Cane is over a few decades old. he said, with a slight smile.
Ill call him now. He said, and pulled a small rope near his desk.
 About five minutes later, the door slammed open and a short man waddled in. His body looked like a four year olds, just covered with muscles. His face was pretty much the same. I couldnt help it, and started laughing. A second later I was pinned to the wall by two monsters. Lesson one. You shall not judge others by their appearance. 
I am Cane the little man said
Do you intend to have private tuition under me? He asked quietly
Yes I replied
You will do as I say, when I say. You fail, you die. You will report to my office at 5 and leave at 7. Do not be late. Then Cane turned on his heel and walked out.
Perfect! Now head back to your room Lance, Ill speak with you later. The headmaster said, sounding pleased with himself.


Chapter Four
I walked out of his room.When I got back to my room, I checked the time and cursed. I missed part of my magic history class. I sprinted there as fast as my legs could carry me. When I got in, the teacher was already talking to his students.  So, you must be Lance! You had better not make a habit of this! Now sit down, and start writing down what I have on the board. he snapped.
Now, as I was saying, I am Mr. Cringle. In this class, I will teach you about magics beginning, and its heights of power. I will also tell you about the Magic counterpart of Earth. But that is not for today. Mr. Cringle said. 
I sighed. This looked just like the average history class. After about five minutes, I decided I had found my most boring class. I started snoozing off and suddenly, there was a jarring pain in my head. I looked up to see the teacher had thrown his baton at my head and guided it with magic. I started to grin, thinking the class would be more fun than I anticipated. Then, when he assigned homework, my original idea proved itself right.
 After Magic History, I went to Offense class. When we all got there, the teacher started giving us a speech. Welcome to offence class. You will get broken bones in this class, and you will never leave unharmed. and there will be no magic. You will not always be able to use your magic, so I will be teaching you how to fight without it. You do not need to know my name, so you will call me sir. He finished.
He looked around the class. Then his eyes fell on me, and he said You there! Come up here, you will be my test dummy while I show you and the class how to get out of an arm lock. Now start here an hour later, I had more blue on my skin than white, and I ached all over. 
So far it seems that all the teachers hate my guts. "I wonder of it was a good idea to join this, I'm just not cut out for it." I said, slightly put out.
  Next, I went to summoning Class. "I seriously hope that this guy dosen't hate me as well" I thought to myself, but didn't have any high hopes.
I found the class and walked in, early. I saw the teacher there, and immediately, I liked him. He was tall, with swirling black eyes. He waved to a seat, and went back to whatever he was doing. I sat down, and waited for class to start. When everyone got there, he began talking. "This is summoning, Here you will learn how to summon demons from the first 7 circles. My name is John, and I will be your summoning teacher. Still watching me, he cut his thumb, and drew a pentagon on the ground with blood.
 As we watched, he summoned a small demon from something he called "the first circle." The little demon went around and passed out papers to all of us. I looked at my paper. It had a picture of a pentagon with some lines around it. Now class, I want you to lightly cut your thumb, or bite it to blood, and draw the pentagon on the paper. Then imagine a small demon like the one I just summoned, appearing in the pentagon.
 I bit my thumb and drew the pentagon on my table. I then imagined a little furry red monster with wings appearing on the circle. Nothing happened. I tried again. Some other kids had already sucsedded in summoning a little circle one demon. This went on for five minutes. Soon, I was the only one without a summoned demon. I began to grow exasperated. Everybody was watching me. 
 I got so mad, I smacked the pentagon with my bloody, finger, not thinking, and put a bloody dot in the middle of the pentagon. John yelped and cried Stop! Stop! but it was too late. 
I imagined a little devil, complete with trident standing in my summoning circle. There was a flash of light, and the pentagon turned black.
 And just like that, the demon that I was thinking of was standing right there. John looked at it. Lance, you just accidentily summoned a circle 3 demon. But your circle turned black which means that it is captured, and you just have to name it now for it to be in your service until your death.
 I looked at the demon. Can I call you Staff? I asked. 
You may. It replied in a grating voice. I almost jumped back.
. It can speak in my mind?
"Sort of like my familiar, Shadow, but Shadow soundednicer." I thought. 
John smiled at the class. Well now class, now that we have all summoned a demon, tell it to pick up your pencil. Pick up my pencil I thought at it. As you wish, master. It picked up the pencil. 
 I could get used to this. All right class, times up tell your demon to return. Return now. I sent to the demon. John sent us off to our next class.
 I then went to my familiar class. The teacher was a tall, fat lady with blue eyes, and blond hair. I walked in and sat down in a seat near the front, to hear as much as possible. When everybody got here, she gave her welcome speech. Welcome to Familiars and understanding them, class. My name is Mrs.Lawrence, and I will be your teacher.
 Now you summon your familiar by sending a call to help to the upper circles of creatures. Now this is not summoning, class. Summoning summons familiars from the bottom circles, the place where all evil stems. 
There are only 5 upper circles, unlike the circles of hell, which have 10. In the first circle we have the minor helpers to angels like doves, foxes and spirits. In the second circle, which is the most common one to get familiars out of, we have the light shadows, minor angels, and some winged serpents, which are holy serpents, not the dark ones you find in the 6th circle. In the third ring, where the more powerful familiars are, there are hippogriffs, minor dragons, and seraphs."
"My familiar is a minor hippogriff, it is in the middle between the second and third ring. None of you will get above the second ring, you are all too weak. She said, snottily.
This lady seems like a complete jerk. I dont like her at all. I wonder why she hasnt mentioned something like shadow yet I wonder if hes a minor dragon?... I thought. She continued. "In the fourth ring, you will find very powerful familiars like angels, high seraphs, and dead mages."
"But, in the fifth ring, there are only evolved familiars. Most of These familiars evolved from one of the previous ones. For example, there are arch-angels, which evolved from normal angels. There are also natural familiars there such as, the golden dragons, the mimics, and Guardians.
Now she said, All of you must remember, you can only have one familiar. The second you summon another one, you lose your first one. Now, everybody with me draw a square in the air by holding a fireball spell in your hand.
"Wait, I loose shadow?" I thought, horrified.
Wait! I yelled
What is it Lance? 
I already have a familiar! I said, panicking. 
She laughed. Well he is not strong enough, so you are getting a new one. 
No way! I yelled. I bet Shadow can beat your hippogriff in a fight!
 Immediately I realized what I had done. I paled I just challenged an experienced teacher. She laughed, knowing what I had done.. All right then lance. Lets see your weak familiar beat my hippogriff
She drew a square in the air and summoned a small cat like thing, but it had the head of a hawk and it looked like its tail was a snake. Im so doomed. Shadow! Come to me! there was a flash of light and Shadow appeared.
He was longer than before, now a full 6 feet. He looked around. These humans are pathetic. Other than that healer over in the corner. He appears to have quite a bit of potential. He thought at me. 
I looked where he indicated, and saw Bakar. He smiled and waved. I waved back. I looked back at Shadow. Im sorry, I got you involved in this, I challenged my teacher saying you could beat her familiar. I thought to him. 
Shadow laughed in my head. . No problem. Just sit back and watch. He said.
Shadow walked up to her familiar and looked it in the eye. Mrs. Lawrence looked at Shadow and sputtered. Aaa golden dragon? 
But she couldnt back down now, that would stain her honor forever. So she sent out her hippogriff. The two familiars looked each other in the eye. Then Shadow flashed forward, and just like that the fight was over. His claw was at the hippogriffs throat curled to kill at a moments notice.
Mrs. Lawrence looked outraged, but managed to force out, I surrender Lance. Class dismissed. 
Shadow jumped up on my shoulder. That was easy. Why are you so respectful to her? He thought at me. 
"Well, I replied, she is my teacher, and if I want to stay in school I have to be nice to her."
He looked at me. Well, I shall be going now, call me when you need me. He disappeared in a flash of light.
Bakar walked up to me as I exited the door of the classroom. He chuckled. Well, you showed Mrs. Lawrence what for. He said, grinning from ear to ear.
I didnt know you had such a strong familiar. I have a winged serpent. And I thought I had it good. He laughed
Wait you also have a I started.
Well, Ill see you at Monster information. He walked off in another direction.
I headed through the packed hallways to Dark magic and elements class. I sat down in a seat near the front and waited for the rest of the class to get there. When the rest of the class finally got here, the teacher, like all the others started with an opening speech. My name is Mr. Leonardo. You will refer to me as none other. Now, reach above you. Is there anything there? He looked at a pudgy boy near me. 
Marcus, what do you think? Is there something above you? Marcus looked nervous.
He looked up and since nothing appeared to be there, said N...No sir.
False! Came the booming roar from Mr. Leonardo. There is something all around you. The Energy. It is all around you wherever you are. In this class, I will show you how to harness and use this energy. Weather for Dark magic, or elemental, and also for storage.
Now the first thing you will need is an Energybook. This is a book that records everything you learn. He reached into the air and pulled out a dark black book. This is my energy book. It is all black because all I can use is dark magic. If you can use fire and dark, you will have a mix of black and red.
Now to get the Energybook, you must picture a huge lake of energy just floating all around you. Then, you must reach out with your hand, and feel your book. Then grab it and pull it out of the lake. He said.
Now try it. Go! I thought about it for a moment. 
I thought back to when I felt the power around me, but like a river, not a lake. I pictured the huge lake that was near where my parents live. I put my hand forward.
I imagined the lake. Then I felt something. I moved my hand back and felt a thin and hard item. Definitely not a book. I grabbed it and pulled it out. I was holding a shiny laptop colored pitch black. There were swirls of light red around the computer. I looked around and saw that I was the only one that got a laptop. I sighed. "Go figure" I thought.


Chapter Five
Mr. Leonardo came up to me. Young man, I said take out your Energybook, not a tablet. Now class, your Energy books are indestructible. Look. He took his book, and tossed set it on fire with a spell. When the fire died out, the book was unharmed. Now look what happens to a normal substance, one not made from energy. He grabbed my laptop and threw it in the air. Then he sent a red bolt at it.
The bolt hit my cool, new laptop. And it stopped. And suddenly, the laptop started shaking. My teacher looked worried, and his smug look faded. Then suddenly, my laptop broke apart into fragments. But the bolt stayed in the same spot, instead of dispelling. The teachers eyes widened slightly. Then the fragments changed into legs, a chest, and arms The fragments slowly put themselves into a robot. Its large head slowly shifted upwards.
Its hollow eyes lit up with yellow flame. Attack sequence 1, return fire. 
It opened its massive mouth and bit down on the bolt. We all sat there watching the robot. Then it opened its mouth. A beam of pure red light shot out and hit Mr. Leonardo. He flew backwards and disappeared. He puffed into existence behind my laptop/evil robot of doom. He shot it with a black bolt. The robots head turned around and ate that too. It then shot out a black beam of light and vaporized a desk and the class pet.
Flappy, Noo came the cry from the back of the room.
Stop! Stop! I yelled. This wasn't good for my career. I tackled my laptop/robot. Or at least I tried to. I jumped at it and ran into a rock hard wall. It looked at me. Commander has requested stop sequence. Returning to memory mode. The robot blew into a million particles and reassembled into my shiny laptop.
I looked to Mr. Leonardo. Class, that is what happens when you attack a level 10 Energybook Mr. Leonardo said, not in the least shaken.
They can return fire, when they are ordered to, and it will fight with Its owner, in battles. You	 level up your Energybook by putting lots of spells in it. Mr. Leonardo looked completely unfazed by the fact that my robot just trashed his classroom.
He looked at me. Now, here is my question. Lance, how did you get a level 10 Energybook when you dont even know a single spell?
Everyones eyes bored into me. I dont know! I have no clue whats going on here! I cried, exasperated. 
Mr. Leonardo shrugged. Very well. But, he didn't sound satisfied. 
Now class, your Energy books are not the only things you can store in your lake. Anything you are holding can be dropped in. pick up your energy book and imagine your lake of energy under it. Now drop it. I lifted my sleek new laptop and promised myself to take a closer look at it later. Then I dropped it.
I watched as it disappeared. Just for fun, I picked up the pencil on my desk and did the same. Mr. Leonardo growled. Lance! You will not steal from the school! Put that back now! I jumped. 
"It was just an experiment." I muttered.
I put it back. The rest of class was just Mr. Leonardo showing us how to drop and remove anything from the lake. 
A little while later, I headed to Monster information class. I took the seat next to Bakar, who was already there. The look on my face must have said it all. What happened in Dark class? He asked. 
I laughed. Ill tell you in the dorm today. We chatted while we waited for the rest of the class to arrive. When they all arrived, a massive bug came into the room. Without thinking, I reached up and grabbed my laptop. The bug looked at me. Mr. Lance, there will be no need for your Energybook. I am your teacher for this class.
After a long embarrassing moment, I returned my Energybook. Hello class, my name is Kennedy. I know I look like a monster, which I am, by the way, but not all monsters are your enemies. In fact, you will find many monsters that are just like you, hating their evil cousins. Now there are several different types of monstersDragons, Humanoids, Bugs, Birds, Myth, Heavenly, and Earthly. Now each of these monsters has special weaknesses. This class will teach you to recognize them and exploit them. Now look to my left. There is a table full of weakly enchanted weapons for you. As you advance in grade, more weapons will become available to you. Go choose which one you like best.
The entire class charged to the table, but luckily, Bakar and I were near the front, so we got there first. I looked over the weapons quickly. My eyes settled on a 4 foot stick with a small opal on the top. I grabbed it and looked over to Bakar. He chose a short staff, with a sharp spiked ball on the end.
We went back to our seats and waited while the rest of the class got weapons. When everybody got their weapons, he suddenly slit up into about 30 different duplicates of him, one for each of us. One of them approached me while the rest went to various students. Lance, you chose the opal staff. It has the ability to grow a physical manifestation of fire on it and become a whip. It is not a powerful weapon that deals heavy hits, but it is good for finesse. You can disarm, and trap opponents with it. 
A hunched form looked into a pool of water. Yes, of course master, I will do as you command. The school will be no more; and nobody shall be left to oppose us from taking the magic world for ourselves!
When we left to go to Battle tactics, Bakar excitedly told me about what his weapon could do. I got the Healers staff! He said, glowing with happiness. It has a secret chain attached to this spiky ball, and when I hit this button and swing he pushed a little elevation on the staff and swung, and the spiked ball flew off the staff, and slammed through a wall into the bathrooms.
He reddened. Whoops, I hope nobody was in there, that must have beenpant wetting 
We both burst out laughing and ran away from the bathrooms. As we ran off He said, It also enhances my healing abilities! What can yours do?
Well, mine can physically manifest fire and make a flaming whip, But it doesnt look like it enhances any of my abilities. I havent actually tried using it, lets stop for a moment and try it?
We both slowed into a light walk. I imagined pushing energy into the thick wood. Suddenly, the red jewel lit up, and a fiery snake came out of it. I flicked the whip and it flew forward with almost no effort on my part. It wrapped around a lamp post. I yelped and without thinking, yanked on the whip. When I yanked on it, I also dropped the dam that kept my magic inside me. Magic power flowed into the staff, making it glow brightly. The flaming snake pulsed, and the light disappeared. Suddenly, spikes sprouted  all over the snake, and it crushed the post. I yelped. Bakar burst out laughing. Looks like your snake doesnt like it when something is brighter than it is. 
I reddened. Oh be quiet I began.
Hey, do you hear that, Lance? Bakar asked.
Hear whoa! It sounds like a bunch of students are coming! Run! I hissed.


Chapter Six
We both took off sprinting through the corridor. As we ran madly, I noticed that the steps were more even than they should be. 
Hey bakar, that sounds like one person with lots of legs, not a bunch of kids
Its Kennedy! We hissed at the same time.
We skidded to a stop just as Kennedy came out from behind the turn. And what are you two doing? He said, and looked around.
I jumped. Well,umm sorry mister Kennedy, it was a mistake. He looked at me. Well, mistake or not, you leveled up your staff. By pouring energy into your weapon, you make it stronger. 
Bakar, who was listening, chuckled to himself. Then there was a bright flash.
I opened my eyes and saw Bakars staff changed to a silver color. And its Spiky ball was no longer made of stone, but a shiny black metal. Kennedy laughed. It appears you two are ahead of the class. I suppose that is extra credit. Now hurry along to your next class."
We were in such a rush to get to Battle Tactics that we couldnt even talk about what just happened. We got there right on time. We sat down right as the teacher was giving his speech. I am Sir Douglas. I will be your Battle Tactics teacher. In this class, I will teach you how to fight in teams. Now get with your room mates. He said in a deep tone.
Bakar and I went to a corner of the room and waited. Sir Douglas walked around looking at all the groups. When he came to us, he looked at us critically.
Bakar and Lance right? The one missing a roomie? Dont answer that, it was rhetorical. He looked at Bakars weapon. A level 3 huh? Not bad. He looked at mine. A level two? Youre holding Bakar back. Get that leveled up.
 I looked down sheepishly. He continued on checking the other groups. When he finished checking the other groups, he went to the front. This class is not actually taught by me. He said.
It is taught by you. I pair you up to fight as teams, and you train. Dont be the weak link in your team. He continued talking, but I was concentrating on my Ruby staff. I poured all the energy I could into it. After a few minutes, it flashed.
 I looked at it. The ruby had a star engraved on the front, and the staff appeared to be made from gold. I jumped up. Yes! I yelled. 
Sir Douglas looked at me, and frowned. Lance, I see you have leveled up your weapon. To levelfour. That is interesting. You skipped an entire level. Well, since you seem so eager to test it out, you can. Lance and Bakar, come up here. Brent, Gayle, and Drake you too.
 I sputtered. Wait, thats unfair. We only have two people.
Sir Douglas looked at me. You dont get your next roomie for a while, so that sucks for you. And also, you are the only ones with leveled weapons for now. Along with that, life isn't fair. Now get up here. I will put defensive shields around all of you.
 You can fight until I say stop. This will teach you to learn to fight as a team. Now Begin! He said, and backed off the platform.
We circled each other warily. Bakar I said quietly.
Use your Healers staff and take out drake. Ill fight Gayle. Be careful of Brent, I don't know what spells or skills they have."
 All right he muttered. As one we charged. I summoned my fire snake. And whipped it at Gayle. He dodged and threw a net at me. I rolled, but it followed me. I snapped my snake, but I was too slow. Suddenly, a second snake came from the fire stream and bit the net. It melted. Gayle snarled. He waved his hand, and a small demon appeared. "He must have prepared it beforehand." I thought to myself.
I thought back to when Shadow cast the spell that froze the monsters. I shrugged. "Why not?" I said to myself. 
"Why not wha-" Gayle started, but I waved my hand, envisioning him stopping in time. 
The effect wasn't quite what I wanted. He didn't stop in time, he simply got frozen by ice. I snapped my fire whip. Two more heads grew. Level four, four heads. I thought.
Thats about right. I flicked it at him.
Since he couldn't move, the snakes hit him in the neck and destroyed his shield. He was out for the count.
I looked over to bakar, panting. He was fighting Drake as well as he could, but Drake was a second year, and easily beat Bakar before I could help him. I growled. Shadow! in a flash, Shadow was next to me. Get him, if you please I said, in a low voice.
Shadow blew a blast of molten lava, and it surrounded Drake. There was a poof, and a slimy blob flew from the fire. A mimic, Shadow hissed.
I looked around for drake. He was behind Brent. He charged me. I had a brilliant idea. As he threw his magic throwing knifes at me, I sucked all of my snakes heads into one. Then I flicked my one head at drake.
He jumped it, and I had each of the remaining snakes come from the first ones body. They got him in his head and shoulders and destroyed his shield. One left. Before I could do anything, he shot my staff from my hand with some sort of gun. I groaned inside. "Of course he gets the stupid beam gun. I get my shiny staff, and he gets a bloody gun!"
Heh. That was easy. Say goodbye, Lance I backed up, panicking. Then I had one last ditch idea.
I grabbed my laptop from my Energy lake and dropped it. Brent laughed. You cant even hold onto an Energybook. He said, haughtily.
He shot his gun at me. At the same moment, my robot erupted from the ground. Sequence one, terminate attacker! I yelled.
The robot opened its massive mouth, and swallowed the beam. Then it shot out the red bolt that Mr. Leonardo had shot at it. The Bolt fired out and destroyed Brents shield. But he was still awake. He roared. He cast a spell and a black hand flew at me and destroyed my shield. The world swum in front of my eyes. I managed Stop and then fainted.
I woke up a few minutes later. Brents team had won, but we had done very well. Bakar looked at me. Dude! That was Awesome! 
"I saw the whole thing! Yourobotissoocool!" He said, speaking extremely fast. 
"Whoa there, slow down!" I yelled, over his voice. 
He reddened. Oh yes, your robot wont leave. It wants you. I groaned and stood up. I walked over to it. New updates available, and programmer sequence open, upgraded hard drive, now level 3, new abilities, tap to learn. It said, in a metallic voice.
I tapped update, and the robots silver body changed to a darker blue color. Armor increased, Reflect damage, increased, mobility increased. I raised my eyebrows.
I tapped the programmer page. It showed a new command. I said it out loud. Sequence three, Mobility form. The robot changed grew two metallic wings, and its mouth got smaller. If possible, my eyebrows got even higher. I looked at the final page, new abilities, and tapped it. "Usable items: increased: hand, Sword Shield, buy from swordmage a.s.a.p."
I glanced at Sir Douglas. He chuckled and gave me a map with a red X on the dot marked Sword Mage dorms. Class dismissed, he said. See you tomorrow.
I put my robot back to storage, and put it away. Then Bakar and I walked towards the swordmage dorms. As we walked through the halls, people got quiet as we passed. almost like we were something to be feared. When we finally got there, we went to the first instructor we found. You guys new swordmages? he asked in a gruff tone.
No I replied.
Get out of here then. He said, and began a teleport spell.
Wait! I said. My Energybook said I could get a sword and shield here for it. 
He looked at me. So youre the kid with the robot book? All righty then, Ill do it if I can have a look at him." 
I pulled the laptop from the lake and dropped it. The robot took form and the instructor looked over it, and whistled. That is one big robot. Ill start working on it as soon as I can. 
He looked at my robot. After a while, he looked back at us. "I'll make you a sword and shield for it, but it will take a while. In a month, come back, and say Max sent you." He said, and waved us to the door. 
I put the robot back, and we headed to our dorm.
We headed back to our dorm. Today was Awesome! we yelled at exactly the same time. 
We laughed, and I checked the time. I have fifteen minutes before my private lessons. Bakar looked sad. Darn. I was hoping we could talk a little. What time do you get back?
At 7 I replied, also slightly put out.
All right then. He said. 
I lay down on my bed, and set my alarm for 10 minutes. Then, I drew into a fitful sleep.
My eyes opened. I tried to sit up, but found I couldn't move my body. "What in the world...? Hey, Bakar! You here?" I asked.
But no sound came from my mouth. I felt myself being lifted. As I rose, I realized that I was looking down at my body! Again, I tried moving, but could not. I sighed. "Why is it always me?" And allowed myself, (not that I had a choice) to be floated out of the window. 
I flew by at blinding speeds. When I finally stopped, I was standing upright, in a small, darkly lit cave. 
I tried moving again, and found that I could. I turned my head to look around. The place had a small pool, and a mirror, along with a few doors. Suddenly, h heard footsteps, and jumped behind a crook in the wall, and squatted down, to hide.
A small hooded man shuffled in through the door and walked to the mirror. He said a few words, and the mirror flashed, and a voice floated through the mirror. "Have you captured the school yet?" The voice asked, menacingly.
"No master, our spy is proving...difficult. She will not listen to us, and constantly rebels. She thinks That she can withstand us." The hooded man said.
He went to continue, but the voice cut him off. "Not another word! We are being watched." It said. 
I felt a deep presence fall on me. The hooded man turned to me. "It appears a student has been listening to our conversation via dream spell. But, have no worry, I can bind his words." The man waved his hand, and I felt an intense desire to not talk about what I had just heard. 
Suddenly, I heard a ringing. It slowly got louder. Suddenly, my world swam, and I awoke in my bedroom. I jumped up to tell Bakar what had happened, but found my mouth seal shut the second I thought of it. 
Frustrated, I tried again, with the same results. I sighed, thought for a moment. I grabbed a pencil, and tried to write it down, but still, I could not. With a grumble, I headed to Cane's office, with thoughts whirling around in my head.
When I got there, Cane was already waiting for me. About time you got here. He said.
We will start with Bloodbolt, the weakest shadowspell. Now, first, imagine your lake. Now instead of reaching up to it, have it form in your hands. As it forms, imagine it hitting somebody and draining them of blood, making them a dry husk." He said.
I was disgusted, but did as Cane said. It took me  hour but I finally got it. Good He said. 
Now hit that flower. I looked at the flower. 
With a thought of misgiving, I tossed the bolt. It shot forward and hit the flower directly. It shriveled up. Suddenly, a blue bolt shot back at me and hit me in the chest. Instantly, I felt like all my energy was back, like I had been sleeping for days. I grinned. Cane looked at me. The Bloodbolt steals the Energy from your opponent. You must learn to block it with your mind. To do so, you must imagine the lake leaking out on to you, and forming a sphere around you. Then imagine a Bloodbolt hitting it, and disappearing into it."
I did as he said, but I thought Why have it go into it? Why not have it bounce back? so I modified my spell. 
I made the shimmering black, but see trough, shield around me. Suddenly, he tossed a bolt at me. I yelped, but held the shield. It slammed into the shield. Good. Cane started to say, but was cut off when the bolt bounced back at him. 


Chapter Seven
He laughed and sent it into the celling harmlessly. He looked at me. Good work Lance. You are a natural. You just made a spell. Summon your Energybook." He said, with a note of pride. I grabbed my laptop from my lake, and was prepared to drop it. Wait Cane said.
Turn it on. I pressed the power button.
I looked at the desktop. I noticed a few files already installed, like program, hard drive, info, skills, and one other called To: Lance. I was about to open the one titled to me, but Cane said Now open hard drive. I opened it. 
Now touch the black dot at the top of the page. I put my finger on the black dot. Two lines appeared on the page. Lightning Zap: level 2, Blood Reflector: level 4 Cane looked at the screen. Lightning zap? Whats that? He asked, with a small snicker at the lame name.
In response I pointed my fingers at him. Instead of saying the rhyme, I decided to mess around a bit for fun, and imagined red and blue lightning twirling around each other in a vortex. Suddenly, the very same thing launched from my fingers. Cane looked at it and waved his hand. Nothing happened. He backed up and raised a shield. My vortex slammed into it. I yelped and called it off. Cane was still there, but his shield was destroyed. He looked at me. Thats no level two spell. Touch the screen again. I tapped the black dot. 
New spell added -Lightning Vortex: Level 10. Cane looked at my laptop. A new spell? He burst out laughing. 
	I think I should put a little damper on your power, before you destroy the whole school.
He went to the hard drive and opened a folder called Locked he typed in a password and opened a folder called defense mode. He tapped disable and closed it. What did you just do? I asked, annoyed he was messing with my computer. I stopped it from copying other students moves. It was too powerful, and you can't always rely on it. He glanced at a clock Oh my. It appears to be 7 already. Your class is over. Ill see you on Wednesday." He sent me off with a wave and the words, "Dont use lightning vortex on any students!"
A Month passed by, and Bakar and I became best friends, and together we became stronger mages. We quickly worked our ways to the top of most of our classes (other than familiar class, since she hates us, me because I beat  her in battle, and Bakar because of guilty association) we became known as the invincible pair, since we won nearly every battle and studied all night, we would use Bloodbolt (Which I taught Bakar) on plants so we could stay up overnight to study spells, and see if we could make new ones, which we would share with each other.
One day we were exploring the passages of the school, when I leaned on a wall and it fell back. Bakar laughed. Looks like you had a fall in! He said, still laughing.
I punched him. We went in and closed the door. I summoned my Energybook. Its glowing yellow eyes lit up the darkness. We looked around. We were in a massive library. We looked at each other and nearly jumped with joy. This must be ancient! Look at these books! Over hundreds of years old! Bakar cried. 
"Who knows what powerful spells are hidden here!" I said. 
 You know, I could try setting a warp here. Its a new spell I learned. Shall we try? He asked. 
Sure why not. I said, curious to see it. He took a piece of chalk out of his pocket and drew a symbol on the floor. He said some ancient words, and set the warp. "Lets get out of here, or we wont have any sleep tonight". He said.
We were so exited we could barely sleep. The next morning, elements, magic history, combat training, summoning, and familiars passes quickly. When I got to Dark magic class, we were supposed to to make a new spell to pass a test. I mixed my fireball and thunder blast to see what would happen. The result was an accidental summoning of a lightning/fire golem. Needless to say, I passed with 100%. Well, Im just guessing that I passed with 100% because I couldnt hear much over the sound of my golem destroying everything. When I finally calmed it down, it looked like my side of the dorm. Mr. Leonardo looked at me. Im not sure if I should pass you for combining two elements into a golem at novice level, or fail you for destroying my class room. I think Ill pass you, just to keep the rest of my classroom around. Now head off to your next class kids." He said, with a slight chuckle.
When we got to battle tactics, we were told to take this period as a break, because there were sightings of strange creatures near the academy. I spent my free period learning how to work golems, and eager to show bakar. When the break ended, I headed over to my combat training with Bakar. Sir Douglas again, paired us up with Brent and his gang. This time though, we were determined to win, and I had new spells since our next encounter. Are you two ready to kiss the ground? Brent asked, snottily. 
Begin! Roared Sir Douglas.
I jumped at Gayle and Bakar attacked Drake. Gayle growled, and threw his new and improved level 5 net at me. I whipped my staff and it ate the net. I then summoned my fire/lightning golem and sent it at Gayle. He waved his hand, and a metal pole flew at the golem. The golem simply continued walking, and the metal pole passed through it, and came out a melted ball of metal. He started casting a water spell, but he was too late. The golems hand solidified into rock, and crashed into the side of Gayles head and he toppled to the ground. I turned to Bakar and Drake. Bakar was just finishing off Drake with his healers staff. 
I watched as Drake summoned a blast of power, and sent Bakars healing staff flying. I ran to help, but bakar had already done a reverse healing, and the last injury he had returned, which happened to be horrible constipation. He rolled off the stage holding his butt. I turned to Brent in time to see a black bolt flying at my face. I raised my staff just in time. Suddenly there was a flash, and my staff blew into a million pieces.
I growled. That was my only weapon. Youll pay for that. 
I summoned my lightning vortex, despite Canes warning. I surrounded him in it. When I finally released the spell, his shield was destroyed, along with his weapon, clothes, hair, and most of his body was torn up. The only reason he was still alive was a plate of titanium mail that was enchanted. He had apparently stolen it from some of the swordmages.
I returned to my room laughing with Bakar. We got into our dorm and saw a letter on the floor. I walked over to it and looked at it. It was titled To Lance and Bakar I opened it and saw five words, that changed my day, for better or for worse. "Youre getting a new roomie."
We looked at each other. Well, this could be either really awesome or awful Bakar said. What do you mean? I asked, slightly confused. 
Well, first, can he keep up with us? And can we trust him with the library? I gasped. I totally forgot about that! I said, excitement entering my voice. 
Well Bakar said, Our roomie probably wont come for another week. So we will have some time to check out the ancient library. Lets not waste time. 
He invoked his warp spell and we were instantly in the ancient library, this time with a flashlight. We split up to look around. I found a book called Your inner weapon, the one meant for you. Curious I opened it. I started reading. 
Dear reader, much of what you know about magic weapons is wrong. Each weapon is created specifically for one person. They are never destroyed. If they break, the simply appear to the person they were made for. Often times, you will get your weapon from a battle, or rescue. By using the weapon specially crafted for you, you determine its abilities, which Mach your own strength.
The rest of it was torn out. I wondered why anyone would destroy the book, as it didnt seem to have forbidden spells. I continued looking around. A book caught my eye. Morphing and all its power I smiled, and opened the book.
 A few days later, Bakar and I were sitting in our room, discussing the spells we had learned from the library. I found one to transfigure space! Check this out! I said to him.
I waved my arms and pictured a forty foot domed room around us. The ground seemed to swim out from under us. In seconds, we were standing in the dome I had imagined. He looked around. Cool illusion! What book did you get that from? 
None. This is no illusion. I changed the space in our room, without affecting the actual walls of it. I replied. He raised his eyebrows. Is it permanent? Or does it leech your energy? He said, deep in thought. Its permanent. Once made, I dont have to give it any more energy. I said. 
He smiled. Youll have to teach me that one.
I also found an amazing spell I'm still working on mastering. I said. Its called
Before I could finish my sentence there was a knock on the door. Bakar jumped up. It must be our roomie! I forgot! Oh no we didnt clean up yet! He groaned. I smiled, and summoned my robot. Sequence 10. Tornado form the robot started shaking. In moments, it suddenly created a small tornado in its mouth, and sucked all the loose items around the room in. I tossed it back into my Lake. Bakar grinned. Lets go welcome our new buddy. But dont talk about the Library yet.
Together, we bounded up to the door. He reached out and opened it. But behind it was not what we expected. Instead of our expected roomie, there was a girl, about 56 with blond hair and green eyes. She was leather body armor, with metal clad boots.She looked at us. A flash of recognition flew through her eyes, but it disappeared almost instantly. How did you get in this dorm! Its mine! Get out of the girls dorms you perverts! she cried,. I frowned.
 I think you have it wrong. Boys dorms on first 100-400 floors."
She frowned. I dont think so. The headmaster said room 104. 
Yeah, well, this is our room. You should go ask him, maybe you misunderstood him. I said
I didnt misunderstand him. Go ask him! He said room 104! she snapped at us. I sighed. Very well. Stay here Bakar." I said, and walked off to the headmaster's room.
	Hey Lance, dont leave me with this Bakar started.
	I heard the girl mutter a few words, and Bakar yelped as his mouth zipped itself shut.
	I walked a little faster.
I sprinted over to the headmasters office and knocked on the door. He answered. Ahh, Lance! How do you like your new roomie? I frowned. He didnt show up yet. But some girl came and said we were in her room. Did you send her to the wrong room Mr..." I trailed off, realizing I had never learned his name.
He reddened as well, and finished my sentence. "Wyat". He said
Wyat chuckled. No, thats your roomie. She was the only one with power to match you and Bakar in training. Now head back to your room, it is going to be a long day tomorrow.
I jogged slowly back to my dorm, thinking. She was the only one as strong as us? Humph. Ill test that theory. 
I got back to the dorm to find them both staring at me impatiently. I sighed. Yes, this is her dorm.
She jumped up triumphantly. See? I told you guys! Now get out of my room! I laughed darkly.
Not quite. You see, its our dorm too. It appears we are roommates. She growled. Very funny. She said, but was slightly worried. I snickered.
"Not kidding. Here. I tossed her the letter Wyat gave me. She opened it and her face creased. I guess so. You guys better not cause any trouble for me. She grumbled.
	MMMMMPH Bakar said.
	The girl muttered some more words. Bakars mouth unzipped itself. In a flash, He had his healers staff in his hand, and was muttering words. The girl scoffed. Your friend isnt too smart, There is no way he can beat me, I am a top notch mage. But, just to humor him, ill let him try to attack me first.
	I burst out laughing. Big mistake. I said, just as Bakars quiet chant began to increase in volume.
	Healing spell of the dead! Inanimate object revival! Bakar yelled.
	Her leather armor seemed to shift around her body. Suddenly, It constricted. The leather began sinking deeper, wrapping around her body.
	What spell is thimmmph! She said, as a leather strap wrapped around her neck, and mouth.
	Bakar took one look at her, and burst out laughing. You look like a trussed pig. He waved his hand, and the leather returned to its original form.
Bakar snickered. Come this way youre royal highness he said, in a mocking voice. 
She fumed, but entered the room. She looked around. I though the letter said the rooms were small. She muttered under her breath, not intending for us to hear her. 
But since Bakar had invoked a hearing spell, we heard it. They are supposed to. I morphed it with magic. I called over, slightly bragging. 
She laughed. You? No way. You look too weak to do much more than a fireball. She said, snottily. 
I cackled. We have battle tactics tomorrow. Ill show you in a one on one battle.
 Worthless scum! How long does it take you to destroy one puny human magic school? Master, please! Give me time, we have finally gotten a spy past that pesky headmaster. Soon, you can come and destroy them all!" The hooded man said, cowering.
"I do not have time! We have been noticed by the pesky mages, and they are on their guard. The student will soon push off the silence spell, and all will know!" The voice said. "Very well master, I shall speed up the process." The hooded man said, and scurried out the door.


Chapter Eight
The next day passed quickly. When it finally got time for Battle Tactics, I went to Sir Douglas. Sir, instead of fighting Brent today, can I battle my team mate? I asked, and saluted sharply. He looked at me.
Why? He asked disapprovingly. 
"You don't think Brent is a match for you anymore?" He asked.
"No, my new roomie refuses to acknowledge us as equals. I plan to fix that. I said. 
He smiled. Go ahead. All groups need a leader."
Lance! Cynthia! Come up. Sir Douglas boomed. 
So your name is Cynthia? Nice name. I told her and got on the battle platform. 
She just growled. And Begin! sir Douglas called.
I waited for her first move. She threw a weak bolt at me. I smirked. Is that all you have? I asked.
I moved to the side and dodged it. My turn. I said grinning. 
I had wanted to try this spell for a while. I slammed the ground and a cage erupted around her. Then spikes shot up from the ground under her. She barely had enough time to break the bars, and doge it in time. I almost had you! I called over, mockingly.
She glowered. Youre not half bad. I'm taking the kiddie gloves off. She said. 
She launched a wave of magma at me. I smirked. Shadow! in a flash he appeared. Seeing the fire, he jumped up, and shot out his own. They hit in the center of the field, and stopped. I smiled grimly. Shadow nodded and disappeared. I grabbed my robot from my Lake. Time to try a new spell.
 Sequence 9! armor form! I yelled. 
The robot jumped at me and engulfed me. I moved my hand in my suit of robot armor. The action was smooth, like the armor was outer skin. It wasperfect. I looked at her. Youre lucky that I dont have my sword and shield yet. I said.
I jumped forward. I pointed my hands at her and a vortex of lightning launched at her. She paled. A level 10 move? What are you?" she cried, and the lightning covered her. I heard the shield snap. She jumped out of the vortex, in a robot suit of her own. I raised my eyebrows. It looks like I have to finish this fast; my robot is low on charge.
She launched a powerful bolt at me, and I crossed my hands to block it. The bolt slammed into my hands, and I flew into a wall. She smirked through her armor. "Guess you arent as strong as you thought you were, huh?" she asked, mockingly. 
But, her breathing was labored, and she was obliviously tired. Raised her hand, and a black spear appeared in it. "I'm so screwed." I thought to myself.
I dont think so. Dont forget about me Why dont you try this one? The voice rang through my head. I didnt have time to think. Suddenly, A spell that I had found in an ancient book in the library surfaced. I raised my right hand into the air. She jumped forward at me and threw her lance. I summoned my blood shield and sent it back. She dodged it, but it was too late. Lightning Rod the ancient spell shook the arena.
Beams of black lightning shot from my hand and engulfed her. Then the screaming started. Horrified at its power, I stopped it. Cynthia collapsed in a heap on the arena, her armor fried. It melted back into a laptop. I grabbed it and dropped it into my Lake along with my own.
Class dismissed. Sir Douglas said, shaken. I grabbed Cynthia, and Bakar and I walked off to our dorm. He looked at me. That was new. You should update your robot soon. I bet that spell will level it up. He looked at Cynthia, who was now over my shoulder.
Well, I hope that teaches her a lesson. He said, in an attempt to act mean, but it just wasnt for him. We both knew he couldnt stand hurting people that were innocent.
As we walked, chatting, Brent appeared around the bend. Well well, it looks like the two sissies got a girlfriend. The couldnt find two, so they have to share one! He said, snickering at his own joke.
He and his gang laughed, and sauntered off. I growled. If I wasnt holding Cynthia, I would use lightning rod on that jerk.
We got to the room right as Cynthia woke up. She jumped out of my hands and looked around. What happened? she looked at me and paled. 
How? How did you beat me? She said, horrified.
Well, for one, I actually tried. I said. You were holding back. But after my display, do you think you can respect us now? I asked, annoyed. She sighed. I guess I have no choice. My name is Cynthia sixhammer, seven star blackmage. And you?
I am Bakar Lightsword. 6 star healer. Bakar said. 
I am Lance Starfinder, 10 star shadowmage. I said, without thinking. 
They both jumped. I was confused for a moment, but then I remembered what happened. Blast! I never told Bakar! I thought, horrified.
Lance!? Your last name is Starfinder? You said you didnt know your last name! You are the one the prophecy spoke of arent you? Bakar asked, rattling off questions like a chain gun.
I paled. Im sorry Bakar. Harvester told me I had to keep it secret. Please dont tell anyone Cynthia looked at us.
 Again, something like recognition flashed through her eyes, and she moved towards me. She stopped middstep. Something tells me this year will be quite interesting. She said, and turned around.
After an hour of pleading with Bakar, he finally forgave me. I decided to record my new spell on my laptop and check its status. I grabbed it out of the Lake and opened it. I tapped the black dot and transferred my Lightning Rod spell into it. I looked at its description. Level 50! That was something. That spell is powerful; I could have killed Cynthia with it. I had best not use it on anybody I know. I thought.
Cynthia reached for something, and panicked. What's wrong? Bakar asked. 
My laptop! Its not in my lake! She said, horrified.
I couldn't help it, I snickered, remembering I had it. She glared at me. What's so funny? She asked.
What would you give me if I found it for you? I asked, holding back a grin. 
A slap in the face for not giving it to me already. She said. 
I laughed and pulled the laptop from my Lake to give it to her. True to her word, she slapped me in the face. Bakar burst out laughing. He laughed so hard, he had to sit down on his bed to stop himself from falling over. I glowered at him, and threw a mage bolt at him. He batted it away easily, but in the process, knocked something off the wall. I bent over to pick it up, and saw that it was a calendar. There was a date circled in red, today. Suddenly, I remembered. Bakar! Today is a month from when we talked to Max! I can get my stuff now! I said, practically hopping. He grinned. Lets go!
Bakar and I turned to leave the room. Wait! Cynthia said, hesitantly.
We turned around. Can I come with you guys? I looked at Bakar and grinned. Bakar raised his eyebrows suggestively at her. She reddened. Its not because I like you two!... its becausebecauseI want to see if that guy will make my robot weapons too! Yeah thats it! Bakar chuckled. 
Thats fine, we can ask him to do it for you. You dont have to come Bakar said, goading her.
She frowned. He cant make the measurements without me can he? She asked, seeming slightly worried.
We burst out laughing.
You can come with us Cynthia. I said, still laughing
She looked at me appreciatively. Bakar raised his eyebrows even higher.
Lance and Cy- Was all he got out before a long black scythe was hovering in front of his neck. 
He looked down the shaft, into Cynthias eyes. Would you like to continue? Cynthia said, smugly. 
He shook his head as much as he dared. Im fine thank you. He said.
We headed off to meet Max.
A month passed. All three of us had gotten very close. Bakar and I decided to tell Cynthia about the secret library. So after classes on a Friday, when we were all in our room we went over to her. Hey Cynthia. I said, still wondering how she would take it.
Hey Lance. Whassup? She asked, completely different from when we had met her the first time.
Bakar and I have decided to show you how we became so powerful. But you cant tell anyone. Understand? I said.
 A huge grin came over her face. I was wondering how you guys got so strong! Lets go! She said, and jumped out of bed. 
Bakar burst out laughing. What? she asked annoyed. 
Between laughs Bakar managed out, We can gobut you might want to switch your nightgown to some real clothes. He said.
Some people might wonder what is going on. He continued.
She reddened and ran into the bathroom. A few minutes later, she emerged wearing a tee and shorts. Still laughing, Bakar invoked the teleport spell.
Master. We have sent Abel to deal with that meddling mage that discovered our agent and terminated her. The hooded man said, unhappy. 
Good. How much longer? The evil voice asked, obliviously not pleased, but not mad either.
Not much. My guess is a few months. The hooded man said.
After we showed Cynthia the library, she wouldnt leave it for anything, but for classes. It only took her a few weeks to catch up to us. But I was studying too. Midterms were coming up, and something foreboding was happening. There were constant sightings of monsters, and students were disappearing. We also heard that our Familiar teacher was replaced by another teacher called Mr. Sarong. We never got to see him, since I was kicked out of the class along with Bakar for already having powerful familiars.
I spent all of my time studying for the tests, and wouldnt do anything other than that on the week days. On the weekends, I would stay in the library all day on Saturday, and train in battle with my robot and Shadow on Sunday.
Soon it became time for the midterms. On the day of midterms, we walked into the auditorium for instructions on our midterms. A teacher walked up to us. The teaching body is very well aware of your outstanding abilities, so your midterm exam will be more dangerous than anybody elses. It will Be life and death. You must stay in the wild for 2 days with ring two and three monsters. The teacher said.
We looked at each other. No problem. An hour later,  we went out into the wilderness. The first thing we did was look for a camp ground. After an hour of searching, we finally find a suitable campground. It was a small clearing, with densely packed trees around it. But, the trees were so densely packed; it would be trouble to escape if we were attacked. Next, we decided to go look for something to eat.
Suddenly, I had a great idea. Hey guys. I have an idea. I can use a spell I thought of to link our minds! Then we can talk telepathically. Im not sure it will work though. It has never been attempted. And also, if you have any thoughts that should be kept secret, they will be shared, until you learn to shield your thoughts. Shall we try? I asked. 
Sure Bakar said, enthusiastically. Cynthia looked worried, but Bakar had already said yes, so she didnt really have a choice. All rightI guess. I took a breath, and cast it. Did it work? Cynthia asked, still worried. I thought Yes as hard as I could at her, but she didnt seem to get the message.
 I guess not I said, put out. 
 She sighed, with what looked like relief. I sat down to think on what went wrong. Thank my lucky stars that didnt work! If it did, Lance everything on my feelings, and how much I like him! I jumped startled.
 That sounded likeCynthia. I looked at Bakar. He started smiling. Is that so? Bakars voice sounded in my head.
 	Cynthia jumped. It worked?? this time, instead of shoving my thought at her, I just opened a gate in my head. Yep
Cynthia turned beet red. I better not hear any teasing about this you two Bakar snickered You wish She likes me too? Thats just plain awesome! I wonder if this place magically makes your dreams come true oh crud Did I close the gate? I thought to myself
Bakar was rolling on the ground laughing. Apparently not. I sighed.
Cynthia got even redder, and I was probably just as red as she was. It looks like you arent quite as smart as you think you are! Bakar said, laughing. All right love birds, thats enough. We need food. Split up. Bakar thought at us.
 	He jogged off to the north. I flashed Cynthia a smile and jogged off in the opposite direction.
An hour later, we all returned to our campsite. I had caught a deer, and Bakar had a few strawberries. Cynthia snagged a monster that attacked her, but we didnt know if we could eat it. I looked at the monsters long claws. I grabbed one of them and pulled it off. It was about six inches. As an experiment, I cut off part of a tree with a spell. Then I imagined the claw and the wood melding together, the wood becoming condensed into a handle, and the claw flattening and becoming more curved, and sharp. In a few seconds I had a knife. It had a plain wooden hilt, with an equally plain blade. It didnt seem like anything special. Then I imagined lightning flowing into the knife. It crackled with power, and runes covered it. I grinned. Looks like swordmage arent the only ones that can make weapons. I said, triumphantly.
I tossed the dagger to Cynthia. She looked at it. Whats this? she asked. 
Throw it at a tree I said. 
She shrugged and chucked at the nearest tree. It flashed and disappeared. She frowned. Not too effective. She said. 
I grinned. Look behind the tree. I said.
She walked behind the tree. Sure enough, the knife was there. She looked at the tree. Where is the cut? She asked.
 I laughed. Whats so funny, Lance? she asked, annoyed. 
Poke the tree. I said. 
She poked it, and it fell into a million pieces. She jumped. Its that fast? She asked, amazed.
Apparently it is. I said.
 I pulled another two claws off the monster, and made a knife for Bakar and Myself. Thanks bro Bakar said.
Its late guys. We should get some sleep huh? Bakar sighed. 
I guess so. Well, summon the tent lance. He said.
I muttered the spell and the tent appeared. We all packed into it. Dang it. This tent is too small. We are all smushed up; but we cant sleep outside because monsters can attack us without wards. Well, we will have to use this for one night. Ill fix it in the morning. I said. I wouldnt mind that too much came the thought from Cynthia.
 She reddened remembering the telepathic connection. She closed her gate. One word equals one finger. She said. 
Bakar barely held in a laugh as he set the wards on the tent. When they were all set, we went to sleep.
We woke up early in the morning. We got out of the tent, and I dispelled it. We looked at each other. What now? asked Bakar. 
Well, lets go look around the woods. We have a day left. Said Cynthia. 
Why not I shrugged.
We walked off, to look around the woods.
As we walked, we heard the sound of battle. We looked at each other. Its probably just some monsters Cynthia said, but sounded unsure. 
Lets go look I said. 
We ran towards the sounds. When we got there, there was a man with a staff, fighting the largest monster I had ever seen. I stood frozen, watching the epic battle. Cmon guys! We have to help him! Bakar yelled, and jumped into the fray.


Chapter Nine
 I followed immediately. The man launched bolts of lightning and dark at the monster. But it did nothing. Lightning Rod I roared. 
The black energy slammed into the huge monster, but all it did was annoy it. The monster is a black demon! 9th ring! You have to kill it with holy lightning! the man yelled. 
Bakar looked at him. He took out the knife I gave him. He chanted a blessing spell on the knife and tossed it. 
It flashed, and seconds later, it was behind the monster. The monster looked at is. Suddenly, its black armor fell down, cut into pieces. You will pay for that. My name is Abel. Remember it. Abel slammed his hand on the ground. I flew back twenty feet and slammed through a tree. 
Mmmph I groaned. I slowly got up just in time to see Abel standing above the man. He raised his pitch black sword. No! he looked at me and smiled. Then the sword fell.
We all sprinted at Abel. He laughed and shot out another shockwave. We will finish this fight later weaklings. My master calls me.  He waved his hand, and a black mist surrounded him.
When it faded away, he was gone. I groaned. I looked over to Cynthia and Bakar. What just happened? the man said, and groaned.
Hes still alive! I yelled, elated.
We jumped up and ran over to him. Listenyou must findHeadmaster . WyatBring thistohim I took the staff he was holding out. 
We will do it. I said.
He looked at me and smiled. GoodThen my mission iscomplete. Tell my brother it is time for you to visit the World. The man closed his eyes.
I shook him. Wait! I have too many questions! Who are you? What is your name? I cried.
Cynthia looked at me, and sadly shook her head. He is already dead. She said quietly.
We buried the man with the pieces of Abels armor on top of his grave. We walked quietly back to our campsite. I plopped down and looked at the staff he gave me. It was tall, engraved with pictures of roses. The staff appeared to be made out of a mixture of wood and metal. At the top there was a rose so black, it seemed to suck in all the light around it.
We camped out in the woods, just sitting there quietly. The day passed slowly. I just sat there sadly. There was a flash, and Shadow appeared. Whoa! I didnt summon you! How are you here? I thought to him. 
I can appear whenever I want, I do not require your summons. He thought back. You are sad that you could not save the man? He said, like a statement, not a question.  Yes, Shadow, Im too weak! I need to get more powerful. None of the spells I found work. I thought to him, sadly.
Shadow looked at me. I know one very potent one. You have all you need. Beware. Once done, it can never be undone. Will you do it for power? He asked, but his tone was sad. 
I thought for a moment. Very well, Shadow. I shall summon you tomorrow to do it, but only if I decide it is safe. I said, hesitantly.
When the day ended, we headed back to the school sadly. The other groups were already there, and we were the last. Did you wusses get lost? Brent asked, mockingly.
 Shut up Cynthia snapped. 
With a wave, Bakar trapped him against the wall with bands of light. We walked to the headmasters office without more interruption. I went inside and Bakar and Cynthia stayed outside. The headmaster was happily whistling at his desk. Why, hello Lance! Im glad you all survived! He said in an upbeat tone.
I survived, but not all of us did. I said, looking down.
 Wyat looked horrified. Who was it? I was sure you all were ready for circle 3 monsters. He said, his upbeat tone gone, and he was now pacing the room with wet eyes.
 It wasnt one of us Headmaster. And it was to a circle 9 monster. I said, with a dark expression crossing my face as I thought back to the fight with Abel.
He paled. A level nine? Those woods shouldnt have any of such! Well, Luckily, my brother is coming for a visit, and he is a strong mage. He has a place in the Mage Council. He can easily defeat some level nine monster. In fact, he is late. He should have been here yesterday. He said, getting slightly happier.
I felt like I had swallowed a rock.  I started shaking a little. Headmaster? I asked, shaking. 
Yes Lance? Wyat answered, noticing my shaking, paled even more.
Did your brother have blond hair, deep blue eyes, and a staff with a pitch black rose on it? I asked. 
Wyat paled.  In fact he did. The Rose staff was his prize possession. Nobody knows what it does. How do you know him? He asked, but, he just wanted confirmation. He already knew. I started crying. I tried not to, but I couldnt hold it in.
 Headmasteras I said, none of us died. I said, through my tears, tears shed for the man I had never known. I held up the Rose staff. But he did.
I thought back to his last moments.  He also told me to tell you that it is time to show me the World. I said, remembering his words.
Wyat was stunned. He sat down numbly in his chair. He didnt move for a few minutes. Finally, he got up. Very well. You have a day to pack your stuff with your unit. I will be sending you to the World of Magic, or Terra, tomorrow.You will stay there for some time, learning the ways of the Magic World. 
I went back to my dorm to find Cynthia and Bakar waiting for me. I told them what was happening. That means we will need all the magic items we can get. Modern technology does not work in the World. Its still in medieval times. And the best part, no matter how long we are in the World, when we return here, and no time will have passed. Bakar said, looking up from his book.
We packed all the stuff we would need, including dry food and some books from the ancient library. Then we went to sleep. In the morning, I woke up, and went to wake up my roomies. After we had breakfast, we got into our leather armor/clothes and headed over to Wyat. When we got there, he didnt say anything. He just waved his hand and the world swam. 
I opened my eyes to see I was standing in a medieval village with my friends. What now? Bakar asked. 
Well, I should think that we should look for a place to stay. I said. 
Why dont we go ask around and see if there is a mayor? we walked over to a man who seemed to know what he was doing.
 Excuse me sir, do you know where we can find the mayor? I asked.
 Of course sonny. Hes in the big building on your left. The man said, turned and walked away. 
We went off in the buildings direction. I turned to thank the man, but when I turned around, he was gone. I frowned, be we kept going.
I knocked on the mayors door. After a minute a short man opened it. Who are you? Do you have an appointment with the mayor? The short man asked.
Thinking quickly, I replied Yes. We recently came here, via friends request, and we are required to see him. I said, and crossed my fingers. 
The little man frowned, but took us into the house.
We entered the mayors room. Who are you? the mayor asked, suspiciously.
We need lodging. I said. 
We are mages, and we can earn our keep. I continued.
Do you have money? he asked.
 No but I said, feeling the situation slipping out of hand.
Then get out. He said.
Isnt there any way we can work to earn our keep? Bakar asked. 
He thought for a moment. Our village is constantly raided by bandits. If you get rid of them, you can stay. Deal? he asked, with a devilish look. 
I smiled. No problem. Deal.
We went to the small hut that we had been given. Gee, I would think that the mayor would give us a house big enough for three people. Bakar said. 
After all, we are killing off some bandits. I frowned. Speaking about the bandits, doesnt it seem a little weird? I saw the villages barracks, and they are full. So what is it with these bandits that they need 3 mages help with? I said, thoughtfully.
We decided to ask a normal villager about it. We walked up to a blond lady carrying a baby. Excuse me? Cynthia asked.
She turned around. We heard some gossip about bandits. We are rather new here and dont know much about whats going on. Could you tell us a little about them? Bakar continued.
The bandits are pure evil! She cried. They use their dark magic armor and weapons and wreak havoc upon our village! They have no mercy! She screamed. 
She continued rambling on about how evil they were.
We slowly backed off and returned to our hut. I knew it! The bandits are mages! I snapped. That mayor is trying to get us killed! Bakar cried.
We stayed in the small cabin for a few days, thinking of strategies to beat the bandits. We decided on a surprise attack. We had the soldiers train to do as we said. We also had the patrol alert us every time something fishy was spotted. The night came, and with it the cry of The bandits are coming! Get to the underground cellars! 
There is the signal! Cynthia whispered.
 Bakar teleported us a few hundred feet behind the bandits. I summoned my robot into armor mode. But this time, I had my sword and shield. Bakar cloaked himself with a shielding light which reflected any damage he took onto enemies. (He learned the spell from ancient libraries. Cynthia summoned skull armor around herself. And then, we charged.
I headed for the nearest one, while Bakar went to my left and Cynthia went to the right. I jumped on his back. I slammed the sword down. There was a shriek as metal grated on metal, and as it launched off his chest gear with a wash of sparks. It barely dented his armor. Enemies coming from the back! the man yelled.
 The bandits turned around and started running towards us. The man slowly stood up. He turned to look at me. I noticed his brightly shining white armor. Thats weird that lady said they had black armor, not white armor I thought. 
I raised my weapon and infused it with lightning. I looked for weak spots in his armor. The armor was well made, though and I only saw weak spots in his under arms, and neck. I went for the ones under his arms.
 My sword whistled upwards towards the gap. But suddenly, there was a sword in the way of mine. It shone brightly, like a star. I jumped back and shed my armor. I couldnt win this fight with a sword. I raised my hand, and summoned a volley of fireballs. I launched them at the bandit. He easily batted them away. I sighed. With another wave, a wall of thorns erupted from under him.  He laughed That isnt very effective young one. Now why dont you put me down so we can talk? He asked, in a kind, deep voice. 
I frowned. His voice was kind. He didnt seem evil. Suddenly, the rose vines erupted in long thorns, about 3 inches in length. If not for his armor he would be dead. The rest of the bandits finally reached us.
Stop one of them cried.
 We are not who you think we are! He yelled.
That village follows an evil pact. We are the holy paladins of this land; do not force us to fight you! We answer to only God, our lord almighty. Please, release our warriors. Then we shall talk. The man said.
I looked to Bakar and Cynthia. They shrugged. Why not? The town said they had black armor, but these guys wear white. Cynthia said.
 I summoned back my thorns.
The man they had been holding stumbled and fell. One of his companions came and took him back to the crowd of paladins. The man who seemed to be their leader stepped forward. My name is Myron. I am the leader of the paladins. He said.
Our order has vowed to help protect those who need protection and to cleanse as much evil as possible from this land. That village is a cover. In truth, that is a monster stronghold we have been trying to terminate for months. Myron said. 
Really? I asked, feeling stupid.
 I waved my hand with a dispel illusion and the small village faded away. In its place was a massive gray castle. It was covered with moss and seemed quite run down. But, you could see tiny forms on it. And they were not human. 
Over the night, the paladins and my unit planned on how we would take down the monster town. We decided that the paladins would distract the castle while we sneaked into it while the monsters attention was on the paladins.


Chapter Ten
The next morning, we went with the paladins to attack the castle. They went to the front, while we went to the far back gates. The second we heard screaming and sounds of battle, we sneaked into the castle. This looks completely different from the village. Bakar said
We dont know where anything is now. He continued.
Well, we will just have to look around I said and sighed.
 We wandered around the castle, looking for the mayor. As we turned a corner, we bumped into a circle 1 demon. I waved my hand and vines shot forward and filled its mouth. Then they turned into rose thorns and it died. Dude, we could have mesmerized it into giving us information! Bakar muttered, slightly disgusted.
Good idea. I won't kill the next one. I answered him.
 We stumbled upon several ones that knew nothing, which I silenced. After about an hour of searching, we found one that knew where the mayor was. After it spilled the beans, Cynthia stabbed it through the heart with a solid ice crystal. We headed over to the mayors room.
We entered, and he was sitting in his chair, waiting for us. He was no longer a short portly man, but a tall demon, with black fur and a dogs head, complete with muzzle. His arms ended in long claws and his eyes glow red. It appears that the paladins showed you the truth. What an annoying bunch! Well, now it seems that your usefulness has worn out. Prepare to die! It said in a grating voice, and lunged at us.
He was like a flash, one moment we saw him, the next we didnt. Hes fast I thought
I shot some vines toward him, but he just shot fire from his nose and burned them. Lightning Rod! I called
But, just like the rest of my spells, he just shrugged it off. I looked over to see how Bakar and Cynthia were doing. Cynthia was out cold, and Bakar was healing her. I looked around to find the source of their injury, and saw 10 minions stream into the room. Wellcrud I thought to myself.
I looked around the room, looking for something to give me an advantage. I glanced up, and saw a glowing mass ofsomething. It looked a bit like crystal. The large monster saw me notice it and growled. It launched at me, and it was even harder to defend myself now. I knew that to beat him, I had to take out that crystal.
 I summoned a dummy in front of me and jumped back. The monsters claws ripped through my lifelike dummy. Gre he he
Nobody can stand in our masters way. Not even the chosen one. It said.
 At that time, I jumped out from behind my dummy, and launched a flaming lance into it. The monsters paled. Slowly, the crystal shattered. And I watched as it all came crashing down; right on the monsters head. The castle started shaking. Lets get out of here I told Bakar.

 Together, we grabbed Cynthia and hightailed it out as fast as we could. We sprinted out of the castle as it fell down around us. Huge chunks of gray stone tumbled down, and the once mighty castle slowly became a large pile of rubble. We jogged over to the paladins camp. Myron saw us coming. You guys did it! And your only loss was one partner. I am sorry about that. He said.
A partner? I asked.
I looked at bakar. He laughed. No, Cynthia is not dead. She just got poisoned. She is just sleeping it off. He said.
Myron raised his eyebrows. You beat such a strong monster with no losses? You must be extremely powerful! he said.
 I just smiled, and said nothing. Hey Lance, shouldnt we be getting back to Earth soon? We have been here for a little while. I would like to sleep in a nice, warm bed tonight if possible. Bakar said.
Good idea. I nodded. I turned to Myron. Do you have anything that can teleport us between worlds? I asked him.
Of course I do! Warpers are everywhere! Myron said. He tossed me a metal box with a small red button on it. Touch that and think of where you want to be he said.
"But, remember, no time will pass on earth while you are gone. You might as well stay here and rest for a little." He said, with a little hope in his voice.
Bakar shrugged. "Why not?" He said
Myron led us to a towering city made of what appeared to be marble. As we got closer, I could see that the gates had two guardhouses, and it seemed to be studded with holes. Myron noticed my confused look at the holes. "The holes are for archers, in case we are under siege." He said, answering my silent question.
I nodded, and we continued into the city. The streets were bustling with merchants, and a fair share of guards. He led us to a inn, where he just waved to the innkeeper, and the innkeeper tossed him a key.
He took us up to a room, and passed me the key. "You can stay here for as long as you want. In fact, you can move in, until you get a house here, or return to Earth. You may want some adventure, or pay, while you are here, so feel free to take any job you like. Just, before you leave, please tell me first, so I don't get worried." He said, with a slight smile.
I nodded at him, and he left the room.
"Hey, this room has two beds." Bakar noticed. 
"I guess we will share one, and Cynthia will get her own." I said, and promptly collapsed on the bed, and fell asleep.
When I woke up in the morning, I saw that both Bakar and Cynthia were up and ready to go. I got out of bed, and we headed out of the room, to the inns lobby. We ordered a breakfast, which consisted of mostly a stale piece of bread, and some soup. 
It used up the last of our coin to buy it. "Hey, Lance, if we intend to stay here, we are going to need some more money." Bakar said.
"We might want to start looking for a job, maybe for one of the merchants?" He continued.
As we spoke on what we could do for some money, a hooded figure swept by our table, and dropped a small note on it. I
Gestured towards it.
Cynthia and Bakar looked over to it, and back to me. "Should we open it?" Cynthia asked.
I shrugged. "Why not?" I said. 
I grabbed the piece of paper, and we returned to our room. I sat down, and unfolded the paper.
"I happened to notice you needed money. I need guards, and I will pay. If you accept this offer, meet me at the Flying Crane at 1."
We read over the note again. "That guy looked rather...suspicious. Are you sure we can trust him?" Bakar asked.
I shrugged. "We don't have a choice. We need money, and we need it fast." I said, resigning myself.
At about 11, we went out to find the Flying Crane. We found the building in a rundown part of town. It didn't really look like much, and definitely the place where you would find thieves and cutthroats.
We went in, and sat down at one of the tables. We didn't have to wait long. About half an hour before the man was supposed to arrive, he swept into the inn. He glanced around it, and spotted us. He walked over to our table, and sat down.
"So, as you could tell from my letter, I need guards for my caravan. There are many thieves on the road I take, and most men do not risk the danger. I will pay you a gold piece each and an extra one every time you fend off a danger." He said, quietly.
Bakars eyes were round. He leaned over to me. "A gold piece is the amount that castle guards are paid. This man is either extremely rich, or he travels a road of certain death." He said.
"Do you guys think this is worth the risk?" I whispered to them.
Cynthia nodded without hesitation. Bakar thought for a moment, and then nodded slowly as well.
I looked to the man. "We will take it." I said.
The man nodded. "I will see you here tomorrow, at this time. Do not keep me waiting." He said, and left the inn.
The next day, we returned to the inn, to find a long train of wagons, and about twenty people, along with the hooded man, waiting for us. He waved us into one of the wagons. The second we were in, the train started moving along the road. 
The hours passed slowly, and we started passing the time by summoning small concentrated balls of magic, and skipping them out of the wagon. As we were throwing them, there was a yelp from the trees. Bakar reddened. "Whoops, I didn't mean to hit anything." He said.
That pretty much put a stop to that game for us. A little later, the wagons stopped, and people started getting out of the wagons. We got out of the wagons, and watched as the people set up camp. The hooded man came over to us. "Tonight will probably be when they attack us. Be prepared for them." He said, and walked away.
I looked over to Bakar and Cynthia, and frowned. They shrugged, and we started preparing traps. Just after we finished laying the traps, an unearthly scream pierced the relative quiet. I dropped into a fighting stance, and stared into the night.
There was a loud bang, and a startled yelp. I grinned darkly. It looks like the traps are working. There were a few more bangs, and then all was silent. Suddenly, in front of me, there was a flash of red, and what looked to be a mixture of a dog, and human. It had red eyes, and deep brown fur. 
I launched a small fireball, and I sent it back into the black, where it activated a trap, and went silent.
I went through doggy after doggy. These things seemed to have no end. My manna reserves were getting low, and it didn't look like I would last much longer. Finally, I used my last resort trap. I waved my hand, and muttered the activation word. There was absolute silence. Suddenly, all of the animals in the clearing, (horses, dogs and pets, and the dog things) keeled over.
The battle was over. The hooded man stormed over to us. "You got rid of the darn beasts, along with mine! You just cost me almost three gold coins!" He roared.
"I'm not sure if I should be mad with you for killing my livestock, or happy that you killed the beasts." He said.
I grinned "Luckily, I'll go with the second option. All of these animals are asleep, so I suggest we kill the cute dogs before they kill us" I said.
The hooded merchant grinned, and flipped me three gold coins, which I distributed between my little party. He walked off to his animals.
I sighed. It looked like we would have to clean up this rabble ourselves. I nodded to Cynthia and Bakar, and we started cutting the dogs heads off. As I cut one off, I noticed a bulge in its paw. I cut it with my blade, and a ring, that appeared to have a band of diamond, and a studding of black gems all around its circumference, tumbled out. 
I grinned, and called Cynthia and Bakar over. I showed them the ring. "It looks like it will be worth the effort to kill these things." Bakar said with a grin.
When we had looted all of the dogs, we went back to the train of wagons. The merchant grinned at me. "Like what you found? Well, I'll leave your party alone in a wagon, with your spoils. It looks like we got the misfortune or maybe fortune for you, to attract all of these...things. There is a massive bounty on one of their trinkets, the one worn by their king. Have fun" he said, passed me a slip of paper, and left.
I sat down next to Cynthia and Bakar. I showed them the note. The picture was of a wristband, made of the darkest metal I had ever seen, and a snake winding around it that looked it was made with pure fire. It had a snake's skull, instead of a head on it. The caption said it was worth forty million gold coins.
I read over the price, and did a double take. That money would make a king. I glanced to Cynthia and Bakar. They nodded, and emptied their loot on the table. Immediately, I saw it. Involuntarily, my hand snaked out and grabbed it. It carried an immense power. But the power was not power of good. It felt malevolent, like it had a mind of its own. 
"This is too powerful to be given away. One of us needs to take it, and keep it safe until we can give it to the headmaster." I said.
Bakar and Cynthia nodded, and exchanged a glance. They both pointed at me. "You want me to take it?" I asked, surprised. They nodded.
"You are best suited for it. And, you are a shadowmage, so it won't work for me." Bakar said. 
I glanced at Cynthia, and she nodded. Hesitantly, I slipped the band onto my wrist. I felt a massive power enter me, and the snake on the band seemed to move. I shuddered, but kept it on. 
We went through all of the trinkets, sorting through the trinkets, deciding what we would keep, and what we would sell or give away.
Bakar picked out a ring that was made from some type of white metal, that seemed to radiate good feelings. Cynthia took a jade necklace that seemed to enhance fire spells. I saw the ring that I had first found, but decided to leave it in the pile.
When we finished sorting through them, we lay down, and slept for the rest of the way to the city. In fact, the merchant was in and out of the city in a flash, and we only woke up half way back to the white gated Paladin town. We sat on the wagon, and watched the world go by as the train rolled along the path. as the trees around the path thinned out, we soon reached a crossroad. Hey!, This crossroad is not too far from the city! We are almost there! All we have left, is to take the right hand path, and about ten minutes worth of sitting. Bakar said, excited.
But, as we watched, the wagon turned onto the left hand path. I frowned. Bakar, are you sure it is the right hand path? I asked.
He nodded. Definitely. They must be making a mistake, we should go tell them. He said.
Cynthia nodded, and cast a speed spell. We jumped out of the back wagon, and sprinted forwards, to the first one. About three quarters of the way there, Cynthia started puffing hard. I can't keep this spell up much longer. She said through clenched teeth.
I nodded, and cast a endurance spell. Immediately, Cynthia perked up and continued the spell. But, I took all of her exhaustion. I couldn't hold this up much longer. Just when it seemed like I would have to drop the spell, we reached the front wagon.
We hopped into it. We bumped into the hooded merchant. What in the world are you doing? He cried.
You are heading away from the Paladin village. Bakar explained.
The merchant growled. No, I am headed in the right direction. He snapped.
Bakar took a map out of his pocket. He unrolled it, and pointed at a location. We are here. He said.
He put his finger on another spot a few inches away from the first. We should be here.
He explained. The merchant sighed. You guys couldn't just make this easy, could you? You to go and complicate it. He said, and whistled through his teeth. 
A bunch of the passengers we had seen earlier on the train burst through the back door of the wagon. But, now they were armed with shabby, but well-made swords and spears. Surrender all of your belongings to me, and Ill drop you off here. Dont, and Ill leave what Ill do to you to your imagination. He said with a dark grin.
And don't even bother trying to fight. We happen to have some Magic dampening charms, so you wont have any edge on us. So, you have no choice! Now put your hands in the air, and We won't have to kill you. He said.
I looked at Bakar and Cynthia. After a brief moment of eye contact, we all burst out laughing. The merchant looked disgruntled. Whats so funny? You guys think you can beat a trained crew without magic? Hah! Well show you! He roared, and charged at us.
I reached for magic, but found I couldnt feel it. Blast it! I muttered.
From the looks on Bakar and Cynthias faces, they were having the same problem. I dropped into a fighting stance, and prepared to fight hand to hand. The bandits spread out around us, and two of them charged at me, while the others went for Bakar and Cynthia.
The first bandit swung a sword at me. I ducked under his swing, and my hand flew up, and the sword flew from his hands. I thought about grabbing it from the floor, but since I had no skill with swords, there wasn't much of a point.
The second bandit came at me with a spear. Now that was something more useful. He grinned at me. He seemed a little too confident for normal. His hands blurred, and his spear went from in his hands, to into me. I staggered, and reached for the spear. Right below my heart, almost certainly fatal. My fingers groped weakly at the wound. I swayed, and then blackness overtook me.
But, the blackness wasnt normal. As I felt my life fading from my body, I heard a voice from far away.
Not yet, Child, there is more for you to accomplish. This shall be the only time I do this for you. Now, rest, and know that God is with you. The voice boomed, and then all was truly dark.
The ground was bouncing beneath me. I groaned, and rolled over. My hand was too heavy for normal. I glanced at it, and saw a black band with a snake. Everything that had happened rushed back to me, and I jumped to my feet.
I was in one of the train wagons. I listened closely, and I heard two voices talking in the wagon in front of me. I ran into it, and saw Bakar and Cynthia. Lance! How are you standing? How did you do that? Bakar cried.
What are you talking about? And where are the bandits? I asked, bewildered.
The bandits are dead Lance, you killed them, dont you remember? Cynthia inquired.
I didnt kill anyone! I remember getting stabbed with a spear, some voice talking to me, and I fell over, The best that could've happened was I somehow managed to survive! I pointed out.
You fell over? What are you talking about? I saw you... Cynthia started.
Cynthia, there might be a reason he cant remember what happened. Let him alone, when it is time, he will probably learn it on his own. Bakar said, cutting her off in mid-sentence.
She opened her mouth, and then closed it. She nodded stiffly. Hey, He Is here you know! I snapped, annoyed that they were talking about me like I wasnt even there.
Cynthia raised her hands in a pacifying motion. Whoa, calm down Lance! She said, and backed up a little.
Fine, just dont do that again I said.
Where are we, anyway? I asked.
We are on the way back to the Paladin village. Its only another hour or so. Bakar said.
These bandits, were actually slave traders. They intended to use us as bodyguards for the beasts, and then take us to sell in the slave markets. Cynthia said with disgust.
But, they had a lot of gold, so were set for life here. Bakar said in an more upbeat tone.
How much gold could some slavers have?
Bakar laughed darkly. Oh, they weren't any ordinary slavers. The main slaver had a large bounty on his head. His name was Markovitch, and he was worth almost the same amount as that band of yours. He appears to have already targeted almost ten noble children, and quite a few peasants. Bakar said.
How do you know? I asked.
As answer, he held up a bounty paper. I glanced at it. No wonder he wore that hooded cloak, he had scars through his mouth, and he looked like a zombie. I shuddered.


Chapter Eleven
The rest of the ride passed quietly. We soon reached the gates of the Paladin village. Again, I marveled at the pure white arches, and the massive buildings. You there! Halt, By the order of the Kings Guard! Came the gruff voice from one of the guards. We stopped, and let them in. 
Alright, you know the procedure. Markovitch is on the loose, and we have to check every wagon train for him. The guard said.
I heard Bakar burst out laughing. Looking for Markovitch? Well, you found him. He is in the back wagon. He said, with mirth in his voice.
The guard jumped up, and his sword was sheathed in holy light. What do you mean? He roared.
Just go check. Bakar said.
But, I hope you arent scared of blood. Cynthia finished for him.
The guard called over two other guards, and they crept slowly into the back wagon. There was a brief pause, and then a manly scream of terror. I almost laughed. The guards went running out of the wagon, only to throw a piece of paper at us, before waving us along the road, towards the Kings palace.
Well, that was fast. Cynthia said.
We burst out laughing. They rushed our wagon train through the gates, with just a few shouted words. The wagon train rumbled up the pathway until it reached a magnificent wall. 
In front of the wall, there were two guards. I looked up. The wall was over three times our wagon stacked on itself. There were four layers of walls, getting each taller in the last. In the very center, there were massive spires coming up from what was most likely a castle.
The guards ushered us into The first wall. Halt! Who... The first guard started to say.
Brought in a bounty, Jacob. Move aside. The captain said gruffly.
Which one? Jacob asked, in a bored tone.
Stand aside Cadet, I know you are still on probation. Now get out of the way. The captain said, and pushed past Jacob. We followed him.
The pathway to the second wall in was paved with coarse stone. On either side were walls, covered in slits, probably for archers. There was an iron drop gate at the second gates entrance.
These guards gave us no trouble, and we walked past the second wall. The pathway to the third wall was much more elaborate. This one was paved with marble, and there were no walls keeping you in. Instead, there were lush green pastures, with several horses in them.
Bakar stopped. Hey, thats interesting. They keep their stables right between the third and fourth wall as a pasture. This way, if there is a siege, they can reach their horses in time, while in the castle. Also, it must be helpful in deterring small time robbers. While a robber who is extremely confident in himself may try to enter the castle and steal horses, a rookie robber would hesitate to rob a castle. Bakar said.
The guard captain raised his eyebrows at Bakar. You are very observant. Everything you have just said is quite true. But, you missed one fact. If we are ever under siege, and run out of food, well, horses are edible. He said, turning green when he said edible.
Bakar nodded, and we resumed walking. The guards at the third gate were no trouble either, and we walked through it as well. There was a huge white castle in the middle of a large garden. The castle had several tall spires, and several colored glass windows. 
The gardens were filled with apple trees, and tall grass. The grass was neatly trimmed, and many clumps of it were left purposely tall to form grass statues. A lot like the ones made with bushes on Earth. The trees provided a nice shade, and also smelled heavenly. The guard captain noticed our longing expressions and laughed. He gestured for us to stop, and walked off the path to a nearby tree.
He grabbed four apples, put one in his mouth, and walked back onto the path. He lifted the hand holding the apples towards us, and gestured at the hand holding the apples with his other hand. Cynthia grinned, and reached for one. I reached out and grabbed her hand. 
Hey! Im hungry here! If you aren't hungry, let me eat at least. She snapped at me.
Thats not it Cynthia. The thing is, these are the kings apples, and we have no right to eat them, unless offered to by the king himself. The captain of the guard would obviously have these privileges. I said, and looked at the guard captain.
Something like approval flashed through his eyes, but his expression didnt change. You are quite right young man. Malek, I told you to stop using that test on everybody that entered the castle long ago. A deep, but mellow voice said.
Malek dropped to his knees, and bowed his head. My liege! Im sorry, I didnt see you there! He said, in a panicked voice.
I looked around for the voice, and spotted a young man, not much older than us, standing in between a few of the trees smiling. He was dressed in purple robes, with gold engraving. 
Down, you idiots! Kneel down! Malek hissed through his teeth.
I snapped to my senses, and also dropped to my knees. Two corresponding thuds proved that Bakar and Cynthia did so as well.
The young king laughed. Get up, Get up. Now, Malek, Why have you invited this merry band of adventurers here? Is it for a bath? Because they look like they need one! The King said.
We laughed, and stood up. Malek stood up as well. No, King Cormac, I did not bring them here for a bath, even though they need one. They are here because they brought in the bounty for Markovitch. Malek said, almost reverently.
King Cormac burst out laughing. And here I though you lost your sense of humor! Good one Malek... Cormac started, but trailed off.
Youre not kidding are you, Malek? The King asked.
A young guard burst through the fourth gate, and ran up to us. He looked at Malek. Sir! The scientists ran the tests, It really is Markovitch! The guard said.
He looked around, and saw the King. He started to fall to his knees. The kings hand shot forward, and held him up. Blast it, how many times do I have to tell you guys not to kneel? Its not like Im much older than you. He said.
The young guard nodded shakily, and ran out of the courtyard. Cormac turned, and gestured for us to follow him. He went into the large castle, and so did we. The floor was made with red wool, and the walls with marble. 
	There were paintings of many warriors, mages, and kings covering the walls. We followed him through the halls, to a large room with a domed top. It was actually rather plain, with only dark marble as the floor, and no design on the walls.
	In the middle of the room, there was a large gold throne, studded with rubies. The king sat down in the throne, and looked at us. Lace, Cynthia, and Bakar, It has come to my attention that you have brought in a top class bounty- Markovitch, a top class slaver. The bounty on his head is no small fortune, as I am sure you know. Now, to discuss the bounty. He said.
	Will you have a single person speak for your crew? He asked in a formal voice.
Bakar and Cynthia looked at me. I sighed. I will speak for us. I said resignedly.  
	Very well Lance, there are several things that must be discussed. The first, the bounty was set for one hundred thousand gold coins. He said.
	I heard Bakar choke. Thats enough money to start, run, and make large profit from a duchy. Bakar whispered to me.
	I thought about it. With the one hundred gold coins we got from the slavers, we could already live here as just slightly low class citizens.  And, since we were only visiting, we didnt really need much more than that.
	Now, I was thinking that the bounty was slightly too low on him, so maybe one hundred and fifty thousand gold coins is more appropriate? The King continued.
	I gulped. I opened my mouth to thank the king for his generosity, but paused. I thought back to the run down area of town. The one with all the thieves, and falling down homes. Immediately, I knew what to do. My King, I thank you for your gracious offer, but I must decline your offer of increasing the amount of gold to my own party. However, may I request that the extra fifty thousand gold is donated to help those who cannot afford to fix their homes in the lower sectors of the city? I asked.
	The king looked extremely surprised. He sat there, frozen in place for a minute. Then, slowly, a smile creased his face. Lance, I find your current termsunacceptable. He said.
	Wha-, Wait! Why I started. Because you under credit yourself too much. Here are my terms. One hundred thousand gold to your party, fifty thousand to those in need in the lower sectors of my city, and I put you three in charge of a duchy whenever you happen to be around. He said, sounding pleased with himself.
	I looked to Bakar and Cynthia. They nodded slowly, grins creasing their faces. I turned to the king. I accept my liege. I said, once more in a formal tone.
	The king grinned. Excellent. He said.
	I apologize for all of the formalism.  The scribes who were recording this demand it. He said with a playful sigh. I assume you were going to return to earth now? He asked.
	We nodded. Im afraid I must ask you to stick around another two days, so I can have a formal ceremony crediting you with dukedom in Slavia. He said.
	Slavia? You mean there are other kings around? I asked, surprised.
	He laughed. Of course, remember that Terra is a mirror dimension of your planet, Earth. It is the same size. There are probably over 500 Kings across the world now, but maybe 3 on this continent. I rule Slavia, and you will be announced official Dukes of Slavia in two days. One day to tell the people, and then on the second day, we will have a ceremony. He said, sounding pleased.
	Bakar groaned. You mean we have to stay here another two days without being able to do anything?
	The king laughed. Well, you could always join a sparring match with the guards, read in the library, or go play around with the mages, and do whatever the mages do. He said.
	I grinned. A library? Does it have spells in it? I glanced at my snake wristband. Or maybe a book or two on magical artifacts? I asked.
	His grin grew wider. He rang a small bell. A servant came rushing into the room. What can I do for you my liege? She asked.
	Melissa, please bring Lance to the library. He said.
	Hey, Isnt this the group that killed Markovitch? She asked.
	King Cormac sighed. How did that get out already? And Melissa, your role is not to ask questions. You shall not pester Lance with questions, just bring him to the library. He said.
	
Chapter Twelve
Melissa looked put out, but waved for me to follow her. How did she know which one was me? I wondered.
	The second we were out of the large doors at the front of the chamber, she started peppering me with questions on how we beat Markovitch. Hey, Lance how do you cast spells? Can you teach me? She asked suddenly, in the middle of her questions on Markovitch.
	I laughed. I could teach you, but its against school rules, and is too dangerous to go around unsupervised. I said.
	She pouted. Pleaaase? She asked.
	I shook my head. Puppy eyes wont work on me. Im not teaching you any magic. I said.
	Ill call for the guards, and say you are attacking me If you dont! She snapped at me.
	Whoa there, whats going on with you? I cant teach you magic, and thats that. Can you please take me to the library? I asked, startled.
	She immediately started screaming and wailing for help. A guard burst into the hallway we were in. Help! He is trying to kidnap me! She screamed at him.
	Hey! Im not trying I started but the guard charged me.
	I groaned. I dont get any rest, do I? I thought to myself.
	I shoved Melissa away with a push of magic, and trapped the guard to the wall with a binding spell. That way, I didnt damage the kings castle.
	Leave Melissa alone you The guard started.
	What in the name of King Cormac is going on here? The familiar voice of Malek roared.
	Melissa here wanted me to teach her magic, and when I refused, she started wailing for help, saying I was attacking her. I explained.
	No, He assaulted me! Melissa wailed, still trapped to the wall next to the guard.
	Malek frowned. He turned to me. Lance, I have only known you for a short while, but I have known Melissa for almost a month. She is a servant from the kingdom Encarta sent here to observe, and study our culture. She is to stay here for four months, before returning to her lands. And, personally, I think she is a complete brat. Definitely not a servant, more like a noble mans daughter. He said. 
	Im right here you know! Melissa snapped.
	Now, put me down this instant! And take this man to jail for assaulting me! Melissa said.
	Malek chuckled. Im afraid that even if he did assault you, you are a servant, and have now power or say. And, it is perfectly within a dukes rights to do what he wishes with a servant. He said, emphasizing the word duke.
	I waved my hand, and Melissa and the guard fell to the floor. The guard nodded at me, and ran out of the room. Melissa just sat on the floor. Hey, arent you going to take me to the library? I asked.
	She nodded, and walked off, with me following. We reached the library, and I went in. It was a magnificent structure, with a glass top to allow light in. There were hundreds of rows of books lining the edges of the building. I walked towards the middle of the library. In the middle, there was a large square hole, with a square staircase going down a few levels. Each level had hundreds of bookshelves on it. I grinned, and went to find a librarian.
	Hey, do you know where I can find the books on magic? I asked, as a young lady in a blue dress walked past me. 
	She nodded, and pointed to a wall. I walked over to it, and noticed it had a bunch of subjects on them, and next to them, a floor number. I scanned the words for Magic or anything remotely familiar. I found it next to the number 8. I glanced at the staircase, and sighed. I then began the decent down to the eighth floor.
	After square spiral after square spiral, I finally reached floor eight. I looked around me. There must have been hundreds of spell books. I grinned, walked over to the nearest bookshelf, grabbed the first book I saw, and sat down to read.
	The book was on casting fireballs, which was nothing new to me, so I put it back. I then moved to the next. Most of the books were useless to me, and I soon emptied the shelf. I moved on to the next one. This shelf had a book with instructions on how to make magical artifacts. I quickly leafed through it, but it was nothing new. As I reached for another book, I heard a sigh.
	 Immediately, I went into battle mode. I cast a spell of shielding, and a hearing spell. I heard the sound of someone breathing fast, and trying to stay still. Almost like someone was spying on me. I sighed. It didnt look like I would be able to sit down and read yet.
	I stood up, and followed my enhanced hearing to the persons hiding spot. It was a large bookshelf with books on alchemy. I reached towards where the person should be, and rapped sharply. Ouch, what was that for you jerk? came Melissas voice.
	I sighed. I told you to stop following me. Get out of here. I said.
	You cant tell me what to do! She cried.
	I groaned again. Malek, please take Melissa out of here. I called.
	Malek strode down the staircase. How in the world did she get past me? I watched her leave the library. He said, annoyed. 
	I believe she has a invisibility charm. Use nets that detect magic. I said.
	Malek nodded thankfully, and took Melissa. You havent seen the last of me, Lance! She screamed at me.
	I chuckled. Careful there, you sound like a cheesy witch from a movie. I said.
	She just hissed at me. I glanced around the library one more time, grabbed a few books to pass the time, and went back to the kings chambers.
	Bakar and Cynthia were already there, and servants were setting up tables for us to eat at. King Cormac saw me, and beamed. Lance! So glad to see you made it. I sincerely apologize for Melissa; she isnt from this court, and often actshigher than her position. She is simply here to tour. I apologize He said
	Its ok, forget about it. She should leave me alone now. I said.
	The king grinned. In that case, lets have a toast to our two new dukes, and our duchess! He called out happily.
	There was a rush of servants, and we were each supplied a glass of wine. The king raised his glass, and we all did the same.  A toast! To new friends; and new fortunes! The king called out.
	We each tipped the glasses backwards, and began to drink. Suddenly, there was a loud ping, and a long, thin metal roasting spit was halfway into my glass. The glass shattered, spilling all but a mouthful of wine onto the floor.
	Silence swept the halls. All heads turned to where the shaft had come from. A boy, no older that sixteen, was standing there, with his hands still in the throwing position.
	How dare you do such a vile thing, you little miscreant! Take him to the dungeons immediately! The king roared, outraged. 
Guards surged forward, and grabbed the boy. They started dragging him away. Wait. I said.
	The guards paused. What just happ I started, but the ground swam out from under me. Suddenly, the world was spinning, and I felt a powerful spell slam into the side of my head. Everyones yelling was tuned out, and a light shade of pink coated the world. I wobbled. The spell was extremely potent, and I could feel it leeching my will away. I growled. This was not how I would be remembered. Beaten by a simple poison. Then, a voice drifted through my head. Lance, you know what is happening, dont you. The voice called. 
	You again My own personal angel, huh? I asked weakly.
	There was quiet laughing. Not too far from the truth. However, you are correct; someone slipped a potion into your wine. Luckily, that boy stopped most of it from entering. If it had, we would not be having this conversation now. But even so, you dont have much free will left. I give you the option to have the power to overcome this. But, it comes at a price. Do you accept? The voice asked.
	Yes, I accept. Give me the power to defeat this! I said. 
	Pain slammed into my body. I felt like I had been dropped into a pit of lava. The pink faded back, and shakily, I stood up. All of a sudden, everything went black.
	Doors; doors everywhere. It was all I could see. After everything went black, doors started to appear all around. I walked over to one, and opened it. Light flooded my eyes, and a long lost memory surfaced.
	Calm down honey, Mamas here. Now just go to sleep A soft voice said.
	Mama? The baby asked. 
	Thats right, dear. Now go back to sleep. 
	I opened my eyes. This place must be my mind! I guess these doors are all vital memories. I thought to myself.
	I walked through the halls of my mind, looking at the light colored, oak doors. As I walked, I slowly started to get colder. The brightly lit doors seemed to emit less and less light. Finally, I reached the end of the hallway. There, a dark door stood, covered with heavy chains. A small peephole was my only way to see in.
	With a sense of forbidding, I bend over to look into the peephole. All I saw was pitch black. I sighed. I guess I cant I thought, but suddenly, the door shook. The chains rattled. I took a step back. There was a loud crack, and the chains all fell off the door. The door blew backwards, into the darkness.
	Goosebumps covered my body. I prepared myself for the worst. But, nothing could have prepared me for what stepped out of the door.
	A foot, then the other. The legs, hips, torso, arms, neck and slowly, the face. I watched in horrid fascination, as I watched myself step out of the room. My clone looked up at me. The clones eyes were swirling pools of orange and red. I shuddered.
	What, were you not warned this would happen? My clone asked, in a slick, twisted version of my own voice.
	You need not have any fear. I am you, whether you like it or not. In fact, I am the ultimate killing machine, as I am sure you shall find out one day. But, I have been freed, and I wish a challenge. To do that, I believe it is time for two halves to become one. It said.
	Whoa, slow down! What are you talking about?  I asked.
	It laughed and waved its hand. A bench formed from dark strands of matter. It waved its hands at it. Sit down; there is much to show you. It said.
	I hesitantly lowered myself to the bench, wary for tricks. It sat down next to me. I am who you are. I am the price you paid for power. Now, it wasnt much of a price since you would have discovered me anyway. But nonetheless, here I am.
 I can read your thoughts, and no, I am not evil. I am just made for battle, and have more power than you have. 
I would love to explain more, but we do not have the time. Some fool slipped a potion into your drink, and we shall make them pay. Now, will you continue to fight what will happen, and inevitably fall to the potion sapping your willpower,  or will you become one with me, and allow yourself the ability to change fate? It asked.
	I didnt say anything for a minute. Then, I made up my mind. Fine, we shall be one, but on one condition. You are never in full control of my body, unless I allow you to be. We can speak, and help, but you shall never be in full control. I said.
	It, or should I say I, raised its eyebrows. So, you figured out how to read my thoughts as well? So be it. I accept your terms. Now, hug me. I said to myself.
	Hug you? What do? I started, but me 2.0 cut me off. 
	We become one; quite literally; I hope brains are something you get from me. It said.
 It stepped forward, and we wrapped our arms around each other, or ourselves. I felt it sink into me. It was a strange sensation. It was like sliding along a path of butter.
	I felt a presence become more reinforced in my head. Now, lets go catch your would- be poisoner. It said.
	Wait just a moment there. I said.
	I need a name to call you, or Ill go crazy. I said.
	It thought for a moment. Call me Abbadon. It fits me well. Abbadon said.
	I nodded mentally. Now, I give you full control of my body, to see what you can do. Just a few rules. No hurting anyone, and catch whoever did this to me. I said.
	Abbadon nodded to me. I mentally stepped away from my steering wheel And Abbadon took my place. He/I grinned. Its game time.
		Abbadon opened his eyes. A smile creased his face. Free at last. Now, to have some fun.
	I/He stood up. Everyone looked in our direction. Lance! Youre ok! What happened? Cynthia cried.
	Lance! Was there something wrong with the wine? The king asked, worriedly.
	We laughed a cruel and evil sound. Lance isnt steering right now, Cynthia. And no, my good king, nothing was wrong with the wine other than the love potion. We said.

Chapter Thirteen
	Bakar and Cynthia took a hesitant step backwards. What do you mean? Someone put a potion on the wine? Who did it? The King cried.
	We laughed again. We shall find him. Abbadon turned towards the doors.
	Lance, wait! What do you mean you arent steering? What is going on? Cynthia asked.
	I am Abbadon! Lance is with me, and I am with Lance. I guess you could say that we are Lance, and we are Abbadon. We said.
	I have no more time for talking, every second we waste, the culprit has more time to escape. You wish to see the great AbbaNo. You wish to see us in action? Then, by all means follow, if you can keep up! We roared, and launched out the door.
	There was a mad scrambling as everyone behind us tried to catch up. We heard Cynthia and Bakar not too far behind, both carrying the King. We grinned, and sped up.
	Our first stop was the kitchens. We burst through the doors, and laughed at the horrified faces of the staff.
	Has anyone recently left this kitchen? we asked, calmly.
	WhoWho are you? A chef asked.
	We are Abbadon! The first, the last, and the final! At this, Abbadon took over my hands, and weaved them into a spell.
 Dark strands of matter wove up around us, making a pitch black cloak, complete with low a low hanging hood. Now, we were completely unrecognizable from how I had looked a few minutes before. Now, has anyone left the kitchen recently? Abbadon roared.
	Yesone girl, but she meant One chef started.
	Where is she now? We roared.
	Room 262 Came the squeak.
	And just like that, we were gone, bounding through the halls, towards room 262. We reached it, and slammed the door in. There, Melissa sat, holding a petri dish, and muttering under her breath.
	With a flash, a dark matter strand wrapped around her petri dish, and it shattered. Melissa screamed a horrible cry, and looked up at us. Slowly, her face shriveled, and she grew shorter. She turned into a small hag. How dare you mortal, challenge the everlasting Esmeralda! She screeched.
	Silence fool, You know not who you talk to. I am Abbadon, I am Lance, I am your fate. We said.
	The little lady cackled, and muttered some words. Spiders dropped around us, and started biting our ankles. We laughed.
	A vortex of dark matter surrounded our feed, and killed the spiders.
	A dark witch, eh. Still, you stand not against us. Abbadon said.
	If she tries attacking again, you may kill her. I said mentally.
	A grin creased Abbadons face. So be it witch. Will you come quietly, or will you die? We asked.
	You die! The witch crowed, and flung a lightning bolt at us.
	At this time, Bakar and Cynthia came running into the room, and stopped dead at the sight of the old witch. We and the witch ignored them.
	We raised both our hands, and started summoning a dark spell. Strands of dark matter flew up into our hands, and curled around each other making a ball.  At the same time, balls of golden light flew from the witch, and went into the ball.
	Every time some golden light left the witch, she hunched more, and grew more shriveled. We shuddered, feeling the potency of the spell. Mentally, we both vowed to never use the spell again unless the need was great.
	Suddenly, the golden light stopped flowing from the witch. She staggered forward, a curse on her lips. But it never left them. We threw the black ball, and it hit her in the chest. The dark matter wrapped around her like a cocoon, and suddenly shrank back to the size of a ball. Golden light started blasting from the openings, and suddenly, in a blast of light, it exploded, leaving no trace of the spell.
	I must retreat now, that spell has taken much out of me. We shall begin a training schedule for ourselves to be able to handle more output. Abbadon said, and faded back into my head. Surprisingly, the hooded cape stayed on my shoulders. I turned around to face Bakar, Cynthia, and the King.
	Their mouths were hanging slack as they stared at me. Hey, Im back. I said.
	They snapped out of it, and Cynthia rushed up to me and hugged me. The king raised his eyebrows. Im not sure if I should make you each kings, in my place, or have you arrested for being dark magic practicers. He said, with a small laugh.
	I chuckled. Why dont we just stick with being dukes? I asked.
	The king grinned as well, and nodded. Hey, if you dont mind, Im going to go to sleep. I said. 
	Bakar, could you warp me? I asked. 
	He nodded, and I was sitting in my bed. I sighed, laid down, and went to sleep.
	Hey, Lance wake up! 
	Leave me alone! I grumbled.
	Somebody poked me a few times. Get up, the king is waiting! Bakar said.
	I sighed, and slowly opened my eyes. Bakar was standing at the foot of my bed, poking me. Fine, Ill get up. Get out. 
	Bakar grinned, and walked out of my room. I rolled out of bed, and pulled off the clothes I still had on from yesterday. I grabbed a green shirt, and matching pants from a shelf near the bed, hoping they were for me. I walked halfway to the door, before I paused, and returned to my room. I grabbed the black cloak, pulled it on, and went to the kings chambers.	
	As I headed there, Abbadon spoke up. Hey, we must decide on a training schedule soon. I was thinking every day at four? He said.
That wont work well with school, I have school then. I said.
You have school at four A.M.? Abbadon asked, surprised.
Of course not I trailed off.
You want to train at FOUR A.M.? I nearly screamed.
Of course, its great practice to control your body!
Fine, but not today. I said, as I reached the kings chamber.
I knocked on the tall wooden doors loudly. Immediately, a well-dressed man opened the doors. Lance? He asked.
	I nodded. He stepped aside, and I strode into the kings room. The King was sitting at the same table as before. I sat down on his right. As I sat down, Bakar and Cynthia came through the doors, and took their places next to us.
	The king gestured to the man at the door, and he hurried out. He returned with several servants buried under dishes of French toast, some type of pancake, bacon, and much more. They laid the plates down, and immediately scurried out of the door.
	The king turned to me. Now, as you might have guessed, I have not called you here just to eat. I wish an explanation for what happened yesterday. The king said.
	I grimaced, knowing that the king would wish to know what happened, and eventually, try to control it for himself. I received a gift from God. I said.
	I was satisfied with my answer because I was not lying, and the king could ask no more if he was to follow the correct etiquette. The king frowned, but nodded. The boy who was foolish yet brave enough to throw a metal roasting spit, and hit your poisoned glass with it.
I have had him say nothing about what happened, or how he knew the glass was poisoned to anyone, so you would hear the original truth. The king pulled a rope hanging at his end of the table, and the boy from last night was pushed through the doors. The king gestured to him, and nodded. Well I was turning the spit, to make some seasoned chicken, when I watched chef Jonasson walk in with a plat of wine glasses. I remember looking at them, just wishing that I could one day taste such a amazing thingOh, Im getting off topic arent I? Where was I? Thats right; I was watching the wine glasses, when I saw Melissa come in.
She looked over the cups briefly, and took a packed from her sleeve. She muttered a few words, and dropped the packets contents in the cup. I immediately knew it was poison, since we dont have any white spices of any kind, and even if we did, who puts spice in tea? I opened my mouth to warn the cook, but he grabbed the plate, and swept out of the room. I pulled the turkey from the spit, and ran into the room behind the chef. You know the rest. The boy said.
	I hid a grin. The boy spoke with a lot of enthusiasm, and he practically radiated happiness.
	Kid, whats your name? I asked.
	My names Jack. 
	How old are you? I asked.
	Im eighteen, but I look young for my age. Jack said sheepishly
	I looked to the king. Well, it looks more like Jack should be rewarded, not punished. Maybe a promotion... I trailed off.
	The king paused for a moment, and suddenly, a grin split his face. He looked at Jack. Your reward for quick thinking and possibly saving our soon to be Duke is a promotion to head cook! You shall work for Lance, Cynthia, and Bakar in their lands! I hear you are quite talented at cooking, am I right? 
	Jacks eyes bulged out of his sockets, and he barely managed to nod. The king grinned. Excellent. You may do whatever you want today, and leave with Lance and his friends tomorrow when they visit their lands.
	Jack hopped out of his chair, and ran out of the room, grinning the whole way. The king turned to us. Oh my, I never said we could eat, did I? Well, if you were waiting, dig in! 
	I snatched a few pieces of French toast, and some egg, and eagerly began eating. When we had all finished our food, the king dismissed us, and told us to enjoy ourselves. I headed back to my quarters.
	When I got there, Jack was waiting in front of my door. Jack, why are you here? I asked.
	Well, I was thinking I could get to know you more, and take you on a tour around the city! He said.
	I shrugged. Why not? 
	Jack led me out of the castle, and began following a large cobblestone road that was practically coated with people. As we walked, he pointed out shops, and almost everything with a name. Thats Joes Bakery. He has the best baked goods in town. Or so I have heard- He only sells to nobles, since nobles are the only ones with enough money to pay half a silver for a pastry. He looked longingly at the bakery. 
I laughed, and walked into it. The place smelled like cinnamon and raisins. I walked to the counter. A buff man was sitting in a stool, kneading some dough. I coughed politely.     
	He looked up. Get out; I dont give free samples to those who cant afford my food. And you dont look like a noble. He said.
	I sighed, and rattled the sack with coins that was hanging off of my belt. He looked back up, grinning. So, what would you like?
	I glanced at the rows of pastries lining the shelves. Which do you recommend? 
	He thought for a moment. Why dont you try my special flaky raisin puff pastry of amazing deliciousness?
	I nearly fell over laughing. It took all my willpower to nod, and turn around. I raised my fist to my mouth, and tried to stifle my laughs. The large man nodded sagely, and walked to one of his counters. He pulled out a pastry, and put it in a bag. He walked back to me. That will be two silvers. 
	I handed him two silvers, took the bag, and returned to Jack. He looked at me with wide eyes. F..for me?
I nodded. He eagerly took the bag and opened it. He took the pastry, and raised it to his mouth. Just before he took a bite, he paused. He broke the pastry in half, and gave me a half. I smiled, and took it. With wide grins on both of our faces, we finished the pastries, and returned to the castle. We parted ways, and I promptly went to bed and fell asleep.
	My eyes snapped open. Finally, Youre awake! We have training to do! Abbadon said.
I sighed, and rolled out of bed. I pulled on my shirt and pants. I headed out to the soldiers training area. Now, Here is what you must do
Abbadon certainly had a strange idea of the word training. A normal person, or as normal as I could get, would consider training at its hardest to be doing constant pushups, pull ups, spell exercises until you cant move anymore. 
Abbadons idea was to create a immense concentrated ball of black magic and slowly pour more magic into it, until I could put in no more. Then, He would break my block stopping the spell leeching the life from my body, and use his own magic to keep me alive while I poured every ounce of magic into the ball.
We held the position for over an hour and a half. All right, Thats enough for today. Fire the ball into the sky, and have it explode a quarter mile in the air. He said.
A quarter mile? Isnt that rather high? I asked.
No, now do it.
I sighed, and launched the ball into the air. When it reached a quarter mile high, I canceled the spell holding it together, and watching through a spell Abbadon had apparently set up earlier, I watched as the ball of black magic began to expand. Suddenly, it launched out and flattened, turning into a huge black disk the size of the castle. Just as quickly as it had expanded, It shrunk into a puny black dot. The dot began to spin. It slowly expanded until it was about the size of an obese human. It deepened in color, and I could feel a powerful gravitational force coming from it.
A black hole, Abbadon? We made a black hole? I asked, marveling at it. Abbadon grunted in appreciation. I felt him withdraw from the outer edges of my mind. I watched as the black hole slowly shimmered, and faded into the light of the sun, which was now rising over the walls of the castle. I headed back in, towards the kings chambers. 
The others were already there, waiting for me. Sorry guys, am I late? I asked.
	Bakar sighed. What do you think?  But dont worry, were getting used to it.
	Sorry Bakar, I was training
	No time for this now, my soon to be Dukes and Duchess. There is a ceremony, and we must not be late! The king cried, and herded us out the door.


Chapter Fourteen
	The ceremony itself was rather boring. It consisted mainly of the king praising us, and pointing out everything we did good for the kingdom. After he Duked us, the rest of the ceremony was eating, and talking to all the nobles.
	After the ceremony, we were taken to tour our new mansion. It was a large building, with a lush lawn, and red roof tiles. There were several gardeners trimming the bushes around the house.
	We all entered the house. Inside, there was a massive kitchen, four bedrooms, a small library that was empty, and several other unused rooms.
	We moved in for the night, and I chose the bedroom on the first floor.
	I got into the bed, and promptly fell asleep.
	I was awoken by the ringing of my alarm clock. I noticed that it was just a normal ringtone, not a talking one. I rolled out of bed, and clothed myself. I walked out of my room just as Bakar and Cynthia walked out of theirs. We went to get breakfast in the kitchens. 
	Jack was already there, and he was laying the table just as we walked in. Lance! And Uh Babar was it?
	Bakar Bakar corrected.
	He just nodded at Cynthia. He turned, and started walking away from the table. Whoa, where are you going? I asked.
	He looked confused. Well, I set your table, now I have to go make my own breakfast. I laughed. 
Why dont you eat with us? I asked.
	Bakar nodded. He grinned, and hesitantly sat down. Once we were all seated, we began to dig in. Once we had had enough to partially fill up, we began to talk. Hey, I really like this world, but im getting a little homesick, arent you? Cynthia asked.
	I shrugged. There isnt much for me to go home to. But, youre right, I rather want to get back to school.
	Well, we have done much in this world, and we have that teleporter Myron, The paladin, gave us. We could always return. Bakar said
	I nodded thoughtfully. Bakar and Cynthia burst into laughter. Dude, dont ever do that. My mouth twisted into a grimace. 
	Do what?
	You put your hand up to your chin, and were scratching it like so.
Bakar put his hand up to his chin, with all of his fingers facing outward, and began drumming them, with a stupid look on his face.
	I snickered. Something tells me you shouldnt do that either.
	Bakar shrugged. I wont if you dont. 
	Fine. Arent we getting a little off track? I said.
	Of course, with you two, its easier to get off track than to stay on! Cynthia said.
	I turned to Jack. Jack, how many people would you need to run this household while we are gone? And what vocation?
	He made a soft sound in the back of his throat. WellAh I would need at least three maids and A blacksmith, and... you might wantsomeone to count the moneyand make sure it gets interest and a few carpenters.
	I nodded, and turned to Bakar and Cynthia. We could find these people today, and leave in the afternoon. They nodded.
	I turned back to Jack. Could you get us a list on who are some possibilities, and the prices they should cost? I asked.
	Jack nodded, and pulled out a rolled up piece of paper. The king thought you would need this, its pretty much what you asked for. 
	I opened the letter. It had the vocation, name, and price of possible employees. I grinned. No problem! Ill go get these people now.
	I stood up, and thanked Jack for the breakfast. Bakar and Cynthia got up with me. We headed out of the house.
	We strolled through the city, heading for the first place. It was called Wilted Flowers. By following the map that was conveniently on the back of the paper, we made it there and we barely had to look up.
	When we reached it, I looked up. It was a several story building, covered with pictures of flowers. The sign above the door read:
Wilted Flower
Company house
	Our mouths dropped open. Why would the King think we need Company?? Bakar asked
	Maybe this is the wrong Wilted Flower? I suggested.
	I glanced at the map again, but we were in the right spot.
	Hey, there is a small line of writing here we missed before! I said
	I peered closer at the writing. The Wilted Flower, as you can guess, is a Company House. But, I have heard rumors that they are extremely abusive, and they have recently found a eighteen year old street girl, who was doing shabby, and kidnapped her. With the help of a mage, they froze her mouth, so she couldnt talk about it. I was hoping you could save her, and maybe recruit her for a maid?
	I wordlessly passed the note to Bakar. He read it, and passed it to Cynthia. She read it, and her eyes darkened.
	I glanced at the paper again when Cynthia handed it to me with a shaking hand. But that hand was not shaking because of fear. It was rage.
	The paper said her name was Molly. I reached into my mind, and summoned Abbadon. Retrieve the girl Molly, and dont hurt anyone who stands aside. Lets go. I said, purposely leaving out what to do if someone DID stand in our way.
	My eyes flared as Abbadon took over. Cynthia and Bakar took a small step back. I may hold the power of dark, but this is disgusting. Forcing a girl to do this. Blood shall be shed. We said.
	Abbadon raised our hand, and the door crumpled in onto itself, and disappeared into a small thumbtack sized black hole.
	We strolled casually into the building. Inside, a bunch of women were laying on couches, and one woman was sitting behind a desk. Looking for some She started.
	With a raise of our hand, we blasted the womans desk into oblivion. Where is Molly We asked.
	The woman screamed. Edgar! They found u Another raise of our hand, and she was sucked into a black hole.
	I knew we were being over the top, but my rage controlled me. A man bounded down the steps. He looked at us and paled. He threw a pitiful ball of light at us. We laughed. Cynthia raised her hand, and a black ball hit and surrounded the ball of light. Bakar shot off his own ball of light, and it sent the wizard flying.
	What do you guys want? He stuttered.
	We want Molly Abbadon/Me said.
	Oh, that can be arranged, but she isnt very good yet
	Abbadon roared. Spears of black bone erupted around him, and pierced every spot in his body. He didnt even have time to scream. We turned to the nearest woman. Where. Is. She.
	The woman pointed a shaking hand above her. We strode up the steps. The second floor was a large platform covered in several rooms. We blew in every door, until we came across one with a person in it.
	I looked at the person inside. She was definitely young, but didnt look quite eighteen. More like she was fifteen or sixteen. Are you Molly? We growled.
	She slowly nodded. Please, you have to believe me! I got kidnapped and We put a hand on her mouth. 
	We know. We are here to save you. Abbadon said.
	We? She asked.
	We shook our head. Later. Lets go. 
	Abbadon picked her up, and we walked out of the room. We returned to the first floor, where Bakar and Cynthia were waiting for us. That her? Bakar asked.
	We nodded. Quietly, we strode out of Wilted Flower.
	We went to the nearest Inn. When we reached it, Abbadon released his hold on my body. I sagged slightly. Man, I need a drink. I said.
	We all sat down at a table, and I set Molly down on a chair. I sat next to Cynthia. Molly looked at us with wide eyes. Can you explain to me what just happened? 
We went through our story, but left out that we were Dukes and a Duchess, and the fact we were from Earth not terra. Wait, so you have like two personalities? 
	I shrugged. I guess
	Are you the strongest mage here? She asked.
	N... I started.
	Yes. Bakar and Cynthia chorused.
	I sighed. Hey, I dont want to sound ungrateful, but could you do something about this? She asked, and indicated the tattered up clothing she was wearing. It sort of got damaged when you blew the door in. She said sheepishly.
I reddened, and waved my hand. Using Abbadons magic, I weaved a dress out of the darkness in the room. Her mouth dropped open. This must be worth more money than this entire Inn!
I laughed quietly. Much more, more like the value of several hundred gold. I put a enchantment on it to never dirty, and never tear.
Why are you giving this to me? Im just a street girl.
I grinned. So what? Its what in here that counts. I tapped Bakar on the chest.
Oi! Dont go all gay on me! He said.
We all laughed.
As we continued talking, a waiter came to our table. What would you like? He asked, looking at me.
Chefs recommendation and some ale. I said.
What he said. Bakar said
Ill have whatever soup you guys have. Cynthia said.
He looked at Molly, and his eyes opened slightly. He leaned towards her, eyes squinting. I tapped him on the shoulder. Sir, it isnt polite to stare. I said.
Oh my, Im terribly sorry young lady. You looked like someone I knew. So, what do you want?
I dont need
She will have what I ordered. I said.
The waiter nodded, and swept away.
You dont need to buy me food, I had some yesterday She said.
I dont want to impose on your kindness.
I laughed. I could afford to buy this entire inn, and it probably wouldnt hurt me much.
A small grin creased her face. If you insist. For some reason, this inn feels strangely familiar. Like I have been here before She said, and trailed off into thought.
The food didnt take long to arrive. The waiter brought both me and Bakar a stuffed turkey, and Molly got a slightly different smelling stuffed turkey. Cynthia got some type of vegetable soup.
	We all started eating. As we ate, our water constantly glanced at our table. I waved him over. Is there something you need to tell us? I asked. For example, Why you would put exarthmin, The Kings spice On Mollys dish?
	How did you know I
I shook my head. Dont ask.
Now, what is it?
The waiter sighed. He looked at Molly. You look much like my daughter, who disappeared some time ago. I know this is extremely wrong, but can I see your left shoulder? He asked.
Cynthias mouth dropped open, and she opened her mouth to scold him. But, Molly simply lifted her left shoulder out of the dress. On it, there was a small, birthmark that looked much like a bottle.
The waiters mouth dropped open. Mon Mongolia!?
A huge grin covered Mollys face. I go by Molly now. Are you the man I remember? The only thing I can remember is She started.
I summoned up power, and cast a remembrance spell on her. She froze
DAD! She screamed, and hugged him tightly.
They stayed locked like that for almost five minutes. When they released each other, I waved for the waiter to sit down.
Tears were streaming down his face. Molly, Im so glad you are alive! When you disappeared, I spent all of my money on search teams for you. I even had to sell the smithy, and become a waiter here. He said.
Oh Molly, How will I ever manage to pay for both of us? Gah! It matters not! I will work in more jobs! All that matters is that we met again.
I grinned. Sir, what is your name? I asked.
I am John. He said.
Well John and Molly, You see, we came here looking for some workers. We are in need of some maids, a carpenter, someone to watch our money, and a blacksmith.	
Are you guys interested? I asked.
Yes! they shouted as one.
I grinned. Great. We will provide rooms, and a payment of five silver a week?
Johns mouth dropped. You can afford that?
I nodded. I should think that a duke should be able to.
This time, Mollys mouth dropped. I got rescued by a Duke? Wait a minute I am going to guess that those two are also duke and duchess?
I nodded. Then that means You are the ones that brought Markovitch in! 
Again, we nodded. And we can really work for you? She asked.
We nodded for the third time. Can you guys also help us find two more maids, a few carpenters, and a trustworthy money keeper? Cynthia asked.
John nodded. Follow me. As we followed him out the door, He suddenly stopped at the edge of the door. I quit! He yelled into the inn, and then walked out into the shine of the sun.
We returned to the house by midday, with two carpenters, a blacksmith, three maids, and one money keeper.  We all sat down at a large table while we explained their pay. My friends, I speak on behalf of my fellow Duke and Duchess that we are happy to have you working for us. But, as we have told you, we are often on errands elsewhere, and we are actually heading on one now. We wish you utmost luck, and just go to Dave, our money counter for your weekly payment. Farewell. Bakar said.
We all walked out of the room. You have it, Lance? Cynthia asked.
I nodded. I took out the teleporter. I walked to Bakar and put one hand on his shoulder. Cynthia put her hand on Bakars other shoulder. I pressed the red button, thinking of our Dorm.
 The world seemed to fall out from under me, as the warp took effect. About 5 seconds later, we were all at our dorm. Bakar raised his eyebrows. Not bad. You should keep that. He said.


Chapter Fifteen
Im really tired for some reason. Lets go to bed I said.
 I then waddled over to my bed, and promptly collapsed.
 Weeks passed, and every day, I had my special training with Abbadon. Soon, it was time for winter break. None of us had family to go to; I was a delinquent, I couldnt leave the school, Bakars parents didnt like him, and Cynthia wouldnt tell us why she couldnt leave. So we decided to have a nice camping trip. So we packed up our stuff. Suddenly, I remembered that I had kept the mind gate closed for a while. So just for fun, I decided to open it. 
Immediately, thoughts rushed to my head, but I ignored them. Leaving the gate open, but keeping my thoughts quiet, I continued packing. As I was putting in the same tent we used for our tests, one thought was louder than the others. Bang boom, Shaka laka! Take that ya noob! Hah! I win! I burst out laughing. Bakar, put your counsel away.
	What! How did you know? He asked.
	Mind gate. I said.
	We burst out laughing again. I closed the gate again, and finished packing. Soon, we were heading out to our camping ground. When we got there, it was already dark, so we set up a fire. We decided to tell stories of our childhood and how we ended up at the Magi school. I went first. Well, back when I was 9, a kid in school told me that if I taped paper to my hands and legs, and jumped off the school roof, I would be able to fly. Now, he was joking, or at least I think he was, but I took it seriously.
 I remember I went around, and thinking that if paper made me fly, I could glide with something about as heavy, but stronger than paper. \ I found a massive piece of cardboard; It had belonged to a refrigerator box. I cut it to size, and the next day, I climbed to the top of the school building with the cardboard duct-taped to my back. I jumped off, and I remember, for about 5 seconds I was flying. In fact, I think it probably would have worked, since I was very light back then, and the winds were strong. But, as I flew through the air, I slammed into a large metal pole, and went home with a concussion. I finished.
Bakar and Cynthia were laughing so hard, they couldnt even breathe.
Next, Bakar went. When I was 8, both of my parents were mages, so I grew up in a mage house hold. I remember I had this magic alarm clock that would talk, just like the ones in school. Well, one of my brothers changed its words to Smacker munchies! and every time I heard it, I cracked up. So what happened was, my mom was chewing me out because I didnt do the laundry, and the clock went off. Suddenly I started cracking up, during my moms lecture. She flipped out, and came to spank me. Then my clock rang again, and I started laughing again. She got even madder. I could hear my brother wheezing with laughter from across the house! Bakar finished laughing.
We all cracked a smile at that one.
 Next, Cynthia went. Well, when I was in middle school, there was one football player who had a crush on me. But, he would beat up anybody who he thought liked me, even if they didnt. I remember this went on for a while, and soon, all my friends left me, and nobody would talk with me in fear of getting beat up. The football player thought this would force me to like him, because I would be desperate for social contact.
 It might have worked, but there was one quiet boy who would talk to me. He was constantly beat up, but he continued to sit and talk with me. Then one day, I remember the football player decided to get rid of his competition permanently. He was so stupid; he intended to choke the small boy. He got an apple, and had his goons hold the boy down. At the time, I knew no magic, so there was nothing I could do to help him. Then, I remember the boy smiled. He said Do you intend to hurt me?
The football player laughed and said Of course!
Then came seven words that will be forever engraved into my mind. Then I have permission to fight back.
The boy twisted around and elbowed the jock who was holding him in the stomach, and kicked him in the face. The jock toppled backwards, out cold. The boy proceeded to knock out the rest of the kids with ease, and when he finally got to the one who had a crush on me, he said You stay away from Cynthia. If you ever hurt her again, I will find you. And I will not be so nice.
Then the boys fist crashed into the jocks face. I could hear the sound from five feet away. The buff jock flew a few feet, and crashed into a wall. The small boy walked over to me and smiled. Then, he finally told me his name, and walked home. I never saw him again; the rumor was that he was expelled for beating up students. But ever since that day, I have looked for the boy, because the instant I saw him for the first time, I was in love. But now, the story is changed. I said I never saw him again. I did. In fact, just a few months ago. His namehis name was Lance; Lance Starfinder. Cynthia finished, tears streaming down her face.
 Suddenly, I remembered. The lonely girl that had nobody to talk to, the one who just needed a friend, the only one who I had ever grown close to in my elementary/middle school days.  And I smiled and walked over to Cynthia. I remember now 
Then I hugged her. We spent the next hour reminiscing about middle school and asking each other what happened after I left. Soon it was time for bed, so I summoned the tent, and we all went to sleep.
The next morning, we decided to thin out the circle 1monster population. We went out, and killed every monster we could find. After a while, we came upon one who when it saw us, instead of running, it jumped right at us. I whipped vines at it, but it dodged them. I paled. This was no circle 1 monster. I dodged its jump and cracked it on the head with my staff. While it was dazed, I summoned my armor, and shadow. I launched spells at it. Lightning Rod
The spell blasted against the demon and sent it flying. Shadow shot out bursts of fire, Lightning Vortex!
I finished it off with a swirling whirlwind of lightning. I looked to my friends to check if they were all right. They were both fine. We noticed there was a hole behind it, so we went to check it out. The second we had all entered, the hole slammed shut.
 Bakar panicked. What is it Bakar? I asked
My light spell wont work! he muttered under his breath.
I tried summoning Shadow, but it didnt work, as if something was blocking me. We decided we had no choice but to move forward. Soon, it became apparent that it was a maze, and we were now hopelessly lost. One day later, we were completely out of food. We were stumbling along the maze when we saw light. We all rushed towards it. But to our horror, the light was not the sun, but rather, it was Abel, the ninth circle demon. He saw us, and immediately called his minions to attack us. In the state we were in, we barely managed to defeat them. Abel cackled. It looks like you weaklings are trapped.
You will be worthy sacrifices for the master. Be glad! You shall be the first of many! Abel said.
 His massive clawed paws slammed into each of us and we collapsed. I woke up in a cell next to Cynthia and Bakar. I groaned, but found I could not move, much less talk. So I used all my might, and put my arms around Cynthia. With that task done, I went back to sleep.
 I woke up to the dark colored, clay ceiling. I woke up Cynthia and Bakar. We have to get out of here and warn the school! I said to them quietly.
Bakar nodded. But how will we get out?
We should start looking for ways out Cynthia answered.
So we all split up to the different corners of the cell. We scratched and tapped along the walls all day, but nothing was there that we could find. At the end of the day, or what seemed like it, we went back to bed. When we woke up in the morning, it was the same routine. The next day, a monster shoved a plate of worms through a cell bars. Eat it said.
 I gagged. Cynthia grabbed the plate and threw it against the wall. We will never get out of here! Well be trapped here forever! she screamed.
 I patted her on the back. Not quite Cynthia. Look at the wall
She glanced at the wall. Where she had thrown the plate, there was a dent. We smiled. I glanced at the plate. It was made from some type of metal. I broke the plate into three pieces, and gave Cynthia and Bakar one. Then, we started digging out of the prison. After what seemed like days, we finally dug out of the huge cell. We were free!
 Immediately, Bakar put one hand on each of our shoulders, and we were standing in front of the Headmasters room. I summoned my staff back from my Locker, and rapped on the door with it. The door opened, and Wyat peeked out. Lance! And Bakar and Cynthia! I thought you guys had ditched school!
You barely have time to study for the finals! What were you guys thinking! He opened his mouth to continue.
I cut him off. Wyat, Abel is here, he has a base a few hundred feet from the school.
He paled. Abel? So close? The headmaster started scribbling down something on a piece of paper.
What happened? he asked.
We told him the entire story, and he dismissed us saying, Go study for your finals. And rest a bit as well. School must go on, and do not tell anybody about this.
 So we headed back to our dorm, And the second we got there, ate and drank everything we had stored in it. We half-heartedly studied for our finals, even though we knew none of us were up to it.  The next day, I was called to the headmasters office. 
When I got in, Wyat tossed me a book. Read up on that, Lance. It has some useful spells. I have a feeling you will really need them in the coming months


Chapter Sixteen
With that, he sent me back to my dorm. The first thing I did was open the book and start to read. An hour later, I had charmed with a spell I had learned form it the book so only l could read the book. The next day, as we were returning to class, Brent came up to us in the halls. Hey there nobodies, what happened to you to miss class for weeks? Did you have to go help mommy and daddy at the farm?
I growled. Back in the prison something broke in me, and now it showed. I waved my hand, and a skeletal hand launched from the ground and grabbed Brent.  The wristband on my wrist, that I had almost forgotten about, began to glow. Immediately, I knew this was Necromancy. Lance! What are you doing? And how do you know that spell? Physical manifestations are extremely high level necromancy, and almost no blackmages get that far! How do you do it? she asked amazed.
I shrugged. Then I watched, fascinated as the skeleton crawled out of the ground, still holding Brent. When it finally got out, I heard something in my mind. Master Lance, I am the Skeleton Kings Elite Guard. By summoning me, you are now the most powerful necromancer in ages. Go to the place you call the Ancient Library. In it, tap the second black book on the right of the door. Enter, and receive the book of Death. I will take care of this scum.
The skeleton bent down, and its chest opened. Then, its chest slammed shut around Brent. It then slowly shambled down the hall, towards Brents room. I didnt see either of them for the rest of the day.
At the end of the day, I had Bakar teleport me to the library. We half ran to find the second black book, and when we found it,  I tapped it. The Earth shook, and the bookshelf toppled backwards, revealing a long and narrow passageway paved with obsidian and blood red rubies. Our mouths dropped. Whoa! This place must have cost a fortune! Bakar said.
I numbly nodded. I dont think we could build this, even with our dukes fortune. I said.
We continued through the passage way, and came upon two skeletons with their halberds crossed. We went to pass, but when Bakar tried to go through, the skeletons stepped forward and pushed him back. He almost screamed, but he managed to hold it in. shaking, he said under his breath Guess I cant go
 He said in a whisper, Lance, you go on. Ill wait here for an hour, and then return to the dorm. If youre not back in 3, Ill call the headmaster. Ok?
I grinned. Ok.
 I turned, and walked into a large circular room with a small black book on a pedestal. I strode up to it, and went pick the book up.  As my left hand neared it, black lightning jumped from the book, and fried my hand. Yeargh! I cried.
I sat down and thought for a moment. Suddenly, I had an idea. I looked around the pedestal, and finally, I found what I was looking for, a small indentation, on the front of the book. I took the snake wristband off of my wrist, and placed it in the slot. There was a flash, and the band sank into the book. I hesitantly reached out and grabbed the book. When nothing happened, I sat down on the pedestal, and began to read. Chapter 1: Summoning necromancy, Chapter 2: Necromantic weaponry, Chapter 3: Empowering Necromancy and it went on and on. There were almost 30 chapters in the small book. As I read, the knowledge seemed to seep into my head. Then suddenly, I snapped out of my stupor. My head was against the book. And the book was sinking into it.
I yelped, and yanked on the book as hard as I could. But it didnt budge. I continued to yank on it, until it completely disappeared into my head. A second passed. Nothing changed. Then suddenly, there was a crashing wave in my head, and all the necromantic knowledge was at my disposal. I hesitantly reached out with my mind, to speak with the so called King of Skeletons. 
Hello Your Majesty.
I thought.
 I see you have learned the Necromantic secrets The king replied.
I growled over our connection. Why didnt you warn me it would sink into my head? You almost gave me a heart attack!
The king chuckled. Well, almostso its all good.
But you know what you must do right? You have to connect to the other two kings, and make peace with them to become a supreme Necromancer. Now go, we will speak again in the afterlife, or if you summon me. I accept you as the necromancer of skeletons.
And just like that, my personal audience with the king was over. Next, I contacted the Zombie King. Hello sir. I thought at it.
Sir? You called that old bag of bones a king! the Zombie thought to me.
Sorry, your Highness, but you know what I am here for. I thought back.
Yes, Yes I do. I pledge you my alliance and whatnot. Now go and leave me alone. The Zombie terminated the connection. I sighed. According to the books knowledge, the Ghost king was the most powerful, and evil. I summoned up a connection with him. Hello your Excellence.
 Hello Lance Starfinder. I know what you seek. It rasped out in a low moan.
I shall give it to you if you do me a favor. It continued.
What kind of favor? I asked.
I want my people to be seen as equals to humans. We are blamed for all the problems the corrupted monsters cause, and I want to right that wrong. You will know when the time comes. It rasped.
Do we have a deal?
I thought a moment. What could I lose? We have a deal I returned.
Suddenly, I felt woozy. I sat down on the pedestal. The pedestal suddenly came alive. It turned into two hands with rubies on their wrists. The hands reached up and grabbed mine. There was a searing pain in my wrists. I screamed until I could no longer make noise. There was a red flash, and they went back to being a pedestal. I rubbed my wrists, because they now felt like a truck ran over them. Suddenly, a rush of knowledge came to my head. All types of dangerous and powerful spells rushed into my mind. Also, as I rubbed my wrists again, I noticed they were rather hard, not at all like skin. I looked at them, and saw on both of my inside wrists, there was a small ruby.
 I walked back to my dorm thinking about them. The second I wondered what they did, the though from the Necromatic book came to my mind. They can be infused with any spell you like, and will do it instantly just by you thinking about it, and they will not tax your magical strength. I grinned.
I fused the first one with a new spell I learned, Bone Sentence, from the Necromantic book, and the second one I infused with lightning rod. I wondered if I could get more. Any gem touched by a necromancer in the desired spot will become a spell holster. The thought came to my mind.
I left the library, and headed towards the swordmage dorms.  I walked over to Max, the Swordmage. Heya buddy! Long time no see! he said.
Hey max, do you have a small gem you could spare? I asked him. He grinned. Sure! Anything for you! He went into his workshop and returned holding a small opal. He tossed it to me. I thanked him earnestly, and left to my dorm.
 On the way there, I discreetly stuck my hand up to my chest, and imagined the gem fusing into it. Immediately, the gem sank into my chest. I smiled. I knew just the spell for it. I returned to my dorm room, to see Cynthia and Bakar waiting there for me. Lance! What happened! they shouted at the same time.
 I explained what happened, and told them about my new power.
 The next week passed peacefully, with us studying for the finals in a month. But one day, there was an announcement over the intercom. Attention! Attention all powerful mages and units! There is an international magic tournament where all types of people and monsters meet up and fight in team and single battles! If you are interested, there is a form in your Lake! Thank you for your time. The voice quieted.
 We looked at each other. Lets do it. We said at the same time.
We signed up for the tournament. It was a day away, so we spent the day preparing for it. When the next day came, we went to the headmasters office. Brents team was also applying. We were the only two from our school. Brent saw us and smirked, but said nothing. Wyat sent us off to the tournament after a brief pep talk.
 My unit signed up as a unit fight, and I signed up on my own as well.
 We took our seats as competitors. The one man fights went first. Brent was called up to fight a lizard like humanoid. He did his best, but the lizard man quickly bested him. And the battle goes toSalsathar! the announcer roared. The lizardman glanced right in my direction. Slowly, a grin spread across it. It shimmered, and was briefly see through. A ghost! I thought.
	I could barely hide my grin. Of course Brent lost; he couldnt even hit the ghost.
 It looked like our foes were much more skilled than we were. I watched a few more matches, but none were very interesting. Finally, I was called up for my fight. Lance! Come up! You will be fighting Arid! the announcer called. I walked up onto the arena. Arid, my opponent walked up confidently. He smirked at me. Youre going down! he said.
BattleStart! the announcer called.
Arid launched a weak fireball at me. I nearly laughed. In return, I simply sent a weak lance of light. He barely dodged it. I snickered. This guy was a joke.
 I decided to finish the fight and conserve my energy. I summoned a rock hand around his leg as he jumped out of the way of a weak spell I launched at him. The hand caught his leg in the air, and he cracked his head on the floor. There was no serious damage, but he was knocked out. And the winner is Lance! the announcer screamed.
 My next opponent was a tall, sleek lady. She referred to herself as Whip. The second the announcer started the fight, she jumped forward, and launched her short sword out at me. It was an oblivious attack, and I easily blocked with a blast of magic. She leaned in near me and said Hey, if you let me win this, we can go back to my room and get to know each otherbetter I growled.
How dare she think she could seduce me from winning. And I already had a girlfriend. I totally lost it. I slammed my hand into the ground. Scythes of bone launched out of it and stabbed her in every limb. They then extended, and she flew across the arena, pinned with the bones, they slammed her into the wall, and she was knocked out.
	The medic team had to rush in, and pull her off of the wall. I felt no regret.
The next two of my opponents forfeited the matches because they didnt want to fight me. Then, at the final round, my opponent was a man who wouldnt say his name. So the announcer just said Myth versus Lance! Begin!
Myth slammed his hand into the ground, and a drew a shape. Suddenly, there was a circle eight demon standing there. I yelped. I used my rubies to cast lightning rod. The demon shrugged it off. Before I could use my Bone Sentence, the demon launched forward, and trapped me so I couldnt move. Since I was incapitated, I lost the fight, but I was still pleased.
 Next came the Team matches. My unit was the first ones up. We were put against Brents team. We grinned at each other and walked onto the stage. Ill take Brent, you two get the goonies. I said.
	Bakar and Cynthia nodded.
 AndStart!
I jumped backwards, and launched a black spear at Brent. He blocked it with a magic Shield. I frowned. He shot his shield at me, but I easily blocked it. I grinned. Time to test out a necromancy spell. I reached into the necromantic knowledge in my head, and used a medium powered one. I summoned a huge skeleton. Brent stumbled back, horrified. The skeleton raised its hand and slammed it into Brent. He fell the floor, out cold. I dispelled the skeleton. I looked to see that Cynthia and Bakar had also easily dispatched their foes.
 We went back to our seats, and started chatting excitedly. Soon, we were called up again, but we beat the next teams just as easily as we beat Brent. Soon, it was time for the finals. We sat down for our 10 minute break. We chatted to pass time. As we talked, a tall form approached us. Hello
 I am Dusk, your next opponent. Dusk said.
A wraith I thought came to me from the book. Hello Dusk, where is the rest of your team? I asked.
I am alone. I seek to set right the wrongs that my kind did, so I am using this battle to see which school I should train with. He said.
The words vibrated around my head. The Ghost king had said the same things. I knew this must be the one I had to help.
 If you guys beat me in battle, I will join your magi academy. I will see you in battle soon. Best of luck the wraith turned and glided away.
Cynthia raised her eyebrows. Well, that was quick. He sure talks fast.
 Soon, we were called up for our battle against Dusk. The battle started, and he immediately shot out shadows from his hands. I barely dodged them. His power is extremely high, we shouldnt mess around with this one. I muttered to my friends.
I used all of my minor and medium necromancy spells, but he shrugged them off like nothing. Soon, the battle started to get weary. He knocked out Bakar with a shadow lance and When Cynthia went to check on him, he lightly hit her with a sleep spell, putting them both out of the match. But Bakar and Cynthia had not been completely ineffective. He was bleeding in several places, and he couldnt summon anything.
 My chances still didnt look good though. Lightning Rod I roared.
The black bolts slammed into dusk, launching sparks everywhere. The audience gasped. But, Dusk just reflected it with a spell. I tried using one of my ruby spells. I called on my ruby to use bone sentence.  The bone cage sprang around Dusk, and before he could do anything, ruptured inward, and he was peppered with pieces of sharp bone. The audience roared. There was no way he could still be standing. But he just stood up, bleeding in multiple places. He then copied my spell, and with the same results on me.
 The fight didnt look like it was going anywhere. So I knew I had no choice. I used my third ruby spell. Shadow appeared, along with my laptop in armor mode. Transmutation! I yelled. Shadow and the armor both slammed into me. The armor became like my skin, and wings grew on my back. I started hovering in the air. Abbadon stepped forward, and took over. Like a flash, I shot behind Dusk, and hit him in the head. But, we were moving so fast, we hit harder than we had expected, and he flew several feet, before falling to the ground, knocked out. We had won.


Chapter Seventeen
 After the match, Abbadon relinquished power over my body. I immediately headed to check on Bakar and Cynthia. They were both fine, so I sat with them for a little while, talking about how I beat Dusk. Cynthia was amazed. Transmutation? You realize what you did? You absorbed both your Energy book and Shadow!
I nodded. I spoke with Shadow about this before it happened. He was content with doing this; he said something about having a second body.
She frowned thinking. Well, anyhow, you can control when your dragon armor comes out? she asked.
Yep I answered
I left her to think, and went to check on Dusk. He was lying in bed, awake. He saw me enter. You are truly powerful. In fact, I dont have to guess why. He said.
I frowned. What do you mean?
Dusk took a deep breath. Nobody but Lance Starfinder could be that powerful. And besides, I dont forget old friends easy, Abbadon.
	You know Abbadon? How? I asked.
	We were both trapped in the abyss for a long time. We became friends during that time. This was all before the great demon king, went on a rampage, and blew several holes into the abyss, allowing us to escape.
 I sighed. I guess it had to come out sooner or later.
He smiled. I wont tell anybody. Well, it is nearing time to leave back. I think I will be seeing you around in your Magi College, if your headmaster allows me in.
 I went over and gathered Cynthia and Bakar. We headed to the teleport station. We got to the engraved circle, and imagined the front of the Headmasters room. The world spun, and we were standing back in Magi College. We knocked on the Headmasters door. He opened it. We did it I said.
The headmaster laughed, and hugged us. There was a huge party for us, because now many new students were streaming into the school, because of my awesome victory. We all soon started getting a fourth roomie. This went on for weeks. One day, as we returned from classes, we noticed a letter on my bed.
 I opened it and read it. Lance, Bakar, And Cynthia. Your unit will be relocated to house an extra addition. Relocation takes place immediately. Go to room 204 after you finish this letter. Your new roommate awaits you.
 I looked at them. We all started packing up our stuff, preparing to move. I removed my space enchantment on the room, and it shrunk back to normal. After we got all our stuff, we went off to find room 204.
 We found it, and entered. We looked around and saw 4 beds. The room was a blueish gray, with lines painted on the sides. We had a glass roof that looked up onto the stars. I plopped my bags down on one bed, and Cynthia and Bakar did the same. We started moving our stuff to our draws. Hey, didnt the letter say the roomie would already be here? asked Cynthia
He is Came the reply from above.
We looked up, and saw Dusk sitting on one of the bunk beds. Dusk! Come down here I yelled up, laughing.
We all introduced ourselves properly, and went to bed. The next morning, we showed Dusk around the school, and we talked about past experiences. We told him about Abel, and how he was still on the loose somewhere, and that many experts were looking for him. Then it came time for finals.
 To pass finals, we had to beat a circle five monster in the arena. No problem. When I was called up, I just had my ruby use Bone Sentence, and the monster was slaughtered. Bakar unhealed its heart, and it died from a stopped heart. Cynthia surrounded its head with mist, and it killed itself because of poison. Dusk just opened his mouth so wide it could just go around the monster, and he ate it.
 With finals done, we spent the next weeks getting to know each other better. We all studied spells and generally messed around. None of us had anywhere to go for the summer, so we decided to all stay in the school. Cynthias parents were both working all time, so she couldnt go there, and Bakars parents still didnt like him. I couldnt go home, because Im still a criminal and I would be arrested. Dusk couldnt go come because that he would not return until he was a full-fledged mage.
 So when summer came, we all stayed at the school, because we had nothing better to do. There were a few other units that stayed as well, but we didnt really know them too well. There were also a few teachers left, but not too many. About two weeks into summer, the castle shook. We went out to look at what was going on and were stunned. There were monsters. Monsters everywhere. We immediately started calling for help. Within moments, the entire remains of the school were up here. We cant let them destroy our school! I roared
Get them!
I jumped of the balcony, and my dragon armor grew around me. Abbadon took over, and We flew around the battle field slashing and destroying minions. Just as we launched a massive black hole into the enemy, we saw a glimpse of Bakar unhealing groups of enemies, and teachers fighting, and summoning monsters. I summoned a few goliath skeletons to help me fight. As we pushed all the monsters back slowly, there was a massive blast.
 Retreat! somebody called
We all pulled back to the battlements. The monsters retook the ground we had just fought for. Why did we fall back? I growled.
Look somebody said, pointing at a large figure.
Then we watched as Abel emerged from the crowd of monsters.
Students of Magi College! Today, you will fall before the might of my master! I give you only one chance! Leave the school now, and I will spare your life! You have 5 minutes!
What do you want with the school? I called to him.
Your school, the first magic academy, is the first of five magic academies. To be able to take Terra, I must conquer all five in order, and take the making stones from each one. You only have three minutes left!
	Why do you want to take over Terra? Bakar yelled.
	Because it is the source of magic! You fools, Dont you know that many powerful demons like my mas me, have been locked out of it? We simply want back in to destroy it!
 We talked with each other for a little. He wants us to just leave the school? But we have too many artifacts to gather in five minutes! This is unacceptable! We will fight! one of the students yelled.
Everyone took up the chant. We shall fight! We shall fight! The chant rang throughout the school. Then I turned back to the monster crowd. We will never surrender! We are the Magi! Fear our might!
As we continued the chant, a strange power entered me. The voice returned. Hello, Lance.
You know that you wont be  able to beat him on your own, dont you?
I nodded.
Well then, I guess its time for me to finish the triangle. My name is Michel, and I am the angle.
An amazing power filled me. Light began streaming out of my eyes. I am Michel, I am Abbadon, I am Lance! Together, the angel, devil, and human jumped from the school. Holy Cannon! we roared. Black death! We roared. Black light streamed from my left hand, and white light streamed from my right.
The twin beams destroyed hundreds of monsters, but more came to take their place. We laughed. The school roared a challenge and charged into battle with me.
Abel faded back into the crowd, allowing his minions to die. I was so mad, my now twin swords started glowing. Suddenly, bones from the monsters I had killed flew up and slammed against my swords. Slowly, they all melted into them, and the swords became longer, and wider, like a very long cleaver, but with spikes along the blade. I grinned. Now were talking
I swung it at a monster near me as an experiment. It was much faster than before. It cut clean through his hand. Then as I watched him, bones in his body burst out from under his skin, and he was turned into a living porcupine. I grinned. I name youThe Twin Boneplagues
 Slowly, Twin Boneplagues disease spread between the monsters, it didnt take long to reduce much of the monsters population. They all pulled back near Abel, whose presence seemed to counteract Boneplagues disease. I saw that Bakar was dragging Cynthia off the field, because of a leg injury.
 I walked up to Abel. One on one. I said.
I win, and you and your monsters leave and dont come back. You win, and we surrender. Deal?
Abel thought for a moment. Deal he said. I launched forward, and my Boneplague slammed into his clawed hand. We traded blow for blow, matching each others power and speed. Suddenly, his tail whipped out and stabbed me through the heart. Abel cackled. It looks like you lose, Lance. Say goodbye now I burst into laughter. 
You cannot beat us that easily, we are the servants of the Lord! We carry his will, and by killing the human half, you just allow us free reign! Besides, we have three hearts, one on each plane of existence, hell, earth, and heaven. Our human heart will regrow. Now, die!
We raised the twin Boneplagues. They started glowing with black and white light. At a speed faster than the human eye can trace, they launched forward, and carved him into pieces.
 Foolish human, you may have beaten mebut youcantpossiblechallenchallengeShargon... Abel collapsed to the ground, dead.
 A massive cry arose from the demons, and they retreated. Shouts of victory were heard all over the battlefield. The moment the last demon had left the battleground, I fell to my knees. Abels words ran through my head. The war wasnt over.
	But, I couldnt give up yet. After all, Cynthia and Bakar owe me a cake for saving the school. For now, I think Ill Just sleep.
	My body toppled forward, and I fell into blissful darkness. 
