Blood Defiance  A Novella
The Night Stalker Crew Series



By Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2013 by Alina Meuangkhot


Smashwords License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes provided that this book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.



* * * * * *



WARNING

This book contains intense violence that may be offensive to some readers. Discretion is advised.



* * * * * *



Chapter One

So hungry, so fucking hungry, and I wanted out! I slammed opened my bedroom door and flashed to the landing. I looked down the stairs and growled. Giggling like a maniac, I jumped the stairs, landing silently in a crouch. I threw my head back, causing my long blond hair to go in every direction. Sire, I called and straightened, stomping into the darkened kitchen. I yanked open the refrigerator and scowled, squinting against the bright glare. No blood! I exclaimed. Does this mean I get to go hunting? I asked cheerfully, turning around and stabbing a finger into Svens chest. He grunted and caught my wrist in an unbreakable hold. Well? I continued, inclining my head to the side and smiling at him. He pulled me into his arms and away from the refrigerator, kicking it shut.
No, no hunting, he said softly. Liana will be back with blood soon, I promise.
And brains? I asked hopefully, sighing and practically drooling in pleasure at the taste of blood and brain matter. Too bad brains couldnt last even a minute outside of a skull.
Jordana?
I blinked and refocused on my sire. Yes?
There will be no brains.
I pouted at him. Why not? They are delicious. You should try it.
He pulled back slightly and grimaced. No thank you. He inclined his head, as if listening to something. My ears perked up when I heard someone entering the house. Relax, Sven said, sighing. Its only Liana.
Only? I asked and pushed away from him. I flashed from the kitchen and for the front door. I snatched the cooler of blood from Liana before she even made it over the threshold.
Someones hungry, she said dryly as I snapped opened the coolers lid. I scowled as it was snatched from me. I bared my fangs and hissed. Liana put up a hand. Take it easy, she said to me. Take it easy. Lets go to the kitchen first, okay? And then you can have as many bags as you like.
Jordana, Sven called to me. Come, sweetheart. I snarled and spun around, flashing back to the kitchen and flounced into a chair, grumbling. Liana came in after me and set the cooler on the counter. Both of my sires eyes were on me, and I tilted my head back, until I was looking up at the ceiling.
Dont mind me, I said, giggling. Ill just count the dust on the ceiling. I had no idea how long I stared at the ceiling, but the next thing I knew, a hot plastic bag was pressed into my hand. I looked down and brought the blood to my mouth. Two thousand three hundred and eighty-one, I sang under my breath.
Sven chuckled, patting me on my head. Drink up. I looked at him, eyes narrowed, and bit into the bag. I sighed and glared at him. What? What did I do now? I drained the bag and crushed it in my hand.
This is disgusting, I complained and tossed the ball of plastic at him. He caught it and sighed. Why do they even bother with putting those stupid chemicals in the blood? I got up and pushed my way past him. His hand shot out and grabbed hold of my arm, bringing me to an abrupt stop. I snarled and jerked, twisting and punching him in the stomach. He growled, and I yelped as my arms were twisted behind my back in a painful angle.
Please, he said as I back kicked him. Dont do this. I screeched and let myself go limp. His hold tightened on me, and I hit the floor, taking him with me. With a sharp mental command, I sent the clock flying toward his head. I growled as Liana plucked it from the air. Sven flipped me over, and he growled at me. I growled right back. Stop it. I hissed and bucked. It was like struggling against a fucking brick wall. My head jerked up, and I sank my fangs into his neck, releasing a massive quantity of venom into his bloodstream. Sven snarled and pushed off of me, tearing his neck even more. I flashed to my feet and ran headfirst into a window, shattering it. I could feel Lianas glare at my back, as I flew outside.
I inhaled the fresh air and skipped down the sidewalk. I crossed fifteen streets before I came upon a rogue, and yes, I was counting. Actually, I was singing it. I came to a stop and grinned.
Hey, the rogue called, walking up to me. Whos the lucky prey? he asked, seeing Svens blood on my mouth. I slowly licked at the blood and shrugged. He stopped before me and smiled. You still hungry? I nodded eagerly. You mind if I join? I shrugged. Is that a yes? I shrugged again, his fted breath threatening to turn my stomach. He nodded and stepped to my side. Lead the way, gorgeous. Smiling to myself, I continued down the sidewalk. So whats your name?
I looked back at him, still grinning. Why does it matter? I asked sweetly and tried not to giggle out loud.
He smirked. I guess not, but a name would be nice.
Hmm, I said in thought and turned into a darkened side street, stopping when we came upon a dead-end. You can call me brain-eater.
He looked at me dubiously, stopping in front of me. Brain-eater?
I looked at him innocently, my eyes going wide. Whats wrong with brain-eater? Dont you like it? I asked, pouting.
Why brain-eater though?
My eyes narrowed on him. I have a secret, I hissed softly. But you cant tell anyone.
A secret? he asked, interested.
I couldnt help it, I giggled. A big one.
Whats the secret? I wont tell a soul, promise. I beckoned for him to come closer. He did, and I bent to his ear. What is it? he asked when I didnt say anything.
Impatient are we? I asked, putting a hand on his jaw and stroking lightly.
Very.
Well, I whispered, drawing out the word. I like to eat brains.
He stiffened. What? he spluttered.
Like yours, I said cheerfully and wrenched his head all the way around before he knew what hit him. I laughed at the sound of broken bones and dug my fingers into his neck, tearing at the flesh until the head parted from the body. Brain, I hissed excitedly, and I shoved my hand into the mass of tissues until I found what I was looking for. Brain brain brain! I yanked out the brain, and my fangs flashed, as I quickly devoured the bloody cauliflower-like organ with glee. Laughing, I banged my head against the dirty brick wall, as all of the rogues memory washed over me. Babies, I said breathlessly. He likes babies and young boys. I banged my head harder and licked the blood off my fingers. He killed lots of humans, mostly blonds. He hates blonds. I stopped banging my head and bent to the body. I love you too, Randy. I like your hideout, I said and giggled. Will your friends be sad? Wandy wont be coming back. No no no, no coming back. I picked up the head and lifted it to my mouth, letting the remaining blood pour down my throat. I sighed when there was no more drop left. I tossed the head against the other wall and tilted my head to the side. I licked the blood off my lips and walked to the head and picked it back up. I turned and waved to Sven and Liana. They groaned and made their way over to me.
Oh sweetheart, Sven said, sighing. What have you done this time?
Id done nothing, sire. I held up the head. Trophy? Liana shuddered and made her way to the body. Sven stopped in front of me, and I hugged the head tightly, crushing it even more in the process. Trophy? I repeated.
No, no trophy, he said and held his hand out for the head. Please, give it to me. I dug my fingers into the eye socket and pluck out an eye. I held it up to him. Sven groaned and took it from me. I pluck out the other eye and gave it to him. Giggling, I ripped off the ear and handed it over. It turned into a full-blown laugh at the expression on his face. I doubled over, clutching at the head. When I was done laughing my ass off, I straightened and ripped off the other ear. Jordana, he groaned, taking the ear from me. Please, just give me the whole thing.
I pouted. But I am not done yet, sire. I still have a nose and a tongue left to go.
He looked up toward the sky. Make it quick.
Of course, I said and bit off the nose and spat it at him. He caught it as I reached into the mouth and yanked out the tongue. See? All done. I flipped the head over and peered inside. But no more brain, I said, sighing.
Jesus Christ, Liana hissed, shuddering. She held out her hand, and I dropped the head. She caught it and flashed to the other side of the alley. I heard a sound of a whoosh as she started a small fire.
Come, Sven said, holding out his hand to me. I grabbed it, and we made our way over to her. He tossed the ears, eyes, nose, and tongue into the fire, and we watched them burned into ashes. I smiled and kicked gravel and dirt into the fire. Liana straightened and came to stand on my other side. She put a hand on my shoulder, and I turned to her, a grin on my face. She cupped my chin and inclined her head in thought.
You are a monster, she muttered under her breath, and I giggled. Jordana?
Yes?
Please, will you tell us what happened to you? I stilled, not even breathing. Sven put a hand on me, and everything went dark. We appeared back in the kitchen, and Liana gave me a pleading look. I ducked from between them. I strode to the window and looked out.
There is not much to tell, I said tonelessly as my sires came to stand behind me. Only blood, pain, and darkness. What else is there to know?
Many things, Sven said softly.
I dont have much to tell, but none the less, I shall let you inside. I slowly turned to them. Id like Tristan and Ari to see and hear this as well, I said, and Sven blinked.
Are you sure? he asked.
Oh, Im quite sure, I hissed. Because I wish not to relive it for a second, or a third, or a fourth, or you get the idea. I laughed. Whats the point? Im reliving it over and over every day. My poor, poor, precious mind, how ever could I survive? I sighed and leaned against the window, the one I didnt so spectacularly break with my head. Sven looked at me for a very long, long time and then nodded.
Very well, he said slowly, and his gaze went distant. When he refocused on me, he once again nodded. They are waiting. Whenever you are ready, you may begin.
I nodded, and my gaze went to the ceiling, and stayed there. I will take you back to 1801, I said, and dropped every defensive guard I had in place. And as Sven, Liana, Tristan, and Ari slipped inside my head, I closed my eyes, ignoring the startled hisses from Ari and Liana, and the angry snarls of Sven and Tristan. And smiled. 


* * * * * *



Chapter Two

Poughkeepsie, New York, 1801

I inhaled the crisp night air, saturated with the smell of fresh hay, and the sound of horses whinnying in the distance. Turning to the sound, I made my way toward the stable. Opening the door, I stepped inside		 and straight for one of the stalls. Stellar, I crooned, stepping into one of the four stalls. Stellar, a stallion, coat as black as night, looked up at my approach. I reached out a hand, and he trotted forward. I patted his head and smiled. He snorted as tingle ran up and down my back, telling me that someone was either directly behind me or approaching. I grabbed a curry comb and started grooming the horse. Sire, I said without turning.
Jordana, Sven said, coming to stand beside me. How are you on this very night? he asked, reaching out to pet Stellar. Have you fed as of yet?
My stomach clenched at the reminder. I have not. I was going to perhaps feed after I go out for a bit of a short ride. It wont be long.
He sighed. Why do you hold off on doing such a minor task?
I shrugged. Perhaps Im not that hungry at the moment.
Very well, he said under his breath. But you will feed before the night is through.
I nodded, even though it wasnt a question. I will, sire.
He stepped back and ruffled my hair. Are you going to saddle him up? I shook my head and took the bridle he was holding out to me. After finishing with grooming and putting the comb and brushes away, I put the bridle on and led Stellar from the stall and outside. Sven sighed. I will see you soon, Please be careful.
I turned to him and smiled. You know I always am.
He chuckled. That you are. That you are. I turned back to my horse and led him to the town gate. Let her through, Sven called out to the watchmen standing guard. The two humans saluted me and raised the gate.
Be safe, my lady, one of them said and waved me through. I smiled at them and jumped on the horse, gently kicking him to start moving. I directed Stellar down the long dirt path, making my way toward the next town over.
Fifteen minutes in and not half way to my destination, I hissed and forced Stellar to a stop. I jumped off of him and directed him back home. He whinnied and kicked out with his hooves. Go home, I said to him. Now, I urged, pushing the command into his mind. With a loud snort, he galloped away. Not a second sooner, something slammed into my back, and I fell face-first to the gravel pavement.
Grab her, a female voice said from above me. Well done, Kirstin.
With twenty of us, she wont be able to escape, Kirstin I presume, said cheerfully. Jordana, Sven yelled in my head. What is going on? Before I could respond, something landed on me and shattered. Purple mist surrounded me, and I was out.
I slowly came awake, but I kept my eyes shut, and my breathing even. With my other senses, I picked up several people standing outside a closed door, but I couldnt hear what they were discussing. Must be a soundproof room, I thought and mentally growled. What happened to me? And where in the hell was I? I mentally reached out to Sven and froze when I came up against a shielding of some kind. What the hell? I thought. That was when I felt the tingle of magic along my skin. I silently cursed, slowly blinking my eyes open. Hey! I yelled and got to my feet. What the hell is going on? The door opened, and a vampire and a witch behind her, stepped inside.
Ah, youre finally awake, the vampire said and smiled. Im Shilen Devoreau, and you are?
I glowered at her. Where am I?
Youre still in New York. Now please, tell me what your name is.
Jordana, I snapped, all of a sudden very annoyed with her. What am I doing here? I looked around the small room. Where the fuck is here?
She sighed. Were in an abandon shop. We made some modifications to the building. Such as this room were in. Modification my ass, I thought. More like, fortification via magic.
I see. Why have you brought me here?
Youll find out, she said with a sigh. Soon enough.
I scowled at her. What is that supposed to mean?
She ignored me and nodded to the witch. But first, Im going to re-sire you.
I quickly took a step back. You cant re-sire me. My sire is not dead.
Oh I know, she said smugly. But I have a way to get around that. Once Im done, hell feel the bond break just as clearly as if I've taken your head. She smirked, and my hand itched to rip her heart out of her chest. Do you know how painful it is for a sire to lose a child? She glared when I just stared silently at her. I heard its very painful for the creator. A long minute of silence hung in the air and still, I said nothing. So tell me, who is your sire?
Why does it matter when youre going to re-sire me?
My curiosity is eating away at me, she said dryly.
All right, Ill enlighten you even though it wont make a difference. I smiled, knowing full well that I wasnt going to likely escape. My sire is Sven Skarshlen, I said, and laughed as Shilen stumbled backward, out the door, eyes widening in shock. I hope he haunts your every waking moment, and every time you close your eyes. Knowing I wasnt going to be able to kill them all and make my escape, I lunged for the confused witch. I snapped her neck before she knew what hit her. I was a blur as I hit Shilen, sending her crashing into the wall behind her.
Kirstin! Shilen shouted. Stop her! I grabbed Kirstin, her hands raised to cast. With not a second to spare, I wrenched her head around, dropping the lifeless body to the floor. Six more dead bodies hit the floor, before I felt the painful tug in the very center of my being.
Necromancer, I wheezed and catapulted to the ground. I grabbed another witch, and her bloodcurdling scream died off abruptly, as my hands locked around her neck. My body arched as the pain of being torn in two grew. With my very last breathbefore darkness and the bright yellow ball of light consumed meI broke the witchs neck, taking her with me as I fell backward into the embracing darknessmy last thought was how pissed off Sven was going to be.
When I came to, I groaned and winced as I sat up abruptly. My stomach clenched in hunger, and I hissed, flashing to my feet. I reached for the door and yanked it open. The two witch standing guard on either side of the door gasped. I grabbed the brunette by her hair, and before a single syllable of a spell could leave her lips, I snapped her neck. I grabbed the blond and yanked her compulsion necklace from her and tossed it aside. One hand around both of her wrists and one hand clamped over her mouth, I pulled the witch into the room, kicking closed the door. I snapped her wrists, and she screamed. Her eyes flew open, and I rolled her. Her expression went blank, and I smiled. Silence, I hissed softly. Her screams cut off abruptly, and I removed my hand from her mouth. I have a couple of questions, I growled, staring deeply into her blue eyes. Is Shilen my sire? I asked and braced myself for the answer. I didnt even dare reach out with my mind to find out.
Yes, the witch replied tonelessly.
I inwardly shuddered. How long have I been sleeping?
Two days.
Good, now tell me, are there any chance I can escape? If not, tell me why.
No chance of escaping, because you were ordered not to leave, and the shop is surrounded by magic.
Brilliant, I muttered. Just fucking brilliant. I looked up to the ceiling and groaned. Sighing, I looked back at the witch and nodded. Very well, I said. Then you are going to do something for me. Youre going to follow it through exactly as I command. Do you understand?
Yes, I understand.
I smiled. You, my sweet witch. You are going to play spy. Youre going to follow Shilens every single order. When the time comes, whether it's a year, ten years, centuries from now, youre going to convince her to contact one of her children. Whatever it takes, youre going to convince her to make contact with Liana. Once that is done, youre going to wait a while, and then youre going to send an anonymous message to the head of the Vampiric Council, informing him that I am either dead or alive, and tell him who re-sired me. After that, youre going to get a blade and slit open your own throat, deep enough that it will kill you in matter of seconds. If you think you are close to being caught before your task is complete, you will kill yourself the same way you would if you were to complete the task. I leaned in. Now, do you understand your instruction? I whispered.
I understand.
Wonderful, you will not scream until I tell you to, I said and sank my fangs into her neck, drinking deeply. I groaned at the sweetness of her blood and regretfully pulled back after one last mouthful. I cupped her chin and sighed. With a hiss, I ripped open my wrist and pressed it to her mouth. Drink, I commanded. The witch pulled hard at my wrist, and I smiled as hot flashes of sensation coursed through me, creating an unbreakable bond between us. To break a blood bond, one must die, and it sure as hell wasnt going to be me. I pulled back my healed wrist and stroked her chin with a thumb. What is your name?
Angelina.
Well, Angelina, one last question. What is Shilens planning to do with me?
She is planning to break you, make you insane.
Ah, fuck me, I hissed. I was going to make breaking me, an awfully difficult one for her. I closed my eyes and took in a deep breath. After a few seconds, I opened my eyes and blew out a breath. Very well, I said and making sure there was no trace of my blood on her mouth, I led her out of my room. You will not tell anyone, not even your closest friends about your task. Do you understand?
Yes.
When I release you, youre going to grab your necklace, and then you are going to scream. Loud, I said, and lifted the compulsion. Smiling, I watched her walk to her necklace and pick up the jewelry. A split second later, my ears throbbed painfully, as she gave a bloodcurdling scream. I stood there, until I spotted four witches headed my way. I flashed to the still screaming witch and bashed her head against the wall, hard enough to knock her out. I turned and screamed as four red balls of light struck me simultaneously, sending me crashing to the floor several feet away. Two of the witches closed in and grabbed me, dragging me back into my room. My hand locked around the wrist of one of them, and I yanked until she fell on top of me. The same red ball of light that was meant for me, hit the witch. She was dead before she drew in her next breath. I painfully got to my feet and tossed the lifeless body into the witch in the doorway.
Eleanor! a witch I couldnt see shouted. Get clear! Eleanor, the witch I threw the body at, ducked and quickly got out of the way. Something rushed past my ear, and I hit the floor as magical binding held me in place. I fucking hate being a fledgling, I silently snarled. I seethed. I cursed up a blue streak, glaring at the three witches watching mean excited gleam in their eyes.
Well well well, Shilen drawled from the hallway. She came into view, and I sneered at her. What do we have here? My foot up your fucking ass! I mentally shouted, not giving a shit if she heard me or not. Jordana Leivlend, she said, smirking and stepping into the room. Youve killed eleven of my witches in cold blood.
I smiled. And I plan to kill many, many more.
She laughed, and I wanted to punch her. Oh, you wont be killing anymore of my witches after I break whats left of your sanity.
I laughed. And how long do you think that will take?
She growled and took a step toward me. By the end of the week, youll be nothing but a slave, she hissed. From now on, you will address me as mistress. Is that clear?
I rather tear out my own fucking heart than address you as such, I hissed.
You dare to disobey me? she snarled.
Oh, I said and grinned. Oh, I dare. I jerked my head to the magical binding around me. And you dont have the guts to speak to me without your precious group of witches watching your back. Tell me Shilen. Are you afraid of me?
Never, she spat.
I smirked. Then tell your friends to release me.
She turned and snapped her fingers. Release her, she said and spun back around to face me. The magical binding lifted, and I slowly got to my feet. She stalked over to me, until we were standing nose to nose. You will obey me in all manners, she hissed.
Oh, I think not, I hissed. You cant force me to do your bidding.
She smiled. Oh, but I can. The command of a sire to child is strong. You wont be able to resist.
I took a step back and laughed. I laughed until tears streamed from my eyes. I couldnt help it. You are going to resort to the bond between us to control me? That is low, even for you. I took in a deep breath and let it out. But I shouldnt be surprised in the slightest bit. Shilen screamed and rushed me. I flashed several steps back before meeting her midway. I snarled and punched her, so hard that her head snapped back with the force of my blow. In her momentary of shock, I shoved her across the room. I leapt for the witches in the doorway. I grabbed one around the throat and punched my hand into anothers chest. I snapped the neck of one and ripped out the heart of another.
Kieran! Shilen shrieked. Eleanor screamed an incantation, and I dodged the green ball of light aiming for me. I ran for the window, but before I could reach it, I gasped and doubled over as the pain of being torn in two came over me once again. Eleanor shot a spell at me, and I screamed, falling to the floor. Shilen flashed over to me. Pulling out a dagger, she stabbed me in the chest, missing my heart by an inch. As I lay in the middle of my own pool of blood and in tremendous pain, I knew that it was only the beginning. The beginning of many more endless nights of pain. And suffering.


* * * * * *



Chapter Three

Topeka, Kansas, 1875

They succeeded, in breaking me. Though it took a little over seventy years, they have succeeded. And though it pains me to say it, I was glad of it. I may be mentally out of it per say, but I still believed that one day, just one fateful day, I was going to escape from under her clutches. It may take a hundred years, two hundred years, a thousand years, but I wasnt going to give up so easily. I knew Sven and the Council believed me to be dead, but I was going to prove them wrong. When my head parts from my shoulders or my heart explodes from my chest, thats when Ill stop believing, and hoping. For the millionth time that night, I bashed my skull against the stone wall behind me. Pain ripped throughout my whole body. I convulsed, I screamed, as my body arched and twist.the magical enhanced barbs lining my collar discharging over seven hundred and fifty thousand volts into my brain. I screamed, as my world spun around me like a rollercoaster. I screamed, until I had no voice left in me. I curled up into a ball of quivering messmy own blood dripping and pooling around me. I had no telling of time passing, or anything for that matter. The door to my room slowly opened, and a human servant cautiously entered, a cup of what I knew to be blood in her trembling hand. I didnt look up to acknowledge her, I didnt even move. I was so hungry, so damn hungry, and I was a few seconds away from having another episode. My lady, the servant said softly, her voice shaking so badly, I was a little surprise she could even form a word. My lady, I have brought you dinner. With trembling hand, she held out the cup to me. The smell of her blood was so enticing that I drooled. I didnt want the small amount of cold animal blood in the cup, I wanted her. I slowly, slowly lifted my head, and looked at her. The cup dropped from her hand, and she recoiled back a few steps.
Dont go, I said sweetly. Stay a little longer, I pleaded and slipped into the humans mind as easy as slipping into water. Please, come closer. I wont hurt you. Gripped in terror and unable to resist my command, she came closer and stopped before me. The pain wracking my body finally receded, and I slowly and ungracefully got to my feet. I swayed slightly, and I put out a hand to steady myself. The shackles around my wrists, ankles, and neck clang loudly in my over sensitive ears, grating on my every nerves. I snarled and lunged for the human. The buzz of my collar was my only warning. I drove my fangs into the servants throat, gulping down the warm, sweet blood. Pain once again took over my mind and bodythe humans wasted blood spilling from my mouth. I hung on for dear life and ripped open her throat. Her shrieks died off with a satisfying gurgle, and with every ounce of my strength, tore off her head, letting the body hit the blood-coated floor with a thuda split second before a ball of red light hit me directly in the chest. My vision wavered, and I hit the floor, hard.
You cant seem to want to die, do you? Eleanor sneered. I gasped, painfully taking in air, and I laughed. Whats so funny?
You, I said and wondered if I was going into hysterics. She snarled, and I screamed as a purple ball of light slammed into me. Is that all you got, witch? I screamed and struggled against the pain. Her face grew redder in her anger. Is the big bad vampire afraid of me? Is that why she is using you to do her deeds? She stomped into the room and yanked on my collar. White light exploded in my head, and I writhed as I was once again, hit with the full blast of seven hundred and fifty thousand volts of magic shooting into my brain and throughout my whole body. Im going to have your brain for dinner! I screamed before blissful darkness took me under.
My eyes flew open, and I smiled into the darkness of my room. I lay very still, basking in the kill of the human servant. She wasnt my first kill, nor was she my second. And she wouldnt be my last. In 1825, I changed from a law-abiding vampire, into a rogue. I knew, from my first kill, that I wasnt going to be the same, sweet vampire I used to be. If I was going to stay one percent sane in this fucking shithole of a place, I had to kill. I had to rip something apart with my bare hands and fangs. I had to feel hot blood filling my mouth. When I kill, it was bliss, it was heaven. I gloried in it. I welcomed the beast within me, and I cherished every moment of it. I inhaled deeply, taking in the smell of blood, both old and fresh. I slowly sat up, careful not to trigger the collar around my neckfour inches of barbs embedded into my skin. If I were human, Id be riddled with scars, so many scars I wouldnt even know where one began, and where one ended. But none the less, I wasnt a simple human. The door once again opened, and the one vampire I loathed with every cell of my body, stepped inside and closed the door behind her. I didnt give away how much I hated her, I simply smiledmy eyes tracking her every move. Wipe off that smile, she said sweetly. Or Ill do it for you.
My smile turned cruel, and I chuckled. Make me, I rasped. Bitch, do it, if you got the guts. I. Dare you, I hissed and threw back my head, and cackled with glee as pain shot from my neck to the top of my head and downward. You cant control me without your magical shackles, I snarled and writhed on the floor. Shilen Devoreau shrieked, and tears spilled from my eyes as she reached out with her mind and mentally whipped me raw. All the while, I screamed, I laughed, I cursed her to the deepest parts of hell. I cursed her very existence. Hell, I cursed the whole god damn motherfucking world. Black spots danced before my eyes, and I took in a deep, raspy breath, and shrieked her ears off. Only when blood poured from her ears did she stop with the whipping. My contorted body slammed back to the floor, and I was once again, out like a light.
When I next regain consciousness, Shilen was still in the room, looking down at me with pure hatred. This time, there were two witches and a necromancer with her. I smiled at Eleanor. She hissed and took a step toward me. Shilen reached out a hand to stop her. Dont get close. My lips curled in disgust.
One day, Eleanor, I said conversationally. Ill have your head as a trophy. Youll be my first witch I kill since 1801, I hissed. And Ill take great pleasure in doing so. I smiled and sighed, going back to that fateful night. Do you remember? Because I do. I remember it as clear as day, I said with a wistful sigh. Eleanor screamed and jerked out of Shilens hold. I laughed. Temper, temper, I said sweetly. Did poor little me hit a nerve? You should feel honored, I said and laughed hysterically as short burst of pain penetrated my skull.
Let me kill her! the witch shrieked.
No, no, no, I sang. I have a much better idea. I suddenly stopped laughing and smiled creepily. Release me! You fucking! Cunts! Release me! Release me! Release me! I shouted, so loud I was surprise that the whole building didnt collapse in on itself. What a fucking shame. I curled into myself, gasping in air as pain coursed through me like wild fire.
No, Eleanor, Shilen said sweetly, not taking her eyes off me. I have a better idea. The witch smiled and followed her from the room. The other two took one last look at me before closing the door and locking it. Once again left alone in the dark, I went over many ways to kill every single human, witch, necromancer, and the one vampire I hate. Pain slowly, oh so slowly dissipated as I imagined tearing limbs from body, hot blood sliding down my throat, digging my fingers into soft flesh and breaking bones, and so, so much more. I smiled, as I once again, slipped into unconsciousness.
I came awake with a jolt. I gently sniffed the air, and my stomach clenched in pain. The sound of a babys cry finally penetrated my fried brain, and my mouth watered at the tantalizing scent of blood. My head whirled, and I found myself panting and growling at the infant girl just out of my reach. My world went black, and I remembered nothing else but that sweet, sweet blood of the baby. When I came back to myself, I was holding the broken, lifeless small body of the girl. I dropped it and stared emotionless at the locked door. They were going to torture me with babies, I silently hissed. How typical of them. I looked down at the body. God help me, I wanted more. I slowly licked my lips and sighed. Whoever stuck the poor infant in the same room with me was going to die, right after I killed the witch. I tore my gaze from the body and glared at the door, wishing I could shoot fire out of my eyes. I kicked the body across the room and hissed as pain shot up my leg. You brought a fucking baby to me? I screamed. A fucking baby? I strained against my shackles and didnt care that pain took me over. I doubled over, as blood poured from my neck. You brought me a fucking baby? I repeated. If youre so desperate, bring me another one, I snarled. One after another, until Im addicted, I hissed and mentally hit the door. It shuddered against my assault a split second before it lit up with white light and shot toward me. I screamed as the light engulfed me, burned me, and propelled me backward until I slammed into the unyielding stone wall. I crumpled to the floor as darkness closed around me.
I moaned and slowly peeled my eyes open. How on earth did I not slip into torpor? I lay there, all my strength gone. I couldnt even move my head even an inch. Well well, Shilen said from the doorway. You shouldnt exert yourself like that, my dear.
Oh, I whispered. Call me that again, and Ill cut out your tongue and eat it.
She laughed. Is that a way to talk to your sire?
Sire, my ass, I said weakly. You were never my sire.
Oh, but I am. Its my blood thats running through your veins. Or have you forgotten?
I rather bleed, I growled. I rather stake myself than recognize you as my bitch of a sire. I sucked in a pained breath as she jabbed me in the side with her foot.
How was that baby? she asked sweetly.
Baby? I asked blankly. Baby, I said slowly. What baby? I dont know of any baby. She hauled me to my feet and slapped me. I smiled. The slapped was nothing compared to my brain getting fried. I suddenly had the urge to giggle, but I forced it back. I honestly have no idea of what baby you are talking about. She smirked and ripped open her wrist, pressing the bleeding wound to my parted mouth. I sank my fangs in deep, taking a long pull of her blood. I withdrew and tilted my head back. I glared and spat the blood in her face. She screeched and jerked away from me. She wiped the blood off and slapped me, so hard that something in my neck snap. Before consciousness could take me over, she once again ripped open her wrist and pressed it to my mouth.
Drink, she snarled, and I silently curse up a storm as I was forced to obey her command. At that moment, I cursed the existence of a sire bond. I wanted to claw her eyes out as I pulled the warm blood into my mouth and swallowed. Very good, she said sweetly, running her fingers through my hair. Just a couple more pulls. After my third swallow, I withdrew my fangs, and uncaring about the pain I was going to once again be inmy hand flashed, grabbing a hold of her wrist and snapping it. Shilen screamed, and I smiled.
Dont you ever, I gritted out. Show me affection again. You, I hissed. Dont deserve my respect. I laughed as she raised a hand to slap me. Is that all you can do? Slap me senseless? I stroked a finger over my magical, custom-made collar. This one has more of a punch to it, I said. Want to see for yourself?
Stop, she screeched before I could slam against my restraints. I automatically froze, and I glared at her. Im going to release you, she hissed. I stared at her in shock.
Im sorry? I said and giggled. What did you say? My giggles turned into a full-blown laugh as I just stared at her.
You heard me, she snarled.
Did I? She ignored me, and I fell forward, hitting the floor as my shackles and collar opened and fell off of me. The chains scraped along the floor as it was pulled from under me. Blood trickled from multiple wounds in my neck, and I just laid there, confused to why in the fuck she released me. Because she sure didnt release me, just to free me out of the goodness of her withering heart. I stifled a giggle and pushed myself into a sitting position. I shoved my blood-matted hair from my face and stared questioningly up at her. I fingered one of my wounds, inclining my head and trying very hard not to giggle out loud.
You need a bath, she snapped.
Oh, I said in surprised. How very thoughtful of you, I hissed and got to my feet. A blood bath Perhaps?
No! You stupid girl, she hissed.
Awww, I said and smiled. Too bad. I pointed a finger at her. Because it would surely make up for the many years youve deprived me of my need for blood, I hissed, throwing back my head and screamed my enraged mind to the ceiling. I punched the stone wall beside me, and I welcomed the pain as my knuckles split. Shilen stood silently, watching me as I took out my rage out on the walls, minus the door and her. Snapping her wrist was one thing, but making her bleed was another thing all together. Fuck! I silently shouted in my head. Magic! I dont know how long I punched and kicked the wall, but all thoughts of precautions flew out the window. I whirled around, and punched a smug Shilen in her pretty face. She staggered back several steps, blood spurting from her nose as I doubled over in pain. Fuck! I gasped. You! Bitch! I hissed, and fell into the blissful darkness, of the void.


* * * * * *



Chapter Four

Birmingham, Alabama, 1902

Time was a blur to meflashing before my eyes. During my frequent short period of sanity, I remembered glimpses of what Ive done, what Ive become. I remembered the blood, the screams, the panic cries, the plea for mercy, but for most of the times, I only remembered darkness, pain, and blood. I mentally shook myself and growled. Reaching out with my mind, I pushed the urge into Angelinas mind to come to me. A moment later, the door to my room opened, and Angelina entered, a frown on her face. Angelina, I said cheerfully.
Jordana, she hissed. What have you done to me?
I looked at her, confused. I have not the slightest inclination to what you are talking about, witch. I smiled. Free me, Angelina. If you dont, Im going to kill Olivia, and if you think Im jesting, Ill simply reach out with my mind and give her a headache. Soon after, it will look like she died of a brain hemorrhage.
Ill do it, she said quickly, her panic rising. Leave my sister alone.
Free me, and I will. Angelina put a hand into her pocket and pulled out a key. Fuming, she stomped over to me and stuck the key into each shackle. They fell to the floor with a loud clang, and my hand shot out, yanking the necklace from Angelinas neck. Before she could react, I stared into her eyes and let my compulsion wash over her. Go back to what you were doing, I said, handing the necklace back to her. Take this and put it back on. Ill see you in a few minutes, I finished and released her. I followed her out the door and watched as she continued walking, turning the corner. Not a second sooner, Shilen came toward me from the opposite direction.
Jordana, Shilen said with a smirk. Who let you out?
I shrugged. Does it matter? She stopped before me and inclined her head. Dont you have somewhere to be? I asked, sighing.
Yes, she drawled. I do have somewhere to be.
Dont let poor me stop you then.
Get back into the room, she snapped.
Why? I asked, arching an eyebrow. Are you afraid Im going to escape?
Fine, dont. Walk around, I dont care, she snarled and flashed away.
I made my way down a hallway lit up by several torches on either side. I smiled to myself. It was time for Eleanor to die. Her death was way overdue. Now if I only knew where she is, I thought and inhaled deeply. I fingered the spiked collar around my neck and chuckled. A barbed collar switched out for a spiked one. Whats next? I wondered and stopped before a door. I pushed open the thick wood and stepped inside. The witch, Angelina, looked up from staring at the six candles in front of her. She gasped and put out a hand. I flashed to her and clamped a hand tightly over her mouth. No, I said slowly, barely shaking my head from side to side. If you utter a single word of that spell, Im going to kill your precious little sister, I hissed softly. She gulped and dropped her hand to the table. I smiled and took a step back from her.
Jordana, Angelina said in a shaky voice.
Angelina, I said and picked up one of the candles. Are you meditating?
Yes, she said and took in a deep shuddering breath. I am. I smiled and blew out the flickering flames before setting the blue candle back on the table. You shouldnt be up and wandering about.
Oh, I said with interest. Why shouldnt I be? Its not like Ill be able to leave in the first place. I stepped closer to her. Trust me, I hissed. Ive tried. I reached out a hand and played with the gold chain around her neck. She stiffened at the touch of my cold fingers, and I smirked. Tell me, I whispered.
I cant.
Cant? I growled, my hand stilling on the side of her neck.
I cant, shell kill me.
Oh, I said with a sigh. Thats too bad.
Her eyes widened. What are you saying?
I wonder, I said thoughtfully. This necklace of yours, does it lose its enchantment over time? Or is it a permanent thing?
Jordana, please, dont do this.
I stroked a finger over her carotid artery and giggled. Do what? I asked, looking at her with confusion.
Please dont take my necklace.
I frowned. Why would I do such a thing? She looked at me pleadingly. I sighed. This necklace protects you from my compulsion, but I wonder if it will protect you from this.
From what? she squeaked and jerked away from me. In answer, I pushed into her mind. I laughed, as she fell to the floor with her arms around her head. She screamed, as I sifted through her memories. Please, she begged, blood trickling from her nose. Stop, please stop.
Oh, but Im not done yet, I said, still laughing as images of her sacrificing humans played in my own mind. I quickly flipped through her thoughts until I found what I was looking for. Vampires, I said and clapped my hands together. I slipped out of her head, excitement coursing through me. Shilen is capturing vampires now, I said with glee. This is going to be wonderful. I bent and yanked her necklace from her.
No, she gasped and squeezed her eyes shut.
I laughed. Open your eyes, Angelina. Or Im going to find Olivia and snap her pretty little neck.
Why are you doing this? she asked and moaned. She opened her eyes, and I smiled.
No, no, I sang under my breath. I have a better idea, I said, stroking her cheek with a finger. Her whole body trembled, and her blue gaze full of hate glistened with tears. Im going to make you kill your own sister, I whispered and smiled, a split second before her expression blanked of all emotion, as my compulsion hit her. But first, you are going to tell me where Eleanor is. She and I have some unfinished business to settle.
She is in the garden, Angelina said in a bored tone.
I smiled. You are going to call her back inside. Ill be waiting, and you will not inform her of my presence. Is that understood, my sweet, precious witch?
Yes.
I grinned and picked up her necklace, putting it around her neck and snapping the clasp together. Go now, I said and released her.
So quiet, I said under my breath a few seconds later. So, quiet, I sang and cross the spacious room to the window. I pulled back the heavy curtain and peered out. I stared into the distance, no road to be seen. I sighed and looked up at the sky. Why wasnt there ever any comet? Or a god damn wishing star? Was it too much to ask for? A little sign of hope in this hellhole? I watched, as the orange glow of the rising sun slowly crept across the sky. By the end of the week, I was going to be somewhere else, in a different state. What would I give just to go a night without pain? Without hearing Shilens grating voice? Without my brain being fried? Id give anything, just to slip into torpor for a year. And then, and only then, will my poor mind be at peace. I didnt have to watch the outside world change around me, while I was stuck in my little magical prison. Oh how I despise witches. If the prissy little bitches couldnt control me, who do they bring in? A god damn motherfucking necromancer. Kieran, I spat. If I somehow broke free of Shilens hold, I was going to have his brain on a fucking platter. I lowered my gaze from the sky and slowly turned, letting the curtain fall back into place as footsteps sounded from the hall. I moved to a shadowy corner of the room and stood very still, not a single breath leaving my body.
What is this about? Eleanor huffed in clear annoyance.
I need help with a spell, Angelina said calmly, but I could detect fear in her voice, and I could taste it. It was exhilarating.
What spell?
Angelina took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. A holding spell.
Angelina, Eleanor said, stopping in the doorway. This whole building is full of spells and enchantments. What do you need a holding spell for?
Angelina stepped into the room and walked to the table. Remember what Shilen told us? she asked, lighting the blue candle I blew out earlier with a snap of her fingers.
Eleanor walked into the room, closing the door behind her. She leaned a hip on the table and smirked. Ah, that. I remember now. I eyed the silver ring around her pinky and smiled. That compulsion ring must come off, I thought, and launched myself at the witch. Eleanor screamed as I tackled her. She grabbed hold of my collar and yanked. The short burst of pain that went off when I launched myself at her, exploded in my skull. My hand around her left wrist, and gasping, I pulled the ring from her finger. My body contorted, and I met her panicked, furious gaze.
Stop, I snarled. Eleanor froze, her hand dropping from the collar. I rolled off of her and stared at the ceiling, panting as blood pooled around me. Angelina shook herself from her shocked state and rapidly spouted something. A ball of purple light shot toward me, and I screamed, curling into myself.
Release her! she shouted as I clutched the ring in my hand. My free hand shot out and grabbed her ankle, yanking her to the floor and disrupting the second incantation. Heaving for breath, I painfully pulled her closer, until I could reach for the necklace around her neck. I pulled it from her and threw both ring and necklace onto the table, barely missing the candles. I slowly moved into a sitting position and looked Angelina in the eye.
Youll be silent until Im done with Eleanor. Got it? I hissed.
Yes.
I grunted, slowly getting to my feet. Eleanor, I said, the pain slowly receding. Get up. Eleanor got to her feet, and I smiled, walking over to her. Now, when I release you, youre not going to cast any spells, or scream for help, and youre going to do everything I say. Youre going to answer all of my questions. Is that clear? I asked and looked around the room.
Yes, Eleanor replied in a monotone.
I growled as I spotted a twelve-inch ceremonial knife on top of one of the shelves. Perfect, I said and giggled. I walked over and picked it up. First, I continued, walking back to Eleanor. When will Shilen be back?
Nightfall.
Wonderful! I exclaimed and held out the knife to her. Take it. Eleanor took the knife from my outstretched hand, and I dropped into a chair behind me. I sighed. Tell me again why you cant take this collar off of me?
I cant because I was compelled not to. And if you force me, Ill die before I finish saying the first word of the spell.
Really? Did she also compel you to put some kind of death spell on yourself?
Yes.
What happens if the spell is triggered?
My heart will explode from my chest.
I sighed. What a pity, though I love to see it for myself. Perhaps at another time, I said and released her from my compulsion. Now then, I said and blew out the candles, plunging the room into complete darkness. Eleanors heart pounded loud in my ears. She whimpered, and I took a moment to enjoy it while it last. Fear poured off of her in waves, and I licked my lips. I took in a deep breath and slowly let it out. If any servant comes looking, youre going to stab each one of them in the throat, and then youre going to kill them with magic if they dont die fast enough for my liking. Do you have all of that? I asked sweetly. She nodded jerkily, unable to form words. Good, good, good, I said in excitement. How long has it been since you all captured me? Has it been a century? I waited, and laughed when I got nothing but whimpers. During those many years of nothing but repetitive frying of my poor brain, I got extremely bored. So you will be my entertainment of the day. You along with Olivia, and speaking of, where is she?
In the library, Eleanor squeaked, and I smiled.
Excellent. Now, I want you to take that lovely beautiful knife and slowly drive it, inch by inch, into your stomach. You will not stop until the hilt is all that can be seen. Eleanor slowly drove the blade into her stomach and gasped in pain, as blood began to pour from the wound. Brilliant! I said cheerfully as tears ran down her face.
Why are you doing this? Eleanor cried out and swayed on her feet.
Because, I said, giggling. I want to. I want you dead, and I want your brain. Her pained sob filled the room, and she finally fell to the floor, her hand sticky with her own blood. I sighed in pleasuregoing back to 1888my very first taste of the cauliflower-like organ. Veronica was her name. During one of my episodes, Id killed her, and I apparently took a large bite out of her brain before it dissolved in my hand. The next thing I knew, I had the witchs whole life in my head, and a surge of power came over me, strengthening me both physically and mentally. Over time, I found that my power over such things like telekinesis became stronger, and my strength, speed, senses became more enhanced. Too bad it didnt help much in the insane department. I snapped myself back to reality and found Eleanor still sobbing and bleeding to death. I smiled when I couldnt see any part of the gleaming blade. Well done, I said and inhaled the delicious scent of witch blood. Now pull out that knife and stab yourself in the leg, preferably your inner thighs. I got up and crouched beside her. Eleanor gave a small scream as she followed through with my command. Too bad I cant have you do more, I said and leaned over her. All this blood is making me very, very hungry. I lowered my mouth to her neck and growled, licking at her fading pulse. So sweet, I said and sank my fangs in deep, draining what was left of her. Swallowing my last mouthful, I got up and walked to Angelina, who didnt move an inch from where she laid, prone on the floor. Get up, I said, licking the remaining blood from my lips. Angelina got up, and I nodded to the door. Were going to pay your sister a visit, and you are going to kill her when I tell you to. Also, you will not scream for help or cast any spells my way until your sister is dead, and youll do everything I say. Do you understand?
I understand.
I smirked and pointed to her necklace on the table. Grab it and put it on. While she did that, I walked back to Eleanor and ripped her head from her shoulders. I quickly extracted the brain and devoured it. I closed my eyes and shuddered as all of Eleanors memories bombarded me. I held back the urge to bang my head against something hard. Instead, I shook my head, snarling as pain stabbed through my skull. When it was over, I waved to Angelina and pointed to the door.
Out in the hall, I once again inhaled deeply. I looked down at myself and grimaced. Like always, I was completely covered in blood. I glanced at a seething Angelina and smiled. Start walking, witch. She started walking, and I followed. A servant rounded the corner and stopped abruptly in shock. Kill him, I said cheerfully. Now. The male human took in a deep breath to scream, but it was too late, as Angelina hit him with a ball of red light. I kicked the human out of the way and went up a flight of stairs. We turned left and stopped before a partially closed door. I looked back at the trail of blood and thought about getting on my hands and knees to lick up the wasted red liquid. I sighed and shrugged, putting a hand on the doorknob. I pushed open the door, and I gestured Angelina inside. Olivia gasped when she caught sight of her sister, covered in blood.
Angel! Olivia exclaimed. What happened to you? Her eyes met mine, and she screamed. Loud. I laughed, as seven witches ran, slipping and sliding up the stairs. The first spell hit me from behind, and I flew screaming through the air. I crashed through the wall to land hard in the lit fireplace. Blinding pain consumed my whole body as my skin sizzled and more spells struck me full on. I roared and rolled out of the fire. Along with pain, rage boiled up inside me, and I screamed. I screamed until the room practically shook on its foundation. I lunged for Olivia and drove my fangs into her neck. I quickly drained her as Angelina screamed. I gasped for air as my vision dimmed to pinpricks. The necromancer came into view, and I hissed.
Kieran! I screamed and launched myself at him. The necromancer caught me effortlessly and pounded my head into the wall, knocking me out.
I opened my eyes to find myself back in shackles and chains. I curled my upper lip from my fangs and snarled. Night must have fallen, because Shilen was once again, standing in front of me. Dont you have something better to do? I hissed.
You killed Eleanor and Olivia, she said calmly.
I laughed, a little hysterically. I did, and I enjoyed every single second of it. Shilen snarled, and I hissed as she mentally smacked me upside the head. Whats wrong? Were they your favorite? I am so, so sowwy. She screamed and pulling out a blade from somewhere, stabbed me in the chest and through my heart, paralyzing me. If I could move, Id bang my head into the wall behind me. Oh, I said, staring at her. Kill me. I gladly welcome death. It is so much better than having to look at you. Growling, she yanked the blade out, and I smirked.
I will not give you the satisfaction of death, she hissed.
I pouted. Well fuck, I muttered. That sucks.
You damn right, she snarled.
So, I said and tried not to laugh. Did you capture a vampire for me? Does this mean I get to have a roommate?
No! she shouted and yanked on my collar, slamming me against my restraints. I screamed, as pain ripped throughout my whole body. I screamed, until darkness once again claimed me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Five

Princeton, New Jersey, 1920

Blood poured from my wrists to pool on the floor, three feet below me. I swung this way and that way as twelve silent witches filed into the circular room where I was being held. It was currently my torture chamber of the week. I hissed at them. I growled at them. I cursed at them. They continued to remain silent, staring at me dispassionately. I screamed as I yanked my hand from the circle-shaped spiked clamped-like thing hanging from the ceiling. Tears streamed down my face as I flayed my own hand to the bones. Stop her! one of the witches finally shouted. A long ragged scream tore from my throat as I yanked my other hand free, hitting the floor in a heap.
Im going to drain each and every last one of you! I screamed. And I hope you all suffer in the fiery pits of hell! My slowly healed hand shot out and grabbed the ankle of one of the twelve witches, pulling her toward me. A spell hit me, and I screamed. I snarled and sank my fangs into her leg, grunting as she kicked at my head with her free one. I pulled back and lunged atop of her, flipping us over in time for the next spell to hit her instead of me. One down, I silently gasped. Eleven more to go. I was about to painfully shove the dead witch off of me, when my world went out of focus. I stopped trying to push the witch from me and just stared up at the rotating hand spikes, suddenly feeling very docile.
Quick! another witch shouted. She is no longer lucid enough to fight us! Grab her! Everything sounded so far away as they pulled the dead witch from me and picked me up between them. I smiled at one of the torches in the room and lifted one of my hands that were still regenerating skin and tissue. I waved at the flickering torch.
Pretty light, I painfully gasped, and as they dropped me onto a long narrowed table, I sent the pretty light sailing through the air. I laughed hysterically as I mentally send not one torch flying at them, but all sixteen of them. Fire! I shrieked, rolling off the table and laughing my ass off. The shrieks of the witches were music to my ears as they burned, trying desperately to put out the fire. I half cried, half screamed as I got to my feet. I stumbled from the room and slammed my bleeding hand into the throat of a necromancer I didnt recognize. He choked, and I hissed as he whipped a blade down my side. I snarled and slammed into his head. And just as quickly, he slammed me out. Valirio, I said as cheerful as I could while in pain. I glanced back into the circular room and smiled when I saw only five witches standing, badly burnt, but still alive. I sucked in a pained breath and doubled overthe smell of death magic heavy and thick in the air. Going to tear me into two? I gasped and groaned. I hit the floor on all fours as my world wavered. As five spells hit me simultaneously, I gave a pained smile and fell onto my side, letting the peace of the darkness close around me.
Voices, voices, voices, all I heard were voices. Please, can they just shut the fuck up? And oh, did I hear babies? I practically drooled at the thought of fresh sweet warm innocent blood filling my mouth and sliding down my throat. I bolted upright and snarled, snapping my fangs at Shilen as she poked me. Youre going to have babies for dinner, she said with a smirk. How does that sound?
That sounds delightful, I growled, hissing in pain as blood poured from my neckevery muscle as taut as cable. Im drooling all over myself just at the mere thought, I said through gritted teeth. I also like a serving of brain on the side, and make sure the brain is from your own skull. I seem to think that yours has more of an extra-flavored quality to it. Shilens hand shot out, and I held back a scream as she sent me flying into the far wall. For the briefest of seconds, my vision winked out as I felt the painful tug of my soul. I squeezed my eyes shut, cursing virulently at the very day she was made into a vampire, hell, the very day she was fucking born. I forced my eyes to open, and I glared contemptuously up at her. Why do you now have two necromancers at your beckon call? I rasped out. Was I getting too difficult for you to handle with just one? Shilen yanked me up by my collar and slammed me into the wall. I let out a small scream and shoved at her, hard. She went flying back into the opposite wall, and I smiled cruelly with satisfaction. Where are the babies? I hissed. And laughing, I bashed my head into the wall behind me. I screamed at the barrage of pain shooting into my skull, but I kept at it, bashing my head over and over, not stopping even as blood streamed from the multiple self-inflicted wounds. Shilen snarled something to me, but I couldnt hear a word she said as blood pounded loud in my own ears. If I sent myself into torpor in the next thirty seconds, itd be a god damn fucking miracle. A fucking miracle that couldnt come soon enough as Shilen grabbed hold of my hair and forced me to a stop. She slapped me, and I sighed at the stinging burn of it.
Did you hear me? she spat.
I grinned like an idiot and held back a hysteric laugh bubbling up inside me. Of course I heard you. You snarled something akin to, Oh, well Jordana, the babies are downstairs, squirming and crying their little eyes out, waiting impatiently for you on a sacrificial altar. I wrenched away from her, causing another blast of pain to course throughout my whole body. How close am I to being correct? I gasped, tears burning the back of my eyes.
You want babies? she snapped. Fine, Ill grant your request, she hissed and kicked me out the door. Before I could get up, magic hit me and what was left of my strength, drained from me. Pick her up, she hissed to someone I couldnt see. I painfully drew in air through my mouth, my head falling back as Kieran lifted me into his arms. Take her downstairs.
You know, I said weakly. Anyone ever told you what a moody fucking bitch you are?
Open that mouth one more time, Ill rip out your tongue and shove it down your throat.
I sighed, as we made our way down the long flight of stairs. Do it. And well see if vampires can regenerate limbs and organs. I laughed weakly. Itll be a wonderful experiment. Dont you think? We came to a massive oak door. Kieran pushed it open and tossed me inside. I snarled and cursed at him as pain rippled through my body. I inhaled sharply and wished I didnt, as the sweet scent of babies assaulted me. My mouth watered, and I growledthe pain of my hunger hitting me with vengeance. I heard the closing of the door, and I snarledrealizing that my strength was slowly returning to me. One day! I shouted over the ear-piercing cries of the babies. This is going to come and bite you in the god damn fucking ass, bitch! And Ill die laughing my ass off! I swallowed my own saliva and slowly sat up. You! Fucking! Bitch! I shrieked. I snatched a baby and snarled at her before ripping her throat out, instantly silencing the infant. I drained her completely and tore off her head. Reaching inside, I extracted the brain and devoured it with a sigh. Getting up, I looked around, ignoring the throbbing pain to my poor eardrums. I groaned and grabbed another baby. Panting and trying not to drool, I drove my fangs into the soft delicate skin and moaned. The shrieks of the babies sounded so far away as the red haze of my vision deepened. My head spun, and before I knew it, everything went black.
Coming back to myself, I sucked in a sharp breath from the agonizing pain. I gasped, relishing in the delicious taste of sweet blood that was still lingering in my mouth and all around me. I looked around and cursed. I dropped whatever I was clutching and glared at the door. All of the babies were dead, and I had no idea how many Id killed. I had no idea of time passing as I sat there, blood covering the front of my shirt, hands, and mouth. The room was silent but for the sound of my ragged breathing. The debilitating pain slowly ebbed, degree by degree, until I was able to stand. I slowly made my way around the dark room, surveying the carnage Ive created. There was blood everywhere and bones scattered throughout the mess of unrecognizable shit. I walked to the door and kicked it, cursing as pain shot up my leg to settle in my skulla clear reminder that day by day, my state of lucidity was slipping. I bared my fangs and hissed. Get your fucking bitch ass in here! I snarled. I yanked on the doorknob and cried out as red light shot into me, throwing me across the room. Fuck! I shouted. Magic! Ignoring the stabbing pain, I got up and slowly walked to the door. Panting, I rested my forehead against the cool wood and inhaled the saturated air. Taut as a cable, I fought the urge to drop on all fours and lick up every last drop of blood. I was not going to go there. It was bad enough that I wanted more, more of that warm sweet, sweet blood, more brains. Why couldnt she just kill me and be done with it? Oh, right, she wanted revenge. I laughed humorlessly and straightened. Why the fuck couldnt Shilen just stayed dead? I silently snarled. I put my hand on the cold doorknob and slowly turned it. When it didnt shock my ass twenty feet across the room, I smiled. And, it wasnt locked. Hmm, I thought and slowly, silently opened it. I looked up the long flight of stairs and silently growled in excitement. Four witches were standing guard at the top of the landing, and I was still starving for blood. I silently went up the stairs, stopping behind a tall redhead. I could smell steel on her, telling me that she had a weapon hidden somewhere. My hand shot out, clamping tightly over her mouth. My other hand wrapped around her neck and squeezed before a sound could escape her. She silently struggled, as I dragged her down the stairs. I dragged her into the slaughter room and silently closed the door. Tell me something, I hissed in her ear. Is this room warded to keep sounds in? I pulled back my hand from her mouth slightly and released her throat. Tell me, is it soundproof? Gasping, she started mumbling something under her breath. I snarled and wrapped my hands around her neck, choking her until she couldnt get words passed her lips. Face turning blue from lack of oxygen, I released her. Tell me, you insolent little bitch.
Why does it matter to you? she rasped, gasping for air.
Because, I growled. If you dont tell me, Im going to turn you into the very thing you hate, I hissed. Youll be like an animal. Youll be so hungry that you wont even know your own name. You wont be able to tell friend from foe. All youll think about is what you want. I smirked. You will lose all sense of control.
Her eyes widened. You wouldnt dare, she hissed at me, and I inhaled deeply, taking in the scent of fear pouring off of her. Shilen wont let you.
I smiled evilly. Do you think, I said softly. For one second, that I give a flying fuck what Shilen thinks? For that matter, do you think I give a rats ass if she kills me? I hissed. No, I dont, witch. Get that through your thick fucking skull, because it would make life easier for all of us. A feeling of emptiness came over me, and I gritted my teeth. Now tell me, or Ill turn you, and let you loose on your own coven. I was going to turn her anyways, but she didnt need to know that quite just yet.
Yes, she snapped. The room is soundproof.
Lets test that out, shall we? And before she knew what was happening, and ignoring the stab of pain, I bent and pulled out a knife from her boot. I smiled, and stabbed her in the chest. She screamed, as blood poured from her wound. Awww, I said sympathetically. Im so, so sorry. I pulled out the knife and handed it to her, hilt first. Reaching for her hand, I slid the ring off her finger. It hit the blood-coated floor with a tiny thump. Still screaming, the witch collapsed to the floor in a pool of her own blood and the blood of the infants. I leaned over her and caught her eye. Take the knife and sheathe it, I said calmly, while inside, I wanted to kill her. She took the knife from me and did what she was told. Stop screaming, I said and sank my fangs into her neck and drank deeply. A moment later, she stopped writhing and went limp, as images of her life continued to play out in my mind. In my head, I laughed evilly, as her heart finally stopped beating. I pulled back and tore open my wrist, pressing it to her mouth. Drink, I said, both mentally and out loud. A brief second or two past before Jocelyn swallowed my blood. I laughed out loud as she snarled and grabbed my arm and sucked at the blood with the fervor of a starving animal. I laughed harder, as fangs sank into my wrist. Oh, you poor, poor thing, I gasped, tears blurring my vision. I am such a bitch. I looked at Jocelyn and tried to stop laughing with no use. Giggling uncontrollably, I pulled my wrist away and closed the bite wound. Jocelyn bolted off the floor, hissing and baring her fangs. Stop, I commandedthe brief buzz in my blood telling me that my command to her was working. She froze, and I smiled. Good, I said slowly and pointed to the door. Lets see how many of your friends you can suck dry before you die. I got up and walking to the door, I opened it. Go and have fun, I said, holding back a laugh. Strike silently, fast and hard. Entertain me, my daughter, I hissed. Now. Chuckling under my breath, I watched as Jocelyn reached the first witch. She snapped her neck and was already snapping the second witchs neck when the third one spun around. I burst out laughing at the shock look on her face. A little slow to react there, I gasped and threw my head back. Laughing and screaming my head off, I watched as Jocelyn ran after the third witch. I flashed up the stairs and followed them, grabbing one of the dead witches and sinking my fangs into her neck. Draining her completely, I threw the body down the stairs. I heard Shilen shrieking, and I shrieked along with her, only, mine was a happy one. Ripping off the head of the second dead witch, I pulled out the brain and devoured it with a snarl.
What have you done? Shilen shrieked from behind me.
I slowly turned and grinned at her. Why, bitch of the year, dont you not love your granddaughter? I asked smugly, seeing Jocelyn struggling and snarling in Shilens arms, blood coating her mouth and chin.
You stupid bitch! Im going to kill her!
I shrugged. Go ahead. See if I give a shit. I only created her to piss on your happy parade. Shilen snarled and with one quick move, she tore Jocelyns head from her shoulders. I screamed as the pain of the bond breaking and the collar around my neck took me over. I cursed at her, as I fell down the stairs. Blinding pain consumed me, and it was a wonder I was still conscious, be it barely. Shilen flew down after me and kicked me back into the slaughter room.
Happy now? she snarled at me. That I killed your child?
That is the stupidest fucking question ever coming from you! I screamed. Werent you listening? You fucking bitch! I got to my feet and lunged for her, not giving a shit if I made her bleed or if I passed out from the pain first. I knocked her to the floor and punched her. She screamed as I continued to punch the living shit out of her. How many babies did I kill? I screamed at her.
She pushed me off of her and yanked at my collar. Twenty-five, she hissed, as darkness finally, closed around me.


* * * * * *



Chapter Six

Waterville, Maine, 1945

I wanted to go into torpor for a century, I wanted to just fucking die. I wanted to kill Shilen, her two necromancers, and the coven. I wanted to drown in blood. I wanted a lot of things. But most of all, I wanted out. And yet, here I was, still under the control of Shilen Devoreau. How much longer would it take for her to finally end my existence? From the looks of it? A very long fucking time. Slumped in my chains, I looked around the dark room, seething. Oh yeah, my only consolation in this hell hole of a life was that day by day, Shilen was becoming more and more afraid of me. I smiled at that fact and licked my lips. God, I was starving for blood. It was cruel going without it for days. How the hell was I still marginally sane? I inhaled deeply, wondering just how I was surviving all this. Yes, my poor mental stability wasnt fully intact, but still. I had my time of lucidness, like now, but how long would it last? Hour after hour, my window of lucidity was growing shorter, and my episodes of remembering mostly nothing was growing longer. Or it felt like it at least. I straightened and moved away from the wall as far as the chains would allow. I sank my fangs into my lower lip and growled low in my throat. One day Shilen, I silently growled. One day, youre going to fucking pay. I glared at the shackle around my wrist, wincing as I withdrew my fangs and swallowed my own blood. I wiped the remaining blood on my bloodstained shirt and snarled. Jerking on the chain around my neck, I let pain ripped through me. Screaming, I kept at it. Blood poured from my neck wound to splatter on the floor, but I didnt care. I rather welcome the peaceful embrace of darkness and silence than having to make nice with my fucking bitch of a sire. Oh, how I wish someone got the nerves to tear my head from my shoulders, or tear out my heart. The door opened slowly to reveal a human servant. He froze in the doorway, and I stopped jerking against my chains. I smiled at him and nodded to the cup in his hand. Is that for me? I asked sweetly and inhaled the sweet scent of blood. For once, it wasnt animal blood, it was fresh A positive. Come closer, human. He cautiously came forward and held the cup out to me. I reached out my shackled hands and took it from him. Tilting my head back, I downed the whole content in two swallows. I held out the empty cup to the human. As he reached for it, I grabbed his wrist and jerked him to me. I hissed, as electricity shot from my wrist and up my arm. I ignored it and threw the cup across the room where it shattered on impact. Before the human could scream, I pressed my fingers into his jugular, hard. It didnt take long for him to slip into unconsciousness. I smiled. Shilen never learns her lesson, does she? I whispered in his ear. What will it take to get the message through her thick skull that it is a bad idea to stick someone in a room with me? For that matter, alone? I licked the side of his neck and sighed. Oh well, I breathed and sank my fangs into his neck and drank, deeply. My red haze of a vision deepened as I quickly gulped down the hot sweet blood. Draining him completely, I withdrew my fangs and growled. One human was no longer enough, not anymore. I tossed the lifeless body away from me and glared around the room, clenching my jaw against the pain coursing through my body. This magical shock collar was getting old. Wait, I thought. It got old a hundred years ago. Why was I still wearing this piece of shit? Oh right, to keep me in line. I mentally snorted and sighed. Too bad the collar also negates my powers except for a tiny bit of mind control. That didnt do shit to get me free from this hellhole. Grrr, I wanted blood, and not just for easing my hunger either. The stirring of the air snapped me back to full attention, and I hissed at the tingle of magic in the air. The door flew off its hinges, and I screamed as six spells hit me simultaneously. My vision dimmed and my blood boiled, as rage clouded my every senses.
Do not approach her, one of the witches said in a calm tone. Oh, I mentally growled. You. Are. Going. To. Die. I screamed as my body arched in pain. Take her to the pit. Seeing red and my blood boiling, I lunged for the speaker. Pain continued to slice through my body as I grabbed her. I snapped her neck halfway through her incantation and dropped the body. The colorful spells blinded me, before darkness swallowed me whole.
I came to, screaming. Every inch of my body burnedthe smell of my own burnt flesh making me want to hurl. Someone dumped cold water on me, putting out the flames that were slowly consuming me. I spluttered, glaring up at the six witches, six vampires, two necromancers, and Shilen. I blinked the residual of the flames away, but it persisted in staying. Breathing raggedly, I looked around my little fiery pit and smiled painfully up at Shilen. What? I rasped out. Resorting to burning me alive now? Someone tossed a sealed plastic bottle at me, and I gasped.
Drink it, Shilen snapped.
You expect me to open this on my own? I wheezed through throat scraped raw. It felt like someone took a knife to it. The fuck do I know? They probably did.
Sit up. I glared at her and slowly, painfully sat up, catching the bottle of blood before it could roll away from me. Gritting my teeth, I popped the cap off the bottle and drained it. Instantly, I began to heal in a more rapid rate. I threw the bottle up to her and pouted when she caught it before it could hit her in the face. What a damn shame, I silently muttered.
Tell me something, I hissed. I always wondered about this. Why do you want revenge on Liana?
She killed me, Shilen snarled.
Really? I said in amusement. Damn shame that you didnt stay dead, I snarled. Like you were supposed to! I leapt out of the pit and glared at her. I stabbed a finger into her chest, wincing against the pain that wasnt going away fast enough for my liking. How it is that holding me captive will get you anything? What will you get out of it? Huh? My hand flashed, punching into the chest of the nearest witch and tearing out her heart.
Leave her, Shilen snapped as I dragged the dead witch to me and sinking my fangs in deep, draining her of what was left of her blood. I tossed the body away from me and gave Shilen a smirk.
Have you tried witch blood? I asked, licking the remaining blood from my mouth. Her eyes narrowed dangerously, but it didnt faze me one bit. I smiled. You should try it. Its very, very delicious. I sighed. When you feed off a witch, it feels like you are high and just coming down from it. I eyed the next closest witch. It's very addicting. I looked at the six silent, motionless vampires. I bet one of your vampires fed on a witch before. If you dont believe me, just ask one of them. I took in a deep breath, glad that the pain was more of a dull numbness than a stabbing, claw-my-eyes-out-and-just-let-me-die kind. I looked back at Shilen. So Shilen, why are you burning me alive? Are you that desperate to break me? You already have, you know.
She smiled. I plan to break you completely, she said sweetly. And give you back to Sven and Liana. You wont even remember who they are. You wont even remember your own name. And, your world will be so confusing that it will drive you mad every time you open your eyes.
I growled, and Shilen put up a hand to stop her little minions from attacking me. I, I growled, low in my throat. I will never forget my sire, I hissed softly and backhanded her. She flew into the wall with a shriek. And you! I shouted. Were never my sire!
Burn her! Shilen shrieked. I snatched one of the witches and hugged her to me as one of the vampires shoved me back into the pit.
Despite having your blood running through my veins, I will never! I shouted. Ever! Consider you as my god forsaken bitch of a sire! The witch in my arms shrieked and struggled like a wild animal, trying to break my hold.
Let me go, the witch said through gritted teeth.
No, no, I said with a tired sigh. If I must burn, then you shall burn with me.
Never, she hissed and struggled more violently.
Release her, Shilen snarled.
I looked at her and thought about it. No, I dont think I will, I said and clamped my mouth on the witchs throat. She screamed and elbowed me, hard. There was a hiss, and then all I could feel was pain, as I began to slowly burn. I gave a bloodcurdling scream as the sound of more whooshing met my ears. The witch broke my hold, and I snarled, as my vision dimmed in hunger, rage, and pain. She was not going to escape, I silently snarled. With every ounce of my strength, I dug my fingers into her neck, tearing and taking as much blood as I could. Screaming bloody murder, I held on until she finally went limp on top of me. My skin sizzled some more, and the pain was unbearable. I screamed until I could no longer scream. Just as I welcome death with opened arms, cold water poured over me. God, why couldnt they just let me die?
Feed her, Shilen snapped to someone I couldnt see. And here I was hoping Id slip into unconsciousness. Someone pulled me from the pit, and I let go, slipping into the cold emptiness of myselfa place that was never far from my reacha place where nothing mattered, nothing existed but the darkness and me. Numbed to the pain, I watched, as one of the vampires opened his wrist and fed me. Feeling out of body and out of mind, I didnt care what the fuck Shilen made me do next. I just wanted to kill. And I knew, when I came out of my state of psychoville, I was going to beat myself for it. Two more vampires fed me their blood, but I didnt taste the sweetness of it, or felt it as it slid down my throat. Shilen walked over to me and ran her hand through my newly grown hair, and I smiled evilly inside. What would she do, if I snapped out of it, and bite off her hand? Thats enough, she said to the vampire feeding me. She is nice and flushed. The vampire pulled back and nodded. Shilen cupped my chin and turned my head to look at her. I stared blankly at her excited face. Jordana, she said slowly, as if I was a fucking two year old. Can you hear me?
I smiled. Yes, I said flatly.
Who am I?
I continued to smile at her. Shilen.
Her expression turned furious. I am your sire, and you will address me as mistress, she snarled.
No, I said calmly. I will address you by your name or simply bitch.
She pulled her hand back and slapped me. You will address me as such, she hissed.
Do you want me to bow as well? My eyes narrowed on her, and I smiled. Never, I said softly. Not in a million years.
I will have you! she shrieked.
No thanks, I said and shrugged. Youre not my type.
She screamed, but got a hold of herself. I want you to do me a favor, she said after a few deep breaths.
And what would that favor be? I asked flatly.
She smiled. You will like it.
I slowly sat up and inclined my head to her. Will I?
Yes, she hissed. I want you to kill someone for me.
Who?
Mia. A cold dread came over me.
Mia who?
She smirked. Mia Vernicki.
The huntress?
Yes, thats the one.
I smiled creepily. It will be my pleasure, I hissed softly.
Good, she said, and I felt the brief buzz in my blood. You will kill Mia Vernicki, she commanded.
I nodded. I will kill her.
She clapped her hands together. Take her back to her room. Without any warning, four spells hit me, and I gritted my teeth against the pain. Kieran and Valirio stepped forward, and my world spiraled into darkness, as they tugged on my soul.
I had no idea how long I was out, but the next thing I knew, I realized that I was moving. The cloying feel of death magic and pure magic was making me dizzy as hell. I heard voices around me, talking about nonsensical shit I didnt even dare to listen in on. Wind whipped my hair back from my face, and if only I wasnt suffocating and nearly choking from the scent of death magic, I could enjoy the fresh air of the night. But noooo, I should be so lucky. Is she awake? someone asked from nearby.
Yes, another replied. Damn, stupid vampires and their heighten senses. Couldnt I be the only vampire here? I inwardly sighed as someone poked me. I kept my eyes closed and silently cursed them all. The stupid sons of bitches they were, all of them.
Open your eyes, dog, someone else hissed. Okay, that one needed to die. No one calls me a dog, no one! My eyes flew open and before anyone could reactmy hands were a blur as I grabbed him and snarled. Ignoring the nausea that swiftly came over me, I tore the vampires head off. For once, no pain threatened to pull me under.
Anyone else? I hissed.
"Enough, Shilen snarled. I smirked at the witch who was about to blast me from the car. Were almost there.
Good, I said. Because being cramped in this car with all of you is giving me a major headache. I looked around and admired the view outside the window.
Dont even think about escaping.
Who says I was thinking about escaping? I asked, not taking my eyes from the trees. They stopped before a trail, and I gasped as someone tugged at the center of my being. The death magic grew stronger as they dragged me from the car.
You will kill, Shilen said in a commanding tone. Nothing else, she hissed as the compulsion to obey became stronger. You will not run. You will return here once you are done, got it?
Loud and clear, I drawled.
If you try to escape, Kieran and Valirio will have your soul so fast, youll be dead in less than a second.
I glared at her. I said that I got it, I snapped. Now can I go and get it over with? She nodded and pointed to a small house a short distance away. Growling under my breath, I blurred through the trees and out of sight.
Keeping to the shadows, I peered into the window. Through the parted curtains, I could see the huntress sitting by the fire place, reading something. Fucking hell, I really, really, really didnt want to kill her. At that second, I hate the bond between sire and child. Snarling, I silently walked to the front door and mentally unlocked it. I was going to make this quick and as painless as I could. Too bad Shilen didnt command me to make it painful and torturous. Sucks for her, I thought. If she was hoping to hear a bloodcurdling scream, she was dead out of luck. I slowly opened the door and stepped inside, quietly closing it behind me. I walked to the living room and stopped in the archway. I frowned at Mia Vernicki, wondering why she didnt sense me. Then I inwardly cursed, stepping back into the shadows as she spun around. Whos there? she asked, setting the book aside and flashing to her feet. I remained very still, not even breathing. She rounded the corner and froze. My hand shot out and punched through her chest, and quick as lightning, I yanked out her heart and tossed it into the fire.
Sorry, I said and smirked, catching her lifeless body before it could hit the floor. I wrapped my hands around the neck and tore it from the shoulders. Reaching inside, I yanked out the brain and quickly devoured it. Mias life flashed in my head, and I gritted my teeth to keep from banging my head against the wall beside me. Not finding who I was looking for, I snarled and flashed outside. Returning to Shilen and the others, I hissed at them. It is done.
Excellent, Shilen said cheerfully. Now come.
Just one thing, I said slowly.
What?
This. I lunged for her and ripped open her throat. I screamed as pain struck me, fast and hard. Before I could do more to her, I hit the ground and writhed as the feeling of being split into two once again, took me over. Magic blasted into me, and darkness once again, dragged me under.


* * * * * *



Chapter Seven

Chicago, Illinois, 1978

Sometimes, I wondered why fate had to be so cruel. Instead of making it easier for me to escape, it only got harder as years blurred by in the blink of an eye. I wondered, how much more could I take? How much more would it take until Im nothing but a robot? Responding to only commands and nothing else? I stared blankly at the wall in front of me, motionless, as the freezing winter wind of Chicago buffeted the house. I prayed for a tornado, but knowing my luck, I wasnt likely going to get any. The house, fortified by magicmagic that knocked my ass unconscious every time I hit the barrier, tingled along my skin like static. I reached to the back of my neck and absent-mindedly rubbed the spot where a chip was located. No longer did I wear a collar, but that didnt mean shit. Nope, introduce the magical chip, and it had the same effect as the collar, if not stronger. It only took one push of a button on a remote, and I drop like a fucking stone. It was sad, to say the least. I slowly turned and walked from my room, slamming the door behind me. I didnt care if I startled everyone in the house. I walked into the kitchen and cross it to a hidden door. Having full confidence that I couldnt escape, Shilen so nicely and from the bottom of her heartless heart, gave me full rein of the house. How fucking nice of her, I thought dryly. I turned the handle and pulled the door open. Peering into the darkness, I inwardly sighed and went down the steps to the basement. At the bottom of the landing, I willed the door to slam shut and walked over to one of the holding cells. I wrapped my hands around the bar and smiled at the vampire chained inside. Its so nice not to be chained up anymore, I said in a conversational tone. But it still sucks that I cant get out of here. I sighed. Were you sired by Shilen? Wait, dont answer that. I know you were, because if you were not, you wouldnt be chained up like you are. I nodded to the thick chains holding him to the wall. Those chains are for precaution sake. Shes paranoid that one of her children will be able to break through the sire bond and disobey her commands. She gets a hissy fit when that happens. I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. But I love seeing her angry, its so entertaining.
Are you here to talk me to death? the vampire asked in a monotone.
Yes, I said cheerfully. I am.
You love to hear yourself talk, dont you?
No, I dont, but I have nothing else to do so Im deciding to have fun with everybody down here.
He snarled and jerked against his chains. Why cant I open the door with my mind?
I shrugged. Because Shilen ordered you not to. Or its locked by magic. I smirked. Im thinking its both.
What do you want?
Ah, I said, sighing and smiling to myself. What do I want? I have a question, I continued and mentally unlocked the cell door. I stepped into the tiny cell and punched my hand into his chest, wrapping my fingers around his heart. He gasped in pain and gave me a murderous look. I grinned and leaned in closer to him. And you are going to answer me truthfully, because if you dont, Im going to make your worst nightmares come true again. Do we understand each other?
Yes, he gasped, painfully drawing in air into his lungs.
Good, I said sweetly and released him. Slipping into his mind, I gripped it tight. The vampire screamed in pain as I slowly backed from the cell and relocked it. Now, do you know anybody by the name of Sven Skarshlen? I asked, easing my hold on his mind.
No, he rasped, panting from the pain.
What about Liana Drinley?
I dont know anyone by that name.
Hmm, I said and tightened my hold on his mind. He hissed, grunting. Do you know anybody from the Vampiric Council who governs us?
No, he hissed through gritted teeth. Fuck! I silently snarled. Ive been slipping into vampires minds and torturing them for over seventy years, and yet, I got nothing from them. They were useless information, and I just wanted to kill them all and eat their brains. It was a way better option to gaining all the information I was desperately looking for. I may not live to see a day of freedom in the Councils hand, but I would at least get what I wanted for over a century now. I wanted death.
Youre useless, I hissed and slipped from his mind. All of you are. With that, I let the vampire in front of me relive his wifes torture and then death at the hands of a group of masked men. From what I glimpsed in his mind, they were all humans, and she died while he watched. The vampire roared, and I smiled, as he jerked violently against his chains. Enjoy it while it last. It will go away soon, I said sweetly, both out loud and in his mind. I promise.
Im going to fucking kill you for this! he snarled.
Ah, I said, smirking. You will have to get in line, I continued, walking to the next cell. How about you? I said to the female vampire inside the cell. Lets see what you know.
I know nothing! she shouted over the roar of the other vampire.
Damn, I grumbled. What a pity. Glaring at her, I slipped into her mind and flipped through her memories. Finding nothing, I projected an illusion of her burning, screaming, begging for help, and no one coming to her rescue. She gave a bloodcurdling scream, and I sighed in contentment. In their minds, everything was real. They felt it, they hear it, and they see it like it was really happening. Walking to the last cell, I laughed. The last vampire lunged himself at me, but the chains held him in place. I pointed an accusatory finger at him. No no no, none of that now.
What did you do! he roared at me.
Nothing, I said, as innocent as I could manage it.
Bullshit! You did something to them!
I inclined my head to him. Did I? I asked blankly. He snarled, reaching for me. Uh uh ah, I said sweetly.
Why are you doing this?
Because Im bored, I said dryly. I have nothing else better to do. He cursed at me, and I smiled. Be a good vampire and let me see whats inside that head of yours.
I dont know anybody who goes by the name of Sven or Liana! he shouted.
I snorted. You think Im going to take your word for it?
Bitch! he snarled. Sighing, I pushed into his mind. As he continued to scream at me, I went through every memory. Seeing nothing, I pulled out and banged my head against the bars of the cell, over and over until some of the anger drained from me. Taking in a deep breath, I slipped back into his mind and flipped through his darkest memories. What are you afraid of? I thought and laughed.
You are afraid of scorpions, I said cheerfully.
What?
Dont worry, I wont tell anyone, I said and projected to him the illusion of being covered in thousands of scorpions, repeatedly stinging him over and over, crawling inside his mouth, up his nose, and so on. He screamed, jerking violently against his chains. If his arms were free, theyd be flailing wildly. I threw my head back and laughed.
Stop it! he roared.
It will be over soon, I said, turning to head back up the stairs. Have fun, I sang, going up the steps, stopping before the closed door. Oh, before I go and leave you to your playmates I slipped back into their minds and pluck out their memory of ever seeing me. I waved to them and pushed open the door, quickly slamming it shut behind me. The witch standing in the kitchen cooking, spun around to face me.
What were you doing in the basement? she hissed at me.
Does it really matter? I asked cheerfully.
I will inform Shilen of this, she growled, throwing down the wooden spoon she was stirring the bowl of something with.
You will? I asked, chuckling.
You cant stop me, she snarled.
I cant? I asked, pouting at her. Damn, thanks for that. Now Im sad. She looked at me as if I was the dumbest, clueless vampire in the world. What? She glared at me and turned to the archway leading out of the kitchen. I flashed up behind her and punched my hand through her back. She gasped and arched, blood pouring from her mouth. Just one tiny problem, I hissed in her ear. You arrogant witches are so confident about everything, arent you? I whispered.
What have you done? she choked.
What I am known for, I said and tore out her heart, letting her body hit the kitchen floor with a thud. I tossed the heart onto the counter and smiled. Next time, I said to the dead witch. Use your brain. You have it for a reason. I went over to the sink and washed the blood off my hands. Drying them off, I walked back into my room and lowered myself to sit on the floor and waited for the body to be discovered by someone. I stared up at the ceiling, and started giggling for no apparent reason.
I dont know how long I sat there, rocking back and forth, staring at the ceiling, because outside my door, voices could be heard. I stopped rocking and glared at the closed door. Its about time, I mumbled to the empty room. The fun is about to begin. Not a second sooner after I said that, the door opened slowly, and Shilen entered, a scowl on her face. I smiled. What is the matter, Shilen?
Nothing, she snapped.
Awww, did I take out another one of your favorite witches? I asked sympathetically. I am so, so sowwy.
She jerked me up by my hair and threw me across the room. You think youre so good at killing? Groaning in pain, I slowly got to my feet and glared daggers at her. You think youre so good at tormenting my vampires?
I shrugged. I never said I was good at killing or tormenting. Youre the one who thinks that I am. Im just doing it for the fun. Do you have any idea how boring it is being held against my will?
If youre so bored, she said, sneering at me. Then I want you to do some more killing. I believe youll be entertained for another century.
I clapped my hands together in excitement. Brilliant, I said cheerfully. When do I begin, and who am I going to kill this time?
A family of six.
I blinked at her. Oh?
Yes, and I command you to kill them all. Leave no one alive.
What is this?
A message to the Council.
Really? What did they ever do to you?
She cross the room and punched me. I groaned as blood poured from my nose and mouth. Damn, she stole my move, that fucking bitch. That is my business. And mine alone, she snarled.
You know what? I snarled. Fuck off! My hands shot out and sent her crashing into the wall. I flashed after her and sucker punched her in the face. I doubled over in pain and let loose every curse word I could think of. Shilen screamed, and reaching into her pocket, she pressed the button on the remote. Tremendous pain seized me, and I convulsed violently as my brain practically rattled in my skull. I hissed at her, before darkness closed in on me.
Someone was bitch-slapping the shit out of me. My eyes popped open, and my hand flashed, grabbing hold of the vampires wrist. Slap me again, and Ill have your head, I snarled. If you dont believe the words of an insane vampire, then I suggest you ask Shilen, the necromancers, or the witches. The female vampire nodded jerkily. I released her wrist and sat up straighter in the backseat of a car. As usual, I was choking on the odor of death magic clinging to me. I didnt even get a chance to organize my thoughts as the car came to a stop.
Let her out, said Shilen. I glared at her and elbowed Valirio in the throat. He choked. Smiling, I pushed open the car door and got out. Return here once you are done, Shilen hissed at me, and I inwardly cursed the buzz-like feeling in my blood. Same thing as last time, you try to escape, my necromancers will have your soul before you can even blink.
I spun around and just stared at her while snow fell on and around me. Say another word, I quietly warned. Ill throw no caution to the wind, and make a break for it, because I rather die than hear another word coming from you. You want this done and send a message to the Council? It is done, I hissed and flashed through the flurries of snow to the front door. I rang the doorbell and waited. A moment later, the door was opened by an average-looking woman with long black hair and brown eyes.
Can I help you? she asked and frowned at me.
Yes, I said flatly. You can. I shoved the door open wider and stepped inside; mentally slamming it shut behind me.
Whats going on? she asked, panic rising in her voice. Who are you? Get out!
Afraid I cant do that, I said and lunged for her throat. She screamed as I sank my fangs into her neck, tearing out her throat. Leaving her bleeding to death on the floor, I leapt for the husband. I knocked the knife from his hand. Screaming at me and trying to get to his wife, I backhanded him into the living room. Snarling, I kicked the glass table out of my way and was on him before he could get up. The sound of shattering glass, the cries of the children down the hall, I bared my fangs and struck, fast and hard. With the scent of blood permeating the air, I hissed and gulped down the hot sweet life-force of the human. My thoughts scattered, I released the dead human and flashed down the hall and into one of the rooms. A girl around the age of five screamed something at me, but I couldnt hear her. All I heard was the sound of hearts pounding, and the sound of rushing blood in my ears. This was bad, bad bad bad, really bad. I struggled to hold on to the here now, but it was useless, as my world went dark.
I came to and found myself covered in blood, again. I looked around and winced at the blood splattered walls. Growling, I stomped from the room I was in. Spewing epithets under my breath, I kicked out one of the windows and leapt from it. Fuck you Shilen! I silently snarled. Just fuck you! At the car, I flashed to the passenger side and busted the window. Reaching inside, I grabbed Shilen by the throat and throttled her. Feeling a presence behind me, I release Shilen and spun around, snapping the witchs neck. Dont ever try to sneak up on me, I hissed, barely getting the words out.
Lets go! Shilen shouted and grabbed me. Before I could punch her, pain hit me, and I was out.


* * * * * *



Chapter Eight

Davenport, Iowa, 1990

Agonizing pain ripped through me. I was burning from the inside out. I stared blindly at the hospital-like equipment and screamed, straining against the restraints holding me to the table. What the fuck did they inject me with? Its going to kill her, Kieran said from the doorway. Try draining her of blood and feed her the babies from the nursery down the hall.
That sounds doable, said Shilen. She loomed over me and smiled.
Fucking bitch, I rasped. She shrugged and pulling out a blade, she plunged it into my neck. I screamed, as my blood drained from me. I screamed, as I finally slipped into torpor. But I knew, in the back of my mind, that it wouldnt be for long.
I gasped, choking on something warm, and sweet. It was blood, not just any blood, but blood of an infant. Snarling, I jerked against my restraints, wanting to get my hands around the tiny human. It was pulled away from me, and I let out an animalistic growl. Quick, someone snapped. My mind was too clouded with hunger and rage to figure out who was talking and who wasnt. Keep feeding her, quickly before she breaks out. I screamed, snarling and fighting the chains around me. Someone slammed my head down and held it in place as something soft, warm, and squirming pressed against my fangs. Growling, I snapped my mouth shut and groaned as hot blood filled my mouth and slid down my throat. Before I knew it, it was once again jerked away from me. Able to think clearer than a minute ago, I opened my eyes and looked around the dimly lit room. Breathing harshly, I stopped struggling against my restraints and pinned Shilen with my coldest, calculating stare I could muster up.
What did you do to me? I growled. What did you inject me with?
She smiled and patted the screaming baby in her arms. Well isnt that the question of the evening, she drawled.
Well? I snarled.
Its an experiment.
Continue, I said through gritted teeth.
Its a drug to kill vampires, and you were the only vampire available to test it on.
Was I? I asked dryly, glaring at the four vampires standing silently behind her.
She shrugged. No one wanted to volunteer, but you. Oh, my fucking god, the nerve of her. And I have to say, the drug works. We drained you of blood so you wouldnt die, and then we fed you beautiful, sweet, adorable defenseless tiny bundle of squalling humans. She smiled down at the baby and patted its cheek reverently.
How many babies have I killed? I asked softly.
Hmm, she said thoughtfully. I wasnt keeping count, but I would have to say about fifteen or so. This little one is the only one left alive. Are you still hungry?
No, I snapped even as my stomach clenched in protest.
Release her, she said to one of the vampires. One of them came forward and snapped the restraints off of me. I bolted upright and grabbed him by the throat. I wrenched his head around and around, until it parted from the shoulders. I slid off the table and snarled as I saw the lifeless bodies of the babies. Are you hungry? she asked again.
No! I snarled, clenching my hands into fists at my side. I was still starved out of my mind, and god, I wanted the baby so badly that I was practically salivating. It wasnt helping any that the room was saturated in spilled infant blood. My head swam as Shilen came to stand in front of me, holding out the squirming, screaming baby. I couldnt even force myself to take a step back from her.
Take it, she commanded, and I screamed in rage as I felt the familiar brief buzz in my blood. Cursing, I took the baby from her. I snarled and ripped the infants throat out, drinking deeply while Shilen laughed her ass off. They all laughed, as I drained the baby completely. Lifting my head, I snarled at them, throwing the body at one of the vampires.
What is wrong with you bunch of fuckers? I shrieked. What have you turned me into? I grabbed the table and flung it at them. Why cant you just fucking kill me like I wanted you to? Grabbing the cardiac monitor, I ripped it from the wall and threw it at a fleeing vampire. You all are cowards! I screamed after her. Cowards I tell you! Cowards! I glanced at a calm Shilen and sneered at her. Especially you! I snarled. This is all entertaining to you, isnt it? You dont have the nerve to face the huntress who killed you more than two hundred years ago. You dont even have the guts to face the Council, and you consider yourself what? I didnt even give her a chance to answer. My hand shot out and did an uppercut to her jaw. You want to know what I think? I think that youre a fucking backstabbing ho who spreads her legs for every single male that comes upon you. Isnt that right? You stupid fucking shit ass good for nothing pieces of filth, I spat in disgust. Shilen screamed in rage and lunged for me. I grabbed a stainless steel tray and flung it at her head. I screamed, as hot rage took me over. Leaving a groaning Shilen, I flashed through the door and after the fleeing vampires. I wanted blood, and I no longer cared whose blood it was. Bodies of humans, both old and young littered the hospital hall as I blurred in front of a vampire, forcing him to a stop. Shilen wants me to go on a rampage? I asked and shoved into his mind. I smiled when I found exactly just that. Then Ill give her one, I hissed. Starting with you. Before a sound could escape him, I punched my hand into his chest and ripped out his heart. The whole event was a confusing blur to me as I kicked down doors, ripped medical equipment from sockets, breaking cabinets, shattering glass things, and killing everyone who got in my way. I dont know how long it lasted, but when I finally snapped back to reality, I was once again standing in front of Shilen. This time, Kieran and Valirio were with her, and I was, once again, drenched in blood.
Well done, Shilen said approvingly.
No thanks to you! I screeched. Why do I still want to kill? Who else did you want me to kill? I demanded.
Press the button, Valirio, she said, and I shrieked as darkness claimed me.
As the darkness lifted, I found my hand covered in hot blood. I looked down and snarled, yanking the humans heart out. I looked around and found bodies littering the blood-drenched, no longer pristine white carpet. Fuck, I moaned and spun around. Before I could reach the front door, I convulsed and was out in a split second. What the fuck are you doing? I shouted as I came to. Im not your fucking toy you can order around! I shrieked.
But yet, you are, Shilen said with a sigh. I roared up at the night sky, feeling desperate, hopeless, and helpless all at once. Now go on to the next house, Shilen said calmly as I fell silent.
As you wish, I said flatly and flashed to the backdoor. I kicked the door in and winced as the alarm went off. I grabbed a serrated knife from a drawer and stabbed the first person to enter the kitchen. It was a little boy around the age of three. I pulled out the knife and let his body hit the floor. At his scream of pain, every member of the family rushed into the kitchen. Methodically, I stabbed them all to death, all, but one. I grabbed the father and sank my fangs into his jugular, draining him completely of blood. Withdrawing my fangs, I let the body hit the floor. Growling, I sent the knife sailing, where it struck the wall and stayed there. Turning, I flashed back outside. Once again, I convulsed in pain, and was out.
I was really beginning to hate the chip more than the collar, I thought as I came to. Where are we off to next? I asked dryly.
Nowhere, Shilen said smugly. Because were here. I looked around and followed her finger to a condo. One last killing for the night.
How many have I killed? I asked, bracing myself for the answer.
This will be your eleventh family slaying.
Are you fucking insane? I shouted. Oh wait! Dont answer that! Because Im the insane one here! Screaming, I banged my head against the headrest of the drivers seat. Shilen grabbed my hair and yanked my head back. I screamed in pain as she drove a blade into my side, twisting it before pulling it out. You worthless piece of shit, I rasped out weakly.
Do your job, she hissed. I shoved her away from me and kicked open the car door. I got out and turned my head to look at her.
What day is it? I asked through gritted teeth.
She shrugged. Does it matter? This is your fourth night out. I stared up at the starless sky and inwardly groaned. There wasnt even a fucking full moon in the sky. Go, she commanded, and I spun around, disappearing into the shadows. The odor of death magic clinging to me told me that if I tried to escape, I was forever dead. Dead was a way better option than living, I thought and pounded on the door. The moment I saw the curtain moving, I broke off the doorknob, and reaching through the hole, I unlocked it from the inside. Opening the door, I stepped inside, and was met with a fully loaded shotgun aiming directly at my head.
You dont want to do that, I said tonelessly.
Get out or Im calling the cops, the husband warned, his voice shaking.
I smiled creepily at him. Im sorry, I said sincerely. But I cant do that now, can I?
Honey, get the
I moved in a blur, knocking the gun from his hands. No no no, I said sweetly. We cant have that, can we? The wife came down the stairs just as I punched my hand into his chest. She gave a bloodcurdling scream as I pulled my hand out and crushed his chest. Out the corner of my eye, I watched as she picked up the gun, aimed it at me, and pulled the trigger. The bullet struck me in the shoulder, and I snarled in pain and rage. The husband, an inch from death, gurgled something I couldnt make out. Reaching out, I snapped his neck. I turned to face the tall woman, still pointing a gun at me with trembling hands and screaming incoherently. Your turn, I said and lunged for her. I knocked her to the floor and buried my fangs in her neck, the gun between us. Her struggles became less and less frantic as I continued to drain her of every drop. Releasing her, I took the gun from her limp hand and pointed it at her head. Nice silencer, I growled and pulled the trigger. The gun went off with a soft pop. Dropping the gun and getting to my feet, I inclined my head and inhaled deeply. Oh children, I called out in a singsong voice. Oh where, oh where can you sweet little darlings be hiding? I moved up the stairs and stopped before a partially closed bathroom door. Is one of you in here? I asked, pushing open the door. I entered and stopped beside a bathtub where a naked girl around the age of three stared up in horror at me. I put a finger to my lips. Be very quiet, I said softly. Mommy and daddy are sleeping. You dont want to wake them up, do you? She shook her head, her fiery red hair sending droplets of water in every direction. Good, I said as my head swam. Reaching for her, I gently flipped her over, holding her head under water full of sweet scented, pink bubbles. She struggled, causing the water to spill from the tub, onto me, and to splash on the floor. A few seconds later, she went limp, and I released her to float lifelessly in the tub. I turned to the mirror over the sink and snarled at myself. Hissing, I shattered the mirror, letting shards of glass to rain down into the sink. Some of them managed to hit me, and I smiled at the pain of it. Sensing three more heartbeats, I exited the bathroom and stepped into a bedroom. Seeing me, the three remaining children shrieked in terror. Ah, god fucking damn it, I hissed through gritted teeth, before my world went dark.
Move it! Shilen snapped. I slid sideways into someone and snarled.
Why in such a hurry? I asked, jerking away from the witch who was muttering some kind of spells under her breath.
The authorities are here, she hissed.
Human authorities? Or vampire authorities?
Humans, she snarled. Bummer, I thought silently. Sulking, I remained completely silent and still, not even paying attention to the traffic or the sound of the wind moving through the leaves. I mustve zoned out, because the next thing I knew, I was being dragged from the car.
I can walk, I snapped to the pair of vampires holding me.
Didnt look like it, one of them said with a smirk.
I came to an abrupt stop and looked down at him. Excuse me? I whispered. What was that? I didnt hear what you just said. Can you repeat it?
Oh man, dude, his partner said nervously. Why did you do that? Shes going to kill us now. Nice going.
What? the first vampire spluttered. How was I supposed to know if shes lucid or not?
The second vampire shrugged. I dont know, but you just pissed her off.
And do you know what happens when Im pissed off? I asked calmly. When neither of them answered, I grabbed the first vampire by his throat and tore his head from his shoulders. I removed the brain and quickly devoured it.
What the hell? the second vampire hissed.
I smiled and turned to him. Now its your turn, I said and lunged for him.
Someone help me! he shouted before his head rolled across the floor to stop at the stairs going up. I flashed after the head and picked it up.
Lets see if you have any secrets, I said, excitement dripping from my voice. Removing the brain, I quickly ate it, and as the images of the vampires life played in my mind, I banged my head against the banister. I straightened as four witches appeared at the top of the landing. Give me your best shot, bitches, I hissed and flashed up the stairs. I tore open the throat of one witch before pain doubled me over. Another round of spells hit me, and I was out.


* * * * * *



Chapter Nine

Sacramento, California, 2013

Humans, I thought. Humans, she is using humans now? Oh for the love of all thats dead in the world, I wanted to rip out her heart and shove it down her throat. What was she up to now? I wondered as I walked up and down the same hallway for the past twenty minutes and counting. I finally decided to turn down another hallway and continued to aimlessly walk up and down it. It is done, a familiar female voice said tonelessly. I stopped walking and turned to face my favorite witch, Angelina.
What is done? I asked blankly.
I have convinced Shilen to contact Liana.
I gaped at her. Snapping my mouth shut, I flashed to stand directly in front of her. Im sorry, I said slowly. But what did you say?
I convinced Shilen to make contact with Liana.
I just stared blankly at her. Hell, I didnt know what else to do. Should I like, throw a party? I silently snorted and shook my head disbelievingly. When was this?
Three weeks ago.
And youve waited this long to tell me about it?
I wanted to make sure that she made contact with the huntress.
And did she?
She did.
You know this for a fact?
Yes.
I smirked, and before she knew what hit her, I pulled her necklace from around her neck and rolled her. Is everything youre telling me the truth?
Everything Ive told you is the truth, Angelina replied in a monotone.
And the Council?
I was going to go do that now.
I nodded and handed her necklace back to her. Take it and put it back on, I said and started to giggle. It was too great to be true. Angelina scowled at me, and I laughed. Ignore me and go on your way. Looking at me like Ive lost my mind entirely, she turned and headed down the hall. When she was a good distance away that she couldnt see me, I followed her. She led me down two more hallways before stopping at a door. She opened it and went inside. Before she could close it behind her, I flashed into the room. She let out a small scream, and then glared at me.
What are you doing here? she snapped. Damn, that bitch and her mood swing.
Before you get started, tell me where Shilen and the rest are.
Whats it to you?
I shrugged. Im just wondering.
Shilen and sixteen of her vampires are on their way to meet with Liana.
Awww, I said, pouting. And she didnt invite me. Angelina ignored me and typed in something on her laptop. Shrugging, I sat on the edge of the desk and watched her. And the witches? I asked. Kieran? Valirio?
Most of the witches scattered. Only like ten of them are here now. Kieran is here somewhere, and Valirio is off to do something.
And what would that something be?
She shrugged. I dont know, and thats the truth.
Ill take your word for it. I watched, as she continued to type. When she was done typing, she frowned at the screen. Creative much? I thought as I read: Dear Tristan, I am writing to inform you that after all these centuries, Jordana Leivlend, re-sired by Shilen Devoreau, is alive. I snorted as she hit the send button. Really? That was a very formal email, I said dryly. She glared at me. How did you get the name of the head of the Vampiric Council? I know that it wasnt me that told you, witch. So spill.
She sighed. You realized how many vampires came and went through out the centuries? I simply asked around.
Hmm, I said, sighing. Point for the witch, I drawled, and then grinned when she pulled out a sharp ass looking knife. Oh, I said excitedly. Do it, do it, do it, I said, giggling. Without another word, Angelina plunged the knife into her neck with a choked sound and slit open her own throat. Her hand dropped to her side as she slowly died, the knife hitting the floor with a clatter. Brilliant! I shouted as I felt the ten seconds of burning pain of the blood bond being broken. Just fucking brilliant! I got up and paced around the room. A minute later, I stopped pacing and stood behind the door. I went still and stopped breathing altogether as the door slowly creaked open. There was a gasp, and then a witch rushed into the room and to Angelinas side.
Angelina, the blond said, panic rising in her voice. Angelina, answer me.
She cant, I said and giggled. Shes dead, dead to the world.
The witch spun around, pure hatred bleeding from her. What did you do to her? she snarled.
Me? I asked innocently. I didnt do anything to her. She committed suicide. She died by her own hands.
She wouldnt commit suicide! she yelled. That is not her!
I smiled. How would you know? I asked sweetly.
You did something to her! What did you do to her?
Like I said, I did nothing.
Youre lying! she shrieked, and I ducked a spell aiming for me. Tell me, what did you do to her?
Straightening, I flashed over to her and pinned her up against a wall. You want to know what I did to your precious Angelina? I hissed, no longer giggling or laughing. Heres what I did, I growled, wrapping my hands around her throat and slowly cutting off her airway. I compelled her to kill herself. In 1801, I told her when the time came, she was to take a knife and slit her own throat open, and that is what she did. And it was perfection, I finished with a sigh. And now, youre going to die, I said sadly and released her. The witch gasped desperately for much needed air and coughed. She raised her hands to cast, and I mentally pulled the knife into my hand. I stabbed her in the throat. Im so sorry, what was that? I pulled the knife back and dropped it. Holding her up with one hand, I leaned in and gulped the hot sweet witch blood as it poured from her gashing neck wound. Drained of every drop, I let the body hit the floor and stepped back. Convulsing, I hit the floor as fire licked the inside of my stomach. What the hell? I gasped. Another hot flash of pain hit me, and I curled into myself, moaning. Then I shrieked as it felt like I was being split into two. The pain grew with each pounding of my heartbeat. The rush of blood in my ears grew louderall the while, the pain of being split in half increased. What the fuck was happening to me? I gave a bloodcurdling scream as my tears finally spilled over. Sucking in a deep breath, I let it out with another piercing, earsplitting shriek. White hot pain exploded in my head, and my world narrowed to pinpricks, before darkness engulfed me.
I woke up, choking, gasping. I slowly sat up and realized that I was where I was before passing out. Wrinkling my nose at the two corpses in the room, I got up and exited it. Seeing no one in the hall, I frowned. For once, I woke up without having to see Shilen glaring down at me. Coming to an abrupt stop in the middle of the hallway, I scowled. Something was different, and I couldnt put my finger on what that something was. Think Jordana, think, I mentally yelled at myself. I felt strangely empty, and I growled in frustration. Hearing someone exiting a room down the hall, I inclined my head, listening. Kieran was cursing under his breath and muttering something about Shilen. In the blink of an eye, it all clicked in my head. No fucking way, I thought, holding back a giddy-like feeling threatening to take me over. No fucking way, I thought again. Taking in a deep breath, and for the first time ever since my re-sire-ing, I searched for the sire bond linking me to Shilen. When I came up empty, I nearly pissed myself. Flashing down the hall in the opposite direction of Kieran, I flashed up the stairs and into my soundproof room. Once there, I slammed the door shut and shrieked. This time, it was in excitement and disbelief. Shilen was dead. Oh my god, she was dead. I banged my head against the wall and squealed. I spun around and rapidly paced my room. For the life of me, I couldnt get myself to fucking sit still. Shilen is dead, I thought, over and over in my mind as I continued to pace. Growling, I launched myself at the wall, stopping myself from doing more pacing. Rubbing my head, I opened the door to my closet and pulled out clean clothes. Opening the door leading out into the hall, I flashed into the bathroom. Quickly washing the blood off of me, I dressed and was back in my room a split second before the shouting began. I was not going to go under for this entertainment. This was too awesome to miss. Valirios dry tone started up again, and I silently left the room. In stealth mode, I stuck to the shadows and watched as he dragged a blond vampire and a redheaded vampire down a dark hallway. I frowned after them. Valirio was dragging them? Usually, the vampires were willing to do anything. Interesting, I hissed softly under my breath. Very interesting. Slipping from shadows to shadows, I followed them. Valirio stopped before a door and pushed it open.
Dont even think about escaping, Valirio growled and pulled the door shut, barring it from the outside. I kept still until he passed me to disappear around a corner. After a moment of hearing nothing, I stepped from the shadows and walked over to the barred door. Before I could unlock it and go inside, I heard a sound of another vampire coming down the hall. Cursing inwardly, I stepped back into the shadows and once again, waited. My mind wandered elsewhere and for a few minutes, I was somewhere entirely. Only the scent of fresh vampire blood hitting me like a fist to the gut snapped me back to reality.
Score! one of the female vampires exclaimed.
Oh, another said excitedly. Were in for it now, she sang as I slipped into the first vampires head.
Too bad they took your phone, the first one muttered and groaned. Colorful, I said cheerfully. Huh? she silently asked stupidly. She yelped as I flitted through her mind. Get out, she silently growled. Colorful, I repeated. Who the hell are you? Bloody, bloody, bloody, I said with glee. Hey, crazy vampire, get out of my head. But I want to see. See what?
Corinne? the second vampire said with concern. What is it, in my head that you want to see? she silently asked. And do you do this to every vampire held prisoner? Yes, I silently said cheerfully. Might I ask you to tell me what youre looking for, and maybe I can help? My sire. Youre sire? I mentally huffed at her. Whats your sires name? And whats yours? I sighed, and she yelped as I flipped through her memories. My name is Jordana. I like yours, Corinne, I said sincerely. Um thanks? I suddenly gasped and did a mental version of jumping up and down in excitement. She groaned. You know him, I silently screeched. Know who? She gasped as I projected an image of Sven to her. Sven is your sire? My original sire, I said, sighing. Original? I dont have a sire no longer. I felt her death mere hours ago. Shilen? she mentally hissed. Yes, I growled and slipped from her mind. I stepped from the shadows and flashed to the door. I opened it and stepped inside. My eyes lit up as I saw the dead vampire on the floor.
You left me a present, I gasped and bent to pick up the head.
Jordana? she asked uncertainly. I ignored her and cracked open the head I was holding. I removed the brain, ripped off a bloody chunk and sucked on it like a lollypop. Jordana? she repeated. I looked at her, realizing that I wasnt alone. I grinned and held out the brain to her.
Want some? I asked.
No, thanks, she said slowly.
All mine, I sang and swallowed.
Jordana, the fledgling said carefully.
I bit off a chunk of the brain, slurped at the blood, and looked at her. Yes, blondy?
Can you let us out?
I pointed a bloody finger at her. No, no, no, I sang. I cant do that, I continued and bit off another chunk of the brain. You sure you dont want some? Its delicious. They nodded. I swallowed and bit off another chunk. Once done, I punched my hand into the dead vampires chest and yanked out the heart. Frisbee? I asked and tossed the bloody organ into the air and catching it. I popped the heart into my mouth whole, tilting my head back and swallowing the blood. A few seconds later, I spit it out, the heart freed of blood. I dropped it and stepped closer to them. They stiffened, and I licked my lips, tilting my head to the side. Uh oh, I said and looked toward the door. Someone is coming. My eyes widened in surprise as I heard something about the Council. Holy fucking hell. This so couldnt be happening. I hear something about the Council, I said to them.
Jordana, she said gently. I looked at her. Are you under order to kill us? she asked carefully.
I looked thoughtfully at her. Im hungry, I said, ignoring her question.
She stared at me. But you just ate a brain.
I sighed with contentment. I want more. Is there more? I looked around and pouted when I found no more intact head on the floor. I looked back at them. Can I have yours? I asked, grinning like an idiot.
No way! they exclaimed in unison.
But, I said, scowling. I turned to the door and glared at it. The Council is here. I glanced back at them. Are they going to kill me? I asked hopefully.
Uh I dont know. Excited, I yanked the door open and practically skipped from the room. I once again looked back at them when they didnt follow me.
Are you coming? I asked.
I thought you werent letting us out, said the blond one.
The Council is here. Fuck Valirio, he can kiss my white ass. Now come before I eat your brains. Theyre delicious you know, I said and turned, flashing down the hall. Ah, I said reverently. This is going to be fun, I hissed. Fun, fun, fun, I sang and flashed up the stairs, stopping before the door leading outside. I cant leave, I said, laughing. I spun about. Ive been waiting for this day since forever, I said and snapped a rogues neck, a rogue that came from out of nowhere. Oopsy, I said and tore off the head. More brains, I growled.
Okay, the redhead said slowly. Jordana, can you save your brains for later? I dropped the body and the head and looked down the hallway at the sound of Valirio approaching. I started laughing again.
Jordana, Valirio called out to me. Where did you get off to? Cursing, I bang my head against the wall, and yep, I was still laughing.
Jordana, the redhead said softly. Can we open this door? I simply ignored her and continued to bang my head against the wall.
Jordana, Valirio repeated, a lot closer this time.
Valirio, I sang, and bang my head harder. Shit, I couldnt help myself. Corinne, yes, that was her name, waved her hand in front of my face. I stopped laughing and banging my head. I blinked at her.
Can I let the Council inside? she asked, softly, slowly.
I grinned. Of course, I said, and before they could take a step toward the door, I flashed to it and body slammed it open. Pain slammed into me, and I went rigid, convulsing. There was a loud boom, and the building shook. Valirio rounded the corner and briefly froze. My eyes rolled to the back of my head, and I fell forward, going limp. I was not going to go under, I thought viciously and fought against the darkness trying to claim me. Busted, I mentally sang, ignoring the pain the best as I could.
What have you done? Valirio hissed.
Nothing, I said, giggling. I only made your wish come true faster. You should be excited. As the pain wore off, I popped from the ground and laughing maniacally, ran into the night. I didnt get far, as Sven appeared from nowhere and grabbed me. Still laughing, I struggled in his arms as he held me tight. I wanted to run. I wanted to fly. And never look back.


* * * * * *



Chapter Ten

San Diego, California, Present Day

It was like being drowned under a sea of red, blood red. It smelled like blood, tasted like blood, and simmering just under the surface, was rage. So much rage I had no idea if I could keep it leashed inside any longer. My hands itched to destroy, to kill. But I knew there was nothing I could destroy, no one I could kill. I was no longer under Shilens hold, was I? But in my solitude of a place, my head, I knew it was different. I still saw the blood, felt the pain, the rage, the stark need to gorge. I gasped in much needed air, and open my eyes. Reality slowly swam back into focus in my fragmented mind, and I slowly lowered my gaze from the ceiling to the floor. I reached up to my stiffed neck and massaged it, wincing. I glared at the shiny kitchen floor, not even daring to look up at Sven, or Liana. I didnt need to see the pity in their eyes, because I didnt deserve it. For the longest time, there was nothing but utter silence, not even the sound of breathing could be heard. Outside, birds chirped happily, and I almost burst out laughing at the sheer irony of it. I didnt bother to push Sven, Liana, Tristan, and Ari from my head as I slowly went around Sven to the refrigerator. I pulled open the door and grabbed a bag of blood, letting the refrigerator door slowly close on its own. I put the cold bag to my mouth and punctured it, ignoring the fact that it was cold, thick, and tasted more like chemical agents than blood. I stood there, slowly drawing the liquid into my mouth and swallowing, wondering when the shit was going to hit the fan. The sound of plastic was loud in my ears as the silence grew. Crushing the empty plastic in my hand, I turned and walked to the counter, leaning on it. I eyed Sven and Liana nervously and wondered if my death was a definite yes this time. Their eyes were full of murderous rage, as silence continued to hang heavy and thick in the air. God, what were they thinking about? I thought nervously. If it was my imminent death, I was all up for it. Just make sure that it was painless and quick. I continued to eye Sven and Liana as they stood still as statues. The only thing that was moving, were their eyes. I fingered the crumpled up plastic blood bag that was still in my hand and sighed loudly. To be honest, it looked like they were still stuck in my memories and had trouble pulling themselves from whatever memory they were currently reliving. I really didnt want to know what that memory was. Grimacing, I took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. Did you look for me? I finally asked. Sven blinked and took a step toward me. He pulled me into his arms and squeezed the ever living shit out of me. But I didnt care.
Yes, he said quietly into my hair. We did. If you will allow me, I would like to tell it to you. Liana stepped forward and put her arms around the both of us.
I can attest that Sven went on a rampage in the nineteenth and twentieth century, she said, running her fingers through my long blond hair. Ill admit. It was a frightening sight. After that, we kept our eyes and ears out for any news. It was either that or Tristan was going to put him into torpor. I did, Tristans deep growl rippled through my mind. You dont remember, Liana, because I have to compel you to forget that I put Sven into a deep slumber. You did? she asked. Yes, I told you he went on a mission for me. Do you remember? That mission? The one with seventy rogues banning together to take over a town? And all the missions after that? Yes. Tristan! Youre such a pompous ass! she exclaimed. Ari, you should break it off with him. Hey, Tristan growled defensively in my head while Ari laughed. He was only in torpor for only a year. Tell her, Sven. You ass! Liana spluttered.
Sven chuckled and stepped back a step. It was only for a year, he said, sighing. It was for my own good. I was about to turn rogue.
I frowned. Really? I asked, stepping from between them.
He blew out a breath and nodded. In 1801, when I felt you getting knocked unconscious, I knew something was wrong, but when Stellar came home missing a rider
He went into a full-blown rage, Liana finished for him.
Did he? I asked in interest. Let me show you, Tristan said slowly in my mind. Before I could nod, my world vanished.
Bright light stabbed my eyeballs, and I squinted against the bright glare of the sun. This is a week after youve gone missing, Tristan growled in my mind. Let me show you a couple of scenes that might interest you. Where are you going? Liana called out from a long distance away.
Hunting, Sven snapped before the scene faded to black. I inwardly grimaced as red suddenly filled my vision. Like a movie, I watched, as Sven went to town with a large mob of rogues. Blood flew into the setting sun, and limbs were torn from bodies. Grabbing a rogue, he snarled, holding him still as I assumed he was reading the rogues mind. Yes, thats exactly what hes doing, Tristan said in amusement. Though I was hearing him inside my head, he sounded so far away to me. Sven cursed and ripped the rogues head from the shoulders, tossing both head and body aside. He moved in a blur, killing each and every one of them. The ground ran red with blood as he launched himself into the night sky. Once again, everything went black. This went on for over a century, Tristan said with a sigh. The darkness lifted, and I saw the inside of a dark, windowless room. Sven was on the floor, as Casiar stood over him. This is the year 1934, when I finally had enough and pulled him from his hunting of you. It was attracting a lot of attention, and night after night, he was slipping farther and farther away, allowing his beast to easily take control. I mentally nodded.
Stop! Casiar growled, and Sven groaned, struggling against shadowy-like tendrils bounding him.
I will not believe that she is dead until I see proof of her head! Sven snarled.
Casiar sighed. Look, he said calmly. No one is giving up looking for her. He bent with a blade in his hand. He stabbed Sven in the stomach, and as Sven screamed curses at him, the shadow seemed to swallow the blood and bound him tighter. Suddenly, Tristan appeared in the room on Svens other side.
Have you made up your mind? Tristan asked, looking down at Sven.
I will not stop looking for her, Sven hissed, glaring daggers at the shadows. Release me! Tristan nodded to Casiar, and the necromancer ripped open his own wrist before plunging his hand into the mass of shadows, slowly dispersing them. Sven flashed to his feet and launched himself at Casiar, but before he could reach the necromancer, Tristan caught him and jerked him back.
Enough! Tristan snarled.
Let me go, Sven growled through gritted teeth.
Very well, Tristan growled and drove his fangs into the side of Svens neck. Then everything, once again, faded to black. Reality slammed into me, and I blinked, shaking my head like I was coming out of some kind of trance. Realizing that I was sitting down, I sat up straighter in my chair and frowned.
Was that when he went into torpor for a year? I asked. Yes, Tristan said mentally. We thought you were dead, but we wouldnt believe it until we saw proof. But Sven felt the bond breaking, I said and looked up at my sire. Didnt you? A pained look crossed his face, and he nodded.
I did, Sven muttered. And let me tell you right now, it wasnt pleasant.
I nodded. You felt everything, I said flatly. He nodded. I looked at the floor and stared at it in interest. Im sorry, I blurted before I could stop myself. All the killings Ive done. Im sorry. I know that doesnt cut it, but Im sorry. If you want to kill me, Tristan, heres your chance. I still welcome death.
No! Sven and Liana shouted, and I winced at the brief pain in my ears. I yelped as my chair slid to the wall, and both of my sires crowded around me.
I grinned at them. This is cozy, I said, and they glared at me. I giggled and let my head hit the wall behind me with a thump.
Please dont, Sven pleaded out loud. I just got her back, and I wont lose her again, he said desperately. Sire, you know this.
Let me know when the axe is about to fall, I sang and closed my eyes.
Tristan, Sven snapped. Please, the term still stands, if she kills another human being, Liana and I will put her to death.
Yes, I said under my breath. And that will be the best day of my life.
Jordana, Sven growled. Shut up, would you? Im trying to once again, plead your case here.
Yes, sire, I said cheerfully and laughed. I abruptly stopped laughing as a sigh rippled through my mind. Yes, Tristan mentally said with a sigh. The term still stands, dont worry, my child. Jordana is yours forever, until she breaks the term I have set. Liana and Sven sighed in relief and backed a few steps away from me.
Ari, do make sure to remind him that when Jordana is not herself, would you? Aris laugh filled my head. I will, hunter. You have my word on that. I laughed as Tristan growled. Ari sighed. Jordana, we thank you for sharing your memories with us.
Dont mention it, I mumbled. But there is one thing. Whats that? The witches that scattered on the night you came for me, theyre still out there. They all cursed. And I want them all dead, I growled. And nothing, and I mean nothing, will stop me. Then I will inform Davina of your hunt, Tristan growled in my head. If she does not understand, then I will make it so. That she does.


* * * * * *



Excerpted from Blood Feud, book 7 of the Night Stalker Crew Series


Prologue

Evelyn was the first to break away from the clutch of her beast. So it was her that had and still has the best self-control out of all of us. It went like this, first, it was Evelyn, and then it was Taylor, Casiar, Avery, Cailin, Rebecka, Riordan, Allia, Elijah, and then me, Tristan. I was the last to break away from the claws of my beast. Today, I still have the hardest time, keeping my inner beast leashed. Every second, of every minute, of every hour, of every day, it was a battle, a constant battle I sometime wonder, if I would lose it completely. Yes, my siblings and I set all the rules all vampire must follow, but I knew, one day, I was going to break one of those rules weve laid down. For all its worth, I pray to whoever is watching from above, that I wouldnt go down that road. I never wanted to go down that path again. Every time I close my eyes, my mind wanders back to that fateful long nights where I fought for control, and losing. It was Evelyn; Evelyn was my strength and still is today. You see, our blood was like a directional compass. When I found her, so many centuries ago, I knew that I wanted no harm to come to her, so I took her with me, though she fought me like the starving rogues we were then. She calmed a bit when I told her who I was, and she wanted to find the rest of our blood siblings. So thats what we did, Evelyn, Elijah, Riordan, Allia, and I. We traveled all over Sweden, rounding them up, explaining who we were. It wasnt hard. To my surprise, they were looking for us as well. Together, we pillage villages, draining them completely of blood. This went on for centuries, and today, I wondered if things would have been different, if Ulrika and Soren had guide us, taught us, cared for us, loved us. Would it have made a difference? After five thousand years, I still wondered, knowing very well, that I wouldnt find the answer. For centuries, I also kept up with my human life, the life that was taken away from me four thousand nine hundred and seventy-nine years ago. From a distance, I watched them grow up, graduate, date, married, have children, and die, whether it was from sickness, or natural death. And every time, it hurt, knowing I would live forever, while they, one by one, die on me. Though I wanted so badly to cure them of every ailment, I held myself back. I never showed myself to them, not even today. What would they think? What would they say? In their minds, vampires didnt exist. Vampires were only in books and movies. Vampires were a figment of your imagination, after all. And though they dont know I exist, from the shadows, I watched them, I protect them, and I kill for them. And yes, youre probably thinking I should let go of my human life, but I cant, no matter how hard I tried. And for the record, I protect what is mine, be it vampire or human. Touch them, and you die. It is as simple as, you fuck with them, and youll have to deal with me. Dont like it? Then dont fuck around, with what is mine.


* * * * * *



Other books by Alina Meuangkhot:

Book 1: Bloodlust
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/18019

Book 2: Blood Crave
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/34860

Book 3: Blood Revenge
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/66550

Book 4: Blood Frenzy
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/138551

Book 5: Blood Rage
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/278917

Book 5.5: Blood Bond
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/299468

Book 6: Blood Redemption
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/341107


* * * * * *



Connect with Alina Meuangkhot:

Smashwords Profile Page:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/alinameuangkhot

Smashwords Interview:
https://www.smashwords.com/interview/alinameuangkhot

Website:
https://www.alinameuangkhot.com

Blog:
https://www.alinameuangkhot.com/blog

Twitter:
https://www.twitter.com/_AlinaM
