Spirit Warriors
The Tunnel Of Light

By Mtain A. Dubois

To all of the people out in the world fighting to make it a better place.
Mtain



Copyright 2013 By Mtain A. Dubois


Smashwords Edition

This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons either living or deceased is purely coincidental. Names, places, characters and incidents are products of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously. The author holds the rights to this work. It is illegal to reproduce this novel without written expressed consent from the author himself.
Chapter 1

Danny never knew he could run that fast but then again he had never been running for his life before, he didnt dare turn to look behind him. Besides he didnt have to, he knew what evil thing was chasing him and he also knew the chances were very slim that he would make it to a safe place in time.
The rush of blood through his body gave him the sound of a heart beat in his head drowning out most of the sounds around him that the forest produced, he could faintly hear the pounding of his own feet on the ground as he ran tearing through the branches and bushes that sprang up in his way but somehow he heard the foot falls of the creature chasing him perfectly.
He could swear that the warm and foul breath of the monster was on the back of his neck causing him to think that at any second his screams would echo through the forest before being lost forever.
Pushing himself even harder he forced himself not to think of the gruesome fate that awaited him if he didnt make it to the boarder. Focusing on the path ahead Danny could see that he was almost there, the feint glow on several trees from the specially made blue paint marked the end of their territory and the start of another clans. The creature wouldnt dare cross the barrier and risk open war, if he could just make it a few more steps he would be safe but today wasnt going to be the day he made it, his luck had finally run out and death would find him.
The clawed hands dug deep into his shoulder tearing the flesh open and spilling his blood into the night air filling it with the copper like smell of blood as he was dragged backwards just feet from the safe zone.
You didnt really think you would get away that easily did you meat sack? The deep voice growled of the man standing over me.
Danny looked up and the view was almost serene, the moonlight was just barely breaking through the foliage high above him bathing everything in an iridescent glow as the leaves and bushes swayed slightly from the cold night breeze, in the distance he could now hear the river cutting through the land but otherwise the forest was silent.
For a minute Lucas I really did, so what now are you going to make it slow death or will you release me quickly? Danny asked.
Oh I have special plans for you. Lucas answered leaning towards him a little so a sinister shadow crossed his face adding to the malice of his already intimidating look.
Lucas was about six foot eight, white shock white hair and yellow/red eyes, his cheeks were slightly sunk in and his body was perfect as if sculpted by an artist. Danny didnt know if this is how he looked when he wasnt in his creature form but he imagined that it wouldnt be too different.
So slow death it is. Danny responded.
It may last an eternity. He laughed knowing that he could take forever if he liked being that he was immortal.
The cause wont end with my death, my son is already fifteen and has passed the tests. He is ten times more powerful than I am, you and any other rouge clans are at an end. Danny said confidently.
Well see about that, I wonder if hell taste as good as the rest of your family did? He sneered lifting Danny into the air above his head.
Rot in hell Lucas.
You first Danny say hello to the beginning of the end for the Spirit Warriors you were the last of the elders all that is left are three teenage brats which will be handled soon enough. He declared attacking him furiously.
The screams escaping Dannys lips lasted for only a minute before dying out into the echoes through the forest, followed by the maliciously evil laugh of Lucas shattering the woods.
Five miles away Caleb sat bolt upright in his bed in a cold sweat knowing something was terribly wrong, he jumped out of the bed running to the study (called the sanctuary) where the Spirit Warriors practice many of their secrets arts, it was also the place that they used magic to located people, places and things.
His heavy foot falls on the stone floors as he ran woke Lydia and Mace who stuck out half asleep faces out of their doors to see what was going on.
Whats going on Caleb? Questioned Mace with a yawn.
Caleb simply yelled over his shoulder as he continued running. Somethings wrong! 
Whatd he say? Lydia asked Mace as she walked over to him.
Dumpling hogs I think. He stretched.
Doubtful. Lydia answered. We better go find out what all the fuss is about.
Together they walked to the sanctuary where they found Caleb floating in the air above the glyphs written in the middle of the floor while chatting in an ancient language lost and forgotten to most of the world.
I wonder who he is trying to find? Lydia said becoming interested in what was going on.
I dont know but when Danny wakes up and finds him practicing without permission hes going to be in serious trouble. Mace added.
Better him than us, in fact Im going back to bed before we get caught besides I have a test tomorrow at school that I have to ace. Lydia said turning around to leave the room.
Maybe you should hang on for a second longer Lyd. Mace said watching the orb of the world form above his Calebs head. It looks like hes found whoever hes looking for.
Annoyed Lydia turned back around to see the a hologram of the world fully formed and zooming in to the planet, as they looked on the view kept magnifying until it showed the spot in the forest where Danny, Calebs father was being feed upon by Lucas.
All three of the teenagers gasped when they realized what they were seeing.
This cant be happening! Lydia yelled running right up to the globe and staring at the image.
It is happening, there is no way around that. Caleb said. I felt it when he was attacked, I knew he was near death.
Were screwed. Mace sighed sitting in a chair.
Im so sorry about your father Caleb. Lydia said rubbing his arm softly.
Pulling away from her Caleb focused intently on the image. He knew the risks of being a Spirit Warrior the same as us, this is the job and life we chose.
We barely passed the tests last week and nothing against any of us but we are no match for the rouge clans, we were barely holding our own when your father was leading us in combat. Mace pointed out.
What would you have us do Mace turn tail and run like cowards? Caleb snapped raising his voice.
Yes, Im saying we forget school, forget about blending in with norms and get to New York where there is a full strength guild. He yelled back.
And give up the entire western coast at the same time? Lydia questioned finding it as idiotic a suggestion as Caleb did.
If thats what it takes for us to survive then that is what we should do, even if we leave now and they take over we can always come back in force and beat them back. Mace responded throwing is hands up in the air.
Allow them to take control now and we will never be able to take back what we lose, the protection Glyphs wont last very long once we are gone and once they fall so will all the clans that are still abiding the pact. Lydia reasoned.
Listen Mace, if you want to go then go. I wont argue with you, try to convince you or stop you that is completely your choice. Caleb stated. The same goes for you Lydia.
You would just think cowards right? Mace said rolling his eyes.
Not in the least my friend, like me both of you have lost your parents in this war. I would never fault you for making the smart decision and leaving to get reinforcements. For that is what the choice means it is the smart move, it is the move that informs are colleagues in other parts of the world what is going on here and how to fight them. Caleb answers.
And what about you Caleb? Still bent on being the loyal son to a father that is no longer here? A father that never even showed you a ounce of love after your mother died. Mace said cutting Calebs heart even more than it was already.
  That was over the line Mace! Lydia scolded pushing him a bit.
Hes right Lydia, my father never showed me much love after my mother died something was missing from him after her death, a hole that he let fill with anger and push me away. He paused taking a deep breath. And yes I have strived to make him proud hoping that he might actually show some ounce of love towards me again. Now that he is gone you ask if I will continue on this chosen path? He said getting in Maces face. Yes I will because even though my father and mother are gone I will honor their memory and what they died for! I will fight to my last breath to defeat these monsters and this mission claims my life as it did theirs I will die knowing I did all I could for a just cause!
Mace tried to answer but before he could a blast of energy rippled through the orb drawing all of their attention.
Looking at the globe the three of them saw Lucas taking up the whole picture. Do you see young ones? This is the fate of your race! I give you these choices, leave now and no one will hunt or harm you, join our cause and fight for us or lastly stay and die just as your parents did.
Stepping up to the globe Caleb said the last thing the others had expected. How long do we have to consider your offers?
I will give you one hour to deliberate amongst yourselves and so you know each of you can make a separate decision if you wish. In one hour I will contact you via the phantom reach on the ethereal plane where you can be assured you are safe, one hour kids. He said as the orb went blank.
There you have it.  Caleb sighed turning to the others.
Im going to leave and get help. Mace reaffirmed.
Lydia? Caleb questioned.
Im staying together we can try and hold down the fort until Mace returns with assistance. She answered firmly.
You dont really think that Lucas and his clan will really just let to walk out of Passion Falls do you? Caleb asked as Mace headed to the door.
No, but I can be invisible when I choose, trust me guys I can make it. He answered walking out of the door.
Hes reckless. Lydia noted after he left.
Maybe, or maybe hes just being brave. Caleb answered. The question now becomes do we tell Lucas that one of us has excepted the offer and hope he keeps his word or do we say nothing and hope that Mace is as good as he says?


Chapter 2

Caleb walked into Maces room while he stuffed different things into his backpack for the journey ahead. 
Ill make sure to tell the school that a family emergency came up. Caleb said as he watched him pack.
Dont bother I wont be going back there anyway.
Just in case Ill still do it, you may decide you want to come back here or the guild headmaster may demand you continue high school in New York in which case you will need the paper transfers from Kelly High. Caleb said matter of factly.
Do what you want Caleb you always do anyway. Mace snapped.
Whats with your bad attitude towards me lately? Caleb asked looking him in the eye.
With a sigh Mace tossed his backpack on the bed. You know what my problem with you is Caleb?
I wish youd tell me.
Youre my best friend, you always have been but the way you have been acting lately with the extra missions and how dangerous they have been getting you are going to get yourself killed and the worst part of it was that you shut me and Lydia out. He answered.
IIm sorry. Caleb said losing the will to argue. I have kind of been on a bender of sorts.
Why though? I know its got to be more than trying to live up to what your dad wanted. Mace pointed out.
Youre right Mace it is more than just that for a long time now I have wanted revenge, revenge for my mother, for our ancestors and friends. The hate has just been building in me and now it feels like if I dont release the anger it will explode at the wrong time and place. Caleb said unable to meet his eyes.
Youre not the only one who feels like that Caleb ya know? Mace questioned.
I hadnt thought about it to tell you the truth, Ive been so caught up in my own problems I havent been much of a friend to you guys. 
Live and learn my friend. He said patting Caleb on the back.
Are you still planning on leaving to get help?
Everything else aside I still think its the best thing to do, I wish you and Lydia would reconsider and come with me. He answered grabbing the backpack.
Well hold the fort until you get back. Caleb answered still firm in his decision as well.
You better. He smiled pushing Caleb through the door.
Which begs the question Mace do you want us to tell Lucas you have accepted the deal or do you want to try and make it through on your own? Caleb asked.
Why not do both? He smiled wickedly.
Meaning?
I say we tell him I have taken the deal then you can go to the edge of the boundary in a cloak pretending to be me, meanwhile I will take a completely different route out of the boundary. By the time they figure out what is going on Ill be long gone. Mace explained.
The old bait and switch one of your fathers first lessons to us. Caleb smiled.
And one of my favorites. Mace added.
Sounds good to me, well I better get to the sanctuary the hour is just about up. Caleb said walking off down the hall.
When he walked into the room Lydia was there all dressed up in her black boots, leather black pants that hugged her wonderful shape and a tight brown leather shirt that matched the outfit extenuating her breasts and flat belly. Her long brown hair hung in a loose pony tail down her back and her black eyes scanned everything like those of a bird of prey which Caleb guessed she kind of was.
Did you change his mind? She questioned tapping her foot on the floor.
Hardly. Caleb sighed. Youre a little over dressed arent you? Unless of course you have changed your mind and are planning on going with him. He laughed until she flung a backpack of her own onto the floor in front of her. 
I have changed my mind and I want you to come with us. She said with a pleading look.
I cantor rather, I wont. Caleb answered sitting back in the large arm chair.
Staying here by yourself is suicide. She reasoned.
Thats a matter of opinion. He said flatly laying back. Now if youll excuse me I have an appointment to keep.
Youre as stubborn as Mace! She said stomping out of the room.
Caleb ignored her as he let part of his consciousness drift out of his body to the ethereal plane, once there he could see everything in a different light it was the world hidden behind reality but he had little time to appreciate it. The pull to the phantom reach sped him across time and space to where meetings and negotiations of the supernatural took place, as the shadow of himself floated to a stop in the circle he saw Lucas posed and regal as usual waiting for him.
There was a debate on whether or not you would actually show up. Lucas smiled showing his fangs.
Which way did you bet?
Some people owe me money. He answered with another smile. So little one what have you and the other kids decided?
Mace is taking your offer to leave unencumbered by your clan and any other clans associated with your group assuming you keep your word. Caleb answered with a sneer. He is ready to leave as soon as we conclude our discussion here, he will take the western road, agreed?
Dear sweet Caleb you cut me to the quick, of course I will hold to my word of our not attacking, you wound me that you would think I wasnt truthful or that I would break my word. He frowned looking really hurt.
Ive had experience dealing with your clans in the past. Caleb reminded him.
Ah yes, how are those wounds healing?
Theyre fine. He said grinding his teeth. So we have a deal?
We do, are you and Lydia sure that you wont reconsider my other offers? It would be a shame for you to die not when our leadership has so many plans that could include you.
Ill see you again Lucas but next time it will be at the end of my blade. Caleb answered floating away back to his body.
We will see Caleb, we shall see. Lucas said returning to his own body.
What news from the meeting Lucas? A figure questions from the shadows.
Caleb and Lydia have refused to leave only Mace has taken the offer. Lucas answered while bowing deeply.
I had expected Caleb to stay, Lydia I wasnt sure about but I knew Mace would want to go for help.
Caleb said Mace will take the western road out of Passion Falls. Lucas added. He expects us to keep our word and none of the clans to attack that are aligned with us.
And we shall honor that promise. The man grinned.
But sir would it not be better to wipe even one of them out while we have the chance? Lucas frowned.
In a flash the other vampire crossed the room hitting Lucas so hard that he flew into a wall taking most of it down when he hit.
Do not question my orders, we keep our word above all else. 
Yes master Ked. Lucas said out of breath as he held his chest.
Our new leader will be awake soon and I want this ugly business wrapped up before he rises. Ked demanded. Now leave and flood the woods on the eastern and western road with the forest trolls, they are part of no clan and little more than beasts. Mind wipe them and imprint for them to capture anyone they find and bring them back here before the night is over.
Why the eastern road? Lucas asked.
Because I believe they will try something called the bait and switch now stop questioning me and do as you have been told.
As you wish my lord. Growled Lucas heading off down a hallway towards an area filled with cages.
One by one Lucas mind controlled fifty different trolls that foamed at the mouth ready and waiting to hunt.
Go forth and do my will creatures of the night. Lucas laughed flinging open the cage doors and watching them flood into the forest.
The three teenagers walked out of the mansion they called home ready for the long night ahead.
Are you sure I cant talk you guys out of this? Caleb questioned as he hugged them both.
Are you sure we cant talk you into it? Mace laughed.
Im afraid not Mace, but never fear my child I will always be with you. He answered making his voice sound like a man from a movie.
Say that again when we are out there running for our lives. He frowned.
You guys will be fine, until I see you again be safe. Caleb said running to the west entrance while the other ran in the opposite direction.
It only took Caleb five minutes to sprint all the way to the end of the western road at the barrier edge but it still felt like it took too long, when he saw Lucas waiting at the border he slowed his pace hoping to buy his friends even more time.
Come Mace let us get you to the other side of our territory and then He suddenly stopped when the wind changed as he sniffed the air. Caleb, either you have changed your mind or you are hoping to trick me.
Damn I should have masked my scent! Thought Caleb mentally kicking himself for forgetting the detail. No point in hiding now. 
You really have no faith in my word do you? Smiled Lucas as Caleb pulled back his hood.
Right then two trolls ran out from behind a nearby tree hitting the barrier with a shriek as it damaged them so much they both fell to their knees once on the other side where Caleb pulled out his soul blade and absorbed both of their entire essences in a single stab to both of them.
Im sorry you were saying? Asked Caleb.
These creatures are not part of any clan so still I have kept my word which is more than I can say for you Caleb. So where exactly is Mace? The eastern road perhaps?
I wasnt told. He lied.
Im sure you werent but in any case we will keep our word hopefully they will make the trip without anycomplications, after all, the road through these lands can be fraught with danger.  Lucas smiled before running back at a super speed through the forest that made him look like a blur. 


Chapter 3

Running a good distance from the barrier Caleb stopped suddenly dropping to his knees as he gathered the powers he and every other Spirit Warrior was born with, quickly spirits of long dead animals appeared around him looking for which would be best Caleb finally settled on a sparrow. Reaching out Caleb connects with the spirit becoming one with it and growing wings of his own, taking to the sky he zoomed over the mansion shooting towards the eastern road in the hopes that he wasnt too late.
Landing at the edge of the barrier tired from the use of his powers and the long night Caleb loses hope when his friends are no where in sight and ten trolls waiting right outside the boundary line.
Cursing under his breath Caleb walks back towards the mansion. What now? He thinks.
Mace and Lydia had been in trouble from the get go both of them had decided they should keep from using their powers until they had the need, using their gifts sent a ripple outward that most super naturals could feel and since their plan depended on stealth they chose to run instead.
They got about half a mile before the trap was sprung and they were surrounded by at least twenty five trolls. Summoning the spirits to them Mace took on the attributes of a gorilla while Lydia took those of a wolf.
Empowered and pumped with adrenaline the two warriors fought hard holding their own for a short time but suddenly the tide began to turn as more creatures of the night showed up. Another fifteen trolls joined the fray along with seven rouge blood elves who had been turned by dark magic were drawn to the power and sounds of battle they craved the flesh of humans and the power of the spirit warriors.
With their amazing reflexes and mastery of magic, the elves quickly had the advantage lightly wounding Lydia as Mace bravely tried to keep them back.
Who wishes to die first? Mace growled waving his sword in a circle to keep them back.
Get out of here Mace, leave me. I will buy you time to get back to Passion Falls. She said attempting to stand despite the large gash on her thigh.
Thats not going to happen. Mace stated glancing at her.
We will die together then. She frowned. You are a good man Mace and I count myself lucky to have fought by your side.
Giving up so soon? I thought you were both taught better than that. Lucas smiled leaning against a tree and watching the fight.
What of your promise not to attack? Mace questioned staring at him as the circle closed around them.
I have kept it, none of these creatures are from our clan alliance. He yawned snapping the neck of a elf who was foolish enough to come near him.
So aid us in this fight. Lydia demanded.
Sorry but I dont see that happening for two reasons, one, I promised we wouldnt attack not that wed help and two, I was told only Mace accepted the offer not you dear Lydia by that rational you have chosen to die instead. So I think Ill just sit back and watch the fun. He answered lightly with a smile.
You two faced little Mace began creating a bow and arrow out of spirit power and aiming it at Lucas.
I wouldnt do that Mace being a naughty boy right now would be extremely bad for your health, if you attack then you prove that you didnt plan to flee as agreed but instead wished to fight. That would be a mistake. He said looking around.
Mace followed his gaze and immediately his heart sank when he saw over twenty vampires and ten werewolves surrounding them with burning eye filled with hate.
Please make the mistake of attacking me. Lucas pleaded. 
Ill take you up on that offer. Caleb yelled dropping from the trees with his sword in hand nearly taking off Lucas head in the first stoke as he landed in front of him. 
Youre a fool Caleb! Shouted Lucas jumping ten feet backwards to safety. You have just signed your own death warrant! 
We shall see! Caleb yelled wildly as he suddenly began growing in height, as he changed he grew plates on his back and he sprouted a spiked tail as well. Come and get me Lucas!
Impossible! Lucas whispered in amazement. No Spirit Warrior in the last two hundred years has had the power to call such ancient creatures to them.
Without answering Caleb attacked knocking over trees and wiping out numbers of the attackers quickly as they swarmed over him in the hopes that their superior numbers would be enough. 
The attack was the perfect distraction, Mace didnt want to leave Caleb but he had to get Lydia back to safety before doing anything else. Besides with the power Caleb had displayed he wasnt sure that he even needed his help, in all the time he had trained and fought by his side never had Caleb displayed such power. Which begged the question had Caleb never told him or did it not know he could do it until that night.
If he survives Ill have to find out. Caleb thought as he threw Lydia over his shoulder and jumping into the high tree branches ignoring her protests to stay and fight.
Damn it listen to me Mace and put me down! She commanded kicking.
I will, just as soon as we cross the border. He answered ignoring the pain from her hitting him repeatedly.
We cant leave Caleb.
He can handle himself and if I remember correctly he said that we all knew the risks being who we are. He snapped crossing the barrier into their safe zone where they were met by several dwarves.
What news have you of Caleb? questioned the head dwarf named Gargin.
Nice to see you too, Gargin. Mace frowned gently putting Lydia on the floor. She needs healing.
Then take her to the wood nymphs or someone else who is willing to help the very warriors who were so swift to abandon us. He retorted.
We were going for aid. Mace said lumbering over him.
And what would have happened when they broke the barrier eventually before you got back? He said shouting up at Maces face. All tell you what, we would have been slaughtered! 
I dont have time for this, I have to get back and check on Caleb. Mace said pushing him away and turning around just in time to see a cheetah running towards the barrier at full speed with hundreds of creatures in pursuit.
In a final transformation Caleb changed while running from a cheetah to a kangaroo covering the last thirty feet in one hop as he landed inside the boundary.
The legion of creatures didnt even slow down as they approached the barrier until when they were ten feet away a light bright enough to make the night look like the day flashed in front of the creatures bringing them to a instant halt.
After the light faded a twenty foot tall man stood in front of the group dressed in full battle armor with a spear the size of a tree. Come no further or face the wrath of the Spirit King!
Slowly all of the creatures faded back into the darkness leaving only Lucas standing in front of the Spirit King.
Looking around him at Caleb who has returned to his normal look Lucas growls low and deep. Your luck will eventually run out boy.
Until that day enjoy your failure tonight blood sucker. Caleb smiled nursing his wounded arm and leg.
Hissing one last time Lucas turned running into the forest.
Turning towards them the Spirit eyes them carefully.
Lord Jaris. Caleb said bowing down with the others following suit.
Your numbers in this place dwindle Caleb if even one more of your kind should fall I and the others will not be able to take form here until the Spirit energy of this place is replenished by more warriors of your race. He answered methodically sounding more like a robot then an all powerful spirit.
I understand my lord. Caleb answered without looking up.
The balance shifts as something comes, I can feel an evil force taking shape that moves against you. For the sake of all that is descent and right find the tunnel of light and release its power. Jaris warned.
What is the tunnel of light? Mace questioned daring to look up.
Capturing his eye Jaris answers. It is that which allows only the chosen to cross over and unlock their full power. It is the tunnel in which you three the last of this house were first born, there is more to you three than you know you are the keys. He stated beginning to fade away. Find the tunnel and save yourselves and the good creatures of the Falls.
After he had gone Caleb stood looking at the others. Are you alright?
Thanks to you. Mace said helping Lydia to her feet.
How did they know what our plan was? She wondered putting most of her weight on Mace.
Im not sure they did, I imagine Lucas and whomever he is working for decided to flood the forest with creatures in the hope you would die. Caleb shrugged.
Looks like we arent going anywhere for now, they will be patrolling the forest non stop now. Lydia guessed.
Sorry you have been forced to stay and help us. Huffed Gargin.
Listen here you little snot nosed twit, I already told you we were going for help. Mace shouted drawing his weapon.
Stop! Yelled Lydia so loud everyone obeyed. This doesnt help, the enemy is out there not in here! Believe what you want Gargin but first tell me how many times have you gone to battle outside of the barrier? How often have our kin sacrificed themselves to save you and everyone else here in the falls while you stayed in the safety on this place?
Instantly Gargin looked at the ground in shame not saying a word.
Thats what I thought, before anyone can cast any accusations remember what I said here today! Lydia yelled to the gathering crowd.
On that happy note. Caleb interjected standing in front of Lydia. One day from now at five in the morning I want a meeting called with every creature in the Falls, spread the word among everyone. He shouted out and then turned towards his friends. As for us I say we get back to the mansion and heal up Lydia because we have school tomorrow and just because you nearly died doesnt get you off the hook.

Chapter 4

It had felt like Calebs head had barely touched the pillow when the alarm begin baler in his ear signaling it was time to get ready for the school day. Dragging himself out of bed Caleb zombie walked to the shower hoping it would wake him up completely, turning on only the cold water Caleb took a deep breath and hopped in.
Five minutes later he was all clean, freezing and still sleepy. Wonderful start to the day. He said out loud looking at himself in the mirror.
He had a four pack and a descent chest but none of his body was completely muscle like he wanted, he had told himself every day that it would be the one he started working out but each day came and went without him dedicating anytime to it.
With a frown at his body Caleb pulled on his clothes again making a silent promise that he would workout after school today.
Yawning for the hundredth time Caleb walked into the kitchen where Lydia was bright eyed and bushy tailed as always cooking breakfast for herself and them.
Good morning Caleb! Beautiful day isnt it? She beamed.
I wouldnt know, I havent looked outside yet. Tell me Lydia by chance are you on drugs of some sort you seem way to happy. Caleb scowled.
Why because Im happy to be alive? Call me crazy but every time I come close to death and survive it puts me in a great mood. She said rolling her eyes.
Fair enough. Caleb said lazily leaning back in his chair at the table. Do you want some help with breakfast?
No thanks, I like my food cooked not burnt. She smiled.
Here, here. Mace said entering the kitchen and immediately picking at the food until shooed away by Lydia. No offense Caleb but the last time you cooked my mouth tasted like a fire had happened in it.
And yet you woofed it down like it was your last meal. Caleb grinned.
I was starving! I hadnt eaten on like four hours.
Poor baby. Lydia said sarcastically. You know if you ate less and practiced more your fighting would be a lot better.
Not if I pass out from hunger. He pointed out rubbing his stomach while staring at the food.
Again I say poor baby.
When is the food going to be ready Lydia? Caleb answered growing more hungry from the smell of the breakfast.
When its done.
Helpful, why dont we talk about something other than food while we wait because now Im starving. Caleb whined. 
Good idea, I know lets talk about how you are supposed to have a girlfriend already to maintain your cover at school. Mace said cheerfully.
Lets not and say we did. Caleb says laying his head on the table.
Youre not getting out of it that easy buddy, you need to get a girlfriend. Lydia chided.
Why? Having a girlfriend especially a mortal one invites too many questions. He reasoned hoping to convince the others.
Thats why its not a real girlfriend, you ask her out date her for a couple of days and dump her. The longer you take to do it the worse things will get, people are already talking about you never having dated anyone. Any longer and they are going to start prying into your life more which puts us all at risk not to mention the paranormal ones we protect. Mace answered.
Its easy for you two because you have been pretending to be a couple for over a year! Try asking out a norm and then talk with me about what has to be done. Caleb said tired of the conversation.
Were not saying its easy Caleb but you have to try, just pick someone that isnt high profile. No one really popular they are always too high maintenance and want to see where you live and meet your family. Lydia pointed out beginning to serve the food.
Right! Pick someone who isnt popular and would be afraid to meet anyone. Mace smiled shoveling the food into his mouth. Theres more of this right?
I made enough for five people. Lydia answered.
You know me so well honey. Mace grinned winking at her.
Call me honey again and you will have your balls for breakfast toad. Lydia smiled playing with her knife.
Staring at her for a moment Mace asks. Do you ever think about us actually dating?
Sometimes but then I come to my senses when I start throwing up. She answered.
This is a fake relationship and you want me to get one? Inspiring. Caleb said washing his plate.
Isnt it though. Mace said.
Im all a tingle with anticipation, look we better get moving for school. Caleb pointed out hoping to change the subject.
Yeah, we better get going or well be late to find your new girlfriend. Lydia laughed.
Five minutes later the three of them were on the highway speeding to the school in silence.
Caleb wondered if his friends were right in their assumption that he needed to get a girlfriend at least for a short period of time or if they just wanted to see him squirm. They had all done a stellar job in the past of blending in with the normal kids the only thing that had been missing from any of their covers was that Caleb had never had a girlfriend. At first it hadnt been a big deal but as they all grew older Caleb had turned down four different girls two of which were the really popular ones, now that they were older rumors had began to fly around school that maybe he was gay or scared of girls. As such it had brought unwanted attention to their little click and the others werent very happy about it.
If he were to decide that he didnt want to try dealing with a girlfriend the others would back him in the end the just liked to give him a hard time, in the end he knew the choice was his alone and he had to make it soon.
Mace pulled into their usual spot they parked in at the very back of the student parking lot away from everyone else who wanted to be closer to the entrance.
As he stepped out of Maces jeep a little smile played at the corners of his mouth when overlooking his vehicle, he drove a beat up 88 jeep wrangler that had a faded blue paint job. The interior of the jeep was in decent shape but was visibly older in style. It was another good cover they had been trained to do since they were young. If people saw the cars they really had, where they lived or knew about the kind of money they had their popularity would sky rocket overnight. 
Mace was glad that instead of being allowed to flaunt the money they had ordinary middle class kids was the guise adopted for them, in his opinion the three of them knew who their friends really were now. At first their parents (who had also grown up together) had told them to keep to only themselves but Caleb and Mace quickly disregarded that, in their collective opinion they figured that it would draw more attention if they remained isolated from everyone. Lydia had two close friends, Mace had one and Caleb had three.
The school itself was beyond old at a glance you could tell it had been built in the early nineteen hundreds and had refused to update with the times.
Many of the buildings were wood paneled with a faded brown color that was repainted every five years in the same drab color as the dirt around them. The school rooms were dotted about and looked more like tiny houses that were merged together by corridors and covered hallways on the outskirts of a small village, once you passed into the inner buildings it was a hodgepodge of different size buildings that sported towers here and there remnant of a time when kids were locked away for misbehaving. Scattering the massive grounds were giant courtyards where the grass was lush and green beneath giant trees, in two of the greater size courtyards were large ponds filled with coy fish giving almost a Zen feel that didnt quite mix with the look of the buildings.
The inside of the buildings however were a different story looking beyond perfect and well kept with all the benefits of modern society, top of the line computer labs were provided with the best computers and software, the chalkboards were digital along with the desks allowing kids to interact with everything the teacher did. Catering to grades kindergarten through twelfth grade lead to a diverse experience of everyone and although this was considered a public school rumors had floated around that the only reason so much had been given to the place because thats where the governors children chose to go rather then the more exclusive private school a few miles up the road. 
As they walked towards the inner courtyard closest to them Calebs friend Grace Collins came running through the crowd towards them.
Caleb had always got along with Grace, kind of taking her under his wing so the other kids wouldnt pick on her. It wasnt so much that Caleb fought off people physically it was more along the lines of the using his own body as the punching bag instead of hers. Like a lot of school experiences every once in a while the three of them got pushed around by bullies and that was when the toughest part of blending in came, instead of crushing them like bugs with their fighting ability and spirit powers they allowed the bullies to beat up on them so they blended in.
Mace didnt understand why Caleb was so protective of Grace since they were five he had been obsessed with protecting her almost like they were a couple and thats when the thought hit him.
Staring at her a little more intently Mace noted that she wasnt actually too bad looking, she was around five feet tall with light brown hair which was a tingled mess as it stuck out of the baseball cap she always wore. Her eyes were honey brown with a hint of yellow in them when the sun caught it just right her features were pretty but not beautiful and her figure although hidden in baggy clothes he could tell was very shapely. She would be the perfect girl for Caleb to start seeing, she already knew him and wouldnt push to be around them to much.
Hey Caleb here comes the very girl you are going to be dating. Mace whispered to him as she neared.
What are you talking about? Caleb said clearly shocked. Shes one of my best friends Im not risking that on a fake relationship.
Who says that it has to end badly? Mace questioned.
What are we talking about? Lydia asked leaning over to them.
We decided that Caleb is going to date Grace as his cover girlfriend. Mace answered happily.
Good choice. She smiled. I like her.
I never agreed Caleb started before Lydia cut him off.
Dont worry Caleb Ill talk to her for you, Ill take care of everything. Lydia smiled as Grace finally reached them. Hey Grace good to see you. She said hugging her.
Hey Lydia looking sharp as usual, better keep a close eye on her Mace before someone realizes shes too good for you.  Grace joked punching Mace in the arm playfully.
Ill keep an eye out. Mace said twisting his face making it look weird.
Whats the news Grace? You seemed pretty intent on getting to us; did you miss me that much? Caleb joked.
Yeah stud I just cant get enough. She grinned. Truthfully though you have to see this new kid that everyone is talking about, he just started today and already Buck and his friends have him surrounded and surprise, surprise there are no teachers anywhere in sight.
How bad is it? Mace asked shaking his head at the situation.
Thats the thing, hes already taken down one of the bullies and is fending off the others all by himself. She smiled. Finally someone is standing up to them but thats not the craziest part you really need to come see what I mean.
Without waiting for them to answer Grace turned on her heels and ran off back through the crowd that was now making his way to the fight everyone had heard about. Pushing their way to the front of the gathered crowd the trio stared in amazement as they watched the new guy ready to fight pacing back and forth but the most astonishing thing was that he looked almost exactly like Caleb.

Chapter 5

The underground city was vast covering over ten square miles and still it didnt seem like enough room as the many streets were crowded with the supernaturals from their clan alliance. 
Lucas stood on the balcony of his giant mansion home over looking the city before him, he could practically taste the desire for blood and mayhem on the slight breeze which flowed over the underground city through the tunnels leaving to the surface world. 
He wasnt sure about the collectives decision concerning the leadership here but there was nothing to do about it, he had already made his protests known and they had been disregarded. He was thankful that word hadnt come back to Ked or Dorn about his grievances he could only imagine how they would have reacted, he hated dealing with them and now when Yann finished his rebirth there would be a third leader he hated lumbering over him.
Its only a matter of time before I rise to my destine role of leader. He thought as he watched a fight break out in the streets below him.
Its like watching children or herding a flock is it not? A voice questioned from behind him.
Without turning around he knew that it was Yann, he had finished his regeneration and now taken his role as the head leader of their clans. An interesting analogy to use, are you still connected to your former life and duties?
Not in the least Lucas. He said standing next to him and watching the fight.
Should I stop the fight my lord? Questioned Lucas hoping to depart.
No, let them tear each other apart and then bring the survivors to me. Yann answered.
Turning to look at Yann, Lucas was surprised to see how different he looked from the last time he had seen him. Instead of being five foot eight he was now six foot two, his features that were good looking but ordinary before now were sharp and edged in perfection, his eyes went from brown to completely green and his once slightly chubby build was muscular and proportioned. 
It seems that joining our vampire clan agrees with you. Lucas noted looking back at the street.
Glad you approve. He answered sarcastically.
That is not what I meant my lord, I merely was stating how well you look. Has the transformation taken a toll on your former abilities? He rephrased. 
Questioning my ability to lead?
Not in the least.
I know that you hate myself and the other lords and given our history with you I cant say that I blame you, that being said if you try to hatch any plans against myself, the others or the clans Ill rip you limb from limb personally. He smiled standing in front of him with a smile.
I have no such plans my lord. Bowed Lucas trembling a little in fear.
I highly doubt that but we will see. He answered looking over the railing. It appears that the fight has concluded bring them to the main audience chamber so I and the others may speak to them.
As you wish my lord. Lucas answered holding back from saying anything that would get him in more trouble.
Lucas turned and in one swift motion jumped over the railing sailing all the way down ten stories to the street below where he landed gracefully in front of the three creatures left standing. The two werewolves and the dark elf backed away at the appearance of Lucas lumbering over them.
We did not start the fight Lucas. One of the werewolves named Benjamin quickly said as he transformed back into his human form.
I didnt ask. Lucas said picking at his fingernails as they grew out.
What are you here to do Lucas? Questioned the elf unsure what to do next.
Nothing other than take the three of you to see the leaders they requested the winners of the fight give them an audience. He answered walking towards them. Of course if you choose to resist the invitation that is a different story altogether.
I will come willingly. Benjamin answered pulling on some nearby clothes.
What about you Steven? He questioned the other werewolf who was still in his animal form.
After a moment Steven reverted back to his human form with a bow. I will come willingly.
As will I. The elf answered whose name was Lathen.
ExcellentI suppose. Lucas grinned turning back towards the castle that served as the apex of the city. Follow me.
Lucas loved the respect shown to him as he walked the short distance back to the castle everyone backed away and many even bowed as he drew near.
Do you have any idea what the leaders wish to speak with us for? Questioned Lathen.
None, all I know is that Yann saw the fight and allowed it to continue, afterward he told me to collect the victors and bring them to the main audience chamber. Lucas answered methodically. 
Going through the hallways was always like walking through the scenes in a movie, one chamber had humans being ripped apart to feed the massive clans. The next had an eloquent room with several heads of clan were dressed lavishly and dining while joking. In the third there were animals of all kinds including a captured unicorn and griffin, followed by a room with dozens of creatures training to be better killers.
It went on like that until they reached the main chamber surrounded by walls with several doors guarded by huge giants.
What do you want Lucas? One of the giants questioned as he drew near with the three others. And who are these miserable creatures with you?
They have been summoned by the council stand aside Gor. Lucas answered with a snarl.
Ah the council said something about these creatures, they may pass but you may not.
What?
They wish to speak with them in private. Gor answered with a smile. Of course you can always try to get past us if you want.
Another time you and I will have our fun perhaps in the next coliseum challenges. Lucas answered stepping up to his face. Unless of course you are scared.
I will meet you on the field when the games start vampire. He growled. But for now they can go forward without you.
Till then Gor enjoy what life you have left. Lucas said turning back the way he came.
Gor and the other giant opened the massive double doors allowing the other three creatures into the room where the three thrones were filled by Yann, Ked and Dorn sitting patiently and speaking amongst themselves.
Noticing that they had come in Yann held up his hand for the others to stop talking. Come in my friends we have been waiting for you.
The three of them walked quietly into the large room stopping about ten feet from the throne chairs. You summoned us my lords? Lathen questioned as they all dropped to their knees in reverence. 
Indeed we did. Ked answered. Lord Yann informed us of what happened in the streets outside, what may I ask started the confrontation?
It was over rights to a human slave my lord, we said that we had the rights since we purchased the human in the market but the others said that the human was theirs due to payment owed on a game of chance we lost. Steven found out that the earlier game was rigged and we began to fight over everything at that point. Steven answered.
How many stood against you? Dorn asked.
Seven my lord. Answered Benjamin. Four giants, two werewolves and one troll.
How gravely injured are you? Questioned Yann.
We barely had any scratches on us my lord and they have already healed.  Lathen adds proudly.
Excellent, which one of you would be considered the strongest in your opinions? Smiled Dorn.
The three friends looked at each other for a moment discussing things amongst themselves.
What do you say Lathen? Asked Steven.
I would say that I am what about you two? He answered without being cocky in the slightest.
I agree. Answered Benjamin. What say you Steven?
The same.
Gentlemen have you reached a decision?  Pressed Yann leaning forward.
Yes my lord, we have decided that I am the strongest of us. Lathen said stepping forward.
And who after that? Ked asked licking his lips and making them all nervous.
Benjamin nudged Steven forward. 
That would be me. Steven said proudly.
Then the two of you step forward and receive your just deserts. Dorn said rising from the throne.
A second later the three leaders had descended on the two creatures and were feasting upon them until only small bits and pieces were left, looking around Yann noticed Benjamin huddled in the corner in fear.
Step forward Benjamin you are not a coward it is unbecoming for you to behave as one. Dorn said sitting at the throne again.
Why my lord did you kill them if I may ask?  Benjamin said standing in front of the thrones again and trying to sound brave.
To absorb their power of course. Ked answered.
I was not aware that was one of the powers vampires have. He answered suddenly interested.
It is not one you will find among any of the other vampires or their clans, only we three posses the power to take the powers of others upon consumption. Every other vampire will grow stronger from feeding but that is it we are unique. Yann answered.
We have spared you because although you were not the strongest out of the three you do have strength and skill, now you must go forth with a mission for us, one of vital importance. Yann answered. Now step forward and tell no one of what you hear now.

Chapter 6

Caleb couldnt believe his eyes, this guy looked like he was his twin brother and although he was holding his own for the time being but it was only a matter of minutes perhaps seconds until he would be over whelmed by Buck and the rest of his goons.
Leave him alone Buck. Caleb said stepping from the crowd, something he normally wouldnt have done, but seeing this kid something sparked inside of him that made him want to protect the other boy.
Well if it isnt little Caleb, come to get your face rearranged with your look alike? Buck asked stepping towards him.
Im not going to ask you again Buck, back off or else. He said fearlessly as the crowds oohing and awing edged the confrontation on.
Bucks face showed that he was stunned to have anyone defy him before his face twisted in a sneer. You just signed your death warrant.
Mace and Lydia held their breath wondering what was going happen next, never before had any of them openly challenged anyone in a fight much less done it in front of everyone.
Buck strolled up to Caleb towering over him, at six feet tall he looked like a heavy set gorilla. His stomach was over grown and sticking out of his shirt making him look like a sumo at the same time it off set his gorilla features.
Dont make me hurt you Buck. Caleb answered without backing down.
Hurt me? Buck laughed reaching out to grab onto Calebs shoulder.
Before his hand could reach him Caleb grabbed it twisting it backwards while at the same time kicking Buck in the stomach, the second he hunched over from the blow Caleb finished him off by kneeing him in the face knocking him out as he fell backwards.
Stunned, the rest of the bullies just stared unsure what to do about Caleb a man they had beat up on several times in the past with no issue or resistance.
Which of you wants to be next? Caleb said defiantly standing next to the new guy who stared quietly in silence.
Whats going on here? One of the teachers interrupted pushing his way to the front of the crowd. What happened to Buck?
He tripped. Mace said quickly.
And all of you are just standing there? The teacher said rushing to check on him.
As you and the other teachers are well aware Mr. Chavez Buck and his friends have a habit of picking on everyone else hence the lack of aid to him now, besides when he was injured he had been pushing around this new kid. Caleb answered.
Is this true? Mr. Chavez questioned to the new kid.
Yes sir. I was just minding my own business when they came up and said I had to give them whatever money I had on me. He answered a little bothered by the attention.
Well talk more about that later then, in the meantime everyone break it up and head to class right now! He demanded trying to revive Buck.
As the crowd broke Bucks right hand man (a skinny guy with glasses named Donovan) passed close to Caleb and the new kid for a second whispering to them in a low tone. You got lucky punks the next time we find you the teachers wont be around to save your sorry butts. 
You have that all wrong Donovan the teacher didnt save us he saved you. Caleb hissed back.
The look on Donovans face was priceless as Caleb shoved him backwards and ushered the new guy towards the inner buildings. Whats your name? 
Belac. He answered.
Im Caleb.
So are we going to talk about the elephant in the room? Belac asked with a sigh.
Im not sure where to start, where are you from maybe we are distant relatives. Caleb answered.
I dont know where I was born for sure, the reason I came here is because I have been searching and this is where my search has lead, I was moved around a lot as a kid because Im an orphan I never knew my parents. He answered. Is it possible your parents gave me up for adoption? He asked point blank.
Not likely, my parents were always about family. Caleb frowned at the thought.
Maybe they know of some family that might have given me up at birth an uncle or aunt? Do you think we could ask them? He asked hopefully.
If they were alive I would, my mother died when I was a baby and my father passed away recently. Caleb answered staring at the floor as the two of them walked.
Im sorry to hear that. He said in the customary tone.
Death is a part of life. Caleb shrugged. Anyway, where is your first class?
Politics with Professor Dawson. He answered upset at the subject change. 
Hes a good teacher youll like him. Caleb answered. Ill show you where the class is.
Can I ask you something? 
Sure.
Why did you step in to help me back there? The way those thugs acted was like you never step up to them so why now? Belac questioned.
Truthfully I dont know, maybe I was just tired of the bullies or maybe it was because you look a lot like me. Caleb answered.
Whatever your reasons, thanks for stepping in, Im a descent fighter but I have no doubt they would have pounded me into the ground.
Anytime, if you need some friends you can hang out with me and my friends from now on its up to you. Caleb said stopping in front of a door to a classroom.
Ill probably take you up on that. He said shaking Calebs hand.
Cool, well see you for lunch then bro at the courtyard we were just in. Caleb answered heading off back down the hallway.
Caleb walked down the hall thinking of where or who might have given up Belac when he turned a corner and ran right into Grace.
Hey stranger I was wondering where you got off to. She said patting his chest.
I was helping the new guy find his first class.
Whats his name? She asked as the two of them walked towards their first class.
Belac.
Thats an interesting name. She answered thinking it over.
Yeah I suppose, Im more interested in figuring out where he came from. Caleb said absently.
Im more interested in figuring out how and why a guy Ive known forever suddenly not only develops a backbone but also apparently is a master fighter. She says stopping him right outside their class to look into his eyes. Any explanation?
Its a long story for another time. He answered.
Meaning you are going to put off telling me anything now and then later youll conveniently forget to tell me anything. She frowned opening the door and walking in without giving him a chance to defend himself from the comment.
Thats just what I needed, one more pissed off person in my life. Caleb muttered following her inside to the desk near hers.
Nice of you to join us. The teacher scolded for a moment before turning back to the board and continuing with the lesson on the history of Passion Falls.
After a dull hour filled with things that werent quite true from what Caleb knew he watched the clock counting the seconds until the bell rang for the next class. He looked over at Grace for a minute hoping she would talk to him again but like the rest of the class she still pretended that he wasnt even there.
She wanted to be a jerk about him having a private life that was her business he was done trying to talk with her. The bell rang and Grace made sure that she was the first one out the door leaving him in the dust to make her point clear, she was not pleased with him.
Filing out of the classroom himself Caleb took his normal short cut through the narrow corridors between the buildings so he could get to class a few minutes early and set up everything he would need for science lab but instead of the emptiness he was used to Donovan appeared in front of him and one of the other thugs from there group a hairy guy named Justin appeared behind him.
Time to pay the piper punk. Donovan said making a fist and punching it into his hand.
Thats a little bit of an older saying for you isnt it? Caleb said unimpressed.
Not really. He said growing fangs as his skin turned beyond white pale. They used to always say it when I was first turned, dont you have any sayings passed on to you from your elders spirit warrior? 
Caleb turned to look behind him noting that Justin had begun to transform as well changing into a rather large werewolf a strange alliance for the normal clans inside the boundaries. 
Bravo keeping your true forms hidden from my senses so long, how did you manage that? Caleb asked.
A gift from the new leaders of the clans. Answered Donovan.
You know Don you dont look all that different this way than you did as a human. Caleb smiled looking back at him again. Now tell me again the leaders of the clans? You arent telling me that you two prize ponies are actually from the clan alliance outside of the border are you? Because that just isnt possible none of the evil from the clans could possibly cross.
For now, but things are changing Caleb, soon no where will be safe for you or the others, but to answer your question we were part of two separate small clans here inside the barrier, the leaders reached out to us along with others Im sure and offered us many things if we switched sides, both of us accepted and decimated the members of the clans here and took to the mission of recording everything you and the others have done or are doing. Donovan answered with a fanged smile dripping a little saliva. 
Why revel yourselves now? Did you really take me beating up Buck that hard?
Things have changed, we have been ordered to take you in, the leaders have important plans for you. Justin answered.
You know what Justin, you look less hairy now then you did as a werewolf. Caleb answered looking at him for a moment. Come on you guys dont really think that you will be enough to take me in yourselves do you?
Who said we were alone? Justin smiled looking up to the top part where the buildings roofs met the high walls where six more creatures waited to pounce on Caleb.
There were four more werewolves and two vampires one of which was Buck himself.
Interesting, thank you all. Caleb smiled.
For what? Demanded Buck and the others dropping from the roofs. 
For saving me the trouble of hunting you down one at a time. 

Chapter 7

The three council members watched the water in the stone bowl in front of them with vested interest as Benjamin approached the barrier protecting Passion Falls.
Looking up at the eagle in an over shadowing tree Benjamin grimaced at the thought of having to do this test for the new leaders. Gathering his courage he stepped towards the invisible wall waiting for it to warn him as it always did, sure enough the blue energy shimmered across the surface of the barrier wall a moment later warning him to turn back while he still could. Looking back at the possessed eagle one last time he closed his eyes stepping forward, seconds later he screamed out in pain as the barrier seared his flesh in an attempt to destroy him completely. Then just as quickly as it started the pain ended and Benjamin found himself on the other side of the barrier slightly burned but still able to attack and fight if necessary.
I made it! He yelled jumping into the air with joy.
Yes, the question is how did you make it? A voice questioned as a spear pierced Benjamins shoulder lifting him off the ground. Answer that riddle for me creature of the evil clans.
Benjamin squirmed pulling himself free from the spear ready to fight and kill whatever person was foolish enough to attack him, with the extra power the leaders had given him even the most powerful of the three teenage Spirit Warriors didnt stand a chance. He could now match the fastest vampire, his vision was better than that of a griffin, his strength rivaled a giants, his skin was tougher than a trolls, his claws and senses were keener than any of his werewolf kin. 
He was sent here for the purpose of defeating and capturing the last three Spirit Warriors but he knew that they really didnt believe he would win, Benjamin was a test to see how far just one soldier could get if empowered by the leaders. Now someone dared challenge him and he was going to make sure that the leaders eagle witnessed his power as he destroyed this fool in front of them.
You should run little rabbit, I enjoy the thrill of the hunt. He said before turning around. I wont look to give you a sporting chance.
Turn and face me werewolf, I have enough honor that I will give you one last chance to turn and face me. The person answered.
Have it your way. Benjamin said turning to face his attacker but the second he sees who it is his fur stands on end and his face pales.
I always have it my way intruder. Answered Lord Jaris with a smirk. Now for the last time tell me who it is that sent you and how it is that you were able to pass through my barrier?
Looking nervously at the eagle and then Jaris he begins to back away slowly. I will never tell you anything.
We shall see about that. Jaris answered using several spirits of dead gorillas to capture and drag Benjamin to stand in front of him.
The moment he is finally stretched out in front of the Lord flame bursts around the werewolf turning him into ash in seconds.
A disturbing turn of events. Jaris says calmly watching the last of the ash float away in the wind, slowly he turns afterward to look at the eagle right outside the barrier but before he can inspect it further the eagle also lights on fire burning to ash. It seems the audience we had was no longer interested in the show, the question remains though who exactly the audience was. He muses looking around the forest before fading back into the Spirit Realm located in the heavens.
Do you truly think that Jaris would have been able to sense who we are from Benjamin or the eagle? Ked questioned leaning back in his throne.
Tracking or sensing our touch through either of them isnt one of his powers. Added Dorn.
We have never known the full power or scope of the Spirit King and I would rather air on the side of caution, besides we now know for sure that what we did worked, and we can empower those loyal to us with the ability to cross the barrier. Yann answered joining the others in the thrones.
Empowering Benjamin alone to cross the barrier took nearly all of our strength and that was after feeding heavily, we would never be able to create enough soldiers to storm Passion Falls and defeat the three teenagers there not to mention the clans of light. Dorn pointed out to the others.
We do not need to have an army remember our goal is to find the tunnel of light before the Spirit Warriors do, then and only then we can absorb the clans of light into our forces along with the three remaining warriors. Once we succeed in that endeavor here we will spread across the face of the United States and then the world! Think of it, no one opposing us, no more wars, instead a peace that will allow us to conquer the humans and reign supreme. Yann smiled.
Then we need to decide what warrior we will choose to go forth and defeat the warriors. Ked answered.
We do, but first we must feed! Yann said with a smile as he spread his massive bat wings flying out the roof of the citadel.
With a scream of glee Ked and Dorn follow him out into the massive under ground city picking off any creatures unfortunate enough to be out during their thirst.
Meanwhile back at the school, Belac wondered around lost when he heard a ruckus coming from an alley in between the buildings, looking around he couldnt help but notice that no one seemed to hear what he was picking up on. With a shrug he turned the corner to see Caleb flipping over several sets of claws that hungrily grabbed at him, when he landed Belac noticed that Caleb had a large reptilian tail that he used to sweep most of the werewolves (he assumed they were werewolves) to the side.
Without meaning to he hollered out Calebs name drawing everyones attention to himself.
Take care of the look alike, well handle the Spirit Warrior. Buck growled.
Donovan smiled happily walking towards Belac clearly ready for the kill. No where to run now boy.
How would you explain my disappearance? Surely there would be questions. Belac said backing away while looking at the ground.
New kid that just couldnt fit in so he ran away never to be seen again, the story writes itself really. Answered Donovan closing the distance quicker.
Convenient. So tell me, is Caleb what you guys called a Spirit Warrior before? He questioned suddenly changing his backwards direction to move across the alley instead of backing out of it.
He is, not that it will do you any good now. Belac answered with a smile.
Actually Smiled Belac suddenly standing his ground. Havent you found it odd how calm I am during a fight where there are several werewolves, vampires and a half man, half lizard kid? Thats because it is such a relief to finally know what it is I am called and to know for sure that I am not the only one in the world.
The smile began to fade on Donovans face made all the quicker by Belacs own transformation, in seconds he grew to be ten feet tall and so wide he barely fit in the alley as he grew four extra arms that came equipped with razor sharp swords.
Now monsters you and I will have to end this quickly, Caleb and I have something to discuss. He said lunging at Donovan so fast that he didnt have time to react before the six massive arms of Belac tore him apart.
Caleb was a little surprised to see that Belac grew arms by drawing on the power of the Spirits but he didnt have time to think about it, even though Belac had taken Donovan by surprise the others were quickly recovering from the shock and already on the attack again.
Drawing on different spirits Caleb changed himself once again, merging with the long dead spirit of a mountain lion, growing the claws and tail, his senses and reflexes sharpened allowing him to anticipate the coming attacks giving him the advantage.
Minutes later long after the bell had rang and Belac had shown up to aid Caleb in the fight the two of them finished off the last creature left to them, Buck had been tougher than the rest but in the end he fell just like the others had, somehow when Belac and Caleb fought side by side it just clicked. They anticipated each others moves and complimented each others styles meshing perfectly like a well oiled machine of comrades that had trained together for years.
As Belac returned to normal he walked up to Caleb who stretched out his hand. Thank you for the help.
It was my pleasure. He said looking around at the bodies. How are we supposed to explain this? Time to move again I guess.
Nonsense. Caleb said beginning to chant with his eyes closed.
As Belac watched the very spirits of the creatures they had just killed arose from the dead bodies and pushed the corpses into the ground where the Earth swallowed them up leaving no trace that they had ever been there.
Dont tell me youve always left every time you have dealt with some rouge creatures? Caleb smiled until he saw that Belac was frowning. You really have always ran after fighting a dark clan member?
I have, I didnt know that spell or whatever it was you just did that allowed you to hide the bodies. He answered.
Thats one of the first chants we learn when we are young Spirit Warriors. Caleb said more to himself than to Belac.
Like I told you before, I never knew anyone in my family I was adopted remember? He answered.
Then how did you?
Learn to channel spirits? He finished for him. By accident when I was attacked one day by a very large very angry ogre, I called out for help and before I knew it the spirit of a giant came out of the ground becoming one with me.
Youre lucky.
Since this first happened I have never felt lucky about it. Belac answered. All it has ever done for me is cause me heartache and pain, Ive been chased by evil creatures and the few good ones I have met were killed in front of me as they tried to protect me from danger. Trust me I have been anything but lucky since this happened. He snapped kicking some dirt off the ground
We need to get you caught up on who we are and what we do as Spirit Warriors, where are you staying right now? Caleb asked.
The motel near route one.
Not any more, it is custom to provide lodging to any visiting Spirit Warriors in our house and should you choose to stay and become part of our clan you will be family from then on. Caleb answered. Now I can feel the spirits of two birds beneath the ground let us merge with them and I will show you where we live. You can get the rest of your things later after the others get out of school but for now you and I can talk some more over a good meal, then later I will take you to meet the Spirit King.
The Spirit King? He repeated in question.
He is the oldest of the Spirit Warriors that was turned into the king of the dead after his great achievements during his life, his power taps into us and through him we protect all of Passion Falls with a barrier of soul energy that will burn away any enemy that tries to enter. Caleb answered beginning to summon the bird spirit.
Then how did those guys get in here that were attacking you? Questioned Belac while summoning a spirit bird of his own.
They were once part of the clans of light protected here inside the barrier until they turned traitor but that poses a whole other question with troubling issues left to be answered by us. Caleb said drifting into the spirit and becoming fully bird as they became one with Belac following suit.
As the two of them circled around the buildings high in the air the two warriors failed to notice the small girl huddled in the corner of the alley entrance watching the birds fly off into the distance. Oh my god, what the heck are you guys? Questioned Grace in awe.

Chapter 8

Thirty members of the dark clan paid the price for the hunger that burned in the bellies of the three leaders as the gorged themselves on blood and powers from anyone they could snatch up, it almost became like a game among the three of them as they dove back and forth into the fleeing crowd to see who could grab the largest creature and tear them to shreds. 
With an insane amount of laughter Ked lead the others back into the main chamber where their thrones were located. That was fun, how long had it been since the three of us were able to hunt together in such a manner?
It has been more years then I care to count old friend. Dorn answered settling into his throne with the others.
It has been over ten years. Yann said seriously. For too long you both of you were gone and now that you are both here it is almost like a dream.
Not the dream that I had originally seen for us. Dorn moped for a second shifting in his throne.
I dont believe it is the dream any of us had my friend but we are at least united again despite the circumstances. Ked added.
And yet we are still not a complete family, we need the others with us. Yann stated wiping some of the blood from his mouth.
I agree but they will be resistant. Dorn pointed out.
As was I, as were the both of you. We conformed to being in this place as will they. Yann said lacing his fingers together at the thought.
They are not the same as we, especially your son Yann. He as always been resistant to your will this will be no different Im sure. Ked said decidedly.
Be that as it may he will submit to what I desire in this matter or he will die with anyone else who stand in our way. Yann answered standing up. Now that we have re-charged so to speak let us begin making our infiltration team.
I have an idea for our first. Ked smiled.
Who caught your eye? Not one of those cowards that was running in fear I hope. Dorn frowned as they walked to the double doors.
No, I suggest we empower Lucas.  He answered enjoying the surprised look on their faces.
Are you mad? Lucas would turn against us the first chance he gets, Im sure that he is already plotting and scheming. Yann reasoned bothered at the thought.
Quite the opposite of mad I would say. Dorn smiled.
Meaning? Yann asked looking at him.
If we empower him he will know or at least think that we are not on to him, then we send him exactly where he as wanted to go. We send him for the three Spirit Warriors left they fight him, weaken him and we do the rest. Ked explains.
I bold plan let us hope it works. Yann answers. In the meantime we must continue working to improve our own powers if we cant fully integrate our new powers with our old ones we may yet lose no matter what we have achieved so far.
I agree, the reports from the fight when Mace and Lydia attempted to escape showed that Caleb has achieved the power of the ancestors. If he is able to unlock this in the others or if they find the tunnel of light it will not matter how many of our followers are given strength. Ked adds gravely.
Even with the power of the ages he was still wounded, the techniques they have learned for fighting is a shadow of what they could really be the poor teaching they received will lead to their downfall as it did for those before them. Dorn answered unconcerned about the warriors.
In less than a second Yann has Dorn off the floor in the air against the wall by his throat hitting it so hard that the wall itself cracked a little. This is what the unexpected does Dorn, the same thing that happens when you underestimate an opposite. Make sure that you dont make a mistake like that with the children. He said dropping him to the ground now that he had made his point.
Still taking it upon yourself to train us after all this time Yann? Dorn coughed. A little late considering everything that has happened.
If you feel there is something you need to get off your chest do it now Dorn before we continue with this endeavor. Yann demanded standing over him.
Im not looking to fight you Yann, all I want is for you to take responsibility for what happened to us. He said standing up to him face to face.
I can admit when I have been wrong Dorn and I take full accountability for everything that happened. He answered turning back to the doors and flinging them open.
Then I can let it end there from here on and I wont bring it up again.  Dorn forced a smile.
Guards summon Lucas to meet us on the promenade. Yann ordered as they walked by.
As you wish my lord. The giant quickly said running off down the corridor.
When Lucas comes to us I will explain the situation to him. Ked decided as they over looked the streets below that were again teaming with the members of the clans.
Agreed. The others said in unison.
The knock at the door was so loud that Lucas instantly knew it was one of the giants there to summon him.
Go away. He growled biting into the human slave he had kept for himself.
The leaders have decided to must meet them on the promenade. The giant yelled through the door.
I will meet the leaders when I am finished with what I am doing, if they have issue with that then they can summon me personally. He roared in answered picking up a desk and throwing it at the door.
Gladly. He laughed turning around and running back to inform the leaders.
Lucas knew that he shouldnt have lost it like that, he should have played the dutiful servant because the powers decided these three should be in charge here no matter what he said but right then he didnt care. He was completely blood drunk from the hours he had been feeding so far, let the leaders do what they wanted he was to important for them to actually move against him at least for now.
After the giant finished his report Yann sent him back to his post leaving the three of them alone to talk.
Do you still believe Lucas to be the wise choice? Yann asked calmly.
Now more than ever. Ked answered.
This cancer needs to be excised before it can grow and infect others. Dorn growled.
Then let us give him enough power to get through the barrier but not enough to defeat the Spirit King or the warriors. Yann smiled. As for his gracious invitation I will personally go and fetch him.
We need him willing and ready do not fight him or he may suspect something. Ked warned.
Fear not Ked, I will bediplomatic. He grinned cracking his knuckles as he sped down the corridors at super speed.
As he ran his heightened vision saw the two foot solid steel door zooming towards him but Yann refused to slow down, hitting the door full force Yann busted right through it like a knife through butter startling Lucas who jumped out of his bed sailing to the ceiling where he stuck hissing at him.
So jumpy Lucas and after you invited me here, you make me wonder the validity of your invitation. Yann smiled sitting in a nearby chair.
Jumping down to the floor Lucas walked up standing a few feet from Yann. Could you not simply knock like a civilized person Yann?
We do not live in civilized times nor are we civilized people let us not pretend we are anything other than monsters. Yann yawned.
You sound disgusted by that. Lucas remarked walking to his private bar and pouring himself a drink.
Not in the slightest, I simply do not think you, I, or anyone else in the clans should fool themselves we should all be proud of who and what we are not try to emulate the very humans we vie to destroy. He answered.
I see, tell me Yann what message is so important that you felt the need toinsist on seeing me? He questioned handing Yann a drink as well. If memory serves you drink whiskey correct?
I always have. He said taking the drink.
And even with thealterations youve undergone that has not changed?
No, but to answer your earlier question there is a matter we wish to discuss with you and it would be prudent if we did it now rather than later. Yann answered.
An adventure for me no doubt.
One I think you shall relish in Yann answered rising to his feet.
Im intrigued.
Then we will expect you in the throne room five minutes from now. Yann answered walking out of the room.
In five minutes I will be thereleader. Lucas agreed.
Walking into the throne room Yann smiles without saying another word as he took his seat in the middle of his two friends.
You were successful then? Ked asked.
He will be here shortly. Yann answered leaning back in his chair.
Excellent, then we can proceed as planned. I think Lucas will enjoy the gift we are about to give him, already he is strong and hardly rivaled throughout the clans but with the power we will give him Lucas should be unmatched. Dorn stated.
That is only if he accepts it. Ked pointed out.
If he chooses not to we will simply choose another, its true that we trust him above all others but another will be grateful for the gift if he is not. Yann stated.
Having overheard enough of the conversation he eves dropped on Lucas floats back across the ceiling making sure the guards stay ignorant to his presence, dropping down behind a wall he walks around the corner as if showing up for the first time.
The leaders have summoned me step aside.

Chapter 9

Transforming back into humans Belacs eyes were wide as he over looked the beautiful mansion and vast lush grounds Caleb called home, part of him was envious because obliviously Caleb had never gone wanting for anything but there was something underlying in his voice a sadness that Belac couldnt quite place that made him second guess the jealously he was feeling.
Nice home. Belac said unsure of how to start given that he didnt really know Caleb.
Its a good house but it hasnt been a home in a very long time. Caleb said absently over looking the place himself as if seeing it for the first time.
What do you mean?
I grew up here and for much of that time it was a happy and joyous place but that slowly changed, first Lydias father died, then Maces and just a couple of nights ago my father. With each death the feel of our families changed and this place became less of a home. He answered motioning for him to follow him inside.
Im sorry to hear that.
No youre not. Caleb said flatly surprising him. Youre trying to be nice and I appreciate it but I know that since you dont know me or the others how could you possibly really care?
 Youre right I was just trying to be nice, its hard to feel sorry for you looking at the place where you grew up at least you knew your parents. He answered a little annoyed at being spurned.
I didnt mean to offend you it was a nice gesture.
Thanks. Belac frowned awkwardly. So you said your fathers died what happened to your mothers if I can ask?
Lydias mother died while giving birth to her, Maces mother died when he was ten fighting off twelve vampires and all my dad would tell me is that my mother died when I was young. He answered turning around to open the door.
Again I am sorry, were you close to your father? He asked following him inside.
Not really, Mace and Lydia were but my father always treated me more like a soldier than a son. He answered leading him into the kitchen. You hungry?
Starving. 
Ill whip us up some grub. Caleb said driving into the refrigerator.
So what did you mean earlier about troubling questions?
Making a couple of sandwiches Caleb took a deep breath. All over the world there are Spirit Warriors although we are a dying race slowly we are losing this war but that is not the most troubling thing, the warriors of the race protect the light clans or good guys so to speak. The dark clans are lead by the powers twenty of the oldest creatures in creation, they thrive on blood and death wishing to enslave all humanity and anyone who opposes their cause.
Cheerful group.
Very, but anyway, the dark clans cannot cross the barrier we generate by being alive. The barrier surrounds the clans of light like a force field if and when a dark clan member truly changes sides in their heart they can cross the barrier and if a light member changes heart they are instantly yanked outside of the barrier whether they want to be or not. The fact that the guys we faced were still inside the boundary line means the power is breaking down more than we imagined, if we cannot get more Spirit Warriors here to reinforce it the dark clans will cross and everyone will be wiped out. He answered gravely.
Not a very comforting thought.
No.
Well how can we stop it, after all I just got here Id hate for my new home to be destroyed. He smiled.
This is your house now Belac and we are your family, one way or another we will find out where you came from I promise. Caleb reassured.
Im not worried about it, Ive gone this long without knowing I can wait a little longer. Belac smiled finishing his food and placing the plate in the sink.
We can check the archives and find the information about all Spirit Warrior births in the south west if nothing is in there then we can try to send an eagle to the other warriors but I wouldnt put to much hope in that seeing as the messenger birds have been killed every time we have tried. Caleb announced.
Cant you just call or email them?
No, all lines of communication to the others have been blocked. He answered standing up from the table. 
Hackers?
Hackers and magically blocked. He answered walking out of the kitchen with Belac following.
Cutting off the lines of communication, keeping the enemy isolated that is an old military tactic. Belac pointed out.
Gee we hadnt thought of that. Caleb said sarcastically.
Dont be a jerk Im just saying its not looking real good for our side right now is it?
No its not but that doesnt mean we will stop fighting.
How long has it been this bad? Belac questioned following him into a room full of weapons.
Its been getting steadily worse for some years now but lately it has been really bad.
So what changed?
The loss of our parents and some new leadership on the other side some new heavy hitters. He answered frowning at the thought of the trouble ahead.
So who are these new hitters? Warlocks? Werewolves?
Vampires but from what we have heard not of any species we have encountered before. Caleb answered.
How many kinds are there?
A bunch, some are hurt by daylight other not so much. Some shape shift and others cant. Some can fly, but all of them have super strength and speed. There are even those that can turn invisible. He explains.
What kinds do you have here?
Mainly we have the kind that can survive in sunlight as long as they have feed also they can fly but what I have heard is that these new vampires can steal others powers for a short time when they feed on them and then there is something else but we arent sure what it is yet. Caleb mused looking over the vast array of weapons.
What powers do we have? I mean I have tried some things on my own but I have never been formally trained. He questioned.
Well we can raise and control spirits
Meaning? He asks for a more in-depth answer.
Meaning when we raise a spirit we can have it attack or merge with us, if we merge with it then we can take on the full form of the spirits previous body or we can become a combination of human and creature it just depends on what you find most useful at that point in time. Caleb says showing him pictures in a book of warriors shifting.
Looking at the book Belac notices that some of the pages are ripped out. What happened to those pages?
No one knows for sure, our parents said that our grandparents ripped out the pages of that training because it was too dangerous for someone to try if they didnt have the power, trying to use those methods strains the body so much that if you dont have the power of the ancients it will kill you. Or so I was told. 
Thats a bit unfair not to let anyone even have the choice to try. Belac said tracing his finger over the rip.
That was my thoughts exactly another item in the long list of things I argued with my father about. Caleb huffed.
Is there anything you and your father did agree on?
Killing the bad guys. He answered flatly.
Ahh the family ties I missed out on, why cruel world? He jokes looking at the ceiling.
The fates have a sick sense of humor. He laughed.
Ill say but we are a little off topic, what other powers do we have?
Enhanced strength, speed, agility and healing. Dont get me wrong its not like we can lift a car or anything it is more along the lines of instead of being able to lift two hundred pounds at this age you can lift three hundred. Instead of jumping a three foot vertical you can jump a seven and so on and so forth. He answered.
Nice.
It really is but it doesnt do us very much good in the regular world because even if we protect the world the normal humans would have us strapped in a lab or destroyed, that is the nature of humans. Caleb sighed.
You didnt seem to have a problem defending me today.
I wasnt supposed to but there was something about you I couldnt shake and now I know why. Caleb smiles.
I appreciate it, youre a good fighter.
We have trained in many different styles of martial arts since a young age, Ill begin training you every day from now on to get you up to par with the rest of us the same is true for the powers and how to use them. He grinned patting him on the back.
Ive done some training of my own and survived a long time maybe something I learned along the way could help. Belac said walking to the door.
Anything we can learn will help.
I should let you know that Ive already decided were going to win. Belac decided as they walked out of the room together holding some foam for hitting and kicking.
The slam of a door echoed through the house for a moment startling Belac.
Come on Belac. Caleb smiled. Its time for you to meet the rest of the family.

Chapter 10

The giants stepped aside happily opening the doors for Lucas to enter the room hoping he would be punished for his insolents.
Ah Lucas, how good of you to join us. Ked smiled.
It is my pleasure Lord Ked after all I am a faithful servant. Lucas smiled evilly.
A truer statement had never been uttered. Dorn agreed. During the long months and years we were waiting for you Yann, Lucas has ever been the one who has served with honor and loyalty.
So you both have often told me and because I trust their council we have the most important mission as well as a gift to bestow upon you. He said standing up from the throne.
I am honored, what gift do you have for me my lords?
We are going to take the power we have absorbed from our feeding and stripping of other clan members, that combined with our othertalents, we will infuse you with more power than you have ever had before. Yann answered.
Continuing where he left off Ked joins him walking around behind Lucas. No longer will you need to feed to walk in the sunlight, no longer will the great barrier be able to hold you at bay from attacking those you have longed to defeat.
Finishing off the statements Dorn stands nose to nose with Lucas. And finally you will be impervious to fire unlike most vampires.
Do you accept these gifts? Asked Ked.
I take it if I accept the gifts the mission is part of the deal? Lucas answered feeling uncomfortable now that the three leaders had made a triangle around him.
It is but in no way will you be punished if you refuse, we will simply find another less worthy volunteer. The choice is yours. Yann remarked.
Am I allowed to know what the mission entails before I decide?
Of course, once empowered we will send a mass force of fifty clan members to the west end of the barrier to attack and distract the Spirit King as we do this you will approach from the east entrance of the barrier and pierce the boundary, once inside head directly to the school in Passion Falls where you must go the locked tower, lay in wait there until midnight and someone that has joined our cause will meet with you. Ked explained.
A surprised look crossed Lucas face at the news of dark clan members already in the boundary. We have forces inside the barrier that have not been pulled out automatically?
Indeed, the power of their protection begins to fail. Dorn says.
In any case once you have met with them take charge of them all and marshal the forces into a single strong fighting unit, then lead them in a surprise attack against the last three warriors, defeat them but do not kill them remember we have plans for them. Yann states.
Do you accept the mission and the gift? Ked pressed.
I do but is it really necessary to sacrifice fifty warriors? Lucas questioned.
We are not taking any chances when it comes to your safety crossing the barrier, fifty warriors are a small price to pay when it comes to our peace of mind. Dorn smiled raising his hands in the air. Now say goodbye to your former life for today you will be reborn.
Raising their hands to match suddenly a burst of light connects all three of them in a perfect triangle around Lucas bathing him in a blue light that lifts him off the ground shooting through him changing him into something new and fierce accenting his already handsome features making him look a hundred times more handsome than he was before.
After they finished Lucas felt like he could move mountains if he had to, he knew that he had changed on the outside as well as the inside and he couldnt wait to see how he had been improved. 
How do you feel? Yann asked slumping into his throne completely exhausted.
Unstoppable. Lucas smiled looking at the three leaders who were so weak they could barely stay sitting up in their thrones.
Excellent, we will regain our strength and in two hours time gather the forces for the attack which we will lead personally. Dorn stated. 
Look how weak and feeble they are right now, they must really be foolish enough to trust me given the fact that I could kill them all right now, maybe I should take my chance and get rid of them while they are in this weakened state. Thought Lucas staring at them for a moment too long.
A penny for your thoughts Lucas. Yann said staring intently at him.
Catching his eye Lucas just looks at them a moment longer. Nothing of consequence my lord I was merely wondering what I could do to help you feel better the three of you look completely drained to the point of death.
We are the weakest that we have ever been since our creation, were an enemy to find out about this they would be able to exploit it. Ked answered. If you could get a few humans for us to feed on and not tell anyone we would be in your debt.
 As you wish my lord. Lucas said deciding it was better to still play the servant rather then attack after all it could be a trick.
Lucas walked out of the throne room closing the doors behind him zooming out down the hallways towards the holding pens to get them a snack.
After he left Yann sat back on his throne steadily breathing. He did not take the opportunity.
Perhaps he suspected we were not as weak as perceived. Yann decided.
Perhaps, or maybe he is more loyal than we gave him credit. Dorn reasoned.
I highly doubt that but time will tell I suppose, in the meantime we have no choice but to continue as planned. Yann announced slumping again. We need to feed I am growing weaker by the second.
Lucas should be back soon. Dorn said holding his stomach in pain.
Just then the double doors opened with Lucas dragging in two women and a young man.
Here you go my lords. Lucas smiled depositing the humans in front of them.
A look of disgust passed over Yanns face turning into a sneer. Why have you brought this one to me Lucas?
He was one of the strongest and as you know the stronger the human the better for you when you feed. Lucas smiled.
You? The young man questioned. How can it be that you would be here? I thought
Before he can finish Dorn jumped off his throne burying his fangs in the jugular of the young mans throat and draining him in seconds. The problem is rectified forget the human he means nothing. 
I would have fed on him myself. Yann said frowning at the limp body.
Im not so sure, your prior attachment to some of these creatures is sickening sometimes. Dorn spit.
My attachments are none of your concern Dorn or do you require another lesson in who is master here? Yann said before biting into one of the girls as she screamed.
Do not question him Dorn we all have our orders including you and I, Yann is chosen leader here end of story if you dont like it feel free to complain to the powers. Ked said biting into the third.
Maybe I will. Dorn said sitting back down.
Feel free. Yann pushed sitting down next to him.
I do. Dorn replied smugly. 
Enough of this we have work to do, Lucas thank you for the food now you should take your fill of blood before the mission as will we, meet us at the front gate leading to the surface world in one hour. Ked demanded interrupting the others.
With pride my lord and please forgive me I did not mean to cause dissection among you. Lucas bowed.
Our problems are not of your doing Lucas and it was unwise and un-leader like to argue in front of you for that I apologize. Yann said with a slight bow.
No apologies are needed my lord. Lucas bowed before turning and walking out.
You both should have better control over your tempers in front of our subordinates. Ked chided.
Who cares what they think I am tired of the problem trusting you Yann. Dorn decided shooting to his feet.
So what do you suggest Dorn? Yann questioned calmly rising to his feet and facing him.
Both of us have been in your position Yann when we first took power here and we had doubts so I understand how you must be feeling, but now is a pivotal moment in our plans we cant afford those types of emotions bubbling to the surface. Dorn said throwing his hands in the air with frustration.
I am not like you or Ked my friend. I have fully embraced the path we are on and as I stated anyone who gets in the way will be killed no matter the past ties I may have with them. Yann answered. My word on that should be enough but if it is not then tell me what test you would have me do to prove my loyalty. 
After a long pause he nods his head slowly. Your word is enough brother.
Good I will prove to you that my loyalty is where it should be I assure you. He smiled. Now let us feed and gain our strength for the coming battle with the Spirit King.
We were not going to face him in the battle merely spectate is that not still the plan? Ked asked.
Not any longer during the battle I will engage him myself and I will defeat him, if I do not then I will perish but either way you will have proof of my loyalty. Yann states heading to the door with the others following.
Sacrificing yourself is not the answer Dorn already agreed that your word is enough. Ked pointed out.
But we all know that Dorn is lying. Yann answered. Isnt that correct Dorn?
It is but I never meant for you to go on a suicide mission to prove anything.
This has to be done, there is enough enemies vying to kill us and assume power if we cant trust each other this conquest of ours will never succeed. Yann snapped. It is decided this course is the one I am taking. He finished obviously done with the conversation as he jumped off of the balcony flying towards the human pens in the middle of the city.
He will die doing this or is that what you were hoping for? Ked frowned forcing Dorn to look at him.
What are you implying? Dorn asked clearly offended by the comment.
I am not implying anything other then what the obvious is pointing to. 
And what would that be in your opinion? He questioned standing face to face with him.
Ever since Yann took over here you have been butting heads with him pushing him in little ways and insinuating that he is not loyal, by all rights the evidence points to you working towards this end, am I wrong? Ked said staring back at him evenly.
I can see why you would come to that assumption but it is in no way correct, I love Yann like a brother the same way I have since we the days when we were young. What I said earlier is my only motivation. Dorn answered pushing him backwards to get him out of his face.
 Then there is no reason for you to be upset and unlike you I will actually take you at your word just mind what you say just as we dont need any weaknesses in the leadership right now neither do we need division. Ked said jumping off the balcony himself.

Chapter 11

I told you for the last time I dont even know if hes here but when he does come home Ill tell him you came by all stalker style! Yelled Mace right outside the front door as Lydia closed it behind her.
Trouble in paradise? Belac asked as they walked towards the door.
A concerned look crossed Calebs face as he sped up. Nobody ever comes around here, no one just drops by, heck no one really even knows where we live exactly.
And it would have stayed that way if you two morons would have been more careful! Lydia yelled before stifling her own voice with a glance back at the front door. If you two idiotic twits wouldnt have screwed up and been seen by a norm
Regular human. Caleb interprets for Belac. We call them norms.
Yes, now if I can continueas I was saying, if you two hadnt gone for a nice flight in front of someone we wouldnt be in this mess. Lydia snapped.
So I take it you know that Belac here is one of us. Caleb sighed.
Yeah I kind of figured that when that human outside insisted that she saw the two of you change into birds and fly away using spirits from the freaking ground! She huffed pushing past them. Now because of that she decided to follow us here and is demanding to talk to you.
Who? Who saw us? Demanded Caleb.
Grace you moron!
Caleb went pale and felt sick at the thought of all the things that could go wrong now that someone knew about their powers. I have to talk with her.
And say what exactly? Lydia demanded. It was all a bad dream?
Ill figure it out. Caleb said stomping toward the door.
What about me? Belac asked.
Stay here with Lydia. He answered over his shoulder.
Looking at the pissed off expression on Lydias face Belac frowns. Joy.
Whatever Im nobodys babysitter. She said walking towards the kitchen.
Is this how families are supposed to work? He hollered after them both.
Ignoring the question they both separated, heading in different directions.
Flinging the door open Caleb charges outside to find Grace struggling against Mace who is holding her hands at her sides. What the hell is going on here? Caleb runs over to the two of them pulling them apart.
Stalker girl here has lost it talking about spirits and shape shifting not to mention the full blown stalker syndrome following us home so she could get at you and then to top off the crazy she attacked me when I wouldnt let her in! Mace yelled while pointing at her.
Stop trying to make me think that Im crazy I know what I saw! Grace yelled.
Cut it out both of you! Caleb shouted. Mace give us a minute I need to talk with Grace alone.
Fine. He snapped heading to the house. Oh and Id watch it with her shes a biter. Mace said holding up his hand.
You bit him? Caleb said turning back to look at her. What are you an animal?
No Im human, Im just a special kind of human thats all.
Im sure thats what every monster says. She fumed.
If youre another bigoted human that has already decided that I am a monster you can leave now and make sure never to come back, I dont need to be insulted or called names by someone that is so short sighted they cant see past appearances and before you start with the usual threats of how you will run off and expose me to whoever let me tell you to go ahead and do it because in the end who would actually believe you? Run to the news stations or the police and tell them how two teenage kids turned into birds and flew away, they might come and check us out but theyll find nothing out of the ordinary and thats when you will be hauled off to a nut house, so that being said goodbye, good luck and have fun in the insane asylum. Caleb said turning back towards the house.
Caleb wait. She said with her shoulders dropping along with her will to argue. ImIm sorry, Im not a bigot I didnt mean for it to come off like that.
Of course you did other wise you wouldnt have said it, I have never understood why people say things like I didnt mean that, during an argument or when someone is mad people want to say something, anything that will hurt the other person. I know that whenever I have argued with someone I knew exactly what to say in order to hurt the person and keep the argument going Im sure you are no different. He said turning back to her. Why are you here really Grace?
Idid you know that I have had a huge crash on you for a long time? She said surprising him.
No. He answered unsure what else to say.
For all yourgifts, perception isnt one of them is it? She frowned. I wish that you could know how it feels to want someone so bad and them not even notice that you are alive.
Dont be ridiculous youre one of my best friends, we hang out at school and talk all the time of course I notice youre alive.
Not the same way I notice you though, after all you said it yourself we hang out at school this is the first time I have ever even seen your house.  She sighed growing more upset.
Maybe you should come inside we have a lot to talk about. Caleb decided against his better judgment. 
The two of them walked into the house receiving stunned looks from the others except for Belac who was beaming at the turn of events.
Is crazy infectious? It must be because otherwise why would you bring a norm into our house. Lydia snapped. No offense Grace but you being here puts all of us in danger. 
I dont see how, Im harmless, I dont even eat meat. Grace reasoned.
The mere fact that you know of us and have seen the things we can do makes you a target and there are far more creatures under our protection than we can risk. Mace explained calmly.
I would never betray Caleb or the rest of you. She said firmly and Caleb could tell that she meant it.
I believe her. Caleb said. And whether or not any one here agrees with my decision I have let Grace into this house and I will explain everything to her and trust her.
I agree with you. Belac smiled.
Okay kiddo youre new you dont even get a vote. Lydia snapped.
Hes a spirit warrior which means hes our family, new or not his vote counts as much as anyones here. Caleb said with a sight growl in his voice. Mace what is your vote?
She has already seen, there is no way around it and anyone that can be an ally I am for it, besides we have all known Grace for years and she has never done anything to make me believe she would betray us. Mace answered with a shrug.
 Fair enough, Lydia? Caleb questions.
Its not personal, Mace is right she has never betrayed us or hurt us in anyway but I still think it is a bad idea, so I am against filling her in. She answered. But what does it matter Mace has already voted in favor so has whatever his name is, thats two against one. She finished walking out of the kitchen where they were talking.
The name is Belac.
Lydia turned around quickly staring at him and then Caleb. Belac? Thats a real funny joke you two when you want to actually tell me your real name Ill be around.
What the hell did she mean by that? Belac asked.
Who knows maybe its that time of the month or something she acts weird when it goes down. Mace shrugged.
Well ask her about it later right now lets sit down and have a talk. Caleb sighed watching her stomp off.
No thanks you crazy kids have fun but Ive got some training to do. Mace said getting up from the table.
Ill come with you, I need to learn how you guys fight. Belac said standing up as well.
It would be better if you stayed, there will be plenty of time to train later but for now you need to hear where we come from start to finish. Caleb suggested.
Great a history lesson and here I thought we got out of school for the day. Belac frowned sitting back down.
Enjoy. Mace laughed running out of the room before Caleb could find an excuse for him to stay.
Thank you for trusting me. Grace whispered.
It is the least I could do, I owe you that much. He answered.
You dont owe me anything. She said. Mace is right I have been acting like a stalker.
Well talk about our feelings later Grace, I think its something we both need to do. He sighed holding her hand for a moment. But let me tell you about our family and who we are.
Im all ears.
At the tower of Babel the humans tried reaching heaven using the nephilim, looking down at them from on high God knew that they would never give up on the impossible task they had chosen and he felt both pride and fear for them because he knew eventually they would begin to die during the venture and then turn on one another. So, he separated the people by race and language so they would go their separate ways and at the same time placed some on the different continents of the world. Each race had warriors that could defend against the forces of evil. You see when he scattered the people he also scattered the many creatures that walked the Earth as well. Caleb began.
 Where did all the elves, werewolves, vampires and everything else come from though? Questioned Belac.
Some of the creatures were created before man by god, others were humans twisted after the fall of Adam and Eve by the devil giving birth to new species. Caleb answered.
So most everything started out as humans? Questioned Grace a little confused.
Things like vampires and werewolves, demons and so on did, but elves and dwarves were made before humans along with a great deal of other stuff but to get back to the story, the people he put on the north and south American continents were the spirit warriors. Native American people born with the ability to communicate, control and merge with any and all spirits. Caleb continued.
Belac started laughing out loud. Yeah because we both look Indian instead of white. 
Theres a reason for that if you could shut up for a minute. Caleb frowned.
You see originally the Spirit Warriors were undefeatable so powerful they could reach back to the very beginning of the world drawing on the spirits of everything that had died from dinosaurs to plant life but as the years went on the legions of darkness grew the Spirit Warriors were killed one by one and as the numbers dwindled the Spirit Warriors began to despair. The clans true to the light flocked to the few places left where our people had gathered to keep strength in numbers and that is when the Spirit King came into being. The barriers of protection were formed and yet our people still were killed one at a time because the evil ones knew to find the Native Americans, so they made a choice and mated with non-native Americans to conceal themselves and their families from enemies until the barriers were strong enough to repel and expel any dark clan members. Unfortunately by doing that they weakened all the members so much that the new warriors couldnt call any spirits that died more than a hundred years before they were born. That took place nearly three hundred years ago since that time no spirit warrior has been at full strength until the other night I did the impossible and reach back to the age of the dinosaurs. Caleb finished taking a deep breath.
How were you able to do that? Grace asked.
Im not sure as far as I know I am no different than any other warrior. He answered with a frown.
There has to be something. Belac added.
Well our four families ancestors came here a hundred years ago and protected the town of Passion Falls along with the ten clans of light creatures that live in the area, the barrier was set up and encircles the town and the people in a hundred mile radius. Caleb answered.
Four families? But there are only three of you.  Grace pointed out.
There were only three of us now there are four. He said looking at Belac.
You think Im from the fourth family? Belac questioned suddenly more interested than he had been.
Its a definite possibility. Caleb said. The fourth family left around the same time I was born in the hope of creating another barrier north of here but they never made it, you could have been stashed away before they died.
That would be a mistaken thought, that is if you guys arent lying about the new kids name. Lydia said appearing in the doorway.
We arent lying and what is your point? Caleb demanded angry at being interrupted.
Apparently you dont remember everything about our people, for instants when a family has twins they name them in a very specific way. Thats why I thought you two were playing a joke on us but you really dont know do you? She smiled.
Specific in what way? Belac asked intently.
Spell your names backwards, Caleb and Belac are your names revised as is the tradition, everything points to the fact that you two are twin brothers.

Chapter 12

Lucas was loving life for the moment, the foolish leaders had given him the perfect opportunity to prove that he deserved to rule over them, with his new found power and the ability to cross the barrier he would prove to the powers they made a mistake by overlooking him, this added perfectly to the plans he already had in motion all that was left now was execution.
Walking through the corridor the rumors flowed through city in the distance just barely reaching his ears, the creatures spoke of how Lucas was the new favorite of the leaders and had been granted amazing power, they whispered that he would be the instrument used to end the war.
He smiled because he knew it was true, the end of the clans of light was coming to pass and he would be hailed as the one responsible.
Lucas! A voice yelled as a beautiful woman with pointed ears ran to catch up with him.
He smiled knowing that Heather was eager to talk with him because he was a big fish again, she had always tried to sleep her way to the top. 
Facing her Lucas gasped for a second having forgotten just how beautiful she was, Heather stood at five foot eight with fire red hair that moved slightly as if a breeze constantly flowed through it. Her purple colored eyes were wide like they couldnt see enough of everything but at the same time drew you in inviting you to get lost in them. Her lips were cherry red and full, pulling you towards them with thoughts of lust the same held true for her beautifully body that was a perfect hour glass shown off by her tight half shirt showing off her belly button ring and her camouflage pants showed off every curve.  
Masking his desire for her Lucas gave her an eye roll instead. What do you want Heather?
I was just wondering if the rumors were true? She smiled drawing him in even further.
Closing his eyes for a moment to shake off the allure Lucas forced himself to remember that she was a succubus and what he was feeling wasnt real. In his opinion the succubus and incubus creatures were among the most dangerous, they had the ability to instantly draw in any other creature much like the sirens of old in minutes they could have you thinking you were totally in love and would do anything for them. They would draw you in and then once you were all goo-goo eyed they would suck every bit of energy/soul out of you.
Turning to walk away Lucas answered. What rumor?
You know which one handsome, the rumor that everyone is talking about where you are going to breach the barrier and end the war once and for all! She urged following him.
Its true. He smiled speeding up after noticing the time. 
Wow so when is this going down? She pressed.
In less than an hour. He said. but if you want more information or want to see it first hand why dont you just go and talk to the leaders they are rounding up the bravest warriors to attack the barrier at a different point so I may sneak in.
Thats a good idea, I havent even met them yet. She smiled.
Good go bother them, they should be in the center of town. Lucas snapped running ahead and leaving her in the dust.
I believe I will. She smiled running back in the direction they had come.
Heather made a quick stop in her quarters and changed into a pure black skin tight suit further showing off her form. This is my chance to reach the top.
Walking out into the crowd that had gathered for the choosing of the invasion force ready to snag one of the leaders but as the crowd parted and she got her first look at the new leaders a terror gripped her heart and suddenly she felt sick ducking back into the crowd hoping that they hadnt spotted her.
This cant be happening! How did they end up as our leaders? She thought. I have to get the hell out of here before they see me!
Everything was going so well she had finally made a name for herself and with new leaders she was sure that one or all of them would fall for her giving her the final opportunity she needed but instead they were here destroying everything, there was no way she would be able to convince one of them, they knew her too well. If she was even seen by them no doubt they would have her tortured and killed.
Out of breath as she reached her room burying her face in her hands as she began to sob. What do I do now? She said out loud.
Problems mother? A young teenager said entering the room.
Im afraid so, your father is here and has taken one of leader positions. She answered.
How is that possible? The young teenager said looking around the room like they were being watched. You said that he was killed and thats why we came here.
I received word that he had been killed it doesnt make any sense that he would be here but if he sees me here hell find out about you and all will be lost with what we have been trying to accomplish not to mention hell torture and kill me so he will be free to corrupt you. She sighed wiping her tears.
You told me he was a good man. He said sitting next to her.
He was the best man I ever knew, after mytransformation I somewhat lost myself lashing out at everything and everyone so much that I was forced from my home. He didnt judge me or shun me in anyway instead taking me to a small quiet village where the ancient monks of China trained me to take control again of my life and the whole time he was there never giving up on me.
So how is it he is alive and running the clans here bent on destroying them all? He frowned.
Hes not the same man anymore. She answered.
Obviously, but no matter who he has become he is still my father.  The young man frowned walking to the door.
Aden you arent seriously thinking about going to him are you? She said shooting to her feet.
He is my father, what do expect will happen if I revile that we are here? Aden asked.
He will not risk that we are still dead set on the original course, he will take us and either kill us or change us into something like him. 
You dont know that for sure, maybe this is all part of some elaborate trick he is performing to reach the powers. Aden reasoned hesitating at the door.
In your heart you know that is not true my son, he must not find out that we are here everything we have worked towards depends on it remember this is about more then just us we are fighting for your brothers as well. She reminded him.
Brothers that I dont even know. He snapped.
You dont really know your father either, but you do know me Aden and I have never given you any reason not to trust me so follow my lead when it comes to what we are going to do here. She answered getting up and hugging him.
Of course I trust you mother but what do you expect us to do now? He asked holding her tightly.
With these leaders in charge we need to get out of the city as quickly as possible. She answered grabbing a bag and stuffing it with clothes.
Two questions mother, why are we running like someone is hunting us and where the hell are we going? He asked with a frown picking up a duffle bag of his own.
You still have so much to learn my son. She said throwing a knife past him into a wall where a pixy screams in pain as it dies from the knife buried in its stomach. 
We were being watched? He questioned watching the pixy die.
For a few days now the only question is why were we being watched? She asked walking up to the body.
Probably because my father knew it was only a matter of time before you found out he was here and he knew that once you did like a coward you would try to run and hide. He answered hitting her in the back of the head with a club. 
Dazed and crawling towards back of the room Heather begins to cry. When did he turn you against me?
The day he was co-ordinated as head of the three leaders I went to the ceremony and there he was, immediately I went to him but when we were reunited he instead turned on me taking me to the lower chambers for reeducation, since that day I have followed his orders and waited for this day to inevitably come.
Fight their conditioning my son do not fall prey to their will you are stronger then this. She pleaded reaching the far corner of the room.
It is too late for that mother if I am to one day take over here I must do as my father has commanded now come willingly. Aden demanded.
Please Aden dont do this we can still get away together. She pleaded.
To where mother? In thirty minutes Lucas will be crossing the barrier and then its only a matter of time before each of the boundaries fall. He answered slumping his shoulders.
Anywhere we choose just come with me. She answered standing up.
Be realistic you cant even get out of the room much less the city, now stop trying to stall and come with me father is anxious to see you. Aden said taking a step towards her.
Im sorry but I cant Aden, be safe I hope everything works out for you here and remember no matter what I will always love you. She said producing a small orb from her pocket and slamming it into the wall creating a small doorway she jumps into that closes behind her quickly as Aden rushes to reach it.
No! He yells hitting the wall where the portal once was. Damn it, well played mother, but it is only a matter of time before I find you.
Heading out of the room Aden pushes his way past every creature until he enters the throne room where the leaders are talking intently.
Ah Aden, what news do you have for us my son? Yann questioned.
My mother found out you and my uncles were the leaders and attempted to take me with her out of the city. 
And? Where is she now? Yann frowned walking around him.
She escaped into a wall vortex that I didnt know she had. He frowned hanging his head in shame.
Heather always was a crafty and creative little minx most likely she knew that we had turned you from the moment it happened, no matter either way she wont get very far.  Ked smiled.
Indeed, where can she really escape to? Dorn pointed out. In fact why not send Coliapus and his hound to track her down before she gets too far.
Thats an excellent idea Dorn, Aden go to the stables and tell Coliapus to track down your mother and bring her back dead or alive. Yann smiled staring intently at Aden.
Hesitating for a minute Aden eventually bows. As you wish father. 
After he leaves Dorn eyes Yann for a moment before returning to his throne.
What is on your mind Dorn? Yann questioned.
I was surprised you ordered Aden to have your former wife brought back alive or dead instead of just alive quite unlike your former character Id say to force your son to decree a possible death sentence for his own mother.
Former being the key word Dorn, much like you I have the need to test loyalty so do I. Yann answered.
We will see where his loyalty lies now in the meantime Yann your test is at hand, time to go. Dorn smiled.

Chapter 13

Thats absurd Lydia theres no way we could be twins. Caleb said looking more at Belac than at her. My mother died when I was baby and my father never said anything about having a brother.
Because your father was ashamed of what happened Ill bet having sent away your brother. Grace guessed getting drawn into the conversation.
Shut up Grace. Lydia snapped. We dont know what happened back then all we know is that they share a twin trait from our ancestors way of doing things, in the end I could be wrong and they might not be twins at all.
Yeah thats why we look so much alike because we arent related. Belac frowned.
Isnt there someway we could find out for sure? Grace asked.
Theres only one person that could possibly know for sure, we would need to ask the Spirit King he has knowledge of everything that happens within the barrier. Maybe he can remember what happened back then. Lydia pondered out loud.
First things first before we go Id like to know something. Caleb said.
Whats that? Belac asked.
Taking Graces hand Caleb looks at her in the eyes. For a very long time now Grace Ive had feelings for you but I never said anything because I didnt want to pull you into the problems our lives came with, I never wanted to risk you and if I couldnt fully date you then I didnt want to try at all, for me it was all or nothing but now that you know the truth about us I want to know if you will be my girlfriend?
Surprised Grace puts one of her hands to her mouth. Ive wanted to be with you for the longest time Caleb! Id marry you right now if youd let me! She laughed nervously tackling him in a hug.
Wow, is it just me or did she take that a little too far? Belac laughed.
Not really, typically our people are married by sixteen or seventeen. Lydia answered. That still doesnt mean its a good idea.
Really you guys get married that young? Grace said more nervous then she was before.
Yeah, ready to get hitched? Mace said walking into the room.
Ah no. She answered. 
Theyre just teasing you Grace ignore them, lets just work on being boyfriend and girlfriend for now. He smiled. 
Wrapping him in her arms with a deep passionate kiss both of them feel a charge of energy through them making them forget where they are and leaving them a little dizzy from the feeling.
Wow I havent had many kisses in my life but that was something! Grace said holding her head still reeling from the kiss. 
Same here. Caleb smiled in a daze.
Thats wonderful lover boy Im so glad we now have the security risk in our group but if you recall we have a few pressing matters to attend to right now. Lydia frowned.
Maybe you and Mace should actually kiss for once it may do something for you. Caleb snapped annoyed at her.
Looking at Mace. Id rather kiss a lawnmower blade. She rolled her eyes.
Hey hes not the only other guy here my lips could use some attention. Belac said raising his eyebrows.
Theres a pig pen out back knock yourself out slick. She laughed walking towards the door. Now Caleb decide what youre going to do with yourgirlfriend while we speak to the king. Lydia says forcing herself to be polite.
That wasnt funny Belac, keep your eyes and mitts off my fake girlfriend. Mace yawned. Now where are we going? Clearly I missed something.
Yeah, Lydia thinks we are twins so were going to go and ask the Spirit King if its true. Caleb answered.
Of course its true. Laughed Mace. According to the archives you had a twin brother that died at the same time your mother did clearly that was a lie or exaggeration.
You knew about this and never told me. Caleb said getting in his face.
I thought that your dad had told you and you just never wanted to talk about it. Mace shrugged.
Are you kidding me? Im supposed to know everything there is about our people and yet today I find out how twins are named and that I have one. Caleb said sitting in a chair holding his temples.
Wow you really didnt pay attention during our lessons did you? Mace said walking back out of the kitchen. Let me know when were leaving Ill be in my room.
Big day, you find out you have a twin brother, your father lied to you and you have a girlfriend! Congratulations! Belac smiles.
You seem to be taking this well. Grace eyed suspiciously.
When youve been kicked from foster home to foster home with creatures trying to kill you for reasons unknown to you things like this dont really surprise, besides Im just happy I have family and a place to live now.  Belac shrugged. I dont need to know why my mother and father abandoned me frankly Im not sure I want to know I dont think any answer would make me feel better.
Im sorry youve had such a rough life. Grace said empathically.
Its in the past, Ive put it behind me. He shrugged. So are we going to ask the big kahuna or what?
Yeah even if you dont want to know I do, Grace would you mind staying here until we get back? I dont know how the King would take to you being with us. Caleb questioned.
I dont know how I feel about staying here all alone while you guys are gone, I dont think Lydia would like that very much. She answered.
You can wait in my room, theres a TV, dvd player, radio and video game system. He said leading her into the hallway with Belac following them. Belac your room will be right across the hall from mine. He said over his shoulder pointing to the room across from his.
Are you sure you want me to stay here? Questioned Grace looking at his perfectly clean room.
Im sure we have a lot of time to make up for. He smiled.
Well be back before you know it. Belac smiled closing the door after inspecting his fully furnished room.
Ill be waiting. She smiled kissing Caleb one last time before he closed the door.
Belac waited as the two of them finished kissing, afterwards the two of them walked by Maces room pounding on the door with a shout letting him know it was time to go, before they reached the end of the hall Lydia came bounding up the stairs frantic and out of breath.
Weve got problems! She said holding her side.
What is it Lydia? Belac questioned concerned like he had been a part of the family for years.
A force of fifty dark clan members have attacked the barrier trying to get through Im told they are lead by three cloaked figures probably the new leaders weve heard about and they seem intent on trying to destroy the king. A general call to any light clan members that can help and of course to us has gone out. She answered holding her side.
So much for getting any answers today. Caleb said grabbing a staff.
Oh well get some answers itll just be after we beat the hell out of some unwanted visitors. Belac smiled grabbing a sword from the wall.
This isnt like the few losers at school newbie this is battle hardened dark clanners, you make a single mistake and youre dead. Lydia snapped.
Relax on the speeches Lydia hell be fine. Caleb said stepping in between them.
If you say so, hes your brother. You guys want to risk it thats your problem. She huffed walking past them to Maces room. Rise and shine Mace weve got work to do! She said banging on the door.
Geez clam down sweetie Im sure the Spirit King will be there whether or not we hurry. Mace yawned.
Not if hes killed. She said smacking him on the back of the head.
Killed? He questioned rubbing his head.
The barrier is under attack, now lets go. She yelled pushing him towards the stairs.
The barrier is under attack? He repeated grabbing an axe off the wall. Well why didnt you say so?
I did say so, now lets go! She yelled. The battle is on the west end of the barrier. 
Then Belac and I will head to the west end of the barrier. Caleb decided.
Why? Lydia demanded.
The only reason I can see that they would be attacking in force is to draw us there and away from the other side of the barrier. Well fly to the east end and if Im wrong well immediately turn around and join you in the west end fray but Id rather be safe than sorry. Caleb reasoned.
Fine, hurry up and go on your wild goose chase. Lydia said calling the spirit of a hawk to her and flying away. 
For the record, I understand why you are going to check out the west end but I hope you are wrong about the trick. Mace said calling a cheetah spirit to merge with.
Do you really think its a diversion? Belac asked.
Its what I would do if I were them. Caleb pointed out.
But I thought nothing by itself could cross the barrier.
Like I said better safe than sorry and with the barrier getting weaker who knows what could happen. Caleb said calling a spirit to himself and growing wings.
Lead on then Caleb but for the record I hope youre wrong too. Belac said calling up a spirit himself and growing wings.
Together the two of them flew to the east end of the barrier over looking everything as the barrier stretched into the distance, Caleb was about to turn around so they could go join the battle when suddenly a glimmer catches the corner of his vision.
Turning sharply in the air Caleb and Belac land in a nearby tree watching in disbelief as Lucas slowly forces himself through the barrier.
Its not possible! Caleb whispered to Belac. Lucas has never been this strong.
Maybe we should wait until some others can help us then. Belac pointed out.
No, hes the one that killed our father he has to pay for what he did. Caleb said staring in anger.
Then Im with you brother lets have some revenge. Belac said jumping from the limb of the tree ready to plunge his sword into Lucas chest but right before he reaches him Lucas moves with indescribable speed twisting and grabbing Belac by the wrists and slamming him into the floor.
Less than a second later Lucas has the sword at Belac throat looking up at Caleb in the tree. What shall it be Caleb, watch your friend here die or take his place the choice is yours.
Unexpectedly a portal opens in front of Lucas with a familiar woman jumping on him and in seconds draining his energy until he throws her off running into the forest towards Passion Falls.
Are you okay? She asked helping Belac to his feet as Caleb landed next to them. You boys should be more careful.
We can handle ourselves. Belac said dusting himself off. Miss?
Heather, but you two can call me mother seeing as you are my children.

Chapter 14

Yann watched with mixed feelings as his warriors attacked around the barrier trying to get past the forces of light, he stood back with Dorn and Ked watching for a moment before taking off his long black leader robe. The Spirit King was fighting in the middle of the group dispatching creatures with ease.
It is time for me to meet the King on the field of battle. Yann said walking out into the crowd that parted for him.
Lord Jaris the Spirit King hadnt noticed Yann approaching unconcerned at the crowd gathered around him. Intending on ending the battle Jaris called the spirit of a giant mammoth to rampage through the attackers as the light clan members ran back behind the safety of the barrier. Their cheering abruptly came to an end when the spirit of a large Asian elephant appeared meeting the mammoth head on in a hit that destroyed both creatures.
Looking up from the fading energy, Jaris eyes narrow on Yann curling his face into a look of surprise. This is not possible, you were killed.
No Jaris you believed me dead but as you can see I am alive in a manner of speaking. Yann answered walking towards him.
How could you serve the dark clans? Jaris questioned floating to the ground and meeting Yann halfway.
It is who we are now. Yann answered looking away.
We? Questioned Jaris.
Yann didnt answer out loud but instead pointed to the ridge a little ways off where Dorn and Ked step into the light walking towards the two of them.
Youre all alive? Jaris said stunned at the sight of them.
For a long time now Jaris, I am sorry but we are now on opposite side of this conflict. Ked answered. Make things easier on yourself and the light clans, surrender and we promise the clans will be taken in with minimal loss of life. If you do not accept the offer everyone who opposes us will be wiped from the Earth.
What if the warriors chose to oppose you? Do you plan on killing them as well? Questioned Jaris backing away and glowing with energy.
Anyone that stands against us will be killed that includes them. Yann said firmly.
Then you are not the same people we once knew! Lydia said crying as she stepped from behind a tree with Mace who is shaking in anger.
Lydia, we are the same people you once trusted and loved. Ked said stepping forward. Please I am begging you to forget this war and join us, we dont want death we fight for unity.
This whole time you have been alive? She questioned turning her back to him.
What about you Mace? Will you join me? Questioned Dorn.
Holding Lydia for a moment before turning to face the three leaders just outside the barrier, Mace snarls. No, I will not join you, each of you had me, Lydia and Caleb believe that our fathers were dead but the truth was that instead you decided to become traitorous abominations. Congratulations you all succeeded you are dead to us now come and destroy us if you can father.
A ripple shot through the ground at the last word Mace spoke and to his amazement the three leaders that were once their parents were still able to use their powers as spirit warriors calling a whole pack of wolves into existence.
The fact that they could use their old powers even though they had been transformed into vampires caused a problem for them, the spirits were just spirits, neither good or bad, and as such they were not confined to stay on one side of the barrier.
Reacting to the threat Mace and Lydia join hands calling up a pack of panthers draining their energy but buying time for the members of the light clans to retreat, the spirit king called the spirit of an octopus and merged it with himself grabbing the leaders in the tentacles and squeezing them as tight as he could.
Unbeknownst to Jaris they had wanted him to attack them and the moment he touched them they bit into him draining away his power until only a husk was left of the once great King.
Dont do this think of your families. Jaris pleaded looking up at the three of them.
We are thinking of our families and as soon as you have been defeated we will turn them into hybrids like us. Yann said.
Suddenly a giant tail swept across the area above Jaris knocking the three leaders and their warriors backwards, at the same moment a large ape landed right next to Jaris pulling him to his feet and dragging him back behind the barrier to where Lydia and Mace were waiting deep in a chant. The moment he reaches them the ape changes back into the human form of Belac and grabs the others hands trying to mimic and learn the chant the others are saying.
Turning back into a human himself Caleb watches the leaders trembling in fury. Hello father.
Caleb my son, turn away from the foolish venture of protecting these clans no matter what you are doomed to lose. Yann said.
Ive never been one to listen to you father why would I start now? Caleb said backing into the barrier himself. By the way you know Belac my twin brother right?
Belac stopped chanting for a second to flip off Yann. Hey Danny, nice to finally meet you, I just want you to know youre a real disappointment as a father and you can rot in hell.
My name is Yann now son. He growled. So good of you to join us, well have to do something about your foul language and disrespectful attitude.
A little late to be all parental seeing as you left me for dead as a baby. He spat.
That is not true I looked every where for you. Yann said empathically.
You can try to lie to the boy if you want to but I have already told him the truth. Heather said walking out from behind a tree.
Heather my dear you always did have the worst timing, I dont suppose you would consider stepping out of the boundary line so I could snap you in two? Yann asked.
You sweet talker you, wonderful as an offer as that may be Im afraid Ill have to decline, we are a bit busy having a clan to save.
It doesnt matter if you keep us out of here now Heather your fates are sealed.  Ked smiled.
Why because you have empowered Lucas to meet your lackeys that have hidden inside the barrier? Caleb questioned with a grin joining the others in the chant.
A moment later Lucas appears erupting from the ground in the middle of them wrapped in spirits of bugs that are eating him slowly. Barely alive Lucas spits at the four warriors in defiance. 
They are stronger than we thought. Lucas coughed crawling towards the three leaders as his body begins falling apart.
Having stopped our spy means nothing. Dorn sneered stomping on Lucas head destroying it. We will simply make more the barrier weakens.
The barrier will be stronger than it ever has been before, I will sacrifice myself for the greater good of the clans of light. Jaris said stumbling into the middle of the Warriors who were still chanting.
As all the creatures watched Jaris became pure energy flowing equally into the four of them glowing brightly, for a second everything is quiet then an explosion of sound and light flowed from the warriors strengthening the magical barrier so much that dozens of dark clan members that have been hidden in the light clan lands are pulled out the way they were supposed to be.
His sacrifice will be in vain, you four wont be able to keep the barrier strengthened for long. Ked laughed evilly.
They dont have to keep it strong for very long, now that I am here we will find the tunnel of light and you and the rest of your follows will feel its power. Heather smiled.
The tunnel of light is no more. Ked answered we looked for it for years.
It is still in Passion Falls I hid it well and once I lead them to it the war is over and there is nothing you can do about it. She yelled as the dark clan members slowly began to disperse.
This war is far from over Heather. Yann yelled turning and running off with the others.
They wont give up that easily. Mace said watching them leave.
No and we have less time then I let on, in a couple of days the barrier will be weak enough again for them to begin crossing for a full scale attack, we have until then to find the tunnel of light, in the meantime let us hope that they do not empower another creature to cross before then. Heather warned.

Chapter 15

Grace had waited biting her nails nervously as horrible images of what could be happening to her new boyfriend until she couldnt take it anymore grabbing her jacket she ran out of the house locking the door behind her.
Jumping in her car she tried to push the thoughts out of her had as she peeled out zooming down the road back towards town, she had remembered there was a side road that had been blocked off by a couple of boards that were just thrown in place.
Maybe that road leads to where these light clans are and I can get them to help. She thought not completely thinking clearly because of the worry she was feeling.
The moment she passed the boards on the blocked road it was like she had entered a different world Grace wasnt quite sure why she was able to see the hidden world and for the first time she mused if it was normal for regular people to see this stuff and then forget or if she had spent so much time around the Spirit Warriors that some might have rubbed off on her.
As she drove further into the forest she almost couldnt believe what her eyes told was there, Sprites and Fairies darted around the higher branches of the trees in what looked to Grace like a game. Lost in the magic of the trails the creatures are leaving as they fly back and forth for a second Grace fails to see the massive group of creatures marching towards her car until it was too late and a massive giant slams his fist into front of the hood sending her car flipping into the air where the car lodged in the branches of a tree.
Shaking the stars from her vision Grace struggles to hear the booming voices of the creatures arguing.
Sending a car to try and run us over is low even for you Harken. The giant bellowed slamming a club into the ground so the Earth rumbled throwing another group of creatures she hadnt noticed that had gathered behind her vehicle.
Youre thicker than I first believed if you think I had anything to do with that Linden. The blond haired elf at the front of the group answered.
Staring out of the window as she unbuckled herself Grace began to notice that the Sprites and Fairies werent dancing or playing but instead were fighting hard against one another but were now slowly separating into groups above the two forces.
Like I would believe a lair like you. Linden answered.
I dont really care what the hell you believe ugly now give up the traitor or we will forcibly take her from you. Harken answered.
She is innocent and if you had any goodness left inside of you left we would be allowed to take her to the Spirit Warriors so they could prove it!
The Spirit Warriors cant protect us any longer, the barrier fades and they have become as useless to us as our alliance here. Harken snapped.
Growling as a wave of anger swept over the group with Linden he holds up his hand for them to be silent. Now those sound like the words of a traitor to me, turning your back on the clans of light and the warriors who have fought and died for us.
Its not being a traitor its being smart, I have no desire to join the dark clans or its leaders. I purpose we flee to another clan home where we can add to their numbers and strength us all. He yells for everyone to hear him.
Matching his voice to try and keep the followers he has Linden turns looking at them all while shouting forcefully. A pretty tale but why dont you tell them how we will be attacked by every creature imaginable from the dark clans and during the journey probably more than half of us would be killed not to mention the death of the warriors who have lost most of their family defending us.
Im not saying that the journey wouldnt be dangerous but the warriors can come with us and protect us along the journey besides there are only three of them left at least four of them need to be here to keep the barrier strong. Harken pointed out.
You know during the trip they would sacrifice themselves for us and if the barrier is getting weaker then why did suddenly every traitor get pulled from our home and safe place? It seems to me that the barrier is once again strong. Linden retorted.
Fair assessment but then by your own rationale Lindsey cant be a traitor because as you pointed out all of the traitors were pulled out of the barrier past the boundary line. He smiled believing he had him at last.
She held on to a doorway as the vortex dragged out the dark members the fact that she held on long enough doesnt prove her innocents only her power which makes her all the more dangerous. He growled staring at the elven girl standing right behind the giant.
You will not see reason even when it is slapping you in the face, understand that she will not be going with you.
Times have changed Linden things are not as cut and dry as they once were, traitors have walked among us, they have corrupted good people and we are down to three warriors it is time we took matters into our own hands. Harken answered stomping towards the opposite group again ready to fight.
Grace had finally climbed out of her upside down car and was laying flat hoping to remain unseen forming a plan involving her running in fear as quick as her legs might take her but when she heard this guy talking bad about Caleb and the others reason went right out the window.
Standing defiantly on the car she yelled at the top of her lungs at the two groups surprised at the force in her own voice. You are a coward! Maybe if you and the rest of your precious little light clan members had stood up and fought along side the warriors they would still be alive and the barrier strong, even now they have gone to fight on your behalf risking themselves once again oh and a little bit of information, there isnt just three warriors, Calebs twin brother is alive and even though he is untrained he still went to fight along side the others!
For a second everyone was silent staring at Grace until Lindsey stepped forward. Who the hell are you and why should we care?
Stunned and suddenly feeling very awkward Grace fidgeted a little bit with all the eyes on her. Im Grace, Im Calebs girlfriend.
Another round of silence hit the group for a moment before every creature laughed so loud and hard the ground shook and the her car nearly fell out of the tree.
You? You look like a normal human, what are you another Spirit Warrior? Linden questioned.
NoI am a regular human. She answered shyly.
Instantly the laughter stopped and was replaced by a roar of growls and anger.
Then you are trespassing and are no better than the rest of the scum out there that treat us like we are less than nothing, I dont care who you are screwing you have no say here. Harken hollered. 
At least I got them to stop fighting with each other now all I have to do is survive. She thought. Youre right I dont have a say here, I am just a regular human and I cant tell you what to do. All I wanted to do was state my opinion and tell you that there are four good people out there risking their lives for you right now, shouldnt you give them the courtesy of at least speaking with them on this matter before you make a choice?
The norm has a point. A gremlin shouted appearing next to her on the car. And if Caleb trusts her then so do I.
The crowd looked like it was about to begin shouting again until a seven foot tall man dressed in a black robe appeared in a tuff of black smoke. I believe she has every right to speak here, human or not she is inside the barrier and the humans are under the protection of the warriors as much as we even if they do not know it. By that reasoning she too has a right to speak when it regards all of our survival.
Blackfire I dont agree. Linden said firmly.
I dont care if you or anyone else agrees with me Linden from this point on the girl is under my protection if anyone cares to challenge me in that regard feel free. He smiled rising off the ground as massive bat wings sprung from underneath his coat.
You would fight us to protect a human? Questioned Harken stepping backwards in fear.
I would fight anyone who wishes to be a bully to someone simply because they are different no matter whom they may be. He answered blasting Linden with a light that threw him far into the crowd as he tried to sneak up and attack Blackfire from behind. Any other challengers?
What do you think we should do Blackfire? Stay or flee? Questioned someone from the back.
I dont care what any of you choose, I stand with the warriors just as I always have. The rest of you can do what you please search your owns hearts and see what is there. He said flying up to Grace who backs away fearfully. Have no fear miss I will not hurt you come with me and I will give you safety until the warriors can retrieve you.
Who are you exactly? She questioned inching closer to him.
I am known as Blackfire the last warlock left in the clans of light all of my kind that was here one by one fell victim to the darkness inside them and if I may ask what dear child is your name?
I am Grace can I askhow did you stay? She questioned grabbing her outstretched hand.
Good? He finished for her.
Yes.
Vigilance my dear. He smiled.
What of Lindsey? Harken asked as Blackfire lifted into the air holding Grace.
That is a matter to be settled by the warriors in my opinion, fighting each other is not the answer. He said simply as he soared off over the crowd which slowly dispersed.
Will they listen to your advice? Grace questioned as the wind whistled in her ears.
Perhaps, most of the clan does because I am among the oldest. I have been here since the barrier was first formed. He said calmly.
Thats a long timeyou look great for your age. She answered awkwardly unsure of what to say next. Do you think that girl is actual a traitor?
Only the warriors will know for sure, it doesnt matter what anyone else believes.
How will they know the truth? She wondered out loud.
Since the warriors are one with the spirits of all things they can do what they call a soul search, merging themselves with the persons spirit they can read the truth inside of them whether they wish to know or not. He answered.
They never cease to amaze do they? She smiled thinking about Caleb.
No they dont. He agreed as they descended to a small town with maybe a hundred buildings.
Grace was surprised at the sight of the town she had harbored an image of wood shacks and people farming like something from a story long ago but instead it looked completely modern. There were a couple of department stores and clothing stores, a grocery store marked the beginning of the town and the end of it. The houses were grouped together in a strategic circle for easy defense apparently not convinced they were ever truly safe.
Welcome Grace to the town of Radiance, home of the clans of light look around as while I find the warriors and let them know you are here.

Chapter 16

So what now? Dorn questioned kicking over the table in the throne room.
Relax nothing has changed. Yann answered setting in his chair lacing his fingers.
Are you mad everything has changed! Not only did they stop our spy but they also expelled the rest of the people we had turned to our cause, the damn Spirit King empowered the final warriors that now number four reinforcing them and the barrier! Ked yelled.
So there is one more of our children to turn, so what? In any case they will be turned just as we were and they will see the light. Yann answered allowing an edge to creep into his voice warning the others to watch their tones.
And if they resist? Dorn asked sitting next to him.
Then they will die, nothing must upset our plans. Finally we can end this war once and for all. He answered coolly.
Heather will be a problem. Ked pointed out. She was trained in the old ways and is far more dangerous then they are, if she begins to train them in the fighting arts we will have no choice but to destroy them.
She will not have the chance to train them the barrier will be weak enough for us to cross in a few days that is hardly enough time for her. Yann pointed out.
Either way maybe we should simply decide to destroy them now they will never chose to join us. Dorn said thoughtfully. Besides what if they find the tunnel of light?
If they find that we will not be able to stop them we all know that the tunnel of light can be used once and it will purge all evil and darkness from every one on our side. Dorn stated.
The tunnel of the light was used and destroyed when our children were born you are aware of this, the rumors that it was still in tack is a fairy tale. As for the children I dont expect them to just give themselves to us after all did we not fight the change as well? No, I say we take them by force and change them just as we were. Their deaths should be a last resort only. Yann pointed out as he thought about it.
Yann is right the birth of the children inside of the tunnel is the only reason they are so powerful the fact that Heather later said she found and hid it was merely used to scare our enemies nothing more but with regard to the remaining warriors I agree with you, besides with our numbers they will be overwhelmed quickly, the clans of light are cowards the spies that were expelled from within the boarders admitted there was already talk of leaving. Ked smiled.
With a frown Dorn nodded his head. So be it.
Good now lets send a little something their way to keep them too busy for training. Yann grinned evilly standing and heading to towards the doors.
What did you have in mind? Dorn questioned happily.
How many monsters have we alone killed this week? He posed.
Maybe a hundred. Ked mused.
The let us tap into the power we still have as former spirit warriors and call the spirits of every creature we killed, once we have them together we pour all our power into forging them into one massive spirit and send it against them. Yann decided stunning the others.
No warrior has been powerful enough to combine spirits in hundreds of years to try such a feat would kill us. Ked said stopping his tracks.
No warrior was as powerful as we are and together we can do this, if at any time we begin to feel too drained we will stop and send what ever was accomplished from our efforts. Yann said turning towards them.
We should not even attempt this. Dorn frowned.
When you changed did you lose your courage? Yann yelled placing them both on guard. Did you think we would simply win without any risk? This is war!
The two of them looked at each other for a moment and then back at Yann in shame.
Lead the way. Dorn finally said.
Good let us begin. Yann smiled turning back around.
Together the three of them walked to the middle of the city square and raised their hand in concentration as every creature cleared the streets making it look like a ghost town, for a minute it seemed like nothing was going to happen then all at once two hundred spirits rose in unison struggling and fighting against their wills as one by one they are forced together creating something entirely new and grotesque.
The strain is amazing taxing everything that is in them and before long Ked drops his hands giving up followed closely by Dorn, astonishingly Yann pushes harder as slowly he drains away until he looks like an old man but in the end he succeeds combining every single one of the spirits into a fifty foot tall beast hollowing for blood.
Hobbling and barely alive Yann looks upon their work and smiles. Go and destroy Radiance and any who get in your way save for the four warriors if you meet them in battle defeat them and bring them before us.
The roar of the beast shakes the whole of the world as the spirit evaporates into smoke and floats out of the city towards its goal like a patch of night hoping to swallow the sun.
Yann will you survive? Ked asked lifting him off the ground.
Even if he does not our plans have not changed and to be frank Im not sure that I want him to survive. Dorn smiled stepping in front of Ked.
What? Ked questioned backing away.
Im tried of his treats and his rule. Dorn grinned edging closer and pulling out a knife.
When will it be enough Dorn? Even when we were Spirit Warriors you fought with every decision Yann made where does this intolerable hatred for him come from? Ked asked setting Yann down and placing himself in between the two of them.
Turning his back for a moment Dorn voice dropped to almost a whisper. He stole Heather from me.
Dont be foolish Dorn, I was there through everything, Heather never loved you that way. Often times she confided in me and do you know what she said? Ked said stepping closer to him.
Stop Ked. Dorn said without turning around.
She said she was tired of you hounding her all the time and following her like a little lost puppy! She said she loved you like a brother and a little at a time you destroyed that relationship because you would let this infatuation of yours go! Yelled Ked.
I said shut up! Yelled Dorn spinning around and stabbing Ked in the heart.
Stunned Ked was too weak to fight or even pull out the blade instead in watched in horror as Dorn pulled out his blade and then reached into Keds chest and pulled out his heart. A second later Ked fell to his knees but Dorn wasnt done yet, he spun quickly in a circle slashing with his blade and taking off Keds head. 
Every part of Yann wanted to get up and help but he was barely alive, instead all he could do was try and crawl away. 
With tears stinging his eyes Dorn looked up from Keds body as it turned to dust. This is all your fault! You have always ruined everything in my life! 
Tapping into the reserve of energy he has left Dorn launched himself into the air landing on the middle of Yanns back breaking all of his bones as he leaned down to his ear ignoring his one time friends screams. You have been alive way too long and for most of that time you have been a thorn in my side for the whole time thankfully it ends now. He cackled snapping Yanns neck with the last of his energy.
Hardly awake Dorn smiled limping towards the palace as two guards ran towards him catching him right before Dorn fell. 
What has happened my lord where are Ked and Yann? The ogre asked lifting him.
They are dead. Dorn struggled. They perished as we summoned the giant beast we sent against the light clans.
You look near death as well my lord. The ogre stated carrying Dorn as the troll in front of them scanned the area for threats as they walked towards the palace.
I am Haris, I need to feed. He said meeting his eyes and then looking at the troll in front of them.
Following his gaze the ogre nodded understanding the hidden meaning in his words.
Quietly placing Dorn on the ground Haris lunges forward stabbing the troll through the heart and then lifted him off the ground as the blood flowed out of the limp body, quickly he rushes back to Dorn holding the body over Dorn so the blood drained directly into his mouth.
Rapidly the color returned to Dorns face as he drank the blood greedily.
Getting to his feet Dorn smiled gratefully. Thank you my friend. Dorn said wrapping him in a hug and surprising Haris.
Thank you my lord. Haris says getting over the awkwardness of the moment and hugging Dorn while patting him on the back.
Dorns lip curled up reveling his fangs before he suddenly lunges sinking them deeply into Haris neck and draining him in a matter of seconds.
Dropping the limp body to the ground Dorn smiles. Again thank you Haris that will be all I need from you. He laughs flying towards the palace while scanning the area for more people to feed on.
Behind Dorn back at the sight of the leaders death creatures stare in awe at the charred sight of Keds ashes and the limp body of Yann where a black cloud is forming around him slowly rotting away the clothes on the body in an attempt to reach the skin.
Having drained three more dark clan members Dorn speeds out of the city flying into the forest after the giant they had created reaching him just before the barrier. Stop!
Halting immediately the black cloud turns and reforms with over twenty heads. What is your will master?
Do not try to attack the clans of light, instead hunt down the warriors and kill them all. Dorn demanded.
As you wish. It answered in chorus from each of its mouths before turning into smoke again and crossing into the protected barrier.
There will be only one leader from now on and I will stand no other to challenge me.

Chapter 17

The walk back started off in silence as each of the warriors and Heather thought about everything that had just happened, one at a time the truth hit them that the end of their war was near in one way or another.
Finally the silence was broken by Belac. Okay am I the only one wondering what the hell is going on with misses missing in action here? He said looking at the others. I mean really where the hell have you been this whole time?
Stopping with a thoughtful look on her face Heather stares at him and then Caleb. I am sorry my sons.
Youre sorry? That makes it all better. Caleb snapped.
Before we didnt have time to really talk about where you have been or what happened that you left us both and separated me from the family but now that we have some time I think that we both deserve some answers. Belac added.
Why dont we give you guys some time to talk. Lydia said dragging Mace forward.
Awe but I wanted to hear what happed. He whines as she pulls him forward.
Come on skippy and Ill let you have something special. She smiled.
Really? What? He smiled suddenly eager to follow her.
After about fifty feet of distance Mace got impatient turning to Lydia. So whats my something special?
Quickly she turned grabbing his face and kissing him for the first time for real. Me. She answered afterward.
IahI He stuttered.
Yes?
I thought you hated me. He finally managed.
I dont hate you Mace, in fact Ive thought about dating you for real a long time now. She answered beginning to walk again.
Then why didnt you say anything? Because I have been wanting to date you for a very, very long time. He questioned catching up to her.
Well every time I thought about asking you right then you opened your mouth and made me think twice about dating someone with the maturity level of a two year old. She shrugged.
So what changed? I still act like a two year old.
Well most likely we are about to die so I said what the hell? I want you to know how I feel and if we do survive Im sure that I can whip you in to shape and make a descent boyfriend. She smiled kissing his cheek with a giggle.
Hmm alright. He said with a sudden skip to his step.
Watching the two of them walking into the distance a small smile crossed Calebs face at the sight of Mace and Lydia finally kissing for real. About time. He said turning back to his brother and his mother.
What? Questioned Belac.
Nothing, I fill you in later. Caleb answered. In the meantime mother I think its time you talk.
I believe you are correct but let us walk at the same time. She sighed walking again with both boys falling in line at her sides. When you boys were born it was the happiest days of my life until for the first time ever the barrier was broken by a force of dark clan, all the fathers were away and I was alone, I hid you both in the back of our home locked in a secret room guarded by my trusted friend Elfin. During my fight against the enemy a small group broke off from the main force and hunted for you both, Elfin fought bravely but an incubus managed to steal Belac from the room. She grabbed Caleb from the room and followed the creature out while yelling for me, when I heard what happened I chased the monster until I finally caught him two towns over. We fought one another and during the battle when it looked like I was going to lose I summoned a spirit to carry you far away to the nearest safe family it could find. She said stopping and taking a shaky breath.
Did you lose? Belac whispered.
I did. She said sobbing a bit. By the time your father found me the incubus had already drained me and turned me into a succubus, your father killed the monster and did everything he could to wake me and find you unfortunately I didnt wake up until a week later changed and confused about what had happened I scrambled to find you but the family you had been dropped with was on vacation and I had no way of tracking them, I looked for over a year but never found you. I wanted to rejoin the Spirit Warriors but I had lost my ability to control the spirits so we decided to instead plant me in the dark clans so I could bring them down from within, your father stayed with me allowing everyone else to believe me dead. We even had another child together while working to save us all from the dark ones.
Hold on, we have another sibling? Caleb questioned.
Yes a brother but he has chosen to follow your father, he tried to defeat and capture me but I escaped. So he lost to us. She said crying harder.
Why? Belac asked tearing a bit himself.
He still believes he should be a loyal son to him and feels closer to creature than human I think. She answered.
Where is he now? Pressed Caleb. 
In the city where the dark clans live I assume, he wasnt with your father and uncle at the confrontation earlier. She answered.
What happened to our father and uncles anyway? Belac asked.
From what I heard the three leaders meaning your uncles and father were one time enemies but one by one they were hunted down and captured by Lucas and once he had defeated them the legendary heads of the dark clans called the powers transformed them into hybrid vampires. The hope was that they would be able to gain the powers of the vampires and keep the there original abilities.
Did they succeed? Belac wonders.
I have no idea. She shrugs.
Suddenly all of the warmth is sucked from the air around them and the roar of hundreds of souls shakes the trees around them. Turning quickly the three of them see a freak of unnatural being as the monster forms hissing and biting at the air as if it wanted to eat everything around it.
Frozen in fear for a moment the three of them are saved by the blast of an energy bolt narrowly above their heads slamming the creature backwards twenty feet and dissolving several of its heads. Landing next to the warriors Blackfire stares evilly at the creature as it focused on him with pure hate.
I take it this is not a creation of yours. Blackfire says without looking at the warriors.
No it would appear that the three leaders did retain their abilities as former Spirit Warriors and have increased in power. Caleb says ready to fight as he wraps himself in the spirit of a dragon mixing his form with the creatures. His skin changes color to a emerald green and is hard as rock, his eyes look yellow and reptilian matching his bright wings that sprout from his back along with a spiked tail and cruls of smoke puff from his mouth indicating that he can now blow fire too.
Nice. Belac smiles calling forth a spirit of his own and fully changed into an ankylosaurus.
Likewise. Caleb says with grudging respect. Shall we?
The answer to his question is Belac charging at the creature with Caleb flying above him and blowing fire but the moment they connect with the monster in battle the two heads they destroy the spirits they are using are sucked out of them and added to the creature taking the place of destroyed heads.
Rolling away quickly the two of them get to their feet stunned at what had just happened.
This could be a problem. Caleb said running back to the others with Belac.
Gee you think? He answers looking over their shoulders.
How are we supposed to fight something that just gets stronger when we use our powers? Belac questions as Mace and Lydia run up to join them.
What the hell are we facing? Mace asked out of breath.
A gift from our former parents. Caleb answered.
They shouldnt have. Lydia frowned pulling out a sword.
But they did. Mace smiled kissing her on the cheek. So lets send it back in pieces. He said jumping into the air and changing into a hawk to dive bomb the monster.
Mace wait. Caleb yelled running at the creature while pulling out a long knife.
It was already too late like before the moment he touched the monster his spirit was sucked out of his body and he fell towards the ground with Caleb breaking his fall at the last second and quickly pulling him to his feet so they can retreat.
Luckily for them Blackfire fires several bolt of dark energy covering their escape and destroying more heads again.
It seems like the only one that can actually hurt the damn thing is Blackfire. Lydia sighes.
I wont be able to defeat it on my own, perhaps we should retreat and see if other clan members can help. Blackfire suggested.
No we need to defeat it here and now, I dont want any other light clan members placed in danger. In fact you should return to the town and prepared it encase we fail. Caleb decided.
I will stand with you here my friends. Blackfire smiled remembering just why he loved these people who are so ready to give themselves to protect the clans. Besides, I have information to tell you.
That can wait until we defeat this thing. Heather pointed out gathering several spirits around her.
What are you planning mother? The spirits only add to its power. Belac wonders as the creature begins lumbering towards them.
I never had the chance to train you properly in the way of the ancients but let me begin now, the spirits do not have to be fully combined with us or anything else to control it, watch. She grins sending the spirits into the ground and trees surrounding the monster.
One at a time the spirits move the trees at their base and throws large rocks from the ground at the creature destroying a little of it at a time. Following her example the others join in doing the same thing while Blackfire conjures spells and dark energy to help in the effort, quicker then any of them expected the monster is destroyed a piece at a time until only a large anaconda snake is left that fades into the ground after a few more hits.
That was simpler than I expected it to be. Lydia smiles hugging Mace.
We finally caught a break it was a good thing that you were here with us Heather, what other tricks do you have up your sleeve? Mace smiled as he hugged Lydia back.
Quite a few and dont you worry I will train you guys in all sorts of ways that no one else knows about. She smiled happily. Now my dear Blackfire what news do you bring?
Earlier when the traitors were sucked out of the barrier a girl held on to a door as another was being pulled out, when it was over she had remained but the traitor holding on to her was sucked away but unfortunately because she was being pulled a debate arose as to whether or not the girl was a traitor who managed to stay in or a victim of being dragged by another, the community needs you to use your powers and find the truth for them before it tears the town in half. Also during the argument a girl named Grace who claims to be Calebs girlfriend showed up, the members wanted her thrown out right away but I offered her my protection and let everyone know that she was my guest, I dropped her off in town and then came to find you. He finished.
A girlfriend? Heather smiled with a raised eyebrow looking at Caleb who blushes.
Yeah, Ive kind of always liked her and we officially started dating today actually. He answered unable to meet her eyes.
Thats wonderful son! She smiled as she hugged him. And what about you Belac anyone special in your life?
I just got here but I have been going steady with a video game for a while. He laughed.
Well find someone for you soon enough in the meantime lets get to the town and catch up on all the things that I missed. She smiled.
Lets just summon some spirits and fly there. Mace suggested anxcious to get back for alone time with Lydia.
No its not that far and I want you all to save your strength for the training I will teach you later. Heather answered firmly.
Ill have enough strength for the training later mother but Im sure its a little scary to be in the town all by herself so I should get to Grace now. Caleb pointed out not wanting to delay seeing Grace.
As you wish my son, but dont think Ill go any less easy on you because of it. She decided hugging him again.
Understood. He smiled turning into a bird and flying off.
What about you Blackfire are you going to stay with us for the walk or do you have somewhere that you need to be? Mace questioned.
I could use a walk, besides I want to hear Heathers story. That is if you dont mind telling it to me. He answered looking at her.
Not at all my friend. She smiled for a second before it turned into a frown.
With incredible speed Heather suddenly jumps towards Belac pushing him out of the way right before the anaconda erupts from the ground biting into her side so hard and deep that it rips out a few chucks of meat down to the bone forcing her to scream in pain as it tosses her to the ground ready to strike again, but before it can Blackfire fires a bolt destroying the creature as the others run to Heathers side.
Oh my god. Lydia said holding in the insides of Heathers side as she started coughing blood.
Weve got to get her back to the town so the fairies can heal her. Belac says crying.
Ill never make it there. Heather says.
Dont say that well get you there. Mace assured.
Youre sweet Mace but you are wrong I know that I am dying, now listen when you guys think of your powers think of them as a fluid extension of you that can be thrown or changed in any and all ways. She coughed.
Dont talk mother save your strength.  Belac wept cradling her in his arms.
Im sorry we didnt have more time together Belac, I wish that I could have survived and made up for all the time that we lost.
I am too stubborn to accept that my dear. Blackfire said pulling Belac off and taking her into his arms as a portal opened up.
Wait what are you doing? Belac demanded but it was already too late Blackfire had already stepped into the portal which promptly closed behind him leaving the others wondering where he took Heather.
What the hell was that? Mace demanded as if the others had the answer.
I dont know but we can only hope that he makes it wherever he is trying to go in time. Lydia said thoughtfully looking at Belac who was still sobbing a little.
We need to get back and tell my brother that our mother is possibly dead, I dont know the way to the town Ill follow you guys. Belac said turning into a bird as the others followed suit.

Chapter 18

Dorn was feeling on top of the world after he had killed the others and sent the creature to kill the remaining obstacles until he walked back into his throne room and found Aden sitting in Yanns throne chair with tear stains down his cheeks and a look of rage in his eyes.
Aden He said unable to think for a moment.
Uncle Dorn. He answered rising from the seat.
I take it you heard the devastating news? He said sympathetically.
I heard my father and other uncle are dead but the how and why are some whatconflicted. He said steadily staring at him. Perhaps you could fill in the details after all Im sure that you were there after all none of you ever go anywhere alone.
Of course but first why dont you tell me what happened with Coliapus obviously he failed in his task that is if you indeed sent him in the first place. Dorn hissed walking past Aden.
Of course I sent him in fact he is here to report why it is that he failed. Aden smiled pointing behind him to a shadow covered corner where an elven man walks into the middle of the room limping slightly and holding his arm which is bleeding.
I see. Frowned Dorn. Where is your hell hound Coliapus?
Killed drained to death by Heather my lord, she took us by surprise wounding my leg and arm before turning on my hound and draining it in seconds. Please forgive me my lord I did my best. He answered trying to step back only to be pushed forward by Aden.
You were over confident and underestimated your opponent a fatal mistake that I never make. Dorn smiled. And though you survived your encounter with her you will not survive it with me.
  Before he knew it Aden grabbed Coliapus and threw him to Dorn who immediately sunk his fangs his neck and drained him to death.
What are your plans now nephew? Dorn asked sitting down again.
My plans have not changed uncle I am still a loyal servant. Aden said respectfully.
With a smile Dorn nodded in approval. Excellent, then I need you to fly to the edge of our territory and tell the wild giants who ride the dragons to come and aid us in the final battle.
I thought that the giants had refused to take sides and threatened that anyone crossing the border would be killed. Aden said.
That was the case at one time but since then I have promised them land in return for their help and reluctantly they agreed, do not worry you will be fine just announce yourself the moment you cross the border. He answered calmly.
Hesitantly Aden bowed. If you say so uncle, I will leave right now. He said before turning around to walk out of the double doors.
And Aden. Dorn called staring after him.
Yes uncle? Aden questioned without looking at him.
Dont ever question me again.
Stopping in his tracks Aden turned to face him. As you wish uncle, but one last thing before I go you never got to tell me what happened to my father and other uncle.
Dorns face turned completely ashen for a second before he regained his normal feign of sympathy. We attempted and succeeded I might in creating a massive creature from hundreds of spirits but during the creation it drained your father and uncle to death. I warned him we should not attempt it but even after my protests he was sure that we could survive unfortunately he was wrong, he held on longer then either myself or Ked but at the cost of his life. I barely survived because the guards came out to me and I feed on them.
I seewell then I will do my best to dispel the rumors that they both survived and you murdered them after all I would hate if there was an uprising so close to the day we are going to defeat the light clans. Aden smiled evilly turning and walking out of the room robbing Dorn of the chance to respond.
Walking through the halls half dazed Aden was lost in thought until suddenly someone grabbed by the arm from a dimly lit corridor and pulled him into the a room quickly locking the door behind him.
What did he say? The cloaked man asked intently.
Many things, he denies murdering anyone and has ordered me to go to the edge of the lands and parley with the giants he claims that he has made peace with them and are ready to fight on his side. Answered Aden helping the man into a nearby chair as a fit of coughing overtook him.
A fools errand Aden. His said patting the teenager on his back. He has never made peace with the giants and if you go there surely you will die, now that he has removed the others from his path to leadership he will try to do the same with you.
What should I do then? He asked.
We need to flee the city.
What about our plans to kill him? Aden shook angry at the thought of leaving.
He has already regained his strength and you and I would not be enough to defeat him and inflict the justice he deserves. He said getting shakily to his feet. 
Isnt there anyway to help you gain your strength quicker than this? Aden questioned supporting his weight.
There is a safe way but it is located beyond the boundary in the light clan territory. He answered.
We could never make it to the barrier, the moment we try to leave here together I am sure one of Dorns spies would report it to him and we would be hunted down and killed. Aden sighed.
I agree what you will have to do is leave the city on your own heading towards the giants land, then double back making sure no one follows you and I will meet you at the west end of the light clan barrier. He answered.
There are two things majorly wrong with that plan, one, when you leave the city others will question why you are heading out and they will probably confront and fight you, you are in no shape for that and two, we probably wont be able to get past the barrier when we get there. Aden decided.
Lets just worry about getting to the barrier first, it may not be the best plan we have but it is the only plan we have right now where death is not certain. The man croaked wobbling a bit.
You know what youre doing right now doesnt inspire confidence. Aden frowned.
Never fear Aden we will make it now go before someone gets suspicious. He said hobbling to the door and opening it.
Please be careful I dont want to lose you. Aden said hugging the man then disappearing out of the door.
You too. The man whispered waiting a moment before heading out himself.
Back in the throne room Dorn was so wrapped up in his thoughts that he hadnt even noticed when Tart had came into the room.
My lord you summoned me? Questioned the werewolf startling Dorn.
Yes Tart forgive me I was lost in thought. Dorn smiled. I want you to find Aden he should be leaving the city to head for the giants lands or he may have already left, in any case join him.
As his protector? Huffed Tart clearly unhappy at the thought of babysitting.
No, take another of your clan and join him on the quest when you are far from the city rip him to shreds and feed on his corpse till your hearts delight. He smiled.
With a smile showing his sharp teeth Tart bowed. Thank you my lord I will not fail you.
Do you not need the reason? Dorn laughed.
No my lord I live to serve. He answered.
Good, then from this day forth you will be my captain and keep this mission secret my friend. Dorn smiled.
Truly an honor my lord. He smiled bounding out of the room.
All of the pieces fall into place, now all I need to do is contact the powers and hope that they fall for my ruse. 

Chapter 19

Caleb woke with a start in the soft bed of the inn with a stabbing pain in his stomach like something was wrong but when he scanned the room he couldnt image anything being out of place, Graces nude body was warm to the touch of his skin as she breathed softly still sound asleep. He couldnt believe that he had fallen asleep after they made love having felt like a million years of everything in his life had faded just from being intimate with her.
When he found her in the city he hardly recognized her since the fairies had gotten a hold of her and given her the royal fairy make over. He had always thought she was beautiful but now she looked stunning like the layer of beauty she had was just a shell that had finally been removed reveling the most beautiful butterfly.
Stretching for a second he rubbed the sleep from his eyes looking out of the window looking at the full moon that was high in the night sky and he couldnt help but wonder what his family was thinking. Had they been looking for them or simply assumed that he was spending time with his girlfriend?
As he got up slowly so he wouldnt wake her he thought about the others looking for him, part of him didnt care but another part of him felt bad, he had just gotten back his mother and found out he had a brother but instead of spending time with them he was being a little selfish.
What does it matter Ill see them in the morning anyway besides Ive been in love with Grace for so long its nice to finally be alone with her sharing all of our feelings. He thought.
Planning on sneaking out already? Giggled Grace looking over his naked body. You might want to get some clothes on.
He flushed red crawling back into bed quickly. No just stretching my legs, you no youre the first girl Ive ever been with.
Smiling from ear to ear she took his hand. The same is true for me.
Ive wanted to be with you for so long I cant believe I didnt say anything sooner. He smiled holding her close.
Ive been wondering the same exact thing. She said. Why dont we continue talking while the two of us get something to eat because Im starving is there anything open at night?
Everything is open at night after all half of the clan members here prefer night to day so it will be just as busy out on the streets. He answered slipping out of bed and grabbing their clothes.
Thats awesome, I love this place can we just live here and forget about the outside world? She giggled dressing.
No but we can live at the mansion and with everything thats going on maybe we can just live with the super naturals instead of humans. He answered seriously.
Are you joking? Because even though I was giggling I wasnt. She looked concerned. I dont know why but I feel more comfortable around here then I ever have anywhere else.
No I wasnt joking, look Spirit Warriors dont tend to live a long time and our lives are fraught with danger but if you can stand that I would love to have you by my side. He answered looking into her eyes.
I can handle it if it means being with you, I never want to be apart again. She smiled leaning into a kiss until suddenly Belac burst into the room.
Thank god we found you at last. Belac said.
Ever hear of knocking? Grace snapped thankful she had already finished dressing.
Im sorry but there was no time for that Caleb we have to find Blackfire, after you left the last spirit part we thought was dead from the creature surprise attacked and mom was gravely injured, Blackfire scooped her up and stepped into a portal to get her healed but we have no idea where he took her to.
Wait what? Caleb said suddenly frantic and cursing himself for leaving her side.
You heard right! Now do you have any idea where he would have went? Belac yelled.
Racking his brain for a minute he stares past him out of the window. The only place powerful enough to do healing magic that can pull someone from the jaws of death is the hall of magic where Blackfires people once lived, there they were able to communicate with the phoenix and with their help they could heal anyone and on rare occasions bring someone back to life.
Great thats where they must have gone where is this place? Belac asked eagerly.
At the edge of town five hundred feet below the surface the problem is you can only enter it using magic. Caleb frowned sitting on the bed and placing his head in his hands.
Well find a way. Grace said sitting next to him and rubbing his back.
I dont see how, the only other person I have ever known to have the words to open the portal was my father and I doubt hell be in a sharing mood. Caleb began to sob.
So what then we just wait? Belac frowned pacing the room.
No, I am going to the dark city and I will make my father tell us. Caleb said getting to his feet.
Youd never make it. Belac pointed out.
Hes right Caleb from what you told me that would be suicide, sacrificing yourself wont help your mother. Grace said trembling at the thought of losing him.
What then? Caleb asked.
Maybe we cant get into the city but instead we can draw him out. Belac said thoughtfully.
How? 
We send a spirit to tell him we want to talk about terms for surrender hell show up Im sure, then using moms way of fighting we get him away from the others and make him tell us. Belac explained rubbing his hands together.
I see where your going with this, why dont we tell him three hours from now and that will give us time to set up and ambush? Caleb posed to him.
That sounds good to me lets rally the troops and get ready. Belac said running to the door and stopping for a second. By the way an out of the way hotel room? Nice. He smiled making them both blush.
Do you think this will work. Grace whispered. Couldnt we instead just find that tunnel of light thing and end the war right now rather than put you guys in danger?
No, I have to be there for my mom, just because people have lived doesnt mean that she will. Besides the tunnel of light can only be used once when we find it one person can merge with the tunnel of light and then using the spirits for hundreds of miles the light will flow out of the warrior and change the darkness in everyones hearts making them all light clan creatures but that will effectively destroy the tunnel and its power that is why every clan only uses theirs in the darkest of times. He answered. Plus my mother is the only one who knows where it is she is the one who hid it.
How do you hide a whole tunnel? She questioned scanning her memory for anything she might have seen.
Using the spirits she could have changed into something as small as a ring or necklace or large as a tree or car. He answered.
Great the love of my life is finally with me and our first night together he is going on a suicide mission. She said hitting the pillow.
Having second thoughts about being with me? He asked staring at her intently.
Never. She said forcing a smile. Lets send that message.
Nodding in agreement Caleb concentrates calling the spirit of a bird to him that waits patiently on the arm of a nearby chair while he writes on a scroll of paper.
Attaching the paper to the leg of the bird he looks it in the eye. Fly to the throne room of the dark city and deliver this message to the leaders there. He demands tossing the bird into the night air.
I guess its time we get the others together and get ready for Armageddon. She sighed walking to the door.
No matter what happens Ill do anything to make sure that you will remain safe even if it means my life. He said pulling her close.
Trying to impress me?
Yeah is it working?
If you want to impress me come back alive after all I plan on us being old and gray together. She smiled before kissing him deeply.

Chapter 20

Aden knew it was going to be hard getting to the barrier after leaving the city, he figured that his uncle might send someone to follow him but he hadnt anticipated being joined by Tart and his idiotic lackey Jude for the trip.
Tart and he had a long running hatred of one another, when Aden and his mother had arrived at the city for the first time they fought over the affections of a girl witch who was also knew to the city and although Aden had defeated Tart in the fight she still chose to be with him instead sighting that Aden just wasnt evil enough for her taste.
Allowing his anger to control him for the first time he cursed both of them using his powers as an incubus, he made it so every woman including her would find him repulsive and every male would feel the same for her making them outcasts among the entire city.
It would make sense that Dorn would send him to eliminate Aden, he had told the three leaders the story of his beating Tart so they might give him some respect for thinking creatively in the use of his powers but now it was about to bite him back, quite literally. As they walked Tart kept a few paces ahead explaining that he could protect him better if he could see a threat coming, at the same time Jude walking behind them so he could protect them from enemies that might spring from behind.
Aden knew better he knew they were just setting themselves in perfect positions so they could attack him simultaneously, they were just about out of the city now entering the thick black forest with its gloomy trees and fog that rolled along the ground leading up the path to the surface world, Aden was sure somewhere in between here and the exit to the surface they would attack and kill him or at least they would try.
He scrambled his brain looking for a way out of the mess he was now in but he kept drawing a blank one of them he could maybe take care of but two? One would get to him before he could finish the other then the idea hit him.
Im gonna climb the tree and see how much further we have to go and get some ceiling moss supposedly it can hide our scent from the giants. Aden said climbing the nearest tree without waiting for them to answer.
Fine well wait here and make sure no one sneaks up on you. Tart growled with a low rumble.
The moment Aden was out of ear shot Jude stepped in close to Tart. We should just do it now this is as good a place as any besides Im starving and his flesh smells good. He whispered.
I agree but his heart is mine to eat understood you simpleton? Questioned Tart meeting his eyes.
Why do you always talk down to me like that? Frowned Jude with a slight dog whimper.
Because youre stupid. He answered shoving him backwards.
Youre not stupid Jude and he has no right to treat you the way he does, Ive always liked you much more then him. Offered Aden sitting in a lower branch of the tree just out of their jumping range.
No one asked you. Tart snapped.
 I didnt say anyone did nor do I care. Aden said staring deeply into Judes eyes as he reached out with his powers. You see how he is Jude? He doesnt want anyone defending you because hes afraid you will realize how much better you are than him, in fact that is the whole reason everyone loves you.
Unable to look away from Adens gaze Jude talked like he was in a dream. Everyone loves me?
Yes, the same way you love me right? Aden answered quickly.
Dont listen to him Jude you fool! Get up there and kill him or Ill Started Tart but before he could finish Jude backhands him sending him into a different tree.
Youll what?! Demanded Jude. Youll do nothing to Aden! I love him and he is right you are nothing! I am better than you! He yelled jumping on him as the two of them rolled around clawing and biting one another in a bloody fight.
Smiling Aden watched as slowly Jude got the upper hand with a final clamp around Tarts throat, after a minute of struggling and gurgles Tart finally lies still as Jude rips out his heart and gulps it down before his howl echoes through the forest back to the city making Dorn think that the deed is done.
You will be safe now my love have no fear. Jude said turning back into a human and hugging Aden as he dropped from the tree.
Thank you Jude, I told you that you were better than him. Aden smiled.
Something troubles me and I feel ashamed to even ask but I know you are an incubus how do I know that you are not forcing me to fall in love with you. Jude questions turning away.
Jude do you remember when Tart and I were fighting over that girl? Even though I wanted her I didnt make her fall in love with me, I dont use my powers to force anyone like that. Besides I didnt know Tart was going to try and kill me you guys were sent to protect me, in fact we better hurry we are running behind and my uncle needs the reinforcements. Aden said running off in the direction they were heading before the fight hoping to fool Jude completely.
Quickly Jude catches up and grabs him by the arm and turning him around. You dont understand my love, the new king, your uncle did not want us to protect you he sent us to kill you, my howl was the signal that he wanted to hear so that he would know that you were dead. You are no longer safe in the kingdom without your father Dorn has betrayed you the only choice is to flee.
I cant believe this is happening. Aden said flopping to the ground and shedding fake tears. 
I am sorry Aden but it is not safe here you must go. Urged Jude. Get to safety my love.
It doesnt matter where I go Dorn will hunt me down and find me. Aden said putting power into his words as he looks at Jude. Until he is dead Im never truly safe and we can never be truly happy.
Shaking his head for a moment as he struggled against the power Jude finally smiles as if he has just had a great idea. We were supposed to report back the details of your death to Dorn, I will go back and take him by surprise killing him.
You would do that for us? Aden asked.
I would do anything for you Aden, now run and get to the edge of the wood that is north of here and I will meet you at crows point when I am done. He answered turning back into his werewolf form and running off towards the city.
Excellent that worked out better than I hoped, now dear uncle enjoy the rest of your day. Aden said doubling back around as he headed to the meeting point near the barrier in the hope that his cloaked friend made it already.
Far on the other side of the city a cloaked man tried desperately to hide in the morning shadows cast by the trees on the surface world, he hasnt seen anyone following him, no whisper or hint of an enemy but he knows none the less that someone is on his trail.
Just a little further, please God let me make it. He thought.
And where might you be going at this time of morning sulking about in the shadows of trees? A haggard old witch questioned jumping through the branches above him.
Simply trying to get around the border and check it for Lord Dorn. He answered.
King Dorn sent you? A cripple to spy on the light clans? She questioned skeptically.
Who better to wonder around and get information than a cripple that the kind hearted light clan warriors would take pity on? That is until they smell your foul stench and blow the whole thing. He snapped coughing.
An excellent strategy but I was sent to spy along with many others and you were not among those sent. She answered landing on the ground in front of him.
And does the king often tell you everything he plans witch? He questioned hobbling past her like she didnt matter even though in his heart he worried what would happen if she attacked.
No, but you should watch your tone with me creature after all ally or not accidents happen in the wood. She cackled walking after him as magic formed around her.
Turning with speed she hadnt anticipated the cloak man spins around burying sword in her chest. And you should be careful because you never know who you are challenging.
Back at the castle a bird landed in the throne room on the arm chair of Dorn before turning into a spirit and fading into the ground leaving only the note in its wake.
Plucking the note off the ground Dorn reads it with a smile creeping across his face. How terribly wonderful this is, three hours until the death of the warriors and with them the end of any hope the light clans had.
My lord? One of the giant guards said opening the door.
What is it?
Jude has returned with the report you asked for. He answered.
Send him in and then go rally all of our forces the entire army must be ready within the hour for the final attack on the barrier and the city of light, the five powers will be here shortly to witness the victory make sure we are ready before then. Dorn said sitting back in the main throne.
We are here now Lord Dorn. A voice said from behind the throne as five vampires stepped into the dim light. It was troubling to hear that the other two leaders we assigned here have perished, are you sure that you can be successful without their help?
My lord Gor I am sure. He answered in a bow.
We will not come to your aid in this conflict Dorn. The female named Josten said firmly.
I would never expect you to help, I only wish you here to witness our triumph so I may be considered for the empty throne at your side. He answered.
Should you prove yourself by taking over the region the throne and all of its powers will be yours. She answered.
I will prove to you that nothing escapes my grasp. He answered turning and fling a dagger that buries itself in Judes chest.
Casually the powers watch as the werewolf howls for a moment and then dies.
A masterful throw but what is his crime? Questioned Gor.
I sent Yanns son to parlay with the giants along with two werewolves to protect him, this was one of them, he and his comrade killed my nephew and then were going to use the news to get close and murder me. I had a raven fly follow and report back to me and now my nephew is dead but so are the traitors, my nephew was able to kill one of them before he died.
You are a great tactician Lord Dorn we will have to remember that, you continue to impress us. Josten smiled as the other powers around her turn into bats flying out a nearby window. We will meet you in an hour to march on the barrier until that time we have had a long journey and must feed.
After the powers left Dorn rushed to Judes side finding him barely alive. Tell me you were successful in killing Aden and then Tart and I shall heal you and give you a new place in my paradise.
Tart and Aden are dead my lord. He gasped. Now please my reward.
Here is your reward. Dorn grinned stabbing him in the heart with a silver blade. Now all the loose ends are tied up.

Chapter 21

Together the warriors raced to the barrier so they could get ready for the coming battle they each had the chance to walk away and didnt for better or worse they were in everything together.
Changing out of their animal forms as they reached the boundary line stunned at the sight of a hobbling cloaked man being nearly dragged by a younger man towards the barrier as several creatures are running to catch up to them.
Do we risk helping? Mace asked.
It could be some sort of trap. Belac pointed out.
We cant risk endangering an innocent clan member if it is not, the rest of you wait here while I check it out. Caleb said running out of the barrier and calling spirits to attack the creatures shooting arrows at the duo. Quickly get behind the barrier. He said helping the teenager lift the man as the two of them carry him over the boundary line.    
The attacker arrows bounce off the energy of the barrier harmlessly hitting the floor and stopping the attack short as the pursuers come to a halt.
Five of you against four spirit warriors do you like those odds? Questioned Lydia to the creatures.
Without answering the four creatures scurry off into the forest no doubt to report everything to Dorn.
Are you two alright? Questioned Caleb concerned as he helped the man sit on a nearby rock.
I didnt think that we would get through the barrier. The teenage guy said stunned.
In a second Caleb has him pinned down with the point of his sword over the mans throat. Why? Is there some reason the barrier should have kept you out?
Looking him in the eyes fearlessly he answers. Because I have done many evil things as of late and was not sure the magic would find me worthy to enter.
Caleb get off of your brother, Aden is not threat to you. The man coughed.
My brother? Caleb said stunned backing away from the Aden like he was some disease.
If you really are Aden our brother then I dont know how you got in either because the last I heard you were on the bad guys side and betrayed our mother. Belac said drawing his own sword and advancing.
He was never bad. Aden was simply loyal to his father. The man said getting to his feet.
So what changed? Questioned Mace.
Nothing, Aden is still a loyal son, only now you can all see that things were never truly as they seemed. The man said pulling back his cloak to revel his face, a face they all instantly recognize since it belongs to Yann.
In seconds they have the two men surrounded with weapons drawn.
We are not here to fight you, nor are we your enemy. Yann answered.
Really? Forgive us if we dont believe you uncle. Lydia hissed.
 I wouldnt expect you to Lydia but I am at your mercy here as I am dying. He answered falling to a knee.
You are no longer a vampire. Belac said staring at him. How is that possible?
Its not. Caleb said firmly gripping his sword. There is no spell or potion in the world that can return a person to normal once they have been changed.
So we have all believed but during the summoning of a creature your uncle Dorn attacked and killed Ked and then turned on me, he believed me dead and left to heal his own wounds but after he left Keds spirit left his body and merged with me expelling the vampire spirit in me and healing what wounds he could. I was carried off as food for the many creatures we had wronged but Aden found me and got me to safety. You see we knew the others were watching Aden, Heather and myself we didnt dare risk telling her so we devised a plan to defeat the others and take down the powers, Aden knew about her secret portal and so we put on a show for the others spy so they would believe us fully one of them, during the attack on the barrier it was Aden who warned your mother of Coliapus and it was I who made sure the creature wouldnt kill you guys only capture.
Then you prove your own lies. The creature sent after us tried to kill us and instead nearly killed our mother. Belac said.
What?! Aden and Yann said in unison shooting to their feet.
Thats far enough. Lydia said.
Use your powers and see the truth of my words in my spirit. Yann demanded.
Fine. Caleb said tackling Yann as the others grab a hold of Aden.
A few seconds later Caleb backs away stunned. Hes telling the truth.
Of course he is. Aden said struggling against the others.
He is, that doesnt mean that you are. Lydia said grabbing Adens chest and checking his spirit for the truth as well. Hes clean. Well not clean, but hes not lying about being on his fathers side. Truthfully he doesnt give a care about you two or his mother though; hes all daddys boy just so you know.
So what? He said pulling away from them. My loyalties are my own.
Enough! Coughed Yann. Aden they are your family and they have every right to your protection and love as I do, I will not always be around. Keep that in mind. Now we need to go where is Heather?
Blackfire took her to his home so he could try and heal her. Caleb answered looking at Yann like he didnt even know him.
Good that happens to be the place I need to go if I am going to live long enough to help you defeat Dorn. He said. Take me there and I will get us inside.
We have to hurry if we are going to make it back here before Dorn answers the challenge.  Mace pointed out.
What challenge? Frowned Yann.
We sent a message for you and the others to meet us here to discuss terms of surrender. 
Ours or yours? Yann questioned raising an eyebrow.
We werent specific about that, we had hoped that your arrogance would goad you three into showing up alone. Belac answered.
We might have were I still there but why risk a head to head confrontation with us? Yann wondered.
You were needed to open the door to Blackfires home so we could get to our mother. Caleb said firmly.
I see, I commend you on your bravery but you would not have stood a chance and have even less of one now that Dorn is solely in charge. We had sent word to the powers that the end of the light clans was near, when they showed up Aden and I were going to drug them and kill them while they were weak but now Dorn will bring the full force of the army to your challenge to impress the powers who have probably already arrived. Why dont you we split up for now? Aden, go with Lydia and Mace and raise the entire force of all who might join the army of light for the final conflict, meanwhile I will go with your brothers to Blackfire and heal myself and hopefully find your mother alive and pray that she was not lying about knowing where the tunnel of light is, I fear that is the only way any of us will survive.
Dorn watched the expanse of his army with the powers as it marches slowly out of the chasm toward the barrier. Beautiful.
Indeed, let us hope that not many are lost on this venture. Gor said.
Not many will be, if any at all my lords, you have my word. Dorn answered.
Then perhaps it is time for you to join us. Gor smiled.
What was that my lord? Dorn asked not sure he heard right.
We have had a talk during our feeding time and found that as you are the only one left of the three you have earned the right to join us. Another member named Harn answered.
Together the powers formed a circle around him. You Dorn will now be a power of darkness filling our empty thrown and with it from here on you will have power over all flame.
A wave of magic flows from the powers over Dorn transforming him and binding him to them and his new throne.
After they finish Harn coughs out of breath and drained. And now Dorn it is your turn to share with us.
My lord? He looks quizzically.
The reason we chose you three was so we could gain the spirit powers you have and help the other regions defeat their protectors. Gor explains.
What do I have to do? Dorn says firmly.
Stand in the middle of the circle and we shall do the rest. Gor answers.
Nodding his head Dorn stands in the middle as they again join hands and the powers share in Dorns gifts ripping them from his very soul and separating it equally among them.
After its done all of them feel very tired but ready for the fight a head. Now Dorn we shall go forth and together we shall destroy the clans of light. 

Chapter 22

Yann seemed to be in a much greater hurry than Belac and Caleb as he walked as fast as his injured body would allow while the two brothers trailed a little behind.
What are we doing again? Belac asked Caleb as he stared at their father.
Risking our lives to save two parents who have never really been there for us. Caleb shrugged.
Oh good, that makes total sense.
If anything we need to get to Heather so we can find out if she was lying about knowing where the tunnel of light is at. Caleb pointed out.
Good point, hopefully Heather wasnt lying.
Is it so hard to call her your mother and I your father? Questioned Yann without turning around.
We have given that courtesy when others are around including her but it was simply out of respect Yann not love. Caleb answered.
My name was changed when I became a vampire now that I am returned to my true self once again I am Danny and am I not deserving of the same respect you gave her? He questioned sadly. 
The two of them looked at each other for a moment in silent communication for a moment before Belac answers. Forgive usfather, you too are deserving of respect now that we know the truth.
Thank you. He managed a little choked up. I know I have never been the best father but I promise if we survive this I will make it up to you. 
There is time to talk about such things if we survive father for now lets just get to Blackfires place, I just need to stop in town at the inn to see someone. Caleb sighed.
Someone special in your life these days? He questioned stopping for the first time.
Not that its any of your business but yes. Caleb snapped feeling like a stranger was prying in his life.
Im sorry. He said turning back around as they reached the edge of the city.
Without answering the three of them walked through the near empty town towards the inn.
Surprisingly it seems that most of the town has agreed to fight. Danny noted.
Well need them Im sure. Belac frowned.
Not if mother wasnt lying. Caleb added.
Do you really think she knows where the tunnel is? Belac questioned to Danny.
I have no idea, all four of you children were born at the same time which usually happens in spirit warrior clans, she and your aunts decided you would have the best chance at survival and power if your were born inside of the tunnel which should have drained it of all its power and destroyed it. After the birth was over the tunnel faded away and we all assumed that the tunnel was destroyed but your mother claimed to have a vision later that lead her to the tunnel which had reformed more powerful than ever, the problem was she told it to the whole town during a time of near civil war as a threat so we never knew if she said it to avert a war or if it was true, when I asked her about it later she told me it was true and she had hidden it where no one would ever find it but it was when we were drinking and she joked about it so again who knows? He answered walking up to the inn door.
So you just never asked again? Belac wondered.
After that is when the barrier broke the first time and everything went down hill and we never talked about it again. He sighed. The only way we will know for sure is if she is still alive and can tell us the truth.
No wonder you guys couldnt be good parents for us, you couldnt even talk to each other. Caleb snapped walking past Danny to the stairs.
That was low. Danny muttered following until Belac pushed him aside bounding up the stairs after Caleb.
The truth hurts dad. He said over his shoulder.
Reaching the top of the stairs Belac finds the two lovers lip locked. not to be rude Caleb but we do have the end of our way of life to deal with right now, youll have plenty of time to suck face after we save the world. Nice to see you again sis. He smiled.
Sis? She questioned.
Yeah I figure I might as well get used to calling you that now since Im sure you two crazy kids will get married eventually. He grinned.
Shut up Belac. She smiled playfully. We arent getting married for at least a year so you have plenty of time to get used to it.
Caleb looked at her stunned at the news she agreed they would be getting married.
Noticing his look she laughs. Get used to the idea stud, now that I have you Im not stupid enough to let you go ever! One day I will marry you.
I cant wait. He smiled turning to find his father watching the scene which instantly soured his mood again.
Whos this? She asked.
Our father. Belac answered. As it were.
But I thought your dad was She said stopping short.
An evil creature bent on the destruction of the world? Danny finished for her. Yes well its a very long story and of course the boys here are quite angry with me but I do not blame them, they have every right to be angry but that is a problem for another time. As Belac said we have the world to save right now, in any case it is a pleasure to meet you?
Grace. She answered.
Not the Grace that Caleb has talked about for so long? He smiled.
Has he now? She laughed.
For years. Danny joined in.
Okay thats enough. Caleb said ushering them all back down the stairs. We can catch up later.
Getting to the street Grace looks around stunned at how empty the town is. I heard everyone run out of the inn earlier but I never imagined that the town was almost completely empty, where did everyone go?
To war my dear. The other spirit warriors and the boys brother are preparing for war by now it may have already begun.
Back at the barrier Aden looked at the marching army and wondered if he had chosen the right side, the force amassed by Dorn was easily triple the size of theirs and already over a dozen of their creatures had run scared back to the city. Looking at the faces of his news friends he could tell they were already losing hope but they hid it well, the only reason he even knew how they were feeling was because he was right next to them and being an incubus could feel the emotion rolling off of them.
Dorn stood at the front of the group in a yellow colored robe he had never seen him wear before joined by five other creatures Aden had never seen.
We the powers of the dark clans command you to come forth and pledge yourselves to us forever or die here. Dorn yelled. You have two minutes to decide.
He has become one of the powers? We are beyond screwed. Mace whispered to the others.
We still have the barrier and our new tricks, lets hope that is enough. Lydia answered.
What about this tunnel of light? Aden asked.
We cant afford to assume and therefore fight like it is coming, best if we just fight as if no help is coming. She answered.
Cheerful thought, but I know my father would not abandon us. Aden said firmly.
You mean the way he did your brothers? Mace snapped.
Listen cousin you want my help here watch what you say about my father. He snapped back.
Run away the way he did I dont care. Mace turned facing him.
Enough you two the people with us are scared enough as it is they dont need to hear you two falling apart so put the measuring sticks away and focus. Demanded Lydia shutting them both up.
Your time is up what is your choice? Shouted Dorn.
To their surprise twenty different creatures from their side walk through the barrier to the dark clans dropping to their knees.
What are you doing!? Yelled Aden.
They are making a wise choice to be the example for the rest of you. Gor smiled before instantly wiping them all out with the other powers. Understand there is no surrender and no escape today you and all of your families die.
The cheer and laughs rise from the crowd of dark clan until the branches of a tree grab the powers squeezing and throwing the powers deeper into the forest, without letting the other members recover the three of them rush out of the barrier as Lydia and Mace change into octopus grabbing as many members as they can and throwing them into the barrier that frys them instantly, at the same time Aden sailed into the middle of the group grabbing onto different creatures heads and subverting them to his will right away so they begin fighting their own group.
Stunned for a second the bravery shown by the three of them inspires the rest of their army to attack, rushing out of the barrier in seconds it becomes a full scale war as it goes on whenever someone from the light clans is hurt someone else tries to drag them to the safety of the barrier that is slowly fading already.
For a moment it felt like they had a real chance until out of the corner of his eye Aden notices the powers have returned and are working on bringing down the barrier completely and unfortunately they seem to be succeeding as one of the enemy trolls finally made it through the barrier alive but wounded instead of destroyed.
We have to stop them! Aden yelled to the others.
Noticing what he saw Mace rushes at the powers forgetting his own safety as he leaps through the air as a griffin until out of no where Dorn tackles him mid air slamming him into a tree. Hello son.
My father died a long time ago. Mace growls kicking him off.
Landing a few feet away Dorn smiles pulling the spirit of a lion into himself. I feel the same way but dont worry youll be joining him soon enough.
I cant believe they changed you into this thing. Mace said pulling a lion himself.
They didnt do anything I have always wanted to be more than a babysitter for cry babies, in fact I was the one who got all the other spirit warriors killed proving my loyalty. He laughed. My only regret is that I wasnt able to finish all of you off before I left.
You bastard, Ill enjoy killing you myself. Yelled Mace.
Look around boy your group has already been lost, my powers brethren have already brought down the wall and are now transforming others to our cause. He laughed. In fact it looks like its Lydias turn. He said pointing.
Mace looked to find Lydia and Aden held fast in place as the other powers sunk their fangs into their necks. Noooo! He yelled trying to run getting tackled by several enemies himself.
Opening the entrance to the lair seemed so simple to Danny that it frustrated Caleb, for everything else he was Caleb had to admire how powerful he was. Quickly the four of them descended the stairs to find Blackfire helping Heather to drink some liquid she looked all the way healed from the wound which they were all grateful for different reasons.
Its good to see you again Heather. Danny said startling them both.
Things didnt go quite as we planned but it looks like you found your way back out of the darkness again. She said bitterly without meeting his eyes.
With help. He answered sheepishly.
And our son?
All three are alive and well, Aden is with Mace and Lydia fighting the dark clans, the war has begun our only chance is to get the tunnel of light where is it? He questioned.
What do you mean? She said walking over to them as she hugged the boys who awkwardly hugged her back.
I mean you said that you know where it is, so where have you hidden it? He asked again annoyed.
I understand thatbutwait you really dont know do you? She frowned looking at them. Oh god Im so sorry.
You lied didnt you? Caleb sighed.
I wish I had son because the tunnel of light is standing right next to you and I hope that I am wrong but Im guessing she is the one you fell in love with. She cried.
What? Grace questioned.
Im sorry my dear but you are the tunnel of light.
Thats not possible Im just a regular girl. She giggled thinking it might be some weird joke.
A girl that has never had any parents, I am sorry but it is you my dear, I took the tunnel and changed it into a baby girl and left it at the orphanage and I can prove it, you have a cross shaped birth mark on your right hip bone dont you? It is the mark I gave you so I would always know you when we met if I was unsure.
Pulling down her pants for a second they all look at that birth mark in silence.
Its true? My whole life is a lie? She said sobbing while looking at Caleb.
I dont care where you came from well find another way to defeat the dark clans without the tunnel. He said firmly taking her in his arms.
Im sorry son but there is no other way. Danny said with a frown.
There has to be, you cant just kill someone like that shes our friend. Belac snapped.
She is not really alive it is all trickery and magic. Explained heather.
I dont care! She is real enough for me. Caleb yelled turning on them.
I am sorry Caleb I know this is hard but they are right without the tunnel of light we are all doomed, we need the tunnel of light to survive this war. Blackfire said.
Youll never have a chance to find it. Maces voice said surprising them all.
Mace? Belac questioned.
Not anymore, my name is Cam now that I have embraced the powers. He smiled showing his new fangs.
We all have. Lydia chimed in. There are no light clan members left they have all been changed or killed you are the last come with us or die. 
Im not giving you the choice they must all die, we cant risk that any of them may know where the tunnel is now. Dorn said walking in with the other powers. Aden told me how you tricked us the first time around Danny we wont take that chance again.
You will die trying to kill us. Belac snarled at them.
We wont but perhaps Mace and Lydia will. Gor laughed.
Pushing Grace behind him Caleb pulls out his own sword. Fight their wills you can over come them the same way my father did.
Thats just it Caleb we dont want to. Lydia smiles.
Grace slowly inched her way to Heather. What do I have to do to save Caleb?
What? She whispered.
How do I unleash the tunnel?
You have to die Grace, as you are dying embrace Caleb and the power will follow into him and then shoot out covering miles. She answered.
Will it hurt? She cried. You no what never mind I dont care as long as it will save him.
Then run to him now, I will stab you from behind through the heart and it will unleash. Heather said through her own tears.
Hell never forgive you.
Hell never forgive himself when you die and they take your power and twist it, now go.
Taking everyone by surprise Grace turned running to Caleb and grabbing him from behind. I wont lose the people I love to this curse do it now Heather please!! She yelled.
Without hesitation Heather stabs her through the heart unleashing the power inside her that instantly flows through Caleb blanketing the Earth for miles, healing the wounded left to die, resurrecting others and changing them all into good hearted light clan members including the powers themselves. 
When it was all over Caleb turned in tears grabbing Graces fading body and holding her close to his body. Stay with me Grace please dont leave me.
I had to do this Caleb, I love you and couldnt bare the thought of you turning into something youre not either way I would have lost the man I loved, stay as wonderful as you are and know that I will always love you. She said fading completely.
A week later the town was bigger than it had ever seemed before with a barrier that would have made the ancient spirit warriors jealous, since the members of the powers had been turned good along with the others their strength flowed into the whole of protection keeping them all safer than they had ever been before.
Everything that had happened seemed like little more than a dream to everyone except Caleb who still hadnt recovered from his loss.
Mace and Lydia were planning on getting married next year and Belac was attempting to have a relationship with their parents who had yet to find the words to comfort him.
One day while Caleb was out for a walk alone Belac dropped in on him quite literally as he fell out of a tree returning to his human form from that of a spider monkey. Finally found you.
Belac this is my private time. He answered.
Everyday is your private time since Grace disappeared. He said.
Can you blame me?
Yes, you arent alone in this you have friends and family you know. Belac frowned as Caleb walked away.
I just want to be left alone.
Does that mean that you dont want me around either?
Caleb turned so fast he fell over at the sound of the new voice. How? He said getting up thinking it might all be a dream as he watched Grace grab her mouth stifling a laugh.
Your family and friends. Grace smiled running up and tackling him with a kiss.
With the new added power fromwell the former powers all the people in the town gathered lending their energy and together through the spirit warriors we were able to retrieve the spirit that had formed from Grace being human for so long, it drained us all nearly to the point of death but we managed to get her back and since it was all spirit she now has the power of a spirit warrior. Belac explained as they kissed.
I cant believe thisits more than I could ever have hoped for. Caleb cried holding her so tight he worried that he might hurt her.
Me too, but come on you didnt really think that youd get away from me that easy did you I told you that you are mine forever! She laughed happily. So what do we do now my future husband!
We live happily ever after like the fairytales say. He answered.
You wish, we still have to help the other regions in their battle and a plan is already being formulated so what do you say we go and get in a little mischief. Belac grinned pulling them to their feet.
Lead the way brother, were in.
