
This book is a work of fiction.  Places, events, and situations in this story are purely fictional.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

 Copyright 2013 by Kathleen J. Shields.  All rights reserved. 
Published at Smashwords 

No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission from the author.

Smashwords ISBN:  9781301137664  
ISBN-13: 978-1493508884
ISBN-10: 1493508881



About Her Guarded Desire

Kristen must make a decision
Her Bodyguard or Her Boyfriend

Having thought the danger was over and she could finally move on with her life, Kristen was again swept off her feet by her bodyguard Cody; which left Devin, her boyfriend, as the third wheel.

Being uprooted from their lives, Devin tries to make the best of a dangerous situation while growing increasingly jealous of the second guy.  Cody, the bodyguard tries desperately to keep it professional all while fighting his own inner conflicts and desires to have her back.

The flames of passion ignite as Kristen contemplates whom she wants, yet when the danger arrives, her men need to work together or they all will perish.

Chapter 1

The three story bonfire roared to life as fast as an explosion.  The wood crackled and snapped as it burned. The glow of the vast orange flames filled the sky and illuminated the surrounding area.  The black night sky was now that of a burnt orange as the flames reached for the stars, growing taller and taller.  The heat from the wall of flames was over-powering if you stood too close and yet the sight of this monstrous beast was awe-inspiring.  
The smell of burning wood; hickory, pine and cedar; brought back memories and moments of times long forgotten; of good times and past parties.  The sound of radios and chatter, laughing and talking could have been considered noise to anyone else but tonight, to her, it sounded like fun and friends.  The people were grouped in cliques but everyone was there for a good time, and as the lanky Kristen Rowley snaked her way within and throughout the assortment of youth sharing her presence, she found she could have a good time as well.  If only
Kristen shivered, not from the cool night air, but from a vague feeling of foreboding that tugged at her soul.  She had a haunting feeling that someone was watching her, and not in the good way.  It had been a long time since she felt this way, many years in fact, but the feeling was back and she didn't like it.  Not wanting to allow her imagination the liberty of interrupting her fun, Kristen shook her head.  She brushed those feelings aside and dismissed them as nerves and refocused her attention on her friends.    Drinking casually, making her way around the party and taking in the atmosphere the fire created; she was finally able to disregard her feelings and enjoy herself.  Her best friend Maddie, the constant distraction, was exactly what she needed to bypass her feelings about her soon-to-be ex-boyfriend Devin.  The gossip going around also helped to tantalize her senses away from her own self-involved emotions.  
Sure they had fought this evening, his jealousy always getting the better of him even though she knew in her heart that he was a good guy.  Still, she couldn't stand to be around him when he began acting that way.  He loved her.  She knew this.  When it was just the two of them they could have so much fun together; they could laugh and talk and just be with each other so peacefully... but when you added another person into the mix, especially another male, he turned into a dominant dog who hadn't been neutered.  The over-protectiveness had ceased its endearing charm long ago. 
Tonight, though, the separation had helped. Granted they were at the same party but agreeing in an argumentative manner that time apart would be beneficial, he hung out with the guys and she grouped with her girls.  Eye contact was exchanged throughout the evening, a smile and a smirk, endearing glances and flirty gestures, but he kept his distance. 
Maybe this would work out after all, she thought as she moved onto the next group. 
Devin was knocking back a few beers with his best buddy Nate; shooting the shit and just relaxing.  Nate although eager to be with his girlfriend Maddie knew Kristen needed a break and he knew Devin needed the cooling off period.  Nate may be his best friend, but he knew well of Devin's anger issues and he felt for any woman who would put up with that. 
As the party progressed however, Kristen again got that awkward feeling she was being watched.  With a heavy rock sitting in the pit of her stomach, she glanced around nervously for anything suspicious.  Kristen knew there was no reason to feel like this.  Nothing had happened in her life for many years that would cause her nerves to stand up on end, and yet, here she was. Her chest tightening, anticipation growing, heightened senses aware of something bad about to happen.  Her eyes momentarily fell on Maddie who was in the middle of regaling another girl about her horse Spirit and the blue ribbon barrel race.  Kristen's eyes continued to pan around the area, focusing in on the black-orange figures of people gathered around the field.  Allowing her eyes to condition themselves to what light there was; she found herself focusing in on a figure ten yards away.  Unable to take her eyes off of the dark figure feeling in her soul that he was watching her, she suddenly couldn't move.  Her breathing quickened as panic began to fill her.  Finding only the ability to lift her right arm, she began tapping frantically on Maddie's arm.  
Girl! I nearly dropped my beer.
You see that guy over there?
Looking now, Maddie focused her attention on the still figure and purred, Ooh he's hot.
Who is he?
Don't know.  Can't see him.
Then how do you know he's hot?
Black boots, black hat, tight blue Wranglers and loose white shirt, what more is there to know?
Face?
You're asking for too much girl.
Clothes do not make the man.  Kristen scolded as she rolled her eyes.
Yeah but they help.
Maddie, I'm serious, can you see his face?
Don't need to.  Want me to go get him?
No!  Kristen spoke quickly gripping Maddie's arm.  Now looking at her friend suspiciously, Maddie couldn't help but wonder what was going on.  Just then a couple walked by blocking her view of the man and when they passed, the man was gone.
Where'd he go?
Kristen no wonder Devin's always so jealous.
Looking back at her best friend now, Kristen realized what was happening.  Maddie I'm sorry, I've just had this weird feeling all night.
Yeah well, when I get those feelings I go to my guy.
Wanting nothing more than to explain everything; dropping the subject seemed to be a better choice.  So with a word, Kristen turned the subject back to Spirit and Maddie was again regaling her tale of last weekend's race.
Hours later, in the midst of another group conversation of jokes and gossip, Kristen found herself holding another beer and leaning against a tree listening to the sounds of the night when Devin and his guys walked up to join the conversation.  As per their agreement however, Devin kept his space and this was quite charming to Kristen who was enjoying the flirtation as if they were working their way up to their first date again.  Feeling like tonight was going to have a good ending, she winked and smiled at Devin as he crushed an empty can and was handed another.  
A little later Shawn walked up and noticed Kristen standing there and approached her.  His breath was sour and she could tell he had been drinking more than he should have and even though he slurred his words, he presented himself as having to deliver a special message.
Just thought you should know some guy was asking about you earlier.  
As if hearing a dog whistle, Devin's ears perked up and he walked over to listen to the conversation.
Asking about me?  Who was it?
Don't know.  Never saw him before.
What did he look like?
Dark clothes, dark hat... it was dark.
Maddie rolled her eyes at that.  Just like the hottie you spotted earlier?  
Devin's chest puffed out.  What's going on?
Nothing. Kristen quickly covered not wanting to start anything but Shawn just wanted to be helpful.
Some guy was asking 'bout Kristen. Thought you'd wanna know.
Devin eyed Kristen covetously.  Not liking the glare he was giving her, she was reminded about how much she detested this behavior of his.  Annoyed now, more than concerned, she shrugged her shoulders and walked away.  Crushing his can angrily, he nearly started to walk after her but Nate broke his stride and told him to let it go.
As the bonfire smoldered its way to red-orange embers and the bright orange became a rusty hue, the night began toning down.  The fire's roar became a crackle, the music turned from a high velocity twang to the soft vibrations of romance.  Small groups turned to doubles and shadows became one and as a yawn came upon Kristen she realized she was ready to go home.  
Strolling her way over to him, coming from behind; she reached around his abs and clutched her fingers around his buckle.  Placing her chin on his shoulder, he reached up and touched her cheek with his palm. 
Ready to go?
Just about.
Seeing a couple of guys gather up their beer bottles and coolers, Devin reached into his jean jacket pocket and pulled out the keys to his truck.  Placing them gently into her hand and closing her fingers around them, he turned and kissed her on the lips then pulled away hesitantly. 
Alright, go warm up the truck.  I'll be there in a minute.
As she made her way to the makeshift parking lot, she again felt good about tonight.  Granted there was that moment where Devin became over-protective but she understood it to a point since she too had been nervous about the feeling of someone watching her, of asking about her. 
Finding the pickup was easier than she expected.  The majority of the crowd had already disbursed and the way the remaining vehicles were parked sporadically throughout the field was a visual reminder of how many people had actually been here tonight.  The party had been a huge success.  It was a night she knew she would remember for a very long time.    
Making her way across the darkened field, the night air became quiet.  Shimmering vehicles sparkled in the moonlight, and yet left large amounts of black shadows and dark voids all around her.  Feeling her nerves jump to a heightened state of awareness; she once again felt aware of a presence watching her.  
Not wanting to look around, to allow her emotions the freedom to control her, she quickened her pace.  Still many yards away from the truck, she clutched the keys outward between her fingers, tightening her fists around them to become weapons.  Her heart began to race, her breathing quickened and her hearing began to pick up a sound of brush being crushed under footsteps. 
The visual acuteness of various horror movies popped into her psyche and every scary scene of being followed rushed into her head all at once. Panic flushed her body as her heart began to race.  The feeling of vulnerability and terror filled her entire body like a tidal wave nearly incapacitating her rational acuity.  Realizing she needed to take back control of her own wildly sensitive emotions, she took a deep breath and readied herself.
Spinning around, gazing at the field, at the emptiness, she watched the shadows jump around with the breeze.  Her ears suddenly picked up the distant crackle of the bonfire and it became clear to her the sound she had heard was that of the fire and not of some stranger stalking her.  Accepting this plausible explanation, Kristen exhaled with relief.  Allowing her adrenaline to calm, she once again pressed her emotions back trying to ignore what had to be her own imagination.  Sighing, she continued walking towards the truck, loosening her grip around the keys in an attempt to relieve her anxiety.  
Sure, Kristen had an active imagination.  She was born with it.  The drawback with that active imagination was that it had seen its own share of action in years past and in these days and times she never knew if her senses were imagined or imperil.  As she approached the truck a little less aware of her surroundings, she once again heard the rustling of leaves under foot and although desiring the explanation being that of the bonfire, this time she knew they were too close to be that.  
A panic of fiery fright swept over her body as her heartbeat began to race again.  Spinning on her heels, her sensitivity hampered by the alcohol earlier, the visual awareness of a darkened presence quickly approaching her was all her eyes could absorb before her mouth opened into a scream of terror and the sound reverberated through the field and into the area of the bonfire.


Chapter 2

Hearing the distant shrill of a frightened female's scream Devin dropped his cooler and spoke exactly what his other buddies were thinking; Kristen!  Racing to the parking lot at full speed, he began to fear what he was going to run into.  Not knowing what he would find or if he'd find anything at all, his boots dug into the ground harder; he picked up speed.
With his hand over her mouth, the dark stranger pinned her against the truck attempting to quiet her.  He needed her attention and as she struggled beneath him, screams now muffled but arms and legs flailing, he spoke quick and low, Stop screaming.  Stop fighting me.  Eyes opening wider in fear, the idea of him not wanting her to fight it devastated her.  She panicked.  Her adrenaline kicked in to threat level ten.  Finding the strength to release his sudden grip around her wrists she threw punches at his face.  Dodging her second swing his hat fell from his head and for the first time in what seemed like an eternal moment his face became exposed in the moonlight and their eyes met. 
For a moment she stopped moving and their eyes locked, her fear petrified her expression and although she was ready to let go, she couldn't.  He was just about to speak again when he was tackled from the side and pulled from her body with the force of repelling magnets. 
Having seen her struggle beneath the stranger, his large hand covering her mouth, Devin's anger engulfed his senses.  Approaching the scene with the speed of a racing locomotive; feeling nothing but hate seething from his pores, he tackled the stranger with the full force of his body.  As they tumbled to the ground the fight began and survival was key.  Devin had every intention of killing this man.  This man had every intention of walking away with Kristen.  
As the rest of his friends approached, quick glances confirmed Kristen's safety as she remained pressed against the truck, her face still showing shock; and they then directed their aggression towards the aggressor.  In seeing the stranger take over the fight, and Devin on the bottom end of losing, they each grabbed an arm of the stranger and hauled him off of Devin.  The speed his body was yanked away was enough to throw him for a moment.  With his attention momentarily diverted, Devin regained control of the fight and began his assault on a now confined attacker.  
With both arms held back; the stranger received the brunt of four punches and a kick before he pulled the strength of his shoulders together and unsteadied his restrainers' stature.  Pulling them from their feet; he threw one into Devin and threw a punch at the other beginning to take control of the fight, when Kristen finally gained enough composure to realize what was happening.
Kristen watched as Devin again threw a punch at the stranger who dodged it.  Following along, knowing without a doubt that Devin was going to get hurt as the dark stranger threw another protective swing knocking him backwards; Kristen finally found the strength to do something.  Without thinking about the situation, or how any of this was going to look, Kristen threw herself into the middle of the fight and pressed against the dark stranger pleading for him to stop.  Devin stood in the confusion with fists swinging and threw another harsh punch at the strangers face not quick enough in his wits to realize or even see Kristen now standing directly between his fist and his intended target.  Turning to plead for Devin to stop as well she pressed back into the stranger's chest as Devin's fist neared her face.  Unable to stop himself, unable to comprehend her actions, Devin's fist shot forward.  Eyes pursed closed as she anticipated the oncoming blow; but the stranger blocked Devin's fist, grabbing it firmly within his right palm while carefully yet forcefully pulling Kristen to safety with his left arm.  
The other guys there, ready to continue the fight, hesitated with a woman now standing in the way.  Confusion began to carousel its way around the now forming crowd.  Devin absorbed the scene, his fist still restrained in locked punch mode within the strangers palm.  His girlfriend Kristen, engulfed within the embrace of the strangers bold left arm and suddenly his own left arm retaliated blocking the strangers arm away from his fist so the cool night air could be the invisible barrier they needed for the moment to decipher the situation at length. 
For a long silent moment all parties involved took in the scene of Kristen standing bold within the arms of the stranger who had just attacked her, standing opposite of her own boyfriend who had come to defend her honor and when it hit her, the reality of the scene, she began to falter.
Thanks Kris.  The stranger spoke breaking the silence.  The sound of his rugged voice pierced her ears and memories with a dull knife.  Pushing his arm from her body and stepping away yet being pulled into the arena of Devin she fought her own composure to take control.  As the flood of memories rushed into her head the only thing her body would allow her to do was to throw her own forceful punch at the stranger which knocked him unsteady but not off of his feet.
As he returned his eyes to her glaring gaze, rubbing his chin for the first time since the fight began he smiled knowingly.  Absorbing her fire within his soul he pulled from his own good memories and spoke again with his low rugged voice; It's good to see you too Kris.
It's Kristen!  She growled as she stepped forward to attack but stopped, to you... she added cautiously.
And who the hell are you? Devin spoke quick, trying to mimic that low angry voice but unable to hide his confusion. 
Do you want to tell him or should I?  The stranger smirked as he bent down to pick up his hat and began to dust it off.  Kristen tried to form years worth of story into a few sharp words but found herself tongue-tied instead.  He just stood there, smirking, his granite jaw, chiseled cheekbones and broad shoulders enveloped her.  A playful twinkle in his cobalt blue eyes almost mocking her. She was looking at him, feeling herself being pulled in by his full, provocative lips and she yanked herself from that thought as fast as she could.  He replaced his black felt hat atop his head and tipped it at her causing her to again loose her concentration.
Tell me what? Devin bit before she could think to stop him.
Nothing!  She spun to look at him frightfully, but in seeing his face realized this was not anything she could have prepared for.  Knowing there were others there, friends and acquaintances, and not knowing the slightest of how to explain this situation she found herself overly cautious.  She turned back to face the stranger angrily and from the dark part of her heart she said what she had wanted to say that day so long ago.  Stay the hell away from me!  I don't need you anymore!  Then she clutched Devin's hand in hers and led him out of the crowd directing him to his truck.  Take me home, please.
Wanting answers but wanting her more, Devin opened the truck and helped her in.  Sliding over the bench seat to the passenger side; Kristen watched in her peripheral vision as her stranger made a move towards them and Devin's friends blocked his advance eager to get back to their fight. 
I'll be seeing you Kris.  He spoke as Devin began to climb into the truck but stopped. Assuming those were fighting words or a threat of future trouble, Devin turned to go back after the stranger.  Kristen, however, threw her palm on top of his hand encouraging with her wiles for him to get into the truck.  Please Devin, can we get out of here?
Devin hopped in and slammed the door shut, roaring the engine to life with a flick of his wrist and pulled out of the parking lot throwing dirt and grass behind the wheels.  The crowd moved aside when Devin's buddies turned to finish off the stranger, only to find he was now gone.  Looking at each other curiously as to what had just happened; they shrugged their shoulders and returned to the party and their clean-up efforts. 
Miles down the dark country road the silence in the truck was deafening.  Nervous and in need of air, Kristen rolled down the window and began fiddling with the side mirror.  Devin was over-flowing with questions, his jealousy was taking a backseat to his pride and although he was dying to ask every question at once he didn't know which question to ask first.  Kristen could sense the anxiety.  As she peered through the side mirror looking to see if they were being followed, she could almost hear the gears grinding in Devin's head as he tried to figure out what had happened earlier.  
Every time he got this way, she almost feared him.  Although he had never hit her she always felt he could.  She knew that it angered him more; her distrust of him; but she had been through enough in her life to go for the self-preservation stance before trusting someone unconditionally.  But again, Kristen could sense he was working his way through his questions and she also knew that not one of those questions she'd be able to answer; honestly.  Until this moment, she had never considered they were building a relationship on lies.  Until this moment they weren't.  But things had suddenly changed and Kristen had no idea what was going to happen next.
Who was he?  Do you know him?  The questions finally began.
I can't talk about this now.
Not willing to take no for an answer, Devin demanded.  Damn it Kristen!  You will talk about this! Who the hell was he?
No one! He's no one.
He knew you, he attacked you!
Cody didn't attack me,  
His name is Cody? 
Kristen turned her attention to Devin who was still driving but a bit erratically now.  Slow down.
Out of spite Devin hit the gas pedal harder.  Being thrown back into her seat Kristen began to feel panic envelope her body.  The road was dark and curvy, there were woods on either side, deer and other animals could run out obstructing the road.  This was dangerous behavior and it could cost them both their lives.  Devin, stop!
You don't tell me what to do Kristen!
Devin, please!
I want to know what the hell that was all about and I want to know now!
Devin, stop it!  Kristen was afraid for her life.  Even though the truck was racing down the dirt road at fifty miles per hour she was contemplating jumping out.  Reaching for her seat belt she unlatched it.  In a preservation reaction Devin grabbed the belt and yanked her back against the seat.   
Let me go!
Sit your ass down!  What the hell are you thinking?
Devin you're scaring me!
With his attention split he realized he was going too fast.  He began to lose control of the truck.  He slammed the brakes needing to release his grip on her belt to regain control of the steering wheel which was now turning left while the truck was going right.  Gravity yanked Kristen from the seat and threw her sideways into the dash as Devin grabbed forcefully for her arm to yank her back into the seat.  As the truck did a one-eighty, dust rising up around them and entering through her open window, Devin finally brought the truck to a stop as Kristen hit her head against the back glass.  Startled and stunned Kristen sat motionless for a moment long enough for Devin to grab her and yank her into him.
Let me go!
Are you okay?  He asked in panic, trying unsuccessfully to see if she had hurt herself.
Let me go!  She yelled again, thrashing her arms away from him.  As she reached for the door latch he blocked her reach and pressed his hand on the latch to keep her constrained.  Trying now with both hands to grip the handle he grabbed her wrists and crossed her arms to her chest, then began pulling on her.  In his mind, she was a threat to herself, and he was protecting her.  In her mind he was a threat to her and she was trying to run away.  However, in Cody's mind, skidding to a stop as he approached the scene, she was in danger and, as her bodyguard, he needed to jump into action. 
Yanking the driver side door open and pulling Devin out by his shirt collar, Cody was ready for a fight.  Devins arms were still on Kristen as he was wrenched from the truck, yet his seat belt, still constraining him to the truck plucked him back in a twisted constraining way. Kristen escaped.  Reaching back to release the latch, Devin watched as Kristen threw the passenger side door open and ran out. 
Kristen, wait!  Not knowing what was going on or how he even got out of the truck, he turned as the seat belt retracted to see Cody's fist flying towards his face.  A moment later Devin fell to the ground and Cody looked up to see Kristen running off into the woods.
Crap! He swore under his breath as he began running after her.  
A few moments later Devin awoke.  Taking in the scenery around him it took less than a second to recall what was happening. Kristen! Devin called out not knowing which way she went, yet assuming she ran into the woods as well.  Hearing branches breaking to the north of him he ran like a wild wolf in that direction.  Cody, however, was closing in and he knew Kristen well enough to know she could keep going no matter how long it took.  He trained her well.  When he took over her case, she refused to believe she was in danger.  She was in denial and it took a near-death experience to convince her of it.  Fortunately, whether she wanted to or not he spent those tension-filled months training her and even though she didn't realize it at the time, he had taught her the skills she needed to know, to save herself.  
As Cody raced through the woods like a wild stallion following her trail, not knowing this terrain or whether the threat was out here as well; he worried how tonight was going to turn out.  He knew Kristen was conflicted, he hadn't helped that cause.  He also knew something was going on between her and her boyfriend although it gave him pleasure each time he had been given the opportunity to knock the guy out.  He also could hear that there were others hot on their trail.  Not knowing whether they were friend or foe to Kristen, he knew without a doubt that he had to get to her first.
Devin ran through the woods as fast as he could.  He didn't know what exactly was going on but he felt his presence was necessary.  As the woods began to clear and another field emerged, he spotted Kristen running across it.  As he started to pursue her, he also spotted that Cody guy hot on her trail.    As he made his way down the hill he had an eagle-eye view of the terrain and saw yet another figure dressed all in black emerging from the west of the woods on a motorcycle.  The rumble of its engine brought his entrance to full focus.  Kristen stopped running when she heard him.  Skidding to a stop and nearly falling backwards she dodged the guys reach of her as he drove past her.  Spinning on her knees she began running the opposite direction, focusing on Cody, when the guy on the cycle did a sharp u-turn and wheelied it towards the two of them.  Cody embraced Kristen then rolled her to the left just out of the guys grasp as he sped by a second time.
Realizing that Kristen was definitely in danger and that it wasn't from the guy he expected it to be, Devin began making his way out there unknowing of what he was actually going to do when he got there. Noticing when Cody rolled Kristen to the left he also gave her a nudge to keep running back to the woods; Devin realized Kristen would be nearing him soon.  His first instinct was to take her into his arms.  As she ran at him however, the man on the bike was also in hot pursuit.  Before Devin could even think to say or do anything, Kristen had been swooped up into the other man's arms and was struggling to free herself as he was turning the motorcycle counter clockwise to escape with her.  Trying to constrain her amidst controlling his vehicle proved difficult, a task Devin knew well and when he saw the guy lose his grasp on her and Kristen fell to the ground landing on her side he felt it was almost over.  Cody was quickly making his way to her when she climbed to her feet but she was holding her arm and moving slower than before.  
Spinning her attention towards the sound of the motorcycle, Kristen took in the fact that she was not clear of him yet and turned to run again.  The cycle spun around for one more attempt knowing now his assault would be easier.  Cody realized this as well.  Pulling his gun from its holster he flipped the safety off and began to aim while still racing towards Kristen.  Running, noticing she was limping, he knew this was going to be a difficult encounter.  As the cyclist neared and Kristen crouched holding her arm unable to react with the speed she desired, she felt herself get swooped up into Cody's warm muscular arms and retract as he shot off a bullet towards their attacker.  Banking right and squeezing out more speed the motorcycle assassin sped off into the woods.  
Out of breath yet still on high alert, Cody rolled to his knees, aiming in the direction of the attacker in case he tried to return.  As the moments passed and the motor distanced itself from the area he was finally able to turn his attention to Kristen who was still nursing her arm but not willing to move from Cody's arms.  Looking down at the beautiful woman embraced in his arm, he lowered the gun back to its holster and placed his hand tenderly behind her head then lowered his forehead to her chest to try to collect his breath.  He was tired, spent, out of breath but relieved.  This wasn't the first time he held her, but it had been awhile.  Taking in her scent, he found he could easily return himself back to those days. 
Finally, he raised his head and looked at her, a tear in her eye, You okay? He asked in that deep masculine voice that nearly made her quiver. Looking down at her arm, she felt the pain but knew it wasn't broken.  She wanted to say so much, but all she could get out of her mouth was I missed you.
Devin had been running towards them when he heard and although he still wanted a fight he couldn't bring himself to punch the man who had just saved his girls life, even with the fact that she was currently snuggling in his arms.  Skidding to a stop, he held out his arms and pressed a questioned look on his face as he again was rattled with not knowing which words to say first.  He watched as Cody helped Kristen to her feet and he watched as she leaned against Cody.  Her hand was still protecting her left arm and her face was still looking away from him.  She knew he was here.  She knew he was standing right there and yet she wouldn't look at him.
Cody reached out his hand in friendship to Devin, hoping that a sign of good faith could help begin the conversation civilly; The names Cody.
Unable to meet him half way, Devin couldn't shake the man's hand.  His girlfriend was still standing in this guys arms and he couldn't comprehend what had just happened.  He looked at the man standing before him and struggled with what to do with his arms.  His arms wanted to punch the man.  His hands wanted to shake his hand.  His heart wanted to swipe his girlfriend into his arms and away from this guy.  Instead of becoming physical he decided to become vocal. What the... who the... but he couldn't form sentences.  The questions were coming too quick.  Cody realized and offered a bit.
I know you've got questions... but if we can just get her to safety first
Kristen was listening but couldn't look at anyone.  She was staring at Cody's buckle, breathing in his musky scent, absorbing his loving warmth and hoping that things could go back to being easy.
Kristen remained in Cody's arms as they made their way back through the woods to the vehicles.  Meeting the other guys back there and muting their conversation from her ears, Kristen only wanted to remain in the moment with Cody.  When they arrived back at the road they paused; whose truck was she going to get into?  Devin was hurt when she chose Cody's.  Kristen knew that she had probably hurt Devin's feelings but at the moment, she just wanted to feel safe.  That wasn't a feeling she really ever got from Devin. 
Sitting next to Cody, knowing they were following Devin back to their apartment, Kristen couldn't help but live in the moment. With Cody's arm around her shoulder, Kristen began reminiscing about the day Cody left her life two years ago.  She kept going over his last words in her head, words she could never forget because she thought about them for months after the day he first spoke them. 
-----
We can't do this.  You're safe now.  I'm not needed anymore.
But I need you.
You only think you need me.  It's time for you to move on.
But Cody I love you.  She watched as he fought himself from saying he loved her too.  She could see that he felt the same, she could feel it.  They had become so close.  When he walked away from her she felt her heart break in half.  Cody please don't go.  She cried as he began to walk away and for a moment he stopped.  She could sense that he was struggling, that he wanted to stay with her too but he had his orders.  He had to move onto the next project.  It killed her to realize that she was a project.  She knew it in the back of her head but the time they had spent together couldn't have been all in her head.  She knew they connected.  She stood straight, afraid to show fear.  He was standing three feet away from her, his back to her.  He was tormented.  He wanted to stay - he had to go.  He didn't know what to do.  The threat had been rectified.  Even though he had eaten, breathed and lived Kristen for all of this time he had to end it and it was killing him to know that it was killing her.  
His cell phone rang and he reached for it.  She watched as he took it into his hand and hesitated. She listened as it rang for the second time, then the third, then she watched as he threw it to the ground, turned and went to her.  He pulled her into his arms and kissed her for the first real time.  All of this time he had skirted around his true feelings, for fear of jeopardizing the mission, for fear of putting her in danger.  Now his only fear was losing her forever.  
Kristen remembered that moment so vividly.  Her heart soared; her blood tingled in her veins.  She felt herself flush with every single emotion she had ever felt in her life and every single bit of love she had ever had for this man.  As he took her, for the first time, he gave her everything he had and that evening he lost a part of himself in her.  



Chapter 3

As Kristen lay in bed reminiscing about that special night, she watched the sun slowly rise for this soon-to-be awkward morning.  Last night when the three of them got home, Kristen knew that answers were necessary but she couldn't find the courage to start this conversation.  She worried about what Cody was going to tell her; who was after her, why now?  She knew she'd have to tell Devin something and his jealousy was not anything she wanted to deal with that night.  So even though she was wide awake and pensive, when Cody put the truck in park, she quickly closed her eyes and led him to believe she was asleep. 
Looking into her face, he brushed a strand of hair from her cheek and Kristen felt a flash of emotion shoot through her body.  Though she wanted to smile and do so much more, she kept her eyes closed knowing that Devin would be...
Alright, I'm ready for answers.  Devin barked stomping up to the truck within moments of parking.
Kristen was able to hear Cody shushed him and in a delicate whisper telling him; She's out, we should let her rest.
Kristen could almost see in her mind the frustration on Devin's face, it made her angry.  She never had to deal with these kinds of games with Cody, and she was telling herself this in her mind when she felt him pick her up and cradle her body within his arms and carry her up the stairs into the apartment. The act reminded her of the day they first met and she realized now what a child she had been when she was first presented with this terrible situation.
-----
The night had been cold but she didn't feel it.  Her father was so scared.  She could see the fright in his eyes as he placed his only daughters hands within this strangers care.  He literally placed both of Kristen's hands directly into Cody's hands and closed the mans hands around hers.  He told this man that she meant everything to him, to protect her, to guard her with his life.  That no matter what happened, no matter what was said or done; she was his top priority. 
Kristen didn't realize that night would be the last time she ever saw her father.  She didn't realize that this man he was presenting his daughter to was a good guy.  She didn't know him at all.  All she knew was her father was afraid and this man was taking her away from him.  She fought, she screamed.  As the maid came downstairs with a suitcase packed with Kristen's clothes, Kristen protested.  She wasn't sure why she was being sent away, she thought she had done something wrong.  Her father tried to explain to her that night that it wasn't her fault, it was his fault; that Cody was a good guy and he would care for her.  But all she could think about was that Helga their live-in maid was dressed to leave.  That every light in the house was turned off.  That her father's liquor cabinet was wide open and half of his brandy supply had been thrown against the walls and the other half seemed to be inside of him.  
She was confused and scared herself.  Helga threw Kristen's suitcase in the back of this guys pickup truck and then was told to run and never look back.  This guy then pressed Kristen into his truck and tried to do the seat belt but Kristen pushed him away.  Ready for some big escape Kristen attempted to step out of the truck only to be re-situated into the truck by her own father who connected the seat belt and then slid a necklace over her head.  She sat there stunned and confused.  She tried to plead with her father, not knowing why she was being sent away but certain she could talk her way out of it.  She became terrified when he kissed her on the forehead and then slammed the door shut.
Daddy wait!  I don't understand!  What's going on?
Cody leapt into the drivers side of the truck and turned the ignition over.  Kristen tried to open the door but her father held it closed. Go. Go! He yelled angrily.  Get out of here!  Keep her safe!
Kristen's head was thrown back into the headrest as Cody hit the gas.  The tires peeled rubber as they screeched out of the driveway.  Kristen became suddenly certain that Cody was kidnapping her.  She couldn't explain her fathers actions but she knew without a doubt that her father was not acting like himself.  He would never give her away like this.  Determined for self preservation she turned to Cody and began hitting him.  
Stop the truck! Let me out.
Can't do that ma'am.  
Yes you can! Let me out! I need to be with my father!  She threw punches at him, which fortunately were girl-punches, weak and worthless but annoyances nonetheless.  He was driving and he needed to focus.  With his left hand firmly adhered to the steering wheel, he grabbed one of her wrists as she swung a punch at him.  He held her wrist with his pinky and ring finger enclosed on his palm.  His hands were huge.  She tried to release his grasp but that just gave him the ability to capture her other wrist with his index finger and thumb.  He was literally restraining her with little effort with one hand and continued driving with the other.
Let me go!
I need you to calm down.
You're taking me away from my father.  How am I supposed to calm down?
I know you're upset but I can't have you smacking me while I am trying to drive.
She yanked at her arms trying to regain control but he pressed them down onto the seat next to him and held them there. She yanked and tugged but realized quickly there was no over-powering this man.  
It was over an hour before he released his grip on her.  She had tried to plead with him, appeal to his better judgment, buy him off, promise favors, then she reverted back to anger and frustration.  When she finally gave up he could tell.  Then he let go of her wrists and she drew them back, rubbing them.  
She spoke carefully. What makes you think I won't run?
Because we're over an hour outside of town and not even you'll try walking that in those shoes.  Kristen looked down at her open-toed four-inch-heels and knew he was right.  She sat fuming for a few minutes when he began to slow for a speed-trap.   Kristen suddenly came up with a fool-proof foolish plan.  With her thumb on the seat belt latch and her arm resting on the edge of the door handle she decided she could release the seat belt and open the door fast enough to jump from the truck.  Apparently he had considered this because as she made her move, he reached over, clutched the belt latch in his fist, yanked her back into the seat, swerved the steering wheel right just enough to slam the door shut again and clicked the belt closed without missing a beat.
She realized it was going to take more than a four second plan to escape, and he soon realized she needed some answers before her next plan was a little more thought out. 
Listen Kristen, I know you don't know me.  I know you don't understand what happened back there, but your father loves you.  He did this for you; for your protection.
I don't need protection!
You don't think you need protection but you do.
Cody didn't embellish and surprisingly Kristen didn't ask.  As she sat there absorbing the situation, fuming a little at her foiled attempt at escape.  In the back of her mind, she hoped her father knew what he was doing.  Kristen sat back and peered out the side window at the dark flat desert going by her and wondered silently where on earth they were going.
Before long the monotony of the scene-less scenery put her to sleep.  She had no idea how long they drove.  She was half asleep when he finally stopped and lifted her carefully from the truck and carried her into his house.  Too tired to care and exhausted from worry, she fell back to sleep after he placed her in a bed and closed the door behind him as he left. 
-----
Still pretending to be asleep, Kristen listened as Devin whispered questions to Cody.  She felt as Cody put up one finger and whispered quietly; just hold on a second.  She allowed him to gently place her body on the bed, to lay her head carefully on the pillow, to compassionately tuck her under the covers.  She felt him sit down beside her on the bed and affectionately touch her cheek with his fingers.  How she wanted to open her eyes and accept him, to take him in, but she couldn't, not with Devin standing there, she just didn't want to deal with him.  Finally she felt Cody lift from the bed, pad out the door and close it behind him.  Keeping her eyes closed until she knew she was alone, she listened as she heard the two of them in the other room begin to talk. 
Alright buddy, I've been patient enough.  Who the hell are you and why exactly are you in my home?
We might have gotten off on the wrong foot.  My name is Cody...
Yeah I got that  who are you to her?
That... is complicated.
Well uncomplicate it.
Kristen thought about that word, complicated.  She thought about all of the times Cody had used that word in their relationship.
What happened to my father?
It's complicated.
Why are we out here in the middle of nowhere?
It's complicated.
Why bother teaching me any of this? Isn't that why you're here?
It's complicated.
And months later, as their relationship had grown and flourished into something much more, she asked the question she had been holding onto for so long: Why won't you kiss me when I know you want to?
With a sigh of sadness he once again came back with those two horrible words, It's complicated.
I'm tired of complicated!   Let's uncomplicate things.  I can tell that you care about me.  I can see it in your eyes that you want to do something, so do it.  I need to know where I stand.  I can't keep having these feelings if they aren't going to be accepted.
Kristen I can't.  I can't jeopardize the job.
I'm not a job Cody!  I'm a human being, a human woman with feelings and emotions and I'm about to burst.
Kristen I can't do this!  No matter how much I want to, no matter how much it hurts to tell you no, I have to keep this professional!  It's the only way I can be assured to keep you alive!
They had been together for months now, they had worked through all of their issues, had worked with each other side by side for so long.  The emotions had been building from day one and at this point in their relationship they were about to overflow.  Kristen wanted so desperately to know where they stood.  She had grown to love him, she hadn't expected to do that but she had and what he said in that unconstrained emotional release just now told her everything she needed to know.
No matter how much you want to?
His eyes caught her eyes. He had kept himself emotionally distanced from her for so long.  He refused to allow his own emotions to go that far.  In that one unconfined moment he had left himself exposed.  She approached him carefully, slowly.  He wanted to push her away, to walk away.  He knew in his mind he should but his heart kept him standing there.  She could see it in his eyes, his inner conflict, for the first time she could see his true feelings and they were exactly what she had hoped they were.  Walking in his direction, she could see he wanted to step away, to step back but all he could do was shift a shoulder backwards.  The rest of his body stayed there. She went to him and placed her head on his chest, wrapped her arms around him, massaged them up his muscular back then slowly looked up into his eyes.  
He closed his eyes, almost as if he were ashamed of what he was doing but something couldn't stop him.  His lips parted in protest as hers drew near and as their lips touched for the first time, he finally decided he was going to do this.  He threw his arms around her and pulled her into his chest, kissing her with the passion he had wanted to express for so long.  Fireworks seemed to ignite in her body as he embraced her, as his lips warmed her from head to toe.  The moment that she had longed for, dreamed about was now enthralling her senses.  Feeling the passion against her, his warm body igniting a fire within her even she wasn't aware of.   Ready to give him everything as he clutched the bottom of her shirt within his fists and started to tear it up her torso.  His passion was assertive, it was unconstrained, and yet suddenly he stopped.  Pausing, tense with desire as well as guilt, he pulled from her lips, separated himself from her embrace and quickly left the room.  By the time Kristen opened her eyes he was gone and she was standing there with a desire that would be left unfulfilled. 
She didn't see him that night for dinner although the food was there and as she paced through the house hoping to bump into him even though she wanted it to look like an accident she succumbed to the fact that as long as there was a threat there would be no love between her and Cody.
-----
As she lay there in bed this morning, having not slept much at all last night she realized that Devin had never come back into their room.  Realizing that the two of the men must have stayed up all night, or slept on the couches Kristen wondered how things were going to go this morning.  Once Cody had gotten past some of the harder questions and Devin began to calm down, Kristen was unable to hear much more of their conversation and she was grateful she had decided to play asleep when they arrived home.  However, now she knew as the minutes ticked by; that morning was here and sooner or later she'd have to wake up and face the situation she still was unprepared for.  
Quietly, she opened the door and took in the scene in the living room.  More beer cans strewn across the room, apparently Devin had picked up smoking again.  She couldn't blame him after last night.  She crept out in her robe, feeling as if the more she had on the less threatening the situation would be.  She spotted Devin still asleep on the recliner.  Cody was standing at the window looking out.  When he heard her stir he turned to face her, half smiled, then realized he shouldn't and returned his gaze to the window.
Walking down memory lane in her head last night she enjoyed the journey but there were many paths she didn't pursue.  Those were memories she wanted to avoid  for now.  She walked into the kitchen and started the coffee percolating.  She turned and grabbed two cups and placed them by the pot, then placed both palms on the counter and waited for the coffee to be ready.  Closing her eyes she pulled a memory into her head and immediately felt Cody's hands caress her back and slide around to her front.  In her memory, he pulled himself close to her.  She felt the warmth of his breath as he leaned into her and kissed her on the back of the neck.  She felt the shivers go up her spine and tingle her head as goose bumps formed on her arms and legs.  She felt her body turn to gelatin as she wanted to give herself to him.  Her lips swelled and parted and she could have turned to him at any moment, but alas, it was just her imagination.  
How's your arm?  She heard him ask from across the counter. She opened her eyes.  Still looking at the counter; she collected herself before finding the strength to look at him face to face.  Closing her mouth, licking her lips slowly, she looked up at him, keeping her palms on the counter top she spoke low, Um, it still hurts.
He began to reach across the counter to pull back her robe and take a look at it when he realized he shouldn't.  Stopping in mid-reach as if mentally penalizing himself, he spoke again.  Mind if I take a look?
Looking at him, seeing his own inner conflict and knowing it was exactly the same as hers she wondered again where this was going to go.  Without thinking about anyone else in the room, she slid the robe over her shoulder and exposed her bare arm, bruised heavily.  He reached and touched it so carefully, almost as if his touch had some magical power to heal her and their eyes met again.  His fingers were warm and soft.  She never knew how he could work so hard and yet be so soft but he always was. 
Wanting desperately to forget everything else and live in the moment, their trance was broken by the sound of Devin stretching and inhaling deeply.  Cody drew his arm back quickly and Kristen replaced the robe to her shoulder as if they were about to get caught doing something they shouldnt.  Of course, it was harmless, although in their heads they were elsewhere; in the eyes of the apartment it was innocent.  
The coffee was finally ready and as Devin walked up to the counter he spoke.  All waiting for coffee?
Both parties shook their heads as Kristen realized she only had two cups when she needed three.  She turned to the cabinet to pull out another cup when Devin glanced at the scene before him.  Noticing how their eyes were turned down and away as if they were feeling guilty about something, he realized he had missed something.  Kristen poured the coffee, handed out the cups and everyone took a sip, a long sip.  The silence was once again uncomfortable and Kristen knew that at any moment Devin was going to ask a question she dreaded.  She kept the cup lifted to her lips hoping that as long as it was there the silence would remain, but it didn't. 
I'm gonna take a shower.  Devin announced and then placed his cup back onto the counter and walked into the bedroom.
Kristen stood there conflicted.  Part of her felt that Devin wanted to talk alone, that he was trying, hoping that she would join him in the bedroom so they could figure this thing out.  But the other part of her wanted to stay in the kitchen with Cody.  Just as that thought occurred to her she realized the mixed signals she would inevitably send.  If she stayed out here with Cody instead of joining Devin in the bedroom she would be sending signals to Devin that she wanted to be with Cody.  If she joined Devin in the bedroom that would basically tell Cody she didn't want to be with him, which she hadnt actually decided for or against.  Would Cody wonder about her relationship with Devin if she stayed with him?  Would Devin know he had already lost her if she stayed with Cody?  Would it be telling Cody that he was too late if she joined Devin? What was she supposed to do?  Who was she supposed to follow?  She couldn't decide.  She wasn't ready to announce decisions she hadn't even contemplated.  She began to panic.
Cody saw her inner struggle and knew exactly what he needed to do.  He announced that he needed some fresh air and took his coffee out to the balcony.  Kristen caught his kindness immediately.  She wasn't left alone with Cody in the kitchen.  She didn't have to follow Devin into the bedroom.  And Cody wasn't far enough away from her to be remiss in his duties in case danger arrived.  She took another sip of coffee, placed the cup back onto the counter and then dropped her head with a relieved sigh. 


Chapter 4

When Devin emerged from the bedroom freshly showered and dressed Kristen took the next opportunity.  She knew eventually Cody would need to shower and she would finally be left alone in the same room as Devin to explain all of this so she took an extra long shower.  As she stood there feeling the hot water course down her body she breathed in the steam and let her imagination go again.     
Closing her eyes, she felt him once again come to her.  He wanted to surprise her and that he did, slipping in behind her, he had already slid off his clothes.  She felt his warm hands which suddenly felt cold against the scalding hot water, seductively slide against her skin, up her torso and over her supple breasts.  Pulling her into his arms, he kissed the back of her neck as her head dropped to his shoulders.  He crossed his arms over her, pulling her into him with every ounce of connection he could muster.  His body was as warm as the water, as bold as the wall she steadied herself on.  His hands were so large he could touch so much of her without trying.  She wanted to give everything she had to him, she fantasized about him, and yet when her fantasy went to that awkward place, to the moment she couldn't imagine at such an awkward time in her life, shed open her eyes in disappointment because she realized again, he wasnt really there. 
-----
Since that first kiss that evening Kristen couldn't stop thinking about Cody.  She thought about him everywhere, in every moment.  She wanted so much to feel that desire again.  She wanted so much to feel him and yet she was forced to play this silly cat and mouse game when he was right there.  He was so ashamed, so furious at himself for allowing that single moment of passion to cloud his judgment that he was attempting to play like it had never happened.  He felt that would be easier on her and although she knew it made it easier on himself, it in no way made it easier on her.  Yet she played as if she were okay with it.  That they could go back to their platonic relationship.  That he could just be a bodyguard without the body.
It was in these awkward days, of wonder and curiosity, of shame and excitement, that Kristen began her fantasies about Cody.  Having always had an active imagination it wasn't hard for Kristen to nearly feel Cody when she imagined him.  She could smell his cologne, feel his warmth, hear his breathing and heartbeat.  Kristen could imagine such vivid fantasies that it was almost as if they were happening.  And to her body, they were.  It was in those days of wonder that Kristen had the most amazingly romantic relationship with Cody.  

As Kristen emerged from the shower she suddenly felt ready for whatever way the conversation with Devin was going to go.  She dressed and walked out of the bedroom with wet hair and nodded for Cody to take his turn.  Without missing a beat he snatched his bag in his right palm and walked right passed her.  Feeling a little more at ease and yet still knowing that this was the moment she had been dreading since last night, she took a good long look at Devin.  
He was a good guy.  He was kind and considerate, yet very manly.  He loved his football and beer and even though he had the knowledge of what a gentleman was, he also had the knowledge of what a man's man was like.  He'd watch TV with his feet on the table, he expected dinner be ready when he got home and he came real close to fitting the perception of a good ol' boy who said lil' lady and darlin'. He didn't, granted.  He was a little more in tune to the ages than that but he definitely had a providers mentality and Kristen never was able to determine if that was charming or annoying.  
Devin was sitting in the recliner across the room holding a beer.  He had been waiting for this moment since that scream he heard last night.  He had wanted to talk with her, get her take on the matter, get her story and yet against his better judgment he let the time pass by and allowed this Cody guy stay in his house.  Granted Cody had somehow been there in time to save Kristen, but from who and why?  These were questions that still hadn't been accurately answered for his liking.  He took another large swig of beer, staring out the window, knowing himself well enough that if he looked at her, if he said the first words he could screw this thing up.  He waited.
Watching Devin consume a beer this early in the morning felt like a slap.  She knew he had to be angry, confused, but drinking wasn't going to help his mood any.  Annoyance found its way into Kristen's subconscious and before she could censor her own words she heard herself speak.
A little early in the day to start drinking don't you think?
Figured I was gonna need it.
Kristen looked at his face but not into his eyes, she couldn't make eye-contact.  There was a long drawn out pause as she again struggled with the words in her head. She realized she needed to make the first move, to say the first words, she could see he was waiting.  She took a long deep breath, collecting herself, then she spoke again.  I'm guessing you have questions?
Nope, got most of those answered last night.
Kristen felt relieved for just a moment but then he spoke again.  Just waiting to hear who you're gonna chose.  Her eyes met his for the first time since last night and she looked hurt. Don't give me that look.  I can see what's going on here.  He paused, waiting for her to say something but she couldn't.  You're old flame comes to town and suddenly you're riding home in his truck.
Devin it's not like that.  Kristen spoke calmly.
Don't give me that shit.  He said calmly yet with anger.
It's complicated.
Well un-complicate it.  
Kristen felt as if she had been smacked back in time by two years.  How the tables had been turned.  Now she knew how Cody felt.  He didn't want to hurt her, he didn't want to change things because he didn't know how it was going to turn out but she refused to let him leave it alone.  She refused to leave it alone.  She forced him to choose and made what was already a hard and difficult decision even harder.  Suddenly she wished she could go back in time and make it easier on him but that wasn't going to happen and right now she was in the middle of this same conversation but today she was having it with Devin.
He's my bodyguard.
I got that last night.  I also figured out what part of your body he guarded.
It wasn't like that.
Don't give me that crap. I can see how you two look at each other.  He paused, waiting for her to deny it and when she didn't immediately protest he stood and threw his beer can across the room. 
Devin!
Damn it Kristen I thought we had something goin' on here!
We did. I mean  we do!  She quickly corrected but the words had already come out.
Crap  you've already chosen.  He shook his head.
I shouldn't have to choose Devin.  This isn't about you and me.
Well I don't know how else to take any of this.  We've been datin' for over a year and all of a sudden this guy shows up outta the blue and some other guy on a motorcycle is trying to kidnap you.  I don't know whether to beat that guy in our shower or thank him.  The son of a bitch is in my shower and I don't know if I should go grab a gun or another beer.
Kristen placed her shaky hand over her mouth.  She hadn't once considered how any of this was going to affect Devin. She realized all of a sudden that the guy was actually taking this better than she expected and she didn't know how to react to it.  She went to him to hug him but he pushed her away from him.
Don't touch me.  I don't need your pity I need your answers.
Devin, I don't know what to tell you.  I don't know who that was on the motorcycle.  I don't know why he was after me, I don't know why Cody is back and I don't know what's going on!
Well I guess it's time I filled you in then. Cody spoke as he stepped from the bedroom.  Having heard the yelling he was quick to dry, dress and figure out the scene.  Kristen turned to look at him standing there shirtless, still pretty wet, his tight Wranglers sticking to his thighs as he shuffled the towel through his hair.  The morning sun sparkled on those drops of water on his chest like diamonds and Kristen had to shake her head back into the game before she got lost in another fantasy.  Mind if I get dressed first?
Devin stormed over to the kitchen and retrieved another beer from the fridge mumbling a grouchy answer.   Whatever.
A few minutes later Cody emerged from the bedroom, his boots were on, his white shirt flowed in the breeze as he buttoned it up while he walked into the room.  His belt rattled as he walked with his large buckle dangling open until he was ready to tuck in his shirt.  
The man knew how to dress.  He always looked good.  Of course body building for protection, his abs were ribbed, his arms thick like boulders, even his buttocks was perfectly curved. But that was nothing compared to his eyes.  His eyes could stare right through you and leave a burning hole where they had been.  Those eyes just left you longing for something that could never fill it up.  So many times Kristen had craved his attention, his touch, and when he finally did touch her it was never enough.   
But she never made it easy on him either.  She was damn near perfect.  Her curves were just right, her clothes encompassed her body like a glove, she knew what to wear and how.  She always smelled like heaven, her hair always hung like a frame for her face and her eyes spoke volumes even when her pouty lips didnt speak at all.  Kristen didnt know she was gorgeous but she had a feeling.  Shed never let herself become over-confident, she thrived on positive praise but when she received the slightest criticism, it was as if she had been denied air.
Having had her way all of her life, her father spoiling her since she was old enough to talk, when she first moved in with Cody it was a complete life-style change.  Helga wasnt there to do things for her and Cody wasnt going to do it.  She had to fend for herself. 
-----
As she emerged from the guest bedroom that first morning with Cody and started looking around at her new surroundings, Kristen could see that it was a rather large house but the furniture and decor was old and rustic.  Thinking of the silk tapestries, crystal chandeliers, Ming vases and other rich dcor of her own home she realized the kind of person she was dealing with.  Brown studded leather couches, antler art chandeliers, old parchment looking drapes; to Kristen she had walked into some country living nightmare.  
Hearing the crunch of newspaper being flipped, Kristen followed the sound into the kitchen.  Cody was sitting at the breakfast table, some thick dark walnut table with rugged edges, a cup of coffee sat on the table before him.  His head was in the newspaper so she sat down at the table across from him and waited for him to say hello.  After a few moments she realized she was being ignored and immediately became defensive. 
Is there any coffee?
On the counter.  He pointed to the pot without taking his nose from the newspaper.  She sat there for a few moments waiting, expecting him to get her a cup like Helga would have done.  When he didnt move but instead flipped the page, she quietly huffed her insolence.
Where are the cups?
Cabinet above the range.
Her jaw dropped. She was supposed to get her own coffee?  Knowing that her father was paying him; she began to wonder what exactly he was being paid to do?  Another moment passed before she slammed her palms on the table pushed herself to her feet and went to the counter, yanked out a coffee mug, slammed the cabinet door shut, slammed the mug onto the counter and yanked the coffee pot from its brew station and began to pour. 
Cody raised an eye brow and peered over at her but reverted his attention back to the paper before she turned around again. He had a feeling this was going to be a tough assignment, he had no idea what he had walked into. 
-----
The guy on the motorcycle is named Duke.  He's the son of Jessie Logan the man who had it out for your father.
His son?  Kristen balked. 
Needing a back story here.  Devin interrupted.
With a little annoyance Cody continued.  Kristen's father got himself involved in some pretty shady stuff, if you get my drift.  When he realized the danger he was in, he thought the best thing he could do was distance himself from Kristen so she wouldn't become a target.  Cody looked over at Kristen watching her eyes divert to the side.  She sat down on a nearby chair and Cody could see what this was doing to her, having to relive this.  He placed a comforting hand on her shoulder as he continued a little more carefully.  Long story short; when he couldn't get what he wanted out of her father he sent his men out to find Kristen and eventually they did.  Reaching up, she clutched a couple of his fingers within her hand.  Squeezing her shoulder ever so slightly to comfort her all the while noticing Devin's teeth grind, Cody realized he should skip over most of those details. We got the guys. Put Jessie behind bars but not before the demise of her father.
Devin looked at her realizing that must have been hard then something occurred to him; So now the son's after Kristen? Why?
I'm not sure.
Then how did you know he was after her?
This time Cody averted his eyes.  He released her shoulder and walked across the room to the window.  He looked out for a few moments, realizing that not only Devin but Kristen too were hanging on his silence waiting for answers. He wanted to kick himself, he broke the first rule of a bodyguard, keep your charge safe.
I really screwed up Kris.
Kristen looked up at him curiously.  She had only seen him this vulnerable looking once.  The pain on his face showed regret, remorse.  He looked guilty about something, acted like he was guilty for something.  What could he have done?
-----
It had been an emotionally tumultuous first few days.  They were making great strides in breaking through the barriers of each others personalities when the tough questions began. Questions Cody knew would eventually come up, especially with an inquisitive person like Kristen but they were still tough to deal with.
So why did you become a bodyguard?
Cody had hinted up until now that he took his job seriously, that someone really important (to him) had been lost on the job but up until this moment, Kristen didn't know the whole story.  When he sat down and began the descriptive details of the scene, Kristen couldn't help but wonder where the story was going to go.  She had expected a simple answer like danger, adrenaline, a need to help others or to serve, she couldn't quite understand why he was so descriptive in these details until he started explaining who this story was about.  
I couldn't save them.  I wasn't prepared to save them.  My aim was off, my strength was mediocre, my stability hampered; my emotions were too cloudy for me to see the truth that was staring me right in the face.  He begged me to take the shot but I hesitated and they were ripped from this world in the most painfully savage way I could possibly imagine.
Your parents?
The police called it an accident, an in-the-wrong-place-at-the-wrong-time kind of accident.  They didn't blame me.  They didnt even make me feel guilty for not taking the shot when the burglar arrived. They didnt tell me that a warning shot (even a miss) could have scared him away which could have saved their lives.  They didnt tell me anything that would have led me to feel guilty because they knew I was feeling guilty enough.  They figured I was too young to understand what really happened; but I understood.  I knew it was my fault that my parents were dead. And I knew from that day on, that I would be prepared for the next time.
-----
So how did you screw up?  Devin interrupted the silence eager to see this guy vulnerable.
Kristen shot him an angry glance as she went up to Cody and took his hand within her hand.  She encouraged him with her eyes to open up and tell her what was really going on, but he began to close himself off to her.  She realized she needed to say something comforting at that moment so she said the first safe thing she could think of; We're friends aren't we?
Yanking his hand away from her he turned again, his back to her, then he let it out.  I thought we were friends!
Kristen was immediately hurt and confused.  Had she done something to make him think they weren't friends? What was it about their friendship that would have him so upset?
He seemed like a friend.  We had worked together, for over a year I put my trust in him and he used that!  Cody continued frantically.
Still lost here. Devin interrupted rudely, yet enjoying the drama.  Kristen however had to quietly agree with Devin now, what on earth was Cody talking about?
Cody looked at Devin with a little spite in his furrowed brow but then reverted his attention back to Kristen.  I opened up to him.  We talked, bantered back and forth.  I told him about us, about my feelings.  He genuinely seemed to care.  He encouraged me to search for you.  I knew I shouldn't.  I had a feeling you would have moved on, but his suggestions felt so right.  After a while it seemed like the thing to do, to go search for you, so I did, and I found you and you looked so happy and it broke my heart.
Devin began to smile at this but cocked his head sideways wondering where this rant was going to go.
Cody grabbed Kristen's hands, almost as if he were pleading for her to not be angry at him, His name is Jessie, and I led him right to you.
Yanking her hands away from him, Kristen was in shock. She trusted this man with her life and now all of a sudden she finds the danger she is now in is because of him.  Her feelings swarmed with conflict as she tried to make heads or tales of this new-found information.  
Kris you have every right to be angry at me.  I shouldn't have come.  But when I returned and couldn't find him I went to his apartment and found everything. His connection to Duke, his failed attempts at finding you on his own.  He needed me to find you and I led him right to you.  To Kristen none of this was helping Cody's case.  I had to come back, I knew this was my fault and I had to fix it.  I wasn't going to lose someone else because of my mistakes.
There it was.  The parent card.  She knew in the back of her mind he was going to use it.  She knew the loss of his parents was his most defining moment as a human being and the primary reason he went into this line of work.  He had told her that defending and protecting others was the most important thing to him.  He didn't have to do it, his parents left him the entire ranch, but he chose to do it and he was damn good at it.  He was damn good at a lot of things.
Kristen hooked her hands to her hips and dropped her head down as if in defeat.  She hadn't even begun to rationalize the emotions going through her head but she knew one thing, being angry at Cody wasn't going to help.  She knew something else too, she in no way what so ever wanted to be angry at Cody. 
Kristen started to go to him, to comfort him, to let him know in her own silent way that it was okay but as she took her first step in his direction, her thoughts were again invaded by Devin.
Doesn't sound like you're much of a bodyguard... loosing people...bringing danger with you...
With an explosive fire in his eyes Cody was about to lunge at Devin.  Realizing this, because she knew him so well, Kristen jumped between them, slamming her open palm against his chest.  Let it go.
Cody paused for a moment considering it when Kristen turned to Devin, her eyes glaring coyly. You're not much for tact are you?
What? I'm unimpressed so far.  He led some bad guy right to you and admitted he's lost others in the past; and by the way what did you mean by you losing someone because of your mistakes?
Devin just drop it.  Kristen pleaded demandingly.
Kristen I don't know why you're so defensive.  This guy seems like bad news to me.  I don't know much about yalls past but so far I can't see what you ever saw in him.
Kristen knew well what she saw in him.  The months they shared together were amazing adventures.  He showed her a world she'd never imagined; and she liked it.   Never again looking at the kind of guys she used to like the same way, she found herself drawn to a particular kind of man now, a rustic, down to earth, hard working cowboy.  With the tight wrangler jeans, large belt buckle and boots, the black felt hat that hid his penetrating eyes; with the muscles and tan only a hardworking outdoors man can get.  
When she watched him work; pitching hay bales for the horses, chopping wood and fixing fences, carrying large sacks of feed and working on his truck, she suddenly saw the benefits of doing it yourself.  The guys she used to be attracted to were spoiled rich kids.  They played tennis or golf, had others work on their sports cars, had others work in the yard.  They never lifted a finger to help others and complained when they didn't get what they wanted first.  They wore the fancy brands of clothes, and granted they fit like a dream but they were freshly pressed and never out of place, perfectly tailored for their bodies; their bodies that had only seen the inside of a gym but had never experienced real labor in their lives. 
When Cody would work hard he'd remove his shirt.  The way his muscles ached when he lifted something heavy was endearing.  The way his sweat glistened from his chest was pleasing and the way his muscles rippled when he was shooting a gun during target practice was enough to sway the waves of curiosity within Kristen that she had never felt move before. 
The men before were dashing, this man was gallant. The men before took her to high class restaurants, this man now produced a luscious spread with the time and caress of a gentleman.  When she went out with the men before she knew they spent a lot of money, when she was with Cody she knew he spent a lot of time and consideration.  Her ultimate satisfaction was his ultimate desire, not the desires the other men were after.  Kristen felt like a real woman when she was with Cody, a woman who was seen as a human being with feelings and emotions but desires of her own and he saw to those desires and sought to give her everything he could.
Never again would she consider the preppy boy, the high maintenance manicure man, she wanted the real man; and with Cody  she had it.
Unfortunately, when Cody left her she found Devin and he never quite measured up to Cody in every way but he came darn close and that was all she could expect.  He was kind and generous, opened the door, held her chair, everything a proper gentleman would do for his woman, not expect a Maitre D to do.  He was hard working, also a man of the land.  He was raised by a father who expected his son to provide for his family, but he was also raised with the knowledge that after a hard day on the land you knocked back a few beers with the guys.  If you work hard you play hard; ride bulls, lead longhorn cattle drives, bareback bronc riding and steer wrestling.  You finish the day with a cookout and then dance through the evening until dawn.  
The lifestyle was completely different from how she was raised.  It was charming as was he.  It was riveting  as was he.  When they made love there was passion; it was aggressive and tender all at the same time.  When he held her after, it was because he craved it, not because he was obligated to.  The country life was unique to her, curious, peculiar; it was something she felt she could easily be a part of. 
As she looked at Devin, into his eyes of concern and protection, she could see all he was doing was looking out for her.  He didn't know Cody.  He didn't know anything about the man standing in their living room, except for the fact that she couldn't stop fantasizing about him.  Realizing all of a sudden that even though she didn't want to hurt Devin; she was; she went to him. The man who had been there for her, the man who didn't leave her after one night, the man who professed his love to her every morning; this was the man she wanted. 
Granted she felt adventure and adrenaline with Cody. He had saved her life and that definitely makes you see that person in a special way, but he loved her and left her; his job was more important and that was exactly what she needed to remind herself of now.  He was here because of a job.  A job he wasn't getting paid for but had created himself.  A job he had to see through, and a job that when over would allow him to leave yet again.
Realizing this Kristen realized more than she expected.  No matter what happened these next few days or weeks, she would remain loyal to Devin.  It was the least she could do for this man.
Walking to Devin and placing herself within his arms she spoke, I see you in him.  I see a man who would do anything to protect me; but in you, I see a man who will stay.
Looking at her as he comprehended her words, their lips met.  Devin may have been feeling like he was on the loosing end of a chess game but all of sudden he realized he had available moves he hadn't noticed before. 
Cody however was stung by her words.  Refusing to show emotion, even though his heart was breaking, he realized he had this coming.  He had left her, true.  He was weak and afraid and he had left her.  He hadn't fully explored his true emotions for Kristen because he had spent so much time pushing those emotions back.  The night he finally acted upon those feelings was the best night of his life, and yet when he awoke the next morning and received that message from the call he had ignored; he knew that he had to go.  There was someone who needed help, who needed protection, and he couldn't live with himself if he let someone else die.  Taking on another job would pull them apart, this he knew, but what he also knew was that if they were together he would put her back in danger.  Not wanting to jeopardize what they had but more so her freedom he chose to walk away  to keep her safe, and when he did that, he walked away from the best thing in his entire life.


Chapter 5

We should get packed.  Cody voiced quickly changing the subject.
Packed?  What for?  Devin spoke looking up from Kristen to Cody curiously.
He found you at the bonfire last night.  It's only a matter of time before he comes to the apartment.  We have to get out of here before he returns.
Returns? Why would he return?  You kicked his ass last night.
The only reason he's not here now is because he realizes he needs backup.  As soon as he's acquired some men, he'll be back with a vengeance.
But why?  Kristen spoke carefully.  Why is he after me in the first place?
I'd like to say I know, but to be perfectly honest, maybe a little of it is vengeance, but the rest of it, I haven't figured out.  I know that he's looking for something, but I don't know what.
Looking for something? Like what? What would I have?
I'm not sure.  Most likely something your father gave you.
Cody, everything is in litigation.  Everything that belonged to my father was confiscated by the state.  I have nothing.
Well I don't know then.  All I know is that when I searched his place he was definitely looking for something and I think whatever it was led him directly to you. 
Well we're not running.  Devin interrupted vocally. Kristen turned to protest when she oddly felt the same way.  
You don't have a choice on the matter.  It's not safe here.  Period.
Leaving Kristen's grasp for just a moment Devin walked over to the side closet opened the door and grabbed his pump action rifle and cocked it with a jerk.  The sound was unmistakable.  I make my own safety.  No one runs me out of my home.
So your plan is to stand your ground?
Hell yeah.
An old western gun fight right here?
If it comes down to it.
And what if Kristen gets shot?
Devin said nothing.  I guess she should be somewhere safe.
And what if you get captured?
Devin huffed with a laugh. Unlikely.
He shows up with a few men and overpowers you...
Why would he want me?
Because you would be leverage to get to Kristen.  Devin stood there gripping hold of his rifle tautly. Cody continued.  As much as I hate the idea of you joining us... He sent over a coy smirk, I don't see any other choice than to bring you with us.
And where are we going?  Kristen asked knowing well that Duke knew where Cody lived so Jessie probably did too.  The ranch isn't safe, it's been compromised.
I know.  I've called in a favor.  It's all setup awaiting our arrival.
The drive was long and unbearably quiet.  Devin sat in the backseat, arms crossed on his chest, literally fuming.  Every once in a while he'd glance over at the suitcases next to him and let out an unsubtle huff.  Kristen could sense his anxiety.  She knew Devin well enough to know that he liked to have a plan, he didn't like being told what to do and he hated uncertainty.  As he sat in the backseat watching the scenery glide by, he was overwhelmed with the desire to object.  He was following this guys directions, basically moving for an indefinite amount of time to some unknown location all because of some distantly dangerous threat to his girlfriend that even with hours of explanation he still couldn't fully grasp. 
Unable to call his boss, he would surely loose his job.  He had to erase then destroy his phone, he was certain his friends would wonder where he was, there would be no explaining this.  Would people wonder about their disappearance? Call the police?  Sure they left enough evidence in the house and on the counter tops to lead anyone in the direction that they are on an extended vacation.  Of course part of the goal was to send Jessie on a wild goose chase.  Cody insisted that even if he did fall for it, which was highly unlikely, it wouldn't slow him down for long.
And if we're off in some deserted wilderness how is this thing ever going to resolve itself?  Devin came back with a huff.
Jumping into a fight half cocked will only get you killed.  Not knowing what they want or how far they are willing to go to get it, is a danger I'm not prepared to put either of you in.
And so what? You research? Investigate? Figure out what it is he wants, and then what?  He'll never stop looking for it, whatever it is.  If he's like you explain, he'll never stop looking for us. What are we supposed to do? Go into witness protection?
Basically.  Cody spoke with calm determination. But not exactly.  Witness Protection is for those in danger of a threat from testifying.  They saw something and are able to bring that knowledge to the table so they are under government protection before, during and many times still after the trial.  You unfortunately have none of that.  You fall under the stalking law.  Basically he can follow you, take pictures of you, but until he acts upon those actions the law can't do anything.
He tried to take her last night!
Attempted kidnapping isn't actual kidnapping, and she's not a child.  You can go to the police and say he tried to take her last night but it's just like a rape case, it's his word against hers.
But...
Devin, this is one of the main reasons bodyguards have a job.  They are individual security protection for those who are being threatened and whom need personal protection.  The police, God love them, are basically there to enforce the law once it has been broken.  Cody could see Devin wanted to protest.  He believed in the law, stood behind his country and couldn't believe that his life as he knew it was now over.  Unfortunately they won't stop until they have what they want and since I don't know what they want I have to assume it is Kristen dead and that I will not stand for.  That's why we have to leave.
For how long?
As long as it takes.
How will we know if they ever give up?
I have to assume that they won't.
When Cody pulled in through the tall cast iron gate, embellished with a bold black safari animal branded plaque, Kristen and Devin got their first clue as to where they were heading.  It's an exotic wildlife hunting sanctuary.  We are hired ranch hands until further notice.  Our room and board has been taken care of, we work for our food.  When we aren't working no one will be the wiser when we are doing target practice.  Kristen won't converse with the other patrons when there are any, and even though it's basically off-season this ranch is open year-round.
I gave up my career for this?  Devin coughed.
You're a mechanic.  Kristen offered.
I was working my way up to technician.
Well now you are a hunting guide.  Cody informed him.
Don't get me wrong, I love to hunt as much as the next man, but this isn't really the support and raise your family kind of a place.
Kristen smiled at that, getting a taste of his subconscious message. 
I was raised on one and turned out just fine.  Cody offered.
As the truck winded its way through the curvaceous gravel roads through the hills dotted with oak and juniper woodlands and trails leading to more-heavily-wooded areas, Kristen's eyes gleamed as she watched white tail deer frolicking in nearby fields, flocks of doves take off in flight, wild boar meander down the roadside. 
It's beautiful.
You haven't seen anything yet. Cody smiled as he glanced at Kristen.  Kristen smiled back catching his eyes with hers.  It's a thousand acres of mother nature's grandeur.  Of tree-studded arbors, scenic canyons, dry creek beds and a flowing river.  The sounds of the wildlife blanket the land with a musical experience that will take your breath away and the sunset over Cody's canyon will too.
Releasing a shy laugh Kristen couldn't help but ask, Cody's Canyon?
I grew up here Kristen.  When my parents were killed my uncle took me in and raised me here.
But the ranch?
The ranch was put into trust until I was of age.
Kristen could sense she was entering a very special place.  She knew she was a part of something special the day Cody told her that the ranch that they were living on was his, now she was being granted access to yet another part of Cody's life in this ranch.  
-----
They had been out in the fields joy riding on the four wheeler just enjoying the mildly warm afternoon when he pulled into a nearby clearing and drove up to a rustic cedar post fence.  
What are we doing?
He didn't answer as he pulled a bunch of empty soda cans from the cooler and set them up along the top of the fence.  After a few moments he joined her back on the four wheeler and drove it down range about 50 yards away then pulled over.  Hopping off the seat he pulled a couple rifles from the side holster and handed one to Kristen.
You aren't serious.  Kristen stammered uncomfortably.
Deadly.
That's what these do you know.
Only if used properly.
No thank you.
I'm not taking no for an answer.  I need you to know how to shoot.
Isn't that what my father is paying you for?
Can't hurt to learn how to protect yourself.  He handed her the rifle.  She took it hesitantly and held it out away from her as if she were holding someone's dirty laundry.  Seeing this act his lip curled up.  He placed his gun down away from them and stepped up behind her.  He gripped the gun pressing it properly in Kristens hand.  Readjusting her hold of the gun he placed her left hand under the stock to support it, her right hand on the handle.  He braced it up against her body for extra support, waiting to see if she steadied.  Starting to slide her finger over the trigger, he took her finger and placed it flat along the barrel.  Never put your finger on the trigger until you are ready to pull it.  Satisfied with her stance he pointed the barrel at their targets and started his lesson.  Thats your sight. 
Wait, I dont feel very stable
Standing allows you to see over tall brush, and it is the fastest of the shooting positions to assume. When you only have a few seconds to take the shot, standing is the position that is required.
He then proceeded to give directions. Place your feet shoulder-width apart, toes pointed toward the target. Once the target is spotted, keep your eye on it and your head up-right and still.  He waited for her to maneuver herself properly.  Raise the rifle up to your eye, this will help you to pick the target up in your sights quicker.  He watched as she began to raise the rifle, and offered his left hand under it for additional support, withdrawing once she had it horizontal. 
Hold the rifle firmly against your right shoulder with the right hand.  Seeing her muscles tense, he offered more direction. Dont grip the rifle too tight. Gripping her shoulders in his grasp as he moved behind her, he squeezed allowing some of the tension to escape.  
Now line up the bead sight located on the barrel of the gun with this slot sight here, the one with the groove. He said pointing to the two sights.  Cock your head to the side just slightly, squint one eye to get your aim in focus.  He waited as she started to aim, the barrel was swaying as she stood there, pensive.  Once it stilled and she looked in focus, he quietly encouraged her the rest of the way. Now place your finger over the trigger and slowly squeeze it.
Hesitantly, she slowly slid her finger over the trigger.  The barrel swayed ever so slightly and she stood there and re-aimed, getting everything lined up again.  Her heart began to beat a little faster as she knew she was about to pull a trigger for the first time.  Alright, when youre ready... he encouraged.
Slowly... with a deep inhaled breath... she braced for the loud blast, the kick back... Click
What happened? Kristen demanded as she looked at Cody swinging the rifle around erratically when she turned.  Instinctively grabbing the barrel and pointing it away from himself he shook his head.  Like I was going to hand you a loaded gun your first time.
Her mouth dropped open.  As he took the rifle from her grasp she punched him in the arm.  I was so nervous and I didnt need to be.
And thats why were going to practice. If you ever need to pick up a gun for self defense, you cant be nervous about it.  Pulling a box of bullets from his jacket pocket he began to load the gun.
So were going to do this for real?
Im not out here for the hell of it.
Kristen remembered that day so fondly.  Target practice to her was exhilarating and empowering.  After her first hit, after many failed attempts, she heard that clang of the can and watched it fly from the fence like a rocket.  She leapt up with a squeal of joy and pride and twirled around blissfully.  Again, Cody had to point the gun from either of them but she was making progress.  With time he had faith she would excel, he just wondered how much time they had.
-----
As the truck slowed to a stop in front of the main lodge, Kristen snapped out of her memory and gawked at the splendor of the building.  Two stories tall with sheer plate glass windows stretching from the floor to the ceiling, angling at the top to show the burnt auburn reds and oranges of the polished cedar logs that formed this miraculous log home. The hue of a candle light like gold exposed the luxuriously rustic style decor, antler art with leather-laced parchment styled lamp shades and Adirondack Luxury living style.  
As they walked through the heavy stained glass door, Kristen's senses were flooded with the smell of pine and cinnamon, the warmth of the roaring fireplace and the oh-so comfy looking furniture.   Centered at an angle in the living room were tanned leather couches, studded along the frame and arms with deer pelt fur-lined throw pillows, enticing you to sit down and stay awhile.  An alarmingly angry bear skin rug sat just next to the chunky thick wood tables.  It was how she had imagined her own home would look... after experiencing the lifestyle through Cody.  
Feeling warm shivers roll down her arms she couldn't help but feel like this was going to be fine. Imagining target practice again, him guiding her arms, watching sunsets; sitting within his embrace, horseback riding together; their bodies bouncing together, Kristen's lips started to curl into a smile.  As she twirled around on her heels to face Cody she pulled into focus two men instead. Cody and Devin both standing there as they dropped their bags to the parka wood floor and stretched.  As her smile quickly faded she was again faced with the reality  not that her life was once again in danger  but how could she possibly choose?


Chapter 6

Having already decided on keeping in the main lodge, Cody directed Devin and Kristen to the master bedroom and showed them around.
Where are you going to sleep?  Kristen asked with an innocence Devin simply couldn't help but groan from.
The den is right across the hall, it has a nice fold-out couch and the majority of the weapons are in the display case against the back wall. 
Aren't there cabins? Devin inquired not wanting Kristen to be directly across the hall from this guy for an indefinite amount of time. 
They are dotted across the terrain and positioned sporadically throughout the grounds.  I can't secure the perimeter or guard against unwanted visitors.  The main lodge is the safest most central place there is.
Understanding and yet a little unsatisfied, Devin couldn't dispute his plan.  Nothing about this situation was fine with him except that he was here with Kristen.  Unfortunately, Devin couldn't determine whom Kristen thought she was here with.  
Dinner's at six. Cody spoke as he walked out of the bedroom leaving the two of them alone again.
Kristen stood looking out the door even after Cody left almost pensive about turning around.  She had seen the bedroom was gorgeously decorated and large, maybe she should say something about it?  Isn't this amazing?
What?
The room.  Isn't it gorgeous?
This isn't some vacation Kristen, this might as well be a ten by ten foot gray cell with bars.
Don't be so dramatic.  This place is gorgeous.  We should enjoy ourselves.
What's there to enjoy?  We have been transplanted from our lives, the life I enjoyed just fine, and thrown into this, this...
Kristen looked at him hurt.  She understood that he needed time to deal with this, she also understood that he was on edge wondering where he stood, but she just wanted to live in the moment and he wasn't letting her.
Drama.
Kristen heard his words but ignored him.  Walking curiously into the master bathroom, she nearly gawked. Classic French doors opened to another absolutely huge room.  Rustic wood counter tops with marble sinks and cast iron faucets encircled the room framing it for all of its splendor.  A large oval sunken bath tub surrounded by marble edging and four tall pine pillars with hand carved molding greeted her gaze with delight.  Unburned candles cascading down candelabras with green silk plants and bowls of bath beads and fancy soaps lined the edge.  She suddenly couldn't wait to take a long hot bath but she knew she didn't have time now so she kept exploring.  
Pacing through the room and into the closets she opened the door to notice polished wood shelves and shoe racks with individualized seating areas cushioned with a creamy soft cloth she couldn't wait to sit upon.  The closets were his and hers... oh how she loved this place!
Devin slowly followed her into the room and watched her as she took it all in.  Isn't this amazing? She asked hoping her enthusiasm could pick up his spirits. He nodded with a somewhat curled frown on his face.  She saw that he was feeling overwhelmed and insecure.  She walked up to him and slid her arms around his torso placing her head on his chest.  Taking in her scent he placed his chin atop her head and hugged her as well, holding her tightly. For a long wonderful moment he held her in his arms and it felt good. But then he pulled away.
So how does this work?
What? She asked back inquisitively as she watched him walk over to the bench and sit down. 
This.
Wondering if he was referring to their new jobs as lodge employees or their own relationship she couldn't find a way to answer him. 
Looking up at her expecting her to answer he spoke again finally clarifying. This bodyguard thing.  Still desiring more clarification she looked at him and blinked.  We just work like nothing's happened, with a bodyguard, until we grow old and die or they come searching for us; whichever comes first?
Oh, she thought to herself as she calmed a little about his question.  Well, she sat down next to him on the bench, I don't know how it works for others, politicians and pop stars get to live their life and the bodyguard is there to watch over them.  My father initially felt that even with the best security available it wasn't safe enough to put me in the middle of it.  He felt that my walking away from the entire scene was the only thing he could do to ensure my safety.  He always hoped that he would be able to one day call and tell me it was safe to come back home but that call never came.
Devin put his arm around her shoulder and drew her closer. Why did you never tell me about any of this?
I was told not to.  If I told someone about this past of mine and, like, our relationship didn't work out, you could have spilled the beans about my whereabouts to Jessie.
I would never do that!
I couldn't ever take that chance.
So you don't trust me?  
Kristen stood from his arms to face him. Of course I trust you, I just assumed it was all over and I would never have to bring it up.
I understand. He stood and took her into his arms again.  No more secrets though... okay?
No more secrets.  
As those words escaped her mouth she felt awkward about them. She wasn't sure why the hairs on the back of her neck stood up at that moment but when her nerves returned to normal the next moment and he kissed her, she all but forgot that single fleeting moment of anxiety.
As dinner time neared and their clothes were hung and the master area had been fully explored Kristen sat on the bed eying the door as Devin sat in a nearby recliner reading a pamphlet about the lodge.  She didn't know why she didn't just get up and leave the room.  She wanted to explore, check out the rest of the lodge, find Cody... was that why she wasn't leaving?  Was she afraid to face him or afraid to leave questions in Devin's head? 
Argh! She couldn't spend the rest of her days feeling this way, worried about her actions when they were innocent in nature.  Leaping from the bed as if hearing the blow from the start whistle she went to the door and reached for the handle. 
Where are you going?
Guilt flashed across her face but then immediately went away.  Don't feel that way, she demanded of herself.  To explore. I can't wait to see what the rest of the lodge looks like.
I'll come with you. He said as he stood from his chair and placed the pamphlet on the side table. 
Disappointment flashed over her for just a moment.  Why would she feel that way? She loved him.  Okay. She said with a perky smile as she opened the door. 
When the two of them emerged from the room together she immediately felt as if it would have looked like they spent all of this time... having sex.  Why would she worry about that? So what if they would have been?  It was none of Cody's business what they did.  She was dating Devin, had been for some time.  What am I doing? Kristen scolded herself, I am arguing with myself!  Snap out of it. Turning to Devin she reached for his hand with a smile, then forced the thought of what it would look like to Cody out of her mind as they entered the extra large open kitchen.
What an amazing kitchen!  Kristen declared releasing her grip on Devin's hand.  Looking around the room, the large polished river rock island with granite counter tops, the log wood bar stools and decor... who was she kidding, the kitchen was huge!  Stainless steel appliances; restaurant grade, stone tiled walls with polished teak cabinets, etched glass with inlaid lighting. And a cushioned bay window with a view of the terrain that was just gorgeous in all of its splendor.  Walking up to the island as Cody finished washing his hands, she finally caught the rich aroma of dinner.  
It smells great in here!
Roast and potatoes.  Cody offered without much else.
Pot roast? Devin inquired.
Deer.
Kristin's head spun around to see the heads on the wall.  Deer heads, elk, zebra, gazelle, all trophy heads, birds and ducks, stuffed and hung up.  This was a hunting lodge, this was expected.  She didn't mind it... but she was going to eat it?
Don't start with that look. Cody cooed playfully, You may not have known it before but we didn't always eat cow on my ranch.
Kristen's mouth dropped open and when she caught his smile she couldn't help but melt. Well as long as you're doing the cooking.  
Their eyes caught again and Kristen couldn't help but think about some of the scrumptious homemade meals Cody would make after a long day's work on the ranch.  Where he found the energy she couldn't imagine, where he stored the talent amongst all of his other many talents...
Dinner's almost ready. Wanna set the table?
Sure. Kristen chimed hoping right back into that old familiar role.  Walking into the kitchen she went to the left cabinet and opened it expecting to find plates.  
Next cabinet over.  Cody spoke, his back still to her but knowing exactly where she went.
But your system.  Kristen questioned. 
Can't be helped.  My uncles lodge, my uncles rules.
I can't believe you haven't talked him into the genius of your system.
I can't believe you still remember my system. He turned and smiled at her.  Their eyes caught again, but then out of her peripheral vision she caught a glimpse of Devin sitting at the island.  His face was stoic and emotionless but Kristen could sense there was more on his mind than he let on.  Reaching for the plates in silence, not quite knowing what to say, Kristen went ahead setting the table without saying another word.
Intent on lightening up the situation Cody spoke, Just got a bottle of brandy in, want to help us break it in tonight?
Us?
My uncle will be here by six, he never misses a meal, especially when I'm cooking.
Oh so your uncle lives here too?
He's got his own home across the valley.  Him and Aunt Martha built it when the lodge became too much to keep up with when clients came in.
Your aunt won't be joining us?
She passed away three years ago.
My condolences. Devin spoke honestly.
Mine too.  Kristen added following the guys conversation carefully.
A few minutes later Cody's uncle Ron breezed through the door like a tumbleweed.  Dropping a dusty satchel bag in the foyer he announced his entrance with a bold; Smellin' good in here!  Kristen leaned over the counter to look at him and felt as if she were watching Dirty Harry himself.  His old leather cowboy hat was dirty and crushed but pulled back to shape over and over again.  His jeans and button down checked shirt was covered by his long brown duster trench coat that swept the floor as he walked like a broom.  Worn brown leather boots finished the ensemble and as Kristen watched him remove his hat and duster and hang them on the coat rack next to the door, she saw a large country man morph into a worn older gentleman, skinny and tall.
Dinner's almost ready.  Cody spoke out.
Did my brandy get here?
On your desk in the den.
Hoo-wee!  He sang with a long Texas drawl, Been lookin' forward to that all day!
Come meet our guests uncle Ron.  Cody spoke as he peeked his head around the wall blocking Kristen's view.  Watching his uncle meander his way across the room; Cody returned to his work.  
Walking into the kitchen and directly up to the refrigerator Uncle Ron reached for a bottle of beer and briskly jerked the top off with the bottom of the counter.  Taking a quick swig, he reverted his attention to Devin first and shoved his hand into his palm.  Ron Hunt; owner of Hunt's Wildlife & Exotic Game Ranch.  Pleased to make yer acquaintance.
Shaking his hand firmly but with gusto, Devin half-laughed. Your last name is Hunt and you own a hunting ranch?
Yep.  The man said quick and without any explanation and with the look like none was needed.  Devin just shook his head in acceptance and spoke again.
Devin James, this is...
Kristen!  Ron beamed brightly as he yanked his hand from Devin and went to give Kristen a full body hug.  Sweeping her off her feet in a vertical bear hug, he nearly squeezed the air from her lungs then plopped her back onto her feet. 'Bout time I met you.
Hi. She smiled shyly. 
Before any other words could be said Cody interrupted with a dinner's ready. and Uncle Ron went straight for the fridge.  Grabbing another beer he spun around and tossed it near Devin Head's up!  Off guard yet with the right reflexes Devin caught it mid air and in the same downwards motion, popped the top off and voiced a Thanks.
Ron proved to be quite an energetic and colorful person, full of stories and anecdotes and almost always about some grand hunting adventure.  Kristen noticed quick that as the beer bottles added up on the table and dinner sat digesting, Ron's stories became tall tales allowing for boisterous belly grabbing laughter.  He was quite entertaining and then as the cuckoo clock chimed seven; like clock work, Ron stood from the table and began taking things to the sink. 
With the extra help, dishes were done, trash was disposed of and leftovers were saved in record time and then with the yawl of his deep Texas drawl he handed each of the guys another cold beer and led them into the den.
Been looking forward to this all day, I expect ya'll to join me for a brandy chaser.
Kristen followed as the men entered the den and again Ron began yet another exciting story about how he shot the lion head on the wall over his desk and the brandy started to flow.  Realizing the conversation wasn't going to change much for the better, Kristen heard the call of that oversized luxury bathtub and excused herself.  With no effort to stop her or inquire, Kristen walked away from the den to the master bath highly anticipating the enjoyment she was ready to receive. 
 As Kristen submerged herself into the over-sized bathtub coating herself with soft bubbles she leaned back resting her head on the water-proof pillow and closed her eyes, exhaling deeply.  The aroma of vanilla bean and cinnamon from the candles and bubble bath tantalized her senses as she allowed herself to escape into this oasis of relaxation.
The silent of the night was dotted with sounds of crickets and light wind, a distant cry echoed from a lone male elk and the occasional laughter from the men hanging out in the study.  Kristen wondered what they might have been talking about; who knows she thought as she considered the combination of brandy, cigars, guns and hunting talk.  Men will be men; she concluded not even wanting to try to figure them out. 
With eyes closed, trying to escape from her current reality although not too terribly far, Kristen jolted in the water when she heard something on the other side of the bathroom door.  With her heart rushing and her adrenaline peaked she sat in the water staring at the door panic-stricken at the idea that she was about to be walked in on.  However as she sat there and the moments passed and the adrenaline calmed and she began to consider it may have just been her own nerves getting the best of her she began to relax again.  
Replacing her head on top of the pillow, keeping her eyes open for the moment she looked at the room in awe.  It was gorgeous.  As beautiful as her own home had been before her father's mess ripped her from it.  And yet the decor was of a posh country western style she now adored. Realizing the reason why she seemed to like this style she again found her imagination conceive a new fantasy.  
Having felt her heart race at the thought of intrusion and then relax with the warm waters of her bath caressing her skin, she felt the water lapping at her breasts.  Micro bubbles tickled her chest as she breathed and she felt her skin begin to tingle with delight.  Her body was craving something, an emotional connection, a physical connection... or maybe it might have been craving a psychological connection?
As she sat there in the steamy waters of the porcelain tub she began imagining Cody excusing himself from the den or slipping away secretly to go do something.  Devin and Ron would continue talking and laughing, smoking cigars and drinking brandy or whatever they were doing. Meanwhile Cody would sneak across the lodge.  He would tap lightly on the bathroom door and as Kristen silently tried to determine if she should say come in or not he would slowly open the door and walk in anyway. 
With a heightened anticipation Kristen could feel her pulse quicken as she continued to think about the possibilities.  How she would feel if he did come in, what she would say, if anything, as she imagined him slowly, quietly, close the door behind him.  Kristen would be laying there in the bubbles, nervous, unsure if she should crouch down more to hide herself, sit up to accept him or stay still while trying to determine the best form of action.  In her mind she was paralyzed.  Unable to move for fear of upsetting the direction this fantasy was beginning to go. 
Cody would stride up to her slowly, gallantly.  Sit down next to the bathtub and just look at her with those gorgeous penetrating adoring eyes.  This made Kristen nervous and she quickly jumped her thoughts to moments later when she would imagine him taking a soft plush washcloth, dipping it into the warm waters and then bringing it up to her shoulders, letting the steamy hot waters flow down her skin.  It was an erotic thought, the silence, no words being said, no excuses or pushing away.  Kristen closed her eyes allowing herself to feel that moment, the way the steam of the waters made her flesh burn; or was it her inner desires burning to be released?  
She felt her body quiver as her imagination allowed her to feel every action as if it were truly happening.  She felt Cody slide the warm wet washcloth up to her neck.  She felt the cool air hit her flesh as the warm waters trickled down her back.  She felt his hand slowly slide the cloth down her back, into the waters and then she felt his hand without the cloth touch her.  Her torso was struck with delight as she eagerly waited with baited breath to feel what he would do next.  She felt the hairs on the back of her neck stand as she stretched her neck up anticipating his warm soft lips touching her.  So ready for whatever she would feel.  Eyes closed, imagination moving ahead at slow motion, feeling every sensation almost continuously over and over again as her head decided what he would do next, where this would take her.
She could have stayed in this moment indefinitely when she was harshly yanked from her fantasy by the loud outburst of three large men belting out laughter from across the hall.  Kristen's eyes shot open in a painful sting as she was yanked from this beautiful exotic dream back to her current reality.  Desiring nothing but to escape back into her fantasy the reality had wiped her dream away and all that remained was her current situation.   As of yet there was nothing certain about her situation.  She didn't know what her job would be, what tasks she would be responsible for, how long she'd expect to be here, how tomorrow would begin or end.  Everything was uncertain; and that was a feeling she did not like in the least.  Not requiring the necessity of a plan, Kristen prided herself on her ability for spontaneity, but even the ability to be spontaneous would wear her down if she couldn't rest, if she couldn't anticipate something. 
As she drew herself reluctantly out of the warm waters and wrapped a towel around her body to shield her from the cool air, she began to wonder if her fantasy life was going to be all of the excitement she had left.  Remembering her first weeks at Cody's ranch and how hard she worked, how much was expected of her and of course how much she fought it, exhaustion over took her senses and she prepared for bed.

Chapter 7

The first few days at Cody's ranch back then were the worst in her opinion.  Remembering back at how spoiled and rotten she was to him, demanding him do things for her.  She threw at him the fact that her father was paying him every chance she got.  She acted like the brat she had been raised to be.  When she looked back she could only imagine how he must have hated her.  She always wondered how he continuously managed to not slap her when she knew now that she deserved it.  She would have slapped herself, and yet Cody was always calm and understanding and most of all rational. 
Kristen remembered in the beginning when he would begin to teach her something, anything, from cooking skills to horse back riding and everything in between she'd always throw a fit.  Why should I do this when we pay someone else to do it?  Why would I possibly want to mount that smelly horse?  What had she been thinking?  Horseback riding was a blast, granted it was a literal pain in the butt when they were done, but she always enjoyed herself in the interim; and yet she'd complain about it constantly.  
Rational  she hated how he was always so rational. 
You're emotions aren't rational.  Whether you want to do it or not doesn't matter.  The fact that you have to do it, because your survival depends on it is the rational way of looking at.  I shouldn't have to say 'because I said so' to prove a point.  Rationally you should accept that I am trying to help you by allowing you to help yourself and thus stand up and take responsibility of your own actions.
How on earth are you supposed to argue with something like that?  It wasn't like Cody was a super genius, he was a regular every day hard working country guy who believed in pride of a job well done, love of country and self improvement.  The more he talked the more she wanted to scream! But eventually and more likely through osmosis and good influence, Kristen began to absorb some of his more rational behavior, suggestive propositions and informative concepts.  
However, in Kristen's mind, it was the suggestive propositions she was propositioning to him that she wished he'd focus on more.  Attempting to stimulate the conversation with some old fashioned wiles, Kristen was certain she'd begin to get her way, and yet it never worked.  Kristen prided herself on having always had that basic primal ability to seduce the recipient into doing her every will.  Yet with this guy, one hundred percent man and yet unfaltering, she couldn't find a way to control him.  He was too strong, determined and focused on his mission of protection and education to see through her girly charms. 
Looking back Kristen realized how ridiculous she had acted.  She remembered feeling like she knew everything. That she could handle any situation and yet when she thought back now, she could only shake her head at her ignorance.  Through hard work and dedication Cody had taught her how to be a woman, a responsible and viable part of the community, and yet it was the woman part she was most confused about. He had influenced her behaviors and train of thought in a way she couldn't have seen before but could see as clear as a pane of glass now.
Showered, dressed and with coffee in hand Kristen made her way quietly across the kitchen and out onto the back deck just in time to see the sunrise.  Devin was still sawing logs on his pillow not due to wake for at least another hour when Kristen spotted Cody sitting on the porch swing holding a cup of coffee.
Walking over to him with a knowing smile Kristen couldn't help but accept the fact that she had changed because of him.  Before, sleeping in until ten was considered normal, but with Cody's perspective, watching the sun rise was taking in God's beauty.  Being ready to begin your day early allowed for more opportunities, more projects to get done and more free time to relax. As the months passed at Cody's ranch Kristen found herself willingly waking earlier each day just to experience what he had to offer.  And even after they parted years ago, Kristen continued this tradition, more responsible and more aware of her surroundings.  
Sitting next to Cody, quietly taking in the scenery and sounds, smells and flavors of the morning, Kristen couldn't help but smile.  As she lifted her cup to her lips, the steam tickling her nose she caught a glimpse of Cody doing the same.  Synchronized coffee drinking; one more little thing they had in common.
The morning doves were cooing as the crickets were winding down for the night and as the sun peeked over the distant hills Cody finally said good morning.
It's beautiful out here.  Kristen began softly. 
You still wake this early regularly?
You can get more accomplished in a day this way.
Smiling at her and with the feeling of familiarity and comfort, Cody found himself wrap his free arm around Kristen's shoulders as Kristen brought her legs under her and to her side. Leaning against him, his warmth soaking into her body, a comfort blanketed her that she hadn't felt in a very long time.  She remembered as they grew closer, how she felt.  How she knew he was beginning to feel about her, it was a scary time for them and yet together, there was nothing to be afraid of.  
Thinking back to the mornings they spent together, how well they fit together spiritually and emotionally, Kristen had become ready to test the waters physically but Cody wouldn't allow himself to try it.  Ever knowing that danger could have been just around the corner, ever deliberate in his actions of keeping her close yet not close enough, Cody kept a professional distance between them even after his feelings became more.
Cody recalled those mornings himself.  How he looked forward to watching her emerge from the kitchen door in her bathrobe and slippers, coffee in her hands, her eyes hardly open as she basically sleep-walked to the porch bench and sat down next to him, snuggling herself into the warmth of his body.  He'd eagerly embrace her, pull her into him and allow the scent of her feminine perfume to waft up into his nose enticing his senses. 
He loved holding her, he loved how soft she was, how silky smooth her hair was, how pliable her limbs were as she held her coffee cup firmly within her palms as he envisioned her desire to hold him.  He knew that in a moment he could get lost to her forever and it was always in that moment he'd mentally snap out of it and keep himself at bay.  She was too special to him to fail her. She was too special to her father to fail him. 
As Cody recalled those mornings, watching the sun rise, hearing the birds singing, the wind whistling through the leaves of the trees he was brought back to his current reality and found himself feeling all of those emotions all over again.  Granted the situation was similar, everything now had changed and although he could sense her apprehension and desire, he also knew that she was with someone else and they were once again in a life and death situation to which he had to stay focused. 
I know that Jessie won't stop looking for you.  It is too important to him and his father.
Why has this come about?
He's looking for something, that's all I know and until he finds it, I am certain he won't stop.
So tell me again, what is the plan?
Your safety is my top priority.  Looking up at him she smiled and yet seeing his lip curl ever so slightly, she watched as he reverted to bodyguard mode like he did all of those mornings before.  This place will be hard for him to find but I am certain it will not be impossible.  I chose it for two reasons; one because of the openness, it is optimal for a showdown.  The layout and structure provides an ideal safety design and there are plenty of places I will show you that you can go to in case you need to escape.
And two?
Two; he sighed I'm going to teach you more about hunting, gun control and techniques, aiming over long distances... Jessie has friends, and a showdown here is going to be more than I can handle alone.  You are strong and capable, I've made sure of it.  Now I plan on taking you further because were going to need all of the protection we can get.
Shivering at that thought, Cody pulled her into him closer and held her tighter.  I'll never let anything happen to you.
I know.
I love you too much.
Those words escaped him faster than he could realize what he was saying, before he could figure out how to take them back.  He meant those words; every single one of them, with all of his heart and soul.  And yet he realized that by allowing them to slip he was causing a problem for her right off the bat.  He felt as everything stopped at that moment.  Sounds ceased, the birds silenced, it even seemed as if the porch swing stopped swinging.  His heart skipped a beat and then it stopped to wait and see what was going to happen next.   As he held Kristen in his arms he felt her also stop.  He could sense her thinking.  He could almost see her eyes close as if in a disappointed awareness that she would be forced to make the next rational move.
With a long deep inhale then a slow systematic exhale, Kristen pulled her body from his arms reluctantly and pulled her limp torso onto her feet.  Turning to him with such a calm look on her face he felt his blood begin to flow faster and faster in anticipation of what she was going to say.  Panic began to fill him as she carefully placed her hand on his cheek.  Staring deep into her vaulted eyes attempting to pull any sign of emotion or intent from them he waited in panicked anticipation as she slowly leaned her face close to him, bringing his ear near her mouth.  
With a slow warm exhale she spoke the words he had wanted to hear and yet hadn't expected to here: I love you too.  Then she pressed her soft warm lips to his cheek in a long-lasting almost goodbye-like kiss and spoke again as she pulled away. But we have to be rational.  Pulling his empty coffee cup from his fragile hands she could see his skin begin to crack as she ultimately heard his heart shatter.  Knowing this feeling all-too-well because she had experienced it so many mornings with him herself, she walked back into the kitchen to refill their coffee cups leaving him to collect himself and his thoughts as she too had done so many mornings before. 
Oh how the tables had turned and if she were a spiteful person this would have felt good, almost like revenge for all of the pain and heart-ache he had caused her.  But she wasn't vengeful or angry or even the slightest bit spiteful.  She truly did love him and she truly felt pain for knowingly hurting him, but she also knew from the many times he gave his own speech about staying focused on the task at hand and all of that responsibility stuff, that it had to be said.
Somewhere in the back of her head she knew danger would be coming and that Cody would need to be focused and somewhere in the bottom of her heart she knew Devin was in the bedroom soon to wake up and there were feelings there she hadn't quite figured out yet either.  Refilling the cups Kristen stared into the flowing black coffee wanting to get lost in its darkness, to escape into her own reality, something easier, and yet as she contemplated in her head how to visualize that made-up reality, Cody walked in the door. 
Replacing the carafe back onto the warmer yet not looking up at Cody, she waited to see what was going to happen next.  Sensing he had come up with something, she tuned her ears to him only to be averted left by Devin who shuffled into the room, stretching and making his way over to the aroma of the coffee. Cody spoke strongly.
Today we will make our way down to the southwest quadrant of the ranch where the best target practice can be done.  I mainly want to focus our attention on long-range shooting.  Kristen I want you to be a sniper, far enough from the danger but there.
Excuse me?  Devin interrupted with a half awake slur, You want her to be behind a gun?
You may not know it Devin but I'm a damn good shot.  Kristen assured him.
There's a difference between backyard target practice and long range sniping.  Devin looked over at Cody like he was insane.  You can't possibly think that she could do something like that.
Kristen was half ready to smack Devin for not believing in her when Cody said it all. 
I trust her with my life.
Shouldn't it be the other way around?  
The relationship between a bodyguard and his guardee is symbiotic.  She has to trust that I will take a bullet for her and I have to know that she won't intentionally put me in danger herself.
So your plan is to put a sniper rifle in her hand to take a shot in your direction at 600 yards?
As I was explaining to Kristen earlier, Jessie has his own men and when he comes he will not be alone, we'll need all of the capable hands we can get to get through this.
Earlier? How early did you get up? Devin looked at Kristen curiously jumping to the jealousy point in a single step. 
Caught off guard by his comment Kristen didn't know what to say, with those few words he was insinuating the worst, although he was half right to be concerned, but she had stood up and left the situation and should have been rewarded for it, not reprimanded.  With an insulted huff, Kristen took her coffee cup into her hand and walked out of the kitchen.
Hey! I asked you a question.
Knowing in the back of her mind that continuing to walk after a statement like that was made was going to cause turmoil she just couldn't fathom dealing with it at the moment.  As she continued walking she could almost feel the fear build as she sensed Devin start to step near her.
Hey!
Attempting to bypass a tension-filled situation, Cody propped his hand on Devin's shoulder to stop him while expressing the words Let her go.
With no hidden meaning behind those words, Cody was taken aback when Devin spun on his heel knocking Cody's arm away from him and with a spite-filled expression growled; That's exactly what you want isn't it?
Cody found himself speechless. His first instinct was to punch the guy but his words stung him as being realistically accurate.  He didn't really intend on stealing the guys girlfriend, he was here to protect her although in the back of his mind he did want her back.  The realization just came to him as if he hadn't allowed himself to consider it up until now.  However, now that it was out there shouldn't he acknowledge it?  Shouldn't he step up and be a man and admit his feelings and throw out the option of let the best man win?  
It had taken a fraction of a second for Devin to realize what Cody realized and as the silence turned into a putrid stench of male masculinity and arrogance; both men stood acknowledging that a fight would soon ensue.  Standing at attention, neither one wavering, neither one willing to make the first move whether it be fight or flight. Which would walk away first?  Which would show the first weakness?  Which would swing the first punch?
As Cody stood there realizing through the fire in Devin's eyes that this man could be more dangerous to them than Jessie; he began to worry.  Had he caused this situation?  Had he done the right thing by bringing him here?  He had rationalized before that bringing Devin was two-fold; one, keep him safe so as to not become a bargaining chip to get to Kristen.  And two, prove that his intentions were sincere and only focused on Kristen's safety.  Unfortunately now that he saw that Devin was going to be an additional battle he realized that this would take his focus away from Kristen and could potentially lead to a turning point where Devin, if angry and spiteful enough, could lead the danger directly to them.
Morning boys.  Ron spoke as he entered the kitchen.  Immediately sensing the tension he threw in a distraction, Did ya'll hear the screaming last night?
Both turned their attention to the man now pouring himself a cup of coffee; Yup, momma lion had her cubs last night.
You have lions here?  Devin questioned with insolence.
Of course. We're a wildlife hunting ranch.  As much of the African experience you can get less the airfare. 
Don't you think that's dangerous?
Cody where'd you find this boy?  Uncle Ron chimed up as he turned to point at Devin.  Hunting is a dangerous sport son.  That's what makes it thrilling.  Kill or be killed.  That's what makes you a man.  Until then you're just a boy in a man suit.  You wanna learn how to live?  I'll take you out this afternoon.
Uncle Ron, while I'm sure Devin appreciates the invite, we have things we need to do this afternoon.
You speaking for me now?  Devin spat out angrily.
Just figured you'd want to learn how to protect your girlfriend before going out to play.
Yup, man duties.  Ron added sarcastically.  Devin couldn't add to it so he turned to leave.  What crawled up his shorts?  Uncle Ron asked as he watched Devin storm out of the kitchen.
Shaking his head at the knowledge that today was going to be a long one, Cody mumbled low; I think I did.
Well step down boy, she ain't yers no more.
Curious how Uncle Ron knew what was going on without actually knowing, Cody unfortunately understood.  With a bit upper lip and a slight drop of his head Cody swiped his cup into his hand and walked out of the room.  Thanks for the reminder.

Chapter 8

The day was indeed a long one. Learning the territory would have been hard enough, but it was the unspoken turmoil that caused the most exhaustion.  Devin trying to secure his position as Kristen's boyfriend, Kristen trying to convey that she didn't really have feelings for Cody even though she did and Cody trying to keep his own feelings at bay while avoiding potential fights with Devin and alone moments with Kristen.  Emotionally drained, Cody was relieved to smell that Uncle Ron had fixed supper tonight as it was one less thing he'd have to do.  
As Devin grabbed a beer and Cody hung his hat and jacket on the hall tree, Kristen stood in the middle of the living room half way between the kitchen and Devin and the front door and Cody.  Feeling like she had been pulled in two directions all day she too was worn-out.  Wanting nothing more than to put her feet up and relax for a while, she looked over at Cody and found a moment where she recalled those evenings alone with him, snuggled up on the couch.  
As luck would have it, just as Cody looked over to her, Uncle Ron called out from the kitchen and asked Kristen to help set the table.  Thankful at avoiding an awkward situation and disappointed in missing one of those caring glances Kristen turned and walked into the kitchen only to see Devin already leaning back in a bar stool sucking down a cold one. 
Annoyance filled her cheeks as she recalled romantic nights at home with Devin only to be asked sweetly to get him another beer. Exhaling slowly, Kristen spread a smile across her face and walked into the kitchen to grab the dishes and silverware for Uncle Ron.  As Ron began to speak, Kristen began to wonder if her mind was playing tricks on her.  Was it really all that bad with Devin?  Was it always so great with Cody?
So how was your day litl' lady?
Exhausting, as I expected it to be.
Did the boys tell you about the baby cubs?  Ron asked with enough draw to enlighten anyone's curiosity.
No, I don't believe they did.
Cody had just walked into the kitchen when he overheard Uncle Ron regaling the mornings activities to Kristen.
...so I checked on the mamma this morning and she and the cubs were doing just fine.
Aw, they sound so cute.  I'd love to see them.
If you keep your distance and stay downwind you can go take a peek at them cute lil' babes.
We could?
In a couple days.  The mother lion really needs some alone time with them before feeling overwhelmed by a bunch of humans.
Excuse me for stating the obvious, but ain't we talkin' about wild lions?  Wouldn't that be dangerous?  Devin spoke up after a sip.
The lioness will need to eat soon and she knows we bring a freshly shot doe to her every week.
You feed the lions?
Better than them hunting the humans.  Kristen added quickly.
Actually little lady, a lion will choose a two hundred pound gazelle over a hundred pound human with a gun any day.  By feeding the lions we assure the prime hunting animals are left for the hunters.
Feeling shot down Kristen continued setting the table.  She could almost sense a smirk form on Devin's face but she was too proud to look.  Maybe she was intentionally making him out to be the bad guy?
By the end of the third day, Kristen knew exactly what her duties were going to entail and what she needed to be doing.  By now she knew her way around the facility and Cody had showed her various places he considered safe.  She was informed as to where all of the guns were hidden for protection, trained on how to use them and she was ready to take on her ranch duties alone. 
Devin had been instructed as a ranch hand and possible guide.  He'd be in charge of ranch operations, maintenance and management.  When the time presented itself he'd also lead hunts as an unofficial guide but for the most part the majority of his duties and Kristen's as well, kept them both fairly close to the lodge and for the most part, out of sight. 
Accepting their new duties and embracing their new life, Kristen and Devin worked hard to support each other in this new venture.  Granted various alone moments between Kristen and Cody led to more awkward times, but Devin was working through his issues and Kristen began to feel that there was a good chance they would work out as well. 
Although Cody wasn't necessarily pleased with the fact that those two were getting along so well for his own selfish reasons, he actually was relieved at the idea that Devin wasn't going to become a hindrance.  His evening research on Jessie kept leading him nowhere; he couldn't track the man's movements.  He had a horrible gut feeling that something was brewing and that they were being sought after, but he had no way of knowing how close they were to finding them. 
Working late into the night doing reconnaissance around the perimeter verifying everything was secure before contemplating retiring for the night, Cody found that as soon as his head hit the pillow he was out.  Always having been a light sleeper, he knew no matter how exhausted he was he could wake at the sound of a pin drop.  He also knew that he needed to keep himself well-rested and ready for anything. 
When the morning came, he was awake and showered and ready for the day long before the rest of the house began to stir.  He'd walk the perimeter, getting a feel for the day long before first light and be waiting on the porch swing when she awoke.  When she'd walk out the back door onto the deck he'd find his heartbeat skip in eager anticipation and he found himself press that excitement back down, attempting to keep his feelings at bay.
He knew he had caught glances, shared moments with Kristen the past few days but he also knew she was still very much in connection with Devin.  Having not heard a single moan or heavy breath from their room at night he wondered about their relationship status but it was his own selfish desires that made him wonder.  It's none of my business, he kept telling himself, and even though his heart wanted it to be his business, his mind pressed it back again.
That morning at breakfast Uncle Ron walked in and the first thing on Kristen's mind was the lion cubs.  Ron had told her all about them and had basically scheduled their feeding for this morning and Kristen had maneuvered her schedule to be free to go with him.  She had been looking forward to it all week so when he walked in it was the first thing out of her mouth.
Can we go see the lion cubs this morning?
Sure we can go right after breakfast.
Pleased, she looked over at Devin and asked if he wanted to go too.
Not really interested, besides, I need to get back to that job I started yesterday evening.
Just the two of us then.  Uncle Ron smiled in a coy playfully seductive dirty-old man kind of way.
Kristen knew he was just playing; that he was harmless.  She enjoyed his spirit and outlook on life.  She looked forward to some alone time with him.  Maybe she could get him to talk about Cody as a child.  However, half way through breakfast, Uncle Ron dropped his fork and grabbed at his chest.  The look of pain became obvious on his face and Kristen immediately began to panic.
He's having a heart attack!
Devin stood from the table.  Cody did as well, but was immediately pushed back by Ron who through shortened breath explained; It's just my angina.
Uncle Ron you should get that looked at.
I'll be fine. It comes on every once in a while, nothing to worry about.
It sure looks like something to worry about. Kristen insisted. 
Well it's not  nothing a little rest won't cure.
Then that's what you'll do, Cody added quick, rest.
Got too much to do today.
Too bad, you're taking some time for yourself.  One of the other ranch hands can pick up your duties.
Sure. Devin volunteered. Just let me know what needs to be done.
It's settled. I'll bring the truck around and get you back to your place.
Unable to argue, Ron just smiled at the silliness of it all and allowed Devin the opportunity to help walk him to the front door. When Cody pulled up in Ron's truck, Ron noticed the fresh deer in the back and remembered the lions.
Awe shucks, I was gonna take the pretty lady to see the cubs this morning.
Don't worry about it Uncle Ron, I can wait until you're feeling better. Kristen insisted.
Pish posh!  Them lions are gonna be hungry and we can't let this meat go bad. I'm fine.
No you are not.  Cody declared.
Yes I am.
I'll take the meat.  Cody offered.
Well then take her too.  No reason to disappoint anyone.
Determined to just get him to rest Cody accepted the task without even considering the ramifications.  As he drove off with Ron, Kristen turned to Devin and walked into his arms.
That was scary.
Let's go finish breakfast.
Slightly annoyed that after all of that he could still think about food, she realized it was a good idea and they returned into the house together.  About ten minutes later Cody walked back into the house to see Devin and Kristen doing the dishes.
Thank you for that, I would have taken care of those.
Pish, posh, Kristen half laughed at saying those words, nothing we couldn't handle.
Yes, he has his own slang, but it's one of his most endearing qualities.
Oh I love him too.  I just hadn't heard that phrase in like forever.
As they finished the dishes, Kristen clapped her hands together, Lion cubs are waiting!
Cody however, realized they were going to be by themselves and quickly tried to save the potential awkwardness. Devin, you can join us.
No thanks, you two go ahead.
Kristen suddenly knew what was going on and she found herself largely attracted to Devin for his ability to trust her; that his jealousy hadn't arose.  She went to him and gave him a great big hug and kiss. Go on, have fun.  He said as he smacked her on the butt.  Turning back to him with a demure look upon her face, she seemed to say in an expression, just you wait until tonight.
Kristen was feeling good about the situation, and as she climbed into the truck she was getting excited about their venture.  As the truck bounced along the dusty pathway leading towards the back end of the property, Cody kept glancing over at Kristen whose attention was focused on the landscape; taking in all of the sights.  He was finally going to be alone with her and even though he hadn't planned it, he was looking forward to this time together.
Slowing to a stop just shy of the ridge, Kristen looked over at Cody who put the truck in park.
What's going on? 
I need you to drive. I'm going to get out and push the deer carcass off the tailgate as you drive by the feeder just over the ridge.  Then keep going around the curve to the brush over the next ridge.  That's where we can stop.
We're doing a drive-by?
You don't just stop with fresh meat in the middle of a pack of wild lions.  You drop it on your way through.
Ah.  Kristen spoke suddenly realizing that this could actually be dangerous.  Fortunately, she thought, I'm with Cody.
Out of practice at driving a stick shift, when she put the truck into drive it jerked to start. Quickly looking back to check on Cody standing in the bed of the truck, he gave her a thumbs up all's clear and she kept driving at a slow steady speed.  As she neared the feeder she slowed, eying the rear view mirror watching Cody roll the deer carcass out of the back then tap the edge of the truck so she could pick up the speed. 
Once she got over the other ridge, Cody leaned over to the side window and directed her to the brush.  You can park just over there.
When she stepped out of the truck, her blood sped up.  Anticipation and excitement filled with adrenaline and she was flush with eagerness at this rare sighting of lion cubs and danger.  They quietly tip-toed to the bushes and crouched down, then waited in silence for a long few minutes.  Cody then pointed through a clearing, directing Kristen's attention at the two baby cubs just now bounding forward, eager to get to the meat. 
Kristen breathed out a sighed 'awe' when Cody's hand tapped a finger onto her lips.  Realizing she shouldn't be making any noise, she sat back against Cody as she took in the sights.  The baby lion cubs were incredibly cute the way they bounced on top of each other playfully, then rolled to the side as if they were giving up right away.  Their paws were huge compared to their little faces and Kristen could see in them that they were going to grow up to be incredibly large animals.
The cubs ran straight for the deer, taking the first bite and yanking with all their might to break a chunk free.  She watched with delight as this whole scene took place, then Cody placed his hand on her shoulder and directed her attention right, to where the mama lion was meandering into view.
The lioness was huge.  Even from this distance Kristen could see the enormous stature of this beast.  Cody whispered in her ear some of the statistics; she weighs a little over 300 pounds is four and a half feet long; Kristen was in awe.  As she watched the lioness approach the carcass with such strong finesse she witnessed the cubs all scatter to her left and lay down as if they instinctively knew she was going to eat first. 
Not quite sure what she expected to see, when the lioness ripped the first bloody piece of flesh from the body Kristen had to look away.  Cody placed his hands on her shoulders to comfort her, then slowly found himself slide his hands and arms across the front of her pulling her into his chest.  As Kristen's torso leaned against his like the back of a chair, he held her tight; he couldn't help but want to continue.  The aroma of her perfume wafted into his nose tantalizing his senses.  That was when the second lioness approached.
Kristen sat up again, focusing her attention on the second lioness, wondering if there was going to be a fight, but calmed when the second lioness just propped down opposite the first and began to eat as well.  She was amazed at how they worked together, it was like a family eating at a dinner table, albeit without table manners and with the children at a table across the room.  It truly was an amazing sight but her attention was soon drawn inward when she felt Cody touch her again. 
Sliding his hands so slowly and so delicately over her shoulders and arms, she felt his touch and her body warmed. It was just a touch, just skin, but there was something about the touch, how it was almost a touch but almost not.  It was enough to make her shiver, and that was when she felt his lips softly kiss the back of her shoulder.  A strong tingling feeling shot through her body.  It consumed her.  Her lips forgot how to move and her voice forgot how to speak.  She shuddered. 
Her body let him touch her, it needed this feeling, this touch of genuine love whether her mind wanted it or not.  She wanted it, yet she didnt, and as she struggled with these feelings he slid the straps of her tank top off of her shoulders where they hung loosely over her arms.  Feeling so vulnerable and yet so consumed by the moment; when he kissed her shoulders and held her just a little bit tighter, she let him.  Not a word had been said but so much was being communicated. Kristen closed her eyes and allowed herself to feel all of these emotions again, hoping the darkness of her mind would be hiding place enough for the guilt that tried to surface.
The moment was so sensual, so invigorating, she never wanted it to end and then wondered what would happen if it didn't.  Not really wanting to think about the other man in her life, Kristen kept trying to ignore her guilt.  Wanting, desiring to stay in the moment, she silently wished it were this easy always.  As her body quivered from his loving touch, conflicting emotions kept her head in check.  She wanted him, she knew this, she could imagine being with him forever, and yet even with every ounce of her being desiring him, with every inclination to stay in this moment, she knew in her head she needed to pull herself free from this potential moment of ecstasy.
Kristen felt Codys warm hands slowly slide around to her torso and he pulled himself closer to her.  He was still kissing her shoulders, loving on her in the most tender way possible, and as easily as she could let herself open to this situation completely, allowing him to continue, she knew she couldnt let him.  Opening her eyes, in a yielding unwanting manner, Kristen slowly lifted her gaze to that of the scenery before her and as she looked out onto the field, she realized the scene had changed. 
The lion cubs were gone. They had moved to the far right of the first lioness and were crouched down hiding.  The mother lion was standing ahead of them, looking in the direction of Kristen and Cody with an angry glare.  Realizing the lioness had the look of an irate spectator; it occurred to Kristen, that the second lioness was nowhere to be found.
An immediate jolt of panic shot through Kristen's body as she let loose a quiet gasp; a mild terror building in a rush.  Yet Cody feeling this, believed in his head it was her need to withdrawal due to guilt and so he tried to calm her.  He kissed her ear, his warm breath enveloped her yet it had ceased its endearing effects.  Knowing he was unaware of the danger they were being faced with, Kristen knew she had to gain his attention, carefully.
Cody.  Kristen whispered as quietly as she could.  But in Cody's mind it was a plea to stop that he was sure he could talk her out of.  
Shhh.  He quietly shushed into her ear, kissing it again trying to keep her in the moment.  Not realizing that the shudder from her body was not from him, Kristen whispered again this time with a bit of terror behind her trembling voice.
Cody.  
Realizing that the moment was fleeting past them, Cody opened his eyes to see Kristen frozen, looking straight ahead and he too averted his eyes in that direction.  Spotting the second lioness, crouched low and slowly, quietly, stalking in their direction, he immediately realized the danger they were in. 
Dont move.
I figured that part.
Catching the lioness's eyes Cody realized they had been targeted.  The lioness stopped her advance, crouching low. Grabbing Kristen's hand, he gave her silent, motionless direction.  She seemed to know that he was giving her directions and she was eager to learn what his plan was. 
Attention stuck on the lioness, Kristen observed the lions hind end as it began slowly, meticulously, wiggling back and forth as she prepared for a pounce.  Worried that they weren't going to react quickly enough she squeezed Cody's hand fearing time was fastly running out.  Catching his slow steady rise to his feet, Kristen watched through her peripheral vision as Cody and the lioness's eyes locked onto each other.  Eyes still secured on the lioness, Kristen noticed the lions hind end stopped wiggling.  The lioness stilled.  Glancing up to Cody now rising to full stature, he looked massive.  He was a large masculine man with a massively muscular body but he had never looked quite so powerful.  His eyes were locked onto the lioness, his jaws seemed larger, bolder, his expression seemed to be telling the lioness something, and silently, Kristen realized he was saying something.  He was warning the lion.  He was suddenly as powerful looking as a full sized male lion, the king of the pride, the leader; and the lioness, astonishingly, backed down.
Stepping one step backwards, and to the side, she growled, her eyes showed anger and submissiveness all at once. Kristen then felt Cody pull her hand upwards, slowly pulling her to her feet.  Slowly carefully, she stood, staying low, keeping her eyes on the lioness who now was laying still, not more than fifty feet away, still close enough to attack and win long before they could get to the truck.  With a maximum speed of fifty miles per hour and the ability to rush their prey using quick bursts, even at a passive position, Kristen knew they could be caught. 
Glancing back at Cody again, his eyes were still focused on the submissive lioness.  He was standing his ground, so strong, with such presence.  His manner imbued a presence so intense, not even Kristen was willing to question his actions; not that she would.  Feeling him pull her hand left, she realized he was slowly directing her to the truck. Afraid to move yet confident she should, she returned her gaze to the lioness. 
Don't look at her, look at the truck. Focus on your intended target.
It was as if he were training her, still.  Teaching her the most important lesson yet; survival.  As she slowly stepped left and carefully took each step backwards, she noticed the lioness's attention peak.  Suddenly feeling like the threat was now focused on her, Kristen froze. Pulling at her hand keeping her moving, Kristen watched and listened as Cody kept his penetrating gaze focused on the lion and then released a low deep warning growl. 
It was a primal rumble emitting from his throat and the lioness seemed to react to it fearfully.  Dropping her head to the ground she lay motionless as Kristen made it to the truck, then watched as Cody too began descending backwards.  The lioness was still laying on the ground, head down, when Cody slammed the truck door closed and whirred the truck to life.  Lifting her head and pointing her ears curiously, she and the others scurried off as the truck popped into gear.
A couple silent minutes ticked by and a couple miles down the road before Cody pulled the truck over, put it in park and stepped out. Taking a long deep exhale and dropping his head down.  Kristen knew he knew what he had done.  He had dropped his guard to be with her and in turn put the both of them in danger.  Breaking his first cardinal rule, she knew he was penalizing himself.  Angry that he had put the both if them in such danger she knew she should be more aggravated with him.  She was here for protection and he led her directly into a life-threatening situation, and yet, she asked for it.  She wanted to be here, she wanted to see the cubs, she was eager for it.
Then something else occurred to her, she didn't stop him when he touched her.  She didn't protest when his hands grazed her arms, or his lips kissed her shoulders.  She welcomed it.  He was only doing what they both wanted and she was as much at fault for the situation as he.  
Climbing back into the truck, Cody turned to Kristen and in regular bodyguard form and spoke, Are you okay
Fine.
I'm sorry.
Don't be.
I put you in a terrible position.
No you didn't.
Cody looked at her feeling she wasn't understanding his hidden intention.  He meant that in two ways but more for the second than the first.  Yes he had put her in danger but he had also put her in a position where she had to choose which man she intended to be with.  He didn't want her to be forced into anything she wasn't ready for, he didn't want to share and he didn't want her to have to decide when she wasnt ready.
No harm was done.  Kristen assured him casually as she turned her head to the window, then dropped her gaze to the ground.  Cody realized she had made up her mind on the subject, decided her position and interjected carefully the fact that she was not willing to deal with it.  Even though he would have preferred resolution right then, he understood her position and dropped the subject.


Who will Kristen choose?  But more importantly, when is danger going to arrive and will the three of them be enough to combat it?  Find out in Her Guarded Desire  the full version, here on Smashwords today. 

www.KathleensBooks.com

Spoiler: The lions make another debut in the second half but this time a thrashing is sure to ensue and someone doesnt survive!.  


About the Author: 



Kathleen J. Shields is a highly imaginative and extremely dedicated, hard working individual. She runs her own website and graphics design company, Kathleens-Graphics, and has published various books; from fully-illustrated rhyming stories for ages 4 and up, children's chapter books for ages 8 and up, young adult stories, a Christian tale and has plans for a more romantic mysteries as well.	

Kathleen has been writing since she was twelve years old.  Feeling her own creativity was more exciting that what she could find on television, Kathleen wrote all through high school.  She wrote short stories and poetry for years; both for fun and for hire in custom greeting cards and for local speaking engagements. She enjoys sharing her stories and talking with children and adults about how they too can write if they put their mind to it. 

She has also started a blog with inspirational and educational posts both regarding her endeavors as an author as well as a business woman and Christian.  Her views are always light-hearted and thought-provoking and are intended to get the reader thinking.

Her fully-illustrated rhyming childrens stories, the Hamilton Troll Adventures, are inspirational as well as educational.   These stories are engaging and amusing and provide informative descriptions of various animal characteristics, vocabulary words and definitions, all while incorporating real-life situations that young children can face. Each story introduces at least one additional character, presents new obstacles to overcome, teaches something new, all while imparting a positive impression.  

This is a terrific series for bedtime stories and young readers, as well as readers who are young at heart.

For more information about the author, the various books she has written and plans to write, please visit: www.KathleensBooks.com and follow her blog at kathleenjshields.wordpress.com
