

Tale of Royals

By
H. K. Masara




Foreword

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either a product of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be constructed as real. Any resemblance to actual people living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author except in the case of brief quotation embodied in critical articles and reviews.


Acknowledgments

Book 1: The two kings
For Dylan and Naomi who helped me with some of the weirdest ideas and coming up with the names of the books.

Book 2: The Heir
For Fiona who helped me with some fascinating ideas for this book. And for Tichaona and Kelvin who gave me encouragement and my mother and siblings for their understanding and support.







Book One:
The Two Kings










ONE
Martina woke up with a start. Sweat balls fell down her forehead and she breathed heavily. This would make it the third time she had had the same nightmare. She placed a hand over her chest and felt her heart beat furiously. It was only just a bad dream, she had told herself the first time but the more she had the terrible dream the more it became real. Martina reached over for a cup of water and drank it in huge gulps as she thought it would help her calm down. It was still far from dawn and she needed to get back to sleep or else she would wake up sleep deprived. A part of her dreaded having the dream for the fourth time but she lay back and closed her eyes.
It was a warning; there was no other explanation to its repetition. She sighed as she thought how difficult it was going to be falling asleep again. For how long was she going to keep it a secret? She just wished her fears would not be confirmed. Telling anyone would bring about serious repercussions and consequences. She had lived with this for many years now and knew better than to trust anyone with her secret. She remembered the day as if it were yesterday. It was never to be known who she really was or where she came from. Martina took a deep breath and opened her eyes and closed them. Although it took a while she finally managed to fall asleep.
It was already light outside by the time she woke up. She went about her chores as usual. Her tiny cabin lay at the edge of the forest near the small town of Essecass. Throughout her chores her mind kept racing back to the nightmare she kept having. She took out all her anxieties and frustrations on cleaning such that by midday her cabin was sparkling clean.
Martina, a voice came from outside.
Oh Irene, I was not expecting you, Martina said.
Irene looked at Martina in concern. And said, we were supposed to go to the market place together, remember?
Oh.
Are you alright Martina? Irene asked, you look troubled.
I am fine.
Its the nightmare again, is it not? Irene asked as she put a caring hand over Martinas shoulder.
Let it not matter much.
It might help if you tell me what it is about
NO, Martina snapped.
Irene looked at her in surprise. Never had sweet and quiet Martina ever snapped at her before. Martina saw the hurt look on her friends face and sighed. Guilt overcame her and she apologized to her friend, I am sorry Irene. I did not intend to speak harshly to you.
Irene sat down and motioned for her to sit next to her. She sat slowly as if not sure about what she was doing. 
Martina, we have been friends for many years but never have you told me about your past. About your past and where you come from I have respected that but
And you still need to respect that, she said and took her friends hand into hers, especially when the truth can hurt you.
What do you mean?
It better stay in the past or someone is going to get hurt.
Irene knew better than to argue further. It was evident Martina had no intention of telling her about her past. Everything about her was a secret and Irene could not help wonder why it was so. Martinas past really had to be horrid from what she gathered. Irene knew her friend meant well but deep down it only aroused her curiosity. Her mind took her nineteen years ago. Irene had been out collecting flowers for her ill father when she met Martina. Martina only just a girl then, looked rugged and sick like she had been travelling from a faraway place. She had taken her home and fed her. Something in Martinas eyes told her she had been through an ordeal.
Martina tapped on Irenes shoulder.
Im sorry; I let myself get consumed by my thoughts. I have to go, Irene said.
Irene stood up and as she was about to open the door Martina called out to her and said, Irene, thank you. I am honored to have a friend like you.
Why do you speak that way?
It is nothing.
Are you leaving?
It can be so.
Where will you go? Why? I do not understand, Irene expressed in shock.
One day you will dear friend and you will know why I kept my past a secret, she spoke sadly.
Are you coming back?
I hope so.
With that Irene left and walked back into town biting back the tears that welled up in her eyes. Over the years the two had become more than just friends but sisters. They had always looked out for each other. Now there was a possibility they would never see each other again. Irene turned and looked at her friends cabin which she now saw from a distance and smiled. a soft murmur told her they would meet again however long it would take but they would be reunited.
Meanwhile in her cabin Martina packed the few possessions and provisions she had stored up into her sack. Amongst these was an old emerald ring which she had not worn for many years. It glowed in the light making the stone a beautiful green. She would wait for sunset before embarking on the journey that would alter the very course of everything. No one had to see her leave or even know she had left. All this hiding had made her paranoid; just as she had come so would she leave. Deep down she had known the time would finally come when her destiny called. 
It was time to go and visit a former ally. Just as it had been foretold one day she would seek out her foe and become allies once more. Although the years had worn out some of the anger and hatred, she still felt agitated. It would be three days walk to the forest of Nathram.
                                                *********
Ardoh felt a strange sensation, one that was all too familiar and almost forgotten. He felt it flow through his veins. Only one person made him feel this way. A flash of anger crossed his face and disappeared. How dare she seek him out after everything that was said and done? She was close and he could feel her presence become closer and closer. He sat waiting, prepared for anything but something was wrong. He felt she had grown weak and diminished. 
                                                *********  
Martina sighed as she entered the deepest part of the forest where Ardohs fortress lay. She knew he felt her coming because she could also feel his unease and discomfort. Events were starting to unfold themselves and soon the inevitable would come to pass unless they changed it. After a long walk it was almost sun set when she reached her destination. The door opened suddenly and there in the dim light stood Ardoh. He had not changed much. He still kept his white hair short and his skin was never paler. His eyes burned with rage and fury and she knew he was not pleased by her unexpected visit.
You, he spat out.
Relax Ardoh, I do not wish to start a fight. I am not enjoying this either so I suggest you let me in and hear me out, she treaded carefully with her words.
It would not help her cause angering him all over again. Ardoh allowed her entry reluctantly and shut the door behind them. She sat down on a bench but he still kept his guard and remained standing.
Why are you here? he demanded.
I need your help, she confessed almost indistinctly.
He looked at her in shock. Never had he expected her to ask such of him. 
I do not trust you, he said bluntly.
I know, I am not asking you to trust me but it is time. It is finally happeningsoon, she replied.
You have changed, he said, I can feel your weakness
You knew I wasnt dead.
It was more of a statement than a question.
Unlike many, you do not deceive me Demetris
Do not call me that, she spat viciously, it is Martina now.
You will always be who you are dear child. You cannot fight what is in you and that is my blood that flows through your veins, Ardoh said spitefully.
Martina shivered in fury, how he dare mention that. He might be her father but she was nothing like him. In fact she resented that fact so much that it was the reason everything was happening the way it was. 
Calm down child. We both know what happens when our kind get angry. Even if you betrayed me I will help you. One cannot forget his own flesh and blood.
Martina explained to him the dreams she had been having. Ardoh listened attentively as she spoke. When she had finished he looked at her and smiled.
Why does this not seem to bother you, she asked.
Because it is fate my child
No, we cannot allow this to happen. Do you not realize the danger, it has to be stopped, she pleaded with him.
Sometimes I wonder if you will ever understand that we cannot alter the future. If it is set to happen let it be, he said.
No, if you do not help me I will do it myself even if it is the last thing I do, she stood up and crossed over to the door, father.
She had never ceased to grab any opportunity to disappoint him. After all he thought he had raised her better. Sometimes he wondered how she could possibly be his daughter. They had so many differences.
You did not listen to me Demetris, now you suffer the consequences. It is your fault all this is unraveling, he shouted.
She stopped dead in her tracks. It seared through her heart. It was true, it was all her fault. That was why she had to stop it from taking place. Martina turned and faced him and saw that underneath all the pain and hatred was concern and love. She was his only daughter, the one who had inherited and carried his legacy. 
I know, she answered in almost a whisper.
You should have never trusted Ballant and that good-for-nothing queen of his, look what they did to you.
I must go there.
And get yourself killed this time, do not be a fool.
What do you suggest?
Wait, the time to intervene will present itself, he replied assertively.
Martina could not help believe his words and find comfort in them. It was happening as foretold. Father and child would be as one forsaking their anger and differences to unite and fight as one. 
Then I shall resume residence in my old quarters, she said and left the room. 
Ardoh feared for her, for she did not know half the story. He had noticed she no longer wore her ring. Maybe that was why her sight was returning. She had not worn the ring for many years explaining the dreams. It had been made to give her strength to control her powers or they would consume her. How she had managed to overcome them without the ring remained a mystery to him. Maybe she was not as weak as she seemed. If she could control such power then maybe she could stop the following events from occurring.
                                             










TWO
Dramon looked out over the balcony of his palace. From there he could see how far his kingdom stretched. Still he remained dissatisfied with what he had. He wanted more, to rule the entire land. His army was the most feared in the whole realm including the kingdom of Jarethafat ruled by King Ballant. Jarethafat lay in the east and he had yet to conquer it and those in the midden and northern tribes. His kingdom stretched from the west to the south, the largest of them all. Although most of the land was covered in mountains and deep woods he was still the ruler of the largest and most feared kingdom of Damius.
Dramon was a great warrior whose fighting skills were widely spoken of. He was quite intimidating even to look at. Dramon who was a very tall man always made those in his presence feel so small. He had long dark hair and big dark eyes that could pierce through ones eyes. He was a strong man of thew. Up until that moment he had not feared a thing. As he looked at his kingdom he realized he would need an heir to rule it when he was deceased. It was true he was not young and had not had much luck in winning the hearts of maidens. 
He had not had the time, with him being busy concentrating on extending his kingdom and raiding nearby settlements owned by other kingdoms. Now he stood wondering what would become of his empire if he were to die without an heir to take in his footsteps.
You seem troubled sire, Raphael, his most faithful aide and servant said.
A rare sight, isnt it Raphael? he said.
Indeed sire, his servant responded.
Call me Ezeck. I will see him in my counsel hall, Dramon said and walked away.
When Ezeck entered Dramon was sitting on his throne with a worried look on his face. He did not even look up at Ezeck when he came in but just kept staring in to the open space. A lot of things seemed to be eating his mind. 
You summoned me my king, Ezeck said with a slight bow.
I have had sleepless nights, he began, I fear for the future of my kingdom.
His adviser looked at him in understanding. He knew what troubled his king and where their conversation was going. It was time King Dramon found himself a bride to bear him children. 
I will see what I can do sire, Ezeck said, I will find you a bride.
Not just any, he warned, she has to be of noble birth. We have appearance to keep
Yes sire
I was not finished, he roared.
Pardon your servant my king.
King Dramon was in a very horrid mood from the tone in which he spoke with. He was usually calm but bold. His mood that day was unpredictable. 
Go on.
Did his majesty have someone in mind?
Dramon was quiet for some time deliberating on the question. Yes he did have someone in mind, someone who was an heir to a kingdom he so very much wanted for himself. Their union would open an opportunity for him to do exactly as he pleased. He would have it to take and dissolve into his own thereby extending his kingdom further. Ezeck waited patiently and saw a wicked smile appear on Dramons face.
Yes my friend and her name is Princess Tabetha.
Well thought of sire. I will start preparation to send word to King Ballant.
You may leave then, he ordered.
Ezeck gave a bow and left the room. He knew exactly the reason why he had chosen Princess Tabetha even though he was old enough to be her father. Meanwhile Dramon sat thinking of what would happen if this union succeeded. Not only would it unite the two rival kingdoms but the child born of their marriage would be more powerful than anyone could imagine.
                                              ********
Tabetha wake up, Ruby said as she drew the curtains to the windows.
Go away, she said sleepily.
Such ill-fitting behavior for a crown princess, Ruby said with a laugh.
Tabetha woke up reluctantly and dragged her feet to the wash basin. In no time with the help of loyal and faithful maidservant Ruby she was dressed and ready for the day.
At times I wonder why I have to do all this, she complained endlessly.
Because you are the crown princess, Ruby answered calmly each time.
I just want to be free. Free to do as I please without guards watching my every move, she complained further.
It is required.
Aargh.
Tabetha went outside to feel the sun. She loved the outdoors and nature. She would often go pick some flowers and ride to the rivers where she would listen to the smooth flow of the water. Her father had taught her to embrace natures gifts with a deep appreciation. She went hunting with him some of the times and had started her defense classes with one of her fathers great fighters Nicolay. He was the best in the whole court and her father adored his great strength and perseverance.
Good morning, my lady.
Good morning Pete, she replied happily.
A magnitude of people loved the princess and knew she would make a great queen one day when she had overcome her childhood haughtiness. Tabetha went for the stables and mounted her horse and rode out of the castle walls. Although she had been warned not to leave unattended she was stubborn. She loved the way the wind hit her face and the smell of wild flowers. From a distance she could hear the gallops of another horse following close behind and she pulled the reigns to stop her horse. To her relief it was Ruby and not one of her guards trying to drag her back to the castle.
You almost gave me a fright, she scolded her.
I apologize but you should never have left me.
What are you doing following me?
I had a hunch you would try to sneak out plus if I remember well it is my duty, Ruby replied.
Tabetha gave a laugh and expressed, you know too well.
At that moment she let out a terrible scream as if she felt unimaginable pain. Tabetha fell from her horse and landed on the hard ground with a thud. Her hands were held against her head and she wriggled on the dirty earth screaming. Ruby jumped off her horse and ran to her mistress. Ruby shook her but Tabetha did not respond but kept screaming. 
Princess, she yelled.
For a moment Tabetha went dead still and her eyes opened. She stared into the sky without moving or even blinking. Ruby knew this scenario all too well, this was not the first time she had witnessed the princess go into one of her attacks. After a while Tabetha gave a cough and sat up.
How did I get down here? she asked
It happened again, Ruby replied in worry.
I remember now. I heard voices of a woman pleading, begging and a man, she recounted slowly.
Is it the same woman as before?
She only managed to nod her head in agreement. With a sigh Ruby helped her to her feet and wiped the dust off her face.
You see princess, you should not be alone, Ruby scolded her.
Oh do not start. Besides it has been a while since I have had the visions, I thought they had stopped, she paused, do you think I am insane?
Goodness no, I think there is a plausible explanation to it all.
Then let us be on our way.
They mounted their horses and rode back to the castle. They did not speak along the way. King Ballant ran to the doors as soon as he heard his daughter run up the staircase. He opened the door before she could put her hand on the knob. Tabetha stopped abruptly as she continued to breathe heavily.
Father!
Tabetha you dare disobey me, again?
I was just having fun, she said.
You had me worried. These are dangerous times my dear, you know there is the possibility of an attack by King Dramon. I heard he is sending a messenger due to arrive at dusk, he warned and walked back to his chambers.
She just made a face and went to her own chambers. She was not concerned in these matters, they rather bore her. Tabetha disliked it when he scolded her as if she were still a child. She was of age and soon would be ready to find herself a suitor. Her father loved her she knew but he had to accept she was no longer a child. She suddenly felt hungry and yearned for something to eat. Maybe after her meal she would visit her mother who had recently taken ill. It troubled her that she was nothing like her mother Queen Deidre. They did not share any resemblance nor had she inherited some of her attributes. Maybe she took after her father, she thought. Either way she loved both her parents and could not wish for any other.
That evening as they sat to dine, Perth her fathers aide came in with news that the messenger had arrived. He whispered it into the kings ear and left the room. King Ballant excused himself from the table and stood to take leave.
Is everything alright? Queen Deidre asked. 
He did not respond but left the room in a hurry as he followed Perth to the hall. There he met King Dramons messenger who wore the black, the royal color of Damius. The messenger was hooded as so Dramon preferred all his warriors be. 
A message from King Dramon of Damius to King Ballant of Jarethafat, the messenger said with a bow.
King Ballant had feared this moment for a long time but knew there was no avoiding it. It was a message of impending war, it had to be. Dramon was finally going to attack his beloved kingdom. He needed to ready his army and tighten defenses around the castle. His mind raced here and there as sweat balls emanated on his forehead. He also needed new recruitment to beat the large numbers of the Damian army. The Damian army was skilled and well trained just like the man who stood in front of him awaiting a response for his king. The man was no mere messenger, maybe an assassin. 
The message written had to be important for Dramon to send one of his warriors instead of an ordinary messenger. And no message could more important than that of war. It had to be an ultimatum, he was sure. The messenger cleared his throat having seen that King Ballant had lost himself in his thoughts. 
What message do you bring? he asked.
The messenger handed him the sealed parchment and stepped backwards as a sign of respect. King Ballant sighed and broke the seal and opened the letter slowly. His mouth dropped in both shock and relief as he read the contents of the message. After he had finished he looked at the messenger and back at the parchment. It could not be.
Tell your master I will deliberate on it, he finally said and waved a dismissive hand.
The messenger left and Queen Deidre was waiting outside the room. She ran towards her husband only to find him looking very troubled and pale. He kept his eyes fixed on the parchment that held the message that had left him dumbfounded.
What is it? she asked, is it an ultimatum?
He shook his head slowly and said, it is more than that.
Is it war?
No, King Dramon has sent word that he wishes to ask for Tabethas hand, he finally said after a brief silence.
Deidre gasped in disbelief, why?
I do not know, it says he will ride here in seven days to formalize the engagement, Ballant replied.
But you have not agreed
Do you think Dramon cares? I fear it is either we agree to it or he will wage war on us.
Queen Deidre went and knelt at her husbands feet and took his hands into hers. Tabetha was all they had and they could not marry her off to King Dramon. Considering she was crown princess, then it would mean Jarethafat would be his. A thought hit her and she realized why he was eager to marry Tabetha. For so long he had wanted their kingdom and this was a way of getting it. 
It is a way of obtaining Jarethafat, she hissed.
I believe so, but I have always known him to use war to get what he wants. I never expected this from him.
You cannot allow him to marry her, she said as she snatched the parchment from him.
I cannot risk war.
But your own daughter
It has to be done. Then we will have the kingdom of Damius as an ally, he reasoned.
She threw his hands away and stood up. Her hands were curled up in fists, expressing her fury and disapproval. Why would Ballant take the easy way out? They could not just bow down at every one of Dramons demands. King Dramon was a bully who took pleasure in toying around with other peoples lives. She threw her hands in the air and shouted, after all I risked and did so that we could have her, and you decide to marry her off to Dramon of all people. Where is your heart Ballant
He rose with a violent start and moved towards her. She moved a few steps backwards knowing she had provoked him and opened up old wounds. 
I will send you to the dungeons if you dare mention that ever, he warned as he breathed heavily.
Forgive my indiscretions my king, I will go and inform her of her suitor. I will also see to it that preparations are under way for our guests arrival, she said and left the room having kissed his hand in submission.
Queen Deidre knocked gently on Tabethas door. Form inside she heard her daughters shout and she opened the door. Tabetha sat on a stool and Ruby was brushing her hair. The Queen looked ill at ease and weary.
Let me Ruby, she said as she took the brush from the servants hand.
Ruby curtsied and left the room.
Mother, it is so rare of you to visit. To what do I owe the pleasure of your visit? Tabetha asked with a smile.
I love you dear child, she began, I will miss your presence here terribly.
Tabetha failed to understand what the Queen meant. What did her mother mean by her words? Queen Deidre saw her confusion and went on to tell her daughter about her arranged marriage to King Dramon. Tabetha broke into tears. She could not imagine having to wed a man she had heard nothing but terrible things about plus he was too old for her. When she had given thought about her suitor she had imagined someone younger and kind. The Queen comforted her as she cried and let out the sorrow that suddenly gripped her.
I do not want to marry him, he is evil, she said in between sobs.
Hush child, King Dramon is a great warrior and leader. I am sure he will find ways to make you happy, Queen Deidre said.
Oh mother.
All will be well child, now get some rest. You will be alright after a good nights sleep.
Queen Deidre kissed Tabetha on the forehead and tucked her in. After she had made sure Tabetha was comfortable she left for her own chambers. Alone in her chambers the princess wept softly about her misfortune. Why would her father agree to such an arrangement? Was she not their only child and the heir to the throne? She felt devastated and hopeless. She knew nothing she did or said would change her fathers mind. Tabetha had heard many terrifying and horrid things that King Dramon did and she did not fancy being his queen. How did her mother expect her to sleep when she felt such sadness and weary?
                                              **********
Word reached King Ballants ear that King Dramon and his envoy had set camp close by and would be arriving at noon the following day. Everyone was in frenzy and last minute touches were made to ensure everything was perfect. Queen Deidre waited patiently until it was dark to ride out of the castle gates. She urged her horse to run as fast as its hooves could carry it. It was a while before she came upon King Dramons campsite. She left her horse in the woods and walked silently towards hi tent. She stopped by at the entrance and took off her hood to reveal her identity. The guards bowed and let her in.
Inside King Dramon sat as if he was expecting her to show up. He looked at her as she entered and a grin played around his lips, that of triumph.
Well, well, well, look what we have here, he said as he stood up and moved closer to her, still beautiful I see.
You have such nerve Dramon, she spat out.
If you cant have the mother, better have the daughter, he whispered provocatively in her ear.
I would have never married you
He laughed out loudly and walked over to the table where he poured himself some water and took one huge gulp. He looked at her and studied her expression and gave another laugh.
What do you find so humorous?
The fact that I was not referring to you, he paused, after all you are not her mother. Tell me Deidre, what do you think I would have done with a barren woman like you?
Queen Deidre raised her hand to slap him but he caught it before it hit him in the face. He tightened his grip on her hand and she winced. She tried to fight but he was too strong for her and she gave up. 
Careful, he warned.
How dare you? she was almost in tears.
You should not have done what you did back then, he answered.
II, she stammered.
You killed her and you will pay one of these days, he said, and this I promise you.
He let go of her hand and motioned for her to leave. She looked at him in disdain and left the tent. Dramon smiled to himself and basked in the moment. Soon he would get the revenge he craved, he could feel it. 
Later on Queen Deidre settled in her chambers feeling tired and very angry. So this was what it was all about. Dramon was only interested in taking his revenge on Ballant and her. She needed to make her husband see reason that marriage between Dramon and Tabetha would be the end of his reign. The past was slowly coming back to haunt them. Even if Tabetha was not her biological daughter she still loved and cared for her. Dramon had to be stopped even if it meant killing him. But how to do it would be the problem, he was a powerful man with a very strong and deadly army at his disposal.



THREE
I wonder what he looks like, Tabetha said to her maidservant.
I have never set eyes on him, but from what I have heard he is a very big man with strong
Ruby!
I was just saying princess.
I cannot say I understand why my father is in support of this, she said in a puzzled tone.
Ruby tried all she could to reassure her that her father probably knew what was best. It would have been inevitable to be married off one day. Even the words of comfort from her most loyal maid failed to soothe and do her good. She could not get herself to smile, everything seemed gloomy. King Dramon would be arriving any minute and she needed to put on her best smile. She went into the great hall to join the people gathered waiting to welcome their guest. Like her the looks on her parents faces spoke of great sadness and weary.
She exchanged glances with them and Queen Deidre could see the pleading in her watery eyes. At that moment the trumpets were heard and the doors opened and in entered King Dramon. The whole room went quiet as he walked in graciously. No one dared make a sound because his presence was so intimidating and filled the whole hall. His velvet black robes made of rich fabric swept the floor as he walked.
Dramon, King Ballant broke the silence.
Ballant, his voice filled the whole room such that it made echoes, you look good.
It was obvious there was no love lost between the two kings. Whatever pleasantries they spoke were to keep up appearances. King Dramon moved over to Queen Deidre and took her hand into his and kissed it.
You are growing more beautiful by the years my lady, he said.
I am taken aback by your kind words, she replied half-heartedly.
King Dramon gaze fell on Tabetha and she gave a weak smile. The expression on his face softened for a second. He recognized those eyes, he had never forgotten them. They were exactly like her mothers; but in those gorgeous eyes he saw despair, dread and restlessness. She kept her gaze on him without blinking. Tabetha expressed shock at what she saw. She could not possibly marry this man. 
You are as pretty as they say you are, he finally said and kissed her hand.
You look exactly as they said.., she paused when the Queen nudged her, I am flattered.
He smiled and turned back to face King Ballant. He signaled to one of his men who came running. 
Bring the gifts, he demanded.
Men with heavy chests incrusted with silver and gold walked in. Each man placed his horde at King Ballants feet and backed away with a bow. 
I bring gifts with me, King Dramon said with an evil look in his eyes.
That is very thoughtful of you, I accept your gifts warmly, King Ballant replied reluctantly.
Later on in the evening as they sat to dine Tabetha could feel his piercing gaze on her and she dared not look up, afraid their eyes would meet. She sat looking straight at the plate of food in front of her. He was terrifying as it is without having to look at him. He did not even touch his food but only drank the wine offered to him by Raphael. He sat staring at her. Tabetha was more than pleased when they finished dining and she was allowed to excuse herself. King Dramon retired to his designated chambers with Ezeck and Raphael following close behind. King Ballant paid him a visit a while after and found King Dramon telling them his plans for the morrow.
Excuse us, King Dramon said.
They bowed and left, closing the doors behind them. The two kings left alone could now express their true feelings for each other. King Dramon stood up and the two stood face to face. Fire burned in his eyes and he breathed heavily.
What do you want?
Tabetha, said King Dramon ignoring the question, looks so much like her motherthose eyes.
Is that why you are here?
Let us not forget you took her away from me Ballant, he spat out fiercely.
No, she ran away from your savagery, King Ballant replied.
Because you had fed her with your pathetic lies and vain promises; she was young and innocent and you fooled her
Oh please
You ruined all my plans and got her killed. I will never forgive you and Deidre for that.
Now that I see why you want to marry my daughter, I refuse to give her hand to you.
Then believe me when I say I shall find other ways to get what I want. Clearly you underestimate me, like you have always done. I have been nothing but lenient with you Ballant and that can easily change, Dramon said in menace and opened the door for King Ballant to leave.
King Ballant left but before he left he turned and said to King Dramon, tomorrow be ready to leave. I will announce my decision. If it is war you are looking for Dramon, it is war you shall get.
                                                    *********
You look worried, Ardoh said as he continues mixing herbs.
I had another dream, different this time as if the very future has altered, Martina said.
What did you see?
Ardoh left his desk and moved closer to her where he sat next to her. She looked pale and he knew the dream worried her.
Something is not in place; it is not supposed to happen this way. It is not supposed to happen at all, she paused and looked at him, we have to stop it before it is too late.
Demetris there is nothing
Please Ardoh.
Ardoh looked helplessly at her. Trying to stop this would only put her in harms way. He was trying all he could to stall time; she had to realize that there was no stopping events. Things in life always found a way of happening one way or the other and trying to get in the way would result in disaster. If she intervened it would worsen things. Martina stood up with a look of sudden realization on her face. She moved closer to him and looked at him pleadingly. She shook her head and almost in a whisper asked, you never intended to assist me, did you?
He could not answer for it was true. His response was evident on the expression he wore on his face. From the very beginning he had had no intention of doing so. He was hoping that it would soon fade and she would forget all about it. There was no stopping events that were to follow and some that were already in progress. It was not because he did not want to but he feared for her. It was best if they did not interfere at all. It would be safer.
Lately he had grown to care for her once more, a feeling he had last felt almost twenty years ago. Deep down he also understood why she was so desperate to stop it. No one could destroy the bond between parent and child. He was a living example, he had taken her back. He could never have hated her or hurt her forever. At some point he was to acknowledge that she was his own and he had to look out for her wellbeing.
Why? she asked weakly.
I am doing this for you Demetris; I want to keep you from harms way.
What of my child?      
Acting rush will only lead you to an early grave. Whereas she will not die; I am pretty sure he shall not be cruel to her considering
She shook her head and said, but rather let it be and see many die because of something that could have been prevented.
It is too dangerous. What use is it if you are dead and still this cannot be stopped? You have a rare gift child, but be careful it will lead you to insanity, he warned her.
You are right, she said with a sigh, but I would rather die than just sit back and give a blind eye to what is happening.
Are you sure that is the real reason you want to stop this? Ardoh asked in concern.
Martina stormed to her quarters and slammed the door shut behind her. Anger pierced through every angle of her body. She shook in rage as the thought that her father was right sank deeper. She fell to the cold floor and broke down into tears. It would be useless going to Jarethafat. It would only say that she was still alive. All these years they thought she was dead and still did. Only Ardoh knew what had really taken place that fateful night when she had lost everything dear to her. Not only had she already lost the man she loved; she had lost her child. The only one she could ever have and no other.    
                                              **********

King Dramon sat on his throne and wept silently. He had ordered to be left alone and not be disturbed. After all these years he had thought he had gotten over her but seeing Tabetha had brought the memories back. All his efforts to block her out of his mind were now useless and it was something he had to live with if he were to marry her. He wondered if marrying Tabetha would be any consolation whatsoever for the pain her mother had caused him. Even though she was dead his love for her had not deteriorated.
It seemed to him the more he had thought he hated her, the more it turned out he missed her. King Dramon now understood why she had done it. She knew how he hungered for power and desired wealth above all. She had been a good woman and he had planned on using her for his own gain. When it had become known to her, she cut him were it hurt most. His ego and pride had been badly bruised and had taken years to heal and now those old wounds had been re-opened. He wiped away a tear and composed himself.
King Ballant was not going to make it easy for him. He had dared refuse him Tabethas hand in marriage. He could not help feel like he would be betraying the memory of Demetris if he married Tabetha. Not only was Tabetha her daughter but also he could never love in the same way he had once done. Anyway, love need not be involved, all he wanted was for her to bear him an heir then afterwards she would be useless to him. He would not care less what would happen to her after that. 
A knock came from the door and Raphael entered. He was the only person who dared disturb the King even when he was in a bad mood.
Sire, Raphael began.
WHAT? he roared in irritation.
It is time for your bath sire, it will soothe you, Raphael replied indifferently.
I thought I said I do not want to be disturbed.
I am just doing my job, the servant said, and the water will get cold if you stall any longer.
King Dramon stood up. He could not help admire Raphaels courage and concern. He was the only person he had complete trust in, who knew his every weakness. Raphael was besides all the time. The young man was a faithful servant who served him well and who had the courage to stand up to his stubbornness. It was Raphael who always had a way of telling him to snap out of any ill mood he was having.
You are a good servant Raphael, he said before exiting the room.
Raphael smiled for he knew that was a lot coming from King Dramon. It was a way of expressing his gratitude and appreciation.
                                              *********
Very soon it would start raining, Queen Deidre thought as she opened a window. She could smell it in the air and feel it in the heat of the sun. Her mind lately had started to wonder about a lot. It kept wandering back to one specific day. It had rained hard that particular day. She remembered how young and beautiful she was then. Her long hair shined and glowed in the sun. Queen Deidre remembered how vain and arrogant she was then. To sum it all in one, she had been spoiled. She had a childhood best friend who she thought was strange. The two girls had grown up together; they could not have been any closer.
Her friend had been the daughter of the court physician Ardoh. Although Demetris was not of royal or noble blood she had treated her like an equal. They had both grown into outstanding beauties. The two travelled together and it was during one of their travels Demetris had caught the eye of the young Prince Dramon the son of King Raiden of Damius. Demetris, not of noble birth could not be seen courting a prince so the two had kept their affair a secret. Queen Deidre remembered when one day her friend had finally told her the truth about Prince Dramon.
She had been hurt that Demetris had not chosen to confide in her earlier. What bothered her even more was the jealousy she felt when she heard the news. It was her who was supposed to fall in love with a prince and one day become Queen. She saw the way he looked at Demetris, how his eyes followed her very movement in wanting and adoration. She had not told her friend about this but she wanted the Prince for herself. Prince Dramon could see the desire in her eyes, he could see right through her. It was then that her friendship with Demetris was no longer the same.
The situation seemed to ease when she was introduced to newly crowned King Ballant of Jarethafat. He fell in love with her instantly but still her heart yearned for Prince Dramon. They had married and she had become Queen just as she had always wanted. But she wanted to be Dramons queen instead. Demetris and her remained friends and one day she had visited her. When she arrived Deidre learnt her friend was not at home and took advantage of the situation. She found Ardoh preparing some herbs.
I have sent her to buy some clerry roots, he told her.
Oh is it, she said sarcastically.
Ardoh stopped what he was doing and looked directly ate her in a questioning manner.
What do you mean? he asked.
I do not know if I am supposed to tell you this because you know
With all due respect my lady, just tell me.
I think she went to meet with Prince Dramon, she said.
Prince Dramon? Of Damius?	
Yes, the two have been rendezvousing secretly for a while now, she paused to study the shock on his face.
Her words were having the desired effect on Ardoh.
Is that true, he said in disbelief.
Would I stoop so low and speak an untruth?
Goodness.
Actually she is planning on eloping to Damius
She had not finished her sentence when he reached for his coat and left the room without another word. She smiled to herself with a feeling of triumph. If she could not have Prince Dramon to herself then neither would Demetris. From that day Demetris had become different. She had become more distant and quiet opting to speak when need arose.
What is it dear friend, Queen Deidre had asked one day.
I told Prince Dramon it was not appropriate we be together, she replied sadly.
Oh but why?
My father found out, I do not know how. He disapproves and it is in my best interests I not involve myself with Prince Dramon especially he is the son of a rival kingdom and my father is the court physician, she answered.
Do not grieve, one day you will find someone more fitting, Queen Deidre had tried to sound caring.
The truth was she no longer cared for Demetris. She blamed her for her marriage to King Ballant. Demetris had not told Deidre the real reason she had cut all ties with Prince Dramon. She had not told her about the significance of the emerald ring she wore at all times. Demetris had lied it was a gift from her late grandmother. Queen Deidre had not suspected that the truth would be something far greater and powerful. It was because of it she could no longer be with Prince Dramon.
Queen Deidre jumped at the sound of the door close. Her mind had wandered again as she stood at the window.
Mother, are you alright? Tabetha asked as she walked towards her.
Yes dear child, I am, she lied.
Lately I have noticed you have become distant as if something grave is troubling you.
I am unwell my child, she lied again.
Oh mother, pardon me for being so selfish and interrogative
All is well child; I understand your worry and concern.
                                                 *********
Martina looked back at the life she had led. It had once been fruitful and full of zeal but now she had nothing to her name. Everything was lost. She would have wanted a family but that was not to be. The only man she had loved and wanted to be married to, whom she wanted to bear children for was out reach. She thought back on how she had cried herself to sleep the day her father told her the real reason she could not be with Prince Dramon. It could all have led to something so dangerous. She remembered how her father had told her about how it had been foretold that a child between Dramon and a woman of her kind would bring havoc and war upon the lands. 
She had known ever since she was a little girl she was not ordinary. Her father had explained the power she possessed. It also happened that Prince Dramon had powers of his own though of a different kind; powers that flowed in his blood, making him strong and thirst for more power. A union of these two would bear someone more powerful than any could imagine; a child that would one day become king and rule the land with horrid cruelty and terror. With his power he would bring many kingdoms to their knees and bring about destruction where he passed.
She could not allow this to happen, her conscience troubled her. Martina loved Prince Dramon but if loving him produced such evil then it could not be. He had tried to persuade her into eloping with him to his kingdom. She could not bear to tell him the truth. The pained look on his face broke her heart to pieces. She had thought this would be the solution.
Is there another, he had demanded.
She wanted to scream that she loved him and he was the only one for her but knew better. She looked at him and said, yes Dramon, I am in love with another.
The words had caught him unaware. He looked at her and his eyes burned in jealousy and fury. It had worked for he had not bothered her but the rejection had left him scarred. She had thought it has stopped the foretold from coming to pass but alas it was proving not to be so. How could she have known it had not referred to her but her daughter? She knew there was the possibility that her daughter could have inherited some of her powers but she had seen no harm in that.
It troubled her, what Dramons real intentions were in marrying her daughter. Had he found out? Did he now know? He would stop at nothing to get what he wanted. He wanted to bring the whole land under his rule. If he were to have a son with Tabetha, provided she possessed powers he would become such a powerful king who would conquer all kingdoms. This was what Dramon wanted for the whole land to be under Damian rule.








FOUR
Martina resented herself for everything that was taking place. She had to stop it; maybe it was the reason she had lived so that one day she would stop King Dramon. That was the reason she had escaped dead twenty years ago. It was then that she thought of her backstabbing friend Deidre, who had used her and disposed of her. She had trusted her very much. It came out she was the one who had told Ardoh about Prince Dramon and her. Deidre had had been jealous and envious. Deidre had used her to get what she wanted and by the time she realized this it was already too late.
One night King Ballant had come to her bed and forced himself on her. She had been devastated and the only person she could turn to was her friend Queen Deidre. The Queen had been unquestionably supportive even when she found out she was carrying King Ballants child. It was on the night she gave birth the truth became known to her. Martina was not even given the chance to hold her baby; she had been taken away as soon as she was delivered. 
Deidre why? she had begged her friend.
Because I cannot have children of my own so I am going to raise her as my own, Queen Deidre had replied coldly.
What do you mean?
It was planned Demetris that the King bed you so that you could bear us a child.
It was you?
Yes it was, however reluctant Ballant was he did it anyway. Poor man wanted an heir so bad, Queen Deidre spoke without a care in the world. 
So you sent him to defile me
Oh it is not as if Dramon had not already
How could you?
Oh do not shed tears; you should have realized earlier our friendship ended a long time ago and now it is time to say farewell old friend.
The Queens maids came and held her down as one forced a bitter tasting potion into her mouth. She was forced to swallow it knowing full well it was poison. Queen Deidre looked on with a smile and that was the last face she saw before she passed out. It was at that moment Ardoh felt a strange feeling. He had always had a special bond with her; he could always feel her presence even if she was far away. Now he felt it slipping away slowly and it was then he realized what was happening. Just then Queen Deidre came running into the room.
Come quickly, she said, it is Demetris. She died during childbirth.
He followed her silently as she narrated her version of what had taken place. When they entered the room his heart sank at the sight of his daughter. She was still alive but only he could feel it and knew it. He went and stood next to her and shed a few tears. 
Can I have her body so that I can bury her with the rest of the family, he asked.
Queen Deidre nodded in agreement and he took his daughter into his arms and carried her out of the room. Before leaving the room he had turned around and asked, what of the child?
Her last request was I take care of the child so I will raise it as my own.
Without another word Ardoh had taken his daughter to a faraway place, the very fortress he now resided where no one could find them. There he used his power and knowledge of herbs and potions to revive her, saving her from the brink of death. It took a while but she recovered and was finally able to tell him exactly what had taken place. She told him of Queen Deidres deceit and manipulation. He had suspected such, for he had long sensed evil intentions from the Queen. She had been enraged and vowed to get vengeance.
Ardoh had tried to stop her in a bid to protect her but driven by maternal instincts had used her powers against him. This angered him and he disowned her, forbidding her from ever calling herself his daughter. When word came out she was still alive the Queen sent soldiers to hunt her down. She had been caught but the soldiers had taken pity on her and allowed her freedom. She was told to run to a distant land where she would be safe. She was still indebted to them and was forever grateful. 
It was after this fateful day she came across Irene in the woods close to the small village of Essecass. Irene took her in and offered her a new life far from her fears. There alone and lonely she learnt to master and control her powers for she felt guilty for what she had done to her father. She had lived a new life until the dreams started. All this while she lived thinking she had given birth to a boy child only for the dreams to prove it had actually been a girl. It was the same daughter that King Dramon intended to marry.
Martina knew like every child in her bloodline, her daughter must possess powers as they had been passed on from parent to child over the generations.
                                              ********
Are you planning on going somewhere sire? Ezeck asked as he met King Dramon in the passage way.
Yes Ezeck, I will be back by noon tomorrow, he replied.
Will you be travelling alone?
Yes, there is a matter of delicate importance I have to attend to personally. Tell Raphael to prepare my horse.
Ezeck did as told and within minutes King Dramon rode out of the gates of Damius. 
                                             ********
Princess Tabetha loved the outdoors. She went out with Ruby to pick flowers for her mother who had taken ill again. Ruby followed behind holding the large basket of flowers. 
Very soon the rain is going to come and the fields will be green and the trees will bloom, she said happily.
At that moment Ruby gave out a horrified yelp. Tabetha turned around abruptly and saw a wild bull charging towards them. She dropped the flowers and ran for her life, as fast as her feet could carry her. It kept charging after her and she screamed for help. Ruby looked on helplessly; she could not move a muscle. Ruby finally found her strength and stood up from where she had fallen. The first thing she could think of was saving her mistress. She picked up a handful of stones and threw them at the beast but it kept its eyes on Tabetha.
Tabetha tripped and fell. The Princess covered her face, if the worst was to happen she did not want to see it. She squeezed her eyes shut waiting for the beast to trample over her but it did not. Everything went quiet and then she heard Ruby call out her name. Slowly she opened her eyes and sat up straight. The beast lay dead a few yards from her with an arrow in its side.
Princess, Ruby cried out. 
Oh Ruby, she said in almost a whisper.
Ruby embraced her and checked to see whether she had been hurt. Except for a few bruises and minor cuts, the Princess was unharmed.
Wha...t. she stammered.
He saved you, you should have seen how he shot the beast from a distance, Ruby replied.
Who?
Before she could answer a voice from amongst the trees said, I, my lady.
Tabetha with the help of Ruby got on her feet and looked at the stranger in gratitude. He dismounted his ride and gave a bow. Her heart missed a beat; he was the most handsome being she had ever set her eyes on. Btu he was probably a farmer or herds boy by the way he was dressed.
Identify you, she said.
I am Dylane, I could not help but overhear your screams for help, he replied with another bow.
You have just saved my life, I will take you to my father at once and you shall be rewarded generously, she said as she gave him her hand.
He took it in his, kissed it and said humbly, I do not seek treasures. Your safety and gratitude alone are enough a reward for me.
You are so modest, she said with a smile, I am forever in your debt.
He gave her a big smile and said gladly, rightly so, my lady. Let me take you to the plain where you will be safe and close to home.
They rode together until they were out of the woods and near the plain. He bid them farewell and just as he was about to ride off the Princess said, we will meet again Dylane.
He just smiled and watched them ride off. Left alone he said, indeed we shall.
With that the handsome young man changed into King Dramon and rode back to his kingdom. It was exactly noon when he arrived with a triumphant grin etched on his face. Ezeck greeted him at the door and asked, I hope you had a good trip sire.
All went as planned. Now I have the Princess exactly where I want her, he replied with an evil grin.
I do not follow sire.
Let us just say I happened to save the life of Princess Tabetha and that makes her indebted to me.
Ezeck knew better than to question the King any further. He was glad that whatever the King was doing it was proving successful.
                                               ********
King Ballant was shocked with his daughters appearance. She was dirty and had twigs in her hair. Ruby looked equally filthy as she followed Tabetha. He folded his arms in preparation to scold her. She ran towards him and said before he could utter a word, father, you will not believe what took place. We were attacked by a horrendous beast in the woods.
WHAT?
But a man saved me
You should have seen how he shot the monster from
And who asked you, he said to Ruby.
She looked down and left the room.
Father, Tabetha said, it is not her fault.
He ignored her complaint and asked, and who is this supposed man?
He is called Dylane, I do not think he is from nearby, she replied.
Where is he?
I have never seen such a modest man. He refused any rewards.
Then thank goodness you are safe. I forbid you to go wandering without guards, do you hear me?
Yes father.
Go and bathe.
That night the Princess could not stop thinking about the young man who had saved her from the wild bull. No man had ever made her heart skip a beat like that. Never had she laid eyes on such male beauty. He must have a lot of maidens desiring his attention. Suddenly she felt the urge to see him again. She had not even asked him where he lived but she remembered he mentioned he was from another kingdom. Tabetha could not stop smiling to herself whenever his face appeared in her mind. 
A week had passed since the encounter with the wild bull. Now her father had assigned guards to follow her wherever she went. She had gone into the woods twice hoping to meet Dylane but luck was not on her side. One day as she rode with Ruby by a stream she saw him. He was bent down filling his gourd with water. A smile lit his face when he saw her and he said in greeting, my fair lady.
Dylane, she said in excitement.
Well you did say we would meet again and here we are, he said with such charm her heart melted.
Dylane saw the look in her eyes and knew she had fallen in love with him. He continued to charm her until she agreed to meet him the following day. Princess Tabetha sneaked out of the palace the following day and rode to meet him. He looked happy to see her and helped her off her horse. They found a nice quiet spot and sat down to talk. Tabetha had brought a basket of food which Ruby had prepared. She took out a cloth a spread it across the spot where she arranged the goodies for them to eat as the spoke.
It is a shame you are a farmer, do you not think so Dylane? she asked during their conversation.
I am not a farmer Princess but an explorer. I find pleasure in travelling into foreign lands and acquiring what those lands have to offer, Dylane spoke softly and kissed her.
Yes; he enjoyed taking foreign lands and what they had to offer especially her. as he kissed her he blocked the thought of Demetris from his mind. Never had a man tasted her lips and she felt her abdomen tighten. She tensed and her sensed her unease and rushed to apologize for his disrespectful behavior. She quickly dismissed the matter saying, but if my father were to find out about
Then he shant.
But if I continue sneaking out he is bound to suspect
You worry too much.
She took his words and smiled. There was absolutely no crime in loving although it was someone her father would never approve. But Dylane was better than King Dramon because unlike the King he was kind, charming and handsome. She was in the middle of such pleasant thoughts when she felt a familiar feeling overwhelm her. She let out a scream and held her head as if it were throbbing. She fell to the ground and lay still for a while before her eyes opened. Tabetha felt so embarrassed that it had happened in the presence of Dylane. 
To her surprise he remained calm and gave her some water. She took it, taking the sips slowly. He looked at her and felt a sudden feeling of hesitation. So she also had the gift of sight like her mother. He wanted to know what she had seen. He hoped she had not seen his plans for he was making such progress.
I beg your pardon for that, she said.
No need to, I see you are also special. I had my friend, who was like that years back when I was just a boy, he answered.
So there are others like me, she expressed in relief, tell me more.
She could see things that had not yet come to pass
Exactly like me.
But she had dreams instead of visions, he continued.
It never made sense before, so it is the future I see?
Oh not; maybe those which are taking place at that moment. 
Tabetha felt he was the only person who understood her. She felt a strange connection between them. He pitied her naive and trusting nature. It would make it easy for him to manipulate her as he had planned. 
What do you see? he asked curiously.
I always see a woman but they are just bits and pieces, flashes so to say. She always looks worried and troubled. What confuses me is that she looks like me but older. There is something about her eyes and she keeps looking at an emerald ring, as if confused whether to wear or not, she said.
And what did you see now? he asked her.
She was holding a child and I was helping her save the child.
Dylane smiled at the sound of this. It meant there was the possibility she was going to have his child. Who was this woman she saw and why was she helping her save the child? A woman who looked like her? He inhaled a gasp of air. It was not possible, could she still be alive? He pushed the thought aside, it was impossible. Demetris had been dead for more than twenty years now but the memory of her still alive in his mind. Now as he sat with her daughter his heart sank. He had wanted to marry Demetris even though she had not been of noble birth and his status would not have allowed it. 
That was all in the past now, there was no use in giving it further thought. The two spent the rest of the afternoon together, chasing each other around and laughing. But there was sadness in his laughter for at one time it had been Demetris he had laughed, danced and ran with. 
Are you alright? she asked when she saw the sudden change of expression on his face.
It is nothing you need to bother yourself with, he replied. 
I will race you back to the horses, she said and started running.
                                                *********
Ever since she came back from the woods that day, I have never seen her any happier, King Ballant said to his Queen as they took their daily walk through the palace garden.
The garden was his treasure. He looked to it that it was well maintained and watered. In it grew many species of flowers which were his pride and joy. But before his garden he cherished his wife and daughter above all else.
Indeed, I am glad to see her so happy, she said.
She is going to make a great ruler some day, he said.
Queen Deidre just smiled and kept quiet. They slowed their pace and walked in silence for a while. Finally it was the Queen who broke the silence by asking, what of her marriage?
The King thought long and hard about this and sighed. They had to find a suitable husband for Tabetha. However strong and courageous she was, she could not rule the entire kingdom alone. She had to have a decent suitor by her side.
She has not shown interest in any man so far, he said.
I do hope she gets married before I die because
Stop it Deidre, do not speak of death, he quickly cut her off.
I am unwell and I have been in such a state for some time now, she replied calmly.
I forbid you to talk of such ever again. Do you understand me Deidre? he demanded.
She nodded and walked away. He remained behind meditating on what would become of him if she would die. It was true she had been unwell for some time now. It was of this reason they did not bear a child together. He had forbidden anyone who knew of her ailment to speak of it. Only a few in their close circle knew that the Queen was not Tabethas real mother and it was to stay that way. Anyone who would speak of it would be imprisoned for the rest of their life. He loved Tabetha, even more than his wife. Tabetha had her mothers eyes and whenever he looked into them felt guilt searing through him. It had been Deidres idea and because he was young and foolish and desired a child so much agreed to it. 
He remembered the look of fear on Demetriss face the night he had visited her bed. Queen Deidre had invited her to stay at the palace. He had been against the idea but he loved Deidre so much then that he did everything she wished. That love had faded however as the years went by and he realized what a cold hearted woman she was. Now he tolerated her because they were married and she was his Queen. He knew this for they had not shared the same bed for many years. As the years progressed so had they continued to drift further apart.
                                                **********
Tabetha found it hard to stop daydreaming about Dylane. Ruby tried to make her snap out of it but it was useless. The Princess had found herself overly smitten with Dylane and it worried Ruby.
Have you ever been in love? Tabetha asked Ruby.
No, Ruby answered honestly, I have not had time to meet any man. I am always at your side, remember.
Since Ruby was always close to the Princess and no man ever dared come close. Most young women her age were already married. Ruby was older than the Princess by three years and it saddened her how lonely she got at times.
It is such a wonderful emotion, she said with a grin.
So I see.
Ah do not be jealous Ruby, we should find you someone, suddenly the Princess suggested with a jerk.
Ruby did not say a thing. She just giggled and continued folding the garments in her hands into a drawer.
I am serious, the Princess went on as she threw a pillow at her.
I know but you should see yourself my lady, Ruby said as she put the pillow back on the bed.
Tabetha drifted back into her world. She was completely dazzled about this young man.
I want to marry him, she said as she sat up straight, well elope to a faraway kingdom. You can come with Ruby.
A sudden look of concern crossed Rubys face. Maybe Tabetha had become a wee bit too smitten over this Dylane character. This concerned Ruby very much. Would the Princess abandon her home and right to the throne so as to run away with that vagabond?
Oh Princess, you need to see reason. It is not wise.
You do not want to come with? Ruby you can find yourself a good man and live happily ever after.
No. I meant eloping with him. Your father would
Neither will he allow me to marry Dylane. I cannot bear to be married to anyone else.
Please Tabetha
You dare disrespect me, remember you are just a mere servant, she snapped at her.
Ruby apologized and exited the chamber. It hurt her the way Tabetha had spoken to her. After all they had been through she thought they were friends apart from the fact that they were mistress and servant. She had stood by the Princess and was faithful and loyal. Just because some wanderer had come into the picture, it was no excuse to treat her harshly. Back in the chambers Tabetha felt terrible for the way she had spoken to Ruby. It was just that for once she wanted to be free to do whatever she pleased without anyone to scold her about how careless she was being. She took her cloak and went out to search for Ruby.
She found her maidservant in her room folding a table cloth. Ruby pretended not to see her and continued with what she was doing.
Ruby, she began, I would like to apologize for the manner I spoke in earlier.
It does not matter Princess, I understand you have a lot on your mind and I spoke out of turn, Ruby replied indifferently.
Do not be like that Ruby.
Sleep well Princess, I will see you in the morning.
Tabetha knew she had upset Ruby. She went over to where Ruby sat and kissed her on the forehead and left without another word. She was not furious at Ruby for dismissing her in that way, she understood that her servant was also a person who felt anger and hurt just like she did.
   

 
 
 
 
  
FIVE
King Ballant knocked gently on the Queens door. His palms were sweaty and he was not sure of the welcome he would receive upon entering her chambers. He opened the door and entered. She stood up and looked at him in surprise. He walked over to her and felt at a loss for words.
Ballant what a surprise, she began, is there something you need?
As a matter of fact there is. I wish to share your bed tonight, he replied calmly.
She gave a laugh and said in astonishment, I thought you said I disgust you?
The truth was talking about Tabethas betrothal made him give their own marriage a lot of consideration. Maybe if they tried there was hope for Deidre and him. 
Let us try to make amends, I do miss you Deidre.
I am afraid I do not share the same sentiments. Save yourself the rejection and leave me be, she replied coldly.
King Ballant breathed heavily in fury. How could she talk to him in such a manner? She was still his wife and he had a right to her? He motioned to leave but then moved closer to her and said spitefully, I was wrong to think there was some hope left for us.
He left the room leaving her standing with a blank look on her face. It was all too late to make amends. A lot had been said and done; it would be to no avail. She settled in to sleep and sighed. She wished he would stop trying to make her love him. He had tried and failed before; he was not going to succeed this time. 
                                               *******
Tabetha and Dylane had been seeing each other secretly for a while. Ruby did not dare express her disapproval at this. She went about her duties and did all she was told. It was until one day Tabetha asked her to pack her finest gowns that she spoke out. 
Are you planning on going someplace?
I told you before I was going to run away with Dylane, do not act so surprised.
Why, Ruby expressed in confusion.
She did not see why the Princess would leave all she had to go live the life of a peasants wife.
I love him, she answered instantly.
Where would you go?
Someplace nice and peaceful where we will get married and bear children; maybe someday return and claim my rightful place
I cannot tell you what to do but my lady please think this thoroughly, I will pack and be ready to leave with you if you say the word.
Tabetha jumped and embraced her maidservant and expressed, oh Ruby, you will come with, I am so thrilled.
Ruby was not. The reason she would go was to look after the Princess. She did not trust this stranger for a split second or his intentions. It was her duty to be there for Tabetha. She packed their belongings and some food for the journey. That night they crept out of the palace and met up with Dylane who was waiting for them at the edge of the woods.
                                               *********
Can you go and fetch me some ville weeds, Ardoh asked Martina.
Sure, she said and took a basket from the shelf.
The last time she had picked roots and herbs for her father was when she was still a girl. She used to love it; Ardoh had taught her everything she knew about herbs and brewing potions. He was a modest man who never took too much pride in his own achievements. Ardoh was always eager to help those in dire need of him. There had been something pacing her mind non-stop lately. She was thinking of asking Ardoh for forgiveness. The current situation had told her that he had already done so but she needed to be sure. Now she felt certain closeness to her father and she felt much stronger as if his presence was fuelling her.
She found the ville weeds easily and had noticed he was running out of sage so she decided to bring him an assortment of other herbs too. She hummed her way through the forest, picking any herbs or roots she thought would be useful to Ardoh. The sun was high up now and it burnt through her skin. The heat did not bother her, in fact the atmosphere made her feel alive again. She passed three people who sat around a fire with rabbit cooking. She covered her face for it would be risky to have anyone recognize her.
There were two young women and a man. They all raised their heads when they saw her.
How do you do? Tabetha was first to greet her.
Martina afforded to only nod. At that moment a soft wind blew and the cloth that covered her face fell. Tabetha gave a loud gasp and pointed at her. It was the woman she saw in her visions.
That is the woman I see in my
Dylane stood up and looked at her with shock written all over his face. There was no mistaking her face, it was a face he had seen and constantly dreamt of many nights. He was speechless as he stood there looking at her. Martina quickly picked up the cloth and covered her face. She turned to go back the path she had come from.
Wait, Tabetha shouted.
Wait she did not; instead she quickened her pace. Her heart beat fast. She could feel someone following her and broke into a run. Martina ran all the way to Ardohs fortress, never looking back once.
Demetris, she heard her name.
She froze in her tracks. How could it be possible that this young man had recognized her? He was too young to have known who she really was. He approached her but she still kept her back to him. He turned her around slowly such that they stood face to face. With that he changed back into King Dramon and she gasped and backed away in fear and disbelief. 
Demetris, it cannot be, he said in equal disbelief.
Dramon, she said in a whisper.
He moved closer to her and held her face in his hands. She had not changed much. Yes, it was his Demetris he stood with. This was woman who had left him broken and shamed, with his pride injured. Now to hold her face in his hands and look into her eyes again seemed like a dream come true. He put his arms around her and embraced her tightly as if he would not let go. She wept in his arms letting out all the emotions she bottled up inside all those years. They both stood at a loss for words in each others arms. Finally he let go of her and they looked at each other. 
They had both grown; they were no longer as young as they used to be. Although she had not started to wrinkle, she no longer resembled of youth. 
You are alive and well, he broke the silence.
As you can see, I am.
Butall these years
It is complicated to explain. Life had different things in store for us, she said as she avoided looking him in the eye.
Yet today our paths cross.
Oh Dramon, this is so hard for me, she said with a sigh.
You did not expect to meet the man you left for Ballant of all the man in the world, he said as his tone changed to that of anger.
Hush, she said and put a finger to his mouth, the past is not worth revisiting. It is not wise to open up old wounds.
Is that it? Do I not deserve an explanation of any kind about why you left me for Ballant and bore him a
I DID NOT, she shouted, I never meant to leave you Dramon. My heart was always yours and no one else.
Then why? You know I would have married you and made you a queen
Stop it Dramon, she demanded, you speak of such love yet you plan to bed my own daughter.
I thought you were dead and somehow she reminds me so much of you. She has your eyes
Stop telling me lies. I know exactly why and it has always been about power for you, she said.
He remained quiet looking for the right words to say to her. He gave a small laugh and said, so that is why you left me. I got wind of what The prophesy said some time after you allegedly broke my cruel and power hungry heart. You know I always knew you would never settle for Ballants kind but why did you?
I did not choose to carry his child. Deidre plotted against me
A tear fell from her eye. He wiped it away with a finger and said, I promise to get you the vengeance that is long overdue on Ballant and his ice queen.
She placed a pleading hand on his arm and begged, please Dramon do not do it. I have seen my daughter in my dreams and today I had the chance to take a good look at her and that makes all the anger flee. She is beautiful and I am glad I gave birth to her. So I beg of you do not
I cannot do as you ask? he said, those two have taken too much away from me.
Do it for me Dramon and I give you my word I will never bother you again. This is my final request to you. I know you loathe me for what happened twenty years ago.
He scoffed and shook his head. Did she actually think that now he had found her he was prepared to let her go? He hurt to see her like this. The grandeur she once possessed was gone. In its place was a woman who looked as if she had lived a hard and terrible life. Her clothes were ordinary, different from the fine frocks she once wore as a girl. Her skin was not as fair as it used to be and her hands were callused from hard labor. She saw the look on his face and knew exactly what was going through his mind.
You have to Dramon; things are not as they were. And I cannot think of what Ballant and Deidre could do if they found out
I loathe how you have always underestimated how powerful I am and have become. I will protect you. Ballant falls to his knees at the very mention of my name, he said as the tone of anger came back into his voice.
She shook her head in disagreement. It was all too late for that. She looked at him one last time, gave him one last kiss and walked away. He did not follow her but watched her until she disappeared into the woods. He turned around and went back to Tabetha and Ruby. He changed back into Dylane. Tabetha was waiting for him and ran towards him.
Did you catch up with her? she asked as he sat down.
No, she seems to have disappeared, he replied.
He could not stop thinking of Demetris. He could not believe that after all these years of thinking she was dead, he had actually held her and kissed her. Why had she kept hidden from him? She could have taken refuge with him and taken her back, protecting her. King Dramon had forgiven her a long time ago. Although he had been told that she could not conceive another child after Tabetha, he still loved her and yearned to make her his Queen. One thing he was certain of; was that he would get his revenge on Deidre. It did not require a sixth sense to know what she meant when she told him they had plotted against her.
Tabetha watched him carefully. His eyes had changed their color; they were darkened and full of loathing. They were no longer warm and inviting as they usually were. Something had changed about him.
Are you alright? she asked.
I am, he replied, we should get ready to move.
Something told her that he was not telling her the truth. She kept an eye on him during their journey. Ruby sensed it too. Tabetha could see her passing glances at him.
Where exactly are we going? Ruby asked him.
To Damius, he replied coldly.
Should we be going there? Ruby asked Tabetha.
No. Dylane I thought you said we were going somewhere nice
And who said Damius is not? he snapped fiercely at her.
His tone startled her. She was used to being spoken to nicely. 
How dare
I dare do as I please, he roared.
She could be haughty and conceited at times, if not always. He wondered how he put up with her up to now. He had been patient with her because he so wanted her to bear him a child, an heir.
You cannot talk to her like that, Ruby said.
Or what? King Ballant and his army are far away now. We passed the border line; you are in my kingdom now.
With that statement a group of Damian warriors emerged from behind some trees and seized Tabetha and Ruby. He watched with an evil grin on his face. The two young women looked at him wondering why he had not been seized as they were being. 
Dylane, she yelled.
He just turned his back on them and ordered the men to take them to the castle. She tried to fight free but they overpowered her which made her give in. How could he betray her like this? After all the love she had shown him, he would leave her in the hands of the enemy. She began to wonder who he really was and why King Dramons men took orders from him. Maybe he held a high rank in his army or was a relation of King Dramon. Little did she know that her beloved Dylane was actually the King of Damius hidden beneath disguise. 
                                            ***********
Ardoh was beginning to worry gravely. Martina had been crying ever since she returned from picking herbs. She had locked herself in her quarters and wept since. He tried to think what would upset her so. The last time she had wept such was when he had made her break things off with Prince Dramon. What had happened in the forest? She could not have possibly seen him because King Dramon rarely left his kingdom nowadays. 
Softly, he knocked on her door but she did not answer. He knocked for a second time and still she did not answer. He leaned against the door and said, Demetris dear child, open up.
He heard the slow dragging of feet and seconds later the door opened. His heart sank at the state in which she was in. His paternal instincts told him to take his daughter into his arms and comfort her and he did so. He held her until he felt she had stopped crying. She composed herself and sat down.
I saw Dramon in the forest, he was with my daughter. Goodness me, I do not even know what they named her
They named her Tabetha.
I spoke to him and I could not help feel torn apart. It felt as if a part of me was lost to him.
Do not cry
No he is not the reason I cry, it is because he refused me my request. Never has he refused me anything. It should not bother me but I fear he does not love me anymore. I asked him to stop for me and he said no in my face, she said as she started to weep again.
Did he actually say so? Ardoh asked. 
She shook her head, it is all the same.
Dramon could never refuse you a thing. You are his one weakness and his love for you never died. It can be seen in the way he loathes and despises Ballant and Deidre. Did you explain to him what took place?
No I could not stand telling him. He would definitely seek revenge.
Do you not want them to pay for what they did to you? he asked curiously.
She was silent for a while. In the depths of her heart she desired to see Deidre to pay for all she had done but to what end. King Dramon had spent twenty years in a state of anger and torture. It was time to set him free of the burden. It was too much he fight her battles. From what she had heard, his army would destroy Jarethafat and leave nothing where it passed. Then she remembered the look on his face when she had mentioned how Deidre had plotted against her. Suddenly a thought hit her and she broke out, I have to go see him.
We have been through this
No it is about something else.
He wishes to take revenge?
She nodded and motioned to make an exit but he stopped her. She did not put up a fight. She had grown to respect him once more and to love him as her father. Instead she waited to hear what he had to say.
Do not rush dear child, let me prepare for you some food for the journey and a warm quilt.
How kind of him, she thought and reached out to give him a peck on the cheek. He acknowledged the gesture and smiled.
Do forgive me for my past indiscretions, she said, thinking of no better moment to tell him how she felt.
I did a long time ago, he said and went to prepare for her journey.
She rode off the following dawn. He made her promise to come back to him some day. Their farewell was brief because they both dreaded it being emotional. By the time the sun was high in the sky, she had covered a large distance. She just hoped she could bring him to his senses. She knew he was a very stubborn man and required a lot of persuasion. 
                                             ********
King Dramon sat with his hands curled up in fists. He was in a state of turmoil, suffering from mixed emotions. Raphael had given orders for him not to be disturbed. Whatever made him so agitated had to be serious. King Dramon started breathing heavily. If it were not for Queen Deidre, he could have everything he desired; Demetris as his queen and a powerful son to take after him and help him achieve wonders. Now he had nothing sentimental to hold on to. That was it, he thought as he stormed his foot. King Ballant was going to pay and get exactly what he deserved. 
At that moment as he was thinking of readying his army to march for Jarethafat, Tabetha was pacing the room in which she and Ruby had been given. It was nicely furnished, fit for royalty especially a princess. She was fuming in loathing towards Dylane. He had sold them into the hands of King Dramon. She jumped in fright when the doors suddenly opened and King Dramon walked in. She backed away for she feared what he had come to do with her. He looked at her and then ordered for Ruby to leave the room. Ruby hesitated not sure if it was safe to leave the Princess alone with him. Tabetha gave her a reassuring nod and she left as ordered.
My father will hear of this, she spat at him.
He remained awfully calm, not at all shaken by her threat. He cleared his throat and spoke, run ahead and send word because what he will do is nothing compared to what I have planned for him.
A sudden look of shock crossed her face. She feared for her father so much she asked, why have you brought me here?
He studied her face for a while as if he was trying to read her mind. Fear was written all over it and she looked tense.
To protect you, before dawn I will ride with my army to see to the destruction of Jarethafat.
Tabetha gasped in terror. His voice spoke of evil will and intent and she knew he meant each word he had said. She sat on the bed with a drop and shook her head. 
Why are you doing this? You have me here, what else do you desire? she asked weakly.
He scoffed at this. Of course in the beginning he had intended on making her his bride but after seeing the pleading in Demetriss eyes he could not. He could have just sent Tabetha back home but he knew if any harm befell her, Demetris would never forgive him. So he had brought her to his palace in a bid to keep her safe and out of harms way. If only she knew and understood what was really taking place. How she had her mothers eyes and how much she reminded him of her.
I will then gladly die together with my father and mother.
Your mother? You have no idea whom you speak of, he said furiously.
She was taken aback by the change of tone. No longer was his voice or facial expression calm and steady. Was there something he knew of her mother that had been kept hidden from her?
What do you mean?
You have her eyes, he said as he found himself softening towards her, your father took her from me
My mother?
Not Deidre, but your real mother Tabetha. The woman you see in your visions
The woman in the woods, she said to herself in a whisper, but how did you know I met her in the woods?
He changed into Dylane to show her how he knew. She was petrified and could not utter a word. What she witnessed scared her. How could her lovely Dylane be King Dramon?
Dylane, she said after a while.
No, he said and turned himself back, that was all me. He never existed, I made you see him.
Tabetha bit her lower lip to keep the tears that threatened her eyes from falling. She was heartbroken to find out that it had been King Dramon all along deceiving her. She felt more hate that she had ever felt in her entire life, for him. 
Why do you torment me so?
He sat down next to her and sighed. Answering her question was more difficult than he had anticipated. Demetris had haunted his thoughts for many years. He stood up and went for the door; he could not bear to be near anything that bore so much resemblance to her any longer.
You loved her, she said.
He stopped with his back to her and deliberated on her words, a lot more than you can imagine, I never stopped.
Is she the friend you spoke ofwho could see the future like I can?
Yes, that is whom you got your gift from.
He left the room as he thought of the things he was prepared to do all in the name of love. Even he, widely feared and respected had a weakness; like everyone who fell prey to love was vulnerable. She still sat in thought. It puzzled her how she did not seem surprised that Queen Deidre was not her real mother. The two of them looked nothing alike and had absolutely nothing in common. But this woman King Dramon spoke of, they looked so alike and shared so much more than that which was visible. 
                                                 *******
Martina reached Damius by the following dusk, tired and exhausted from her long, rough journey through the forest. Not once along the way had she stopped to rest or even eat. She entered the city gates and rode straight for the castle. Sadly, the guards would not allow her entry. Martina fell to her knees and begged them to let her in but they made fun of her and poked her with their spears.
Go away beggar, the King does not attend to peasants at this hour, one of them taunted.
Ezeck heard the pleading of a woman as he passed through the main doors and went over to see what was taking place. The woman was on her knees as she pleaded with them. When he saw her face he scolded them and quickly helped her to her feet. He looked both happy and surprised to see her.
My lady, he said and kissed her hand.
Oh Ezeck, she said in relief, where is he, tell me he is still here?
Ezeck reassured her that King Dramon had not ridden for Jarethafat as was planned but would be doing so the following dawn. He told her how he had not been himself lately as she showed her to the Kings study. King Dramon stood up and rushed towards her when he saw her enter. Ezeck left them understanding there was much to be discussed between the two of them. He remembered when King Dramon had still been young and had fallen in love with Demetris. He had watched him grow into the man he now was, powerful and respected.
 Demetris, he expressed in surprise.
Oh Dramon, she said his name back.
You have come to me.
I am here, do not seek retribution on my behalf, she spoke kindly and affectionately.
He stroked her head with one hand and whispered, I will only give my word if you swear to never leave me again.
I shant leave you then, I never wanted to, she replied.
Come dear, King Dramon said as he took her hand, we have much to discuss.
She led her to a chair and helped her sit. He pulled another and sat next to her. Martina narrated all that had transpired up to that very hour they sat together. He listened to her every word attentively and held her hand when tears welled in her eyes. However evil he was, when it came to her his heart melted like silver dipped in lava. It was no use hiding the truth, she thought as she spoke. They had found their way to each other. King Dramon deserved to know it all. 
You have to understand, I never meant for you to hurt. I know you must hate me
Hush, do not speak of such. Of course I was angry but to speak of hate for you is unimaginable. You are a good woman and I cannot condemn you for that.
For a minute he looked different. The features on his face looked soft and at ease. Martina felt glad for the first time in a long period of suffering and confliction. After thinking all hope had been lost, it finally seemed like that which had been lost was being rejuvenated. She could be with the man she longed for, the one and only. Afterwards they toured the castle and she was impressed by all its grandeur. They laughed and spoke as if they had not a worry in the world. He showed her the garden which had beds of wild roses in bloom. 
Wild roses had always been her favorite and she remembered a time he picked them for her when they had been young. The first time he had done so was the day they had first spoken. She had accompanied Lady Deidre to a tournament. She had no interest in violence and had decided to wander off and explore. Prince Dramon had followed her and watched her admire the roses but she could not pluck one. It was forbidden to pluck flowers from royal gardens and she feared the severe punishment. The roses looked watered and healthy; how she longed to take one and put it in her hair.
Prince Dramon had come and stood beside her. She curtsied and lowered her head in respect and modesty. He picked a rose for her and put it in her hair. This gesture took her by surprise. He had just engaged in combat in the tournament and she had caught his fancy. He had been watching her as she sat in the stands next to Lady Deidre. 
Morgade would not object to my picking this rose for a fair maiden as you my lady, he said.
But sire, I am only but just the daughter of a mere physician.
Never have I set sight on such captivating eyes, what a rare treasure you possess. I fear I have been made prisoner by them, he continued.
I am humbled by your kind and considerate words, she said and left his presence with a bow.
He had continued to charm her until against her best judgment she had given in. She knew he was not perfect but had loved him still unconditionally. Rumor that he possessed strange magical powers had reached her but she had loved him all the same. 
   
 














SIX
When he found out his daughter was missing, King Ballant burst into an outrage. No one had seen her leave and he feared she might have been abducted. He sent guards to search for her but the returned empty handed. The whole court became restless fearing for their princess wellbeing.
Look for her, he ordered his guards, do not just stand there.
They nodded and went out again, knowing quite well that the search would remain fruitless. Days had passed without so much as a trace of Tabetha and King Ballant was beginning to doubt if he would ever see her again or worse, if she was still alive. He suspected King Dramon for this ill deed but there was no proof to suggest such. When word reached every land of the missing Princess, King Dramon smiled in satisfaction. Now King Ballant knew how it felt to have something one loved taken away. 
Tabetha and Martina had met and were getting along well. They spent huge amounts of time together. King Dramon had never seen Demetris more happy than she was with her daughter. Tabetha listened and learned about her power which seemed to intrigue her. She had forgotten that her father would be worried about her. That night as King Dramon sat with Martina in her chambers he pulled her closer to him. He had missed holding her and being intimate with her. He bent down to kiss her but she pulled away and said, no Dramon.
I have waited for so long Demetris, do not deny me now, he spoke with a note of pleading.
I have missed you also, she replied and stood up, but I cannot.
Demetris
I had missed my name so much also
Do you not want to be with me?
I do, more than anything dear. It is just that, she paused and confessed, I can never give you what you desire. I am not young anymore.
She faced downwards as she spoke, embarrassed. With his hand he raised her face such that they looked each other in the eye and he said, marry me Demetris.
She gasped and stammered, become Queen?
Yes, I shall not leave you wanting for anything as long as you are mine.
Dramon I am not of noble birth. All I can be is maybe your mistress or
He stood up abruptly and waived a fist. When would she stop doubting him? Silently he scoffed and said, you anger me such Demetris, so often. I am King Dramon and I can change the laws, no one can contest.
She threw herself into his arms. Was this the right thing to do? She knew he would never give up until she had agreed to marry him. But would it guarantee that he would not father a child with Tabetha if she married him. Lately he had begun treating Tabetha like his own child but she felt she needed to know what would become of his hunger for an heir.
What of Tabetha?
I do not fancy her, you know full well the reason I did what I did but now that you are here it changes everything, he spoke in a soft and tender voice.
I cannot bear you a child.
Hush. Rest my love, we shall speak tomorrow. Think of my proposal please.
He exited her chambers and closed the doors behind him. Ezeck was waiting for him outside and smiled at the look on his Kings face. The King had been successful in his endeavor. 
I take it she has agreed.
Demetris does not know she is still able to conceive, he told his advisor.
It had been said that apart from Tabetha she could not have any other more children but that was not true. It was a possibility but she did not know. Now he could have what he had always wanted. The sooner they got married, the sooner he could take her to his chambers. 
You will be triumphant my King, Ezeck said.
So what news do you have me?
King Dramon walked as Ezeck updated him on the recent news from Jarethafat about Tabetha and other matters of security.
                                                  ********
The wedding took place four days later. The whole kingdom celebrated as they felt it was time their King married. There was a huge feast and everyone was merry. The decorations for the festivities were enlightening and perfect. Every detail had been well taken note of. Martina had decided to use her real name once more for she had nothing to be afraid of. She looked beautiful and young as she stood making her vows to her new husband. The gown she wore was made from the finest fabric which had been imported. Later as she sat next to her husband at the table, she looked at the people of Damius and smiled. They had accepted her warmly and this pleased her. 
Look at your people, he whispered into her ear, very soon you will be helping me rule them. I am yet to announce a date for your crowning.
Oh I think I will leave the ruling part to you, she said with a laugh, you seem to have everything under control.
He gave a laugh, you look breathtaking.
She blushed, smiling non-stop. Demetris was acting like a young girl. Like every woman she had dreamt of marriage but never after the incident with King Ballant had she thought that possible. Tabetha had not graced the occasion; she watched from her window the proceedings. The people of Damius did not know that she was living amongst them. Plus with word that she was missing, King Dramon could not risk anyone recognizing her and running off to Jarethafat. It would cause confusion and mayhem in the court. People would never understand.
Tabetha had helped her mother dress for her wedding and had cried with her in joy. Demetris had spared her daughter the real truth behind her conceiving. She had told her that she had agreed to bear Ballant and Deidre a child. She had also omitted the part about when they had attempted to kill her. After the festivities everyone retired to their quarters. The atmosphere was still merry and cheerful. Demetris knew she had to share King Dramons chambers now that they were man and wife.
They had both waited for this moment for a long time. Very soon she would be crowned Queen of Damius and no one would dare try and harm her. Even if King Ballant was to find out she was still alive, there was nothing he could do to her.
                                               *******
When word reached Jarethafat that King Dramon had married King Ballant became sick with worry that it had been to his missing daughter. He shivered in anger at this form of disrespect. Queen Deidre was equally furious, she kept snapping at her maids. 
The people must not know of this, he told his advisors, who agreed to this.
Yes sire, they chorused.
Send the best spies we have to Damius, bring me all the information possible. I want details about now this came to be, he continued and dismissed them.
If word was to reach the people, he would never show his face again. It would be too shameful; every tongue would be wagging about it. He imagined how it would sound, how the crown Princess ran away and wed the man who had been denied her hand. It would prove that King Dramon had no respect towards him and as a king it would damage his peoples belief and confidence in him. 
The spies that were sent never returned. King Dramon had found out about them and had them captured. When he heard of this; King Ballant was even more furious than before. Despite his anger he also felt betrayed. How could his daughter do this to him? How could Tabetha just up and leave to marry King Dramon of all people? All this commotion had worsened the Queens health. She now spent most of her time bed ridden. It had left her heart broken. As soon as she was well enough she would ride to Damius and confront Tabetha.
She told her husband of this, when he visited her to see how she was recovering.
I feel it is not a good idea, he told her expressing his opinion.
We have no choice, she said.
You cannot travel in your condition, rest and recover.
But when I get better?
Then we will.
Queen Deidre sighed in relief. For a moment she thought he was going to refuse. Now she had to recover. She lay down and tried to get some rest.
                                           *********
It has been a long time since I left my fathers kingdom. I wish to go back, Tabetha said one evening as they sat to dine.
Indeed, King Dramon responded.
But I will come back and visit, she was quick to reassure Demetris.
Demetris just smiled for she knew the day would come when Tabetha would go back to Jarethafat. She could not stay in Damius forever especially after word had reached her that King Ballant was furious. Tabetha did not belong in Damius. Her place was with her father and they would be committing a great evil if they refused her that.
We will not hold you here any longer if you so desire, King Dramon spoke for Demetris, it is only fair.
Tabetha looked at him and smiled. Lately she had gained respect for him. She admired the way he loved and cared for Demetris. In all her life she had never seen her parents show each other such affection. King Ballant and Queen Deidre were cold towards each and only showed a tiny bit of affection to keep up appearances. However a part of her was bitter and resented King Dramon for deceiving her. This she had not told anyone except for her trusted maidservant Ruby. Even though he loved Demetris, there was still bad and evil in him.
She saw how at times his eyes changed color in hate and spite whenever she mentioned her father. He would of course not say anything ill towards her father in fear of what Demetris would say. She wondered why he loathed her father so; one could not hold such a grudge for something as petty as a woman. There had to be something grave behind what Demetris had told her.
Come to think of it, Demetris began, I think I should also go visit my father.
He eyed her warningly. She knew the dangers of travelling when King Ballants spies were all over. It would not be safe for her to go.
I think it wise if he was to come here instead, he instructed rather than suggested.
If it is for the better, she answered.
So, I plan to ride for my kingdom the day after the morrow, Tabetha interrupted.
So soon? Demetris asked.
Yes, my being here had sent tension flying between my kingdom and yours. The longer I stay here I fear my father will wage war.
What wise words for a young Princess, he said to her, everything you require will be provided for you.
Thank you.
They ate quietly for the remainder of the meal. Demetris was first to excuse herself although it was tradition that the King rise first. She was the only one who dared go against him and he simply did not care. But she knew to stay within her boundaries for he was a quick man to anger. She saved her disapproval and arguments for when they were alone. He appreciated her discretion very much and for that he respected her. She had already settled in to sleep when he entered their chambers. She was still awake waiting for him. He disrobed and settled in next to her.
Speak your mind, he said to her.
I really do want to go see my father. I left in such haste, she answered.
It is not safe for you.
I was not seeking your permission. I was informing you of a decision I have made, she replied daringly.
And you dare go against my word?
If you are looking to control me Dramon, I am afraid it is in vain.
He sat up with a jerk and said, you dare insult me woman.
Realizing that she had annoyed him she dared not provoke him any further. With one hand she traced the tense features on his face. This seemed to have a calming effect on him. 
Pardon me my husband. I should not have shown such lack of respect.
Do not repeat it for I hate to be upset with you, he kissed her and bid her good night. 
He slept with his back to her. It was evident he was still upset with her. After all those years of living in solitude and under false identity; obeying orders was a thing she was not used to. Now that things were different it was difficult for her adjusting and being Queen would be even more difficult. He had not fallen asleep yet, like her he was prisoner to his own thoughts. He lay still, not making any movement.
Dramon, she nudged him gently as she called his name.
Yes Demetris.
Really do forgive me for I know you are still troubled.
It does not matter anymore, he replied dismissively.
Then why do you act so cold towards me?
Because, he said and turned to face her, you have changed, what happened to you?
I am no longer the sweet, innocent girl I was back then Dramon. I learnt the hard way and I had to live the hard way too. I am not fit to be a queen of any sort. It is out of love I agreed to this union.
I know we cannot be as we were but do not make things impossible. You refuse to submit to me yet you call yourself a wife. If you cannot pledge your undying loyalty to me then you are unworthy to be crowned Queen of Damius, he spoke bluntly.
Tears welled up in her eyes. She wept softly for the truth he had spoken troubled her. By marrying him, she had agreed to be under him as her husband and new King. Marriage was not at all as she had dreamt. There was so much required of her, so many rules to follow. He would postpone her crowning if she did not pledge her undying allegiance and support for him and every decision he would make. 
There, there, he said, do not cry. I wish not argue with you. It breaks my heart to see you cry like this. Now weep not my love.
With that he pulled her closer into his arms and kissed her passionately. She stopped crying and kissed him back, submitting to his will to do as he pleased with her as her husband. 
Meanwhile Tabetha got ready to go to bed. Ruby helped her undress and get into her sleeping gown. 
I cannot wait to go back, Ruby said.
I do miss my father very much, she added.
And will you tell them?
No, we shall not utter a word Ruby, she quickly said.
Why do you protect them?
I do not wish to ruin their happiness. They have treated us with such hospitality, it is only decent we repay their kindness, she answered.
You are right, the other servants here have been pretty accommodating especially Raphael, said Ruby with a blush.
Do you wish to stay behindfor him?
Oh no Princess; I could never bear to leave your side. My loyalty lies with you alone
Ruby you are not going to grow old with me. One thing I have learnt from our stay here is when an opportunity for love arises no matter the situation and conditions grasp it with your life.
Ruby sighed and replied, I am going back home with you.
Good, I would hate leaving you behind.
With that not more was said on the topic. Ruby was Tabethas servant and would serve her until the day she died even if it meant she would be alone without a companion to love her like any young woman her age desired. If she were to marry, it had to be someone from Jarethafat so that she could be close to the Princess.
                                           *********
King Ballant was relieved when he saw Tabetha riding in. He ran to meet her; he was happy to see his precious daughter. She disembarked her horse and ran into his embrace. The two had missed each other and both were glad to be re-united. Neither was had ever spent a large amount of time separated from the other, this had been the longest. He finally let go of her and asked, where have you been dear child? I have been worried.
I am well father. We got lost after wandering far and a village took us in, she lied.
Oh my dear child, I had started to think the worst.
They looked at each other and smiled. He led her into the hall; he wished to scold her but the words to do so, escaped him. He was just glad she was back home and safe. Queen Deidre however rushed to do so as soon as she saw her. The Queen did not even embrace her but continued scolding her. Tabetha stood quietly staring directly at her. Had she not kind words especially after being apart for so long?  
I thought you would be happy to see me mother, she finally said.
You cannot just do as you please, you are spoiled.
I can do anything I want. Now excuse me mother I need to go rest.
Queen Deidre was shocked at Tabethas behavior. What was that supposed to mean? The Queen could not stand such disrespect but she knew it was no use telling her husband who was thrilled to have his daughter back. He loved Tabetha so much he was blind of her indiscretions. She went for her chambers vowing to teach Tabetha a lesson some day. When Queen Deidre reached Tabethas chambers she barged in violently and demanded, you were in Damius, were you not?
Where I was does not concern you.
Did you marry him?
Who exactly are we talking about here?
You know well who I am referring to; King Dramon.
If it makes you feel any better, no I did not marry him. I was not in Damius; as I said before I was in some village where the people are a lot nicer than you, Tabetha replied coldly.
The Queen could say no more. Something had changed about Tabetha; she could not quite pinpoint it but was determined to get to the bottom of it. Ever since she sat back foot in Jarethafat Tabetha had been nothing but disrespectful towards her. It was evident in the way she spoke and acted. She visited King Ballants chambers that night to express her disapproval. He sat and listened as she went on about his daughters despicable behavior.
She speaks to me as if I am nothing, she complained.
You are overacting Deidre. Give her time; she was far from home
Does it not disturb you? I fear she is not being honest about her whereabouts.
King Ballant gave a small laugh and asked, what then do you suggest?
She was in Damius.
Oh Deidre, do not blow this out of proportion..,
Tell me the same thought hasnt crossed your mind?
Then you are suggesting that it is her who married Dramon?
Yes.
He broke out laughing. His wife could be so consumed at times and it was rather hilarious. 
Deidre do not pester me with such petty ravings, he said in between laughs.
It was no use talking to him she concluded. She stormed out and went to her chambers to retire for the night determined more than before to find out exactly where Tabetha was.
    
      
  
 



        
  

                 

SEVEN
Two years had passed since Demetris had left and Ardoh had not seen or heard from her. He preferred to live in solitude, away from the rest of the crowd. It might have been the reason she had not sent anyone because it would disclose him. He was not worried, he knew she was well. If any harm had come to her he would have felt it. In fact lately he had begun to feel her presence more as if her powers were intensifying. He rose from his seat and went out to get some air. At times his fortress became too much for him because of all the potions he brewed inside it.
He supplied them to the local physician and merchants. Medicine and potions had been his life from an early age and still were. Ardoh had chosen to use his power for good. What made his potions so effective were the enchantments and spells he put on them as he brewed. No one except his daughter knew for she had seen him often. He wondered why it was taking her so long to come back home. He had heard through rumor that King Dramon had married and he was pretty sure it was to her. The two had come so far and deserved to be happy. 
Regardless of the fact that King Dramon loved his daughter; he was an evil man with only selfish ambitions. He was only interested in satisfying his thirst for power and dominance. Even his soft spot for Demetris could not stop him or change him. So she had to be prepared to pay the price one day. Only once had he met Dramon. It did not need a second glance for Ardoh to see through the boy. He knew then that any union between his daughter and Dramon would bear disaster.
The Prophesy had been made by King Dramons own mother who had been a powerful woman during her prime. The King, Dramons father did not know of this and she had kept the truth about it from him. Up to the time of his death he had known of the magical powers she had possessed and how she had passed them to their second son. Dramon had only been a little boy when it had been foretold. This had scared his mother so much she had sent him away to reside with her brother. 
He was however no fool and had sought help on how to tame and control his power. It was only after his mothers death he had returned to Damius and succeeded the throne after his fathers passing. It puzzled Ardoh how a person like King Dramon was capable of feeling such a thing as love. There was no feign in his love for Demetris and for this he trusted him with his daughter.
                                                 *********
More people are pouring into the city gates my lady, Ezeck told Queen Demetris.
Accommodate them and give them food especially the old, pregnant and young, she answered.
War had broken out in the south near the midden borders. A rebellion had started and King Dramon had marched with his men to silence it once and for all. It had taken longer than she had expected, it had turned the rebellion was not to be underestimated. He had left her in charge as Queen with the help of Ezeck. She was worried both for her husband whom she had not heard from in a while and for the innocent people whose homes were being destroyed and now sought refuge in the castle walls. She hoped the war would soon be over and be contained so it would not spread to other parts.
I feel drained off strength Ezeck, I shall be resting if you need anything, she said as she stood up.
She lay down and shut her eyes. No one knew yet for she had not told anyone. Lately she had started to notice how her belly had started to bulge and how quick she was to tire. It could not possibly be, she kept telling herself. She had been with child before to know exactly what was happening to her body. King Dramons child grew inside her and it troubled her greatly. Had they lied when they said she could not bear any more children? She remembered how her father had told her that the future had its own ways.
It had been foretold and it was coming to pass. It was her after all the Prophesy spoke of, who would bear Dramon a child that would bring about havoc and tears to many. She wept silently, laying blame on herself for everything that was to happen. If she had not lived none of this would be taking place. If only she had listened to Ardoh and not gone to seek out Dramon would they all have been saved from that which was to come.
Ellawy, her maid walked in with a tub of water. She put it on the table and walked towards her Queen.
You are unwell again my lady, she said.
Yes Ellawy, I feel so exhausted.
Ellawy took a towel and dipped it into the tub of water. She took it out, squeezed it lightly and dabbed the Queens face with it to cool down her temperature. 
I will tell the tailor to make you new dresses, bigger ones, she said with a warm smile.
Thank you Ellawy, but either way very soon people will start to notice that I am growing heavy, Queen Demetris replied in worry.
You can go away, maybe to your father and come back after giving birth, she suggested.
The King is not here; I cannot leave until he returns.
But by that time it would be evident that you are with child and the King
Queen Demetris sighed and faced sideways. Ellawy was correct, if the King found out he would not let her out of his sight. She was even afraid of Ezeck finding out because he would surely send word to Dramon. Of course she could go and live with Ardoh but what would the King say if he were to return and find his Queen absent and the throne empty. He had left her in charge, to rule in his stead and he would be so enraged. Even if she were to do that, she could not hide his child from him forever. Some day he would find out and she could not bear to imagine what he would do to her. She loved King Dramon more than anything but she also feared him.
I shall need you to do something for me Ellawy. I want you to go someplace for me.
Anything for you, I will do gladly.
Pass me that parchment and a quill. I shall write a note that I need you to deliver to my father.
Ellawy did as told and Demetris scribbled on the piece of parchment and folded it saying, take this, go through the thick part of the forest to the west, when you are there I shall guide you and he will find you.
Ellawy did not understand how it would be. Rumor had it that the King and Queen were sorcerers and possessed powers beyond anyones imagination. Queen Demetris saw the confused look on her maids face and explained to her. Ellawy had proven to be trustworthy and if she was to risk her life for her she needed to know why. Ellawy left to find Ardoh. Queen Demetris lay staring at the window, thinking of her husband. She missed him, now that he had been away for a long time.
Why were they taking so long to come back and no word had been sent? At times she feared the worst but Ezeck reassured her that all was well. She fell asleep and drifted off to a place she had not visited before. King Dramon was there but she could not see his face. A woman was crying, begging him to spare her life. It was as if she was seeing this from a distance because she could clearly make out the womans face. The woman was on her knees, pleading. There was a metallic sound and he took out his sword and the next thing she saw the woman fell to the ground, dead. Dramon wiped the blood off his sword and walked away with a look of satisfaction on his face.
She woke up with a start before learning the identity of the woman. It could be anyone, even someone she did not know. She felt the evil intent. She hugged the blanket closer to her but it was no comfort whatsoever. 
Ardoh felt his daughters aura calling out to him. He went outside and stared at the path. He walked towards it, she was beckoning him and he followed. Ardoh had not walked far when he saw a young woman standing next to a brown horse. There her voice stopped and he knew she wanted him to find this woman.
Who are you? He asked cautiously.
A faithful servant of Queen Demetris of Damius, she replied.
She handed him the letter and he read it carefully. He sighed in disbelief at the contents of the letter. 
Wait for me here, he said and ran back to his fortress.
He came back moments later riding a grey steed. He motioned for her to get on her horse and they rode for Damius. They did not stop even to rest as the horses ran as fast as their hooves could carry them.
                                            *********
You look worried, Ruby said to Tabetha as she helped her dress.
I had another vision, the same one I have been having. Something is wrong with my mother; I see her face pale and sullen.
You cannot visit her, Ruby warned. 
I know it is too risky.
It had been years since she had learnt that Demetris was her real mother. She had embraced this reality and resented Queen Deidre for not telling her. With Demetris there was a strong connection between them even though they had only spent a little time together. With Queen Deidre they shared no bond even though she had grown up thinking she was her mother. Queen Demetris was warm and kind whereas Queen Deidre was just stone cold.
                                              **********
I told you Demetris, I warned you, now look what has happened Ardoh shouted at her.
She just sat quietly. There was nothing to say to justify her actions. It was all true that he had warned her.
now you want to include me in this scheme of yours. I have been living in peace away from the world and all its vanity and you want to ruin that. What if Dramon finds out? he continued.
I did not think it would be possible father
Oh do not give me that. You are not too old Demetris. You knew you were still of child bearing age
I love him plus I thought they said I could not
That was a lie concocted for Dramon to lose interest in you thinking you could not bear him a child, he paused and sighed, I know child but do you realize that there is no turning back now.
She nodded in agreement, I know.
Even if you take the child away from Dramon, the child would someday answer to his calling.
Please father, she begged.
If Dramon learns of this we will both fall victims to his wrath. Let him raise his child and let the future take its course. Do you know what would happen if the child grows up deprived off its fathers love, it will hate you
But if that helps prevent
No it does not, it would only worsen things. You would not want having your own child loathing you believe me. Raise him Demetris and show him the right way, Ardoh advised.
Dramon will corrupt him.
Ardoh did not want to play any part in this. Demetris had always tried to do the right thing, correct mistakes but it always backfired. She had stopped Dramon from taking Tabetha and it was her who had ended up marrying him and how she carried his child. She must have learnt long back that all her efforts to make things right were always fruitless. It was as if disaster followed wherever she stepped foot.
After this you should know better. It is no use running Demetris, you know very well Dramon will catch up. He always does.
Oh for once stop lecturing and help me, she said.
I will do it but after this you are not on your own. I do not know if my enchantment will work on him but if it does whatever you do, do not become intimate with him until you have given birth, he warned.
So Ardoh performed the concealing enchantment on her. No one except her would be able to see her bulging stomach. They would see her slim figure when they looked at her. This would deceive their eyes. Soon after delivering she would let Ardoh remove the enchantment and Dramon would never know. She would take the child away to be raised by someone else.
I could raise the child for you, Ellawy suggested. 
No, said Ardoh, the child might grow to resemble Dramon. You need to take him far away.
What if the King is not deceived? Ellawy asked.
Then you have better hope he does not come back until you complete your term. He will know you deceived him, he said.
She nodded for she knew the right person she would take her son to. After losing Tabetha she had always longed to have another child. One she could hold and soothe when it cried, feed when hungry and bathe when dirty. If she was to take this child away, this would not be so. It was worth a try, she would visit him. She was determined to make him grow up knowing she was his mother. What would happen when he started to question of his father and why he had to live without his parents? Ardoh, she feared could be correct that someday the child would answer to his calling. He would have royal blood flowing through his veins, Dramons blood.   
Demetris had wanted Ardoh to raise the child but he wanted no part to play in all this. She understood his concern. When would she ever stop running, all her life she was always escaping from either this or that? Even now she thought she was finally settled, deep inside she was still on the run. 
When will you listen to me Demetris?
I could not bear to live knowing that I could have done something.
What is it exactly that you are trying to prove to yourself?
That I am not a failure. I have disappointed you many times father and myself, she replied.
If you want to make me proud, do not do this.
She avoided his gaze. His request, she could not grant. It was all too late now. Her mind was made up and she was not going back.
I have to try.
This child you carry is powerful, I can feel your power grow by the day, its powers grow with it. Be careful my child, for you cannot deceive the world for long.
These were his final words and he left. Ellawy went and out a hand around her in an effort to comfort her. The enchantment had worked because she could not see the bulge anymore. The Queen looked never better.
Do you think I should listen to my father? she asked her maid.
Ellawy knowing that the Queen expected nothing but an honest answer replied, yes I do, but whatever you choose l will be by your side. Let me pretend to be pregnant and when you give birth I shall take the child and claim it. That way the King would not question.
Oh Ellawy, I do not know what I would do without you.
                                              **********
Days passed and they turned into months and no one seemed to notice how the Queen had grown heavy. Soon she would birth her son. The bond between them grew by the day and the thought of parting with it devastated her. The only person she shared her sorrows with Ellawy. She caressed her belly and felt a kick and smiled. She felt herself fill with abundant love for this child yet to be born; yet to someday ruin the lives of many and destroy many kingdoms.
She missed a heart beat when she heard the trumpets sound. He was back, King Dramon had returned. Queen Demetris hurried down to the staircase and went out. She saw him as he rode in followed by a mass of his warriors. His gaze fell on her and she could not breathe for a second. He heart beat furiously. What if unlike the rest he could see past Ardohs enchantment? She slowly walked towards him. He got off his horse and hurried to her. But before he took her into his embrace he hesitated and studied her carefully. 
She gasped in fear and forced a smile. King Dramon embraced her and whispered into her ear how much he had missed her and was glad to be back. Queen Demetris only managed to continue smiling forcedly. Back inside the castle as he took off his armor she asked, why did it take you so long to come back?
After defeating the Crackens and their excuse of a rebellion we moved on to other lands in the midden. I am happy to say we were victorious, the borders of Damius have stretched, he answered.
I was worried; you did not send word
My dear wife, we were in battle and we slept with one eye open. It was no time to write petty love letters, he cut her off with a scoff.
She banged the goblet she was holding on the table with such the noise produced made an echo. He looked at her, this was not normal for her to have tantrums. Realizing that she had acted foolishly she quickly asked for forgiveness. He was quick to dismiss it. She noticed how he clutched his left arm whenever he thought she was not looking.  
Dramon, you were hurt, she said as she reached to touch his arm gently.
It is nothing, he said as he pushed her hand away.
Such pride he had. As his wife she acknowledged that though he was a powerful man he was also human and mortal. His was like everyone else a mere mortal man.
Let me look at it, do not be like that with me, she said.
Seeing the concern and warmth in her eyes he let her. Plus he also felt something else when she touched him, as if they made a connection he had not felt before. She studied the arm and it had an ugly wound which looked infected.
Goodness Dramon, did you have this treated?
He shook his head and she went on about scolding him for putting his pride above his health.
I was stabbed by a poisoned arrow. The physician I took with me was killed during an ambush so I had Raphael look at it but as you can see by the state my arm is in he is no physician.  
Being a physicians daughter and possessing certain powers she used this to heal his wound. He suppressed a cry of pain as he felt the wound burn as if it were on fire. The pain later subdued and the wound was nowhere in sight. He traced his arm where the wound had been and there was nothing. 
You know for a man of your great exploits I am surprised you had not thought of that, she mocked him playfully. 
Healing never quite sparked my interest, he lied.
You do not know how to, do you?
Do not make me admit that, he warned warmly, but I will admit that one cannot possess all.
What a proud man her Dramon was, she thought with a laugh. She guessed it had taken every muscle in his body to admit to his imperfections. No one could have it all and he was right. She could not have everything she longed for, even a child to raise and love as she loved the man who stood in front of her now. The enchantment had deceived him too for he did not seem to notice how heavy she had grown or was had he noticed but failed to say it. She closed her eyes and inhaled some air. Her feet were tired and she needed to sit. Queen Demetris felt him grip her tightly and she opened her eyes.
Are you well? he asked with a frown of concern on his face.
Why do you ask?
For a second there I thought you were going to collapse. You look exhausted Demetris, he replied.
I have not been getting enough rest lately with everything that has been taking place, she half lied.
He let go of her and stared at her as she left the room. He had felt it again; the strange sensation as if she was exerting energy. Something had changed about her but he could not quite pinpoint it. She looked different and there was a look of fear in her eyes. He made it a point to ask her later on what bothered her. That night when he settled in next to her he felt her tense. This was not usual of her. Whenever he had gone to bed before she had been there waiting patiently for him welcomingly. Now seemed as if she was distancing herself from him and this concerned him.
He moved closer to her, still she did not welcome him. Queen Demetris had dreaded this moment. He would surely demand his right to her as her husband especially since they had not been close for a long time now. She was afraid he felt her tension and reluctance. Ardoh had clearly warned her that she should restrain from being intimate with the King until after she had given birth. King Dramon wanted to ask but resisted the urge to. Maybe they had been apart for too long but was she not supposed to be happy and willing to be in his arms.
Move closer to me, he said.
She did so in order not to arouse any suspicion from him. He tried to kiss her but she turned away to his utter surprise. How could she refuse him after this long?
Are you still upset as what I said this afternoon? I apologized, did I not?
No, I can never stay upset with you for so long, she replied starting to feel a bit guilty.
Then what is the matter?
I am not well Dramon.
He did not argue with her but left her be. Maybe she was because he had seen how slow she had become and how quick she was to tire. Deciding not to question her any further but to ask Ezeck the following morning, he kissed her on the forehead and bid her goodnight. He fell asleep; the long march home had left him exhausted. She remained awake as guilt ate through her. King Dramon deserved to know his child; deserved to share her joy and expectations. She was denying him this and for that great guilt consumed like venom spreading through ones veins.
It was a lengthy period until she was finally able to fall asleep. As soon as her eyes closed she found herself in a familiar place. It was the dream again but just as unclear as before. Did the dream mean he would find out? Was she the woman he killed and found pleasure in doing so? If it was not her who was the woman and what was her crime? But it could not be her, she never dreamt of her own future. If only she could get a closer look to see who it was. In the dream it was as if she was being cautious and keeping her distance afraid that he would kill her too if she moved any closer.
                                          **********
The tournament was a few days away. This was where all the fighters from all lands came and engaged in combat for their homelands honor and pride. The winner would also walk away with a chest of gold and the hand of any maiden if he so desired. It was during one of these tournaments way back King Dramon had first set eyes on Queen Demetris. She looked young and happy. His eyes had followed her every movement. It was at that moment in time he had started to feel the urge to protect her. 
His eyes darkened in jealousy when she spoke to other men. He fought his best determined to make her notice him but alas her sights were not on the combat. She was not even watching; her face had boredom written all over. Lady Deidre had noticed him however but did not spark his fancy. It was Demetris he found attractive. He had followed her into the garden and plucked a wild rose for her. It was then her eyes had mesmerized him, capturing his heart. 
The tournament was held after each five years at the old city of Hangrig which had long been abandoned by its residents after a plague hit. Now the city remained inhabited except for the caretaker, his family and a few individuals. The city had once been filled with grandeur and riches but now it was deserted. After Morgades death to the plague it had see no proper maintenance as all the people had fled. People had started pouring in to the city finding accommodation for the duration of the tournament. Inn keepers made a lot of money as countless numbers of people paid for rooms to rent.
Nobles set camps with tents embedded with family crests and seals. King Ballant had also set camp. He would not be fighting; he had not done so since his defeat to King Dramon. Rather he would be watching his best fighters in combat. Queen Deidre and Tabetha had also tagged along; it was an event not to be missed. King Dramon had pitched tents near the edge of the city away from the rest of the crowd. Queen Demetris stayed inside for she did not want to be seen. Any day from now she would be due, the contractions had started. Ellawy had come with her even though the King had discouraged it. She had stuck to her promise to fake a pregnancy for the Queen. She could let Queen Demetris travel alone in her state.
The Queen knew King Ballant and Queen Deidre would be present and soon or later they would have an encounter. She dreaded confronting them, in her condition it would not be ideal. That evening Tabetha sneaked out of her tent and went to see Queen Demetris. She was with Ellawy when she entered the tent who sat fanning her. At first glance Tabetha knew there had to be something wrong with her mother. It took a really close look to understand. Her mother was with child and she shrieked in excitement. Tabetha ran to sit next to her. 
Mother, you are
Hush, Queen Demetris rushed to say, do not be so loud, Dramon is close.
But
It is a long story and if I tell you swear not to tell a soul, she said.
Tabetha swore to silence, never to breathe a word for as long as she lived. She listened carefully in amusement as her mother spoke. Queen Demetris was left with no choice but to tell her the truth about the Prophesy and how dangerous it would be if King Dramon found out. Tabetha nodded in agreement digesting every word with understanding. All things that had puzzled her fell in place.
How come I can see it then?
You have the gift of sight dear child, she replied, I am so afraid Tabetha.
Fear not mother, I shall also help, Tabetha turned to face Ellawy, thank you for doing this for my mother. I am most grateful.
It is my duty, replied Ellawy.
Queen Demetris lay back and took a deep breath. Ellawy continued fanning her to keep her cool. Tabetha held her hand symbolizing the love she had began to feel for her. She felt touched by her actions. If it were not for Demetris she would be the one carrying King Dramons child. So had her visions lied to her? Was she not the one who was pleading for her mother to save her child? Was it happening the other way round? After some time Tabetha bid them farewell and retired to her own tent on the other side of the city. No one seemed to have noticed that she had gone out.
King Dramon came back late finding his Queen fast asleep. He watched her sleep and envied how peaceful she seemed. In his mind he had not known peace, even as a child he had not been capable of such. Greed, anger and bitterness corrupted his mind. At times he told himself that his love for Demetris and the concern for his people were the only virtues he possessed. A tear fell which he quickly wiped away. Lately he had started to feel more responsible for her, maybe because she was unwell and it troubled him to see her in such a state. All the physicians could not determine the cause and he suspected it was magic.
He wished to spend more time with her but he had to train with his warrior. He needed him to win in order to prove his kingdom was still the best. He had once lost to King Ballant when they were young. King Ballant had been recently crowned and needed the victory to gain his peoples confidence. This loss had left a huge bruise to his ego. Although he had years later defeated King Ballant in combat it was still not satisfying enough. It was when King Ballant had won and claimed Deidres hand. She could not refuse for her parents were thrilled and the rules of the tournament forbid it. He had seen her misery, she had wanted him but he had wanted another.
                                             *********
The drums were beat as the arena filled signaling the start of the tournament. The ordinary sat on one side of the arena whilst the other side was reserved for nobles and royals. People stood up as a sign of respect whenever a noble or royal entered and took their seat. Queen Deidre walked beside her husband as Tabetha followed close behind. They were about to reach their seats when she saw her. Her eyes surely had to be deceiving her, she had to be dreaming. King Ballant was in an equal state of shock as he recognized the face. Queen Demetris stood up slowly recognizing the two people she had once trusted and who in return had betrayed her.
King Dramon looked on with an evil look on his face. The look of shock written on their faces pleased him greatly. For a moment they looked frozen in grief and utter shock.
Do I see a ghost? King Ballant asked as he moved closer carefully.
Yes Ballant, I have come back to haunt you, she replied coldly.
He looked like he was about to cry and said, oh how I have spent sleepless nights condemning myself for what I did to you. Oh Demetris
It is Queen Demetris now, King Dramon broke in as he stared coldly at them.
Queen? Queen Deidre asked in almost a whisper.
Yes Deidre, Queen Demetris said, I guess we are equal now.
Mother, Tabetha said and both Queens turned to face her.
How dare you turn your head, Queen Demetris spat at Queen Deidre in rage, you are not her mother.
Mother, Tabetha said once more, you are not well, take a seat.
She sat down and Queen Deidre stared at Tabetha in surprise. She had just addressed Demetris as her mother instead of her. Tabetha moved and put a hand on her mothers shoulder. It was a silent way of telling her to calm down; it was not good for her condition.
Tabetha!
She knows the truth, Queen Demetris spoke for her.
Excuse us Tabetha, King Ballant ordered.
She did as told and they were left alone. They sat down because people were starting to stare in their direction. It would be rather indiscrete to create a scene. The four waved at the crowd who did not care much.
Do not worry Ballant, King Dramon began, she forgave you or else we would not be sitting here this very moment. You would probably be a prisoner of war in one of my dungeons together with that excuse of
Dramon, Queen Demetris warned softly.
She knew what he was going to say. This was no time or place to exchange harsh words especially in the presence of all these people. He obeyed her, understanding it was for the best. King Ballant and Queen Deidre looked extremely agitated and restless. They were not expecting such a confrontation at such a moment. They sat quiet for a while, tears threatened Demetriss eyes as she looked at her once close friend. She stood up and they all looked up at her.
I need some air, she told King Dramon, I shall not be long, I feel out of breath.
He nodded and let her go. Tension brewed as Dramon noted, you should be grateful for if it were not for her your little Jarethafat would be in ruins and under my rule.
I am, King Ballant replied.
His army would be no match for King Dramons. If they were to engage in battle he would suffer tremendous defeat and he was truly grateful. King Ballant sat with his head in his hands feeling embarrassed and helpless at the same time. He struggled to find the right words to express the guilt that he had kept all those years. What he had done to Demetris haunted him. He remembered the fear and betrayal in her eyes the night he had intruded her bed. Queen Deidre however would have none of it and sat with her arms folded proudly. She felt no remorse whatsoever even after realizing that the friend she had once thought dead had turned out alive and well. She wanted to scold her husband for being so soft. He should stand up to the bully Dramon, till when would they stop living in fear of him.
She might have pardoned you but you still have a long way to go with me.
I thought she had died during childbirth, King Ballant said to himself.
She did not as you see. Your poor plot did not work.
King Ballant looked up at him in surprise and asked, what plot?
Oh Dramon, spare us your bitter lies Queen Deidre broke in to prevent him from speaking the truth.
I DO NOT TELL LIES, he roared in irritation, you tried to kill her. As if it had not been enough she had bore you a child.
King Ballant looked questionably at his wife who had grown paler. All this time he thought Demetris had died in childbirth. This information was new to him meaning his wife had lied to him. What kind of person was she? Queen Deidre just sat fidgeting avoiding both mens gaze. The truth was finally out and she knew no matter what she said King Ballant would never believe her.
Honestly Dramon, I know not of what you speak of, King Ballant confessed.
Deidre does, King Dramon said with a scoff, there had been no need to kill her. You knew well she would have kept your secret.
I did what needed to be done, she responded.
Darn you Deidre; are you that heartless? her husband asked with a pained tone in his voice.
The first fight was about to start and they became silent. They sat quietly to watch although they would not be paying any attention. King Ballant felt at the verge of tears. He had been devastated when his wife had reported Demetris dead. He had so wanted to ask her forgiveness but with her dead he would have to endure a life of regret and guilt; seeing her that day and having his wife admit to such cruelty scared and tore his heart apart.


















EIGHT
I think its time, Queen Demetris said as she clutched her belly.
But it is not yet time, you still have a few more days, Tabetha said starting to panic.
That is not helping.
She let out a scream, it was time. The confrontation had triggered her early labor pains. She breathed heavily and tried hard not to scream. The last thing she wanted was to grab attention with her screams. Tabetha did what first came to her head and tried to make her stand. Ellawy helped and they got her to her feet. They were fortunate the tent overlooked the forest and no one would see them.
Let me get a carriage ready. We need to take you away from here, Ellawy said and rushed outside.
The timing could never have been better. Everyone had gone to the arena so there was no one to see them sneak Queen Demetris into onr of the carriages. Ellawy took the reins and they went into the forest following a path that looked like it had not been used in quite some time. Where they went, only the Queen knew. Tabetha tried to make her mother as comfortable as possible, whispering reassuring words. Her mother wriggled in pain and she was sweating profoundly. It would not be long until she was to give birth.
Meanwhile back at his fortress Ardoh halted suddenly and listened. He could hear her calling out to him for help. He could feel the pleading and desperation she felt. He rushed to his medicine box and took out some clean cloth. Ardoh jumped onto his horse and sped through the trees following her cry for help. It would not be difficult tracing her, he always had a strong bond with her. One were they could communicate even if they were millions of miles away from each other.
Ellawy saw a rider approach and she slowed down. She recognized him from afar and he motioned for her to follow him. They followed a path that led deeper into the forest. It did not take long before they reached his fortress and Ellawy jumped from her seat and opened the carriage door. Tabetha peaked out and asked, where are we?
Ardoh ordered for them to bring Demetris inside whilst he rushed to clear the room. It took a while but they finally managed to get her into her quarters.
You heard me father, she said weakly.
I always do child, he said, I could never abandon my own.
It took longer than he had expected for she was no longer young. Finally when they thought it would go on she gave birth. The boy cried and this put a smile on her face. She held her child closely as tears of joy filled her eyes. With Tabetha she had not had the chance to hold her. The baby opened its eyes and she gasped at the resemblance her son had with his father. The shiny dark eyes his father also possessed looked around. Although at this stage he could not be able to see she knew he could hear her.
My son, she whispered, I shall call you Raiden after your grandfather. 
At least she owed Dramon that much. She was naming her son after King Dramons father who had been the King of Damius before him. She slept afterwards because she was so tired. A smile crossed her face as she slept. Ardoh took the child and held him. This was the child the Prophesy spoke of who would one day rule the land with cruelty and ruthlessness.
Can I Granpapa? Tabetha asked Ardoh for permission to hold the child.
Tabetha was really excited as she hugged the child close to her. Ellawy came and they started talking about how beautiful he was. She had a little brother, she had always longed for a sibling. Ardoh sat looking at his sleeping daughter; he only hoped she knew what she was doing. The child was still young and innocent and deserved the love of both its parents. He remembered raising Demetris on his own after her mother had left them. She had grown up thinking her mother was dead for he wanted to spare his child the pain of feeling rejected and abandoned. Her mother had remarried a blacksmith and up to now did not know if she was still alive or not.
                                           *******
It was already midnight and Queen Demetris had not returned yet. King Dramon was starting to worry for she had not been in a good state earlier. She was very upset and was still was, what else would explain her late return? He knew after such a scenario she would want to be alone but he wanted to there for her. at least she had gone with her pregnant maid Ellawy, she was not alone. He sensed movement at the entrance of his tent and Queen Deidre walked in.
What do you want? he asked indifferently.
I am here to call a truce.
Leave, I do not wish to be making amends with you.
She went to him and put a hand on his arm. He had such thew, she thought as she traced his arms with the tips of her fingers. King Dramon threw her hand away because he knew what she was trying to do. Her seductions did not work on him and she was wasting her time.
Your filthy hand is as cold as your heart, he said with a frown.
You are one to speak Dramon, you and I are exactly the same. We deserve each other
You never give up do you?
It is your entire fault you know. If you had won that match and picked me as your bride and not rejected me even when I made it perfectly clear I was willing, Demetris would not have found herself in such a situation.
He grabbed her by the throat as his long fingers circled around it choking her. She tried to fight but his hold was too strong. She was choking as he tightened his grip around her neck. Her eyes opened widely as he looked into them with a burning desire to kill.
Never, ever dare, he said and let go of her.
She coughed and breathed heavily. Her neck burned as if it were on fire. For many years she had loved him but he had chosen to love another. In spite of all her attempts to make him notice her, he had not cared. She hated Demetris for this. She left the tent and went back to her own. What had she hoped to achieve by visiting him? Did she think he would change his mind and accept her? She felt more hate for Demetris than she ever had. King Ballant stood waiting for her. H had woken up to see her gone. His suspicions had been quickly aroused. 
She came in at that moment muttering something under her breath. Queen Deidre did not seem to notice him standing behind her. She massaged her neck and almost jumped when he asked, where have you been?
I hadhad gone out, she paused, concocting a lie in her mind, to get some air.
And your neck, it looks swollen?  
It is a collar I wore too tightly.
 He eyed her knowing well she was not being honest with him. He wondered how many more secrets she kept from him. If it were not for King Dramon he would have never known the real truth behind Demetriss disappearance those many years back. Queen Deidre was so unloving. For the first time he saw her for who she really was, a deceiver. He regretted ever marrying her. He knew she had loved another but had not known it was King Dramon she had wanted. Now he knew the other man she had loved was none other than the King of Damius.
King Ballant had hoped that someday she would start loving him just as he loved her. His love for her had died when he realized that she would never allow herself to be capable of such towards him. He need not say a word more as he shook his head at her. She just stared at him for there was nothing more left to say between them. The woman he had chosen to be his wife and Queen had brought him nothing but hurt and misery through the years of their marriage and he wondered if it was his curse for the rest of his life. Was this his punishment for what he had done to Demetris?
                                               *******
Tabetha came back with a letter for King Dramon from her mother a few days later. He read it and thanked her for it. Queen Demetris had informed him that she was with Ardoh and would not be attending the tournament. She was too upset to face King Ballant and Queen Deidre again. The letter also told him that Ellawy had given birth to a son thus they would be staying with Ardoh for the duration of the tournament. He could however wait for her, she would join them upon return to Damius but he decided he would pass through Ardohs fortress instead. 
King Dramon was relieved to learn that she was in safe hands. Her maid would probably be too weak to travel back so soon. It was then he longed to have a son of his own; one that would take after him and follow in his stead. Maybe Queen Demetris could not conceive any more children. She was no longer young and her body might be failing her. He sighed and hoped the future was blissful and full of promise. 
                                                *********
Queen Demetris had regained her strength and had never been any happier. She spent most of the time with Raiden, singing to him. She felt invincible and complete at the sight of her son. Ardoh was beginning to worry for her. the more time she spent with the boy would make their parting a lot more difficult. 
Demetris, you are growing too close, he said one morning, it is time you two separated before it becomes too hard.
I know but I just love him so much, she said.
Where are you going to take him?
I thought you might have changed your mind and decide to raise him. He could learn so much from
No, he cut her off immediately, I told you not to involve me. I have already compromised myself enough.
When a person had made up their mind it was usually useless trying to persuade them otherwise. If he agreed it meant she could be close to her son and be able to visit him any time. He would grow up at least not deprived off both parents. Apart from Ardoh there was only one person she trusted would raise the boy as if it were their own. She wrapped him up in a warm quilt and put her coat on. It would be a long journey and if she was to make it back in time to return to Damius with King Dramon she had to make haste. He gave her some food for the journey and his own horse.
Take care, he told her.
Ellawy wanted to go with her but she told her to stay incase King Dramon came looking for them. She tied Raiden onto her using a long piece of cloth and rode into the day. Along the way she made sure she took quick breaks to feed her son. It was three days until she reached her destination. She looked around at the small town she had called home for twenty years. Queen Demetris smiled at those who recognized her but dared not make conversation. She saw the cottage she was looking for and knocked gently. Irene opened the door and expressed joy in seeing her friend again.
They went inside into the small living room that had a fire burning to keep it warm. Queen Demetris begged her friend to take her son and raise him as soon as they settled down. 
Martina, you know I already have three mouths to feed, Irene said.
I need your help dear friend. I will pay for whatever expense taking care of him will accrue, she begged.
It has been years since you left and you return with a child. Tell me the truth Martina, what is going on?
She sighed and stared into the fire. Her story was one she did not find pleasure in discussing. It was a long story to tell and she started from the very beginning not leaving out any detail about who she really was and the Prophesy about her son. Irene was shocked to hear it all. As a child she hada heard tales of people who possessed the power of magic. She had lived so close to and befriended one who was one and the thought scared her. it scared her how little she knew the person she so trusted with her life and who was like a sister to her.
So you see my friend, I really need your help.
I willI will raise him as if he were my own for you.
I am most grateful.
Queen Demetris embraced her friend in gratitude. They sat catching up on all the time she had been away. 
One day when he is old enough should I tell him about you? Irene asked before they retired to bed for the night.
No, if he knows he will be tempted to trace his roots. I shall not be able to visit because he can never know who I truly am, she warned. 
I understand. So you are a Queen now?
Yes, Queen Demetris. That is my true name.
I shall take good care of him.
And Irene, do not tell a soul about what I just told you. The truth can be dangerous if told to the wrong people.
If there is one thing I can do is keep a secret and yours is safe, locked away in my heart, Irene promised.
Good night Irene, she said with a smile.
Good night Queen Demetris.
They retired for the night. Queen Demetris slept holding her child for the last time ever. When Irene woke up the following morning she was gone. The baby lay soundlessly where Demetris had lain. Next to the baby was a pouch of gold coins. Irene picked up the child and whispered, do not worry young Prince, with me you are safe.
Queen Demetris could not stop weeping; even Ellawy and Ardoh could not comfort her. An empty space filled her heart. 
You should compose yourself, Ardoh advised her, any day from now Dramon will be arriving.
She tried to but to no avail. Although she knew Irene would take care Raiden in the best way she could it was no consolation for the emptiness she felt inside. Already she missed her son; his bright black eyes that brought joy to her every time she looked into them. It was going to be difficult but this was the path she had chosen to walk in. Most of her life was spent keeping secrets, was it ever going to end? King Dramon was going to come get her and she was going to be a good wife to him. At least it might make up for the son she had taken from him.       
His arrival was earlier than anticipated. King Dramons carriage with the royal crest of a black dragon drawn in front of it drew up next to Ardohs fortress. She kissed her father goodbye and went into the carriage. King Dramon walked up to Ardoh for he wished to have a word with him. Even though he was a King he still had to show Ardoh his respect since he was his in-law. They went inside and took seats at the table. He cleared his throat and expressed, I wish to ask for forgiveness for marrying your daughter without asking for her hand and gaining your approval.
All is forgotten, Ardoh replied as he placed a hand on King Dramons shoulder, you have my approval.
The King smiled and gave a nod. Nothing more was needed to be said, actions spoke louder than any words. King Dramon stood up and left to go outside so that they could embark on their journey back to his home. The carriage left for Damius and Queen Demetris sat next to her husband holding his hand. It was going to be a long travel ahead o them.
Who won? she asked in an effort to make conversation.
Jazu, from one of the Northern tribes and he was pretty good, I have to say. I hear they train well up there, he replied calmly.
Better than you?
I have to admit, maybe. I think it is time I improved my training techniques.
Did he pick a maiden?
The people of the Northern tribes prefer to marry their own. My guess is he will pick amongst his own upon arrival home.
She looked up at him in wonder and asked, why have you never made an attempt to seize their land? From what I hear their land is very fertile.
He gave a small laugh and replied, my father drew up a peace treaty between the two kingdoms. I cannot go against that because it was his last wish on his death bed that I try to keep peace with them.
As if he knew that once you became king you would try and take the Northern lands. That was clever of him, dont you think? she said with a hint of humor in her voice.
King Dramon laughed and leaned back comfortably. Despite what people said about him he had a good side to him, a more virtuous side. She rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes. He kissed her head warmly and whispered softly, rest, we have a long ride ahead of us. Soon we will be home. I love you Demetris.
Likewise my King, I love you.
END






















Book Two:
The Heir









 ONE
Raiden leave it alone, Merosa pleaded with him in tears.
He pushed her aside and continued to hit the bird with the stone he was holding. Merosa cried even louder and said, you are cruel Raiden, you are mean.
She ran away not wanting to see him torture the poor bird any more. She was bringing it to their mother so that she could mend its broken wing when he had snatched it from her. Raiden started hitting it with a stone. As far as Merosa was concerned, her brother was a very cruel and mean boy. He never ceased to seize any opportunity to cause pain. At only seven years of age he was tall for his age and although he was the youngest he acted as if he were older than them all. He had shiny dark hair and black eyes that pierced through a person. 
After being satisfied with his minor conquest he stood up and smiled at the bloody, disfigured bird. Raiden felt comfort in causing pain and turmoil to creatures, plants and people. His mother, Irene had scolded him countless times but it had not helped. The way he found consolation in destruction worried her gravely. By the time he got home his mother was waiting for him at the door with her arms folded. He knew he was about to go through one of her scolding. He gave her a smile but she pushed him inside and banged the door behind them.
This is the fourth time you have done this to your sister, explain yourself Raiden, she said.
I was just having some fun play mama, besides Merosa is a cry baby, he said without a single trait of remorse.
What is wrong with you child? Have I not raised you to be better than this?
I am truly apologetic mama.
She hissed something under her breath and went back to scrubbing her pans. He set out to find Merosa to also ask her for forgiveness. Raiden knew if he did not and his eldest brother Leegan got wind of it, he would receive a thorough lashing. He respected Leegan and at times looked up to him. When he was old enough he would join his brothers trade of woodcutting. Three more years and he would be old enough to join Leegan in the woods. Although woodcutting was what he wanted to do when he became of age he could not help feel drawn whenever he saw a convoy of soldiers.
He felt a pull as if his place was on the battle field. He felt the weapons calling out to him. He had trained in the woods whenever he got time pretending that a stick was his sword. Most of the time he used his pocket knife, the one his second brother Hugh had given to him the previous year. 
                                                 ********
On return to Damius, Queen Demetris had kept her promise to be a better wife than before. She laughed but deep down she still felt sad that her child was being raised by another woman. A prince by birthright, he would grow up a mere peasant. King Dramon could not help sense her discomfort. He had tried to ask but she always pushed the subject aside. He let it go for he had other matters that disturbed him also. Years had passed and he had started being skeptical about the Prophesy. Had it not been his mother who had told it? Could it have been a pigment of her imagination or was it a trick? 
He went to seek counsel with Ezeck who was quick to reassure him with words of comfort and encouragement.
I begin to think the so called Prophesy was a hoax, he said losing heart.
Your mother was a great woman, your Majesty. I doubt it would have been one, Ezeck replied with a reassuring tone.
It has been four years, will it ever be that she will conceive. She is not growing any young Ezeck, he confided.
It will happen, all in due time.
If he was to die childless, the throne would go to his older brother Campion. He had last heard from his brother many years back. The two had not always seen eye to eye with Campion having been the rightful heir to the throne. His brother disdained him for ascending the throne of Damius instead of him. Their father had left Campion without a claim; he was the royal Duke of Machrend. The last time they had seen each other was at their fathers burial where Campion had shown clear disapproval of their fathers choice to crown him.
He cursed at the idea of Campion becoming King or one of his sons. He would not stand for that, all he had worked hard for and achieved would be handed to his brother on a silver platter. Queen Demetris walked in and was disturbed to see him so troubled. She knew instantly what brought him unrest. Could her guilt allow her to keep the secret any longer? It had drained him off peace of mind, only if he knew that the heir he so craved already existed. But it would only end with if only because she could not bear his anger if she told him.
 There were times when she felt like running into his arms and confessing all she had done. Her better judgment restrained her from doing so. There were others she protected, those she also cared for who knew the secret and who would suffer greatly if he found out. There was Ardoh, Tabetha, Ellawy and Irene to consider. Queen Demetris walked up to him and gave him a comforting smile. This did not help but he acknowledged her efforts.
I hate to see you like this, she said.
I believe it had become a regular sight these days, he answered sarcastically.
That did not sound polite.
Pardon me; there is someplace I need to be.
It was not true; he wanted to be alone with his thoughts. He knew she was only showing her concern and that walking away might have hurt her. She watched him walk away from her and felt like crying. They had no true happiness in their marriage nowadays with him always so distant and her feeling guilty. There was a time when the sight of him made her squeal in joy but now she dreaded having to see the worry and misery etched in the lines on his face.
Queen Demetris went to their chambers and silently wept with her face hidden in the bed covers. How she longed for everything to return to the way they had once been. She hated and despised herself for all that was happening. All because of her a lot of dreadful things had happened, if she could only undo them. It was only a matter of time before she became depressed and miserable, if she was not already. Queen Demetris sat up straight and was startled to find him standing next to the bed.
She had not heard him enter. Had she been that absorbed in her grieving? Quickly, she wiped away her tears and composed herself. It was embarrassing for him to see her like that. She smiled up at him and he said, do not weep on my account, I did not mean to be so rude.
It is not that. I weep because I have failed to be a good wife
He moved quickly to sit next to her and said, if you have been anything, it is a good and loyal wife.
I cannot bear to see you like this, she confessed, tell me what I can do to make it better.
He looked at her and held her face in his hands. As his wife, she had a right to know. Had he not vowed to protect and share all with her when they got married?
Bear me a child Demetris; I need to savor my bloodline.
 She gave him a little smile that said she understood how he felt. She had borne him a son and doubted if she could another. After all it had come as a shock to her, having thought she could not conceive after Tabetha. Could she possibly be able to have another child? That was the only way she could ease his fears and revive the happiness they once had. There was another option if they would fail to conceive naturally but it always came with great consequences. They could use magic but it was an option she rather not considered.
Hold me tightly my King; take me in your arms. I do so want to be close to you, she whispered.
He did so, planting kisses on her face. It was an invitation from her; it did not need much to realize that. She traced his muscular arms with her fingers. All she wanted was to please him, to make up for the son she had deprived him off. Queen Demetris wanted him to enjoy the joys of parenthood, of holding your own flesh and blood I your arms and bathe it in abundant love.
                                                  *******
King Ballant sat a victim of his own thoughts. It was high time Tabetha got married. He had made up a list of suitable suitors for his daughter. Of all the men on the list no one seemed to capture his interest like the son of his army commander who was also in the army as head of infantry. He was amused at the young mans achievements at such a young age which made him a good choice for Tabetha. He would make a perfect match for his daughter, coming from a respectable family.
Queen Deidre had agreed to this but Tabetha was reluctant. She feared she did not know him well enough. If anything she did not want to be trapped in a loveless marriage like her father and the Queen. She wanted something more, a person she could laugh with. It was not necessarily the case that she had to love him but they had to have something in common. Randall was a nice man but she wanted to court him before deciding on getting marrying. He seemed eager. Anyone would be considering she was the Princess and heir to the throne of Jarethafat.
I will make you happy, Randall had told her.
Tabetha just smiled not wanting to hurt or belittle him in any way. He looked caring and earnest, she might just be happy with him. She had forgiven King Dramon for deceiving her and leaving her heart broken. It would be no use holding such a grudge against the man her mother loved with all her heart. She thought of her little brother, who she would never have the chance to get to know. Tabetha envied him. He would have the type of life she craved for; where one could do all they wanted and marry whoever they desired.
Decisions on your life need not be made by anyone but oneself. She looked at her father and wondered what he was thinking. She cleared her throat in order to gain his attention. King Ballant looked up at her and smiled warmly. His daughter always made him fill with happiness. She was the light in all his darkness.
I shall marry Randall father but I have a request to make before I do, she said.
Anything for you my dear child, I will gladly grant.
I wish for my mother to be here on the day of my wedding.
This caught him by surprise as he had not anticipated such a request. It would a catastrophe; nothing good would come of it. There was King Dramon who still loathed him and Deidre who hated Queen Demetris even more. Another confrontation would be disastrous.
It is most unwise Tabetha.
She moved closer to him and knelt before him, holding his hands. 
I promise mother will not make a scene, no one had to even know who she really is.
Some may recognize her, I cannot take that risk.
Then I shant marry Randall. In fact I shant marry at all.
King Ballant knew his daughter well enough to know she meant it. As hard as he tried to advise her how disastrous it would be she refused to think twice. The last thing he wanted was for her to run off to Damius as she had done once. Reluctantly he agreed to grant her request and told her she could send word to Queen Demetris. Before he could even finish she had already kissed him on the cheek and ran out squealing to her chambers.
He said yes, she shouted to Ruby in excitement, I need you to take the letter personally to my mother.
I most certainly will at once, Ruby replied.
Tabetha smiled at her loyal maidservant. If she was ever confident in anyone it was Ruby. The two had gone through a lot together and she never wanted to lose Ruby. Quickly she jotted down the letter and gave it to Ruby who did not waste time. As quick as her feet could carry her she ran to the stables and rode out of Jarethafat eager to please the Princess.  
Ruby, Queen Demetris exclaimed as she saw her, is everything alright?
Yes my lady, she answered and gave her the letter.
She read it quickly with a hint of a smile playing around the edges of her mouth. The letter told her about Tabethas marriage to Randall and how she wanted her to be present. But she strongly advised her to come under disguise for Queen Deidre need not know about it. That would not be a problem, deceiving Deidre would be as easy as eating apple pie. It really touched her that Tabetha wanted her to be there.
I will be there and tell her I have got news of my own, she finally said.
I will.
Spend the night; you can ride out in the morning. Rest will do you good.
Queen Demetris that night asked King Dramon for permission to travel to Jarethafat for Tabethas wedding. He knew how much it meant to her and granted her permission but urged her to take great care for he did not want any harm to fall on her. King Dramon wanted her to travel with the royal guard but she declined saying it would only grab attention. Instead she would go with Ellawy dressed as commoners and mingle with the crowd.
She arrived in Jarethafat the day before the wedding and paid for a room at an inn near the market place. She remembered the place, it had not changed much. Ellawy went and got them some food to eat. They had not realized how hungry they were as they devoured the food. Afterwards Queen Demetris sent Ellawy with word to Ruby to inform Tabetha of their arrival. It was not that hard to find Ruby who was busy running around preparing for the big day. They found a quiet corner and embraced each other happily. 
Princess Tabetha will be glad to know you have come, Ruby said, where are you staying?
We paid for a room at an inn
No, no, no that is not fitting. Come I will show you where I live, you can take Queen Demetris there but I do not think I shall be coming there tonight, Ruby said quickly.
What if people ask?
Simply tell them you are my sister and 	Queen our aunt. No one will ask any further, she replied as they walked.
Queen Demetris and Ellawy settled in comfortably. Rubys house was far better than the inn. For the Queen who had now grown accustomed to the luxurious life it came as a relief. It was clean and nice. 
Lie back and rest, Ellawy said.
You treat me like a child; for once stop being my servant. Sit down and lie back and I shall get the fire going, Queen Demetris scolded her.
Ellawy did not object. She did deserve the break. Ever since they arrived she had not found time to rest. She found her work to be tiring at times but the opportunity of having to serve the Queen was such an honor she persevered.
                                                 ********
After Queen Demetriss departure, King Dramon got an unexpected visit from someone he had last seen years ago. He was suspicious as to the motive behind this unanticipated visit. The Duke of Machrend, Campion and he were never the best kind of brothers and they despised each other. They met in the counsel room and did not bother to waste time on pleasantries. Campion began pacing the room as he examined its artifacts and said, you obviously wonder why I have come, young brother.
King Dramon sat staring coldly at his brother. It was true he was curious as to why his brother had come but something told him he already knew the answer to that.
If you have come to gloat, save me the details, he answered.
Campion scoffed at these words, gloating was the last thing on his mind. For so long he had sat quietly but now was time to speak out his mind. His dukedom depended much on the kingdom in which it served and its down fall would mean great consequences for his dukedom. It was also his fathers kingdom and he could not just stand and watch it crumble.
You are still bitter that father chose me to ascend the throne instead of you, older brother, he said with a frown. 
He did not, I declined.
The statement hit home. King Dramon tensed; it really hit a soft spot. All these years he thought his father had chosen him because he was just what the kingdom needed; a strong ruler to see that its borders where widened and the people taken care of well. 
Why? he asked.
Because you were always the powerful one Dramon and it would only have been a matter of time before you had found a way to overthrow me and take the throne because the desire to be on top is an intricate part of you, Campion replied truthfully.
I am flattered indeed.
I chose survival; there was no point in seeking an early death. Admit it Dramon, you would not have hesitated to get rid of me. I made a wise choice; at least I have lived long enough to realize what a weakling you are deep inside.
King Dramon quickly stood up and grabbed Campion by the throat and banged him to the wall. He was breathing heavily with fury. How dare he call him a weakling of all things? All he had done and made sacrifices for was for the benefit of the kingdom of Damius. 
Oh how I wish I had killed you when we were children, he hissed.
Oh brother dear, you have grown soft, Campion said in difficulty, I always thought highly of you; especially the way you set out to get what you want without stopping to think whom you might harm in the process. But what happened to you?
King Dramon released his brother with a sigh and sat back down. It was true that which Campion spoke of. He had changed ever since being reunited with her. 
Demetris, he replied.
I thought as much. I daresay you have grown even softer than I had thought. I do pity you brother and all this because of a woman. I simply think you are losing it and maybe it is high time your reign came to an end. The people need a King that is manlier, Campion continued.
Campion was the only person who was not afraid of King Dramon. to Campion, the King was just his little brother who had become king. His powers and physical presence did not scare him at all. If there was anyone who could say anything to the King, it was him. Campion did not like King Dramon but as his older brother he felt obliged to direct him in the right path. That was why he had taken the time to visit King Dramon.
Speak your mind.
There is word of a coup in the Northern kingdom, Campion said, and you know what that means. If there is to be a new leader of the Northern tribe who does not uphold the treaty between our two kingdoms there is bound to be trouble.
Damius has no trouble defending itself; I am capable
Oh you might be but what after your passing?
And you point being?
Find yourself a pretty maiden to bear you an heir to take after you. Otherwise you do know that if you die without one, one of my sons will become king of Damius and I doubt you fancy that.
I cannot do that to Demetris
Oh there you go again, do you think love will give this kingdom what it needs. You were never one for love, you never cease to amaze me Dramon, Campion said filled with so much it bruised King Dramons ego.
Stop it.
Huh, you might be the powerful one but I was always the clever one. Tell me brother, satisfy my curiosity; is it that you are unable to
Dont you dare Campion; do not question my maleness at all, the King said out loudly.
Suit yourself but when things go bad do not come to me for I have offered all I am willing to. It is high time you toughen up again.
I will deliberate on it.
You better, now can you show me to my old chambers if it is not much of a burden. I do hope they are still in good condition.
They are, although they have not been used for so long, he replied as he stood up to show Campion to his chambers for the night.
That night as he slept, he deliberated on what his brother had said. All of it was true, it only added to his troubles. Could he take a maiden with Queen Demetris away or wait for her to come back. Of course she would not agree but Campions words were a challenge to him. His brother had gone on to question if he was capable of conceiving. He knew poor Demetris would be heartbroken if she found out and their marriage would never be the same. Her trust was one thing he could not afford to lose. He would wait for her and if she failed to conceive then he would maybe take her maidservant Ellawy. 
She had to understand that it would be the only option left. The people, he needed an heir. Truly he had changed; the old Dramon would never have hesitated. Now Queen Demetris had come along and transformed him into a different man. She had a way of making him soften up and she really had him around her finger. The time had come for him to break free of the hold she had on him. He had to break free although it meant hurting her, he would not mean to but there would be no other way.
                                             *********
I cannot believe I am married now, Tabetha said to her mother and Ellawy, Randall promised to take me travelling.
I am glad you are excited, he seems to be a decent man, she replied.
He has been treating me well, there is hope for him yet, Tabetha said with a laugh.
Princess Tabetha had asked Queen Demetris to stay for a while and was pleased she agreed. The two spent their spare time talking, Queen Demetris advising her on how to make a good marriage. Tabetha was troubled whether to tell Randall about her special abilities. They did not know how he would react. The Princess feared he would fail to understand her and it would ruin everything. She was also afraid that it might reach Queen Deidre who would rush to think of her as evil. Sensing how the subject was starting to worry her daughter, Queen Demetris changed the topic of discussion to distract her thoughts.
It was then that she broke the news that she was expecting another child for King Dramon. Tabetha was speechless as she looked at the joyful look on her mothers face. Queen Demetris was glowing and it showed in the way her eyes twinkled and how quick she was to smile and laugh. Now she would have a child to raise and show all the love she could not share with Raiden. This child would maybe serve as her mothers consolation prize.
I daresay mother, you are a very fruitful woman, Tabetha said having recovered from her shock.
I know I am not young and youthful but it happened, finally. I cannot wait to tell Dramon, she said with an excited tone.
He is going to be so pleased, at least now
Tabetha stopped midway through her statement; it would be inconsiderate of her to remind her mother of the child she had given up. Even this child would not heal the wounds of losing Raiden. Queen Demetriss face fell, for a moment sorrow filled her up. It was high time she forgot about him and moved on with life. At least now she had the chance to experience motherhood with the child that grew inside her. Suddenly a smile lit on her face and she said, Raiden is loved where he is.
I do not doubt that.
                                                    *********
Have you given thought to what I proposed brother? Campion asked King Dramon as they sat to dine.
I sure have, he replied.
And what have you decided?
King Dramon sighed and bit his lower lip. This was going to be a very tough decision. He had had sleepless nights weighing his options. However he thought what a bad choice he was making, it had to be done. Campion tapped the table impatiently, finding displeasure in being kept waiting. 
On one condition, he finally replied, Demetris cannot know no matter what.
Campion had thought of that. He guessed his brother would not want the Queen to find out about this. Unlike King Dramon he had just recently married his fourth wife and had eleven children. There was a lot at stake for the King and he needed to make haste.
I shall give you Petunia; she is a very good servant of mine. You made the right decision, little brother, the Duke said and gave him a pat on the back, all the necessary arrangements shall be made.
King Dramon had seen Petunia, she was pretty but was he not supposed to have eyes for his Queen only? Would he end up like his brother and marry multiple wives? For the first time in his life he felt a tinge of guilt, he actually still had a conscience somewhere inside of him. She was the only person he had ever been afraid of wronging. Her approval was always important to him. He felt obliged to make up for all the years she had suffered when she could have lived in grandeur. His love for her was the only thing that had kept him human, that made his heart pound. For underneath all his anger, rage, cruelty, evil and ill will; he possessed that virtue. King Dramon had never felt ashamed of that until Campion showed up and questioned his capability.
Leave me Raphael, he said, it was more of a request than an order.
The servant obliged and left him alone. He wanted some solitude to clear his mind. Most of his life he had done terrible things and he felt no remorse for most of them except now. He saw Queen Demetriss face, all lit up. Her eyes had always left him gasping for breath and now he imagined the disappointment and hurt that would fill them if word of this came out. Only Raphael and Ezeck knew of this plan and had sworn never to tell a soul. They were trustworthy as far as he was concerned. With one last sigh he stood up and went to his bed chambers. As he sat on the large bed waiting for Petunia to be ushered in, he suppressed the guilt building up inside of him. Damius needed a future king and if the Queen could not provide that, he as the King had to take initiative. Petunia came in and he summoned her towards him. Locking away all thoughts of Queen Demetris, he took her into his arms and laid her on the bed.
                                                      ***
The day was set for Princess Tabethas departure. Her husband, the new Prince and she would be moving to the Castle of Serene near the sea. Both she and Randall were excited to have a place of their own to start their new life together. The castle had been prepared for their comfort and only awaited their arrival. She told Queen Demetris how excited she was about the whole idea. Now they could visit each other without any fear of her father finding out. Queen Demetris welcomed the idea; it would be good for both of them to bond. The time had come however for her to go back to Damius. She did not want to overstay her welcome in Rubys home and felt King Dramon would start to worry.
Princess Tabetha did not contest, understanding her mothers concerns. That evening she bumped into the Queen of Jarethafat as she came from Rubys. Queen Deidre looked sleep deprived and pale like a ghost. Although this was not unusual, she looked quite unhealthy.
Where have you been spending all your afternoons lately, Queen Deidre demanded.
Enjoying the new freedom brought by marriage, mother, she replied coolly.
After what happened at the tournament I am surprised you can call me that. I say you forget which hand fed you...
Save me the guilt trip, I wish not to take it, Princess Tabetha broke in, I am tired.
She walked away without looking back. Not even Queen Deidre could ruin the happiness she felt at having her real mother nearby. Queen Deidre stared for a long time after her; a look of utter disdain written all over her face. Princess Tabetha failed to recognize and appreciate all she had done for her. King Ballant and she had given her a childhood any princess would have hoped for. She went out into the town square, heading straight for Rubys house. Queen Deidre knocked violently on the wooden door and ordered for Ruby to open the hatch. To her utmost shock, she found not only Ruby inside but Ellawy and Queen Demetris.
I knew it, she shouted.
Deidre, Queen Demetris expressed in surprise.
You intruder, I should get you arrested. How dare you come here?
Try and arrest me Deidre. Send your best men but I daresay Ballant will not agree to that.
The atmosphere in the room became tense. Ruby and Ellawy backed away, afraid they would be included in the harsh exchange. They watched their Queens helplessly, unable to say a thing.
I remember the last time I did not need his help to get rid of you.
And how successful were you? Queen Demetris said with a scoff, I am still alive, arent I?
Queen Deidre frowned in dislike. The muscles in her body tensed, she did not take the other womans mocking lightly. Queen Demetris calmed down as if she regretted having said that. An apologetic look was evident on her face as she said, what really happened to you Deidre? We were like sisters to each other. I did so love you my friend. Why did you betray me like that?
Oh, how Queen Deidre always hated it when she acted as if she was the better person. The time for her kind of compassion had eluded them. The last thing she wanted was for Queen Demetris to give her the why speech.
I hate you for taking what is rightfully mine and I swore to make you suffer as I have, Queen Deidre replied.
What?
He was mine.
You were never betrothed to him. I have no knowledge of him ever being yours. He only admired me, she said as she began to snap.
Queen Deidre made a very irritating laugh that prompted Queen Demetris to smack her on the face. She only laughed out louder and whatever her motives were, it was having the desired effect.
Still trying to see the best in everyone Demetris? I will be glad to prove you wrong. Who do you think comforted him all those years you were supposedly dead?
You lie.
Queen Deidre just gave a triumphant giggle and left. That would put Queen Demetris in her place, where she actually belonged. The look of hopelessness on her face gave her satisfaction as she walked back into the palace. Ruby and Ellawy ran to where Queen Demetris stood offering words of encouragement and comfort. The torn look on her face did not make things any easier. No matter how much she did not want to believe Deidre, she had sounded so convincing.
Have trust in the King, my lady. He could never set eyes on Queen Deidre, Ellawy said.
                                                    ***
Sire, the Queen has returned, King Dramon was informed by Raphael, she wishes you join her for supper.
King Dramon was startled at how time had flown. Just a few hours ago he had woken up and now it was already time for supper. He put his sword down and went to the dining hall to see her. King Dramon hoped she would not sense his unease. She sat with a smile lit on her face as usual. His Queen looked happy and he tried to smile back. They embraced and sat down to dine. Queen Demetris looked so excited; she could not wait to share the joyous news with him.
How is the Princess Tabetha? he asked.
Never been better; I have to say she is quite taken with this wife thing. No later, they will be moving to reside in the Castle of Serene...
Serene?
Yes... she paused and looked at him, did you have plans for those lands?
I can always change plans if it puts Tabetha in harms way. There are many other lands to conquer, he replied not bothering to hide his disappointment.
For months he had laid down plans for those lands near the sea. How inconvenient for Princess Tabetha and her new husband to move there.
Why those lands, they are hardly fertile? she asked.
It does not matter now.
But it did. With control over those lands he could have access to the ports. His men could build ships and he would control trade there. Serene was a trading port and with power over it he would have the people who depended on it at his mercy. Each step he took ensured power for the kingdom of Damius and for its future king. It was then he remembered Petunia, who by now could be carrying his child. At last he would be a father, to a son who one day would rule the greatest kingdom. He had almost forgotten that he sat with the Queen when she said, I have news.
He looked at her waiting for whatever news she had for him. It was something good; her excitement could not be contained. Silently she took his hand and placed it on her belly where he felt a slight bulge. He looked up at her in surprise and she nodded. Quickly, he snatched his hand away and looked sideways. Queen Demetris looked confused; was he not thrilled to finally have a child?
Standing up, he knocked over his wine goblet and the contents spilled onto the table and flowed down onto the marble floor. As if he did not know what to do, he left the room with a blank look on his face. Queen Demetris looked at herself and she could not understand. Was there something she was missing? The excitement had been washed away and disappointment took its place. Had he not begged her to bear him a child? Now he acted in a very puzzling manner.

TO BE CONTINUED

BOOK ONE: THE TWO KINGS
BOOK TWO: THE HEIR
BOOK THREE: NATHAN AND THE PRINCE
BOOK FOUR: NEW REIGN IN DAMIUS
     





   


 

 






                                                 







  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
