DELAYED

Mary Chris Escobar
 








Copyright  2013 Mary Chris Escobar
All rights reserved
Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your bookseller of choice and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.











Get a free copy of the first book in the How to... series, How to Fall, when you sign up to join my Reader's Club. Click here to get started: http://marychrisescobar.com/freebook/








For Mike,
Who didnt give up






Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Other Works
Acknowledgements
About the Author



Chapter 1
Dan Fogelbergs Same Old Lang Syne had been playing on repeat for the last half hour.  Two glasses of wine at dinner, followed by a Kir (or two) was just enough for me to throw my arm over my friend Kates shoulder and coerce her into singing along loudly.
 That has to be the most depressing song ever, Kate said as we erupted into laughter.
I dont know whats more depressing: the song itself, or the fact Im dating someone who knows all the words to the song, her boyfriend, Ben, teased from the barstool next to her.
You better watch out; when youre gone in a couple weeks, Im totally going to run into an old flame, whos going to invite me to sit in his car in the parking lot and reminisce, and itll be all downhill from there.
Kate and I sang the last line at the top of our lungs.
The bartender glared at us.
I leave for five minutes and you two are about to get us kicked out of the bar, my boyfriend Dave said with a wide smile as he took the seat next to me and gave a knowing shake of the head to the bartender, who shook his head back, then smiled.
What would I do without you to smooth things over? I teased.
He just smiled, pulled me towards him and kissed the top of my head. Im sure youd be just fine. Perhaps less liked, but just fine.
I playfully pushed him away, then asked the group, How is this place so quiet on New Years Eve?
Thats a small town for you, Ben responded.  He and Kate had rented a cabin in the mountains just a few hours outside of Richmond, where we lived, and they had invited Dave and I to spend the holiday with them.
Weird, I commented.
Its sort of awesome.  Like were famous and have the place rented out just for our little exclusive party, Kate said.
We should have security kick those interlopers down there out. Ben nodded his head to the only other couple in the restaurant, at the other end of the bar, ferociously making out.
Speaking of which, Dave looked at his watch, just five minutes to go.
Kate caught the bartenders eye and asked if he could turn up the volume on the TV showing the countdown from New York.  He did but left Dan Fogelberg crooning in the background, as well. 
Ben ordered a round of champagne and we readied ourselves for the big moment.  Watching the crowds in New York and looking around the empty, quiet restaurant, I felt like I was missing something.  Not specifically that I wanted to be crowded into stalls with thousands of people and no bathrooms.  And certainly not that I would change the friends I was celebrating with.  Id spent the last three New Years Eves with Dave and couldnt imagine spending this or any future holidays with anyone else.  I was here with my favorite people in the world, so there was nothing I could specifically pinpoint.  It was just this whisper of a feeling that things were too ...something.
Earth to Carolyn , Kate said, nudging her shoulder into mine and gesturing at the TV above us.
10 ... 9 ... 8 ... we all chanted in unison.  The couple at the end of the bar was still kissing.
7 ... 6 ... We reached for our champagne.  I took a deep breath in and looked at Dave.  Those big brown eyes.  He winked at me and my pulse quickened.  I winked back as a huge smile spread across both our faces.
5 ... 4 ... 3  I glanced at Kate, leaning on Bens shoulder, holding her champagne glass slightly up and tilted toward his.  How crazy was it that she was back in my life?  What are the chances of moving to be closer to your fabulous long-distance boyfriend and finding out your next-door neighbor is your freshman year college roommate, who happens to be in the very beginning stages of a relationship with your boyfriends best friend?  Yeah, that had been my year.  
2 ...
A pretty damn good one by all accounts.  
1!
We all raised our glasses to meet each others, then I turned to kiss Dave before enveloping Kate and Ben in giant hugs.
In the background, just behind the revelry, Dan Fogelberg was still singing about reaching beyond the emptiness.

Chapter 2
It was snowing.  Seriously?  This wasnt in the forecast at all.  The coffee pot dripped beside me and the scent of it started to fill the room.  I was the first one up and just stood staring at the unexpected flakes falling fast towards the ground.  A cozy mountain cabin in the snow; this was the stuff movies were made of, right?  The knot of tension that had been threatening me the whole trip settled into the space just under the tip of my right shoulder blade.  What was that movie with Kathy Bates and the writer guy?  Based on something by Stephen King, I think.  I reached my hand back to rub at the knot.
Morning. I jumped at Bens voice.  Didnt mean to sneak up on you.  Whats all this? He nodded toward the window.
What was that movie with the crazed woman who wanted to murder the writer?
He looked confused.
You know, the one with the cabin and the snow?
Misery?
Thats it.
He laughed good-naturedly.  Thats your first thought about a cabin in the snow?
I shrugged and grabbed two mugs from the cabinet above the coffee pot. We cant all be hopeless romantics.
Call me crazy, but I think theres a step or two between hopeless romance and murder.
Youd prefer a witty romantic comedy, huh? I teased.
He shrugged and sipped his coffee. If it wasnt a documentary about an artist, an architect, green building trends, or the decline of cities, I probably havent seen it.
Is it weird to be done with school?  Not to be in the middle of some project? I asked, referencing the fact that he had just graduated a few weeks ago.
It just feels like the normal winter holiday, to be honest.
We sipped our coffee in silence.
Are you going to miss being in school?
Not so much.
I wasnt even really sure why I asked.  Clearly there were things he would miss far more than school.  He and Kate were staying here for two weeks to soak up as much time with each other as they could before he moved.
Whats with the nostalgia? he asked.
Huh? 
Youre all old movies and missing things and staring out windows this morning.
Whatever, I deflected.  The thing is I did feel nostalgic, but I hadnt the slightest idea why.
What the hell? Dave said, rubbing his eyes and staring out the window as he emerged from the bedroom into the common living space.
I know, I surprised myself at the level of whine in my voice.
Dave was now closer to the window, leaning in toward it to look up at the sky like a little boy.
You have to admit this is pretty cool, he said in my direction as he poured himself a mug of coffee.  It was unclear whether he missed my tone or was purposefully ignoring it.  My guess was the latter.
Im supposed to leave for that conference in Philly in the morning, I tried to make my voice level, matter-of-fact, but the whine was still there.
Werent you just saying you wished you didnt have to go? Dave asked.
So this is all your doing? Ben chimed in.
I mean sure, I wasnt crazy about flying out the day after New Years, but now its just going to be this crazy back and forth: Is my flight leaving?  Is it not? Can I even get to my flight?  What is the latest I can leave and still make the presentation? My face was getting hot.
As if on cue, my phone buzzed on from the counter where I had left it charging.  See? I picked up my phone, ready to prove my point, and saw a text message from my mom instead.
Or its your mom, wishing you a happy new year, Dave said from over my shoulder.
And asking if its snowing, I said, smiling just a little.
I took a deep breath and rolled my shoulders back and down.  The shoulder knot winced.  Dave set his coffee on the counter and rubbed my shoulders, digging his thumb deep into exactly the right spot.
I must say, Im not going to miss school.  But Im not so sure Im looking forward to the going to work every day thing, Ben commented, topping off his coffee and making his way to the couch, where he flipped on the TV.
This ones a little more than we expected folks.  Everyone from Virginia to Pennsylvania is seeing snow,  the cheery weather man announced.  Looks like the storm has stalled a bit and will be sticking around throughout the day.
My phone buzzed again next to me.  This time it was my boss.  I let it go to voice mail.  Dave pulled me toward him, wrapping his arms around me in a sort of reverse bear hug.
 My phone buzzed, indicating a message.  I was tired of traveling to the same conferences.  Just out of college it was fun.  Everything was new and fascinating, from the people to the cities to the endless bar tabs.  More than five years later, the people are all the same.  The jokes the same.  The bars the same.  And if you have to hear Tom from Tennessee's story about throwing the winning touchdown in the regional finals during high school one more time, you very well may lose your shit.  
I reached back and rubbed my own shoulder.  I had to figure out how to transition away from so much travel.  Or at least the same travel over and over. Maybe the lack of variety in my job is what had been eating at me lately, causing that weird feeling that something was missing or out of place somehow.  I shook my head against my rambling thoughts, poured myself another cup of coffee, and sipped its bitter warmth while I watched the world become white.


Uno! Kate said with great enthusiasm and then proceeded to play her last card in the next round.
Aw, come on.  You have to be cheating, Ben said, and then grabbed her arm and wiggled his fingers into her sleeve to check for cards.
Sore loser, she retorted, then hopped up from the table.
Sorest loser gets to help chop stuff for the chili, she called over her shoulder.
Im not so sure about Daves knife skills, Ben teased before making his way to the kitchen.
Is there tofu in there? Dave asked.
Perhaps, Kate called back.
Snowed in with the vegetarian.  What was it you were saying about Misery this morning, Carolyn? Ben said.
Oh, whatever.  Youre here by choice, I responded.  You know you love the veggies.
We, on the other hand, have been stranded here and forced meatless against our will, Dave added.
However, jokes aside, we all knew the truth. She was the best cook I knew.  Meat or no meat, it would hands down be the most delicious chili we had eaten in some time. We were lucky she had brought ingredients for the full recipe, even though it was just supposed to be her and Ben at this point.
Dave stood up abruptly and walked to the window.  Looks like its stopped.
At some point in the afternoon it had dawned on me that if this thing turned into a blizzard then my trip would just be canceled and there would be no hassle at all.  An hour ago, it looked like this might actually happen, and I had started to relax.
I joined Dave at the window and tried to peer up at the sky. It was getting dark, but the clouds still seemed pretty dense.  Maybe it just stopped for a minute? 
Dave laughed.
Whats so funny?
This morning you hated the snow; now you want it back?
I was hoping for a blizzard.  Something conclusive.
I know whos glad its not a blizzard, he whispered, nodding his head toward Kate and Ben in the kitchen.
I nodded.  I feel bad; its supposed to be their time.
And were supposed to be at Chez Foushee.
Thats right.  In the excitement about the snow and my flights, I had completely forgotten. Last year we had gone out to a really nice restaurant on New Years Day, thanks to a gift certificate from Daves parents.  We vowed to make it our tradition every year, and wed pored over menus for weeks, narrowing down our choices for the evening, before making reservations.  
The reservations? I said out loud.
I called and canceled them earlier, when you were in the shower.  They said they would probably be closing anyway. 
We stared out the window. I was disappointed about missing dinner but more frustrated with myself for worrying about work and forgetting about the whole thing entirely.
 The sun was beginning to set, and the sky was streaked with pink.  I glanced up at Dave.  Two days growth on his dark beard, my favorite.  I was never sure if my fondness for it was pure attraction or the fact that it usually signified a weekend or vacation.  Probably some combination of the two.  No matter, I liked it. I reached up and ran my hand along his jaw line.  He turned to face me.  His brown eyes danced mischievously, and I suddenly wished we were alone.
Want to go for a walk? he asked.
I nodded.
The snow was enough to turn the world white, but there was less of it than there appeared to be from inside.  I had borrowed Kates hiking boots, and they were more than enough to wade through the three-inch blanket.  Everything was quiet.  So, so quiet.  
Do you think its quiet like this at home?
He nodded.  It does get pretty quiet in the city when it snows.  Its actually one of my favorite times to walk to the restaurants in my neighborhood.  Ive met lots of neighbors that way.
Definitely a perk of city living. I thought of my favorite restaurants in my neighborhood and in Daves. 
Whats the best snow day drink?
One year it snowed near the holidays like this, and this one place had hot cider for the season.  The bartender added some apple brandy to it.  That was pretty fabulous.
Spiked cider and snow.  Perfect. I thought for a minute.  Mulled wine would be nice, too ...
Dave nodded.
Or, you know, veggie chili and some beer.
Or that.
We laughed.
Dave cleared his throat.  Then put his hands in the pockets of his jeans.
Cold?
A little.  Must have left my gloves in a different jacket.
Want one of mine?
He rolled his eyes and cleared his throat again.  I glanced up at him, thinking he was getting ready to say something, but he looked like he was deep in thought.  He took his hands out of his pockets, rubbed them together, put them back in.  Cleared his throat one more time, then furrowed his brow.
Just as I opened my mouth to ask if everything was okay, he said, So, I was really looking forward to dinner tonight ...
Me, too. I hoped that I kept the confusion out of my voice, since his statement in no way warranted the throat clearing, hand shuffling, and brow furrowing from moments ago. It was disappointing, but not that big a deal.
I, um ... so, I dont know when well be able to reschedule and ...
Well, Ill be back from the conference, assuming I even still go, at the end of the week.  How about next weekend? Why was he so upset about this?
Right, its just that ...
Im sure it wont be a problem.
I know 
I mean, its after the holiday rush. They cant be that busy.
He stopped walking, turned to me and took both my shoulders in his hands, turning my body to face his.  Carolyn, I know we can reschedule dinner. His voice was firm but not at all angry.  There was a smile playing at the corner of his mouth.
Right, so why the fuss?
He broke into a full grin.  Can I talk for a second  just one?
I nodded.
Okay, good.  I was trying to tell you that I am disappointed about missing dinner because  he cleared his throat again, coughed a little.
Are you sure ... I started, but stopped when he raised his finger and put it on my mouth.
Sorry, I said around his finger.  He raised an eyebrow. We both smiled.
Im disappointed about missing dinner because ... He paused, and I swear there was a little shake in his voice, like he was nervous.  But I dont think Id ever seen Dave nervous.  Because tonight... There was definitely a shake. His eyes focused on mine and he continued, Tonight I was going to ask you to marry me.
 I drew a quick surprised breath in, and the corners of my mouth began to turn up.  My palms started to sweat and my eyes, still locked to his, squinted in the best kind of disbelieving belief.  This wasnt out of nowhere, but it was a surprise today, here, now.  I had no words, even if I wanted them.  I nodded, I think.
At home, in the top drawer of my dresser, theres a little box.  Inside is that ring you liked at the gallery in your neighborhood.
More nodding and giant smiling from me.
 And I could wait until I have it with me.  But I was ready to do this today.  I like today.
Me, too, I managed to squeak out.  Then more nodding. Happy tears stung at the corner of my eyes.
Carolyn Marie Mitchell will you marry me?
Yes, absolutely, yes. I reached my arms up and around his neck, pulling him toward me for a kiss.
Happy new year, he said softly when we finally pulled apart.
Happy new year. I hugged him to me, again.
We didnt move for a few minutes, maybe more.  Neither of us wanted to break the moment.
Finally he said, Should we head back?
Probably.
Neither of us could stop smiling.
We were holding hands, and I rubbed my thumb over the back of his hand in a mostly futile attempt to keep it warm.  Thanks for not waiting, 
It just seemed so right. Starting something new in the new year, you know.
Now I stopped and turned to face him.  You, being the sentimental poet, I would expect no less from than amazing symbolism in a proposal. 
This was a longstanding joke between us.  Dave had confessed to writing poetry for his middle-school crush sometime early on in our relationship, when we were in that phase of sharing funny stories from the past. 
He rolled his eyes in that way that I doubted would ever be less endearing, and I kissed him again.  When I pulled away, he pulled me back toward him.
The one thing that is not ideal about this, aside from not having the ring, is the fact that we are sharing a tiny, thin-walled cabin with two other people, he lamented as we pulled away from each other again.
Well be home soon. I kissed him again. 
Hopefully, he said, looking up.
We started up the short driveway to the cabin.  The light from the windows was warm and inviting, but I wasnt ready to share our moment yet.  I slowed my pace.  He squeezed my hand in his.  My heart beat faster.  We shared a last, long and lingering kiss just outside the front door.

Good timing! Kate greeted as we walked in.  Dinners ready.
The whole place smelled like onion and garlic and spice, and she was taking cornbread out of the oven.  Ben had built a fire while we were out, and I realized simultaneously how cold and hungry I was.
Excellent, I said.
I am starving, Dave proclaimed as he walked to the fireplace, rubbing his hands.
Within minutes we were seated with steaming bowls of chili and cold mugs of beer in front of us.
Nice walk? Ben asked.
You guys were gone forever.  I was about to send out a search party, Kate said.
Dave and I looked at each other and smiled.
Whats that all about? Ben said waving his finger back and forth to indicate our shared moment.
Whats what about? Dave teased.
Ben narrowed his eyes in mock interrogation.  You know what.  What happened on the walk, guys?
Just your average snowy winter evening walk, I offered, laughing a little.
You do realize that neither of you has stopped with those huge grins since you got back.  I mean, I know my chili's good, but its not that good, Kate said.
The chili is excellent, I said.
Ben and Kate just raised their eyebrows across the table.
Right, so it was just your average evening walk until ... Dave paused for effect.  Until we got engaged.
Now their smiles matched ours.
I knew it! Kate said to Ben, before hopping to give me a hug.  Congratulations!  Thats amazing news.
Cheers, Ben said, raising his glass once Kate was back in her chair. 
We all clinked glasses.  Dave leaned in and kissed me on the forehead.
Get a room, Ben teased.
I didnt even ask about the ring, Kate said, gesturing at my left hand.
The ring is snowed in, in Richmond, I explained.
Thats right.  You guys were supposed to have dinner out tonight, werent you? She began to piece it all together.  She looked at Dave,  And you were going to propose, then at me, Did you have any idea that tonight was the night?
I shook my head.
And then when you couldnt go to dinner you just went ahead and asked anyway.
Dave nodded.
What an awesome story. Then as an afterthought, I should have made a more exciting dinner.  Vegetarian chili is now forever a part of your engagement story.
Were snowed in unexpectedly; most people will be impressed that we had food at all, I said.
I think the food will really be the focus of that story through the years, Katie, Ben said affectionately, coming out of the kitchen with a bottle of champagne and four juice glasses.
Do you always travel with such a well-stocked bar and kitchen? I asked.
Always.  I never, ever go anywhere without a bottle of this stuff and a garden full of veggies, he teased as he wiggled the cork out of the bottle and filled the glasses.  Heres to the J. Crew wedding.
We all laughed.  The four of us had a standing weekly happy hour, and Ben like to tease that Dave and I always showed up looking like wed stepped out of a J. Crew catalog.
Seriously, guys, congratulations, Kate said, elbowing Ben.
Kate and I sipped our champagne by the fire, and I told her about the ring waiting for me at home.  Aquamarine, simply set in a handmade white gold band.  Dave and Ben cleared the table and washed the dishes.  After a while Kate flipped on the TV to check on the weather.  The fire popped next to me.  I watched the flames arc and twirl upward and the same inexplicable hollow feeling from the night before crept over me.  I took a deep breath in and released it slowly.  My shoulder winced.
The clanking of dishes in the kitchen slowed down and moments later Ben flopped onto the couch next to Kate and put his arm around her.  Want to go for a walk? She hesitated, and I saw his eyes dart to me and then to Dave who had just walked over from the kitchen. He winked almost imperceptibly.
Depends  are you planning to propose?
Definitely not. 
And can we take the rest of the champagne to keep us warm?
Definitely.
Then Im in.
A few minutes later, we were alone in the tiny cabin with a crackling fire inside, snow outside and an hours-old engagement to celebrate.

Chapter 3
Four days later, sitting at the gate in the freezing cold airport in Philadelphia, I was about as far from that cozy night as possible.  Why were airports always so cold?
Attention, all passengers on flight 1765 to Richmond, scheduled to depart at 11:35 p.m.  Your flight has been delayed until 6:30 a.m. tomorrow, Saturday, January 6.
Delayed?  Is moving the flight to a whole other day really still considered a delay?  I sighed and slumped back into the hard airport chair.
Unfortunately, due to the large number of delays and cancelations today, there are no hotel rooms available near the airport.  Well be coming around with blankets and overnight kits within the next hour.  Our sincere apologies for the inconvenience.  Please proceed to the help center, located across from Gate B15 if you have questions or need assistance with connecting flights or other issues.
There was a mass exodus toward customer service.  My phone vibrated.
Any update? Dave asked.  This was the third delay of my flight.  I was supposed to have been home around 6 p.m. today.
Delayed until tomorrow morning.
Isnt that a cancelation?
Thats what I thought, but they say delay.
Where are they sending you for the night?
Nowhere.  But we get blankets. My tone fell short of making light of it in the way I meant to. 
That sucks.
Yep.
So this is all weather related? It had snowed all day in Philly.
I guess, but I would have thought they would be used to it here.
Still not a drop here.
Stop making me jealous with your clear skies and real bed and stuff.
What are you going to do?
I suppose Ill find a bar to sit in until it closes and then try to catch a nap on one of these chairs.  Ive got a book.
You sound tired.
Im exhausted.
Your ring came back today. We had taken it to be sized while I was away.
Wow, they were really fast.  I cant wait to see it.
Looks pretty much the same, he teased.
Well, you know, see it on my finger.  Regularly. I smiled.
I tried it on; it doesnt look as good on me.
I laughed.  Miss you.
Me, too.
We talked a few more minutes about flight arrival times and his day before saying our goodnights and hanging up.  I rubbed my eyes.  I was exhausted from the trip before all this.  Maybe I would take Monday off.  I tried to think about my calendar and then shook my head.  Id look later; something to do in the hours of free time I suddenly had.  
Id had my share of delays, as much as I traveled for work.  Id even had to stay overnight before, but there were always hotels available.  This was my first experience with overnighting in the airport.  I wondered if flights to Washington, D.C., were canceled, too.  My travel hassles had definitely increased since I had moved to Richmond. I wondered for the thousandth time if requesting a transfer from my job had been less of a great idea than it seemed at the time.  If I had moved without the job, it would have forced me into something new.  But, so what?  I could have lived with Dave and tried to figure it out.  Except we had never lived in the same city.  It was a big enough deal to move for a guy, much less take that immediate leap to living in the same house. Plus it was important to me to live totally on my own at least once in my life.  My phone buzzed again.  A text from Dave:  Love.
For you, I texted back.
I stood up, stretched, grabbed my luggage, and headed for the closest bar.

Delayed? The bartender asked, sliding a cocktail napkin in front of me.
I nodded and ordered a red wine.
So, how long do I get to hang out here? I asked.
Last call is at midnight. According to my cell phone it was 10:37.  Maybe a couple of drinks would make me sleepy enough to try stretching out on a hard chair.  
The bartender turned her attention to a man who had just pulled his suitcase up to the bar next to mine. What can I get for you? 
Sam Adams.
Lager or Winter?
Winter seems appropriate.
Good call, I said glancing up from my e-mail.  Might as well make some small talk to pass the time.
Carolyn? I recognized him just as he said my name.  You went to Parktown College, right?
I nodded.  Adam, right? I tried to sound nonchalant and less like I remembered exactly who he was.  Which, of course, I did.  One always remembers the unrequited crush they harbored through four years of college.  He was still breathtakingly handsome.  Ice-blue eyes, longish light brown hair that was perfectly unkempt, chiseled jaw.  My heart started to race.
Wow, thats crazy.  What are you doing here? Then, before I could answer, he added, I mean obviously youre flying somewhere, but where?  Why?
Im headed home from a conference.
What conference?
The Northeast Financial Planning Summit. I was presenting about a financial management training I developed for college students.
Interesting. I felt a blush begin at the base of my neck.  No one ever really knew how to respond to my super niche, mostly boring-sounding job, and Id never found a way to summarize it succinctly.
And wheres home?
I paused for a second. Richmond, Virginia.
You sure about that?
I managed a nervous laugh.  I just moved there a few months ago.  Still getting used to it as home base, I guess.
He nodded.  He was beautiful.
Where did you move from?
D.C.
You moved for work, then?
I nodded and took a sip of my drink.  Questions.  I needed to ask him a question.  Why was my brain suddenly mush?  How, more than five years later, can he still have this effect on me?
How about you  what brings you here?
What brings you here?  Geez, I sound like Im interviewing him for a job.
Work trip.  Headed back from Omaha.
Ah, somewhere in middle America. Seriously?  Now I was speaking in Counting Crows lyrics?
Im afraid I didnt get my money back at the door, he said, picking up on my reference.  We both laughed.
Instead you get to sleep in the airport.
Talk about wanting my money back.
What do you do?
I design video games.
Wow! 
He looked startled at my enthusiasm.
I just remembered that the guy you lived with freshman year played video games.  All. The. Time.  Its crazy that youre working in the field. 
He nodded and looked less startled.  If he thought it was weird I remembered that, he didnt let on.
Its a small company, so I also do some sales work, a little bit of bookkeeping.  You know, mop the floors, clean the bathrooms.
Would I know any of the games?
Not unless you have a penchant for niche anime-based second-life games.
Since Im not even sure that I know what you just said, Im going to guess no.
He smiled and I was nineteen again, walking past him on campus and trying to find my words when he smiled at me.  Wed lived in the same residence hall freshman year and had Sociology 101 together first semester.  We had been paired together for a project.  How many times had I regretted not kissing him during those blissful few weeks?  I tried not to look at his lips.
So, where are you headed home to? I asked, pulling myself back to the present and away from the thoughts of kissing.
Just outside D.C., actually.  Alexandria.
Have you been there since graduation?
He nodded and sipped his beer.
We spent four years in a place so small that you bumped into each other at least weekly and then moved to the same area and never saw each other.
Crazy we never ran into each other.  Whitlows was one of my favorites, I said, referencing the popular pool hall and bar in Alexandria.
I love that place.  People there take their pool seriously.  Its crazy just to sit back and watch.
I nodded.
We talked for a few more minutes about favorite Arlington haunts.  The bartender brought us each another drink.
Do you keep in touch with lots of people from college? I asked after he recounted a story about taking a visiting friend from college (whose name was vaguely familiar to me) out in Old Town Alexandria.
Not too many.  You?
So, crazy story, when I moved to Richmond, I moved in next door to Kate Crenshaw.
Right, sure, Kate!  She and I were good friends toward the end of college.  Kept in touch for a bit.  Whats she up to these days? He took a long sip of his beer.
I nodded, vaguely remembering having a conversation with Kate about this.  I filled him in on her job and serious relationship with Ben that was about to become bicoastal.
Seattle is amazing.  Is she going to move?
I shrugged.  Too early to tell.
Have you been to Seattle?
I shook my head.
You should go out there with her sometime.  Great town.
You travel a lot?
He nodded, and we sipped our drinks quietly.
One more before last call? the bartender asked. I was already on my second glass and the world had begun to take on that ever so slightly fuzzy around the edges quality.
No, thanks.
Aw, come on.  Youre not going to make me drink alone, are you? Adam asked. His blue eyes had a playful glint to them.
Im not going anywhere, I offered.
Exactly  none of us are.  Which is why you need another drink.
The bartender raised her eyebrow and nodded her head at me, signaling that she was waiting.
Fine.  Ill have another.
Thats the spirit.
When our drinks arrived, he held his up and I raised mine to meet it.  Heres to long nights in airports, he said.
Cheers.
I watched as he moved the glass to his lips.  Strong fingers curled around the glass.  I think he played guitar in college.  Did he still?  And those lips.  That jaw.  He cut his eyes over unexpectedly as he lowered his glass.  My face was suddenly hot.  He smiled.  The barstool suddenly felt unstable.
What exactly do you do for work, again? he asked.  I laughed and launched into a more complete description of my job.  I explained that I worked for the outreach and education department at a bank and had developed a curriculum training college students about things like best practices for student loans and how to establish and maintain good credit.  I had started out delivering the training myself, but as the bank got national attention for the program, I had transitioned mostly to training other trainers.
Do you like it? he asked when I was done.
I nodded.
Whatever happened to the coffee shop?
You mean the one that was right off campus near the business building? A weird non-sequitur, but we were both a little buzzed. I haven't been back to campus in ages; I had no idea it was gone.
He laughed.  Not an actual coffee shop  the one you were going to run?
I hadnt thought about that in years.  How did he remember that?  When had I even mentioned it?
He must have read my confusion.  You mentioned it when we worked on the project together freshman year.
Did I?  How in the world did that come up?  It wasnt a business class, was it?
I dont even remember.  I think it just came up in conversation.  You were really, really passionate about it.
I had a vague memory of telling any and everyone my plan at one time.  A coffee shop combined with a paint-your-own pottery place.  Regulars could paint mugs and leave them in the shop and use them when they were there.  It seemed silly now. 
Starry-eyed dreams, I suppose.
You were serious about it.  You had all the details  even carried a business plan around in your backpack. 
I did not. Though maybe I did write something like this up my senior year as a capstone project.  That sounds right.
I was impressed.  I had never met someone who knew exactly what they wanted and had a plan like that.
 At the time, I had wanted him and done nothing about it.
I am seriously surprised that you arent running a coffee shop. Adam shook his head.
I doubt I had a good grasp on the economics of it all at eighteen.
I dont have a grasp on that now; I doubt I ever will.  Sometimes youve just got to leap.
I drained the last of my wine.  Id only meant to drink half of it.  Things were hazy.  Did you?
Did I what? he asked, distracted by his phone vibrating.  He checked it and slid it back in his pocket.
Did you leap?
I did.  The start-up I work for wasnt my idea, but I joined in with no guarantees.  Left a much more stable job where I was on the path to management.
Are you happy?
Most days, yes.
How about today?
For being stuck in the airport, I must say this isnt bad. I swear he winked at me.  But I was probably imagining it.  It was probably the wine.  Adam Kells winked at you, the eighteen-year-old me screamed.
We both settled our tabs and made our way out of the bar.  The airport was amazingly full.  It looked more like mid-day than post-midnight.
Want to go for a walk? he asked.
Sure.
We must have walked the length of the gate ten times.  We talked more about work.  Reminisced about college. Tried to guess where other passengers were from and whether they were traveling for business or pleasure.
That ones business and pleasure, he remarked, nodding his head toward a couple dressed in business suits, asleep in their chairs.  She was leaning deeply into his shoulder.
I dont think so.  I think shes going to be embarrassed when she wakes up. She doesnt realize that shes leaned on him in her sleep.
Sometimes we were quiet.  Just the sound of our suitcases rolling behind us. During one of these long, quiet stretches, he broke the silence.  Can I tell you something?
My neck went tingly.  Sure.
Earlier, when we were talking about freshman year and I said I never met anyone like you 
I nodded; my heart pounded.
I meant that.  I had a huge crush on you.
No way? I tried to sound casual, but my voice was nearly a squeak.
Id never met someone my age with such clear-cut plans.  I was fascinated.  That and, of course ..., 
What?
Well, you know, the whole being gorgeous thing didnt hurt.
I took a deep breath, tried to steady my voice.  You never said anything.
Are you kidding?  I never had a chance with you.
My hands were sweating now, and I was having a hard time grasping that this was real life. Actually, Im pretty sure you would have.
He stopped walking and turned toward me, an inquisitive look on his face.
I nodded.  Guilty of the same. I raised my right hand.
No way.
More nodding.
Why didnt you say anything?
I didnt see the point, either.
Huh, who knew?
Who knew ...
We stared at each other for what felt like an hour and then started walking again.  There was no more small talk, and the silence was suddenly loaded and heavy.
I think I might try to take a little nap. My energy was waning.  The buzz was wearing off into a throb.  I doubted I could sleep, but I needed to think.
Sounds like a plan.
We found two seats next to each other at my gate and grabbed blankets from the box at the check-in desk.
Here goes nothing, Adam said, sliding down in the chair so he could rest his head on the back of the seat.  Sleep tight.
You, too, I said.  I wrapped myself in the blanket and closed my eyes.
So Adam Kells had a crush on me in college. I could have just gone for it.  What else had I allowed to pass me by in life? Why hadnt I just kissed him all those years ago, no matter what?  Why was I always looking for the guarantee?   Like making sure my job would transfer before moving when I could have just moved in with Dave.
Dave.  I played the last few hours back in my mind.  He hadnt come up once.  You moved for work?  Adam had said, and I had just nodded.  I didnt move for work. Work was secondary to my boyfriend being in Richmond.  Fianc.  Fianc now.  Shit.  Why hadnt I mentioned that?  What was wrong with me?  I tried to picture Dave at home asleep, tried to imagine myself curled up next to him, but Adams face kept flashing to the top.  Huge crush on you, echoed over and over in my head.
Eventually I thought myself into some form of half-sleep.  I woke up when Adam started moving in the chair attached to mine.
Oh, hey.  Sorry, didnt mean to wake you.
I rolled my eyes.  No worries.  I woke up every time that security message played.
Who knew those ran all night? he said.
I will definitely not forget and leave my luggage unattended now. We both laughed.  What time is it?
5:30. He was folding up his blanket.  Im getting ready to head down to my gate.  Should be boarding soon.
I nodded.
He pulled a business card from his wallet and jotted an e-mail and phone number on the back.  It was amazing to run into you.  Id love to see you again.
I nodded.  My mouth was dry.  From the wine.  Or the airport air.  Or the insane knowledge that Adam Kells had a crush on me. Or that I could so easily neglect to mention my fianc. Thankfully the weird night was drawing to a close.  Things would be back to normal in a few hours.
Um, sure.  Yes, that would be great, I heard myself say as I removed a card from my purse and wrote my personal information on the back, unsure if this was eighteen-year-old me, just-being-polite me, or actually me in the here and now.  There was no logical reason to keep in touch with Adam.  None at all.
Our fingers touched as I handed him the card.  Sparks flew up my arm, and the tiny hairs stood on end.  Before I processed what was happening, his lips were on mine.  Warm and firm.  My head screamed no for the first few seconds and then gave in to the fireworks that were going off in the rest of my body as I returned his kiss.
When we finally pulled away, we held each others gaze for a moment.  His eyes seemed a deeper blue now, and there was something I couldnt place just beyond the glint of them.
So ..., he started.
So. 
Ill talk to you soon, then. He slid my card into his pocket.
I just nodded.  He gave a little wave and smile and walked off toward his gate.  I watched him walk away.  The tears stung in my throat, and I managed to make it to the bathroom before they spilled over.
Shit. Shit. Shit.  What was I doing?  I splashed water on my face and tried to take a breath.  It stuck in my chest.  I was nauseated.  Food.  I needed food.  And to have not just kissed Adam Kells.  What was wrong with me?

Halfway through my bagel, I decided to confront my phone.  My hand shook as I pressed the button to illuminate the screen.  As expected, there was a text from Dave.  My fianc.  Dave.  And one from Kate.  He had remembered that he was scheduled to lead the 10K training run this morning, hoped I didnt mind taking a cab from the airport, and was looking forward to seeing me soon.  I was immediately grateful for the extra time.  
Kates message was a reminder to send pictures of my ring.  My engagement ring. Engagement. To Dave.  Out of nowhere, a memory of a conversation she and I had popped into my head.  Our mutual friend from college, Jack, was getting married, and we were reminiscing about college and weddings and we had talked about Adam being married to someone else we went to school with.  Liza, maybe, or Liz? My face went cold as the blood drained out of it.  I had seen it in the alumni magazine.  Kate was friends with both of them but hadnt kept in touch.  She was surprised that they had gotten married.  It all came flooding back; the three of them had driven across country.  But we had talked about Kate last night.  What had he said, something about being close at the end of college?  No mention of being married to her friend.  Was he wearing a ring?  I wouldnt have missed that, would I?  I took a deep breath.  
My hand shook as I typed a message to Kate:  Random question of the day: didnt we talk about Adam Kells getting married to another friend of yours?
I sipped my sparkling water, took another bite of my bagel, and tried not to overreact.  Maybe I was remembering wrong.  Surely.  
I sent a message back to Dave, letting him know that would be fine and that I couldnt wait to see him.  I read it three times to make sure it sounded normal.  I felt sick as I hit Send.

Less than an hour later I was on the plane, getting ready to turn off my phone, when I received Kates reply:  That is totally random!  Yes, he married Liz Holman.

Chapter 4
Less than three hours later, I was unlocking the door to my apartment.  Never in my life had I wished for a flight to take longer  until today.  If the pilot had announced a delay, it would have been fine with me.  I needed more time to process the mess in my head.  
Usually I was so excited to come home.  Back to my comfortable couch and my own bed. The faint smell of cinnamon from my favorite candle.  The ability to have a simple bowl of cereal and a strong mug of coffee in my pajamas in the morning, instead of having to go out.  Today all I saw was the couch Dave helped me move in.  The same one that Kate and I had sat on and gossiped innocently about my unrequited college crush.  I saw a comfortable and well-put-together space full of my favorite things.  Everything in its place.  A great big giant glaring reminder of everything I had just disrupted.
And then I saw the box on the kitchen counter and his note next to it.  Didnt want you to have to wait.  See you this afternoon.  Love, Dave.  He was always doing little things like this.  It wasnt uncommon to come home from a trip to flowers or my favorite chocolate croissant from the coffee shop down the street.
I opened the box.  The bright clear blue stone in its simple, handmade, white gold setting.  Exactly what I had chosen.  I slipped it on my finger and closed my eyes.  I tried to picture us walking in the snow.  Tried to feel Daves arms around me and hear the earnestness in his voice.  Instead all I saw were Adams blue eyes.
My legs suddenly felt as if they were no longer strong enough to hold me.  I slid down the front of the cabinet into a crumpled ball on my kitchen floor.  The tears came hard and fast, and my whole body shook with them.  My head screaming why, and my heart pounding in protest.  I wished desperately for the last eight hours to have not happened.  For Adam never to have walked into that bar, or my flight to have taken off, or his to have  whatever.  Anything to not have kissed him, to somehow erase the knowledge that I was capable of doing what I had just done.  

Wish as I might, there are no do-overs in life.  Eventually I picked myself up off the floor and showered just in time to meet Dave for lunch.  I wanted to cry as soon as I saw him.  I had to pretend to have a runny nose from my airport ordeal when he enveloped me in a giant hug.  When his lips met mine, I pulled away, claiming I didnt want to share my possible germs.  My head pounded all afternoon, and my voice didnt sound like my own.
Its even prettier than I remembered, I commented on the ring, smiling hard against the voice in my head screaming, you kissed another man.
Thats right; you told me about dinner reservations for tonight.  I completely forgot. I also forgot that you existed for several hours last night.
Tell me about training today. Please, please, please talk for hours so I dont have to say another word.
Thats amazing; isnt that the guy who didnt even think he could run a mile? You are everything that is right with humanity and I dont deserve you.  I am the worst person ever.
After what felt like hours, but probably wasnt even one hour, I was too exhausted to even talk.
Did you sleep at all? he asked, no doubt nicely trying to figure out why I looked like shit.
I shook my head.
You should take a nap.
I nodded.  Thankfully, I was supposed to look tired and haggard today.  I had no idea how to pull off the rest of the week.  Month. Remainder of my life.
Dave walked me home, tucked me in, and kissed me on the forehead.  My eyes filled with tears, and this time I couldnt keep them from spilling over.
He tilted his head to the side, wordlessly asking why.
Im just really tired.  And youre so kind and amazing. It felt like the first totally true thing I had said all day.
Im not all that, he deflected.
You are. I was now crying openly.
He rubbed my shoulder until I stopped and then he moved to the living room and flipped on the television while I tried desperately to focus on the white noise and shut out everything else.

That night I claimed not to feel well enough to go to dinner. Our dinner.  So much for our fledgling tradition.  I managed to convince Dave not to stay over.  He had a big presentation in the coming week and couldnt afford to be sick.  When he left, I pulled the covers over my head and cried myself to sleep.
Sunday morning I woke up when my phone buzzed on the nightstand.  I cant stop thinking about you. I need to see you again.  It was a text from a number that wasnt programmed into my phone, and for a second I allowed myself to think that it was a mistake.  Then the follow-up:  Its Adam, by the way. In case you get these messages from lots of guys. My stomach rolled over.
The clock on my phone read 11:15 a.m.  I never slept in.
My phone chimed again, still in my hand.  From Dave:  Hey, feeling better? Want to get some lunch/breakfast/whatever?  My face went cold, then hot, and my stomach turned over.  I deleted Adams messages and replied to Dave, letting him know I was definitely sick and assuring him he should stay away.  I turned the sound off on my phone and burrowed back into my bed.
*
Wednesday I was sitting at my desk, feeling even more exhausted than I had on Sunday.  One sick day, two more days of avoiding Dave, and at least ten deleted texts from Adam later, I knew that ignoring it was not going to continue to work, but I was also trying to ignore that fact.  I was sitting at my computer at work, sipping on my third cup of tea, when I got Amys e-mail.
Hey there!  Just double checking, we said noon at Perlys, right?
Ugh. I had complete forgotten this on my list of things to cancel.  Amy was a good friend of Kates, and I knew her through her husband, Jack, a friend of mine from college. The three of us had a standing lunch date on Wednesdays.  We had been off schedule due to the holidays, but last time we all met Amy and I had agreed we would go ahead and meet this week, even though Kate was out of town.  The thought had been that it would give us something to look forward to in the post-holiday work week. Instead the transition back to work had been a welcome break from the mess in my head.
I clicked on Amys message, ready to reply with an excuse, but noticed that it was already 11:45.  I hated to cancel so last minute.  Plus, I didnt know Amy that well; it shouldnt be too hard to keep it light.  I was going to have to rejoin my life at some point.  

Amy waved from a table near the middle of the crowded restaurant.  I instinctively waved back and felt nearly normal for a split second.
I got here just in time, she explained and started to get up.
Dont get up, I insisted.  
Happy New Year, she said, wiggling out of the booth anyway and giving me a friendly hug. The familiar tears bit at the back of my throat.
You look amazing, I said, hugging back.  Amy was pregnant. She had to be the cutest, most put-together pregnant lady ever.  Her nearly black hair was recently cut into a perfect chin-length bob, and her clothes were as simple and stylish as ever.  Today she was wearing thick-rimmed tortoiseshell glasses, the kind I would love to have been able to pull off.  How were your holidays? I asked.
Really great.
Everyone played nice? Amy always worried about her mother and Jacks mother clashing since they had polar opposite but equally strong personalities.  
She laughed.  They did.  I think maybe my moms mellowing in her old age, or were just getting used to it.  Either way, it was blissfully uneventful.
The waitress took our order.
Enough about me.  I hear you had an exciting holiday.
I froze.  What did she know?  How?  Shit!  What was I thinking?  Jack.  He probably knew Adam  did Adam say something?  Were they even friends in college?
Amy was staring at me with a look of total confusion on her face.  Kate told me you and Dave got engaged.
I laughed way too loudly and not at all naturally, Right, yes!  Engaged!  Dave and I.  I tried to swallow but couldnt.
Thats great, Amy said, smiling under her still furrowed brow. Wonderful.  Wow.
The waitress brought our food.  I sipped some water. I should have canceled.  Of course she would want to talk about the engagement.
So, lets see the ring? 
I wasnt wearing it.  I hadnt since lunch with Dave on Saturday.  Sized. I cleared my throat.  Its being sized.
She nodded.  I focused on my water.
After a long pause, she continued with the normal line of questioning, confusion still lingering in her face. So tell me all about it.  How did it happen?  What does the ring look like? 
I gave the quickest rundown I could of the engagement   New Years Day, our dinner plans, the snowstorm.  My voice was getting shaky. My heart was racing, as were my words. 
Is everything okay? she asked in that kind way that will bring tears to your eyes and I lost it.  Dont feel like you have to tell me anything.  Its just that, if theres anything I can do 
I wanted to tell her.  Everything.  I wanted it not to all just be mine.  For someone to tell me it was normal. That everything would be okay. I ... I just ... so, when I was flying home from that conference, I got delayed overnight ... 
Through my blurry eyes I could see her nodding.  My heart was pounding.  I, well, I ... I took a deep breath and tried to reign in my thoughts.  No way. I couldnt tell her.  This was a terrible idea.  But Id started. How can I explain without explaining?
So, um ...I  Think.  What would make me sad and weird? Think. Think. Think. There was no way I could tell her about Adam.  I mean, a wedding? I heard my own voice say.  Marriage?  Am I ready for that? 
Once I started, the words just kept coming. I havent even lived in the same city as Dave for six months, and I travel a lot for my job, and it takes forever now with no direct flights out of Richmond. More nodding from Amy.  The emotional vomit continued, Sometimes I wonder if it was even a good idea to come here.
Amy looked pensive.  What was I doing?  Why didnt I just say I was tired from traveling?  Overwhelmed at work?  I am going to go home and not open my mouth for days.  Days.
Im sorry.  I have no idea where all that came from. It was the truth. 
No, no, Im glad you told me.  I remember feeling really confused right after Jack and I got engaged.  I worried a lot about what people would think about the short time we dated, our quick engagement.  I mean, if I had been my friend, I would have thought I was crazy.
I nodded, sniffled, and wiped my nose unattractively with the soaked napkin.
It was hard for me to reconcile this idea that I had become someone that didnt fit my own image of what I should be and yet I was happy. She paused and took a bite of her salad.
What did you do?
Whined a lot.  Cried a lot. Probably inadvertently treated Jack like shit.  Finally somewhere in all that mess, I decided to stop fighting against myself.
You make that sound so easy.
It wasnt.
We focused on our food for a few minutes.
I guess Im just saying, maybe it isnt really about Dave or marriage at all.
I shrugged and nodded.  I had no idea what it was about. None at all.  I just knew I had made a mess of my perfect life.

Chapter 5
My conversation, or rather my deluge of emotion, with Amy left me feeling slightly better.  The night after we had lunch was the first time in more than a week that I slept all night without waking up.  I still felt what I can only describe as a sort of heaviness, as if there as a switch that was flipped somewhere deep inside me that could never be flipped back.  There was a new perspective, a new filter for everything; but at the same time, some normalcy started to creep back in.
No longer able to make up excuses for not seeing him, I met Dave at his apartment after work on Friday, and we walked to one of our favorite bars in his neighborhood.
Nice holiday? the regular bartender, Allison, greeted.
Oh, not too shabby, Dave answered.
My heart beat faster, and I was unsure if it was the boyish playfulness in his eyes when he looked at me or my nervousness about sharing our engagement.  
I got some new jewelry, I said, stretching my hand across the bar for her inspection.
Is this what I think it is? she asked.
We both nodded.
You guys?!  How are you all nonchalant about this?!  This is incredible, she gushed.  Im seriously excited. She called another, less regular bartender over. They just got engaged.
She congratulated us as well, and they both commented on my ring before supplying us each with a drink on the house to celebrate.
I have to say, I had my suspicions that this was going to happen, Allison said.  Dave talked about you all the time  always going to visit you or excited you were coming to visit him.  When he told me you were moving here, I swear he didnt stop smiling for weeks.
I smiled and nodded.  She moved on, and Dave and I reminisced about our long-distance days and his trips to my apartment in D.C.  There were countless silly stories involving my roommate.  Like the time she was cat-sitting for a co-worker and the cat got out.  The three of us spent the better part of an afternoon searching for him, terrified that we were going to find his remains in the middle of the street, only to return home and find him meowing for dinner outside our apartment.
The happy hour slid into a few more drinks and a couple of appetizers for dinner.  The sort of lazy, plans-free, break from the rest of our lives night that was the hallmark of Daves and my relationship.  As the evening wore on, I started to feel even more like myself.  
A few hours later, I lay snuggled into Daves shoulder after sex, which hadnt been as difficult as I had feared it would be.  Maybe it was the absence of any physical contact for nearly a week, or the nostalgia about our early days.  Maybe it was just the wine.
He twirled a strand of my hair with his free hand.  You know tonight at the bar was the first time all week someone found out I was engaged and didnt ask when the wedding was? he said.
I started to respond; my heart pounded a little quicker.  I hadnt mentioned my engagement to anyone, and no one thought to question, given the absence of my ring, prior to today.  I just nodded, not trusting my voice.
I dont feel like theres really a rush, do you?
I shook my head.  Not particularly.  Im just getting used to the engaged thing.  And the living in Richmond thing, I said and immediately thought about Adam teasing me about my hesitation about where I was from.
He nodded.  Exactly.
I guess I do need to figure out if I should sign another lease on this place, or just go month to month, he said, more thinking out loud than asking my opinion.
Is your lease up soon? This sounded vaguely familiar, but I couldnt remember the details.
End of March.
Hmm ... My eyelids were suddenly heavy, and I wasnt sure if I was really that tired or if it was some deep-rooted reflexive avoidance technique.  Whatever the reason, I slurred out,  Maybe we should figure it out tomorrow.
He laughed and tousled my hair before dislodging his arm and rolling over to flip off the light.  Goodnight, sleepy-head. 
As I drifted off to sleep, warm and comfortable, I allowed myself to think that even though I had changed things forever, maybe there could be a new normal.

When I woke up the next morning, Dave was sitting on the edge of the bed, tying his shoes.  Training? I asked.
He nodded. Shorter run today; Ill be back in a couple hours.
I nodded.
Your phones been going crazy all morning, by the way, he said, nodding toward the living room, where Id left my purse.  
I looked at the clock; it wasnt even 7 a.m.  Work?  Before 7, on  Saturday, seriously?  I groaned.
Im sure whatever it is can wait until Monday, he said, then kissed me goodbye.
It was warm and cozy in his bed.  I had spent so much time at his apartment before I moved, it felt like my second home.  I remembered how impressed I had been the first time I visited him.  His apartment was so neat and organized.  Since he was five years my senior, I had chalked it up to his maturity.  None of my male friends in D.C. had apartments like his.  Of course, I had learned that it had very little to do with age and everything with simply who he was:  a minimalist, with a preference for nice things.  I had immediately felt at home here. 
I started to get up.  Whatever it is can wait until Monday.  Dave was always the one who talked me down from feeling like an underachiever for not working 70 hours a week.  Sometimes I had to do the same for him. We were both driven and stubborn.  Our balance wasnt as much a yin and yang as it was the ability to see each other more clearly than we saw ourselves.  We understood each other in only the way people who have much in common can. 
My conversation with Amy popped into my head again, interrupting the warm fairy tale I was spinning for myself.  Dave and I were exactly alike, except for the part where I kissed someone else the same week we got engaged.  Those things I told her had to be defense mechanisms, not Freudian slips.  I shook my head and wished I could have kept the thought at bay just a bit longer. The warmth and coziness now gone, I got up to make a pot of coffee.  While it was brewing, I checked my phone.  The messages werent from work.  
I felt a chill as soon as I saw the number.
I have a 4 hour layover in Richmond this coming Tuesday.  Lets meet.  Cant stop thinking about you.
The same message had been sent multiple times.
My spine tingled, some reflexive reaction to Adam Kells not being able to stop thinking about me.  I gritted my teeth against that part of me that was still enamored with the idea of him.  He was married.  I was engaged. Whatever happened in those weird sleep-deprived hours at the airport was in the past. I was 26, not 18, and this was ridiculous.  He was ridiculous.  Why did he ever even tell me about having a crush on me?  Married.  He was married.  Unless he wasnt ... which wouldnt matter at all, because I am engaged.  To Dave.  
I closed my eyes and thought about his arms around me, about our laughter in the bar last night, about his strong hands all over me.  I looked at the ring on my left hand.  The one he and I had picked together.  I could hear the nervous tremble in his voice when he proposed.  I imagined the same when we said our vows.  
I started typing:  Im engaged to someone I love very much.  Im pretty sure you are married.  I have decided to move past that night in the airport and you should too.  I am not able to meet with you next week. Please stop texting me.
I clicked off the screen to my phone and poured myself a cup of coffee.  I took a deep breath of the warm coffee air.  Daves favorite blend, from the shop down the street that roasts its own.  Done.  It was done.  Dave would be home soon.  Hed shower, we would go to breakfast.  That was it.  Nothing to do but move on and wait for the image of Adam to start to dissolve.  Ten years from now, this would be a blip.
I was talking a good game in my head, but my shoulders were still at my ears when my phone buzzed on the counter.  I jumped. Coffee sloshed down my hand.  
There were three words on the screen: Who is this? 
Three little words that made my whole body go cold.  Then hot. Then cold again.  I stopped blinking.  The phone, still in my hand, buzzed again.
Tell me!
Shit.
You are destroying my marriage!!
 My hands were shaking.  I put down my coffee and the phone.  Liz.  I didnt know her well, but I did know her.  Until this point, Adams wife was just a concept.  I had been more concerned with the reason he never mentioned her than with her.  Now I could see her, or rather the 18- to 22-year-old version of her.  Long, wavy brown hair that always looked just the right bit wild and unkempt.  She was one of those girls who could pull of the slouchy boyfriend jeans without actually looking like a boy.  For some reason, I think she was an English major.  Maybe I heard recently she had written a novel?  My hands were still shaking.  Liz.  Adams wife. 
It had never occurred to me that she would find out, which of course now seemed yet another way in which I was being ridiculous about this.  Of course she would find out.  Why wouldnt she find out?  Why, for that matter wouldnt Dave find out?  What if my phone hadnt been in my purse this morning?  He very well could have seen all those texts.
 I went into my history and deleted all of Adams messages, as well as the latest three from Liz.  Who was I?  What was I doing? Suddenly I was the crazy hiding, cheating fiance.  Covering my tracks.  My stomach turned over.  I felt sick.  The warm, fuzzy, I-can-get-over-this-and-move-on thoughts evaporated.  Gone.  Like they never existed at all.  Because, lets be honest, they didnt.  
Ruining my marriage, played over and over and over in my head.  
For the last week I had been reminding myself that it was just a kiss, as if there was some grand ranking of transgressions, of which I had barely skimmed the surface.  As if some sort of adolescent base system applied to infidelity.  Its okay, because it was only first base. 
The truth that I was trying desperately to ignore was that we talked for hours, neither of us mentioning our partners, and ended the evening with a kiss.  It was a first date. You dont go on first dates when you are engaged or married.  Adam had a wife, and what he and I shared, no matter how PG, was breaking up his marriage. 
*
Tuesday morning, I waited in line at my local coffee shop and tried to calm down.  Today was definitely a green tea sort of day, I didnt need anything to add to my jitters.  There hadnt been a word from Adam, nor Liz, since Saturday, but I also hadnt been able to hide from Dave. 
I had tried to be as normal as possible all weekend, but I was distant and distracted.  There had been no way out.  I had already played sick all week.  I tried the work excuse once, but he was adamant that I not give in and work on the weekend.
Trying to swallow down all my guilt and regret just made me moody, which in turn made Dave think I was picking fights, which made him defensive.  The weekend had ended in a heated discussion about where to go to dinner, each of us trying to second guess the other.
How about Bennys? I had suggested.
Do you want barbecue?
I shrugged.  Its your favorite.
Thats not what I asked.
Then yes, Id like barbecue.
You never want barbecue.
I do tonight.
He had rolled his eyes and turned back to the magazine he was reading.
What do you want, then? I asked.
To eat whatever you want.
I have no opinion.
You never have no opinion.
Whats that supposed to mean?
His answer was raised eyebrows.
Eventually we decided to make a giant bowl of popcorn and eat it while watching a movie.  During which, by the grace of God, I fell asleep.  Monday we had both been too busy to talk much, but hed called last night to see if we could do lunch today, and there was something in his voice I couldnt place.  Which, of course, immediately made me think he knew, even though the logical me was fairly certain he didnt.  I had triple-checked my cell phone, making sure it was on silent and out of sight at all times.  And Liz had no idea I was the one ruining her marriage, so she couldnt have tracked him down.  Unless Adam had told her ... 
What I was beginning to realize was that I was never going to be free of this, and I thought about telling Dave but was certain that, if I did, he wouldnt stick around. So my choices were not to tell him and let it linger forever, causing tension, or to tell him and end our relationship.  Basically, I could end it fast or end it slow. The debate raged on long after I got my tea.  It pounded in my head as a walked to the hotel I was training in, as I set up my things in the conference room.  
I tried to focus myself by going over the notes for a presentation I had given a million times, but they werent enough distraction.  Even giving the presentation itself wasnt enough distraction; I lost my train of thought multiple times during the short hour-long session.  I was off and flat and distracted.  My trainees lost interest, and I lacked the energy to get us back on track.
I was handing out the evaluation forms (that were likely not going to bear any resemblance to my usual glowing ones) when he walked in.  Adam Kells.  In Richmond.  Right there across a relatively small room from me.
Thanks, everyone.  Just leave the evaluations on your table when youre done. My voice was shaky, and not my own.
The people began to file out of the room, and Adam shuffled closer to me.  I started picking up the evaluations.
We need to talk, he said.
What are you doing here?  How did you find me? I whisper-screamed.
I got your out-of-office message when I sent a message to your work account.
Of course.  I always updated my out-of-office message for these short sessions, indicating where the training was and what time it started, in case someone e-mailed for last-minute details.  Damn my good customer service.
Listen, I should have told you I was married, he said. The truth is, things arent going well ...
Didnt you just get married recently? Why could I remember that detail now and none, none of it that night in the airport?
He cleared his throat.  We were friends forever beforehand. Ive known her a long time.
Since college.
Right ... you would know Liz. He was pensive; it was clearly the first time he had made this connection.
I just nodded and kept moving around the room, picking up papers.
You have to let me explain.
Listen, I stopped and turned to face him.  There were things I didnt tell you, either.  Like the fact that I am engaged.  You dont have to explain, because Im done with this.
What do you mean?
I mean I am trying to forget that I ran into you in the airport.  I am trying to not let this derail my life.
Why?
My heart was pounding now.  Why?  Why?  That was his question.  My annoyance at his unannounced appearance turned into full-blown anger.  
What do you mean, why?
Why are you trying to forget this?  How good can this relationship of yours be if you didnt even so much as mention it to me?
This coming from the man who never mentioned he was married?
I just told you I was unhappy.
Which makes it okay to lie?
No, thats not what Im saying ...
What are you saying then?
Im saying if neither of us are happy, and we both admit that we shared something that night, then why not spend some time to figure out if theres anything between us?
I was happy before I ran into you.
He raised an eyebrow.
And theres nothing between us, I said in reply to the eyebrow.  Which was infuriatingly intense and handsome.
There was.
When we were in college.
It wasnt that long ago.
Five years and your marriage is a long time in my book.
I stacked the evaluations and put them in my bag, along with my laptop.
I didnt come here to fight about this, Carolyn. His voice was soft and gravely.  Tired, like that night in the airport.  Why was he so hot?
I was very clear in my message to you that I did not want to see you.
Yes, but ...
And your wife was very clear in her message back to me that I was ruining your marriage.
Is that what this is about?
Now the raised eyebrow was mine.  He was standing in front of me, blocking the path to the door.  I moved around him and walked to the back of the room.
Look, I said, digging deep to steady my voice.  Whatever happened in the airport that night was one strange, sleep-deprived moment in time.  One I have no intention to repeat.  You are married.  I am engaged.  Moving on.
He stared at me, his eyes piercing mine.  Bright blue and intense and sad.  Sadness  thats what I had seen before and couldnt name.  All it took was that moment, the flash of compassion that must have registered in my eyes, and his lips were on mine.
I pushed him away almost instantly, but not before Dave saw everything.
He stood there, just outside the room, his eyes locked on me.  Then his gaze slowly moved to Adam.  Then back to me.  There was a look in his eyes that I had never seen before.  Some mix of total confusion, disappointment, and anger.  I had no idea how long he had been there.  How much he had heard. 
I ...um ... I started, but there werent words. 
He shook his head, started to say something, then stopped.  His eyes never left mine.
I can explain, I tried weakly, but we both knew I couldnt.
He shook his head.  The silence was heavy.
Just give me a minute, I ... 
Dont, was the first and only word he said before he turned and walked away.
I called after him.  He didnt turn around.  I walked quickly down the hall until I was beside him.
Can we just talk about this? 
He kept walking.
Please, I implored.
Finally he stopped and turned to face me.  Not now.  Maybe someday, but not now. His voice was measured and even.  Final.  I watched him walk away.

When I finally made my way back to the conference room to retrieve my laptop and purse, Adam was slumped against the wall outside the room.
Carolyn, Im so sorry ...
Dont.  Just dont.  I told you Im done. Done.
I picked up my things and walked out the door past him without another word.
I kept walking until I got home.  I threw my training materials onto my coffee table as I collapsed on the couch.  The evaluation on top of the stack read:  The trainer seemed totally unprepared and utterly lost the whole time.

Chapter 6
There was a knock at my door at just after 7:00pm Wednesday.  Happy hour had ended early tonight.  I couldnt remember the last time one of our long-standing weekly happy hours hadnt turned into dinner, and it was Bens last week in town, so this should have been a long one.  Id gotten a text from Kate around 5:30.  It had simply read !!! I had secretly hoped that the evening would last long enough that she wouldnt feel comfortable stopping by.  I was not ready to talk.  More knocking.
Hey, I greeted as I opened the door, after I checked to verify that it was, in fact, Kate.  At least all my common sense wasnt gone.
Her face was full of concern.  Whats going on? she said, then held out two take-out containers.  Apple pie and ice cream from Tarrant's, she explained, referencing the restaurant one block from our apartment, our favorite place to go for late-night dessert.  Also, not where they were having happy hour, meaning that she made a special stop to bring me my favorite thing  a kindness I certainly didnt deserve.  Hopefully someone was buying Dave something.  Something like a whiskey on the rocks.  My eyes filled with tears.  
I took the containers from her as she came in and stopped in the kitchen and unloaded them into a shallow bowl.  We sat on the couch with the bowl between us.  The apple pie was still warm.
After a few bites, I asked. What do you know?
I know that Dave came to meet you for lunch, heard you fighting with some guy.  Then you and the guy kissed.  I know that he thinks it wasnt the first time you had met this person.
Kates voice was level and kind. She was reporting what she knew.  I appreciated her directness.  She knew me well enough to know I wouldnt have wanted her to sugarcoat it, but my stomach still turned over thinking about Dave telling the story.
How is he? I asked, setting my fork down and steadying my hand against my leg.
Angry, she said and crinkled her nose a bit.  Also, sad.
I nodded.  Dave didnt get angry much, but when he did, his was a quiet angry.  A steeliness in his eyes that you had to know him to see.  Until now, this had never been directed at me.
Its Bens last week in town.  Tonight was supposed to be fun; I hate that I screwed that up.
She shrugged.  He and Dave are still out.  I sort of figured Dave might talk to him a little more if I wasnt there.  He was mostly just quiet.
I relaxed a little.  Ben was Daves closest friend.  At least he wasnt thousands of miles away yet.  Of course, now Ben would be leaving his girlfriend and his newly unengaged best friend behind. What a mess.
So ... Kate prodded gently.
I took a deep breath and told her the whole story.  Every bit of it, from the airport, to the text messages, to his showing up at my training, to Dave walking in.  She listened intently, only stopping a few times to clarify.
So thats why you were curious about Adam being married?
Liz texted you?
Im almost certain theyve been married less than a year.  I think their wedding was just a few months before Amys and Jacks.
When I finished talking we were both quiet.
Wow, she said, looking thoughtful and trying to take it all in.
I nodded and slumped back against the couch.  I twisted my engagement ring on my finger.  I should probably take it off, but I wasnt ready. 
Thats some deep shit, my friend, she finally said.
Which for some reason made me laugh.  I have no idea why. Perhaps because it so perfectly captured the inelegance of my situation, or maybe it was just something in the tone she used and her crinkled up nose, as if she could really, actually smell the steaming pile of excrement that was my life.  No matter, I was grateful for the laugh.
Kate got up and went to my refrigerator, opened it, and surveyed the contents.
Do you have vodka? she asked, pulling out a bottle of San Pellegrino.
I nodded.
Do you even want mixer? she asked, holding up the bottle of water. 
I laughed again and nodded.
It seems like this calls for a little more than ice cream and apple pie, she commented as she mixed our drinks.  
I so appreciate the dessert, though.  Seriously, you didnt have to.
Of course I did, she said matter-of-factly, handing me my drink.
We both took a long first sip.  I took a second.
Im sorry if this puts you in a weird position with Liz.  Or Adam for that matter. I had thought about this about halfway through my story, but there was really no way around it.
I dont talk to Liz much. She found me on Facebook and we played a little catch-up, nothing major.  I dont think Ive talked to Adam since the summer after graduation. 
I nodded.  Kate was one of those people from our small college who sort of evaporated, inactive even on social media until fairly recently.  I had been shocked to run into her when I was moving into my apartment because she could have just as easily been in California.  Despite being roommates freshman year, we hadnt stayed close in college, and our friendship now was much more predicated on our being neighbors and the fact that she was dating my boyfriends best friend  more correctly, my...fianc ... or, rather, ex-fianc now.  I pinched the bridge of my nose.
I want to talk to him, I said, then clarified, Dave.
Kate just nodded.
Or at least I think I do.  I mean, I really dont have any clue what I would say.  It cant be undone.  And I know, I cleared my throat, I know we wont be together anymore ... I traced a drip of condensation down my icy glass.  It was the first time I had said this out loud.  I had said it in my head over and over a million times in the last twenty-four hours.
What about Adam?
My heart lurched a little.  I took another long sip of my drink.  I hadnt really let myself think about Adam much.  I was free now, so to speak.  There was no reason not to explore it, assuming at some point his marital status did actually change.  
I mean, its crazy about the whole liking each other in college thing ...
She nodded.
I had no idea he felt that way.  But every time I think about him, I just feel angry.  And I know that Im as much to blame as he is.  But I just cant see moving forward.  Hes married, and for some reason, Im hesitant to believe thats going to change.  Right now I cant think of him as anything other than the guy that broke Dave and me up. I took another, smaller sip of my drink, noticing I was feeling a little buzzed.  Dinner of apple pie and heavy-handed vodka drink will do that to you.  Hes still really hot, though. I added as an afterthought.
Kate laughed.  I dont know how I missed that all those years, I guess I just thought about him as a friend.
I shrugged.  I sort of wish I could say the same.  But despite all that, I dont really see it going anywhere. I feel terrible enough about his marriage, I could never ...
He should have told you.
I should have told him I was engaged.
Yes, you both made omissions.  You cant blame yourself for his.  Dont take that on, on top of everything else.
I nodded.  She made it sound so easy. An image of her and me huddled into a booth at Tarrant's, splitting a bottle of wine, popped into my head.  She was head over heels for Ben and trying to talk herself out of it because he was moving across the country.  I was telling her to go for it and ignore the timing.  Im sure I made it sound easy. Ridiculous.  Who was I to go around doling out advice?  As if I had it all figured out.  I suppose I thought I did back then,
Im supposed to be here for you right now, with Ben leaving and everything ... I lamented, sounding to myself like a whiny three-year-old  which I hated.
She smiled.  Im really okay. She finished off her drink.  I mean, Im sure Ill be a wreck on Friday when the movers come, and an even bigger mess on Saturday when I take him to the airport.  But Ive got my plane tickets purchased for my first trip out there in February, and hes got his for his trip back here in early April for the 10K.
And you got Amys e-mail with all the good stuff weve got planned for you Saturday night and next week, right?  Though I cant really take credit; shes done all of the work.
Kate rolled her eyes.  You know thats not true. It wasnt.  I had been heavily involved in the planning early on; I just hadnt been much help lately.  Heres the thing:  Youre allowed to be the friend that needs me sometimes.  Im always a mess.
I shook my head.
Okay, maybe less of a mess recently, but lets be honest.
I smiled a little.  It had been sort of a rough fall for Kate, with her best friend Amy marrying her college ex-boyfriend Jack; plus, falling in love with the best man who was moving away.
Point is, you dont have to be perfect.  None of us are.
I nodded and swallowed back tears.  Dave always used to say the same thing.

Thursday morning, I was an hour into the 6:05 a.m. train ride to Washington, D.C., for a two-day training at the banks headquarters, and there was a blank e-mail with Daves address in the subject line staring me in the face.  I had done everything else I could possibly think of.  I had replied to Amys e-mail for Kates Week of Fun, confirming that I was in for all activities, including hosting dinner and TV night at my apartment on Wednesday night.  I had set up lunches, dinners, and happy hours with old friends for my time in D.C.  Now it was just this.
I started a million times.  Type a line.  Delete.  Type a line.  Delete.   I closed my eyes and thought about my ring, at home in its box.  Id taken it off to avoid questions from my friends.  I hadnt decided how to deal with their questions about Dave yet, but I knew for certain I couldnt perpetuate that I was engaged.  I started typing again.  There was simply no way to put my feelings in words.  Not surprising, since I couldnt seem to name them myself.  Finally, just outside of Union Station, I went with what I knew: business.
Dave,
I need to return the ring to you, and I guess some other things (keys to your apartment, etc.).  I would very much like to do this in person.  Im not going to try to explain or ask you to reconsider.  It just seems really impersonal not to give these items directly to you.  Im booked this week with Amy and Kate, but could we meet for lunch next Saturday?  I was thinking Strawberry Street Cafe, maybe?
If you would prefer me just to drop everything off at your place, or at your office or something, I understand.
Love,
Carolyn
My heart pounded as I hit Send.  This was it.  Three years and an engagement, albeit brief, and he was gone.  Obviously this wasnt my first breakup.  The difference was, those other  breakups were always accompanied by some sense of relief.  Whether I was on the giving or the receiving end, there had always been something fundamentally wrong.  This time, things were perfect  until I broke them, for reasons I couldnt even explain, in a way I would never have imagined I was capable of.  Done.  I slid my laptop into its bag and left the train feeling ten pounds heavier.  I could only hope this would fade with time.

Friday evening on the train home, I got Daves response:
Saturday lunch at Strawberry Street would be fine.  Lets say noon.
Cold.  Business-like.  I shivered a little and tried to focus on the fact that he was willing to meet me.  Except now I wondered why I wanted this so much.  Was it some secret desire of my soul that he wrap me in his arms and tell me all is forgiven?  Probably.  Though my head knew that wasnt even the slightest bit possible.
I also had an e-mail from Adam. It had been there since the night before, glaring at me, but Id busied myself with other things and ignored it.  He was sweet and apologetic, which only served to annoy me.  He talked about how things werent going as he expected with his marriage, and how he admired my drive and passion.  How much he just wanted to talk.  I read his e-mail twice.  Waited for it to sink in.  Waited to feel something other than annoyed.  I pictured him standing in front of me, sad blue eyes piercing mine as he implored me to give him a chance.  But there was nothing.  Whatever had been there was gone. My head, heart, and soul were all on the same page on this one.
I drafted a response.  Short, but far longer than the one I sent Dave, yet it took half the time.  I thanked him for his kind words and stated quite clearly that I did not want to pursue a relationship of any kind and hoped he would respect my wishes.
Just before I closed my laptop to try to lose myself in a mindless pop culture magazine for the rest of the trip, I read two e-mails from D.C. friends I had met up with:
So great to have you back in town.  What a much-needed Carolyn fix!  Youre moving back someday, right?  This was from a former co-worker who sent basically the same message every time I was in town.
So whats next for you, now that theres nothing to keep you in Richmond? (Hint: the city misses you!  Come back!) This was from my former roommate and one of my closest friends.  She had been fully supportive of my move and was a big fan of Daves.  While she had been sad to hear about the breakup, she had also managed to remind me several times how much I hated flying out of Richmond and the fact that I traveled to DC by train at least twice a month.
Her words rung in my head as I loaded my suitcase and laptop bag into the back of my car.  What exactly was it that was keeping me here, now, if anything?

Chapter 7
Sunday morning, I tiptoed into the living room to get my laptop.  Amy and I had taken Kate out to see an 80s cover band the night before as a distraction on her first night after putting Ben on the plane to Seattle.  In reality, I was just as grateful for the distraction as she had been.  After several hours of screaming along with the band, our adrenaline was too high for us to sleep.  So she came over to my place and we changed out of our 80s costumes into pajamas and happened upon a Molly Ringwald marathon on some cable channel.  The perfect nightcap. We both fell asleep near the middle of The Breakfast Club.  When I woke up, Pretty in Pink was on and Kate was still fast asleep.  I moved to my bedroom and brought her a blanket.
Apparently I should have left myself on the couch, as well, because my sleep was fitful at best for the rest of the night.  When the sun came up, I decided to give in to the sleeplessness and do something productive.  Ever since the train ride back from D.C., I hadnt been able to get this idea of moving back there out of my head.  I could sublet my apartment here and ask for a transfer back.  Surely my boss would be thrilled to slice two round-trip train tickets a month from his expenses.  Not to mention the fact that the airfare for the rest of my travel was exponentially more expensive from Richmond.
My only concern was that it would look bad, requesting a transfer less than six months ago and then asking to go right back.  Did it make me look flighty?  Take me out of the running for promotions?  Or was it the opposite?  I always worried that ever since my move I was out of sight, out of mind.  Would I increase my chances for advancement by moving back to what was essentially the management hub of the bank?  Now that you have no reason to stay there ...
I thought about Kate sleeping on my couch and my growing friendship with Amy.  Last night was fun.  I thought about Kate bringing me pie from Tarrants and about the giant, knowing hug Amy gave me yesterday.  I would miss this, and yet, there was Dave around every corner.  Could I get around that?  Would I stop missing him faster if I moved? It couldnt hurt to explore the idea. It wasnt like I had to decide today.
I flipped open my laptop and typed the name of the realty company I used to rent from, then filled in Adams Morgan, my old neighborhood.  I filtered for one bedroom or studios in the same price range as my current rent.  Nothing.  I upped it by $100.  Still nothing.  Another hundred yielded one studio that even expert real estate photography hadnt been able to make look particularly livable.  I had to add another $500 to find an apartment comparable to mine.  This meant one of two things:  a raise or a roommate.  I was certainly due the first.  The latter was far less appealing.  
My e-mail pushed notification of a new message, and I clicked over to check it.  A sale at Banana Republic.  As I was marking it to delete, my eye fell on Daves response.  Now that you have no reason to stay ...
Kate made a faint snoring noise from the other room.  It wouldnt be so terrible to have a roommate if the raise thing didnt work out.  I opened a document and started outlining my accomplishments for the year and what I felt my largest contributions over time were at the bank.  
*
Wednesday night, I pulled the pan of roasted Brussels sprouts out of the oven just as Kate and Amy knocked on my door.
It smells amazing in here, Amy said, handing me two bottles of wine.
You didnt have to, I protested. 
No, really, I did.  Jacks not a big wine drinker, and Im starting to not trust myself around them.
Kate and I laughed.
After the baby is born, we should have a week of wine nights, Kate said.
Yes, please.
Seriously, though, you guys are so amazing to do this.  It really is nice to have something to look forward to every night, Kate said.
You might want to wait until you taste all this before you thank me too much, I said, peeking at the macaroni and cheese finishing up in the oven.  Cooking for your vegetarian, nutritionist friend with a weekly food column was not the easiest dinner party ever, even when it was supposed to be informal.
I had gone with a comfort food theme for the evening, playing off her favorite sides at a restaurant in the neighborhood.  There was macaroni and cheese, green beans, Brussels sprouts, and roasted beets.  And I had only cheated and ordered the beets as take-out from the actual restaurant. Who knew how to cook beets?  I was particularly proud of the green beans, cooked in a brown butter sauce with almonds. 
So, tell the truth:  Did you totally convert Ben?  Or is he still a carnivore? Amy asked.
She laughed a little. You guys are worse than he is.  Im not trying to convert people. Its not like a cult or something. We laughed.  But to answer your question, he is still very much a carnivore.  Though he did let it slip that he really likes the tofu breakfast wrap at this cafe near his office.
It probably reminds him of that amazing stuff you make with the curry and sundried tomatoes and asparagus, I said.
Kate laughed.  Aw, thanks.  Its turmeric, though; curry wouldnt be quite the same, just in case youre ever trying to make it. 
Whatever; you know that I wont.  Not sure Ive ever even heard of turmeric.
 Thats it  day one of wine week will be a champagne brunch, and you can bring that, Amy said.
Done and done.
I moved all the food to the table while we were talking.
Sit, eat, I said, carrying a bottle of wine for Kate and me and sparkling water for Amy.
So thoughtful, she said as she filled her wine glass.  Seriously, the bubbles make a difference at this point.  They really do.
I nodded.
Carolyn always has the good stuff.  This place is so well-stocked, Kate said, then added, These are phenomenal, as she stabbed a green bean with her fork.
Thank you.
Everything is awesome, Amy echoed.
Whew. I smiled and feigned wiping my forehead in relief.
Whatever; youre a great cook, Kate said.  Remember those scalloped potatoes you made when we had pre-Thanksgiving?
Thats right; I forgot about that.  You threatened us with Tofurky.
No so much threatened ...
Dave ended up making that turkey breast  ... Dave was truly a great cook.  My stomach dropped a bit at the thought of the four of us celebrating around my little table.
Didnt you make a totally from scratch apple pie, too? she asked.
Maybe.  Sounds about right.  So I can cook special occasion food.  But you do things like bring amazing lasagna over on a random Tuesday night.
How come I dont get random lasagna? Amy teased.
You guys could move to my building, Kate explained.
Dont tempt me.  Your lasagna is awesome.
Kate laughed, then lowered her voice, The lasagna is part of my plan. Turning the world into vegetarians, one pasta dish at a time.
We all laughed.
Seriously, I remember that lasagna from freshman year in college, I said.
Thats right.  Sometimes I would make it for the hall.  In fact, I think I found the recipe I still use today when I was in college.
From there we segued into stories from freshman year, including a few I knew that included Jack, for Amys benefit.
So, whatever became of the coffee shop plan? Amy asked after Kate finished relating the story about the espresso maker I got for Christmas and how she finally convinced me that I had to use it in the shared hall kitchen after our room smelled like burned milk for a week. She had mentioned that the gift was part of my plan to learn how to make fancy coffee drinks for my business.
I shrugged.  It was just a silly whim.
I dont know; you were pretty serious about it, Kate said.  A too-familiar echo of what Adam said that night in the airport.  The hair on the back of my neck stood up, and I suddenly felt like Id eaten too much.
I shrugged again as I started clearing the plates from the table and changed the subject. Theres dessert, I announced, bringing over a box of a half-dozen cupcakes from a fancy new place in town.  
It was in Daves neighborhood, and wed walked over the day they opened.  I didnt think it would bother me so much to go back, but Id felt instantly sad as soon as I walked in.  I had explored so much of this city with Dave.  Now that you have no reason to stay there ...
After dessert we watched a few episodes of Friends reruns, which was somewhat of a regular routine for Kate and me, except usually over take-out or something she had cooked.  The evening ended fairly early, with Amy feeling sleepy from a few days of later nights than had become the norm at this stage in her pregnancy and Kate wanting to call Ben and turn in for an early night herself.
I loaded the dishwasher and started hand-washing pots and baking dishes.  I had forgotten about the espresso machine and the crazy burned milk, and I tried to remember what happened to that plan. When exactly did I let go of the idea?  It certainly wasnt that I was discouraged after trying to make those lattes freshman year.  I think I had gone on to write my senior thesis, which was essentially a business plan, about the coffee shop, so I must have still been thinking about it then.  In truth, there wasnt one singular moment when my priorities shifted.  Instead there were many little things that converged to make me abandon my plan.  
I think it started with the idea that I shouldnt move home after college.  I should have an apartment.  Start my own, independent life, which, of course, required money.  Couple that with the job fairs that my friends went to and returned from with offers for jobs.  Jobs that would pay rent.  Everyone had a job or plans for graduate school  immediate things, not long-term dreams, and I wanted things to be settled, too.  I wanted to have an answer to what are your plans after college that was concrete.  Somewhere in all of that, the idea just got lost, I suppose.  Id go to those job fairs and get a good corporate job, the kind you go into business school so you can get.  I would be a responsible adult instead of a dreamy, starry-eyed college student.
My job had been easy to throw myself into.  Curriculum development and training, in a small but well-funded department.  Taking the lead on one of the biggest initiatives in the banks outreach program garnered a lot of attention and placed me solidly on the corporate ladder.  I thought about the list of accomplishments I had started.  It was long, and I wasnt nearly done.  At least I still had this.
*
Friday night was the culminating night of Kates Week of Fun.  Beers, food trucks, and a band at Hardywood.  The brewery was a popular after-work spot that always transitioned nicely into an evening of live music. The band tonight was one of Kates favorites, making it a no-brainer.  I had found out at lunch that several of my coworkers were headed over after work and decided to grab a ride with my co-worker Julie and just meet Kate and Amy there.  I had missed the last few work happy hours and could probably stand to make a bit more of an effort.  Fifteen minutes in, I was wishing I had just waited to ride with Amy.
Hey, stranger  long time, no see, my co-worker Jim greeted as Julie and I joined the group.
I know, I know.  Ive been a bit of a slacker, I confessed and steeled myself for the next question.
Dave with you tonight? Jim was a big fan of Dave, and even though he rarely attended these work happy hours, Jim always held out hope.
I momentarily thought about lying, but that clearly wasnt working for me of late.  So instead I cleared my throat and announced, Actually, Dave and I broke up.  So, Im afraid he wont be here tonight.
Jim looked a bit stricken and shook his head.  Thats too bad. A statement that Im certain referred to the fact that he wouldnt see Dave again, not to the end of my relationship.
Did you just say you and Dave broke up? another co-worker asked, face awash in horror.
I nodded.
You poor thing.  And after you moved here for him. She shook her head.  My heart beat a little faster.
Wow, thats some crazy news, another co-worker, Angela said, inserting herself into the conversation.  I hadnt even seen her, and I suddenly wished more than ever that I had just lied.  My department was pretty politics-free, except for Angela.  Julie had filled me in on the fact that Angela had applied for my job and been passed over.  This made me her favorite person to focus her penchant for the dramatic on.  A juicy piece of news like this could keep her entertained for days.
What a surprise, she said, her voice dripping with false sincerity.  I would have imagined that you all would be getting married soon.
I nodded and shrugged.  Best to speak as little as possible in her presence.
Thats why I would never move without a ring on my finger.  Because now what?  You uprooted your whole life, and now theres nothing here for you.
I wouldnt say theres nothing. I felt my pulse quicken and a blush begin at the base of my neck.
She just shook her head.  Still, though.
Have you guys tried this coffee stout? Julie asked, changing the subject.  I gave her a thankful look.
Its very good, Jim confirmed and looked a little wistful.  He and Dave had always talked beer; apparently Julie was a poor substitute.
Unfortunately, Angela maintained her laser-like focus on me.  She wasnt done yet.  So now those terrible reviews from your last training make sense, she said, staring off in the distance, as if she was drawing great insight from the beer posters on the wall.
How did she even know about that?  Those only went to my supervisor; she must have intercepted them on the copier when they were being scanned to him.  Who does that?
Im curious about how you know that? I asked.
Its not like reviews are secret, Carolyn.
Its not like theyre public either, Julie chimed in.
I guess it only matters if youve got something to hide, Angela said, and then turned to greet another co-worker who had just arrived.
I shook my head and took a sip of beer to avoid talking.  This had been a bad idea.
Hey, Dave, Jim called out, raising his arm in a wave.  And the bad got worse.  
Oh, hey, Jim, I heard his familiar voice say.  He had just come through the door with a group of co-workers, and I could tell by his tone that he was trying to wave and move on, but Jim wasnt having it.
Man, this coffee porter is great.  Really roast-y, just the right amount of coffee.  Not too much, you know.  Not like those coffee beers that are all coffee and no beer.  I mean, why not just drink coffee?
Ill have to give one a try; thanks for the tip, Dave said, then nodded at me.
Hey, I said.
Hey.
This was bound to happen.  It was a small city.
Oh, hey there. Suddenly Angela was back in the conversation.  How was she always able to keep an ear in every conversation?  Carolyn just told us the bad news.  Well miss seeing you around. Her voice was super syrupy and fake.
I could feel my face turning red with equal parts anger and embarrassment.
Jim was just asking if you would be joining us, I explained, just to be clear that I wasnt just randomly talking about our breakup with my co-workers.
Jim nodded.
Well, Im sure Ill see you around, buddy, Dave said to Jim, then nodded his head at me and rejoined his coworkers.
Angela gave me another drippy, pitiful look, and Jim looked like hed lost his best friend.
Need another beer? Julie asked, even though mine was half-full.
I wish, I mumbled and checked the time on my cell phone.  Kate and Amy should be here any minute now.  Not that that would do anything to remedy the Dave situation, but at least I could get away from Angela.
So, what was up with the closed-door meeting this afternoon? someone was asking.
Conference call with D.C. was all I heard, Julie offered.
Werent you just in D.C., Carolyn?
I nodded and sipped my beer.
Anything seem weird, any rumors about anything?
Not that Im aware of. Not that I would have noticed.  Id been a bit preoccupied by my messy personal life.  A good reminder I should try to be more focused on work.  I had sent an e-mail today requesting a meeting with my direct supervisor.  Now that you have no reason to stay there ...
I glanced over at Dave.  He was engrossed in a conversation, nodding occasionally and sipping his beer.  Looks like he had gone with Jims recommendation.  My eyes stung out of nowhere.  What had I done ...
Carolyn! Kate called.
I excused myself from my work group and greeted them with big hugs, as if I hadnt just seen both of them yesterday.
You have no idea how glad I am to see you!
Aw, I missed you, too, Kate said playfully.
Work happy hour hell, I explained, and rolled my eyes. 
Amy laughed.  Dont you always wish you could know exactly which co-workers would show up before you committed to going?
I nodded.  Beer? I asked Kate.
But of course.
And for you, I pulled a bottle of Perrier out of my cavernous purse for Amy.  Id stopped by the convenience store in my office building on the way out, Theres not much in the way of non-beer here.
So sweet, thank you!
Want a plastic beer cup so you dont feel too left out? Kate asked.
Why not? she answered as we made our way to the bar.
I heard Kate gasp a little and followed her gaze to Dave.  She looked at me and I nodded.
You okay?
I shrugged.  It was bound to happen.
We dont have to stay.
Of course we do.  You love this band.  Im sure hes just here for a happy-hour thing.
We got our beers and returned to the table Amy was holding for us.  
Youre okay to stay? she asked, nodding her head toward Dave.
I am.  Thanks, though.
To Kates Week of Fun, Amy said, raising her glass.
To amazing friends, Kate added.
The rest of the night was filled with laughter and small talk.  Kate filled us in on how Ben was settling in.  She talked about all the plans they already had for her first trip there.  To say she was excited about visiting Seattle was an understatement.  She also talked about her plans to visit her dad for the weekend. He lived about two hours north of Richmond.  Kates mother had passed away almost two years ago.  For the first year, she avoided visiting her dad at the house she grew up in, choosing to meet him for dinner halfway or inviting him to visit her.  Recently, she had been visiting her dad about once a month.  Ben had been with her the last couple of times.
So your dad and Ben really hit it off? Amy was asking.
Kate nodded.  I think Dads secretly upset that he wont be coming this time.  He asked for his address the other night, said he had some magazines to share with him and that our neighbor had baked him some cookies.
We laughed.
Hes quite the charmer, that one, Amy teased.
Please. Kate rolled her eyes, but blushed a little.  All Ive got to say is that he better not have charmed her out of my share of the cookies.
Speaking of charming, I think Ive lost the ability to charm Jack into painting the nursery.
Again? Kate asked.
I raised an eyebrow, not having heard this story.  Hes painted it twice, Kate filled me in.
I can see how a third time might be a hard sell, I said, though I knew Jack well enough to know that eventually he would cave.
So Mint Cream wasnt a winner? Kate asked.
Amy shook her head.  Its more like Green Highlighter, she continued to explain her dilemma, and I excused myself to get another beer for Kate and me.  The line had gotten long, and as I waited, my eyes wandered the room until they found Dave.  His work group was still here and appeared to have grown.  I saw a number of familiar faces.  I had attended Daves work happy hours as often as my own, some even before I moved here.  Tonight he was talking with Michael, Peter, and a woman I didnt recognize.  She laughed a little harder when he spoke, touching his shoulder and throwing her head back ever so slightly.  Her long, dark blond hair glistened.  His back was to me, but Im pretty sure that he looked over at her and smiled.
Im sure news of our breakup had already spread around the office, and Im certain that there were plenty of interested ladies.  He was an amazing man.  I sighed and swallowed back the lump in my throat.  Another woman joined the group Dave was talking to.
Looks like the news that hes single has made it around the office.  Look at them circling like sharks, Angela said from over my shoulder.  I jumped.  Where had she come from, and why was she still here anyway?
What can I get you? the bartender asked, giving me an excuse to totally ignore Angela.
Two Singels.
I left a ten on the bar and made my way back to Kate and Amy.  Angela ordered a beer and headed off in Daves direction.
I distracted myself with a quick check of my phone and noticed the reply from my supervisor:  Ill be in Richmond next week. Monday at 9:30am works for me.  Perfect.  The sooner, the better.  I started mentally packing up my apartment.

Chapter 8
Despite being exhausted Friday night, I slept restlessly and woke up early Saturday morning.  I decided to put the time to good use by packing up Daves things.  There wasnt much.  It all fit into one of those paper grocery bags with handles.  Some gym shorts and a T-shirt, a Patagonia jacket, some cufflinks he hadnt needed since the last formal event we attended (probably Amy and Jacks wedding), a few coffee mugs, and several of those insulated cold cups.  Dave had this habit of leaving his house with a drink in hand.  Early in our relationship Id given him a really nice thermal mug with a top. About a month later, he was still using it, but without the top.  Amazingly, he never showed up covered in coffee.  I used to tease that he must keep a secret stash of shirts everywhere.
I put the bag near my purse so I wouldnt forget it.  This just left the ring.  It was sitting on top of my dresser in the little shallow white bowl with a bird painted on it where I kept all the jewelry I wore on a regular basis.  The box was in the narrow top dresser drawer next to the bag I used for jewelry when traveling.  I opened the box and put the ring in.  I closed my eyes and saw Dave ask me to marry him, felt his lips on mine.  I could hear the glasses clinking as we celebrated with friends, feel the warmth of the cabin and the burn in my fingers as they thawed.  It all felt so very far away.  I slid the ring into my purse; putting it in the bag with the other things just didnt seem right.  Then I took a very hot shower and tried to remind myself why I wasnt just dropping these things off at Daves apartment.  What  additional closure could I possibly need other than last nights evidence that he was moving on and I was moving out?

We both arrived at the restaurant five minutes early.  He was walking down the street one way as I was approaching from the other.  We both had paper grocery bags.  I felt heavy.  He looked like himself, except he wasnt particularly smiling.  Not really frowning either; apparently he was a master of the neutral face, something I could have lived without ever knowing.   
He held the door for me.
Hey, I greeted.
Hey, he returned.  Basically the same conversation we had last night.
The restaurant wasnt crowded yet, and we were seated right away.  I ordered soup and the salad bar, and he ordered a hamburger.  And then we sat there.  I suppose I should have had a plan for this.  I had this gut feeling I wanted to return his things in person, but why?  What was it I wanted to say?
So you wanted to meet today? he asked, not unkindly.
I nodded.  I was just sitting here thinking I should have thought of what exactly it was I wanted to say.
He smiled a little and nodded.
I took a deep breath and reached into my purse for the ring.  It just didnt feel right to just drop this off, I said, handing it to him, my hand shaking just a bit.
Our fingers brushed lightly as he took the box from me.  I wanted to grab his hand and hold on.  I wanted us just to be having a Saturday lunch here, like so many times before.  
Thank you, he said politely, as he unfolded his jacket in the seat next to him and slid the box into the inner pocket.
His burger came, and I excused myself to make a salad from the famous bathtub salad bar.  I also poured myself a cup of steamy potato soup  my favorite of theirs, and appropriately comforting today.
Ah, the potato soup.  Perfect day for it, Dave commented when I returned to the table.  I wasnt sure if he was referencing the gray weather or our lunch.
I nodded.  Its my favorite.
I know.
And there it was.  He knew.  He knew my favorite soup.  He knew I bit the corner of my lip when I was nervous.  He knew I always prefer red wine to white, even in the summer.  He knew when Id had too much to drink.  He knew I worked too many hours.  He knew I was competitive at everything, even though I was trying to reform.  He knew I worried about my little sister who had just started college.  He knew I wasnt always crazy about my brothers wife.  He knew that I wanted to have kids, but not until I was 30 or 31.  He knew I still planned to work after I had them.  He knew I like the names Johanna and Terrance.  He knew.
I tried to swallow the lump in my throat with a hearty spoonful of perfectly thick, creamy and salty soup, but it was still there.
Dave ate his hamburger quietly.  His long fingers wrapped around it, and his eyes were down at his plate, almost as if they were closed.  His long, dark lashes hovered above his light skin.  Hed gotten a haircut recently.  I wanted to run my fingers up the little short hairs on the back of his neck like I always did.  I could feel them, soft between my fingers.
I took a bite of my salad.  The vinegar in the dressing made my mouth burn.  I wanted to say something, but where were the words?  What were they, even?
Im sorry, I finally said softly, and mostly to my soup.  He looked up from his burger, and I looked in his eyes and said it again, Im sorry.
There was a questioning look on his face.
Im not asking for you to forgive me or for another chance or anything.  I think, I think I just needed to see you in person to say that I am sorry for what I did and how it made you feel.  And I am sorry that it ended us. My eyes filled despite my desperate blinking and my attempt to simply will them to stop.  What we had was perfect, and I hate that I broke it.
He was quiet in response, his eyes somber.  Darker than usual.  Finally, he spoke in a quiet and level voice.  I just think it couldnt have been that perfect, because if it was, why would you have ... he search for the word, having no understanding of what had happened between Adam and me.
We just kissed.  Thats it, just twice, and the second time I was trying to get rid of him.  I had no idea he was going to kiss me ... I regretted the words as soon as they were out.  I had promised myself not to go down this path.  The nonexistent concept that cheating by kissing isnt really cheating.
Daves eyes narrowed, and when he spoke, there was ice in his voice. That is definitely not what I agreed to meet with you to talk about.  I dont want the play-by-play of whatever happened with that guy.
Its just that ... Stop, something in my head screamed.
Its just that you cheated, he said sternly, yet quietly, so as not to attract attention.
I shoved a huge spoonful of soup in my mouth to avoid responding.  Then I took a deep breath.
And the only thing I think I really want from you now, the only thing you could try to explain, is why?  Because if it was something I did, then Id like to not do it again next time.
Next time.  Not with me.  I thought about the woman at the brewery.  I shook my head.  It was nothing you did  nothing at all.
He rolled his eyes.  So what was it, then?
I shrugged and felt a tear drip down my face.  I thought about my conversation with Amy.  Maybe I was feeling a little scared of commitment? I tried feebly.
He shook his head.  Wed been talking about marriage for at least a year.  You even picked out your ring.  You knew this was coming.
I dont know, okay? There was more bite to my voice then I meant.
Clearly, he spat back. Then he leaned back against the booth, closed his eyes, and took a deep breath.  He opened his eyes and took a long sip of water.  I dont think this was a good idea.  I dont want to fight about this.  There isnt anything to argue about.  Whats done is done, and we need to both work on moving forward, not reliving the past.
He gave me cash to cover his part of the tab, we exchanged bags, and he was gone.  I have no idea how long I just stared at the other side of the table.  Eventually, my phone vibrated from my purse, which was resting on my leg.
It was Amy.  Where are you? she said as soon as I picked up.
Still at the restaurant. My plans for the day had come up in conversation at some point during the week.
She clarified the restaurant, then said, Okay, meet me out front in ten minutes.  Im headed to Carytown for a manicure, and youre coming with.
Okay.
I hung up the phone, paid, and stood outside on the sidewalk as instructed.  Now if someone could just give me similarly explicit directions for how to get my life back on track, that would be great.
*
Monday morning, I studied my manicure as I waited in the conference room for my meeting to start.  One of our admins had just come in to say that my boss had called to say he was running late and would be here within ten minutes.  Id been over my list at my desk just before I came in but replayed it now in my head.  I had been with the company nearly five years.  I had single-handedly developed a popular training curriculum.  I had trained nearly 700 trainers across the nation.  My curriculum was used at nearly 250 universities, and the bank got a great deal of good publicity for this.  I deserved a raise, and also, while they were at it, a transfer back to D.C.  which would ultimately save the company money.
I had even practiced my points with Jack and Amy last night.  She had insisted that I come home with her for dinner after our afternoon of manicures, ice cream, and consignment shopping.  It had been a nice distraction.  Jack had made steaks on the grill, and I made Amy sit while I put together the Caesar salad.  Then, desperate to talk about something other than my very sad lunch with Dave (which Amy had been a saint to listen to all afternoon), I decided to ask for their advice about my pitch to my boss  something that in the past I would have asked Dave about.  It was Jacks idea to have specific numbers, and Amy encouraged me to ask for just a little more than I wanted, to give some bargaining room.  
Dressed in my favorite dark gray pencil skirt and green V-neck sweater, with my nicely manicured nails (which I should really treat myself to more often), I felt as ready as I ever would be for this meeting.
Carolyn, thanks for waiting.  Sorry, Im running late.  My train got off to a late start out of DC.
No problem, I said, turning around to greet him.  John was probably in his fifties, tall with salt and pepper hair. Typically the portrait of cool, calm, and collected, he looked a bit harried today, his face flushed as if he had truly been running.
I was glad to get your e-mail, he explained as he took his seat across the table from me.  I was actually going to let you know that I needed to meet with you while Im in town.  So ... um ... good timing, I guess. He winced a little and fidgeted with papers he had just taken out of his bag.
I nodded, unsure what to do with this information.
So, what did you want to talk about? he asked, sitting back in his chair.  Finally, something more normal.
Well, I have two things I would like to discuss.  The first being my performance here over the last nearly five years ...
John bolted forward in his chair.  Actually, I should probably go first.
Okay, I nodded.  I had never seen him like this. Occasionally, he had a couple of extra cups of coffee and got a little animated and hyper, but not like this.  Granted, I no longer saw him on a daily basis, since he was based in D.C., but if he had been acting like this regularly, I surely would have heard from a co-worker.  Is everything okay? I asked.
Yes, fine.  Well, no, not really ... He moved the papers around again.
I nodded.
So you may have heard that the budget meetings were held on Friday?
Closed-door meetings.  I remembered from happy hour.
Yes, I said.
Well, there was some big news. He took a deep breath.  It hasnt been a good year.
I nodded.  My pulse quickened.
So what that means for our department ...
 He paused and my mind raced ahead.  Were just going to need to cut costs, so this is good; Im going to talk about cutting travel costs.  No way will he say no.  Perfect.
What I means is ... His face was turning red, and I swear his hands started to shake.
It means that our department has been cut, he said quietly, then hung his head.
So, that actually fits in really well with what I wanted to talk about.  I would like to request a transfer back to the D.C. office. I decided to abandon the raise given this announcement; a roommate wasnt the worst thing.  This will save a lot of money on my travel.
He shook his head.
I did the math.  Really, were spending over $5,000 a year on my train tickets to D.C. ...
Not our funding, Carolyn.
What? Now my neck went cold.
Its not that our funding has been cut.  Our entire department has been eliminated.  There is no more Outreach and Education.
Oh .  But, I had nothing else.  Im pretty sure that I just sat there with my mouth hanging open.
He was talking; I saw his mouth moving.  A few key words made it through.  End of the week.  Clean out cubicle.  Severance package.  Superstar.  No trouble finding something else.  References.  I was vaguely aware that I should feel something  sadness, maybe.  Anger, probably.  And yet I didnt.  I felt nothing.
When I eventually left the conference room, I felt detached from myself as I walked down the hall.  I was aware of normal office sounds  copiers, phones, chatter across cubes  but it was little more than a tunneled din, not unlike the one you hear before you faint.  Which, to be honest, sounded luxurious in comparison to this.
Everything all right, Carolyn?  You look like youve seen a ghost. It was Angela.  Her super-saccharine lilt was just enough to cut through the fog momentarily. 
I just kept walking.  No need for pleasantries at this point.
Carolyn, she called after me.
I kept walking forward.
Honey, whats wrong? she called.  If she hadnt pulled out the condescending honey, I might have just kept right on ignoring her.  But as soon as she said it, I pictured her walking toward Dave on Friday night.  I imagined her honey-ing him.  I turned around, looked her directly in the eye and slowly raised one middle finger, held it a split second (allowing it to sink in), and then turned around and continued walking.  There may have been some quiet cheering.  And I definitely received some praise as I navigated back to my cube  well played, about time, and the like.
I flopped down in my desk chair and put my head in my hands.  Angela had one thing right.  I had seen a ghost.  The ghost of my life as I knew it.

Chapter 9
I must have slipped into some sort of instinctive survival mode for the next week.  My job ended February 2nd,  a week after John delivered the news.  I cleaned out my cubicle.  I sent e-mails canceling ... everything.  I met with HR about that generous severance package (six months full salary and benefits, another six of half salary and no benefits).  I had no frame of reference for the actual generosity of this, but Google seemed to confirm that it was more than fair.  As did Jack, who worked in finance and had been a huge help through all this, after I had finally broken down and called him when my eyes went blurry trying to figure out what to do with my 401k.  I had wanted to call Dave.
There was so much to do.  And then there was nothing.  Monday morning, I had woken up habitually, and now I was watching the twelfth hour of the Today Show and seriously pondering pouring some vodka in my orange juice.  Why not  Hoda and Kathie Lee were drinking?  Except it was their job.  They had jobs.  I glanced at my laptop.  A budget would be a good idea.  Looking at the total amount of money I would have over the next year.  Cut back now, so that I could still be comfortable when my monthly income decreased.  Of course, hopefully Id have a job before that happened.  Right  a job.  I should look for a job.  That would be another good thing to do now.  Except that there was tomorrow.  And the next day. And the next.  Ad infinitum.  Ad nausea.
The thick folder with my severance package and all the other transition information lay splayed open on the coffee table in front of me (clean my apartment, that would be another good thing to do).  There was a pamphlet about counseling services.  In that whirlwind week wed been issued a warning from the head of HR, via conference call,  that we were going to be entering a time where we would be at high risk for depression and self-harm.  Somehow I felt like my self-harm started well before I even had the slightest clue I would lose my job.  I looked at the date listed at the bottom of the TV screen:  February 5.  I counted the days between New Years Eve and my flight home:  January 5.  Exactly one month since I kissed Adam.  Exactly one month since the unraveling began.  It had taken me exactly one month to derail my life.  One fucking month. 
I sighed and flipped the channel, not wanting to watch one more champagne glass raised in toast. 
*
Wednesday night, Kate knocked on my door with a pan of lasagna just out of the oven.  Id been avoiding her.  Or not so much her, specifically, as generally everyone, but she knew this was an offer I wouldnt refuse.
You didnt have to do this, I said, but I was already getting out plates.
I had to eat, she replied simply and shrugged.
When did I become the person people took care of?  I looked around my apartment.  It was a mess.  Paperwork about the severance and counseling and retirement still on the coffee table.  Box of things from my office next to the built-in bookshelves, half unpacked.  Throw blanket from the couch crumpled in the chair where I had left it.  Three days of dishes in the sink (mostly cereal bowls).  Half of this mornings coffee still in the pot.
Its a mess in here, I commented.
Kate nodded and shrugged.  I mean, not compared to mine or anyone else's, but by your standards.
My standards.  Did I even have them anymore?
We moved to the table and ate in silence.
So, can you keep an eye on Spike the next few days? she asked out of the blue.
Spike was her fish, or more correctly Bens fish, but he hadnt wanted to move him all the way to Seattle.  Spike was a beta or fighting fish, hence the name, and I had no idea why he would need watching.  Did he get lonely during the day?
I must have looked confused because she explained, Im headed to Seattle tomorrow for a long weekend; Ill be back late Monday.
Oh, right. I tried to sound excited, pretty sure I fell way short. That seemed so far away in January.
She nodded and grinned from ear to ear.
Do you need a ride to the airport?
Amys taking me.
I felt a pang of guilt for not being a better friend.  It would be so much easier for me.
Its an early flight and she said she cant sleep past 5 a.m. these days, anyway ...
If anything changes, just let me know.
She nodded.
We finished eating, and she brought Spike over.  Thought I would leave you this, too, just for the next few days. She placed a pass to the YMCA on the kitchen counter next to the fish.  I know you like the spinning class.
Since she was on staff, she got a free membership pass.  It also meant I had run into her when I was there canceling my membership last week.  It didnt seem prudent to keep paying the membership fee when I could just go for a walk or jog and put those ten-pound weights collecting dust in my closet to use as something other than a doorstop.  I did miss spinning, though.
Thank you.
Sure thing.
I gave her a big hug, and then she was gone.  I put the half a lasagna she left in the refrigerator and then just stood there watching Spike swim in his bowl while I swallowed hard against the tears that inevitably poured hot and fast down my face.

Thursday morning I woke up early, as usual, except instead of simply relocating to the couch and turning on the TV, I decided to go to spinning class.  For an hour it was just me, the loud music, the bike, and the sweat.  Im not sure I had ever worked so hard in the class before, and when it was over, I was sore immediately.  It felt good to feel something other than numb. When I got home, I took a long hot shower, washed all the dishes in my sink, put a few things from the office box on my shelves, and moved the rest of it to the back corner of my closet.  I fed Spike and packed the severance folder away in the hanging file box with other important documents.  I could do without the daily reminder.  I looked around the apartment.  I took a deep breath and tried to lower my shoulders from my ears.  I had wallowed enough.  It was time for a plan.  It was also almost noon, and I was starving, thanks to spinning.  I grabbed my purse and set out on a longish walk to one of my favorite lunch spots.  It was probably about a mile away, but I would have had to pay for parking, making lunch more of a $15 event than a $10 one.   
I bundled up in my gray pea coat and a bright turquoise scarf.  It was freezing out, and the clouds looked like snow.   In D.C., if it snowed enough, there was always a massive snowball fight on the National Mall.  I shivered a little against the memory.  I wasnt moving back, or at least not so easily.  Sure, I could focus my job search there, but I was here for the time being. I pulled my scarf tighter around me and walked faster.

I was nearly halfway through my fancy grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup when they walked in.  Dave stood just behind her in line, and they both stared up at the menu board.  She turned to say something to him and their shoulders brushed; neither of them moved.  I recognized her immediately from the happy hour.
I briefly wondered if there was a back door I could sneak out, but the sandwich was so good.  Sharp cheddar on amazing sourdough bread.  Maybe it was possible just to slink down in my chair and stay out of sight.  The place was packed; he wouldnt notice me in the sea of people.  Except that he would.
Scanning the room for a table, his eyes fell on mine and locked in.  They were unreadable.  Nervous, angry, absolutely feeling-less  could have been any one of the three.  Im pretty sure that I nodded my head and gave a little wave.  He returned a brief wave, and she followed his gaze to me and then turned to him, presumably to determine the relationship.  He pointed at a table on the other side of the restaurant and appeared to answer her question as they walked away.  She glanced back at me.  Pretty.  Long, dark blond hair with soft waves.  Mid-twenties like me, if I had to guess.  Tall.  She was dressed stylishly  dark skinny jeans and a fitted blazer buttoned over a cream-colored flowing silk shirt.  Professional in a relaxed, creative way, but too casual for Daves company.  Where did they meet?  Had I witnessed their first encounter at happy hour that Friday?  Were they set up by one of Daves co-workers, or was it totally random?  
I took another bite of my sandwich and tried to stop thinking about it.  At least it wasnt obnoxious Angela from work.  I needed to focus on something else.  I needed a plan for moving forward.  I took the little moleskin notebook I always carried out of my purse,  opened it to the next blank page, and wrote To Do at the top.  I sat the pen down and spooned up some soup while I was thinking.
I know it was you, the words were spoken loudly and right over my head.  Soup sloshed out of my spoon, and in the split second while my head was still down I believed the girl Dave came in with was confronting me.  Except her  voice was way different than I would have imagined, and what did I do?  Break Daves heart.  He wouldnt say that.
You ruined my marriage. The woman said as I looked up.  This was not Daves pretty new friend  it was Liz.  Liz, Adams wife.  Liz from college.  Liz, I would never have recognized, except for the context clue about ruined marriage.  I hadnt known her that well in college, and it had been more than five years since I had seen her, but I still remembered her unique style.  Patchwork sundresses and slouchy jeans and scarves; her long, wavy hair often twisted into a bun with a pencil.  The few times I had classes with her, or our social circles collided, she had been friendly.  Warm.
Today she was all hard angles and ice.  Hair straightened and pulled back into a low ponytail.  Pencil skirt, sky-high heels, and buttoned-up blouse.  Her eyes were tiny, narrowed little slits, but I could still see the fire in them.  My neck went cold.
I was starting to be able to deal with this when I thought it was a stranger.  Someone who had no idea he was married, just thought he was a great guy to flirt with.
I swallowed, or tried to.  There was suddenly no air in the room.
And I thought, maybe he was weak, unable to resist this temptress.
I winced, a reflex reaction to the poor-man-seduced-by-wicked-woman logic.
She continued, But then I found out it was you.  Someone he knew.  Someone we knew.  Someone who knew he was married.
I opened my mouth to explain that I had actually forgotten this small piece of information, but said nothing.  It didnt matter.
How could you? Her voice was rising and people were starting to watch.
Um, I, well, I started, but there werent words to finish.
Right, you cant explain.  Because there is no explanation.
She was nearly screaming now.
You stole my husband away from me...
I did something I am not proud of, I paused, swallowed, and willed my voice to stay level and calm.
Thats the understatement of the year:  not proud of, not proud of.  My life is ruined and you arent proud of yourself for tearing it apart.  How about a fucking woman of the year medal for you?
My face flushed.
"Maam ... An employee tried to get Lizs attention.  Maam. Nothing.  Maam, Im going to need you to lower your voice, he finished.  She cut her eyes toward him and then focused her laser stare back on me.
I am sorry for the role I played in your marriage ending ... My voice was anything but calm and steady.
The role you played.  Oh, thats rich.  The role you played.  Just an actor on the stage of life.  Just one big ole game to you.
Thats not what Im saying, I heard my mouth say, as my head screamed, just walk away.  I stood up and started gathering my things, half listening to my intuition.
Oh, this should be good.  What exactly are you saying?
I just mean that I would give anything to make that night un-happen.  Erase it forever.  To not hurt you or my ex.  But you have to acknowledge that Adam played a role in this, too.  I didnt coerce him into anything.
She moved in closer to me.  The hell you didnt, she spit back.  Simultaneously, it became clear to me that Liz had been drinking and that she was going to hit me.
I ducked when her fist was inches from my face, and she lost her balance and fell forward, barely catching herself with one hand on my table.  She stumbled, standing up, knocking into another table.
The bustling restaurant was completely silent, and without even looking, I knew all eyes were on us.
Maam, were going to have to ask you to leave, the employee seized his chance while Liz was off balance.  He moved in closer and placed himself between the two of us.
Shes the one who should go, she said.  Her voice was still loud but, shocked by her fall, some of the fight was gone.
Shes a paying customer, he said simply.
Shes going to pay, all right, Liz said, wiping her hands on the top of her legs and pushing a stray hair out of her face.
Okay, Im going to ask you one more time to leave, and then Im afraid I will need to call the police. The employees voice was calm and firm.  I would hate to have to do that. He cleared his throat and raised an eyebrow, clearly referencing her less than sober state.  I am happy to call a cab, as well, he added, just to be clear.
She looked at me, then back at him.  That wont be necessary.  Im just up the street at the Omni.
She moved her eyes back to meet mine, narrowed them, and nearly whispered the words, Its all, all your fault.  I hope you never forget that. Im pretty sure she added bitch, under her breath, as she turned and walked out the door.
I stared after her for what felt like a long, long time.  Noise slowly started to return to the restaurant.
Im so sorry for this, I said to the employee who was still standing there.
Well, it made for an eventful day, for sure.  Not every day that punches are thrown over lunch, he laughed good-naturedly.
I thanked him again, and walked slowly to the door, shaky on my legs.  Outside,  I looked up the street to the Omni.  What if she was waiting outside?  I thought about alternate routes and then ultimately decided just to call a cab myself.
Hey. It was Dave.
Hey, I answered.  Right, he was here for the whole thing.  Happy lunch date to him.  I called a cab, I said, offering an explanation for standing around outside the building.
He nodded.  I noticed that he was alone.
You okay? he asked, not unkindly.
I shrugged.  She missed me.
He nodded.
So he, that guy, was married?
I nodded.  The question stung more than anything Liz had said.  Maybe not so much the question itself as the implication that any shred of respect Dave had for me was gone.
You knew?
I forgot.  I didnt keep up with either of them after college.  Id heard but didnt remember until ... after ...
He didnt mention it?
I shook my head.  The cab pulled up.
All right, well, um ... glad youre not hurt, he said, seemingly relieved to have an easy out.
Thanks for checking on me.
He nodded and with a little wave he was gone.
Being hit would have hurt less.

Chapter 10
The built-in bookshelves in my apartment were full of memories of Dave and me.  The shelves had been one of reasons I chose this particular apartment.  They ran floor to ceiling and required a ladder to reach the highest ones. The other unique thing about my apartment building was that we had a superintendent  something that has mostly been replaced by large management companies that contract out on-call repair services, but not here.  Here we call the real estate company that rents the apartments, and they dispatch Gerald.  
Hes a lovely older gentleman who has stories for hours and, while not the most speedy at it, can fix nearly anything.  I called him once about my garbage disposal and as such had learned all about his granddaughter who just moved to New York and the trip he and his (now deceased) wife had taken there on their honeymoon years ago.  Gerald loved the theater, particularly Guys and Dolls.  I also learned from Kate that Gerald was happy to loan out ladders, plungers, or other tools.  The method for acquiring these was to leave a sticky note on the door to his apartment.  I had done this Thursday evening and opened the door Saturday morning to find the ladder resting on the wall just outside my door.
I had taken the lower pictures down as soon as I had gotten back from lunch Thursday.  Then I had written it down on the to-do list I started and scratched it off, before making the rest of the list.  The pictures I had taken down were all stacked on a lower shelf until I could get the ladder.  I climbed up quickly and removed the pictures, then stood back to survey my work.  The shelves had been nicely balanced with books and photos.  They were full of holes now.  I laid out all the frames I had taken down.  Perhaps I was being a little too hardcore.  True, Dave was in a lot of the pictures, but other people were in some of them, as well.  Like the one of Kate, Ben, Dave, and I at Jack and Amys wedding, which made me simultaneously happy and sad.  I glanced over at Spike swimming languidly in his bowl and thought about Kate being in Seattle.  
There was another one with Dave and me and my brother and his wife at the beach last summer.  My brother lived in Chicago.  I would have to remember to get a photo with just the two of them next time we got together, but for now it could stay.  Maybe I could get a cheap plane ticket to Chicago for a visit, or I could just drive. It wasnt like I didnt have time.  I had nothing but time.  Id have to add this to my to-do list.
I continued to work my way through the ten or so pictures in much the same way, thinking about the people in them, the last time I saw them, what they were doing today.  In the end, I found five that I was okay leaving out.
This left five that were just Dave and me.  One at the beach, one in D.C. with the Washington Monument in the background, one from my brothers wedding, one after the Richmond marathon last year, and a really old one from the conference we met at more than three years ago.  A co-worker of mine had taken a bunch of pictures on the trip and e-mailed them to everyone in our office.  I had printed and framed one for both Dave and myself the first Valentines Day after we started dating.
We look really young in the picture.  It was taken on the last night of the conference, when a bunch of us had gone out for drinks.  When we got back to the hotel, Dave and I made our way to the bar and talked until it closed.  I had been at my job for about a year, maybe a year and a half.  It was one of the first corporate conferences I had been to and definitely one of the biggest.  
I hadnt been prepared for the giant party it became and never lost sight of the fact that I was at work.  I was drawn to Dave for his easy confidence, the way he was able to turn down drinks and be simultaneously fun and professional.  I think it was the self-preservationist in me that initially drew me to him, knowing that aligning myself with him would keep me out of trouble and from being seen as antisocial.  He had continued to be my touchstone about workplace etiquette over the years.  It felt weird not to share this latest news about the loss of my job with him, to not bounce ideas for what was next off him.  Would we, could we ever be friends?
I picked up the frames that werent going back on the shelf and carried them down to my storage unit in the basement of the building.  I didnt have much there, just Christmas decorations, a bike, a box of mementos from college, and a box of things that I hadnt put out as decoration in this apartment.  I opened that box to add the pictures but it was full. I did, however, manage to find a few things for the holes in my shelves:  a pretty pottery bowl Id gotten as a thank-you gift for some training in Tucson, some green glass votive candle holders (probably from IKEA), and a postcard book of Ansel Adams photographs I got on a business trip to California.  It was supposed to remind me to plan a trip back for fun.  They were the perfect size to put in some of the frames I was taking down.
I closed that box and opened the one labeled college stuff.  I would have to shift things around but would be able to make room for the frames.  The box was mostly old papers with a few photographs mixed in.  I pulled out one of Kate and me standing in our room on move-in day, the look on our faces a priceless mix of excitement and terror.  I couldnt wait to show her.  There was a Parktown College pennant and buttons from various clubs or events I attended.  There were a few notebooks from accounting and management classes.  I pulled them out to throw away.  Clearly if I hadnt needed them in the last five years it was unlikely I would need them again.  There was one textbook in the box, titled Entrepreneurship in the New Millennium.  I pulled it out for recycling, as well. It was damp in the basement; best to eliminate as much paper as possible.
Just behind the textbook was a thin spiral-bound report.  Immediately, the hairs on the back of my neck stood up.  The Painted Mug: A Coffee Shop for Creatives.  My business plan.  The one Adam and I talked about that night.  The thing that made him see me as driven and put together.  That attracted him to me.  What had he said  something about me knowing exactly what I wanted and going after it?  I shivered a little as I ran my fingers over the cover page.  It was cold in the unheated basement, but I also felt a bit like I had seen a ghost.
*
The next week I started checking things off on that to-do list I kept adding things to.  The most pressing order of business was changing my phone number due to excessive texts and voicemails from both Adam and Liz.  Adam was apologizing for telling Liz and explaining that he truly thought that she would never see me.  What a coincidence that she had walked into the same restaurant I happened to be eating lunch in when she was here on business.  What a coincidence indeed.  Liz was telling me in new and colorful ways what a bitch I was, every hour on the hour.  
I picked Kate up at the airport and offered to repaint the nursery for Amy and Jack, figuring I might as well put my free time to good use.  They accepted enthusiastically and insisted I stay for dinner both days that I was at their house painting.  Butter Cookie was a winner, and I was happy to have saved Jack from a third paint job. 
I had coordinated a trip to visit my brother and his wife in Chicago and cleaned my apartment top to bottom.  I decided, since it was cheaper to cook at home, now was the perfect time to try my hand at some non-special occasion cooking.  I looked up recipes online, went to the grocery store, and made dinner for myself the nights I wasnt with Jack and Amy.  I took some to Kate on Thursday.  I glanced at job boards most days.  
This was all good and well, a wonderful use of my time  helping friends, planning time with far-away family, taking care of myself, looking for work.  But by Friday morning, most of the items on my list that could be crossed off, were.  I was suddenly forced to be quiet with my thoughts.  In addition to all the other things I had done, I had also read my old business plan  three times.  That morning, I slid the plan in my purse and headed down the street to the neighborhood coffee shop.  I ordered a large latte, read the plan a fourth time and tried to wrap my head around how I got from there to here.
Sure, pieces of it were laughable knowing the things I knew now about business, but it was the spirit of it that struck me every time  the creativity, the clear and obvious passion.  Had I ever had that for my job at the bank?  I remembered being both excited and overwhelmed by the task of developing the training curriculum.  I remembered pouring myself into the research.  I remembered creating that first version of the training.  As a recent college graduate, I had incorporated things I knew would resonate with students:  music, video testimonials from students who had trouble with credit or were overwhelmed with student loan debt.  
I remembered presenting it to the executive board and having them tell me I had to totally redo the entire thing.  We wouldnt be able to get clearance on the music, and the interviews were too edgy (I think someone said pissed off or bullshit or something).  I remembered going into the bathroom and crying.  Then, later, venting to my roommates over happy hour. I hadnt thought about that first version of the training in years, about the fact that I had supposedly been hired for my creativity and enthusiasm but instead just needed to play by the rules.
The rules.  That was it, wasnt it?  I had played by the rules.  The whole thing started with my decision to find a job right after graduation because I had to live on my own immediately.  So I took the first thing I was offered at a job fair my senior year.  I found an apartment to move into the summer after I graduated.  When things went sour with that first presentation, I was forced to stay.  I had signed a lease.  Three years later, when I decided to move, I took the job with me because I couldnt move just for Dave, with no job.  It would have been wrong to depend on a man in that way and derail the career I had built.  Plus, I needed to live alone. I had decided that this was an experience that was essential for me to have before getting married.
Sitting here today, over a steaming hot cup of coffee with no job and no upcoming wedding, it was suddenly, painfully obvious that these rules I made for myself were the most insidious of all.  Would it really have been so terrible to have left my job when they hated that presentation I loved?  I could certainly have found someone to take over my portion of the lease and moved home with my parents to regroup, or I could have taken a couple of part-time jobs until I figured it out.  What if I had dropped out of the corporate world as soon as it showed its colors  the ones that clearly didnt match mine?  More recently, would it have been so terrible to move in with Dave?  What if my job hadnt transferred me?  Would I have let the relationship suffer to uphold some ridiculous platitude I set for myself?
I took a long sip of my latte.  Bitter and warm.  I leaned back in the chair and took a deep breath.  What if I got rid of the rules?  What would I do?  What were my options now if I removed all the parameters?  I took my journal out of my purse and began to brainstorm, letting my mind wander to any and every possibility, no matter how nonsensical they seemed.
When I was done writing I had filled more than ten of the tiny pages.  There was no clarity to any of it, just wild ramblings of my mind, but as I skimmed back over it, my eyes fell on a phrase I had written near the end:  Maybe I just need to do the opposite. 
I had been hunching over the table.  I sat back and finished my drink, long gone cold, and rolled my shoulders back and down.  I put my things in my purse and took my cup to the return bin, my mind still swirling with thoughts.  As I pulled open the door to leave, my eye fell on a sign posted on the outside of the door:  Now Hiring.
Without thinking much about it, I let go of the door and returned to the counter to inquire about the position.  I completed the application and turned it in before I left.  It wasnt a job that required my degree.  It was totally off my career trajectory.  While it may have had something to do with that old business plan, I wasnt even sure that was it.  When I saw the sign, my immediate reaction was, I should work here.  So, instead of doing what I always did and going home and thinking about it, applying some ridiculous parameters or constraints to it, I did exactly the opposite.
The next day I was called for an interview, after which I was offered the job. Monday morning I began training as the newest barista in my neighborhood.  I was equal parts excited and terrified.

Chapter 11
Two and a half weeks later, I was fully trained and completely in love with my job.  I loved the smell of coffee and toasting bagels.  I loved unwrapping the order of apple pastries and giant cinnamon rolls when the local bakery delivered them.  There was a blissful routine to chopping almonds to stir into the honey almond cream cheese.   I got excited about trying to make little leaves in the top of my lattes.  I was starting to get used to the regulars  their favorite drinks, preferences for milk, breakfast orders.  I didnt have it mastered by any means, but I was learning.  
In an interesting twist of fate, I discovered on my first day of work that one of my regular customers was going to be Dave. I was training on the register when he came in.
Hey, his familiar voice greeted.
I looked up and immediately felt my face flush.  Oh, hey.
He drove right past the coffee shop on his way to work every day, and we used to meet here  before work sometimes.  It never really occurred to me that he still stopped here.
What can I get you? I asked, trying to sound normal, just like I was waiting on anyone.  Not like it was the man I had been engaged to across the counter from me.  As if I couldnt guess that he would want a large medium roast coffee.
Large, medium roast, he ordered.
I smiled a little and nodded, then got him his coffee.
We stood there awkwardly for a few seconds until he said, How much do I owe you?
Oh, uh ... right ... I rang in his order. Thatll be $1.75.
He handed me $2.  As I got his change, he said, Sorry to hear about your job.  Ben mentioned it, last time we talked, he added the unnecessary explanation. 
Thanks.  Its giving me a chance to reevaluate some things so, you know, not all bad, I said, then added, There was a severance package.
He nodded and another customer came in behind him.  He glanced over his shoulder.  Have a good day, then.
You, too.
He started to turn away.  Nice to see you, he added before leaving.
You, too.

He didnt come in every day, more like about every other day.  The first couple of times, the interaction was basically the same.  Pleasant greeting, medium coffee, two dollars, change, pleasant goodbye.  Then one morning he changed his order.
Actually, I think Ill have a latte today.
Sure.  Preference on the milk?
Um ... He shuffled a little, then said sort of quietly, How do you usually order them?
I smiled.  Dave drank his coffee black.  Id given him a sip of my latte once; ever since, when he wanted one he would just ask me to order it.
Skim milk, tiny splash of vanilla, I said, smiling.
Thats it.
I started making his drink.  Busy day today? I asked.
He nodded.  Yeah, Im, ah ... actually, interviewing for a VP position today.
I glanced over at him. I had missed the fact that he was wearing a suit under his winter coat.  His office was shirt-and-tie dressy, but suits werent required every day.  He looked nice.  My heart gave a familiar skip as an image of my hands un-tucking his shirt and sliding up his firm chest appeared from nowhere.  I know I blushed.
I cleared my throat.  Good luck.  Not that you need it, I said, finishing off the latte.
Thank you.
I rang up his order, and just as he was about to leave, I picked up one of the wrapped oatmeal raisin cookies from the basket on the counter and handed it to him.
Just a little post-interview reward, my treat.
Dave always gave himself a reward after big-deal things   interviews, presentations, running goals.
Thank you, he said, again, but there was a genuineness in his voice I hadnt heard in a long time.  Also a softness in his eyes.
Youre welcome, I said not dropping his gaze.
I was still smiling long after he walked out the door and jumped when my co-worker Anna said, I think that guy has a thing for you.
I laughed.  She was relatively new here, as well, and wouldnt remember the two of us coming in together.
Seriously, you should see how he looks at you.
I laughed some more, and then came clean.  We used to date.
She pondered this new information.  Any chance youd date him again?
Im afraid the chances arent mine to give.
Seriously?  He broke it off?
I nodded.
Well, methinks hes having some doubts about that decision.
I laughed and shrugged.  Whatever, Shakespeare. Anna was a graduate student working on her M.A. in English.  Theres not a thing there, except maybe some old attraction.
He comes in here way more than he used to.  Im just saying ... And then she left to get some bagels out of the basement store room.

It had now been four days since Dave came in the morning of his interview, totally debunking Annas theory.  It was going on 9 a.m., so it seemed fair to count today as day five.  No more than a minute after I thought this, he walked through the door.  He was wearing jeans and a sweater and hadnt shaved.  My skin went tingly with attraction, the hairs on my arms standing up.  It had been a long time since Id seen this Dave.  Buttoned-up corporate Dave was gorgeous, but it was this lazy Saturday morning Dave I fell in love with.  Hi, I said in a far squeakier voice than I meant to.
Holy hot-buttered sex on a stick, Anna muttered under her breath.  I shot her a look and tried not to laugh.  
Hey, he greeted.
The usual?
How about a latte.
Sure.
Day off? I asked, trying to sound casual, because I couldnt quite place why he would be here on his day off.
He shook his head.  Working from home, actually.
I just nodded and tried not to let my mind wander down the path of thinking that maybe Anna was right about all this after all.
I, uh, actually got that VP job.
I stopped steaming milk and looked up at him.  Congratulations, thats amazing.  I mean, Im not surprised, but I know you worked really hard ...
Anna snickered at my blubbering run-on sentence, and I shot her another look.  She moved over to the food prep area and pretended to inventory bags of chips.
Thanks.  Yeah, Im really excited.  I just have a lot to do to wrap up my old position.  Wasnt getting anything done with all the interruptions at the office, so I convinced Ted to let me work from home a couple days.
Is Ted distraught? I asked.  Daves boss adored him.
He knew I was interviewing, so hes had a bit of time to prepare.
Im sure hes still distraught, I said, smiling.
Dave nodded.  I handed him his latte and our fingers touched.  The hairs on my arm stood up again and I felt a little dizzy.  He didnt move his hand right away.
So, umm ... he started as I was ringing up his drink.  He glanced over my shoulder at Anna, who cleared her throat and moved over to check our cream cheese supply.  
I nodded at Dave.
I actually tried to call you ...
Oh, right.  I ...um, I had to change my number. My heart was pounding. He tried to call me?  Please dont let him ask why I changed my number.  Please lets not talk about that.
He looked pensive for a moment and then continued, his voice still low.  I was wondering if youd like to have dinner Friday, he said softly.
My mouth widened into a huge smile.  I would really, really like that.
He smiled back at me.  Ill pick you up at 7:00?
That would be great.
I gave him my new number and he paid for his latte and was gone.
Told you so, Anna said.
I had never been so happy to be wrong.

*
Kate knocked on my door around 8 p.m. on Thursday.  I could tell immediately she had been crying.
She gasped a little when I opened the door.  Your hair looks amazing!  When did that happen?
Today, I said, laughing a little.  
I had decided to get long bangs  the kind Id always admired on others but thought might make me look really young, which would result in being taken less seriously at work.  Yet another weird rule that, once broken, was totally disproved.
Whats wrong? I asked as she came in.  I had just finished dinner and was still sipping on a glass of red wine. I poured one for her, too.
Spike died, she said taking the glass.  Her eyes filled.
I wasnt quite sure how to respond.  I had been worried it was something more serious.  I mean, clearly this was serious to her, but honestly, my first reaction was to laugh in relief.  I  tried my best at a sympathetic noise and then busied my mouth with a sip of wine.
Then she laughed just a little, despite her watery eyes.  I know hes just a fish.  A pretty old one even, by fish standards.
I laughed a little too, now, vaguely remembering a story Ben told about forgetting to feed the fish for nearly a week when he was in architecture school and expecting to come home from the studio and find him floating, but he was just swimming happily.  He had commented that Spike was immortal.  In fact maybe that was the true origin of his name, as in Spike from Buffy the Vampire Slayer. 
Why was his fish named Spike, again? I asked.
Now Kate laughed openly.  After the character in Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Thats right; I always wanted to think it was because he was a fighting fish.
Ben let me think that for a long time.  Then, remember, the real story came out at one of our happy hours.
Thats right; he and Dave used to watch Buffy when they were in college.
We were both laughing now.  
They tried to say it was just because they thought Sarah Michelle Gellar was hot, but then they knew all these intricate things about the plot.
When we finished laughing, Kates eyes filled with tears again.  Im having a tough week.  I really miss him.
I nodded, and she continued.
And we had a little fight earlier this week.  It was nothing, just something stupid about him getting held up at work and not calling when he said he would.  So ridiculous.  I was just disappointed, not actually upset about him being at work. She shook her head.
I sipped my wine and nodded again. Im sure he understood.
She nodded and shrugged, Ive been really busy, too.  Weve got this wellness summit were coordinating at work, and I got behind with my column and had to ask for an extension for the first time.  And then tonight I came home and found Spike floating on the top of his bowl and I just lost it.
Sure, I said quietly.
Were doing fine, you know.  We really are.  Its just, sometimes I just want him to be here.  I just want to feel his arms around me, you know?
I thought about how amazing just the tiny touch Dave and I had shared was when I handed him his coffee the other day and nodded.  There was a time in my life I wouldnt have admitted this, would have thought it insecure to admit that sometimes I just wanted to be held.  But it wasnt insecure at all.  The distance between need and want was vast.  It was more than okay to want and to grieve for what we want and cannot have.
We sat quietly for a few minutes, then Kate asked, Do people really just flush fish down the toilet, or is that just on TV?
We both laughed.  Ive never laid a fish to rest, I said.  Maybe you should ask Ben what his final wishes for the remains of his pet are.
Maybe Ill have him cremated and put him in a tiny little urn.
A fish-size urn?!
Do you think I could find a Buffy the Vampire Slayer one?
Now we were both laughing so hard we were crying.
When we both calmed down, she asked about work, specifically my progress with the latte leaves.  I gave a funny recounting of one that ended up looking vaguely like the silhouette of a hand giving the middle finger.
Might not be a bad one to keep in your repertoire for special customers, she said.  Seen your favorite regular recently?
I saw him today, actually. I was unable to keep a huge smile from spreading across my face.
Are you blushing?
I shook my head, but I was.
Whats going on?  What happened today?
He asked me out.  Were having dinner tomorrow.
Seriously?! Now her smile was as big as mine.
I nodded.  Im trying not to read too much into it, I said unconvincingly.
Whatever, she rolled her eyes.  I have no doubt you are reading his invitation totally correctly.
There was a great deal of certainty in her statement.  I raised my eyebrows.  What do you know?
I know he misses you.
I raised my eyebrows again.
Which is clearly common knowledge, since he stops to get a cup of coffee from you nearly every morning.
She knew more, which meant Dave had been talking to Ben, but I didnt push.  I knew enough to know that it was fine to be unabashedly excited about tomorrows date.

Chapter 12
Friday night, 6:50 p.m., I was a ball of nerves.  Dave.  This was just Dave.  Dave who I dated for three years.  Dave who had seen me naked.  A lot.  What was up with the first-date jitters?
I heard Kate in the hall and popped out my door to distract myself for a few minutes.
Hey, sexy lady, Amy, who was with Kate, greeted.  Those bangs are fabulous!
Thanks.
And where are you headed tonight? she asked, taking in my black dress and heels.
Shes got a hot date, Kate filled in, standing in the doorway.
What are you guys up to? I asked.
Nope, no changing the subject, Amy said, narrowing her eyes inquisitively. Do tell about this hot date.  How did you meet him?  Where are you going?  Should we bother to wait up for you?
Um ...Im actually going out with Dave, I said, and a new round of butterflies took wing as I said his name.  So much for distracting myself.
Amy paused for a minute, taking it all in.
He asked her out a couple days ago, Kate offered, no doubt filling in some of her questions.
Thats awesome.  Wow.
I nodded.
Jacks out of town and Amys staying over tonight, so you have to come give us all the details when you get back.
That assumes shes coming home tonight, Amy teased.
I felt my cheeks flush.  And then Dave rounded the corner to our hall and the blush deepened.  I had assumed he would just call from the call box at the door, as if this were really a first date.  As if he hadnt entered the code to let himself in hundreds of times in the last few months.  Not really a first date, I reminded myself.
Hey, he greeted, looking directly at me, then, Ladies, nodding toward Kate and Amy.  He was wearing dark jeans, a button-down shirt, and a blazer.  He still hadnt shaved.  I was suddenly glad Kate and Amy were there to protect me from myself, because for a split second when I saw him, I just wanted to pull him into my apartment and unbutton that shirt.  I took a deep breath.
I just need to grab my purse, I said, gesturing into my apartment.
He nodded and asked Kate about Ben, thankfully not following me into my apartment.  I grabbed my purse and took a deep breath.  Dave.  This is just Dave, I tried to tell myself.  Except that was exactly why I was nervous.  It was Dave.  Dave who I loved, not because he was part of some grand plan or because he fit some set of rules, but simply for who he was.
Yeah, so we had a Skype funeral, er, you know, flushing, Kate was explaining, and Amy and Dave were laughing.
Ready? Dave asked.
I nodded.
Enjoy your evening, he said to Kate and Amy.
I waved a little.  They both winked and gave the thumbs up.  I smiled.
Um, has he always been that hot?  Or is that just my weird pregnancy hormones? I heard Amy ask Kate as they moved back into her apartment.
I smiled a little and looked up at Dave, who had clearly heard the same thing and was blushing ever so slightly.  Something I would never have noticed on our actual first date.
Where are we going? I asked once we were in the car.
I was thinking about Heritage.  Have you been? It was a one of the newer restaurants in his part of town.
Sound great.  I havent been.
Neither have I.  Well try that then.
We were quiet; the radio was on softly.  Classical.  Dave usually listened to NPR, and he never turned off the radio when he turned off the car, so it was always on.  I smiled at the familiarity of it.
You look nice, he said softly.  I thought it earlier, but got distracted by all the action in the hallway there.
I laughed a little.  Im sure you werent expecting all that.
He shook his head. At least now I know hormonal pregnant women find me attractive.
I laughed.  They arent the only ones.  And how many people really ever get confirmation of that?
He laughed.
I came out to say hi to them because I was ready early and needed the distraction.
He raised a questioning eyebrow.
I was  ... am still, actually, somewhat inexplicably nervous about this.
He smiled and nodded.  Me, too.
I immediately felt some of the tension in my shoulders melt.  We talked easily for the rest of the drive and the walk to the restaurant.  We pored over the cocktail menu, and then the actual menu, finally settling on two drinks and two entrees we both wanted to try, knowing we would sample each others.  Once our cocktails arrived, we got quiet again.  There were things to say that were far less easy than small talk, and neither of us knew where to start.
So, he said.
I nodded and smiled.
So, I miss you, he said simply.  Quietly.
My eyes were immediately watery.
I was really angry a couple months ago.
Of course. 
And if someone had told me then that I would be sitting here with you tonight, I would have told them they were crazy. He took a deep breath.  I tried hard to ignore the feelings.  I did.  I tried dating other people.  Got out of town for a while. I gave it time, hoping they would just dull and go away ... He took a long sip of his drink.  And then there was that day I saw you at lunch ...
I winced and my stomach turned over.  Had I read this all wrong?  Did he really just need more closure?  But he asked me out. And said I looked nice. And acted all first date-ish.  Surely, I wasnt reading this all wrong?  Right?
And you told that woman that you would have done anything to not have that night happen, not hurt her or me.
I had said that, hadnt I?  I had been far more focused on the negative things he heard that day.  I shook my head against the memory.
And it wasnt just what you said.  There was something in your voice that was so ... so honest, I guess, for lack of a better word.  I cant really explain it, but after that the anger just sort of started to dissolve.
But when you talked to me outside, you seemed so distant.
Now he winced a little.  I didnt say it dissolved immediately ...
Then he laughed a little and continued, Anyway, when the anger was gone, I just ...missed you.
I took a deep breath and a sip of my drink.  We were quiet.
I was going through that whole interview process at work, and I just kept wanting to talk to you about it.  We talked about things like that so much, it seemed so strange not to tell you.  When I got the job, the first person I thought about calling was you.
Congratulations again, by the way. My smile was unstoppable and the hairs on the back of my neck stood up.
Thanks. His smile was wide.
I dont want this to sound like an excuse, because I take full responsibility for my actions, but Ive been thinking about this all a lot ... okay, obviously, understatement of the year.
He laughed and his eyes danced just a bit.  I relaxed just a little.
Ive realized that there are a lot of things that Ive been wrong about.  I had all these parameters for myself.  These weird ideals  what kinds of jobs to take and how to cut my hair and where to live and with whom.  I had created this vision of the perfect life, but it turns out that the things that make me happy, that make me feel most like me, dont fit that vision at all.  Its like somehow what isnt perfect is right.  If that makes any sense?
He nodded.  I took a deep breath and looked down for a minute then up and directly into his eyes.  But I was never wrong about you, and I hate that I lost you over something that was clearly about a bunch of other stuff, and not at all about you.
Without a pause he said, You havent lost me.
Immediately my eyes filled and spilled over.  I reached for my napkin, still rolled around my silverware, and he took my hand in his and squeezed.  Sparks shot up my arm, and I had a nearly insatiable urge to jump across the table and kiss him.
Um, so the... ah ... risotto with winter vegetables? the waiter asked, clearly uncomfortable interrupting us.  
I raised my hand a bit, claiming my entre, and from there on we tasted each others food and raved about it.  Then came all the details about his interview and new position  the impossible task of trying to tie up every lose end, trying to decide which ones to leave undone.  We covered the details of what happened with the elimination of my department.  I talked a little about finding my old business plan, about deciding to take some time to really figure out the next step.  We skimmed the surface of big things we both knew there would be time to cover in detail later.
When the waiter came to inquire about dessert, we both enthusiastically declined, and then there was the check and our coats and a quick cold walk to the car, where as soon as he shut his door my lips were on his.  My hand at the back of his neck, his beard still a little rough on my chin.  My other hand on his thigh, his on mine, then under the hem of my dress and up. His other hand underneath my hair.  I moved my hand from his neck to the top button of his shirt, unbuttoned one, then two, and slid my hand onto his chest, like I had wanted to hours ago.  I moaned a little as his hand under my skirt moved expertly.  
He pulled away from a kiss, rested his forehead on mine.  Your place or mine?
Yours.
I have no memory of the drive to his apartment that night, except that it felt like the longest five minutes ever.  And then we were inside, where I finally un-tucked his shirt and finished with all the buttons and slid my hands across his chest.  His hands found the zipper in the back of my dress, just as we crossed from the living room into the bedroom.  And then his lips were on my shoulders and chest and stomach.  And there was the familiar yet new tangle of our bodies. Not lost at all.

The next morning I woke up naked in Daves bed with the inability to stop smiling.  
Oh, hey there, you, he joked, rolling over.
I laughed.
So, that was a pretty nice date, huh? he said, his eyes sparkling.
Ill say.  Best first date sex I ever had.
He just laughed, and I rested my head on his shoulder and traced my finger down his chest.
There was so much to say, but I couldnt seem to find the words.  Thank you, I finally said.
For?
For not giving up on me.
He reached over and tousled my hair.  I like this new look.
I smiled, and rubbed his beard.  I like it when you work from home.
You and pregnant ladies everywhere.
I laughed.  Me and most anyone who likes men.  Im not sure Dave would ever quite understand his own hotness.  I dont think he was ignorant to the fact he was attractive; he just didnt come close to understanding the extent of it.  It was one of his more adorable traits.
So tell me more about this business plan, he said.
I gave him the details, about writing it in college and all but forgetting about it until recently.  I also told him about the experience with the first training I developed.
You never mentioned that before, he commented.  We had talked about jobs and career paths a lot.
I know.  I honestly hadnt thought about it in years, I dont think.  Like I blocked it or something.
He nodded.
So do you think youll do it?
You mean open a coffee shop?
He nodded and twirled a piece of my hair in his fingers.
I really dont know.  Its been on my mind a lot.  I mean, obviously Im working at a coffee shop, but thats partially because of the business plan and partially just to buy myself some time.
He looked pensive, then said, That makes sense.
I loved that Dave was never about platitudes when it came to these things.  If he thought I was crazy, he would have said so.  Kindly.
You seem happier, he added. More relaxed.
Hmm  ... I dont know.
Well, you do.
I nodded. Then it hit me out of nowhere.  Speaking of which, I have to work today.  What time is it? Dave rolled over to check his phone and started laughing.
Its 7:42, he said with a smile in his voice.  What time do you work?
11:30.  Whats so funny?
He rolled back over and showed me his phone.  It was a text from Ben:  Kate says Carolyn was a no show last night, assuming that means all is well.
I laughed, certain I would have a similar message when I got around to checking my phone.
She was really sad about his fish this week, I said.
He nodded.  He really misses her.
I nodded.
Who do you think is going to move? I asked.
He shrugged and my head moved under his shoulder.  I think hell look for jobs here, but its so competitive.
Shes had some national interest in her newspaper column.  Early talks of syndication.  And she still cant stop talking about Seattle, I said, then added, But then her dad is here. 
Dave nodded and rubbed my shoulder.  I looked around his familiar room and thought about lying here in January talking about wedding dates and his lease ending.  I had been consumed by guilt.  Lying here with him knowing and accepting the truth was not a scenario I ever would have imagined that day.
What did you decide to do about your lease?
He reached his other hand to his forehead and rubbed it.  I still dont know.  Guess I just sort of put that one on hold ... he said.
I swallowed against the lump in my throat.  On hold because of me, because I turned our lives upside down.  I took a deep breath.  Despite how amazing this was, we were going to have these moments, these things tied up around my brief period of self-destruction.  It would dull with time, but it wasnt going away.
As if he could read my mind, he leaned his head over and kissed my forehead.  I nestled in closer to him.  And then it hit me.
Move in with me, I said softly, barely out loud.
Hmm? he said.
You should move in with me, I said, again, at a more normal decibel.
He rolled to his side to look me in the eye.  A look of disbelief crossed his face.  Youre serious.
I nodded.
But you love your apartment.  You want to live by yourself.  You have like fifty reasons this is important to you.
Youre important to me, I said simply.
His eyes danced a little, but his mouth was still twisted into a question.
Your place is tiny, and you already have things in storage.
I nodded, he was right, but suddenly I could see the two of us in the tiny kitchen cooking dinner.  And in the bedroom getting ready for work.  Brushing our teeth together in the bathroom, playfully shouldering each other out for use of the sink.  I knew I was idealizing it.  I knew it wouldnt be easy.  I also knew it was exactly what we needed.
Well figure it out, I said.
He raised an eyebrow.
Just until the end of my lease in September.  Then we could look for something bigger.
I guess it would be less than six months, give or take
I nodded.  Just think about it; we dont have to decide today. 
He kissed my forehead, then my nose, then my mouth.  Then ran his hand down the length of my body, as far as he could reach and back up, leaving a trail of heat beneath his fingertips, and we thought about nothing but ourselves for the next few hours.

Chapter 13 
It smells fabulous in here, Ben greeted, coming into the kitchen with a bottle of wine.
I rested the spoon on the side of the pot and gave him a huge hug.  Hey, you!  Look at you, standing here, in my apartment. I poked at his arm jokingly. You are real.
He laughed.  Good to see you, he said with an earnestness that caught me off guard.  The acknowledgement that for a time there had been the distinct possibility that he might not see me again.
Thank you, I said, hoping it adequately conveyed my gratitude for any part he played in Daves and my reconciliation.
Need help with anything? Kate asked, coming into the kitchen.
Yeah, can Carolyn store some clothes in that giant closet of yours? Dave asked coming in behind her.
We all laughed.
I was thinking of offering to help store your joint wine collection.
He raised an eyebrow and started opening the bottle they brought with them.  You can help by making sure we dont have to make room for this one.
It was the first Friday in April.  Dave had moved the last of his boxes in Tuesday, and Ben had flown in late last night.  Kate, Dave, and Ben were all running the Monument Avenue 10K the next morning, and I was doing my part with a pre-race pasta dinner. 
Did you make this sauce? Kate asked, picking up the spoon and giving the pot a stir.
I nodded.  She spooned up some sauce and dipped the tip of her finger in it. 
Does it need anything? I asked, joining her next to the pot.
She shook her head.  Its really, really good.
Yeah?
She nodded, dipping a different finger in and trying it again.  Perfect amount of garlic.
Thanks.
So? she asked, lowering her voice and tilting her head toward Ben and Dave, who had just moved out of the kitchen.
So, hes here, I said, smiling unstoppably.
Look at you ... all cute and domestic.
I rolled my eyes.  Whatever.
Im happy it all worked out, she said, bumping her shoulder into mine.  Despite my protestations. 
Kate had been jokingly lamenting the demise of our late-night chats over bottles of wine, teasing Dave that he would need to plan to be away at least one night a week so she didnt go into withdrawal.
The timer for the pasta went off and I drained it while Kate tried to find a bowl.  Okay, things have moved in here, and multiplied. She fished around a little more.  Um, and been upgraded.
The kitchen was the one area we had finished unpacking, and it was true, Dave was a far more experienced cook than I was and had a lot of nice things.  Forget wine nights; Im kicking you out, and Dave and I are having cooking nights.
We laughed and then carried the pasta, salad, and bread to the table in the main room of the apartment.
So, youve really upgraded the kitchen, Kate commented to Dave.
Dave laughed.
Seriously, Im coming over here to test out new recipes.
Sounds like a win-win to me, he said.
She only cooks vegetables. Bens voice was full of mock seriousness.
Which I can tell has been really problematic for you, Dave retorted, then addressed us all, So, a couple weeks ago, I call this guy around noon and hes walking to lunch at this place ...
Man, really?  Really?  This is the story youre telling? Ben interrupted.
And hes raving about how they have the best falafel in town. We all laughed, and he continued, Which implies that not only were you eating falafel, but you had tried multiple falafels.
Is that even a word? I asked.
It is now, Kate said, laughing so hard there were tears in her eyes.
I passed around the pasta, and we all filled our plates.  It was quiet for a minute, making the rain beating against the window pane obvious.
I see you brought the Seattle weather with you, Dave teased Ben, then topped off everyones wine and then got up to get another bottle from a box in the corner.
I must say thats pretty convenient, Kate said.
Seriously, though, guys, there is an impressive amount of clutter in this place, Ben said.
Dave and I both rolled our eyes, but he was right.  In our individual apartments, everything had its place.  Right now, there were boxes everywhere, as we slowly merged apartments, unpacking some of Daves things, packing up some of mine.  I looked at the bookshelf.  We had come across a great black-and-white shot of the two of us on a trip to New York.  We had gone there in the first year that we were dating, just after Thanksgiving.  Dave had been in the city for a conference during the week, and I took a train up to meet him Thursday for a long weekend. We took the picture of ourselves, our faces squished together and smiling.  There is a an earnest newness to our relationship that seems to come through.  Like somehow we knew this one was different.  Its not particularly obvious in the picture, but I remembered that it had just begun to snow.  We had gotten a coffee and just walked around in the snow for hours.  Just wandered through the streets, full of clean, new white snow, without the slightest bit of an agenda.
I looked around the table in the little apartment full of boxes and mess and friends and laughter.  I caught Daves eye. He winked, and our legs brushed under the tiny table.  No plan I made, no matter how meticulous, and no rule I created for myself, no matter how well-intentioned, could have brought me to this moment.  I had stumbled here, a little bruised and broken, but better for it.
 ###







Other Works
Other Books by Mary Chris Escobar

Neverending Beginnings (the story of Kate & Ben from Delayed)
How to be Alive


Get a free copy of the first book in the How to... series, How to Fall, when you sign up to join my Reader's Club. Click here to get started: http://marychrisescobar.com/freebook/








Acknowledgements
I conceived the idea for Delayed while stuck in an airport overnight, so perhaps I should thank that particular airline, without which this story may never have materialized.  However, this delay happened on the way home from the Romance Writers of America conference, so more appropriately, I will offer my thanks to this organization for bringing together an amazing group of writers.  It was three days of inspiration, education and encouragement.  Specifically, I want to acknowledge fellow conference first-timers Lashell Collins, Julia Kelly, Tracie Puckett and Alexis Anne for their friendship and support that has extended well past that conference and across the miles.  Julia and Lexy are also to be heralded as the best beta readers ever.  This novella would not be near where it is today without Jennifer McCormicks editing prowess.  Seriously folks, shes a grammar superwoman.  I am eternally grateful for the encouragement of my parents, I play pretend in my head now because I was encouraged to do so as a child.  To my Escobar family, Im a lucky girl to have married into such a fabulous bunch  thanks for always making me feel like a rock star.  Finally, I always struggle to find the words to express the appropriate depth and breadth of my gratitude for Mike, so Ill use just one: love.  

Most importantly, to you the reader, thank you for giving me the great honor of sharing my stories with you.





About the Author
Mary Chris lives in downtown Richmond, Virginia in a renovated parking garage with her husband. After years of searching for her creative outlet, (evidenced by her collection of lumpy pottery and college transcript bearing 15 credits of art and a semester as a theatre major) and being told by friends that her e-mails made them laugh; she finally found her voice.  She can be found at marychrisescobar.com, @marychris_e, just about anywhere with craft beer, or at Tarrants huddled over a warm piece of apple pie.
