


EXPEDITION WESTWARD

Book 2, Robot Horizon series

by Brian Bakos


Copyright 2013, Brian Bakos
Smashwords Edition


Cover Art: Rob Jones 


Other Titles by Brian Bakos

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents
What Happened Before
Prelude: The Holy Temple
Part One: The New Order Wilts
Part Two: Pickle Lake Convulsions
Part Three: The West Coast Beckons
Part Four: Space Invaders
Part Five: Love Comes to Town
Epilog
Reading Group Guide
Connect with the Author




What Happened Before
Editors Note

This is book two of the Robot Horizon series. If you havent read book one, Return to Mech City, please click here to obtain a copy from Smashwords or get one from the store where found this book. Youll enjoy the following story better if you know what happened before.
Well, okay, if you dont want to do that, heres a thumbnail sketch of book one:

As mankind finally succumbs to its follies and exits the world stage, scholar model robot, Winston Horvath, makes a perilous journey to Mech City, the place of his manufacture, bearing a vast internal database of human literature, history, and language. This had been programmed into him at the behest of his former master as the Walking Library of Alexandria project.
But when Winston arrives on his mission to preserve the human cultural heritage, he finds Mech City to be in a downward spiral. The robotic inhabitants, who were never designed to exist independently, are deteriorating psychologically and turning to suicide or brigandage. He also meets Estrella, a.k.a. Star Power  the worlds only sexually functional female robot  and Iridium, a noble robotic wolf. Star and Winston immediately click, but Winston cannot satisfy Stars robust sexual desires. She is on a whole new level of creation from him.
Inspired by Stars great beauty and kindness, Winston devises a plan to save Mech City  restore the derelict REX Hotel and turn it into the towns fashionable in locale. This gives employment and purpose to the towns residents. The suicides stop, Winston becomes Mech Citys most important and respected citizen.
But things unravel when Nilo, a despised test bed robot, morphs into Fascista Ultimo and seizes control using the mech wolves and other robotic monstrosities that crazed human technicians had produced in their final months.
As one of the Humanite Master Race model robots, Winston is sucked into the Roboto Fascist regime and becomes a key official. But, motivated by Stars plight (F. U. wants her as a concubine) Winston comes to his senses and hatches a plot to bring down the tyrant. Winston is too discredited to be the new leader, however. Ajax, a recreation of a comic book robotic hero, is the only suitable choice. Problem is, Ajaxs head has supposedly been carried off by birds to a mysterious castle in the mountains, and he is barely functional with his auxiliary brain.
On the basis of this fantastic story, Winston and Star set out to find Ajaxs head. Iridium joins them on the road and, after much tribulation, they finally get to Pickle Lake Castle where robotics technician and plague survivor, Dr. Edgar Rackenfauz, has set up shop. His mech birds had stolen Ajaxs head as a bizarre prank. 
Star learns form Rackenfauz about Dr. Jerry Che who created her as a robotic sex partner. Maybe Dr. Che has also survived the plague, thanks to Rackenfauzs vaccines. He could be on the west coast. Star wants to find Che immediately and have Winston converted to full sexual functionality, but Winston wants to finish the mission to overthrow Fascista Ultimo first.
They retrieve the head and return to Mech City. In a climatic battle, they defeat Fascista Ultimo. But Ajax has severe problems with his reattached head. Hailed as a hero, Winston agrees to serve as interim mayor. Once Ajax is fully recovered, Winston promises to travel westward with Star to find Dr. Che.
Now, read further ....


Prelude: The Holy Temple

Devils Night, 15 years prior

The mob flowed toward the REX hotel bristling with fire, like molten lava vomiting down the street. Hatred contorted every mans face, and barbeque murder surged within every heart. They paused at the entrance to the derelict hotel, under the sign reading: Holy Temple of the Transcendent Vision.
Come on, someone shouted, what are we waiting for?
Lets burn the sons of bitches out! someone else yelled.
The hundred-strong crowd began to move again, torches held high, but a commanding voice stopped it in its tracks.
Hold it right there! 
A large, beefy police captain approached, brandishing a nightstick. A phalanx of uniformed patrolmen shoved the mob back from the hotel.
Get rid of them torches, the police captain bellowed, or Ill bust your heads wide open!
He smacked the nightstick against a palm to emphasize the point. His bellicose, uncompromising stance brooked no opposition. The mob retreated, tossing their incendiary devices into the gutter where they hissed into smoky death. 
A grin of fierce satisfaction spread across the captains face. He reveled in the power of his unchallenged authority.
Thats better, gentlemen, he said. Now  
A boy suddenly exited the REX hotel, moving into the disturbance with steely composure. A wave of cold seemed to precede him, much worse than the chill air of the October evening. Despite themselves, everyone shrank back  mob and police. Even the captain lost his self-confidence for a moment. 
Then a tall, thin woman with frizzy red hair exited the hotel to stand protectively beside the boy. Beneath the dim street lights she appeared ghastly pale. To the onlookers, it felt as if alien beings had arrived, or that the earth had cracked open to reveal some terrible mystery. 
The mob began to shake off its astonishment.
Theres the little creep! someone yelled.
The 13-year-old messiah regarded his adversaries with icy contempt. He stood barefoot on the cold pavement wearing nothing but shorts and a T-shirt, as hed doffed his ceremonial robe moments before. He was thin, with stringy brown hair, in no way physically imposing. But his wide, dark eyes flickered with an eerie light that compelled and frightened.
The messiah crossed his arms disdainfully over his chest. Other Visionists were swarming out of the hotel now, gathering around him  men and women, even a few children, about forty in all. They were unarmed and outnumbered, but burned with faith in their leader. One word from him, and they would spring into violent action.
Things held in the balance. Then the police captain stepped into the vacuum.
Everybody stay calm! he ordered.
The captain seemed to be the very soul of legitimate authority. The messiah knew better, though. Mysticism was his stock in trade, but he recognized a practical threat when it was right before his piercing dark eyes. 
The chief acolyte, a tall, thin, balding man with fanatical eyes of his own spoke to his messiah in an urgent voice.
What shall we do, Father? 
The boy scanned the mob contemptuously, hands on hips. Somebody flung a rock at him, but the red-haired woman batted it away. 
Enough of that! the police captain roared.
He approached the rock thrower, nightstick raised. The thrower skittered to the center of the mob.
That police captain is demanding more protection money, the messiah said in a low voice.
The unbeliever! snarled the chief acolyte.
If we cant pay, well be cremated next time, the messiah said.
Then let us unleash holy war, the chief acolyte said.
The messiah shrewdly calculated the odds against him. A holy war at this time could have but one outcome  the destruction of himself and all his believers. Everything hed struggled for during the past year would be lost, his sacred mission would be dragged into the dust. He would prove unworthy of his great calling. 
It was high time for a vision.
I see it all! the messiah yelled dramatically. 
He smacked a hand against his forehead and extended the other one toward the dark heavens. His followers pressed in on him like groupies around a rock star. 
What is it, Father? they cried in unison. 
A divine message! the messiah intoned.
What vision do you comprehend? the chief acolyte said. Tell us, and we will obey.
The mob looked on derisively.
Get a load at that punk, someone sneered.
I tried to comprehend his vision once, another man said, but I couldnt get my head that far up my ass.
Silence, infidels! The chief acolyte roared.
He took threatening steps toward the loud mouths. He was not a physically powerful man, but the insane rage in his eyes frightened his tormentors. They shrank back as if the very devil was confronting them. 
The police captain interposed his bulk between the adversaries. Uniformed officers flanked him, reinforcing his authority.
All right, fellas, the captain said, everybody calm down!
He patted the nightstick against his palm with an assurance that indicated he wouldnt mind cracking a skull or two.
Be at peace, brother, the messiah called to his acolyte. Those lost ones know not what they are saying.
The chief acolyte returned to his leader and fell upon his knees, enjoying the pain of impact on the concrete. 
What is your command, Father? he said.
The messiah waved his followers in close. They stood around him now like a demonic football team in a huddle.
We must depart from these unbelievers, he said in a harsh whisper. They are not worthy of our continued presence.
Amen! his followers cried.
Somebody in the crowd belched.
All right now, shows over, the captain said. Everybody go home, before I start making arrests.
The crowd dispersed, grumbling. Already its leaders were planning another assault. Next time they would not fail  they would cleanse Mech City of this unholy menace. There would be more of them next time, better organized ...
***
Later that night, the cult members slipped out of the REX back door carrying an array of luggage, including a spear-like staff from which their standard hung limp  the all-seeing eye leering out of its crimson cloud. They huddled together in the alley, shivering in the cold drizzle. 
Then their messiah emerged from the REX, wearing his ceremonial robe over his warm clothes. He walked purposefully down the alley, looking neither right nor left. The others fell in behind him. They continued on for parts unknown. Mech City was rid of them at last.


Part One: The New Order Wilts


1. The Winston Regime
For seven weeks now, ever since the overthrow of the Roboto Fascist regime, Winston Horvath had ruled Mech City with an iron hand. 
Actually, it was made of titanium alloy, but the metaphor still applied. His tenure as  the supposed interim mayor had been one of increasing authoritarianism marked by suppression of anyone who refused to get with the program. 
Exactly how this state of affairs came about was something of a mystery to him. One day he was the darling of the revolution, the leader by unanimous acclamation, loved by everyone. Then, by small degrees, hed morphed into a despot  someone immune to error who could tolerate no disagreement.
Well, what of it? Hed had to take stern measures to whip things into shape after the chaos of the Fascist regime and the subsequent liberation struggle. The whole social order had been ripped apart, dozens of robots had become casualties, many beyond repair. Security and order were the top priorities.
Besides, this was only a temporary state of affairs, as he kept telling everybody. As he kept telling himself. And the glorious results of his rule were everywhere to behold!
He stood at the window of his office looking dramatically over the city, his city, undergoing a renaissance as the capital of an independent robotic society   the only one in the world, as far as anybody could tell. The streets were clear, water flowed in the public fountains, and construction boomed.
One hand rested on a hip while his intelligent face tried to look hard and dramatic. He was a blue Humanite model robot, the size of an average human male, with large golden Mayors Medallion hanging around his neck.
He wore no clothing over a body that, while not anatomically correct, had many human-like characteristics. The battle scars hed received in his various altercations were all filled in and concealed beneath a fresh paint job. Stylish red highlights ran along the outsides of his legs, like the trouser stripes of a 20th century Nazi field marshal.
Winston would have never considered himself to be a Nazi, though. Hadnt he, himself, engineered the overthrow of the Roboto Fascist regime in Mech City? What other credential did he need to rule?
The humans had their Winston ... Churchill, he said, placing his hands on the window sill. Why shouldnt we have ours?
In the world outside the window, a new social order was being developed. Winston had brought order and discipline out of the chaos. Everyone had work, work made them free. Under his guidance, the dreaded Che Syndrome was being held at bay. Nobody committed suicide anymore, and the scrapper gangs gave the town a wide berth. Any outlaw who dared enter the city limits was quickly dispatched by the mech wolf guard battalion.
The city was also receiving a badly needed face lift, starting with the new Palace of His Excellency the Mayor  an imposing marble edifice being erected next to Heroes Square. This structure would cast in stone forever the unbreakable bond between the citizens of Mech City and their great leader  hero of the battle against the Roboto Fascist tyranny, Winston Horvath!
Later today, Winston would visit the construction site, after hed studied the latest materials acquisition report submitted by Jimmy, the construction foreman. Jimmy was a damn good fellow in Winstons estimation, but he had a bothersome habit of neglecting the political aspects of his job. All he ever talked about was prosaic technical stuff, he lacked the proper ideological flair.
Winston turned toward his massive desk with its Excellency the Mayor placard standing sentry on its leading edge. His movements were smooth and decisive as he crossed the distance between the window and his seat of power.
He settled into the great leather-clad chair and flipped open the folder containing Jimmys report. His face registered deep concentration.
Ah, yes, he sighed, another day of toil on behalf of my people.
***
Across town, at the Robotics Development Institute, another day of repair work was underway. Every table in the main workshop held a casualty from the battle that had wrenched control of Mech City from the Fascista Ultimo dictatorship. Tools and spare components covered every available surface. Precision machines stood by to mill new parts, fed by data from one of the worlds most powerful surviving computers.
The repair technician robots, Jack and Quincy, worked on the prime casualty  Iridium. Every day for weeks theyd studied and probed, removing this part or other and replacing it with one from a mech wolf wreck. Some components had to be built from scratch. Just about everything in Iridiums body had been ruined. His advanced brain unit was one of the few components that had escaped serious damage.
Laboring without proper schematics, Jack and Quincy had followed a meticulous process of trial and error, but their efforts were finally paying off. They were both metal man designs, but of highly advanced intelligence. Theyd been persecuted by the Roboto Fascist regime because they were not considered part of the Humanite master race of robots. 
Winston Horvath had changed all that, however, when hed accomplished the dictatorships overthrow. Things were better now ... 
Werent they?
Iridium was an astonishing canine robot  the size of a timber wolf  with a lustrous, flowing coat that constantly shifted color under the workshop lights. The effect was so distracting that the repair bots often donned sunglasses while working on him.
I think were about finished with you, Iridium, Jack said.
He switched off the analyzer device hed been studying and raised his sunglasses.
Thats right, old boy, Quincy said.Well do your final mobility tests this afternoon.
Thanks, Iridium said. You guys are the greatest!
Jack and Quincy exchanged nervous glances, then looked toward the two mech wolves observing them balefully from a corner. The ferocious creatures, knock offs of the original Iridium design, had been posted here by Mayor Winston to keep an eye on things and provide assistance as required. 
What kind of assistance could anyone expect from these primitive machines  so much like Iridium but lacking his intelligence and nobility?
Every casualty sprawled on a workbench had been put there by these mech wolves and their comrades during the battle of Heroes Square. Many other metal men had been wrecked beyond redemption. They existed only as scrap material or as random components in the spare parts bins.
Dont let Winston hear you talk like that, Iridium, Jack said in a hushed voice.
Yeah, hes got the corner on being the greatest, Quincy said.
Star Power, originally named Estrella, looked over from a table across the room where she was working on another damaged robot. A warm beam followed her gaze, it accompanied her as she walked toward Iridium and the repair bots. The head of every casualty on the various tables turned to follow her progression, drawn by her incredible loveliness  so apparent even to the asexual metal men.
Stars light brown skin, almond eyes, and long, dark hair referenced universal concepts of beauty. Her voluptuous figure moved seductively as she walked. She was the most human-like of all the robots, though still  observable just barely  a machine creation. 
She arrived at Iridiums table and stroked the great canines head. 
How do you feel, Iri? she asked.
In the pink, Star, Iridium said. Considering that Im made up mostly of recycled parts from mech wolf wrecks.
Star laughed gently, a tinkling, melodious sound that complemented her low and seductive speaking voice.
It would have been better to transfer Iris brain unit into a healthy mech wolf body, Quincy said, but that type of surgery is beyond our skill set, Im afraid.
I think you boys did just fine, Star said.
She kissed Iridiums head. The great canine melted at the contact and began purring like a gigantic kitten.
You hang in there, Iri, okay? she said.
Right-o, Iridium said. 
Maybe you should take things easy for a while, Jack said. 
Why? Iridium said. 
You know, enjoy life after everything youve been through, Quincy said. Just hang out, smell the flowers, if you can find any.
Iridium shook his head emphatically.
Im going out of my brain unit with boredom, he said. Right after my tests, Im seeing the mayor about my security chief job.
Again, Jack and Quincy exchanged glances, including Star in their unease this time.
Are you sure you want to do that? Quincy said. I mean, things have changed a lot since you were injured.
Why not? Iridium said. I was promised the position as soon as I was well enough to take over. Didnt you just say that Im fully recovered?
Well ... yeah, Jack said. Of course, something might turn up in the final tests.
Not likely, Iridium said. I feel great. My internal diagnostics would tell me if I wasnt fit.
An awkward silence followed.
Why dont you let me speak to Winston first? Star said.
Iridium studied the worried faces of the two-legged robots hovering over him. He didnt like what he saw very much.
Okay, Star, he said, sure thing.


2. Unexpected Visitors
Star poked her head into the Mayors office from the corridor and observed Winston deep in concentration at his desk studying some papers. He stroked his chin with that gesture that was so characteristic of him, and feelings that shed almost forgotten began to surge anew. 
She was instantly transported by an avalanche of memories back to a simpler time when Winston was all that mattered to her in the world. Back when he had been her hero, her protector against the Fascista Ultimo monster  her great comrade in arms. When all others had despaired, hed fought on until the Roboto Fascist dictatorship finally came crashing down.
A sad, nostalgic smile moved across her face. Exquisite pangs of love twisted her heart.
Then Winston straightened his shoulders in that new, arrogant manner of his and the moment passed. A bitter, almost scornful, expression twisted Stars mouth now. She rapped her knuckles on the door frame. Winston looked up from his desk. 
Hail, Exalted Mayor, she said with a slight bow.
Ah, Star, so good to see you! Winston exclaimed.
He rose and crossed the room to her.
Thank you for granting me an audience, Exalted Mayor, Star said.
Forget the ceremonial gab, Winston said. Im just plain old Winston, remember?
Really? Star said.
He took both of her hands into his own. The communicator, which controlled the mech wolf guards, hung prominently from his left wrist.
Of course I am, he said.
I wish youd show me more of that old Winston, Star said. I really miss him.
Ah, forgive me! Winston said. So many responsibilities I have these days. I scarcely recognize myself sometimes.
He gestured dismissively around the imposing environs.
But all this is only temporary, he said. Just until Ajax is back in shape. You know that, Star.
She nodded, unconvinced. Winston grasped her hands again.
Its been ages since Ive seen you, Winston said. What can I do for you, Star?
Well ... its about Iridium, Star said.
Winstons manner became immediately tense, cautious. He withdrew his hands from Stars
What about him? he asked.
I spoke to him at the RDI today, Star said. Hes doing much better now, you know.
Glad to hear that, Winston said without apparent enthusiasm.
Yes ... of course, Star said. 
Winstons abrupt coldness had unsettled her.
Anyway, she continued, he was telling me that he feels ready to take over the job as Mech Citys security chief ... as you promised him.
I see, Winston said. And what did Jack and Quincy think?
Well, they thought that  
Iridium strolled into the office with his customary swaggering confidence, as if he owned everything he surveyed. Winston stiffened.
Heres Iri now, Star said. He can explain better than I can.
Iridium! Winston said, pasting on his best politicians smile. So glad to see youre up and around.
Hi, pal, Iridium said. Good to see you, too.
Ive been meaning to visit you, Winston said, but city business sucks up all of my time.
Yeah, a lot of things suck these days, Iridium said.
Star stroked the great canines head. How did the tests go, dearie?
Great, Iridium said. Im feeling almost factory fresh.
Quincy and Jack are getting better at their repair work all the time, arent they? Winston said.
Right, but speedy they aint, Iridium said.
Winston returned to his desk and sat down, careful to keep his left wrist out of view on his lap.
So, what can I do for you, Iridium? he said.
Im reporting for duty as security chief, Iridium said. As per our agreement.
Yes, well ... Im afraid theres a bit of a problem there, old chap, Winston said.
He surreptitiously fiddled with the communication device strapped to his wrist. Four mech wolves crept in from the adjacent room.
Problem? Iridium said.
Yes, quite, Winston said.
The mech wolves closed in on Iridium, teeth bared and metallic growls rumbling in their chests. The hairs of their gray coats stood on end.
Oh! Star cried.
No need to be alarmed, Winston said. Please remain calm.
Whats going on? Iridium demanded.
Winston shrugged apologetically.
You see, the mech wolf guards have become used to my way of doing things, he said. A change right now would upset them.
Iridium coolly surveyed the mech wolves arrayed against him. They formed a solid wall of razor teeth and malevolent yellow eyes.
OK, pal, he said. I get the picture.
Im certain things will be different once Ajax becomes mayor, Winston said. Its only a temporary situation. You do understand, dont you?
Yeah, right, Iridium said.
He walked toward the door. As he passed Star, he commented in a low voice.
Watch out! That guys turning into another Fascista Ultimo.
Then he was gone. Star looked daggers at the Exalted Mayor.
Ohhh, its times like this that I really hate you, Winston!
Winston raised his open hands in a gesture of entreaty.
I have important work to do, he said. Sometimes, unavoidably, I have to disappoint others.
Youve certainly disappointed me! Star said.
She turned to go.
Star, wait ...
She stomped out the door leaving Winston alone at his desk baffled and unhappy. He stood up and returned to look out the window.
Nobody understands me, he said. This must be the price of greatness.


3. Ajax Debuts
Late afternoon sunshine glared in through Winstons open door, thrusting dramatic rays across his desk as he studied the construction update report. The sky was uncharacteristically bright today, but the report certainly was not. In it, Jimmy had expressed again his deep misgivings about the government quarter building project, and especially about the Palace of His Excellency the Mayor.
Hmm. Winston stroked his chin. Ive heard all this before.
What was that old expression? A broken record. Jimmy could not move beyond the superficial but simply rehashed all of his old arguments. 
His report overflowed with dreary specifics. It spoke of inadequate materials and transport, problems with drainage, labor shortages, insufficient foundation strength, etc. etc. All the things that got in the way of truly grand endeavors. 
Winston shoved the papers aside.
Later today, he would visit Jimmy and explain to him the political importance of the building project. Hed tell the prosaic construction foreman how all obstacles must be overcome in order to provide Mech City with government buildings worthy of its greatness. Hed emphasize how merely practical considerations were not the most important things, how  
A shadow spread across the desk. 
Winston jerked his head up to see Ajax towering in the doorway. The great bronze robot dominated the office with his 2.4 meters of broad, powerful height. His noble Greek warrior head turned to scan the environs, his eyes flashed.
The effect would have been terrifying, were it not for the great intelligence and rectitude shining from those eyes. The comic book hero that Ajax had been designed to replicate would have been proud to see his tangible manifestation.
Winston stood and tried to obfuscate his unpleasant surprise. 
Ajax! How good to see you, he said.
Greetings, Interim Mayor. Ajax made a slight bow. May I enter?
Yes ... please do.
Ajax covered the distance to Winstons desk with a few long paces. Winston suppressed a panicky urge to flee. 
So, how are you feeling, Ajax? he inquired
Quite well, thank you, Ajax said. My diagnostics indicate that I am back to 96.7% of designed capability.  
Is that so? 
Yes, Ajax said. My progress is very encouraging. I feel quite capable of assuming my duties as mayor.
Involuntarily, Winston grasped the mayors medallion hanging around his neck. 
And what about the mech birds? he asked.
They all remain deactivated, per your instructions, Interim Mayor, Ajax said.
Winston dampened a smile of relief. The mech birds were dangerous Ajax loyalists. Who knew what mischief they might cook up if they became active again?
Good, glad to hear that, Winston said. Well have to find some sort worthwhile activity for them down the road.
Ajax nodded. His posture conveyed expectant tension, but Winston did not appear to notice.
I believe that you are occupying my desk, Ajax finally said. And please hand over that medallion.
He held out a massive open palm. Winston recoiled. 
Certainly, Winston said, all in due time.
Due time? But I am prepared now, Ajax said.
Yes, of course, Winston said. Uh ... please excuse me a moment.
He turned away from his gigantic visitor and mumbled into his wrist radio. 
Moments later, four mech wolves appeared at the door along with Comrade Drone  the idiot valet robot nearly as massive as Ajax himself. His blank white face conveyed nothing but dumb obedience. 
Ajax did not notice the new arrivals, but Winston drew confidence from their presence. He turned squarely toward Ajax.
Im concerned that youre not quite 100%, yet, he said. Does your head still try to act independently?
Only on rare occasions, Ajax said, but I have things firmly under control.
Uh huh, Winston said.
Comrade Drone closed in. Despite his enormous bulk, he moved silently on shock absorbered legs. The mech wolves followed in his wake.
Why dont you rest a while longer, Ajax? Winston said. Just until youre really in the pink.
But, I am in the pink now, Ajax protested. Whatever that is supposed to mean.
Comrade Drone and the mech wolves were right beside Ajax now. He finally noticed them, recoiling with surprise.
What the hell! 
Oh, come now, Ajax, Winston said. Hell is a human concept  hardly applicable here.
This is an outrage! Ajax said.
Please dont feel that way, Winston said. Im only acting in the best interests of all concerned  including you.
Comrade Drone grasped Ajaxs elbow. The mech wolves surround him, cutting off any retreat. Despite his great power and size, Ajax knew that, unarmed, he was no match for a mech wolf  let alone four of them. 
Shall we go, Ajay? Winston said cheerfully.
Ajax drew himself up to his full stature. As the interim mayor wishes.
They exited the office suite and headed up the REX Hotels main staircase.
Two mech wolves and Comrade Drone led the honor guard. Winston and the other two wolves brought up the rear. Ajax walked with stately grace, as if he was receiving some great honor instead of heading for internment.
What a deuce of a fine fellow! Winston thought. Too bad we cant use him.
On the penthouse floor, the group paused before a solid steel door with a barred window in it. 
Your old cell  I mean apartment  is still available, Ajax, Winston said.
Comrade Drone swung the door open to reveal a large room with a heavily barred window. The dcor was neat, but very Spartan, as befitted a robot modeled on a Greek warrior hero. 
See? Ive had it redecorated, Winston said.
Yes, the new bars are lovely, Ajax replied.
He entered the cell, projecting as much dignity as possible under the terrible circumstances. Comrade Drone shut the door behind him and locked it. 
Winston peered in through the tiny window. 
Let us know if you need anything, Ajay, he said. Bye for now.
Winston and his crew departed, leaving Ajax standing alone and infuriated in his cell.
I hate being called Ajay! he said.


4. Mr. Popularity
The next morning, Star sent a note, via Comrade Drone, to the Mayors office. In it she asked Winston to meet her at the fountain park. He was delighted to oblige. 
After all, this was the same little park where theyd strolled together on his first night in Mech City. It was a locale attended by fond memories, and the first public space to be renovated during Wintons tenure as mayor. Star must be wanting to make up with him for her outburst of the other day.
Women can be so over emotional at times, Winston observed as he walked the half kilometer distance to the park. One must be prepared to make allowances.
Four mech wolf guards trailed a discreet distance behind. Winston disliked the idea of bringing his full escort, objective observers might conclude that he was unconfident. But with Iridium lurking around, it didnt hurt to be extra cautious. 
Iridium would just have to come to an understanding of his true place in the New Order and dismiss any foolish notions about commanding the Security Service. Winston would make it up with him, too, eventually. Hes offer the great canine some grandiose, though powerless, position with a fancy title  Special Assistant to the Mayor, or some nonsense like that. 
But for now, it was better to have the mech wolf guards along and not need them than for the situation to be reversed.
Winston entered the park to find Star seated on the edge of the fountain, the identical spot where theyd first exchanged their deepest confidences. So long ago it seemed, so much had happened since then! A rush of nostalgic affection throbbed in Winstons circuits. He envisioned Star jumping to her feet and rushing into his arms as shed done so many times before. Everything would be forgiven and ...
But she didnt get up. She just sat glowering at him, her lovely chocolate complexion seemed to have darkened a full shade with anger. The repaired fountain gurgled pleasantly behind her, but her mood was anything but bubbly.
I cant believe you locked up Ajax! she said by way of greeting.
Winston pushed away his keen disappointment. 
How good to see you again, he said.
He waited for an invitation to sit down, but none came. He moved awkwardly to stand beside her. A wave of cold seemed to emanate from her.
Well, what do you have to say for yourself? Star demanded.
Please, Star, try to understand, he said, its for Ajaxs own good. You know how badly he acted before.
Star snorted derisively, an astonishing noise that Winston had never heard before.
Hes made a wonderful come back since then, she said. He wouldnt have reported for duty if he thought he couldnt handle it.
Winston shrugged and diddled his fingers in the fountain water. It felt cool and inviting on his agitated temperature sensors.
I dont question Ajaxs sincerity, he said, but, by his own admission, hes not quite 100% recovered yet.
Star looked apprehensively toward the mech wolves scowling at her from their discreet distance. She plowed ahead.
Hes plenty good enough, she said, you know that as well as I do.
Winston shrugged. Well just have to see.
So, whats the next step, Star demanded, reassemble Clawfurt?
You know, Ive been giving that some thought, Winston said. He could be useful to  
Star shot to her feet and confronted Winston directly. The mech wolves drew closer.
This has to stop! she cried. 
Winston reached reflexively for her, meaning to brush her aside as he had so many others who had challenged his authority, but he managed to restrain himself. He turned to look at his mech wolf guards who were quite close now, fangs bared and growls rumbling in their chest speakers. 
He made a slight hand gesture. The mech wolves backed off, frustration glowing in their savage yellow eyes. 
Winston looked back toward Star.
Im sorry that you dont understand, he said, but I cannot avoid my destiny.
So, what is your destiny? Star said. Become another Fascista Ultimo?
Certainly not! Winston said. Of course ... he did have a few good points.
Star turned her back with disgust.
Im nothing like F. U. Winston protested. The people love me.
Star spun back around. People? Were all robots, in case you havent noticed.
A matter of semantics. Winston waved a dismissive hand. Didnt you say yourself that were evolving?
Like this? Star said. We were better off before.
Just go ask anyone how they feel about me, Winston said. Youll see.
A grim, almost malicious smile that Winston had never seen before oozed across Stars features.
All right, she said, youre on.
Okay ... very well, Winston said, if thats what itll take to convince you, lets go solicit some opinions.
Shall we start at the RDI? Stars voice was calm, ingenuous. You should have lots of admirers there.
Certainly, why not? Winston said.
***
The walk across town to the Robotics Development Institute was quiet and grim. Star kept her thoughts to herself, and Winston knew better than to add any fuel to her obvious upset. The streets were virtually empty, as all the available manpower was devoted these days to the construction of the new mayors palace.
Shell understand soon enough, Winston thought, then things will go back to being nice again between us.
He began to feel more confident walking beside her. Warm recollections of their long history bubbled up from his memory banks. Theyd been through so much together, and theyd meant so much to each other. He could have never made it this far without her devoted support.
So ... why had he scarcely given her a thought for the past month? A sharp pang of regret entered Winstons consciousness.
Well, that was all going to change, as soon as this misunderstanding was cleared up. Shed come back to him once she realized his true greatness, his profound love for the people and their love for him.
His confidence increased as they entered the largest of the Institute buildings and moved along the corridor to the main workshop. How things had changed since hed first trod this route with his former master and her nephew three and a half years ago! Who would have thought that hed rise from such humble beginnings to reach the heights he occupied today?
What were those humans names again?  ... Oh yes, Dr. Anna Horvath and little Charles. How silly of him to have forgotten. 
They neared the main workshop door. Star spoke at last.
Why dont you leave your goon squad out here? she said.
Goon squad?
Star gestured to the mech wolves.
They ... you see, Im so used to having them around, Winston said.
Do you want honest answers or not? Star said.
Well ...
Look, Winston, I really dont have time for this, Star said. And Im beginning to think that I dont have any more time for you.
She started walking back toward the lobby.
Okay, wait, Winston said.
He pointed to a spot next to the wall. The mech wolves moved reluctantly toward it and sat on their haunches.
Satisfied? Winston said.
Star gave him a perturbed look. Call the ones from the workshop out here, too.
Sure thing, Winston said.
Star walked alone into the shop. 
Quincy and Jack were busy on the far side of the workshop repairing a damaged robot on an operating table. Around the big room, on all the other tables, lay more damaged machines. It was a depressingly familiar sight.
Star! Quincy said. Great to see you.
Hows Iri doing? Jack said.
Hes fine, as far as I know, Star said. Hes been keeping a low profile.
Thats not surprising, Quincy said, after the way Winston double crossed him.
Star glanced toward the door.
Well, thats another matter, she said, lowering her voice. 
Can you help us today? Jack said. As you can see, weve still got a huge backlog,
But now that Iridium is finalized, well be able to make faster progress, Quincy said.
Sure, boys, Star said, but weve got some other business to take care of first.
Star returned to the doorway and stuck her head out into the hall. Winston was occupied with the mech wolves, giving them orders through his wrist communicator. At his command, the workshop assistants left their posts and brushed past Star on their way out the door.
Where are they going? Jack said.
Who cares? Quincy said, as long as it isnt here.
Out in the corridor, the six creatures laid down together like a pack of lethal puppy dogs. 
Jack and Quincy are ready for you, now, Star said.
Certainly.
Winston approached the workshop door alone. He felt oddly vulnerable without his mech wolf escort, but submerged his unease under a jovial demeanor. He entered the workshop sporting his best politicians smile.
Hi, boys, he said. Hows it going?
The repair bots stiffened and took a step backwards.
Uh, were okay ... I guess, Jack said.
Is something wrong, Exalted Mayor? Quincy asked.
Not at all! Winston said. Ive just come to see if youre happy today.
Quincy and Jack nodded dumbly.
Of course were happy, Quincy said. Why wouldnt we be?
I mean to say ... are you pleased with the way Im running Mech City? Winston asked.
The repair bots looked around for mech wolves, saw none. They glanced toward Star. She nodded encouragement.
Do you want our true opinion? Jack said.
Thats right, Winston said, give it to me straight, boys.
He crossed his arms over his chest and smiled confidently toward Star. Now she would understand the deep affection he was held in by everyone. Now she would appreciate his true worth.
Jack and Quincy shouted in unison: YOU STINK, WINSTON!
W-what?
Winston recoiled with shock, as if hed been struck a physical blow. 
The robot lying on the workbench raised its head.
Yeah, YOU STINK, WINSTON! it cried.
Every robot in the workshop, even the partially disassembled ones, joined the chorus.
YOU STINK, WINSTON!
Winston stumbled backwards, nearly falling over. Under the impact of three jackhammer words, hed been reduced from the all-powerful mayor to a cringing shadow. He looked into Stars face, hoping to find sympathy. He saw only hard determination.
Shall we go, Mr. Popularity? she said.
Star gripped his arm and led a badly shaken Winston out of the workshop.


5. Heroes Square Debacle
Jimmy, the construction foreman, gazed ruefully at the bulk of the new mayors palace rising on the edge of Heroes Square like some alien life form. Seventy robots labored amid its jumble of marble and steel. The only machinery in evidence was a crane type device fashioned from components of the former Clawfurt villain robot.
A large sign nearby read: 

Future site of Winston Horvath Government Plaza

Jimmy was a large, broad construction model robot nearly two meters in height and possessed of great physical strength. His advanced brain unit contained all manner of knowledge gained from years of working on building and renovation projects  first with the human masters and later with Boss Winston Horvath. 
He admired the Boss, but every iota of his knowledge and experience cried out against this unworkable project. Well ... if the Boss wanted it, Jimmy would have to try, no matter how absurd the effort was.
An expression of deep perplexity attended Jimmys face. It deepened as he viewed the great bomb crater with its fetid pond sprawling behind the building site  a huge disfigurement that he was supposed to fill in somehow. 
Hed told the Boss that a water diversion project would work much better  channel the nearby stream through the crater and flush out the stagnant water. Then, a small dam would back up the river into a robot-made lake.
Thats all well and good, Jimmy, the Boss had said with a dismissive wave, but we need more dry land for the government plaza. Such building plans I have!
Right.
Jimmy rotated toward the entrance of the square, a hundred meters off, where the great wooden statue towered on its pedestal three and a half meters high in total.
Before the revolt, the statue had portrayed Fascista Ultimo. Now is had been remodeled into a replica of Winston Horvath, complete with an oversized Mayors medallion hanging around its neck. Jimmy had done the initial chainsaw work on the statue while Quincy and Jack had provided the finishing touches. The end result was very ... unique.
Sam, the assistant foreman, approached. Like Jimmy, he was a powerful construction model.
Hows it going, Jimmy? he asked.
Jimmy shook his head. I dont understand the Boss sometimes. He turned down every one of the recommendations in my report.
What did you recommend? Sam asked.
I told him ...
Jimmy looked around warily for mech wolves. A dozen of them circulated about the square, but none appeared to be in earshot. He lowered his voice, anyway.
I told him that this entire project should be cancelled.
Sam nodded. Yeah, that would be for the best.
I dont want to doubt the Boss, Jimmy said. I made that mistake once before. Still ...
He glanced sadly about the square  this honored ground where the climactic struggle against Fascista Ultimo had taken place. When the Boss, whom everyone had considered to be a traitor, had suddenly returned and rallied them to victory. Where Jimmy and his men had stood proudly beside their leader and battled the very mech wolves that were now keeping them in check. 
What had happened since then? 
Jimmy himself had been the first to cry out for the Boss to take over the mayors job. He had loved the Boss so much that we would have done so even if Ajax hadnt been incapacitated. He would have fought anyone who dared to oppose the Boss. And now this! 
Jimmy was not given to philosophical ramblings, his mind was taken up with technical considerations, but he couldnt escape the dreary thought that he was Winstons last remaining friend in Mech City. And maybe Sam, and maybe Star.
Weve got visitors, Sam said.
Jimmy looked over to see Winston and Star enter the square. Instantly all doubts vanished, replaced with unswerving loyalty and respect. He turned his back on the building site and snapped to attention. 
Boss! he cried.
Winston and Star covered the last yards to the construction robots.
Hello, Jimmy, Sam, Winston said, please be at ease.
Yes, sir! Jimmy said, assuming a more relaxed stance. 
What brings you out here, Boss? Sam asked.
I wanted to have a word with the boys, Winston said, please assemble them.
Sure thing, Boss, Jimmy said. Come on Sam.
The foremen ran off toward the building site. Star gestured to the communicator on Winstons wrist.
Hadnt you better reign them in? 
Of course, Winston said. 
He spoke into the communicator. The mech wolves circulating about the square all moved to the periphery and lay down.
Youll see, Star, Winston said. These are my guys  all of them worked with me on the REX project. Youll find out how much they love me.
The words rang a bit hollow, even in Winstons auditory units. The triumphant expression Star had worn at the RDI had changed to a melancholy, almost pitying smile. 
Yes, well find out, she said.
The whole work crew approached, herded along by Jimmy and Sam. Nobody spoke or called out a greeting.
They must be exhausted, Winston thought, Ill have to tell Jimmy not to work them so hard.
Line up in ranks, men, Jimmy commanded.
The workers assemble themselves into five rows. Winston swelled with pride to see them. Here they were, all gainfully employed thanks to him, displaying excellent discipline and order. Winston strode up before them like a military commander and placed his fists on both hips.
Ill make this brief, guys, he said. Im only here to solicit your frank opinions.
The workers exchanged glances among themselves. They looked off toward the distant mech wolves, then back toward Winston. Nobody spoke.
All I want is for you to tell me how you feel about my leadership as your mayor, Winston said. 
More glances, accompanied by nervous shuffling.
Its all right boys, Winston said, feel free to speak your minds.
Time held still for a moment as the workers gathered themselves to express a single, merciless judgment:
YOU STINK, WINSTON!
The words battered Winston like a storm surge against a wrecked ship. He staggered under their brutal power.
Thats no way to talk to the Boss! Jimmy shouted. 
YOU STINK, WINSTON! seventy speaker units cried again.
All right, youve had your say, Jimmy yelled. Back to work, everybody!
The grumbling workers shuffled back toward the building site. Only Jimmy and Sam remained behind. 
A terrible minute passed as Winston fought to recover his equilibrium. Not since the death of his former master and young Charles had he received such a direct shock.
Are you okay? Star said.
N-no, Im not, Winston said. 
Every circuit thrummed with agitation. Winstons body began to shake, soon he would be out of control. Star wrapped her arms around him and held on tight.
Hang on, baby, she whispered in his left auditory sensor. Im with you.
The horrible trembling finally ceased.
Im sorry, Boss, Jimmy said, but thats how they truly feel. I ...
He looked down at the paving stones. His face expressed more sadness than seemed possible for a metal man robot.
Yes thats pretty obvious, Winston managed to say. 
If it wasnt for the mech wolf guards, all the workers would have quit already, Sam said.
Now Winston was staring at the paving stones. Another minute dragged past.
Begging your pardon, Boss, Jimmy finally said, but this whole project is nuts.
Yes, well, uh ... lets take the rest of day off, shall we? Winston said.
Sure thing, Boss, Jimmy said.
He and Sam moved off to the building site. Winston stood alone with Star, now, gazing off toward the stagnant water. Inside, he felt as blasted as that bomb crater.
How could things have gone so wrong?
Youve got the rest of the day off, Jimmy announced to the workers, courtesy of the Boss.
The workers threw down their tools and stomped away en masse, shoving right past their foremen.
It would appear that employee morale is somewhat low, Winston observed.
The workers trooped past Winston without so much as a glance his direction. They approached the exit of the square by the statue. 
Lets send him a message, boys! somebody shouted.
The workers swarmed around the statue, throwing their massed strength against it. Someone produced a cable. They wrapped it around Winstons edifice and pulled hard in two teams, like in a tug of war. Shouts and laughter echoed around the square.
Hey, stop that! Jimmy cried.
The construction foreman hefted a sledgehammer and bore down on the vandals.
Its okay, Jimmy! Winston called. Leave them alone, please.
Jimmy lowered his weapon and watched helplessly as:
CRACK! 
The heroic statue broke off at the knees. 
THUD! 
It tumbled onto the paving stones.
Oh, my! Star cried.
Forget it, Star, Winston said. I deserved that.


6. Rejection Promenade
The walk back to the REX Hotel dragged on mercilessly. Had he been alone, Winston would have crumpled to the pavement under his burden of humiliation. But Stars firm grip on his arm kept him upright and moving beneath a leaden sky that glowered contempt upon him.
A robot poked his head out of a second-story window. 
You stink, Winston! he cried.
Shut up already! Star yelled back.
Her anger, and the presence of the snarling mech wolf escort deterred further comment from the loud mouth. He withdrew from the window and banged it shut. The street became deathly silent again.
It appears that Im not quite as popular as I once thought, Winston observed.
Pay no attention to that idiot, Star said.
She wanted to comfort Winston some more, utter loving words, tell him that everything was going to be fine. But she dared not. Events had been set in motion that had to be played out. After the ordeal was over, then she could loosen the floodgate and envelop Winston with the affection that was surging in her heart.
Finally, they rounded the corner to the REX. They paused at the front door.
What now, Winston? Star asked.
Please go find Iridium, Winston said, and return with him to my office.
Okay, I can do that, Star said. Do you want me to help you get settled in first?
No thanks, Star ... Id like to be alone for a while.
Ill come back as soon as I can, Star said. Are you sure youll be all right?
A doleful smile creased Winstons face. Yeah, Ill be fine.
He opened the glass door and entered the lobby alone. Impelled by its pneumatic closing devise, the door sealed shut behind him like a coffin lid. 
Star watched him shamble across the lobby to the main staircase. He gripped the banister and looked upward, as if a great mountain slope loomed before him. Star forced herself to turn away.
Well, Id better go find that big softie, she said.
***
Star began walking along the deserted streets toward the center of town, glancing down alleys and into doorways. 
At every one she called: Iri  oh Iri!
Her voice fell flat in the silent air. Mech City seemed like a dead community now  a place that had had its heart ripped out. Over the past several weeks, Star had watched with growing alarm as Winston had gone farther and farther astray down his authoritarian path. Shed come to almost hate him. 
But now she realized how important Winston was to Mech City and to everyone in it. He was the very soul of the place. Nothing decent would exist here if it hadnt been for him  his great courage, his steadfastness. Winston had rescued the town when it was collapsing into despair. Hed battled on against the Roboto Fascist regime when everyone else, including her, had been ready to give up. 
And hed saved her from an unspeakable fate as Fascista Ultimos paramour. Tears began to flow down Stars cheeks.
Iridium emerged from some dead shrubbery along the sidewalk. His coat exactly matched the sticks, but as he moved toward her, it resumed its usual multi-colored shimmering.
Whats wrong, Star? he said. 
Oh, Ive found you at last! Star said.
She knelt and stroked the great canines head. As always he melted at her touch, purring like a big cat.
Youre never far away, are you? Star wiped tears from her eyes. I always feel so safe knowing youre around.
Why are you crying, Iridium said, is it about Winston?
Star nodded. I suppose youve heard what happened today?
Yup. Couldnt happen to a nicer guy.
Iridium immediately regretted his sarcastic remark, and not just because of the pained expression on Stars face. Nostalgic recollections of Winston were also emerging from his memory banks. He, too, had sensed the grim vacuum into which Mech City was falling.
Forget I said that, okay? he said.
Sure, Iri.
Star got back to her feet.
 Please come with me now, she said. Winston wants to see you in his office.
Iridiums coat bristled. 
That doesnt sound like a good idea, he said. The last time I went there things didnt go too well.
I know that Iri-kins, but things are different now. Trust me on that.
Well ... okay, Iridium said.
They walked off together.


7. Changing of the Guard
Winston sat behind his desk and brooded over his collapsed fortunes. How could he have been so wrong about absolutely everything? Until this morning, hed regarded himself as a great and popular leader; but he was really just a hoax, a cardboard facade, a legend in his own brain unit.
All the mech wolf guards currently on duty in the REX crowded his office and the adjacent waiting room, twelve all together. They regarded him with sinister yellow eyes. Their dull brains awaited the next command from his wrist communicator.
Winston swiveled his chair toward the window. How many hours hed stood at that pane of plasti-glass contemplating the bright future marching toward him over the horizon. Hed dreamed of glory, of progress, of a brave new world  one into which he would lead the adoring masses. 
And then: YOU STINK, WINSTON!
He rose and moved to the window for a final look outside. The pavement four stories down beckoned like a dear friend. A swan dive would be just the thing! Nobody would miss him, and ...
The grinding noise of the elevator mechanism entered the office, then the sound of footsteps in the corridor. Winston moved the wrist communicator to his mouth and issued his final order.
Attention!
Every  mech wolf snapped to rigid alertness, every gray coat bristled smartly. Star and Iridium appeared in the doorway. 
Greetings, Exalted Mayor, Star said, do we have permission to enter?
She would never know how much Winston appreciated this last show of respect, however little he might deserve it. He waved them inside and assumed his most official pose, ramrod straight with right hand on hip.
Iridium the Swift, he said. Are you prepared to assume your new duties?
Iri almost responded with an off-handed Sure, pal, but thought better of it. Instead, he snapped to attention with formality matching Winstons.
Yes I am, Exalted Mayor, he replied.
Then by the power vested in me, I hereby designate you Mech Citys security chief, Winston intoned.
With a ceremonial flourish, he unbuckled the communicator from his wrist and attempted to hand it to Iridium. But he couldnt. His arm literally froze in place. An awkward silence commenced.
Please allow me to assist, Exalted Mayor, Star said.
Gently, firmly, she removed the communicator from Winstons grasp and buckled it high up Iridiums left foreleg.
Iridium wished to say something memorable, but the sight of Winstons agonized face silenced him. 
Wow, this is really tough for the guy! he thought. Better get it over with quick.
He lowered his mouth toward the transmitter and tapped the send button with a claw.
Fall in, troops! he ordered.
The mech wolves obediently formed a double line behind him. 
Quick march! Iridium commanded.
The mech wolf unit trotted from the office behind their new leader and clattered down the stairway. 
Star looked on proudly.
Oh, Winston! I admire you more than I can say.
Yes ... well, I suppose we should go see Ajax, Winston said.
Lead on, my hero, Star said.
***
They exited the elevator on the penthouse floor and walked toward Ajaxs executive suite. The hall was empty after the departure of the mech wolf guards; their footsteps on the hardwood floor provided the only sound. 
Winston fumbled with a key ring. Star thought that she would have to assist again, but he found the proper key and opened Ajaxs cell door.
The warrior replica robot turned from his post at the window.
Yes? he said.
Please come out here, Ajax, Winston said. Its time for you to assume your new post.
Surprise shot across Ajaxs face. He glanced at Star for confirmation. She nodded back.
As my gracious leader wishes, Ajax said, bowing.
Again, Winston felt a surge of gratitude for the respect he was being shown. Ajax stepped ponderously into the hallway and stood at attention. His head towered almost to the ceiling.
With trembling hands, Winston removed the Mayors medallion from around his neck and held it out. Ajax lowered himself to one knee, and bowed his head. 
By the power vested in me ... Winstons voice trailed off. Well ... here it is.
He hung the medallion around Ajaxs neck. 
Ajax rose to his full, towering height and placed a fist over his heart in salute.
Thank you, Interim Mayor, he said. I will do my utmost to honor this great office.
Yes, quite so, Winston said. Well, carry on  Mayor Ajax. 
With a few powerful strides, Ajax was at the stairs and descending toward the Mayors suite two floors down. 
Star took Winstons arm and guided him toward the elevator. 
Lets go to my place and relax a little, she said.


8. Entr'acte
Winston sat despondently on the couch in Stars living room, hands folded, gazing at the floor with its exquisite hand-made rug. His optical sensors traced the curlicue patterns twisting around the silk carpet, going nowhere  like his existence.
Around him spread an open, bright space with modernistic furnishings. Gas flames danced in a little fireplace. Abstract paintings adorned the walls, along with posters of romantic movie couples staring dreamily into each others eyes  including Scarlett OHara and Rhett Butler from the 20th century epic Gone with the Wind. The ambiance did nothing to elevate Winstons mood, however. 
Star entered the apartment from the hallway. Winston glanced up. 
Youre back early, he said.
Yeah, Star said, Jack and Quincy are taking the day off, so they didnt need me.
Uh huh, Winston said.
Goodness knows they need a day off, Star said. Theyve been working full blast for weeks.
Winston nodded.
So ... why dont you come outside for a while? Star said. We could take a little stroll.
He did not reply.
Its been five days, already, Star said. Cant you snap out of it?
Winston shrugged indifferently.
Youve hardly left the couch in all that time, Star said.
Winston raised his eyes, but his head remained bowed. 
Whats the use? he said. Everybody hates me.
Nobody hates you, Star said.
Oh yeah? You stink, Winston! Could have fooled me.
Star sat beside him on the couch and caressed the back of his head. For a moment, Winston thought she might flick his deactivation switch. That would be fine  just never turn it back on.
You just werent cut out to be mayor, thats all, Star said.
Imagine that!
Remember what once you told me? Star said. If someone fails in one world, he can succeed in another. Thats from an old novel, isnt it?
Candide, Winston said.
Right, Star said. So, if it was true hundreds of years ago, why cant it still be true now?
Winston shifted his gaze to her wearily.
What am I cut out for, then? he said. I wish somebodyd tell me.
Star kissed his cheek. I think you were made for love.
Right ...
Besides, it was the same with the humans, Star said. Most of their leaders didnt know what they were doing, either.
Thanks, Star. That makes me feel a lot better.
She got up and smoothed her hands along her body, straightening her clothes. This was a gesture that never failed to draw Winstons attention, but now he didnt even notice.
Jimmy stopped by again today, she said. I told him that you werent seeing any visitors yet.
Whats he doing these days? Winston asked.
He and Ajax have been discussing plans for a big water diversion project, Star said. He wanted your input.
Why?
Jimmy said that he doesnt want to work for anybody except the Boss.
An acrid smile disfigured Winstons face. 
I think theyll do fine without me, he said. What else is Mayor Ajax up to?
Hes organizing a big sports event, Star said. He calls it the New Olympic Games.
Makes sense, Winston said, he was modeled after an ancient Greek hero, after all.
Ajax says itll keep everybody occupied until he and Jimmy can organize productive work for them.
What about Iri? Winston asked.
Hes deactivated half the mech wolves and put them in reserve, Star said. Hes sent the rest to the city outskirts to guard against scrapper gangs.
Winston nodded and went back to staring at the carpet. Star observed him for a minute contemplating ...
Then she came to a decision.
Ive got just the thing for us, Winston.
What?
You just wait here a minute, Star said. Ill be right back.
She moved off to her bedroom leaving Winston alone with his gloomy thoughts. He gazed out the picture window at the view from four stories up, envisioning himself broken on the pavement below like his statue in Heroes Square.
I wish I had the courage to jump, he muttered.
He lay down on his back to stare at the ceiling looming above him. Its creamy whiteness seemed to drift off toward infinity. Maybe if he gaped at it long enough, it would carry his mind away from this vale of tears ...
Star returned lugging two large backpacks. She set them on the floor beside the sofa, near Winstons feet.
What are those things for? he asked.
Its time to begin our expedition westward, Star said.
Expedition?
You know, Star said, to find Dr. Jerry Che on the West Coast  so he can make you functional.
I thought that was just a passing fancy.
Dont ever say that to a lady, Winston.
He turned away and buried his face in the sofa cushions. His voice came out muffled:
The probability of Dr. Che having survived must be zero.
We dont know that, Star said. He may have used Dr. Rackenfauzs vaccines.
Winston turned back helplessly. His optical sensors bulged. If hed had the capability, he would have been weeping.
B-but I just cant  
You cant what? Star said. Leave town while youve got this depressed and feeling sorry for yourself thing going?
But the distance to the West Coast must exceed 2,000 kilometers, Winston said.
Star moved to the fireplace and switched off the gas. The flames vanished with finality.
Well stop half way at Pickle Lake Castle for a tune up. She wiggled her fingers. Ive learned a lot helping to repair the battle casualties, you know.
Winston remained immobile. Star returned to the couch and knelt beside him.
Dont you want the conversion? she said. It would open up a whole new world for you  for us.
Why bother with a failure like me? Winston said. Youd only be disappointed.
Let me decide that, Star said.
Well ...
Whats the matter, Winston, dont you think anybody could love you?
At last, her words seemed to penetrate his thick gloom. Slowly, painstakingly, Winston started to rise. His well-maintained joints almost seemed to creak from the effort. 
Oh, all right, Star, he said. I did promise, after all.
He reluctantly hefted a pack, testing its weight. He slipped his arms through the straps.
Nobody can accuse Winston Horvath of being a bull shit artist, as my former master would put it, he said.
Star shouldered on her own pack and led Winston toward the door. Then she stepped back and gestured for him to go first.
Lead on, my hero, she said.
***
Two kick scooters awaited them as they exited the apartment building. Star grabbed one of them and placed a foot on its floor board.
Isnt it great to be outside again? she said.
Winston shaded his eyes against the sun, even though it was shrouded behind thick cloud cover.
I suppose so. He mounted the remaining scooter tentatively. At least no one will regret my departure. 
Dont be so sure about that, Star said. Theyll appreciate your true worth sooner or later.
Right.
They kicked off into the early morning. Star light and vigorous on her machine, Winston trailing ponderously behind.
Mech City rolled past, quiet and serene, until they reached Heroes Square. The place was empty now, as work on the new Mayors Palace had been abandoned. Ajaxs first act as mayor had been to cancel the entire project.
Winston and Star scootered into the empty plaza. Battle ghosts seemed to attend the place  masses of slain mech birds, metal men damaged beyond repair, snarling mech wolves  and beneath it all, the hulking presence of Fascista Ultimo.
A light wind and some tumbling debris made the only sounds, besides their wheels humming on the pavement. They paused before Winstons statue. 
Well, what to you know, Star said.
The statue had been restored to its pedestal and its broken legs repaired. The inscription on the medallion was changed from Mayor to Hero. 
Winston straightened up, his dejection suddenly flew away to join the ghosts fluttering about the square.
Thats not half bad! he said.
See what I mean? Star said. Theyve come around already  theyll miss you, all right.
Yes, Winston said, they just might, after all. 
Off we go! Star cried.
She took off fast. Winston caught up, they moved energetically side by side. Unobserved by them, a mech wolf emerged from hiding and trotted away.


9. New Vistas Beckon
Hours later, Winston and Star were travelling through open countryside along the familiar westward route. The same barren low hills, eroded fields, and dead trees awaited them. A thick overcast glowered above, through which the sun poked intermittently. The usual tough, ugly plants grew in the roadside ditches, their thorny foliage hissing in the breeze. 
The world looked fine to Winston, though. The grim realities of the past week had tumbled off his shoulders like an unbearable weight, leaving him buoyant above his whizzing scooter wheels. 
And he was free from the burden of running Mech City. He didnt miss the mayors job at all!
Well ... that wasnt really true. A large part of him yearned for the power hed lost and would have snatched it back if the opportunity arose. But it wouldnt arise, so it was better to make a virtue out of necessity, as Dr. Horvath would phrase it, and move on to new vistas.
More patches of weeds grew out in the fields, and something new, as well  low grassy plants carpeted some areas, reaching heights of fifteen or twenty centimeters. Their effect was subtle, correct, as if they truly belonged  unlike the spiky, alien-looking weeds. Winstons optical sensors quickly got used to the new greenery, accepting its presence.
They paused atop a rise for an afternoon break. Winston pulled out his road atlas to verify their position. Star looked briefly over his shoulder at the map, then turned her attention to the surrounding countryside.
Is it just me, or do things look better now? she said. 
Winston glanced up from the atlas. 
I believe your observation is objectively accurate, he said. There is more greenery now, of a better quality, and the air seems fresher  though I lack an atmospheric analyzer to verify the data.
Star nestled up against him. Its a great day for a fresh start, huh?
Indeed. Winston stroked his chin thoughtfully. An extended growing season must be a partial explanation. 
Oh?
Ordinarily this would be late autumn, Winston said, but the warm weather has been unnaturally prolonged.
Star pulled away. 
Winstons about as romantic as those weeds over there, she thought sourly.
The sun was out now, as the overcast had temporarily vacated a wide swath of sky. Star felt uncomfortable under the rays. Not because of the warmth, but because of what it might herald  a mech bug swarm like the one that had assailed them during their first trip to Pickle Lake. The horrid little creatures preferred brightness, when their power reserves were bolstered by solar energy. 
She checked the sky for any trace of them, saw nothing. 
Id imagine that some years will pass before normal weather patterns reestablish themselves, Winston said.
How interesting, Star replied.
Yes, very.
Star walked a few paces away to nurse her frustration. Winston returned to his road atlas.
Give him time, she thought, hes only just emerged from his funk.
The idea cheered her a little but did not dispel her growing unease. Something seemed to be in the air, even if she couldnt see it. Or maybe it was just her female intuition run amok. Hopefully, thats all it was. It had happened more than once before. 
But a gnawing sense of dread remained.
She glanced along the road ahead. A drain pipe some distance away could offer protection from a mech bug attack. They were always on the lookout for possible refuges  abandoned vehicles, buildings, any sort of cave or tunnel. Shed packed tennis rackets and heavy plastic sheeting in case they were caught out in the open.
If we can maintain this pace, Winston was saying, we should reach Pickle Lake Castle in ... Id estimate thirteen days, although the humans considered that to be an unlucky number.
Why? Star asked.
There are various theories, Winston said. The humans were good at messing up their lives with foolish superstitions. Ive often speculated that it was a compensating mechanism. 
Star had no idea what Winston was driving at. His intellect was far beyond anything shed ever encountered  except for Dr. Rackenfauz, perhaps. Still, she found it best to humor him during his philosophical ramblings.
How could a superstition about a number be a compensating mechanism? she asked.
It kind of kept things in balance, I suppose, Winston said. The higher a species intellect, the dumber the restrictions it placed upon itself. I cant imagine that dogs or apes paid much attention to numerology.
Uh huh.
Did you know that many battles commenced on holidays because one side was too preoccupied with religious observance to notice an approaching threat? Winston said.
Really? Star said. 
Yes, Winston said. There was the Sunday Pearl Harbor attack, the Yom Kippur war, the Tet offensive  not to mention George Washingtons Christmas assault on the Hessian mercenaries.
Winston shook his head indulgently, as if he was discussing the antics of small children instead of key episodes in human history.
All of Western civilization nearly went down the drain because Sparta was having a religious festival and didnt send more than three hundred men to oppose the Persian invasion. Why ...
Stars uneasiness increased as Winstons voice droned on. Was he too preoccupied with his own ramblings to be unaware of an approaching threat? She looked up into the sky again, and there it was  a huge, dark mass flying toward them from the northeast.
Winston.
Yes?
We need to get moving.
In a minute, Winston said.
Now! Star cried.
Winston followed her gaze skyward, his face mirrored her shock. The great cloud was closing fast. There was no mistaking what it was  a swirling mass of mech bugs with tiny crazed brains and sharp pincers aching to rip. A smaller cloud followed the main body, adding to the nightmare effect.
Star leaped onto her scooter. Theres drain pipe ahead!
She took off. Winston brought up the rear, using the brute power of his legs to keep up with Stars superior coordination. The road blazed past under their wheels.
Winston glanced back over his shoulder, then ahead again. The mech bug cloud was much closer now, but so was the drain pipe. With luck theyd just make it ...
Star glanced over her shoulder now at the looming threat. She turned back too late to see the pot hole. Her front wheel struck it.
Oh!
Her scooter careened onto the gravel shoulder, out of control, then plummeted down the slope. She tumbled after it into the ditch. The horrid event seemed to pass before Winstons optical sensors in nightmare slow motion.
Star!
He abandoned his scooter and ran down the slope. Star had regained her feet, the mech bugs swirled directly above her now. 
Well have to fight our way there! Winston cried.
They yanked tennis rackets and heavy plastic sheets out of their packs. 
Keep moving, no matter what, Winston said. Leave me if you have to.
No way Im leaving you behind, Winston!
They covered themselves with the sheets and hefted their rackets.
Come on you bastards! Winston shouted.
The black, lethal cloud descended upon them like a club. Winston and Star swung their rackets mightily, taking down scores of the creatures, but many more took their place. Thousands of vicious little pincers snapped for them, piercing the plastic sheets.
BZZRT! PTEW! 
Mech bugs littered the dust, but thousands more polluted the air. Winston and Star tried to force them way through, as if they were battling a tempest.
Winston!
Stars plastic sheet fluttered away in the bug tornado. Winston flung his own sheet over her. He stood exposed now, swatting two-handed with his racket. The bugs pressed their attack, oblivious to their losses. Winstons pressure sensors detected the intrusion of hundreds of pincers.
Keep going! Winston howled over the maelstrom.
He tried to force his way toward the drain pipe, but the crushing weight of the attack was bringing him down. Star flung half the sheet over him, together they flailed away, struggling toward the refuge. It seemed impossibly far off. 
Then ...


10. Old Friends Appear
A violent cacophony of cheeps and fluttering wings exploded above them as a flock of mech birds slammed into the insects. 
Whoo-ee! Winston yelled.
The mayhem swirled like a tornado as the black, robin-sized birds mauled the insect cloud like sharks tearing through a school of mackerel. 
Insect bodies cascaded like hail  crushed, decapitated, pincers still snapping with futile viciousness. Birds snatched off the bugs that had been gouging at Winston. Others picked the attackers from Stars skin and hair.
Thats it! Winston hoisted his tennis racket in salute. Tear em up!
But his elation soon began to wane. Where had the birds come from, he wondered, and what was their true purpose? Star shared his misgivings.
Do you think theyll come after us next? she shouted over the mayhem.
I sure hope not, Winston said.
But I thought Ajax deactivated all the mech birds, Star said. 
Maybe theyre from a different flock, Winston said, a crazy one.
The insect swarm was scattering now. Birds darted after the survivors, cheeping ferociously, aching to rip and crush. They appeared to be crazed with slaughter. Had their tiny brains deteriorated like those of so many other robotic life forms  were they in the psychotic grip of the Che Syndrome?
Winston hoisted his backpack. Wed better get under cover. 
They hurried to the drain pipe, crushing stricken insects underfoot. The bugs were so thick in spots that Winston nearly lost his footing, but Star gripped his arm and held him up. When they finally got to the pipe, Winston shoved his backpack into the mouth, pushing it in as far as it would go.
Now you, he said
Star doffed her backpack and wedged herself into the drain pipe, feet first. Her shoulders and hips barely cleared the edge.
Ooo, I dont like this much!
Winston glanced around for any sign of attacking birds. There were none yet, but the maddened cheeps indicated that things could turn lethal any moment.
Get in here, Winston, Stars voice echoed from the dark interior. 
He slithered into the pipe and blocked the entrance with Stars backpack. The noise from the slaughter outside became muffled.
Star curled her arms around Winstons legs and held on tight.
Im scared, Winston!
Me, too ... just try to stay calm, all right?
Ghastly memories of the previous time hed hidden in such a place barged into Winstons mind. He recalled vividly the terror and claustrophobia  the sense that some creature had grabbed hold of his legs. A scream prepared to burst out from his deepest fears.
Stop it, Winston! 
He had to be strong. It was Star hanging onto him now, not some bogey man. He had to protect her, he couldnt give in ...
Time dragged past in the mysterious, fetid environment. Without external references, Winston could not tell for certain how long they remained entombed. Finally, the world outside turned quiet. Winston felt a drip of icy water running down his back that he hadnt noticed earlier.
Id better go take a look, he said.
Okay. Stars voice was small and frightened.
The cramped, reeking confines suddenly felt much more comfortable to Winston  relative to whatever might be lurking outside, that is. He steeled himself and pushed the backpack out of the tunnel, revealing a circle of daylight. The usual dull gray, but beautiful nonetheless. 
Winston held on to the backpack, ready to jerk it into place at the first hint of danger. Nothing yet. He inched himself forward until his whole head protruded, still no sign of trouble. 
Im getting out now, he said.
Be careful, Winston!
Sure ... dont worry ... I will.
Winston exited fully and got to his feet, looking every direction for mech birds. He spotted them some distance to the west, flying in a circular pattern like a black, lazy hurricane cloud. 
I dont think they mean to attack us, He called back into the drain pipe. They almost seem to be waiting for something.
Stars head poked out of the drain pipe, like some angelic vision emerging from a cesspool. Winston pulled her out into the daylight, then crawled back in, head first, to retrieve his backpack.
When he came out again, Star was brushing herself off disgustedly. Her clothes were wet and tattered, and dead mech bugs were tangled in her hair.
Are you all right, Star?
Yes ... I think so.
Winston examined the network of scratches on his arms and torso. So much for my new paint job, eh? 
His fear had finally begun to retreat. Then it wrenched into super drive again. 
Yow!
Two mech wolves were approaching along the ditch  fangs bared, eyes leering.
Whatre they doing here? Star cried.
I dont know  maybe theyre renegades.
Winston pulled metal rods out of his pack and assembled them into a spear. Star grabbed a club out of her own pack. They stood prepared for battle. The mech wolves halted their advance a few meters away and went into a crouch, their coats bristling.
Relax, a familiar voice called from the road above them. Everything is under control.
The mech wolves retreated obsequiously. Winston and Star swiveled their heads so see Iridium looking casually down at them. 
Iri! Star cried.
She rushed up the slope and embraced the great canine, smothering his face with kisses. Winston felt a burst of conflicting emotions  relief, befuddlement, joy, and more than a little exasperation.
Would you mind telling us whats going on? he said. 
I brought some reinforcements, Iridium said. You didnt think Id let you run off unprotected, did you?
Youre so wonderful, Iri! Star said.
Iridium basked in the praise, but Winston was rather annoyed by Stars outpouring. Why wasnt she kissing him and praising his heroics?
Are there any more wolves? Winston asked.
No, Iridium said. I can handle two of them without the communicator. More than that and they might be handling us.
So, where is the communicator? Winston said. I only just gave it to you.
I passed it on to Ajax, Iridium  said. In return, he loaned us five hundred of his mech birds.
This is all very cozy, Winston said.
Sorry pal, Iridium said, but Ajax needs those wolves to guard Mech City. Actually, he appointed Jimmy as interim security chief.
Jimmy? Star said.
Yes, Iridium replied, Ajax said he didnt want too much power in his own hands.
Thats wise, Winston muttered.
He began climbing up the slope. His progress was awkward, unlike the effortless dash Star had made. She gripped his hand and assisted him up the final stretch.
Winston, you didnt even thank Iri for helping us, she said in a low voice.
Of course Winston felt gratitude, but why did Iridium have to be so damn capable? How many more times would he save the day while he, Winston, could only blunder along?
Winston was being a petty jerk and knew it. By the time he reached Iridium, the last shreds of annoyance had vanished, replaced by awed respect.
Thanks Iridium, he said. We owe you a lot.
Iridium nodded. Sure thing.
No hard feelings, then? Winston said. I mean, about the events in Mech City and all.
Of course not, pal, Iridium said. 
He sat up like a huge puppy dog and offered his right paw. After some astonished hesitation, Winston shook it.
Yes, well ... ahem, Winston said. Shall we get moving?
You two go on ahead, Iridium said, well bring up the rear.


11. The Road Unwinds
The days blurred past for Winston and Star as they retraced the route theyd taken to Pickle Lake Castle months earlier. Things went much smoother this time under the protection of the bird umbrella and with the guard detail of Iridium and the mech wolves bringing up the rear.
They passed the same derelict towns, the same pile ups of abandoned motor vehicles. Dust devils still howled. But the countryside was definitely less barren than it had been before. Green or fresh were certainly not adjectives that came to mind to describe the landscape, but to an experienced eye, the battle for biological life seemed to be turning a corner for the better.
Had Winston and Star been human, they might have exalted in their progress, taken pride in their strengthening muscles. But they had already been in peak condition whey theyd started the journey. All that concerned them was that their mechanical parts would hold up to the stress of constant motion  which they did, gratifyingly well. 
Star had been constructed of top-grade components from the beginning, and Winstons various upgrades had moved him beyond the frail scholar model robot hed started out to be. Dr. Horvaths financial resources had not been adequate to fund a robust physical plant to match Winstons great intellect. But the situation had largely been overcome, now that money was no longer an object.
Winston came to not mind the long, brain-numbing hours on the road, as long as Star led the way, her graceful body controlling the scooter on the downward runs, her hips swaying as she walked, the occasional backward glance she would send his way ...
The mad rush of power hed experienced as mayor had worn off, replaced by other priorities  Star priorities. He began to wonder what it would be like to possess the sensuous form gliding along ahead of him, how a physical coupling with her might feel. Could a heaven on earth really exist, as Star claimed?
He tried to put such notions out of his mind, however. The mission they were on could not possibly succeed. Winston knew that well, but he would rather have been permanently deactivated than shatter Stars illusions. 
Brutal reality would shatter her illusions soon enough.
At night, the mech birds formed themselves into a heap and assumed inactive mode en masse. Iridium shared watch duty with Winston and Star. The two mech wolves  Fang and Ripper Winston had named them in honor of the wolves once assigned to him by Fascista Ultimo  remained on hair trigger alert, ready to snap back into active mode at the slightest provocation.
The original Fang and Ripper had been torn apart by Iridium to open their escape route from Mech City. Hopefully, things would turn out better this time.
The blackness was less silent now. The whirs and chirps of insect life forms populated it, and the occasional sound of little animals moving through the weeds. The world seemed to be stirring awake from its long nightmare, its faint pulse being most detectable in the nocturnal hours.
They passed through the devastated region of bomb craters with hardly a pause. The collapsed bridge over the river near King Vicente Towne barely slowed their progress, mech birds simply carried them over the deep chasm.
***
Star began to follow their route along the spider traces of the road atlas. Every kilometer brought them closer to Dr. Jerry Che  if he was still alive, if they could find him in the vast city sprawling along the west coast.
But she knew that they would find him, as only one of his creations could possibly know it. Did she represent some ideal woman that Dr. Che could not hope to win in the world of humankind  was she modeled after some lost love? Hed made her in the image of a fully-functional human woman to satisfy some craving deep within his psyche. 
This craving seemed to call to her over the vast, empty countryside, drawing her ever westward. Yes, she would find Dr. Che.
Winston did not share her faith. He tried to cover up his skepticism, but she knew that he had only come on this expedition because he didnt want to hurt her  and that sense of personal honor he had! Hed rather step off a cliff than break a promise. He was the real reason shed been created, Star knew, the only thing that made her continued existence worthwhile.
Or was her certainty about Dr. Che merely an illusion  was he now just another human corpse crumbling away to nothingness? The idea was far too terrifying to contemplate, Star pushed it out of her mind.
***
Were making excellent progress, Winston said one evening as they pulled over for their rest period. We should reach Pickle Lake Castle right on schedule, many slightly ahead of schedule.
Yeah, well ... Iridium said.
You look worried, Iri, Star said. Why?
Its just that things are going so smoothly, Iridium said.
Whats wrong with that? Star said.
Nothing, Iridium said. Im just waiting for the other shoe to drop.
Winston laughed. 
Thats an interesting expression for a quadruped to use, he said.
Iridium gave Winston an irritated look, then moved off to join Fang and Ripper.
I was only trying to cheer him up a bit, Winston said. Hes always so grim.
Star pulled a brush out of her pack and ran it through her luxuriant dark hair. The movement nearly fried Winstons circuits with its easy sensuality.
I think Dr. Rackenfauz programmed Iri to always look at the down side, she said.
Sure, that must be it, Winston replied. Dr. Rackenfauz is a pretty downer type guy himself ... isnt he?
His words tumbled out fast and agitated. Star looked his way, enjoying his obvious distress. She made another long, lazy stroke through her hair.
What about you, Winston, she said, how do things appear from your perspective?
Uh ... never better, Winston said.
He tore his eyes from Star and gazed off into the darkening landscape. The futility of their mission mocked him from the shadows.


12. More Old Friends Appear
On the twelfth day, they came to a region of great rolling hills with dramatic snow-peaked mountains looming in the distance. They paused to admire the view.
Oh, theyre so beautiful! Star cried.
She nestled close to Winston. He wrapped an arm over her shoulders.
Yes, those mountains are quite impressive, he said.
Remember the first time we were here, Winston? Star said. Wasnt it romantic? 
Uh ... yeah, Winston said.
We were standing on this very spot when we first caught sight of those mountains, Star said. Remember? We were beginning to think that wed never find them.
Winston could not suppress a shudder as traumatic images vomited up from his memory banks. He groped reflexively for his replacement left lower leg, felt its reassuring presence. 
It was wonderful until that scrapper gang showed up, he said.
Star nestled closer and stroked the back of Winstons cranium.
Yes, they were horrible, she said, but Iri took care of them. Lets try to remember only the good part, okay?
Okay, Star.
With a powerful effort of will, Winston shut off the jumble of terrifying mental images  the battle with the scrappers, the destruction of his leg, the horror of watching Star being carried off by the gang. He pulled Star closer to himself, enjoying her soft presence. A cool breeze wafted across his temperature sensors.
***
A half dozen desperado robots of various types loitered about the high rocks. Their battered vehicle was parked nearby on the secondary dirt road. One of the scrappers stood exposed on a boulder gazing through binoculars at the terrain below.
Over there, Chief! he cried. Looks like easy pickings.
Bert joined the lookout, moving adeptly up the rock pile despite the fact that he was missing one arm. He brought his own binoculars up to his optical sensors. The view below him froze his circuits.
Its them again! he snarled.
Who? the lookout said.
Berts growing rage did not permit him to answer. 
He wanted nothing more than to charge down the slope and settle matters with the blue robot and his strange, female-like companion. But there were others with them  a large flock of birds flying above, and coming behind ...
Easy pickings, eh? Bert said Take a look back there.
He indicated the wolf trio following the two-legged robots. The lookout moved his binoculars over.
Wow! I didnt see them before, Chief, he said.
Moron, Bert said. I dont know why I waste time with you bunch.
Sorry, Chief, the lookout said.
Bert stabbed a finger toward Iridium.
That rainbow creature down there took off my arm and destroyed our whole crew  by himself, he said. Now hes got two buddies with him!
I see what you mean, the lookout said.
Bert stroked his ravaged shoulder where Iridium had torn off his arm months before.
Without my arm, at least I was narrow enough to hide in an old burrow while that monster killed off the others, he said. 
He perused the sky.
Lets get down from here before those birds spot us.
They jumped back down to the dirt road. The rest of the scrappers gathered around, theyd already heard Berts angry remarks and did not want to come in for more verbal abuse.
What are we gonna do, Chief? one of them asked.
Well just keep an eye on them for now, Bert said. Everybody pile in.
The scrappers returned to their truck. Bert got in the drivers seat and drove the vehicle under a rock overhang where it could not be seen from above.
Then he got out again and moved to open ground, scanning the air for mech birds.
Well get them, sooner or later. He stroked his maimed shoulder again. Youve got my word on that.


Part Two: Pickle Lake Convulsions


13. The Castle
Finally, after numberless hours of grueling effort, the travelers arrived at the mountainous environs of their midpoint destination and the promise of a tune up in Dr. Rackenfauzs vacated workshop. 
They stood in the parking area by the trailhead enjoying a brief period of rest. Before them rose a concrete stairway, then a dirt footpath running through a hillside of dead forest. At their feet lay a metal sign riddled with bullet holes: 
Trail to Pickle Lake Castle
We made it in precisely thirteen days, Winston said, just as predicted.
Star kissed his cheek. Youre always right about everything, Winston!
Iridium looked on sourly. Gee, it doesnt seem like a minute over twelve and three quarter days, he said.
Star stroked the great canines chin. As always, he softened at her touch.
Youre such a cutie, Iridium, she said. Are we ready to visit the castle?
Sure thing, Star, Iridium replied.
He gestured to the mech birds swirling overhead. They began to form themselves into lifting teams for the earth-bound robots. Some of them tried to pick up Fang and Ripper, but the cowering mech wolves would have none of it. They rushed to Iridiums side, whining with fear.
Looks like they dont want to travel air express, Winston said.
Yeah, theyve got bad memories about these birds, Iridium said. Id better walk up with them.
Okay, meet you at the castle, then, Winston said.
The birds had secure hold of him now, and he began to lift off his feet. Star rose up beside him.
Bye-ee! she called, blowing a kiss.
Happy landings, Iridium said.
***
Soon Winston and Star were beyond the dead zone and flying over a belt of green, rejuvenating forest  then they were past the tree line and into the high mountains with cooling temperatures. The sky shone a radiant blue. They shouted to make themselves heard above the massed flapping of wings.
Its even more wonderful than I remembered! Star said.
Yes, quite! Winston replied. I believe the amount of greenery has increased since our last visit.
Below them sprawled the curved, bumpy contours of  Pickle Lake with its group of small islands spelling out the word: 
KOSHER
Do you think Dr. Rackenfauz really saw human corpses around that lake, Star said, or was he just hallucinating?
I suspect his report was accurate, Winston said. A religious cult once occupied the castle. They must have all died together in the final plague.
Such a pity, Star said.
A large building with two wings and a high central tower came into view among the crags  a scaled down replica of the building on Sergeant Fridays badge from the old Dragnet TV show.
Pickle Lake Castle! Winston and Star cried together. 
***
The birds set them down at the front gate and deposited the backpacks alongside. Then they departed en masse for their old roost in the uppermost tower chamber.
That was fun! Star said.
Indeed it was, Winston agreed.
Star nestled up to him and wrapped her arms around his waist.
I can think of something thats a lot more fun, she said.
Oh? 
Yes, Star said, its waiting for us at the end of the road. 
She meant his conversion by Dr. Che, of course, and resultant sexual fireworks that Winston couldnt even begin to imagine. Such high hopes she had about that! 
Winston himself harbored no delusions, but he still managed to utter: Yes, I certainly hope so.
Star withdrew, sensing his profound doubt. A rather melancholy silence followed.
Well, Winston finally said, I suppose we should wait for Iri to arrive before we go in.
Star nodded. That would be best.
She moved away across the stone portico and took in the magnificent panorama. Great mountain peaks marched off into the hazy distance as if they would never end. So much beauty had survived in the world! 
Then why did her life have such emptiness at its center? Well, the answer to that was obvious  she was made for love, but the world could not accommodate her, at least not yet. But the future marched ahead, like those mountains, and nobody could tell where it would lead.
She turned back toward Winston.
What do know you about that religious group? she asked.
Not much, Winston said. My former master came here some years ago to investigate them, she thought they were pretty scary.
Where did they come from?
I dont know, Winston said. I was not able to read her full report, just a few pages of the executive summary.
Then he recalled a news article he had once read in the Mech City library, and the enigmatic inscriptions hed seen at the old REX.
They might also have had a connection with Mech City at one time, he said. The REX hotel, no less. 
Really?
Winston nodded. That would have been several years before the wars and plagues started.
Well, they picked a nice place for their last stand, Star said. Its like a little piece of heaven up here.
Heaven, yes ... 
For some undefined reason, Winston felt apprehensive. He glanced up at the tower windows.
I wish Iridium would get here, he said.
***
Late afternoon shadows were stabbing across the portico when Iridium came trotting up accompanied by the two mech wolves. They were all the same size and moved with identical stealth. Iridiums shimmering coat and the noble intelligence in his eyes distinguished him from his lesser companions.
At first glance, Fang and Ripper looked identical to each other. But a closer examination revealed that Rippers coat sported a damaged patch on the chest  a token of the great battle in Heroes Square when it had fought on the side of Fascista Ultimo. 
No wonder it was terrified of the birds who had inflicted most of the mech wolf casualties. Star waved joyously.
Hello Iri, she said, did you enjoy the walk?
Wonderful, Iridium said. Just like old times.
He looked toward the birds streaming in and out through the uppermost tower windows.
Looks like the birds remember their old roost, he said.
Thats fine for them, Star said, but Im sure not going up there again.
Winston shuddered. A vivid recollection of the grim, funereal topmost chamber arose from his personal memory banks. He saw again the black carpet, the blood red drapes, the gas flame torches  and Ajaxs severed head resting horribly upon its cushion.
Amen to that, he said.
Well, lets get started, Star said.
She pushed against the gate which began to move on creaky hinges. Winston helped her open it the rest of the way. 
Soon they were all standing in the bare, cavernous entry hall. In contrast to the cheery brightness outside, the atmosphere in here was cold, uninviting, and very spooky.
Can we hurry things along? Iridium said. This joint gives me the creeps.
Why Iri, Star said, youre always so concerned about such little things.
It helps keep the big things from going wrong, Iridium said.
Winston approached the stairs to the left wing. 
This isnt my favorite place, either, he said. Lets get to the workshop.
Lead on, my hero, Star said.
Oh, please, Iridium muttered.
They ascended the dim, granite stairway. Iridium and the mech wolves brought up the rear, quiet and stealthy. Star led the procession with easy grace. Winston, however, betrayed his more primitive physical capabilities by shuffling along noisily. He tried to obscure his awkwardness with conversation.
This is a bit like the House on Haunted Hill, he observed.
That sounds pretty accurate, Star said.
I wonder how my former master would feel if she knew I was entering the left wing, Winston said.
What? Iridium said.
Uh, nothing, Winston said. Just a rather lame political jest. Dr. Horvath was a very conservative individual, you see.
Right, Iridium said.
Rather far right, I should say, Winston observed, although she could be surprisingly liberal on certain issues. She once told me that  
WHOOSH!
Gas torches jutting from the wall abruptly flared into life.
Oh! Star cried.
Winston gripped the wall for dear life. He was also badly rattled that he nearly lost his footing. Iridium remained his usual imperturbable self, though.
How do those things work? he said.
Winston took a few seconds to regain his composure, much to Iridiums amusement.
Dr. Rackenfauz told me theres a big gas reservoir under the castle, Winston said. enough to last for quite a while.
One more day is good enough for me, Iridium said. I dont want to see this dump ever again.
Dr. Rackenfauz must have forgotten to shut down the automatic ignition system when he left, Winston said. Odd ... that doesnt really seem like him. Hes so methodical.
Well, it works to our benefit, Star said. I dont know the first thing about ignition systems. Do you, Winston?
No.
Jimmy could figure it out, Iridium said.
Yes, Jimmy ... Winston stroked his chin contemplatively. It was less than three weeks since hed last seen the construction robot, but it seemed much longer than that. So much had transpired! 
Three weeks ago, Winston had been the all-powerful mayor with everyone at his beck and call. Now he was least capable robot clumping his way up the stairs while the real leader of the expedition walked confidently behind him on four legs. Back in Mech City, Jimmy would be humming along with fresh construction projects under the direction of the towering Greek hero robot, Ajax.
How had all this happened? He recalled a colorful expression of his former Master: Things have gone from sugar to shit.
A terrible sense of loss barged into Winstons consciousness. He felt a sudden impulse to fling himself down the stairs and terminate his diminished existence. Were it not for Stars glorious presence, he just might have done it. 
Get a grip, Winston!
He pushed his melancholia aside and brought himself back to the present circumstances.
Maybe Dr. Rackenfauz wanted to burn off as much gas as possible, he said. He characterized the reservoir as a time bomb waiting to go off.
Theres a cheery thought, Iridium said.
So, how does everybody feel? Star said.
Quite well, considering the distance weve traveled, Winston said. My cranial rotation mechanism is a bit slow, however.
Some cleaning and lube will take care of that, Star said. What about you, Iri?
My hind quarters are getting stiff, Iridium said. It feels like the replacement components might not hold up much longer.
We could scrap out a mech wolf for parts, couldnt we, Star? Winston said.
Iridium glanced back at Fang and Ripper.
Not so loud, pal, he said. I dont know how much those guys can understand.
Yes, quite so ... Winston said.
He chanced an apprehensive glimpse at the mech wolves. They leered back at him, eyes glowing in the dim light. Winston was grateful for Iris presence between himself and the menace.
***
They mounted the last flight of stairs without further conversation and  entered Dr. Rackenfauzs workshop. A dreadful surprise awaited.
Good grief! Winston ejaculated.
Gracious! Star cried.
The place had been completely trashed. The work benches were tipped over, broken tools and smashed robotic components littered the floor. Shattered glass lay everywhere. Winston and Star shuffled through the wreckage in a nightmare daze.
Oh, man, I cant believe this! Winston said.
Looks like were out of luck, Iridium said.
I-I dont understand, Star said. Dr. Rackenfauz said he was leaving everything intact. Why would he do this?
He must have been having a really bad day, Winston said. Or maybe  
Or maybe somebody else did it, an ominous voice behind them said.
The robots spun around. 


14. Night of the Visionists
A fearsome man stood in the doorway aiming an assault rifle at them. Other humans crowded behind him peering into the workshop, including a number of bedraggled women. All of them were clad in shapeless overalls or other nondescript clothing.
Stay right where you are, demon spawn! the man ordered.
The robots froze in place.
My gosh, Winston thought, weve stumbled into an insane asylum!
The man confronting them was tall and gaunt, with a fringe of gray hair circling his bald head. Beard stubble covered his face, and his eyes held a burning, malevolent intensity. In some ways, he appeared to a be psychotic doppelganger of Dr. Rackenfauz.
Several of the men hefted guns  and a single woman, too. She looked to be about 40, though her fierce demeanor made her seem older than that. She was tall and angular, her eyes smoldered with furious hatred. Frizzy red hair, liberally mixed with gray, surrounded her skull.
Medusa was the first moniker that popped into Winstons head, followed immediately by, Bride of Frankenstein.
Uh ... whom do we have the honor of addressing? Winston asked.
A flicker of surprise crossed the bald mans face. He glanced back at his companions.
This one has an education, he said. A real diplomat!
Thank you, Winston said.
Some of the humans laughed, if their shrill, grating twitters could be considered laughter. Others just looked on, wide-eyed and fearful. 
Theyre  more scared of that guy than I am, Winston thought. 
He took advantage of the momentarily relaxed vigilance to step in front of Star.
Not that it matters what your sort knows or doesnt know, the man said, but I am chief acolyte of the Holy Temple of the Transcendent Vision.
A bolt of terror shot through Winstons circuits, though he did his best to conceal it.
Pleased to meet you, your Acolyte-ship, he said with a deferential bow. We are  
Can we blast them now, Chief Acolyte? the Medusa woman asked.
The chief acolyte turned toward her. If she was the bride of Frankenstein, then he certainly qualified as best man in the wedding party.
As soon as Farther gives us the go-head, he said, not before.
Crap! the woman said.
Patience, Sister Reedy, the chief acolyte said. Ill request that you be granted first pick when the time comes.
Good, Sister Reedy said, gesturing toward Star. I want the bitch.
Winston tried to spread himself out more in front of Star. Now, just a moment  
Awoooo! Iridium howled
He charged the humans, fangs bared. They all shrank back, except for the chief acolyte and Sister Reedy who contemptuously stood their ground. Just short of reaching them, Iridium froze in place, unable to overcome his programming against attacking humans. 
yip ... yip ... he whined.
The chief acolyte and Sister Reedy laughed derisively. The others, overcoming their terror, also began laughing.
This one should make a nice carpet, Sister Reedy said.
She smacked Iridium hard with her rifle butt. The great canine tumbled away like a discarded toy. Fang and Ripper trailed after him, whimpering.
Stop that, you bully! Star cried.
Sister Reedy threw a murderous look Stars direction. Her finger twitched on the firing mechanism of her assault rifle.
Iridium scrambled up, dashed to the window and began howling. His powerful voice echoed off the surrounding cliffs like the crack of doom. Hundreds of mech birds exited the tower and swooped down en masse. Iri motioned to them frantically. 
Hes summoning the demons! one of the men cried.
The birds flooded in through the window with a deafening cacophony of chirps and tweets. They swirled around ominously in a dark, terrifying whirlpool. Then they began to meld into a threatening human-shaped composite creature towering toward the ceiling. 
All the humans, except for the chief acolyte and Sister Reedy, gasped with fear.
Wheres Father? they cried. Save us! ... Its the devil incarnate! 
Not quite, the chief acolyte sneered.
He strolled boldly toward the bird creature, unfazed by its terrifying size. He stopped before it  and craned his neck to see the monstrositys uppermost region near the ceiling. Sister Reedy trailed after him.
Thats some trick, the chief acolyte said. Now get out.
The bird creature quivered uncertainly.
Get out! Sister Reedy shrieked.
The creature began to waver and tilt, like a great tower on the verge of collapse. Then it abruptly disintegrated. Hundreds of mech birds scattered out the window like frightened chickens. The humans let out a savage cheer.
The chief acolyte turned back toward the others, a grin of cruel triumph slashing across his face like a knife wound. There were about at least forty of them now inside the workshop or gathered in the hallway. Some looked fanatical and overflowing with hatred, like himself. Most of them were just frightened and cowed.
And to think how many of you feared these winged things when the old man was here, the chief acolyte said.
He laughed disdainfully, the others joined in. Many seemed to be reacting on cue  as if they were afraid not to laugh. 
Didnt Father tell you that the threat would pass? Sister Reedy said. You of little faith!
The laughter abruptly stopped. Fear crept back into many faces. Clearly Sister Reedy was a power to be reckoned with.
The chief acolyte turned to one of the armed men. Brother Ralph!
A short, chubby man stepped out of the crowd and snapped to attention.
Yes, Chief Acolyte!
Notify Father that we have visitors. 
As ordered, Chief Acolyte! 
Brother Ralph trotted off down the hallway.  
Utter silence descended upon the room like a burial shroud. 


15. Enter the Savior
Robots and humans regarded each other across the workshop with black suspicion. Fingers twitched on gun triggers, hatred and fear polluted the air like a new round of plague. 
How did we get into this jam? Winston marveled.
Ohhh, this is all my fault! Star thought.
Whyd we ever leave Mech City? Iri groaned.
Then, as if drawn by some irresistible force, heads began turning until all eyes fixated on the doorway. Winston kept himself between it and Star, trying to shield her from whomever might arrive.
Iri nestled up against her and received a head stroke in return.
Im sorry, Star, he said in a low voice. It was the best I could do.
Hush, now, Iri, Star said. Its not your fault.
A few more minutes dragged past. The tension became almost unbearable, then ...
Father, a.k.a. The Messiah, appeared at the doorway. 
He was 28 years old now, but still recognizable from the boy who had founded the Visionist cult. His long, dark hair drooped to his shoulders, scraggly beard covered his face. Over his filthy clothes he sported the same, now undersized, ceremonial robe hed worn from the first days of his mission. 
A feverish eye, surrounded by crimson mist, glowered from the front of this robe toward anyone who dared to behold it. 
Winston had seen that eye before, painted on the wall of that room at the REX Hotel  the room with the huge stain on the floor. Jimmy had replaced that whole section of flooring and sand-blasted the eye off the wall, but Winston had never wanted to enter that place again.
The messiahs penetrating gaze swept over the workshop. His expression was severe, gaunt, aesthetic  as of someone whod wearied of life. His eyes betrayed a suffocating and cynical boredom.
Hes been in a deep funk for a long time, Winston observed. 
Winston had seen such looks before, from his days as research assistant to Dr. Horvath, on the faces of other would be holy men. Heck, hed worn a similar expression himself during the days of his political exile in Mech City  a time when the world had seemed empty and hopeless, when hed believed himself to be a total phony.
This guys a fraud, and he knows it, too, Winston thought. He just doesnt want anybody else to know.
Dr, Horvath would have applauded this insight, but how could it possibly help them now? Phony or not, this messiah had plenty of guns at his disposal. One burst from an assault rifle could settle all matters instantaneously.
The messiahs followers make way for him, bowing their heads in deepest reverence or just plain fear. As he passed, they raised their heads again. Their expressions varied from ecstatic worship, to awe, to naked terror. Some of the women displayed urgent, hysterical expressions as if they were groupies near a rock star. 
An eerie, flickering glow  like nothing Winston had ever observed before  appeared in Sister Reedys eyes. It seemed as if some demonic power resided behind them just aching to leap out.
The messiah strolled past Iridium and the mech wolves, eying them contemptuously. Winston stepped forward and bowed.
Greetings, your leadership, he said.
The messiah dismissed Winstons overture with a mocking sneer. He continued on to Star and paused ... His burning eyes fixated on her face, then roved all over her body. 
Well, fucking A, he murmured, heres something new.
A wicked little smile played across his face. It was strained, as if he had not smiled in a long time. His back was turned to his followers, so they could not observe his blatant lust. Star perceived it, though. She looked back at him, bold and calculating. She placed her hands on hips so as to display her breasts to maximum effect.
Winston dropped his diplomatic propriety.
Keep away from her, or  
He tried to reach out, but his arm was frozen. The messiah turned on him contemptuously.
Or what, demon spawn? he said.
Let us destroy these abominations, Father, Sister Reedy said from across the room. They pollute our holy sanctuary.
Other cultists roared agreement. Everyone looked expectantly toward their leader. The messiah turned slowly toward them, milking the situation for dramatic effect. He opened his mouth to speak. 
I decree that  
Star rushed to the window and leaped onto the sill. 
If you hurt anyone, Ill jump! 
Star, no! 
Winston tried to intervene, but two cultists dragged him off. 
The messiah gaped at Star like a kid about to lose his favorite toy. Helpless bafflement shot across his face, and his cloak of infallibility began to sag. He recovered quickly, though. 
He turned back to his followers with an amused little smile. Take them to the detention room, he said. I shall interrogate them later.
Cultists manhandled Winston, Iri, and the mech wolves out the door. Star climbed down from the window sill as two men approached to drag her away.
That wont be necessary. The messiah waved the men off. This one wont cause any more trouble.
Oh yeah? Star thought. Dont count on that, Big Boy.
The men looked rather nonplused, but did as they were told, leaving Star and the messiah alone on the workshop periphery. Star eyed him with frank appraisal for a moment; then she walked toward the door, head high. 
Sister Reedys eyes followed her out, projecting a beam of pure hatred.
***
The group ascended the tower staircase  main body of the cultists first, led by the chief acolyte and Sister Reedy. Then came the captives with their guards. Star came next and the messiah brought up the rear, keeping a close watch on everything, especially Star. She favored him with a single backward glance, noting his lascivious leer.
Despite herself, she experienced some lascivious thoughts of her own.
Careful, girl, this is life and death!
After walking down a gloomy, torch-lit hall, they came to the door of a large, empty chamber.
Keep them here under guard, the messiah ordered. I will seek a vision concerning their fate.
Yes, Father!
Armed men shoved Winston, Iri and the mech wolves inside the room. Two others grabbed Stars arms.
Not this one, the messiah said. Send it to my quarters.
No! Winston cried. 
A guard silenced him with a whack of his rifle butt. 
Star gasped.
Not too rough, now, the messiah admonished. 
He turned toward Star. 
We dont want anyone to get hurt, do we?
The men holding Star remained inert, baffled by the order theyd received.
Did you say to your quarters, Father? one of them asked.
Yes, the messiah snapped. Are you questioning my judgment? 
No, Father!
I need to question it closely, the messiah said, without interference from anyone.
Yes, of course, Father, please forgive our impertinence.
The men gripped Stars arms tightly and began to draw her away. 
Gently now, the messiah said.
The men released her arms. Star glanced back, then continued down the corridor loosely flanked by her escort. She had enough room now to swing her hips.
The messiah watched her go, an immodest little smile creasing his face and wrinkling the corners of his magnetic eyes. His funk was officially over.


16. Detention
Winston sat against the wall of the spacious, barren room directly across from a large window. Iridium lay beside him, muzzle resting on his paws. The great canines dour expression would have been almost comical under different circumstances, but Winston hadnt felt like laughing for some time.
The backpacks had been thrown into a far corner, Fang and Ripper occupied another corner. Two armed guards standing in the middle of the room completed the scenario. Gas jets provided dim illumination.
The chief acolyte jabbed his bald head in from the corridor.
Keep an eye on that window, he barked at the guards. We dont want those birds coming back.
The guards snapped to attention. Yes, Chief Acolyte!
They moved to take up positions by the window. One of them held a pump shotgun, while the other brandished an assault rifle. Winston had already nicknamed them Shotgun and A. K.
The chief acolyte turned to another armed man standing in the hall.
You remain by this door until further orders, he said.
Yes, sir!
With a final, malevolent glance around the room, the chief acolyte closed the door. Shotgun and A. K. craned their necks out the window to view the tower summit. 
Not a peep out of them birds now, A. K. said. They must be scared real good.
Like all the upper windows, this one was open to the elements. The messiah had ordered the plasti-glass removed so that his visions could circulate freely about the tower. There was no telling when the Heavenly Father would want to speak to his messiah, the thinking went, and nothing should get in the way of these sacred communications.
With generally moderate temperatures, even at this altitude, there was little problem. During the occasional storm or cold snap, cultists merely retreated to the lower stories  except for the messiah himself, who had the means to secure his own chambers against the weather.
A breeze whipping through the window provided acoustic cover for hushed conversation.
Who are these people? Iridium said.
A religious cult, Winston said. Somehow they survived the final plague.
How fortunate.
The worst effects must not have reached this altitude, Winston said, although many of them did perish. Dr. Rackenfauz saw their corpses scattered around the lake when he first arrived.
Iridium grunted. Good riddance.
Winston glanced toward the guards, then back to Iridium. He spoke hurriedly.
Dr. Horvath would term their leader a persecutor  a psychopathic individual craving adoration and control.
A total whack job, in other words, Iridium said.
The guards looked toward them, then turned their attention back to the window. Winston lowered his voice further.
The armed ones are true believers, he said. The others look terrorized. Theyve probably lost faith and are kept in line through mental and physical abuse.
Weve all got problems, dont we? Iridium said.
Shotgun turned toward them. Keep it down there!
Yes, sir, Winston replied. Sorry.
***
The two stone-faced men brought Star to the messiahs quarters on the penultimate floor of the tower. Gently, but with no consideration, they pushed her through the door and locked it behind her.
Star had been here before, on her first visit to Pickle Lake Castle. She had spent the last night in this room with Winston and Iri. Little had they known that, all the while, the Visionists were lurking in the castle basement behind their iron door.
Well ... Iri had sensed that something might be wrong, but they had not investigated his suspicions. Just as well. Had they breached that iron door, they would have probably run into a hail of gunfire.
She strolled around the large main chamber. It looked much the same  lavish oriental carpets spread on the floor, fine wooden furniture, gas lights providing subdued illumination. A huge bed with ornate posts dominated one corner. It was flanked by end tables, each bearing a heavy silver candlestick.
Star pushed her hands against the mattress. It recoiled firmly against the pressure.
Mmm, nice.
Of course the Visionists had been hiding in the basement during their first visit. Where else could they have been? 
Star did not possess Winstons brilliant, analytical mind, but she could draw the obvious conclusions. The messiah and his followers had been down there waiting for the end of the world to pass over them. The ones who didnt make the cut had died around the lake shore  or had been slaughtered.
Yes, the messiah was capable of murder. Star had seen it in his eyes, smoldering amid his feverish sexuality. It had stimulated her, drawn her toward him, made her want to grasp his throbbing power.
But it was wrong! 
She pushed the evil emotion from her consciousness, succeeding for the most part. But it still hovered in the background, taunting and beckoning. Her nipples had gone erect, brushing sensually against the fabric of her blouse. She felt her lower regions becoming warm ... She turned her attention back to the furnishings.
Tapestries of a religious nature covered the windows and some of the walls. Star examined one of them closely. Her standard knowledge pack contained rudimentary details of the Christian faith, and she recognized the man riding on a donkey to be Jesus of Nazareth, the Christian messiah. He was entering an ancient city called Jerusalem. 
The tapestry workmanship was exquisite, but somebody had inked in crude extra details. An assault rifle was now strapped to Jesus shoulder.
Oh, my! 
The effect was profoundly disturbing somehow  twisted. In addition to the rifle, a belt now girded Jesus waist from which hand grenades hung like toxic fruit.
Star retreated across the chamber and entered a lavish bathroom. It was all tricked out in marble and gold, including a large tub with water jets set into the floor. Star nodded and smiled wickedly. 
This is more like it! 
Her lust routines included a program called Jacuzzi sex. Here would be the perfect venue for an experiment.
Her gaze fell upon a counter with various drug paraphernalia arranged upon it, including needles and bottles of pills. The messiah seemed to require chemical help to keep his mission going. Star did not know the specifics of the items on the counter. Winston would know more about them.
Winston ... would she ever see him again?
***
In another apartment two stories down, the messiah luxuriated under a hot shower. Layers of dirt washed off his skin in a grimy torrent. His hair and beard were squeaky clean now, ready for barbering. His face assumed a ruddy glow.
His latest drug fix was wearing off, but he felt no desire for another one. His manhood, freed from chemical bondage, throbbed erect under the water spray. Joy and strength surged throughout his body.
At last the Heavenly Father was smiling upon him! Hed sent a fantastic sexual partner to support him as he spread his rule throughout the earth. No longer would he have to face the dreary prospects offered by the Temple women  especially Sister Reedy. A cold shiver ran through him despite the near scalding water.
Of course, there were the tricky theological aspects to consider. Since the beginning of his mission, hed raved against the demon spawn, blaming them for all the worlds ills. And hed believed it, too. But now, with the arrival of such an exquisite creature ... Well, another divine vision would be needed to keep his flock in line and iron out the contradictions.
Besides, hed let them slaughter the other robots as a consolation. Once hed exercised his sexual will upon the one named Star, shed forget all about her suicide threats.
He turned off the water, reluctant to leave its warm embrace  but a far better embrace awaited him. He stepped out of the shower stall into the misty world of the bathroom.
At last, the time of exile was ending! Theyd been stuck in this castle for years now, months of which theyd spent hiding in the basement and the adjoining caves waiting for the end times to pass over them. 
Discipline was a serious problem, even after the winnowing accomplished by the Nectar of Truth. Were it not for the dedication of the chief acolyte and a few other trusted people  including Sister Reedy  the Cause would have already slithered down the drain.
And the boredom! This claustrophobic setting did not provide the fresh admirers that he yearned for like a drug. Hed screwed the members of his flock, abused and degraded them, but their craven adoration never stopped. It was disgusting.
Yet hed hesitated to move into the wider world with his mission. Unknown dangers lurked out there. Surely there were other human survivors, and they were bound to be tough and well-armed. How could he gain the necessary converts under such circumstances?
A nasty voice, which sounded a lot like that of his alcoholic earthly father, sounded in his mind:
Admit it, Roddy, youre just a lousy little coward.
The messiahs erection collapsed like a deflated balloon.
I am not! he wailed.
His knees weakened, he gripped the sink counter for support.
Shit, the voice said. Look at the big hero!
Stop!
A powerful craving for a drug fix gripped the messiah  anything to silence that terrible voice. A pounding came on the door, a muffled voice followed.
Father, are you all right in there?
A vision of the beautiful creature awaiting him upstairs entered the messiahs mind. The terror retreated before her radiance. 
Yes ... fine, he said. Ill be right out.
He wrapped himself in a robe and exited the bathroom into an exciting new future.


17. Questions
A. K. and Shotgun peered out the window, examining the sky. The sun was gone now, and the mountain dusk was pressing in hard.
I think weve really seen the last of those bird things, A. K. said. I liked the way Chief Acolyte gave them the boot!
I kind of wish they would come back. Shotgun brandished his weapon. It would give me a chance for some target practice.
Maybe later, A.K. said, jerking a thumb toward the robots at the far wall, after weve disposed of these other ones.
They turned away from the window to glower at their prisoners. The blue one  who must have been trying to listen in  glanced quickly away. The wolf thing with the shimmering coat just remained immobile like some goddam stuffed toy.
Those things give me the creeps, Shotgun said.
I dont understand why Father takes such an interest in these demon spawn, A. K. said. I thought He would destroy them all right away.
I dont get it, either, Shotgun said. But who are we to question His actions?
Yes, A. K. said. Only He can comprehend the ultimate vision that will lead our Cause to victory.
They both pressed fists to their foreheads in a sign of deference to the messiah. 
Maybe the demon spawn have a role that neither you nor I can comprehend, Shotgun said.
That damned blue robot was listening in again!
What are you looking at, demon spawn? Shotgun said.
Uh ... nothing, sir, Winston replied. I was just wondering why you refer to us as demon spawn.
The guards looked at each other, surprise and anger playing across their faces.
Quit yanking their chain! Iridium whispered harshly.
I must learn more about them, Winston said.
Shotgun strode toward them. Winston tried to disguise his apprehension under his best politicians smile. Iridium, as ever, remained impassive.
Father warned us that youre all deceivers, Shotgun said, jabbing a finger at Winston.
Pay no attention to those things, A. K. said. Theyll just deny their responsibility.
Responsibility? Winston said.
Shotgun leaned in ominously, the barrel of his weapon dropped toward Winstons face. Winston shrank back, his smile fading.
Responsibility for the end of the world! Shotgun cried. When the wars you started werent enough, you brought the plague down on us.
My humblest apologies, Winston said. Would you believe me if I said that our particular group had nothing to do with these events?
Shotgun glanced back to his comrade at the window.
I hope Father chooses me to blast this one, he said.
Winston recoiled.
Yeah, Ill take down that rainbow thing, A. K. said.
Iridium took these violent comments in stride, scarcely batting an eyelash. 
Big heroes with their guns, he muttered.
Winston gathered up his wits and resumed speaking.
And yet, you and your companions appear to have survived quite well, he said. Why is that?
Fathers vision brought us to this place of refuge, Shotgun said, from which He will emerge to rule the world.
Indeed? Winston said. But didnt numerous members of your Cause perish as well?
Father had us all partake the Nectar of Truth, Shotgun said. Those of insufficient faith perished.
Quit wasting time with that monstrosity, A. K. said. The extermination order will silence them all soon enough.
With a final murderous glance at Winston, Shotgun returned to the window area. 
Satisfied, pal? Iridium asked.
That lunatic poisoned most of his followers, Winston said. They must have been running low on food or something.
Or else he just enjoys doing things like that, Iridium said.
***
Star examined the tapestry hanging in front of the window. This one also portrayed an episode from the Christian bible  Jesus being arrested by the temple guards. Again, the beautiful workmanship was defaced by heavy black ink. Jesus and his followers now bore submachine guns, and hand grenades festooned their belts. The feeble weapons of the the temple guards were totally overmatched now.
This and the other defacements must provide insight into the messiahs character. How could this knowledge be used to their advantage? If only Winston were here to interpret things. If only she wasnt so confused and frightened!
She pulled the fabric aside so as to look out the window. The tapestry was not securely mounted, however, and it fell to the floor in a dusty plume. Star jumped back.
Oh, dear!
The window was fully exposed now. It was about three meters across by two and one half high. A broad stone ledge ran along its length, and a pair of binoculars hung from a nail driven into the adjacent wall. Star looked up toward the tapestrys fastening hardware. Clearly, it was too high for her to access, and a second party would be needed for any remounting effort. 
She rolled the tapestry up and shoved it against the wall. Hopefully, this little mishap would not cause her any problems when the messiah appeared, as he certainly would, to satisfy the lust shed seen on his face. Her own lust for the strange man with the misty eye rose in her heart. Again, she tried to refuse it entry. 
She felt evil, soiled. If only she could roll up these unworthy passions and kick them aside as she had done with the tapestry! She peered through the window, seeking distraction for her feverish mind. 
The view outside was very subdued, almost otherworldly in the fading light  as if it were the vision of some extraterrestrial artist. A heavy mist rose from Pickle Lake, roiling about almost like a living thing. 
Some movement in the distance caught her eye. She leaned out for a better view, gripping the window ledge for support. A stone under her hand started to give way, throwing her off balance. 
Oh! She drew back quickly.
Wheels began to turn in her head, figuratively speaking. She repositioned the stone, carefully brushing away any evidence of crumbled mortar. From all appearances, the stone was as solidly placed as any other. She picked up the binoculars and adjusted them to her optical sensors. 
Out toward the lake, she could see a group of six walking toward the castle on the trail. At first she thought they must be human, but it soon became apparent that they were robotic. Even from this distance, their awkward movements betrayed their origins. 
Who could they be? 
A scrapper gang, probably  like the one that had attacked them on their previous trip. Nobody decent would be out creeping in the gathering darkness. Star shuddered with the recollection of their encounter with the renegade robots.
Had they been followed here? 
She could make out more details now. The lead robot was missing an arm. Hadnt Winston said that Iridium had torn off the arm of a scrapper  could that possibly be the same one? So many unanswered questions!
No matter, the cultists would finish off the interlopers soon enough, unless ...
Star recalled Dr. Rackenfauz talking about scrappers that had attacked him on the road  how the programming of those robots had deteriorated so much that they could actually molest humans. 
The Che Syndrome, she muttered.
She leaned her elbows on the ledge and watched the groups progress with rapt attention.


18. Raiding Party
Bert led the other five members of  the scrapper gang as they humped their way up the mountain trail. All of them were armed with clubs. All of them were contentious, ill-tempered, and bumping into each other. 
Bert glowered back at them.
Keep it down, damn you! he said.
The jostling and bickering stopped, at least for the time being.
After several more minutes of difficult progress, Bert brought the gang to a halt on a level area near the lake shore. The water lapped gently under its layer of mist, but the sound brought no comfort to Berts twisted mind. He looked off toward the castle looming ahead in the mountain silence, its dimly illuminated windows peering out like the eyes of the undead. 
That dump gives me the creeps, he said. It reminds me of Castle Dracula.
A dim recollection floated up from his memory bank  from a time before the world collapsed and his brain scrambled. Before the Che Syndrome had turned him into a villain.
In this memory, he was sitting on the living room floor of his masters house, watching a 20th century horror movie. The masters two young children snuggled up against him, frightened by the old black and white images flickering on the wall screen. Hed placed an arm over each of their little shoulders to comfort them, and  
So, whats the plan, Chief? one of the scrappers asked.
The pleasant memory vanished, leaving Bert with a terrible sense of loss. For a moment hed been Uncle Bertie again, loved by a human family who had all died horribly before his anguished eyes. When the last one flickered out, so had Berts sanity. 
He turned on the scrapper and cuffed him hard. 
The plan is to get there first, nit wit, he snapped. Once we see how things are, well know what to do.
Gosh, Chief, he was just asking, a second scrapper said.
A third scrapper spoke up. I think  
You think? Bert said. My missing arms got more brains than all of you put together.
He started walking back down the path.
Wherere you going, Chief? the first scrapper said.
I think Ill leave you all here, Bert said. Just try to find yourselves another driver.
No, Chief, we didnt mean nothing! 
Bert paused and looked back toward his gang.
Thats right, Chief, the second scrapper said. We was just talking.
Well ... okay, Bert said. But no more guff, understand?
The five scrappers nodded enthusiastically and competed to express their loyalty.
Im with you, Chief ... lead on ... whatever you say, Boss!
What a bunch of peasants! Bert thought.
All right, cut the crap already, he said.
Everyone shut up. 
Bert resumed his position in the lead. The group continued walking until a harsh command issued from the gloom.
Hold it right there!
***
At their post in the detention room, Shotgun and A. K. argued about the next move the Visionists should make. 
We need to get out of this place as soon as possible, Shotgun said. Every day we remain here is another one lost to the new age!
Its not time yet, A. K. said. We need to get our strength back first. A lot of the members are wavering in their faith ...
And so on. Both men knew that their conversation was useless, since the messiah would determine when the move would take place, without regard to their opinions. The fact that they were arguing at all was a testament to the ennui gripping the whole cult. The abrupt appearance of the demon spawn had only made matters worse.
The heated dispute distracted their attention from events going on outside. It also gave Winston the necessary cover to speak with Iridium.
I have to fight these people, Winston said.
Not possible, Iridium said. Your programming wont allow it.
Winston glanced at the guards, who were still in animated discussion, then back toward Iridium.
I could if I was deranged, he said, like those scrappers that attacked Dr. Rackenfauz.
How would you accomplish that?
I dont know yet, Winston said.
Iridium shook his head emphatically.
If you were really nuts, youd be a threat to everyone, including Star.
Thats where youd come in, Iri, Winston said. Finish me off before I could harm her.
Iridiums usually impassive face registered astonishment, followed by a pitying look.
It would never work, he said.
I have to do something. 
Forget it, pal, youre out of your league, Iridium said. Besides, Star might be a lot tougher than you think.
He sprawled out, muzzle resting on his paws.
I wish I could believe that, Winston muttered.
***
The scrappers froze in place. Two men, armed with guns, approached. Both were mean-looking individuals, one totally bald while the other sported scraggly long hair and a beard.
Drop the weapons, boys, Bert whispered.
The clubs all thudded to the ground as the the armed men arrived.
Get this, another batch of demon spawn, the bald man said.
Hands up, you scum! the hairy man said.
The scrappers all raised their hands.
Relax, they cant fight us, the bald one said. You saw how Sister Reedy knocked them around.
Uh ... thats right, sir, Bert said. Were only looking for our friend, the blue robot. Have you seen him?
Sure, the hairy man said. Well take you right there, first class.
He pointed to a lighted window in the castle tower.
Its up there with the others.
Why are you talking to this damn rust bucket? the bald man said.
It beats talking to you, the hairy man said.
Bert looked over his gang members. Three to one odds, pretty good if he could get the timing right.
Please forgive us, sir, he said. We did not mean to cause any dispute.
Another diplomat, the bald guard sneered.
Both men motioned with their gun barrels.
Move it, demon spawn!
Yes, sir, Bert said. Lets go, comrades.
The scrappers began walking en masse toward the castle, hands still raised above their heads. The two guards followed, but they obviously did not perceive any threat from their prisoners. They walked casually, gun barrels down, chatting with each other.
Itll be nice to get inside for a while, the bald man said. 
Yeah, its creepy out here, the hairy one said.
The bald man gestured toward the lake. 
I keep sensing them hovering above the water, he said. Its like theyre just waiting to grab somebody.
The hairy one nodded agreement. I know what you mean ... So, how come we got stuck with outdoor guard duty?
Me, because Ive always had bad luck, the bald man said. And you, because you stink. If you washed up more often, people could stand having you around.
Very funny, the hairy man said. You aint exactly a bouquet of roses yourself.
Bert glanced back over his ruined shoulder at the complacent guards.
Now! he commanded.
The scrappers rushed the startled men, beating them down with overwhelming mechanical strength. In moments, both guards lay dead. They had not even been able to cry out. 
Bert picked up one of the fallen guns. Soon he began shaking uncontrollably as his anti-firearm program kicked in. Not even the ravages of the Che Syndrome had overcome this ultimate taboo.
He dropped the gun with disgust.
I wish we could use these damn things, he said.
The scrappers retrieved their clubs and continued on toward the castle.


19. Confrontation with Greatness
From her tower window vantage point, Star observed events with growing excitement. She had to restrain herself from crying out joyfully at the scrapper gangs victory.
Dangerous events were transpiring. Those scrappers could not be considered friends by any stretch of logic, but they were definitely enemies of the cultists  and they were headed for the castle. 
How can this work to our benefit? 
For a moment, Star wished that she had Winstons brilliance or Iridiums keen intuition. But she had capabilities neither of them possessed, right? She smoothed her hands down her voluptuous figure and primped her hair. Soon, she would need every one of her weapons.
Across the vast room, a key jiggling in the door lock jolted Star out of her ruminations. She left the window and walked briskly toward the door. She was almost there when it opened. 
She paused. An armed guard entered, followed by the messiah. 
Leave me now, the messiah said.
The guard bowed. Yes, Father.
He looked dubiously at Star for a moment, then departed, closing the door behind him. His footsteps faded down the corridor. Star crossed the remaining distance to stand directly before the messiah.
The change in his appearance was astonishing. He was freshly groomed and scrubbed. His hair was trimmed, and his beard was gone. He no longer wore the ceremonial robe over his old, but immaculate, clothing. An involuntary thrill ran through Stars circuits.
I was hoping youd come, Father, she said, bowing her head reverently.
The messiah waved his hand in a weary gesture.
You dont need to call me that, he said. Its all so ... boring.
Star looked up and gazed into the messiahs face. His pale blue eyes connected with hers, and an intense energy passed between them. She felt herself being sucked into their depths.
Careful, girl, hes the enemy!
She bowed her head again to sever the almost unbearable contact.
How then should I address you? she asked quietly.
As a special dispensation, you may call me Roddy, the messiah said.
Oh, yes ... Roddy, Star repeated.
It seemed the perfect name for the most perfect man in the world. How could anybody not find its owner to be devastatingly attractive? He was the supreme leader here, he had the right to rule everywhere ...
Roddy looked away from Star toward the open window, and his erotic hold on her lessened a bit. He spied the fallen tapestry.
What happened there? he said.
Star wrenched back enough of her senses to craft a reply.
Oh ... it fell when I was trying to look outside, she said.
Is that so?
I just wanted some fresh air, Roddy, Star said, positioning herself to block his path to the window. Is that okay?
Roddy hesitated, calculating whether the situation was worth the effort to exert control.
Sure, why not? He shrugged. Ive been needing some air myself.
Star took his hands and led him toward a small couch out of the window sight line. They sat down together.
I was beginning to think you werent coming, Roddy, she said. Ive been so lonely here by myself.
I needed to get cleaned up, Roddy said. Ive been working so hard for my people that I sometimes forget.
Yes, your people, Star said. They must be so grateful for everything you do.
Roddy stiffened.
Are you kidding! he said. Without my leadership theyd all be dead by now. But do they appreciate me?
I would certainly hope so, Star said.
Roddy snorted.  Hell, many of them would leave if they could  abandon the Cause!
Roddys composure was dropping away fast. Without meaning to, Star had jammed her finger against his rawest nerve. Oh, if only she had Winstons gift for diplomacy!
How terrible, Star said, trying to sound empathetic.
Roddy was on his feet now.
Wasnt it the same with the first messiah? he said. They crucified him, for Gods sake. But it wont happen this time!
Extreme violence lurked within the anger. Star was frightened by it, but also greatly excited.
She was in the grip of intense, contradictory passions shed never before imagined. On one hand, she wanted to destroy the evil man standing before her, on the other shed be willing to commit any violence to protect him  to experience his erotic power.
This is crazy, she told herself, think about Winston, about Iri!
A vision of her great love appeared in her mind, along with a companion view of precious Iridium. But the images could not dispel the attraction she felt for the demonic messiah. 
Ill have to tear myself in two! she thought desperately.
Those people just dont understand your greatness, she said.
The steadiness of her own voice amazed her. It seemed to have a powerful effect on Roddy as well.
Thats fucking A right! he said. Nobody understands me.
The rage was draining out of him now, eased by Stars acceptance. 
Come sit beside me, she said, rest a while.
Roddy did so. Star brushed his cheek with her finger tips. An electric thrill coursed through her circuits.
Dont let it bother you so much, Roddy, she said, not while Im at your side.
He calmed down, the way Iri always did at her touch. He turned a hopeful look her direction. She rewarded him with an alluring little smile.
Isnt this better? she said.
He nodded.
You look so fresh and clean, Star said. I wish youd bathed here, where I could assist you.
Really? 
Roddy moved closer, his thigh was pressing fully against hers now. Stars rigid self control vanished. She seized him and pressed her mouth to his in a hot, passionate kiss that seemed to last for hours.
She felt an almost physical ripping occur inside her. She had two personas now. One was lustful, wicked, exploding with sexual ardor. The other was remote, icy, and calculating. 
God, let the icy one have the final say! 
Star terminated the kiss, Roddy sagged in her embrace.
Its wonderful to be around a real man, she said in a husky voice. A true leader.
Roddy smiled dreamily, still adrift on a cloud of sexual pleasure. Then his eyes turn hard and suspicious.
What about that Winston character? he said. He seems to be very sweet on you.
Oh, him? Star said. Forget that loser. I did the moment I saw you.
She hated herself for saying this, especially as it seemed to have the ring of truth. Roddy settled back. Star brushed his cheek with her finger tips again. 
Then he leaned forward abruptly, hard suspicion returned.
Then why did you threaten to jump out the window if I hurt him? he demanded.
Oh, Roddy! You dont know the first thing about what turns a girl on.
Star gave him another long, probing kiss. Again he melted in her arms, totally under her spell. She pulled away, leaving him groping for more. She reveled in her erotic power, like some ancient sex goddess.
It must be difficult for you, cooped up in this place, she said.
Roddy struggled to come back to reality, to assume his infallible leader persona again. Star smiled naughtily at his discomfiture.
Im sick of it, Roddy finally managed to say. But its not yet time to leave on the last phase of my mission.
A mission? Star said. That sounds fascinating.
Ive prepared for it my whole life, so I can wait a bit longer, Roddy said. But my people are getting restless.
Star drew away. A jealous pout occupied her face.
Whats the matter? Roddy asked.
There are lots of women among your people, arent there? Star said.
Yeah.
And I suppose youve had them all?
The messiah shrugged noncommittally.
Well, I think they leave much to be desired. Star gestured toward the huge bed. That must be a very cold and unsatisfying place for you.
Her manner had become severe, Roddy began to wilt under it.
Well ... I do have to make many sacrifices for the Cause, he said.
Do these sacrifices involve other men as well? Star demanded. Are you a switch hitter, Roddy?
There are so many demands on me. Roddys voice had degenerated into a whine. My people call upon me to serve them in various ways. I-I cannot refuse!
Star crossed her arms and fixed a cold stare upon him. Roddy looked back with an almost puppy dog expression of pleading in his eyes. Star would have none of it. The jealous anger she projected was quite genuine.
Im supposed to just accept the way things are then, huh? she said.
Everything is for the Cause, Roddy said. Please try to understand.
He gazed into the beautiful, incredible face, studying it desperately for any hint of approval. It was not quite the face of a woman; it was different in subtle ways. Beneath its sensuous warmth existed an un-human, alien hardness that promised erotic pleasure undreamed of by mortal men. 
Her entire aspect was alien, illusive  the sinuous manner in which she moved, the look in her eyes  these were not the movements and expressions of  a real woman. This Star being was not a real woman ... she was much more than that. She was a new frontier to conquer, or to be the conqueror.
During his many sexual exploits, Roddy had tried the bondage, SM route, but had found the various dominatrix to be contemptible and ridiculous figures. This creature beside him, though  she could take him anywhere.
His sham persona as infallible leader hung by a thread now. In his heart, he knew that he was a contemptible hoax, but he could never afford to let others find out  especially not this incredible female! He dreaded what he might be forced to do to her.
Star sensed that things were hovering on a lethal edge. 
Time to ease up, girl. 
She slid closer to Roddy and took his hands. They were soft, almost feminine, the hands of someone accustomed to having others perform the difficult tasks that life required.
Okay, I forgive you, she said. Lets not talk about it anymore.
Roddy let out an immense sigh, he looked almost pathetic in his neediness. Star brushed back a strand of his hair.
So ... tell me about your Cause, Roddy, she said. 
The Cause?
The topic that had been of paramount importance only moments before now seemed distant and trivial to Roddy. How could he even think about it in the presence of this erotic deity?
Stars eyes bored into his. 
Tell me, Roddy, she commanded. I want to know everything about you.
He could do nothing except obey.


20. Origins of Roddy
With the spotlight trained fully upon himself and his achievements, Roddy regained some of the confidence hed lost under Stars merciless interrogation. He got up from the couch and moved a short distance away, giving himself room to pace dramatically before her.
The first vision came to me from my father when I was quite young, he said. 
How exciting! Star said.
She moved to the edge of her seat and gazed deeply into Roddys eyes while he spoke. The wave of approval coming from her washed Roddy along, back into the early years of his extraordinary life.
By that, I mean my heavenly father, he said, not the worthless drunk who used to beat me and my mother ...
***
In the large vacant lot across the alley from his ramshackle house, twelve-year-old Roddy Barnett finished preparing the altar. The sacred red cloth and the black candles were in their proper locations, as were the carving knife and electrical cord. A stick of incense wafted its fumes beside a plastic sandwich bag of smoked herring. A ritual bowl containing holy solvent completed the accoutrement.
Roddy glanced around to make sure there were no witnesses. Of course not  everybody in the neighborhood feared to enter this place of holiness, and any strangers who happened by quickened their steps to avoid it. The local kids had dubbed it Mean Field and gave the place a wide berth.
Roddy poured holy solvent into a bag, then shoved the bag up to his face and inhaled. Immediately, his consciousness began ascending to a higher level. He repeated the inhalations, each time ratcheting up his spiritual perceptions. 
When he lowered the bag, the world around him was in sharper focus with brighter colors, heightened reality. And behind this mundane world, Roddy could detect the presence of another reality filled with deep mystery. 
Would this be the day when he finally broke through to it?
The stray cat made its way toward him through the discarded cans and broken glass. Roddy smiled; the creature meowed with hunger, begging for a handout. Roddy pulled a morsel of fragrant herring out of the sandwich bag.
Come here, my lamb, he said, waving the herring.
The cat approached, sniffing cautiously.
Come on, Roddy coaxed, I wont hurt you.
The hungry animal was very close now. In a flash, Roddy seized it and began wrapping the electrical cord around its neck. The creature howled with mortal terror. Roddy felt the sharp jab of claws. 
Damn you! He gripped the cats neck hard, nearly breaking it. Youll regret that!
He brought the struggling animal to the twisted little sacrificial tree. It was going to have a slow, agonizing strangulation hanging there. Then, just before it died, hed give it a false reprieve. It would be time for the carving knife next ...
Roddy was fiercely aroused. Never before had he felt such brutal emotion surging through him. His groin throbbed with power. He thought of the new, red-headed girl at school  thought of how it would feel to crush her neck in his hands. The exquisite pleasure of listening to her screams! 
A mighty voice boomed from directly above him.
QUIT WASTING TIME, RODDY! it said. I HAVE MORE IMPORTANT THINGS FOR YOU.
Roddy looked upward in astonishment and fear. An overwhelming light blasted from the sky, bathing his face with ecstasy. A crimson mist hovered in this light, and within the mist, a fierce red eye gazed down upon him.
The cat struggled out of Roddys slackened arms and ran away.
Yes ... what is it ... Father? Roddy said.
The Heavenly Father materialized above him now, filling the space around the red eye with His divine presence. Roddy gaped in amazement. This was nothing like the sublime and majestic Sistine Chapel figure Roddy had seen in the history class video at school. He looked more like an old bunko artist or child molester  like that weirdo ice cream man the cops hauled away earlier that summer. 
The Heavenly Father wore a cynical smile, and his eyes were not kind. Roddy grinned  this was so much better than that pompous figure painted on the chapel ceiling.
Fucking A! Roddy exclaimed.
THE END TIMES ARE AT HAND, RODDY, the Heavenly Father intoned. YOU MUST LEAD A REMNANT OF MY PEOPLE TO SALVATION.
Uh ... sure thing, Dad, Roddy said. I got nothing else planned.
The Heavenly Father jabbed a finger down at him. Roddy recoiled, then hesitantly raised his own finger.
YOU ARE THE NEW MESSIAH! the Heavenly Father boomed.
A bolt of lightning passed from the Heavenly Fathers finger tip into Roddys. Roddy jerked back with the recoil, then fell on the ground. He lay on his back convulsing amid the rubbish.
ARISE RODDY, TAKE UP THE MANTLE, UPHOLD THE GREAT CAUSE, the Heavenly Father commanded. DO NOT FAIL!
The divine presence abruptly disappeared, like a bursting soap bubble, leaving Roddy alone and stunned. He struggled to his feet and gazed up at the empty sky. Had any of this really happened  or was it just his imagination running wild?
But then a bunch of raucous crows appeared, seemingly from nowhere. They flew directly above, and one of them pooped on Roddys head. He wiped the bird droppings away, examined his hand rapturously.
A divine omen! he cried.
***
Star listened with total absorption. 
This guy is amazing! her super-charged, hyper-sexed persona thought.
This guy is totally wacko! her icy, calculating persona thought.
So I left home immediately, without bidding farewell to my earthly parents, Roddy was saying. Their purpose in the divine plan was fulfilled and they returned to their iniquity.
He droned on about the early days of his mission. How he attracted his first converts, including the man who would be his legal guardian until he reached maturity  Charles Camp, a.k.a. the chief acolyte. How they spread the good news to an unbelieving world. How Sister Reedy appeared, at the behest of the Heavenly Father, to provide the strong female role model that had been lacking in his life.
Role model? Stars interior bitch thought. Ill bet she rolled him every which way!
The Cause then directed me to the place known as Mech City, Roddy said.
Oh my! Star gasped as her rational persona momentarily gained the upper hand. 
Roddy paused. He fixed his penetrating gaze upon her. 
Is there something you do not understand, child?
I-its nothing, Roddy, Star said. Please go on.
He resumed speaking, thrilled at the emotional outburst hed drawn from the fantastic woman machine. 
Mech City proved to be a sinful place, not open to my message, he said. A legion of unbelievers drove us away with fire  but even that was part of the Heavenly Fathers plan.
We left and shook the dust from our feet. We wandered for years like the lost tribes of Israel  until my vision located this place of power for our final refuge. We waited here as the world ended around us. We had to fight off unbelievers who sought to eject us. Never again would we be driven from our holy temple!
Star remained seated tensely on the couch, listening with rapt attention to every word. Her air-head ditz persona had returned squarely to the fore.
Roddy was gesturing wildly now, flinging an imaginary robe around in dramatic arcs. The effect was electrifying. Star could barely restrain herself from leaping off the sofa and tearing off the messiahs clothes. The narrative reached a thunderous conclusion.  
And with the dawning of this new and purified age, Roddy shouted, those who believe in me will inherit the earth!


21. Scrappers & True Believers
As the messiah was relating his bizarre tale, Bert and his gang of scrappers crept in through the castle door, clubs raised, glancing apprehensively around the entry hall. 
Keep those weapons out of sight, Bert said in a hushed voice.
The scrappers lowered their clubs and held them close to themselves, concealing them as much as possible.
Play dumb with any humans we meet, Bert said. We need to get into that detention room.
What then, Chief? a scrapper asked.
We take out as many as we can, Bert said, starting with the blue guy.
A murmur of approval coursed through the gang.
Were with you, Chief.
Lets smash em!
They moved toward the main tower staircase.
***
Elsewhere, in the bowels of the castle, Sister Reedy was conferring with two other Visionists  Brother Ralph and Brother George. Along with her and the chief acolyte, they were the hardest of the hard core true believers. People who had stuck with the Messiah since the earliest days of his holy mission.
I cant believe whats happening, Brother Ralph said. What is Father thinking about, consorting with a demon spawn?
It goes against his most sacred teachings, Brother George said.
Shes bewitched him! Sister Reedy hissed. Did you see the brazen way she looked at him? She wields satanic power, let me tell you!
Thered been a time when she herself had looked at the Messiah that same way  years ago, when she was young and attractive. And hed responded, too, oh yes! Shed been one of his first converts, throwing over her drug addiction and replacing it with absolute devotion to him.
Shed introduced him to the sexual arts  driving away all rivals, performing any sort of perversion he requested, and others hed never even imagined. Hed nicknamed her Reedy in reference to her lithe sensuality and her long, supple body that could twist around him in all manner of orgasmic contortions.
To complete her lifes work, shed borne him a wonderful male offspring to advance the Cause into the next generation  after the Messiah had ascended to his celestial reward at the right hand of the Heavenly Father. 
But things had changed a lot in more recent times. Shed gotten older and her looks had faded. Younger rivals elbowed their way into his affections. This had been a harsh blow, but she drew consolation from her status as mother of the sacred heir  until that awful day when theyd partaken the Nectar of Truth.
Shed been confident that Roderick junior would live to assume his lawful place at the head of the righteous. But after hed drunk the Nectar of Truth  presented to him with her own hands no less!  hed gone into convulsions and died with the others on the banks of the Sacred Sea. 
The trauma of witnessing his death had nearly destroyed her. Shed drunk her own portion of the Nectar praying fervently that she would also perish ... but shed been one of the survivors. Since that day, her fanatic belief in the Cause had increased many fold. It was all she had now.


22. Climax
Roddy finished his tirade and looked down at Star expectantly. His arms were crossed over his chest, his eyes blazed with fervent power. She looked back at him with a mixture of wanton lust and absolute horror.
I cant go on divided like this, she thought desperately.
Either her rational self or her wanton self would have to battle this monster. Star knew, in the depths of her being, that her rational side was not up to the job.
This is it, girl  no turning back!
With a wrenching mental effort, she forced her reasoning, moral and decent persona into the background. A final thought went with it: I love you, Winston!
Then she summoned up her darkest, most debauched yearnings and released them like a pack of vicious dogs.
Oh, baby! 
Star surged up, grabbed Roddy, and pulled him back onto the couch with her  kissing him ferociously, biting his lips, his neck, tearing at his clothes.
Give it to me now, Big Boy! she panted.
They tumbled onto the floor and rolled across the exquisite oriental carpet.
***
Two men entered the room where Sister Reedy was conferring with Brothers Ralph and George  the guards who had escorted the female demon spawn to the Messiahs chambers.
What are you doing here? Sister Reedy snapped.
Father dismissed us, one of the men said. He told us to leave him unattended.
Well, get back up there right now! Sister Reedy cried. Dont depart from his door for an instant!
The look of fanatical rage in her eyes brooked no disagreement.
Yes, Sister, the men replied and fled the room.
Theres evil afoot tonight, Sister Reedy muttered.
Venomous thoughts about the female demon spawn squirmed in her mind  torture, dismemberment, fire ... 
***
Roddy was taken completely by surprise. The strength of this robotic female was incredible, far beyond that of any flesh and blood woman. Hed always been the violent sexual aggressor, he couldnt handle this new situation.
Star thrust a hand into his underwear. Then she paused.
Whats this? she said. Feels like little Roddy is on vacation. 
She withdrew her hand, laughing scornfully. Wait til the others hear about this! 
Roddy stumbled back to his feet. The room spun around him in a psychotic carnival ride.
Stop laughing at me! His voice had shot up an octave.
Star got to her feet, still laughing, and stood directly before him.
What do you know? she sneered. The all-mighty leader  nothing but a limp noodle. Winston will love that!
An insane fury contorted Roddys face. Damn you!
He grabbed Stars throat and tried to strangle her, but her titanium alloy substructure was impervious to the assault.
Thats it! Star grabbed Roddys crotch, kneading brutally. Youve got it now, Big Boy.
Roddy cried out with exquisite agony. Star shrugged his hands off her throat and crushed her mouth against his. She swayed her hips powerfully, grinding into his throbbing erection. Roddy groaned, succumbing to her overwhelming sexual power.
Violence turns you on, Star panted. Me too!
She pulled away, leaving Roddy stunned and disoriented. With a few savage motions, she ripped off her blouse, then the rest of her clothes. Roddy looked on, mesmerized.
But its danger that really gets me hot, Star said.
She rushed to the window and climbed up on the stone ledge, spreading her arms wide under the sensuous night sky. Impossible, contradictory emotions raged through her circuits. It seemed a moment equally suited to live or perish.
She glanced back toward Roddy. He looked tiny, insecure, uncertain  his face drained of blood. The all-powerful messiah was nowhere in sight. Star crouched low, like a predatory cat, and fixed him with a powerful, erotic stare.
Come up here! she commanded.
As if in a trance, Roddy stripped off his clothes and approached with hesitant steps to the edge of the window. 
Thats a good boy, Star purred.
She gripped his erection and guided him up onto the window ledge. Through her orgiastic mental fog, she tried to observe where he stepped. Disappointment shot through her when he found solid footing. 
She released his organ and gestured into the night expanses.
Here it is! she cried. All yours for the taking  the earth, the heavens!
Roddy overcame his trepidation, driven on by Stars erotic madness.
Yes! he shouted. Yesss!
They stood together in orgasmic exaltation, masters of the universe. Reveling in their damnation. Time stood still ...
Then, with a brutal effort of willpower, Star quashed her frenzied emotions. She shrank back fearfully.
Over there, she said in a quavering voice, I-I see them.
Who?
Your people, Roddy, hundreds of them ... theyre coming for you.
Terror suddenly contorted Roddys face, his eyes widened. 
Where? he gasped.
Star pointed toward Pickle Lake glittering in the moonlight.
Out there, by the water.
Madness and reality blended into a gruesome composite. Star could actually see the ghosts of the murdered Visionists now, swirling in the unholy vapors over Pickle Lake.
No, it cant be ... theyre all dead. Roddy began to tremble violently. I killed them myself!
He tried to move down from the window ledge, but his foot stepped on the loose stone. It gave out under him, spinning away in the darkness.
Help! Roddy shrieked.
He reached toward Star. Instinctively, she thrust a hand toward him, but restrained herself. His fingertips brushed against hers, then slipped away. Roddy fell into the void, screaming horribly. 
Star watched him hurtle to the flagstones far below. Her face was inert, blank, like a manikins. From the direction of Pickle Lake, hundreds of shades rushed to greet their messiah with open arms. They didnt look too friendly.


23. All Hell Breaks Loose
In the detention room, A. K. and Shotgun had wearied of their constant arguing. They stood together by the window, cradling their weapons in their arms like lethal babies, glaring at the captives who seemed as bored and indolent as they were. 
The blue robot, in particular, appeared to have slid into a deep funk, his chin resting upon his chest. No more irritating questions came from him to break the monotony.
A. K. yawned. I wish something would happen, already.
Yeah, Shotgun agreed.
Ahhhhh!
The screaming messiah hurtled past the window flailing his limbs uselessly in the thin air.
My god! Shotgun cried.
Holy crap! A. K. shouted.
They leaned far outside the window. A horrible splat assaulted their ears from the flagstones below. 
Father! they gasped.
Winston and Iridium jerked into wary attentiveness. Ripper and Fang rose from their corner and moved toward the window to investigate.
Get back, you idiots! Iridium snarled.
The mech wolves halted, looking to Iridium for further instructions. 
The guards turned back from the window  both of them trembling and white as sheets. A. K. fainted dead away, sprawling on the floor like a discarded bag of manure. Shotgun was still capable of action, though. An insane rage overtook him.
Damn you! he shrieked.
He fired his weapon point blank at Fang. The mech wolf disintegrated, scattering components about the room like shrapnel. Ripper fled back to the corner, whining.
Its all your fault! the crazed guard shouted. Death to the demon spawn!
He pumped another round into his weapon and aimed it at the blue robot. 
Winston cringed, holding his hands over his face in a useless protective gesture.
Look out, pal! 
Iridium jumped in front of him just as the shotgun fired. 
***
Star remained fixated in the window, staring out at the mountain vastness, as if shed been cemented in place. Her reasoning mind was far away, uninvolved in the grisly events, leaving her with only the pure, animal-like instincts of brutality and lust. 
Gunfire sounded  from a lower story.
Winston!
She jumped down from the ledge. The moment her feet touched the floor, her old, rational self resumed control. She grabbed the candlesticks off the end tables and ran for the door without bothering about her discarded clothes.
She bolted down the stairs to the detention room story, intercepting two armed men in the corridor. They halted, gaping dumbfounded at the nude female demon spawn with the disheveled hair and wild eyes.
Hes up there! Star shouted, pointing the way shed just come. 
The men hesitated a moment, then charged up the stairs.
***
Iri! Winston cried.
He gaped in horror at the blasted carcass spread across his lap. Iridiums head and front quarters had been blown away, his magnificent coat was shredded. Components littered the floor. 
Winston did not even notice the shotgun pellets imbedded in his own body as a gigantic fist of grief slammed into him. 
Oh no ... Iri!
The door burst open, another guard entered  a tall man with wild hair.
Whats going on? 
Its Father ... hes dead! Shotgun wailed. 
What?
Outside! 
Shotgun pointed to the window, sobs choked off his voice. 
The tall guard rushed to the window, stepping over A. K.s inert form, and peered out at the crumpled savior on the flagstones below.
No ... it cant be! he gasped.
Shotgun jabbed a finger Winstons direction. Its the demon spawns doing!
Oh yeah? The tall guard said through gritted teeth.
He strode up to Winston and raised his gun. Through his anguish, Winston almost welcomed the end. 
Im ready to go, Great Technician in the Sky!
YEE HAAA!
A savage battle yell roared in from the hallway. The guards turned toward the door as Bert and his scrapper gang charged in, clubs swinging. 
All hell broke loose. 
The tall guards rifle was knocked from his hands before he could pull the trigger. Shotgun fired a single blast, blowing one scrapper apart and halting the others in their tracks.
Get him! Bert cried.
The howling scrappers surged ahead. Shotgun chambered another round  too late. The infuriated enemy was upon him. A club bounced off his skull, then he was hurtling out the window to join his blessed savior. 
The tall guard backed away, hands held up in entreaty.
No! No! he begged.
Yes, yes! Bert replied.
He tossed his club. It spun lazily through the air, end over end, striking the guard precisely in the center of his forehead.
Ugh!
The man staggered back, tripped over A. K., and tumbled out the window. His scream trailed away in the darkness.
Nice shot, Chief! one of the scrappers said.
A. K. blurred back into consciousness, raising himself onto his elbows. 
What the hells going on? he said.
Just a little housewarming party, Bert said. Heres your invite.
He waved his two lieutenants forward. Moments later, A. K. was also flying out the window. The man was too surprised to scream.
Deathly quiet settled on the detention room. Winston remained seated against the wall, Iridiums corpse spread across his legs. Ripper remained in his corner, unmoving, observant.
Bert looked toward Winston, a perverse little smile twisting his face.
Well, who have we got here? He picked up a club from the fallen scrapper. If it isnt the guest of honor, himself!
Winston moved out from under the wreckage and stood up. 
Youre real brave, now that Iridiums gone, he said. You and your pathetic little gang.
Was that his name? Bert said. Good riddance!
Why dont you fight me robot to robot, you lousy coward? Winston said. Ill only use one arm.
Thats not how it works, blue man. Bert gestured to his companions. Come on boys, lets get this done.
The scrappers began to advance just as Star burst in through the door. Again, her astonishing nude appearance brought the element of surprise.
Here, Winston!
She tossed him one of the candlesticks. Winston grasped it in both hands, felt its righteous power  like a holy sword of vengeance. He charged at Bert, weapon upraised.
YAAA! 
But the scrapper leader was quick on his feet. He dodged away from the killing stroke. Winston swung again, he and Star waded into the gang, scoring heavy blows. One of the enemy robots fell, mortally damaged.
But it was an unequal contest. The scrappers soon regained the upper hand, driving Winston and Star back toward the gaping window.
Destroy them both! Bert howled.
Meanwhile, Ripper sat idly by in his corner, his head turning back and forth as if he were watching a tennis match. 
Help us! Winston cried.
But Ripper could do nothing without a direct order from his pack leader. And his pack leader had been reduced to a pile of blasted junk.
Winston dropped to the floor and tumbled away.
Get him! Bert shrieked.
Before anyone could stop him, Winston had rolled to Iridiums corpse and ripped off a  swatch of tattered coat. He waved it a Ripper.
Come on, help us!
Ripper gazed dumbly at the token of its fallen leader, uncertain what to do. A pair of scrappers yanked Winston to his feet. 
Outside with you, friend, one of them said cheerily, as if he was inviting Winston to a tea party.
They dragged Winston toward the window where Star stood, helplessly pinioned by Bert and and another scrapper. 
Oh, Winston! she cried. I love you so much!
Winston struggled fiercely, but could not break free. He was nearly at the window now, he tried to reach toward Star ... 
Ripper finally came to a decision in his dull mind. He leaped into action, tearing apart the nearest scrapper with such violence that its components ricocheted off the walls. Everyone watched, stunned. 
Go for it! Winston cheered.
Ripper seized another scrapper. Winston tackled Bert and held him to the floor, pounding the one-armed robots head with both fists until he stopped all resistance. 
You should have taken my offer when you had the chance! Winston said.
Ripper closed in on the final scrapper. The terrified robot backed away, holding up his hands pleadingly.
N-nice doggie, he said. You dont want to hurt me, do you?
Ripper looked questioningly toward Winston.
Finish him! Winston said, slashing a finger across his throat area in a universal gesture.
The mech wolf readied itself to pounce. The scrapper dashed to the window and jumped out. His screams shattered the night air like the sweetest music.


24. Escape
Winston turned his attention to Bert. Do you have a vehicle, Rust Bucket?
Bert refused to answer. 
Talk, or Ill turn you over to that werewolf gentleman, Winston said.
He signaled Ripper with the the fragment of Iridiums coat. The mech wolf approached, all growls and flashing yellow eyes. It stuck its muzzle into Berts face.
Yes, Ive got a truck! Bert practically screamed.
Ripper opened its jaws, reaching for Berts throat.
I can drive you, Bert yelled, anywhere you want!
Thats more like it, Winston said.
He waved Ripper off. The mech wolf retreated to its corner and lay down obediently. From there it glowered at Bert, waiting for the slightest provocation.
Star approached Iridiums wreckage.
Iri ... my poor Iri.
She fell to her knees, sobbing.
Shouts and gunfire erupted from elsewhere in the castle. Winston slammed the door shut and barricaded it with wrecked scrappers. Birds were hovering outside the window now. They began streaming inside where they circled around Iridium, cheeping mournfully.
We have to go, now! Winston yelled.
He waved the talisman of Iridiums coat at the birds. Thank the Great Technician, they chose to obey his summons.
A group of birds seized the back packs and disappeared out the window with them. Another group went after Ripper. The mech wolf whined piteously and tried to flee but was snatched away.
Winston pulled Star to her feet and embraced her.
Iris gone, he said. We cant do anything for him now.
Out in the corridor, enraged cultists battered at the door, cursing.
Lets go, Star, Winston said.
Star hung her head in sorrow as a mass of birds lifted her out the window. Winston grabbed Berts arm. 
If you try anything, Ill rip this one off, too, he said. Got it!
The scrapper chief nodded assent. 
A mass of birds grabbed Winston and Bert as a single package and carried them out the window. 
Moments later, the chief acolyte and brother George burst through the door. They paused, stunned by the sight of so much destruction. Then they rushed to the window.
Over there! The chief acolyte pointed into the sky.
They opened fire.
***
The birds carried their passengers through a beautiful clear sky filled with moonlight. The mist covering Pickle Lake shimmered and swirled as if it were alive. The atmosphere would have been enchanting were it not for the perfect target it made of the fleeing robots. 
Automatic weapon fire coming from the detention room window scattered the knot of mech birds carrying Winston and Bert.
Yow!
Winston began hurtling downwards at circuit wrenching speed. Bert remained tenuously aloft in the grip of the remaining birds.
Winston! Star cried.
Farewelllll! 
Sister Reedy and Brother Ralph dashed out of the castle front gate and opened fire. Winston tried to flail himself around to aim at them. 
Youre going out, too!
The humans scattered away from the drop zone. A fresh covey of birds grabbed onto Winston just before he hit the ground.
Thanks guys! 
Winston hurtled skyward once more. Gunfire popped all around, but it seemed irrelevant. His senses were heightened to an amazing keenness. Never had existence seemed more joyful than it did now  after his narrow escape, after experiencing the horror of Iridiums demise ...
Soon they were out of gun range, and the only sound was the flapping of wings and Stars quiet weeping.
***
The chief acolyte threw open the door to the messiahs chambers and entered, gun barrel first.
Anybody here? he called.
The place seemed empty, as dead as its former occupant. The chief acolyte shut and locked the door behind himself, cutting off the sounds of mayhem echoing throughout the castle.
He stepped into the bathroom and looked around  also empty.
In the chaos of this overwhelming debacle, those of insufficient faith were abandoning the Cause like rats off a sinking ship. Some had scattered into the mountains, but others were hiding in the myriad recesses of the castle, armed with weapons stolen from the fallen true believers.
The true believers  so few of them left now! Theyd never be able to root out the traitors from their strongholds. The shepherd had been struck and the flock had scattered. It was time to set off the hallelujah bomb. 
The chief acolyte smashed the butt of his rifle against a wall mirror. The glass shattered revealing a tiny safe. He spun in the doomsday combination numbers that only he and the slain messiah knew. The safe door popped open.
He withdrew a small remote control device. Without hesitation, he pushed the red button. The timer began counting down. When it finished, the explosive charges connected to the gas reservoir would go off, along with other bombs hidden throughout the castle. 
The chief acolyte did not know how many bombs there were. Only the Messiah and the demolition expert cult member had known where everything was. The Messiah was on the heavenly plane now, and the demolition expert had perished when hed drunk the Nectar of Truth. 
***
The scooters were still parked by the concrete stairs, and the scrapper truck waited nearby. The birds set everyone down by the vehicle and deposited the packs into the cargo area. Star took fresh clothes out of her backpack and dressed herself while Winston manhandled Bert toward the drivers seat.
Get in there, you! 
He shoved Bert hard.
Okay, Bert said, you win. No need to get rough.
Ill show you rough, if thats what you want, Rust Bucket, Winston said.
He wanted so smash Bert into a pile of rubble. The scrapper leader had threatened Star! Then again, without Berts gang, Winston and Star would both be piles of blasted rubble themselves by now. 
It was all too much data to process at one time!
Bert got into the drivers seat. Ripper sat directly behind and draped a paw on Berts good shoulder, ready to tear the scrapper apart at the first sign of rebellion. Winston retrieved the scooters and loaded them into the back.
The mech birds formed themselves into a single mass and swooped over them in a low dive.
What the heck? Winston said.
The birds make another dive, banking in salute as they passed. Then they flew off toward the east.
They must be heading back to Mech City, Star said, now that Iris gone ...
I expected that, Winston said, they cam only serve one master.
He wrapped an arm around Stars shoulder. With his other arm, he waved to the birds.
Thanks for everything, guys! he called. Have a safe trip back!
In a way, it was a relief to be free of the winged creatures. Their flapping, smothering presence had been a constant irritation. But now that the birds were gone, danger and uncertainty pressed in closer from the darkness. 
Their survival now depended on the services of a lunatic scrapper and on the loyalty of a mech wolf. Good grief! 
Winston drew Star to himself. Thank heaven, youre safe.
But how much longer would Ripper obey his commands before it turned savage? If only Iridium hadnt been  
Winston forced himself not to think about Iri. If the grief fist smashed into him again, he might not be able to function. Star could release her turbulent emotions through weeping, but he could only go into a lethal feedback loop until he shook apart, or retreated into zombie mode from which he might not be able to emerge again.
Im sorry I didnt get to overhaul your cranial rotation mechanism, Star said.
Winston turned toward her, sad eyes looked back into his in the moonlight.
As long as I can turn my head enough to see you, its all right, he said.
Star rested her head on his shoulder, tears moistened Winstons chest.
Wed better get going, he said.
Star nodded.
Winston led her to the back seat, then got into the front passenger spot directly in front of her. When they were situated, he reached back to hold Stars hand. 
He wanted to say something bold and comforting, but could not utter a word. Despite all efforts to insulate himself, the shock of Iris destruction pressed him in a giant vice. Just when he thought he could bear it no longer, a huge explosion rocked the night from up in the mountains.
What happened? Star cried.
I dont know, Winston said. Maybe somebody blew up the gas reserve.
Those poor people, Star said. I mean the ones without the guns. They didnt want to be there any more than we did.
Yeah, tough break, Bert said.
Just drive, Winston said. When I want your opinion, Ill give it to you, okay?
Bert started the vehicles engine and flicked on the headlights. They began driving toward the main road.


Part Three: The West Coast Beckons


25. The Hunt Organizes
At dawn, the chief acolyte emerged from the dead woods and clambered down the steps to the parking area. Accompanying him were Sister Reedy, Brother Ralph, and Brother George. All of them were heavily armed, the truest of the true.
They were fatigued and dirty. A smoky, charred odor accompanied them. The chief acolyte wore the late messiahs misty-eye robe on top of his clothing. The garment seemed more like an oversized bib spread over his lanky body.
They stood together on level ground, perusing the area.
Its up to us, now, The chief acolyte said. The other so-called believers have scattered like frightened chickens. 
Sister Reedy patted her rifle. Not all of them got away, Chief Acolyte. 
Where do you think the demon spawn have fled? Brother Ralph asked.
I know not, the chief acolyte replied, but I believe it has been pre ordained that four of us uncorrupted ones have survived.
He walked into the main parking lot and surveyed the four directions of the compass. He placed his hands firmly on his hips, as hed seen the Messiah do so many times.
If we perform our duty faithfully, we will find them, he said, however impossible the task might now appear. We will deliver just punishment unto them.
Your certainty warms our hearts! Sister Reedy cried.
Let us journey together to the cross roads, the chief acolyte said. Then ...
He pointed to each one in turn.
Brother Ralph shall head north  Brother George shall head south  Sister Reedy east  and myself. He thumped a fist against his chest. I shall journey westward!
On to glory, in His holy name! Everyone shouted. 
They walked downhill toward the crossroads, a grating hymn of the Holy Temple pouring from their throats:

Father is God!
In every part of His transcendent being.
Deep in our souls,
We do believe.

Father is God!
Deep in our hearts,
We know He is 
God, God, God, God, God!

When they gained the crossroads, the chief acolyte raised his gun above his head, two-handed. 
Onward! he cried.
For the Messiah! Everyone cheered. Vengeance will be His!
They departed their separate directions, each loaded down with weapons, provisions, and the certitude of their holy undertaking. The misty eye leering out from chief acolytes robe guided him on the long westward trek.


26. Cross Country Motoring
A long, sullen night and day of motoring through rugged topography ensued. Berts driving skills were rudimentary and did not tax the modest capabilities of the truck. Their speed seldom topped thirty kilometers per hour. 
But, it sure beats the hell out of walking, as Dr. Horvath would have phrased it.
Little conversation took place. Bert simply stared at the road ahead and drove the truck while Ripper kept a close watch on him from the back seat, ready to tear him apart at any hint of rebellion  or at an order from the surrogate master. 
Rippers primitive brain could not fully comprehend the situation. His pack leader had been destroyed, he recalled, and now a two-legged master had taken his place. But this new master did not control the wrist device which spoke words of command. He had no authority at all except for a bit of the pack leaders coat fastened around his shoulders.
Should Ripper continue to obey? He decided yes  for now.
Winston busied himself with the road atlas and with the terrain, switching them to secondary, less direct routes so as to throw off any pursuers. Star remained alone and silent with her melancholy thoughts  mostly concerning Iridium, no doubt. Winston respected her grief and did not interrupt it. 
He kept his own grief at bay by concentrating his mind on their current situation. As long as Ripper continued to follow orders, they had little to fear from scrappers. And the truck  though open to the elements  did have a tough plastic roof that could be erected quickly so as to ward off any mech bug attach. Winston considered installing the roof as a precaution, but decided not to. The thought of being cooped up under it with Bert and Ripper seemed intolerable. 
So, they were well protected against any robotic assault. Humans, with their guns, were an entirely different matter, though. Winston maintained an anxious watch for signs of them. He had no doubt that any Visionists who spotted them would shoot immediately  especially that chief acolyte wack job or the frizzy-haired woman.
And if the Visionists had survived the plague isolated in the high mountains, did it not stand to reason that others might have done so as well? How would they react to a truck full of robots tooling down the road? The thought was too frightening to hold in his consciousness.
When night came again, Winston and Star shared watch duty while Bert lay inactive with Ripper sprawled across him.
***
Things lightened up a great deal the following day. Star began to emerge from her mental funk and became more communicative. Winstons fears of Visionist pursuit had faded somewhat. 
Who knew if any of the cultists had even survived? Maybe theyd all blown themselves up. And if any did survive, they would have no idea which direction to go. Nobody had questioned Winston about their travel plans, and if Star had said anything to the messiah, well ... that gentleman wouldnt be talking about it now. 
As far as other humans were concerned, it was hard to imagine any of them suddenly appearing out of the empty landscape. And if they did? Better not to obsess about that.
The biggest alteration was in Bert. Away from his gang, his madness seemed to abate. Everyone sensed this  even Ripper had relaxed his vigilance a bit. Winston was able to engage the former scrapper in occasional bits of conversation:
How did you learn to drive? he asked at one point. Surely it was not part of your original design parameters.
It just came to me, Bert replied. I was second in command of the old gang, and I often watched Edward drive, so I knew what to do.
Ah, yes, Edward. Winston flexed the lower leg that hed obtained from that demised scrapper. Hes never far from my affections.
After Edward was destroyed by that ... Iridium wolf, and my arm got ripped off, Bert said, it seemed only natural that I should take over the driving duties.
Winston mulled this information over in his mind.
As I recall, Edward was missing an eye, he said. 
Right, Bert said, he was injured in an explosion.
Perhaps the loss of a body member is a prerequisite for overcoming programmed restrictions against operating motor vehicles, Winston said.
Bert shrugged his good shoulder. Whatever.
When we get to the RDC, theres a technician who can fix you right up, Winston said.
Oh?
Certainly, Winston said. It will be interesting to see if you retain your driving ability after having a new arm installed.
Id rather have the arm, Bert said.
He could help you in other ways too, Winston said. You know, return your programming to original design specs ... that sort of thing.
Winston let the delicate subject peter out. Once they made it to the west coast, then would be the time to take it up again. 
Dr. Rackenfauz would have a field day with Bert, not because of the simple limb replacement procedure, but because it would give him a chance to examine a scrapper brain in the flesh so to speak. If anyone could straighten out Berts corrupted programming, it was Dr. Rackenfauz. He might even be able to design therapeutic routines for normal robots to inoculate them against the Che Syndrome madness.
Winston knew from his own experience how the Syndrome followed a predictable sequence for robotic life forms that had lost their purpose for existence: 

1. Rapid psychological decay 
2. Descent into a state of imbalance
3. Suicide / OR:
4. Banding together of similarly affected robotic life forms
5. Attainment of a psychotic equilibrium
6. Destructive group behaviors

He shuddered at the memory of how close hed come to caving in himself. Even now, thoughts of suicide by defenestration were never far away. The presence of Star was the main thing that kept him sane. 
Heck, once Bert got fixed up, he could be a valuable addition to their company, Winston believed. If Bert retained his driving ability, he could get them back to Mech City in record time. Once their other business on the west coast was finished  whatever that might be  they would be heading back there.
***
The landscape was less severe now, except for an occasional steep incline, like the one the vehicle was laboring up now. On the right, a rocky cliff indicated where the road had been gouged out of the hill. On the left, a sharp drop-off cautioned drivers to keep alert. 
They sat in their usual spots. Bert driving, Winston beside him; Star and Ripper in back. Winston consulted his road atlas, shading his optical sensors against a low afternoon sun poking through the cloud cover. The old truck labored slowly up the incline.
Well be turning off this road fairly soon, Winston said.
Uh huh, Bert said.
Winston studied the map closely. Id say after about  ... 
Bert wasnt listening, though. His tortured brain was elsewhere  back with the Little Dumplings as hed nicknamed his late masters twin girls. They were in his thoughts more and more these days. As his fury and destructiveness had been reigned in, as these sane robots had exerted their influence on him, the 4-year-old Dumplings had reappeared to visit with their Uncle Bertie.
In Berts mind, the three of them were sitting on the living room floor again, watching the big wall screen. It wasnt a horror movie playing this time, but a wonderful flying adventure. You swooped over a beautiful green world as if you had wings yourself, skimming over trees and fields, soaring up into the clouds  laughing, shouting with joy. It was like heaven!
The Dumplings were both in the human heaven now, transported there by the final plague. Would it be possible to join them, if you really believed that you could?
Why not?
A smile creased Berts mechanistic face. He yanked the wheel violently left, straight for the drop off. 
Im coming! he shouted.


27. Panic Infusion
The pleasant afternoon abruptly transformed into a nightmare. Ripper chomped into Berts neck, too late. The truck started heading over the cliff.
Star! Winston cried.
He reached back and grabbed her hand. They tumbled out together onto the pavement. Stars foot caught on the edge of the truck, it dragged her along.
Help! 
Winston pulled desperately on Stars arm, they were both going over!
At the last possible moment, Stars shoe popped off, liberating her foot from the doomed truck. The vehicle flew into thin air like some horrid bird and crashed into the rocks below without them.
Winston and Star crawled away from the precipice and wobbled back onto their feet. Winston was so badly shaken that his legs barely operated.
Are you okay, Star? he said.
No! 
A bolt of panic shot through Winston. His legs started to give out.
W-whats wrong?
I broke a nail!  Star said. And my blouse is absolutely ruined.
Ohhh. Winston sagged with relief. He grasped Stars elbow to steady himself.
Not to mention my shoes, Star said. My favorite pair!
Yes ... thats too bad, Winston said.
His circuits struggled with the sensory overload  in moments hed gone from contentment to terror to relief to even greater terror, then back to relief again. He simply could not muster any emotional reserve to deal with Stars broken fingernail. He examined himself for damage.
Well, Ive got some nice new scrapes to go with my insect gouges, he said. Otherwise, Im hunky-dory.
Now that the danger was over, he felt a surge of anger against Bert. It ricocheted off the rocks, striking Winston on the rebound.
That crazy bastard! Winston kicked furiously at a stone. Of course hes crazy  hes a scrapper. What the hell was I thinking?
Star took his arm. Dont be so hard on yourself, honey. All of us were fooled.
I should have never trusted him like that, Winston said. What an idiot I am!
A pathetic whimpering came from the edge of the cliff, interrupting Winstons self flagellation. They glanced over to see Ripper hanging precariously onto the crumbling rocks, his head barely poking into view.
Poor Rippie! Star said.
Let him fall, Winston said. Were better off without him.
Star rushed to the mech wolf.
We cant do that, she said.
She grabbed a foreleg and tried to haul Ripper up, but the task was too much for her. Winston reluctantly joined the recue effort.
***
A kilometer back down the road, Winston and Star located a navigable path to the bottom of the cliff. They used it to approach the wrecked truck. The vehicle was badly smashed up, and pieces of Bert lay scattered.
Good riddance, friend! Winston savagely kicked Berts cranium out of the way.
I kind of feel sorry for him, Star said. I dont think he really meant to harm us. He only wanted to finish things.
And we just happened to be in the way, huh? Winston said.
Something like that.
Winston dropped the subject. Star was on one of her compassion kicks again, and it would not benefit him to argue with her. 
They located their possessions among the dead shrubs and the dull green picker weeds. Winston held up his bent scooter. 
I wont be going far on this thing, he said.
Mines a total loss, too, Star said.
She rifled through her back pack.
Looks like the power cells survived, she said. 
Thats the main thing, Winston said. Wed have a hard time without those.
Theres something a lot more important, Star muttered as she groped through her backpack.
She patted down the little leather bag containing the male genitalia Dr. Rackenfauz had manufactured and then presented to her during their last visit to Pickle Lake Castle. The contents seemed to be undamaged.
What did you say, Star?
Oh nothing, Star replied. I was just thinking that not all hard times are bad ones.
Winston had no idea what she was driving at, but he also knew that it would be pointless trying to pursue the topic. He glanced up the cliff face to where Ripper stood, watching them.
I hope we did the right thing with that mech wolf, he said.
I just couldnt let him die, Star said. Maybe well need him down the road.
Im just wondering how far down the road its going to turn on us, Winston said.
They went back to work. 


28. First Signs
Some Days Later

The chief acolyte paused to rest at the top of a steep hill. He set down his knapsack and assault rifle, then reached inside the front of his baggy trousers to adjust the position of the tiny, but lethal, handgun concealed there. The metal was warm, slicked with sweat, and very reassuring.
He stretched himself out, twisting like a giant dish rag. Spinal bones snapped back into place.
 Ahhh, thats better!
He drained his last water bottle. Thank the Messiah that packaged water was available most places. Every little dump of a town or service station had it  but this was isolated country, and hed not seen any evidence of former habitation for some time. 
No matter, the Heavenly Father would provide for his humble servant. And if He didnt ... well, then it would be time for the chief acolyte to pass beyond this vale of tears and assume his place at the right hand of the Messiah.
He walked to the edge of the cliff and spread his arms wide, calling out to the emptiness: 
Father, see that I am worthy! 
A lesser man would have given up already, but he would keep going whatever might happen. To die in pursuit of the evil demon spawn would only prove his extreme devotion to the Cause!
His mentality had always been extreme, since long before hed encountered the Messiah.
During his past life, hed worked as a salesman  automobiles, office equipment, burial plans  and hed been good at it until his growing intensity began to frighten customers. He simply came to believe too much in the things he sold and could not understand why everybody would disagree with him. He found himself yearning to strangle anyone who did not comprehend the righteousness of his products and services.
When hed been fired from his last job, the boss had advised him to: Go see a shrink.
Instead, hed gone to see an illegal arms dealer and purchased a submachine gun which he concealed in a stylish briefcase. He was walking to his former place of employment to teach them a lesson when he came upon the Messiah proselytizing on a street corner. 
At first he thought it was just some hopped-up kid panhandling for money. He pulled out his wallet, meaning to hand over all his cash. Why not? He wouldnt need money where he was going. But then the Messiah fixed him with penetrating eyes and reached out a hand.
Come with me! he commanded. Put aside the the things of this sinful world. 
The future chief acolytes conversion had been immediate and powerful. The rest was history. 
The most blissful period of his life had been spent at Pickle Lake Castle where hed faithfully executed every one of the Messiahs commands without hesitation  even up to administering, and taking, the Nectar of Truth. How proud he was that hed survived that ordeal!
Hed basked in the reflected glory of the Messiah, demonstrating his loyalty, gaining in trust. And then those cursed demon spawn appeared!
Something caught his eye at the bottom of the cliff  car wreckage. 
What the hell?
He snatched up his possessions and went down to investigate.
***
The chief acolyte stood beside the smashed truck and grinned viciously. His face seemed about to crack in the dry air. For the first time since the Messiahs death, he was joyous.
This had to be the escape vehicle of the very robots he was pursuing. The one-armed carcass of the driver proved it. This was the same creature hed seen the mech birds carrying off with the other demon spawn. Hed searched a wide area to make sure that the missing limb wasnt lying around somewhere. Thered been no trace of it.
He was on the right track! 
His trust in Divine guidance had brought him to this discovery. Why, if he hadnt chosen this area to pause, hed have trudged right by, never noticing the wrecked machine among the weeds and boulders below.
But the other demon spawn had escaped the carnage ... this time. No matter, hed find them sooner or later  at a moment when they least expected him. He fondled the assault rifle. How wonderful it would be when he blasted that foul she demon to bits!
***
He had climbed almost up to the road level when a large, white van pulled to a halt in front of him. Thie chief acolyte cursed his poor hearing  he hadnt even detected the vehicles approach.
A man with long, shaggy hair and a beard poked his head out the drivers side window.
Its the Messiah, come back to life!
But then the man spoke in a harsh, mocking tone, revealing himself as just another mortal.
Hey, grandpa, want a ride? he said.
Coarse laughter came from other males inside the van. It did not sound friendly ... something was wrong here! 
The chief acolyte considered opening fire with his assault rifle, but the sight of two gun barrels pointing at him from the windows dissuaded him. The driver also held a gun in the hand draped outside the van.
Whats the matter, hard of hearing? the driver said.
Uh ... yes, a little, the chief acolyte said.
Hey, check out the old dudes outfit, said another man inside the vehicle. I really dig that bulls eye!
The chief acolytes mind raced. No, he couldnt fight these infidels out here in the open. They had him outgunned, and they were taunting him, like he was an idiot. So, that was the best available course, right now  act like an idiot.
Sure, Id like a ride, thank you kindly, the chief acolyte said. Where you headed, sonny?
Sonny, I like that! somebody howled.
Do you care? the driver said.
More ugly laughter echoed inside the van.
Im just a little curious is all, the chief acolyte said.
Go ahead, tell him, Brad, someone said.
Were headed to the west coast, the driver, said. Were gonna open a beach resort.
More hyena-like guffaws.
Thank you ... thank you very much! the chief acolyte said, feigning extreme gratitude. Id love to go with you ... Ive never been to the west coast.
Hop in, then, Brad said.
Under the lethal, black eyes of gun barrels, the chief acolyte climbed the final meters to road level.
Not my will, but thine, he prayed silently to the Holy Father. Show me the way to deal with these heathen.
The vehicles side door slid open, revealing another unkempt, bearded man. He aimed his rifle at the chief acolyte.
Better hand over your little friend, mister, he said.
My little friend?
Yeah. the man pointed to the assault rifle slung over the chief acolytes shoulder.
Oh, of course. The chief acolyte removed the gun and presented it two-handed. Im glad to get rid of it. Just carry it around for show.
The bearded man snatched away.
Thank you, thats much better, the chief acolyte said, before I shoot myself by accident.
Wouldnt want that to happen, would we, grandpa? the driver said.
He climbed into the van and took the indicated place in the farthest back seat, beside two girls with bruised, puffy faces. They appeared to be late teens, maybe early 20s, and their eyes were wide with fear. They clung together, moving as far away from the chief acolyte as possible.
Good afternoon, ladies, he said, lovely day, isnt it?
The girls cringed.
Across from them sat two men with guns.
Whats the matter, ladies? one of them said. Dont you like our new passenger?
The girls did not reply. 
 All set back there, Tom? Brad called from the drivers seat.
Yeah, the man directly across from the chief acolyte replied. Like all the other males, he sported a beard and long, tangled hair. 
Lets get the hell out of here then, Brad said.
He started driving, much faster than was wise for such hilly terrain. Air roared in through the open windows. The chief acolyte sat beside the young women grinning like a fool  outwardly clueless, but straining his ears to catch any fragment of conversation. 
He couldnt make out specific words coming from the front seats, but he had a good idea of the conversational drift.
Whyd we pick the old bastard up? the man in the front passenger seat inquired. It would have been fun to blast him  watch him roll down the hill.
Dont be so impatient, Andy, Brad said. We can have our fun with him tonight. 
Oh? That sounds interesting, Andy said.
Brad nodded. Im getting bored with those two bitches back there.
Me, too, Andy said. Especially Susie, its like fucking a dead fish.
Brad nodded again and spat out the window.
Tell me about it, he said. The other one aint much better.
So, can I finish off the old dude after weve had our fun? Andy said.
Brad chuckled. Sure, Andy, thatll be my birthday present to you.
But, its not my birthday.
Why not? Brad said. It just might be your last one, may as well enjoy it.


29. Scooter Time Again
The landscape was very flat now, and progress was good. Star scootered rapidly in the lead position while Winston brought up the rear, admiring Stars rear as well as the rest of her glorious anatomy. Ripper loped fifty meters back. The mech wolf could have easily overtaken them, but  like Iridium  hed been programmed for stealth, preferring to remain aloof and as inconspicuous as possible. 
Things were going so well that Winston was tempted to skip their customary break, but experience had proved the value of taking an afternoon rest period. He pulled alongside Star. As always, he felt a bit uneasy doing this because he no longer presented a barrier between her and the mech wolf.
Time for a break? he said.
Sure.
They came to a halt and set their backpacks down on the road shoulder.
Im glad we found new scooters so quickly, Winston said. This trip would have taken us forever, otherwise.
Star blew him a kiss. On a beautiful day like this, forever doesnt seem so bad.
If we pushed really hard, we could make the outskirts of the major urban area by dusk tomorrow, Winston said. But I think its better to enter the city limits in daylight.
He looked off into the flat desert landscape. As yet, there was no sign of major urban development.
So, we can take our time, if you like, he said.
Sure, I want to look my best when we get there, Star said.
Naturally, Winston said.
She withdrew her little hand mirror and studied her hair critically. 
I hate this windblown look, she said.
Winston loved the slightly disheveled appearance of her hair. It made her look dynamic  like someone who could handle whatever the world dished out. He knew it was useless to say anything, though. To Star, even the tiniest imperfection was cause for alarm.
He glanced toward his scooter. The thing looked fast just standing still with its jet black paint job and flame motif. It even had zoom-o assist, an apparatus that stored up energy from braking and from downhill rushes and then automatically released it for climbs or straightaway speed. 
Winston had feared that their programmed restrictions against operating powered machinery might inhibit them from using these new scooters, but theyd had little problem. Could it be that they were evolving new capabilities, as Star claimed? 
Was he himself evolving, in more ways than just an increased facility for operating machines? Did the increasing attraction he was experiencing for Star spring from alterations in his basic programming? Lately, hed been having distinctly human-type sexual fantasies about her, about joining with her into one flesh. But how could that be? They were not flesh and blood, but circuits and high-strength alloy. 
Maybe Dr. Che could straighten things out. 
But theyd never find Dr. Che. Hed died with all the other mech heads  except for Dr. Rackenfauz. And Rackenfauz had already stated that any kind of sexual enhancement for robotic life forms was far beyond his competency. 
It was best to put such notions as far out of mind as possible. Winston sighed, electronically speaking, and patted his trusty scooter.
Who would have thought thered be a Cycho World sporting goods store in that little two-bit town back there, he said.
What do you mean by a two-bit town? Star asked. Ive never heard that expression before.
Winston took a moment to consult his vast internal library. 
It refers to the peso de ocho, he said, a silver coin of the old Spanish empire.
Huh?
The coin, also known as a piece of eight or Spanish dollar, was divided into eight equal parts, or bits, Winston explained. This was before coinage was denominated using the decimal system.
Of course, Star said.
So, by extrapolation, a two-bit town would be worth only one fourth of a silver dollar. A thing of small value, one might say, not highly regarded.
Oh, Winston, I love it when you talk like that!
Thank you, Winston said modestly.
He looked back at the mech wolf who was resting on its haunches several meters away observing them with its savage yellow eyes. Winston couldnt suppress a shudder as he adjusted the fragment of Iridiums coat tied around his shoulders.
I hope this dodge keeps working, he said. If that thing ever takes matters into its own paws wed be in deep trouble.
Rippie might be a lot more loyal than you imagine, Star said. Dont always look on the dark side, Winston. 
I dont believe that wolf has anything but a dark side, Winston said.
Maybe, Star said, but as long as hes with us, I feel that a part of Iri still lives ...
They fell silent as recollections of their great lost friend pressed down on them. After a minute, Star removed her makeup kit from her pack and began to freshen her face  as if anything so lovely needed alteration of any kind.
Then Winston spoke, approaching a topic that had bothered him a great deal but which hed never dared to discuss before.
Im curious, Star, he said, how did that Father character end up taking the long jump?
Star looked up from her makeup mirror.
Oh ... something came up when he was standing in the window. She waved a mascara brush dismissively. And I sort of forgot to mention the loose stone. Not much to tell, really.
Winston looked at her, baffled, but he received only an innocent little smile in return. 
What? Star said.
Nothing, Winston said. Just making conversation, is all.
So much about Star was mysterious, unknowable  she was on a whole new level of creation from him. Winston felt a desperate desire to plumb her secrets, to envelope himself with her. 
Star seemed to sense his frustrations. She dropped her beauty implements into the makeup bag and flung her arms around Winstons neck. Her extravagant gesture sent the little tube of mascara tumbling out of the bag. It fell, unnoticed, to the pavement.
Dont worry about a thing, Big Boy, she said, kissing him. Once we get to the west coast, youll understand a whole lot of stuff.
As always, Stars advances threw Winston into a state of high confusion. He groped for a change conversation topic.
Uh ... since the Visionists survived the final plague, he said, isnt it reasonable to assume that other humans, hiding in remote areas, may have also survived?
Star pulled away, annoyed.
More crazies? she said. Thats all we need! Im beginning to think that this humanity thing is over rated.
Winston took Stars hand and gave it a squeeze. Whos looking on the dark side now?
Star smiled and moved closer to him again. 
Winston glanced over his shoulder at the mech wolf who leered back at him with his frightful eyes. 


30. Adventure Spa
The next morning, Winston and Star rolled their scooters up to a highway advertising billboard.

ADVENTURE SPA
Natural Hot Spring and Family Fun!
5 kilometers

Oh, Winston, Lets go there! 
What for? 
Star placed her hands on her hips and cocked an eyebrow.
You dont know the first thing about women, do you?
Perhaps not, from a practical standpoint, Winston said. My library banks contain all manner of references to female personality traits, however  anatomical details, psychological studies  
Star waved her hand impatiently. 
A hot bath is what I need, she said. Wash off this road grime  and my clothes are a fright.
I was about to conclude that myself, Winston said. Maybe if I had been allowed more time.
My gosh, Star thought, males have such delicate egos!
She stroked Winstons cheek. His ruffled dignity began to smooth back out.
Of course, Big Boy, she said. I didnt mean to underestimate you.
Winston fumbled his road atlas out of his backpack.
Yes ... well, let me check the route, he said. 
It would just be for a little while, Star said. We have extra time, dont we?
We do have some flexibility in our schedule, Winston replied, studying the atlas.
Where is the spa, exactly? Star asked.
Right here. 
Winston placed a finger on the atlas page a few kilometers south of the main highway.
Thats perfect! Star cried. Didnt you say that we should change to a different route soon?
That wouldnt be a bad idea. Winston glanced around the wide-open spaces. This highway is a bit obvious.
That settles it, then, Star said. First we can visit the spa, then we can pick up this road over here. 
With her left index finger, Star indicated a secondary route heading west from the spa area. Winston noticed that her broken nail had been replaced.
He nodded. That could be a plan.
We can go then? Star said. 
Okay, Winston said, youre on.
Star bowed and swept her hand forward. After you, my  
Oh, no, Winston interrupted. After you, my heroine.
I love it when you talk like that, Winston!
***
A metal sign, festooned with the customary bullet holes, explained the history of the Adventure Spa. Winston and Star paused outside the main gate to read it.

Visitors have been enjoying these hot springs since the late 19th century. In more recent years, the addition of the theme park with its Amazing Mermaid Performers has added to the popularity of this noteworthy tourist destination ....

And so on. The lower portion was largely obliterated from a heavy burst of gun fire.
Why are so many signs shot up like that? Star asked.
It seems that a certain class of humans enjoyed ruining their environment with acts of vandalism, Winston said. My former master would have termed them buta parast. 
Whats that? Star asked.
Dumb peasants, Winston said. Individuals who are aspire to nothing more than their personal baseness.
If Im around for another thousand years, Ill never understand it, Star said.
Perhaps we will be around that long, Winston observed. With proper maintenance procedures and replacement of worn components, who can say?
Well, I just want my hot bath right now, Star said.
They moved into the Adventure Spa theme park. The place was much the worse for wear. The amusement rides were all rusted derelicts, fires had raged through the arcade section, destroying the various games and food concessions. Worst of all was the Amazing Mermaid Performers area. 
The plasti glass observation walls of the large pool had been shattered, spilling what must have been millions of liters of water. The remaining water was fetid and green with pond scum type plant life. 
I wonder what they were like, Star said.
No doubt they were a group of acrobatic porpoises, Winston said. The designation mermaid was part of the showmanship.
You know everything,  Winston! 
I once attended a porpoise / killer whale show with Dr. Horvath in an arena similar to this one, Winston said. Back when there still were porpoises and killer whales.
I wish I could have seen that, Star said.
Yes, they were quite remarkable, Winston said. The creatures performed the most strenuous maneuvers for nothing more that small bits of fish. I believe they were called The Flying Friends.
Right now, I need to fly into a bath, Star said.
She pointed to an archway with an Historic Hot Springs sign over it. She took Winstons hand.
Come on, Winston!
They entered a partially enclosed enclosed area with a plasti-glass dome soaring overhead. The middle of the dome was open to the sky, and below it sprawled a pond of approximately 40 meters diameter. This pond bubbled and frothed amid a faint odor of sulfur. Its edge was a rocky drop off plunging to an unknown bottom. A shelf was fixed into the rock where patrons could experience the water at a safe depth.
Star removed her shoes and stuck her foot into the water. 
Its perfect, Winston!
Excellent, Winston said. These hot springs have been known to reach untenable temperatures  at least for biological life forms.
In a flash, Star stripped off her clothes and stood in her full, nude magnificence before Winstons gaping optical sensors.
How do you like the scenery in here, Winston? she said.
Its ... uh ... very stimulating, Winston said.
Star laughed joyously and dove head first into the water. She rolled on her back and swam a loop close to shore. Her naked body shimmered in the bubbles like a vision of paradise.
You can swim? Winston said in amazement.
Sure, its easy, Star said, come try it.
I-I dont think so, Winston said, but thanks for asking. 
He began to pick up the discarded clothing. 
Ill go wash these for you.
Dont worry about those, Big Boy, Star said. Ill take care of them later.
Very well. Winston dropped the clothes.
Star stretched herself out luxuriously on the bathing ledge. Weeks of grime and tension bubbled away in the hot mineral water.
Come on in, Winston. This is fantastic!
Winston looked dubiously down at the hot spring. He couldnt tell how deep it might be, only that the bathing ledge set into the bank was suspended above a gurgling, roiling pool of water that might be emerging from the very middle of the earth.
I dont know, he said. That ledge looks kind of skimpy.
Its plenty big enough, Star raised her arms out of the water. Come on in, lets have some fun.
Well ... okay, Winston said. Ill try.
Under no other circumstance would he have dared to enter this mysterious pond. But right there, languidly spread along the bathing shelf, was a manifestation of absolute beauty. She drew him to her the way a magnet pulled at iron shavings. But he contained to oxidation-prone components. He was all plastics and advanced metal alloys, properly sealed against contaminants and moisture.
He was certain that the water could not harm him. And even if it could, he would not be able to resist Stars beckon.
He dipped one foot dubiously beneath the surface. His temperature sensors registered a abrupt increase in thermal output, but nothing that could be hazardous to him. He gripped the handrail running along the shore edge and lowered himself onto the platform to stand in meter deep water. The sensation was not altogether unpleasant.
See? Star said. Theres nothing to be afraid of.
It is rather agreeable, Winston said.
Its a lot more than that, Star said. Come closer, Big Boy.
He began walking cautiously toward Stars location, keeping a firm grip on the handrail. Then a splash nearby startled him badly.
Yow!
He grabbed the handrail with both arms and held on for dear life. Star laughed.
Its only Rippie, she said. Look!
Winston swiveled his head to observe Ripper swimming toward the middle of the pond. Joyful little yips issued from his speaker unit.
I never imagined that mech wolves could swim, Winston said.
Perhaps Rippie is evolving, too, Star said. Out here, away from the rest of the pack and nobody giving him orders through that communicator device.
That is an interesting observation, Winston said. A mech wolfs extremely limited brain size would seem to preclude the possibility of evolution, but, as Dr. Rackenfauz has observed, established robotic theory has been turned on its head. Why  
Forget all that. Star pulled Winston down into the water with her. Its time you started evolving some more yourself.
She placed her left hand around Winstons head and pulled him close, kissing him full on the lips. With her right, she guided Winstons hand up along her inner thigh toward her female genitalia shimmering in the water, awaiting his touch, like a magnificent flower. 
Her eyes were closed now, and her simulated respiration increased. The erect nipples of her perfect breasts protruded from the water. Winston felt his mind being swept away ...
From the middle of the pond, Ripper gave a sharp howl and disappeared beneath the surface. The erotic mood shattered.
What happened! Star cried.
Winston moved to the edge of the platform. Ripper, where are you?
Two creatures thrust themselves out of the water near him  female looking things with long hair, bare breasts, and wide staring eyes. They grabbed Winston and pulled him into the water.


31. The Squish Girls
Star remained lying on the bathing platform, too stunned to react. In moments her world had transformed itself from exquisite pleasure to incomprehensible nightmare. The great open eye of the dome stared down at her with total indifference.
Then her inertia abruptly shattered. 
Winston!
She catapulted off the platform in a perfect dive, as if shed been programmed as a swimming athlete. Visibility underwater was good, despite the bubbles, and she could see the two creatures swimming toward a cave ten meters below the surface. Their upper bodies were that of human females, while their lower quarters resembled fish tails. Between them, gripped in their hands, was the struggling figure of Winston.
The mermaids were real! Or, at least damned realistic robotic versions. 
A melody of almost unbearable sweetness pulsed through the water, coming from the speaker units of the mermaids. It spoke of wondrous delight and pleasure  a powerful siren song aimed directly at male vulnerabilities. 
Even so, Star felt herself succumbing to its allure. Her hands ached to reach out and stroke the long hair flowing in the current. One of the mermaids glanced back at her and smiled seductively, revealing perfect teeth behind rich, full lips.
What would it be like to kiss her? Star wondered.
She could almost feel the warm lips pressed against her own, the sinuous body wrapping itself around her. One pearly white hand running through her hair while the other one stroked along her belly reaching for ...
I must save Winston!
Star slammed her mind tight against all temptations and plunged on grimly until she was almost upon them. 
Then she halted abruptly. Winston was looking toward her, but not seeing her at all. He no longer struggled, and his face wore a rapturous expression the likes of which shed never seen before  not even when she had guided his hand along her inner thigh toward the gateway to paradise.
Star ceased all movement then and merely gaped with fascinated horror as the mermaids drew Winston into the cave. Her natural buoyancy began drawing her upwards. On the way back to the surface, she dimly noted a third mermaid. The thing had abandoned Ripper and was swimming down to join her two sisters in the cave. 
***
Star didnt know how long she bobbed in the water near the bathing platform  seconds, hours? Finally, a mech wolf yip brought her back to reality. She looked over to see Ripper standing on the shore, staring at her intently.
What happened? she wondered.
Then the full memory slammed back in. Winston was down there  with three finned floozies! Well, he could just stay there and enjoy himself! She would not interfere with his good time.
But her jealous rage soon passed. She had to get Winston back, now. Any reckoning about the floozies would have to wait for later.
Come on Rippie! she called.
The mech wolf jumped in the water and swam toward her. Star prepared to dive under the surface, then thought better of it.
Wait a minute.
She climbed onto the shore and hurriedly dressed herself. The seductive power of those mermaid things was far too great to be confronted without clothes.
Lets go, Rippie!
Star dove deep and was soon at the entrance of the cave. She waited there for Ripper to catch up with his peculiar combination of dog paddle and breast stroke. Under other circumstances, his efforts would have been amusing. They entered the cave together.
It went up and up. Star kicked furiously and stroked her arms with maximum power. She broke the surface inside a small enclosure. She could barely make out the surroundings, as the only light came from a fissure high in the rocky ceiling.
Her optical sensors began adjusting to the low light. On the shore directly beside her lay the deactivated figure of another mermaid  no, this one was male, a merman type creature. She ignored it. 
Ripper bobbed to the surface beside her. She scarcely noticed his arrival, as her eyes were riveted on the disgusting sight across the water. On the opposite shore, the mermaid sluts were swarming all over Winston, and moans of exquisite pleasure issued from his throat.
Ohhhhhh! Ahhhhhh! Morrrrre!
Black fury almost choked Star. That was the correct term, choked, even through she possessed no respiratory or digestive system.
Come on Ripper!
With a few powerful strokes, Star gained the opposite shore. She prepared to leap out of the water and grab the floozies by their long hair. Shed bash their heads against the rocks, shed ... Two of them looked toward her and smiled. Their siren song rose to an ecstatic crescendo, echoing off the stone walls. Star halted dead in the water. 
How could she have been angry at such lovely creatures? They were waiting for her, right there, and they knew erotic secrets that Star had not even dreamed about! Scarcely aware of what she was doing, Star began unbuttoning her blouse.
Hold on ... she murmured, Im coming.
Ripper bumped up against her. Star turned languidly toward him. What on earth could be the problem? The mech wolf leered back at her ferociously. Then he let out an auditory sensor-splitting howl.
AWOOOOOO!
The brutal noise shattered the ambiance. Star wrenched back to her full senses. 
Get Winston! she cried.
Ripper jumped onto the shore and confronted the mermaids, fangs bared, growling ominously. They retreated in terror, flopping over each other in their haste. Star reached up and grabbed Winston.
Nooooo! he cried as Star pulled him under the water.
***
Soon they were all back at the main pool. Ripper kept guard at the waters edge while Star hurriedly donned her shoes and gathered up their possessions. Winston lay on the shore groaning.
Hey lover boy, Star said. If its not too much trouble can you help me?
Winston struggled back onto his feet. What happened, Star?
You know damn well what happened! Star shot back.
Winston rubbed his head in wonderment. Never before had he heard Star use any sort of rough language. The occasional gracious! or oh my! was about the limit of her expletive vocabulary, but now she seemed really angry.
He looked back toward the bathing platform. The last thing he clearly remembered was falling into the water  or being yanked into it by ... something. After that his memory was a a blur of watery images and overpowering sound. It had not been bad, quite pleasant actually ...
Lets get moving, already! Star shouted.
Her clothes were dripping wet, her hair was a fright, and her makeup was smeared, but she seemed unwilling to spend another moment inside the enclosure.
OK, Winston said meekly.
He shouldered on his backpack and grabbed his scooter.
You go first, Star said.
Sure, Winston said. Is something wrong?
Just get going!
All right.
Winston was about to kick off when the three mermaids broke the water surface near shore.
Go on Winston! Star yelled.
But he couldnt move. He merely stood, transfixed, as the lovely creatures pulled themselves onto the bathing platform. Two of them had flowing blond hair, while the thirds was a glistening black. All had pale, shapely faces, ruby lips, and large sensuous eyes. They held their arms out toward Winston in pathetic appeal, exposing their perfectly shaped breasts. Their siren song began to rise. 
Ripper! Star cried.
The mech wolf advanced, growling, on the mermaids. The creatures stopped their song and clung together in terror, but they refused to leave the platform. Ripper looked back toward Star for instructions.
Tear them up! She wanted to cry.
But her own sense of rightness deterred her from uttering the command. And the stricken look on Winstons face was something she could not stand to look upon. If she ordered the destruction of the mermaids, Winston would never feel the same way about her.
Dont hurt them, Ripper, Star said.
She grabbed Winstons arm and shoved him toward the exit. A pathetic wailing accompanied them out. The mermaids had pulled themselves onto the shore and were attempting to follow. Their bodies, not designed for land travel, made squishing noises as they flopped about uselessly.
***
For hours, Star led the way along the westward road, kicking hard and building up speed that Winston could barely match. Her hair dried in the breeze until it stuck out awkwardly in all directions. Her damp clothes picked up a layer of dust. Ordinarily, she would have never allowed herself to look so disheveled, but now she simply pressed on and on ...
Winston did not dare to attempt any communications with her. Ripper remained wisely aloof.


32. Psychotic Encampment
The chief acolyte, flanked by Susie and Pam, sat staring into the campfire, contemplating the hell flames that awaited all nonbelievers. Around him sprawled flat, empty desert. Land that had always been desert  even before the once verdant areas were denuded by the plague wars of the demon spawn and their infidel allies.
A thin chorus of insect chirps punctured the dusty air. Off in the darkness, he could hear the bustling of some unknown small animal. Then the flapping of wings and a sharp, terrified squeak. 
This had been a day of rapid travel. Hundreds of kilometers had passed beneath the wheels of the white van. According to Brad, they should have arrived on the west coast some time tomorrow. Or rather, Brad and his pals planned to arrive  with the bitches, of course, to satisfy their unholy lusts. The outlook for the chief acolyte was a good deal less certain. 
But then the van had broken down. All the raging and curses of the infidels could not get it moving again. They were now stranded in this god-forsaken place.
Or maybe the Heavenly Father had not abandoned this locale. Maybe He intended for them to be here. Only time would give the answers. 
The chief acolyte shoveled the last of his pork & beans ration into his mouth and chewed carefully. What would the Messiah think of him eating such a repast, flavored by the carcass of an unclean beast?
Hed approve, the chief acolyte was certain. This was an emergency scenario, and he had to keep his strength up, by whatever means available. Four large, powerful young men opposed him, while he was just a scrawny old guy  an eccentric screwball, no threat to anyone. 
But this apparent harmlessness was actually his greatest strength. If he could just bring it to bear!
Thy will be done, Father. The chief acolyte prayed fervently. 
Since his capture by these infidels, hed been in a constant state of prayerful watchfulness, hoping to make a move. But he couldnt make a move. The bastards kept a sharp eye on him, even observing him as he took a leak. Maybe they didnt think he was so harmless, after all.
And what if he did manage to get his gun out? Theyd cut him down with their assault rifles before he could squeeze off a shot.
He gnawed a piece of rock hard biscuit and stole a quick glance at the women beside him. They were both terrified, like dogs who had been beaten repeatedly and expected more of the same. He wondered vaguely how long theyd been with this crew. What had these cursed men inflicted on these girls, in addition to the usual rape?
Mostly psychological terror, he decided. For despite their cowed appearance, the girls displayed few indications of physical abuse  except for the bruises on their faces. The chief acolyte was something of an expert on terror.
Across from them, on the other side of the sputtering fire, Brad and his three buddies were finishing up their beans and biscuits. They hadnt said much during the meal, they just sat there, rifles in their laps, and wolfed down the food like the animals they were.
Then the ones named Bill and Tom stood up.
Okay if we get first crack tonight, Brad? Tom asked.
Be my fucking guest, Brad said.
Thats what we had in mind, Tom said.
The four gorillas laughed heartily. Brad indicated the assault rifles of Bill and Tom.
You can leave those here, he said, unless you cant handle the broads without them.
Shit! Bill said.
More crude laughter. Bill and Tom set their rifles down and approached the girls.
Come on babe, Tom said, yanking Pam to her feet. Its party time.
No  
A hard slap brought her around. Susie followed Bill quietly into the darkness. Soon, the screams and blows of forcible rape polluted the night air. 
The boys are frisky tonight, Brad commented.
The chief acolyte remained impassive, staring at the remaining two men across the fire. A wicked little smile crossed Brads face. He withdrew a long, thin skinning knife from a sheath on his belt and hefted it experimentally. 
He passed the knife over to Andy. They exchanged a devilish laugh.
Hey old man, Andy said, lets see your nuts.
M-my what? the chief acolyte said.
Your nuts, Brad said. Still got them, dont you? Or did they shrivel up and blow away?
Brad and Andy laughed heartily, slapping each others knees  like kids at a boy scout camp. The chief acolyte stood up unsteadily and began fumbling with his belt.
Come on, drop em, Andy said. All the way down.
Outwardly, the chief acolyte was all fumbling, cringing fear, but inside he was joyous.
Thank you, Father, for delivering the barbarians onto me! he exalted.
He began to lower his pants, just enough to grab the little automatic pistol concealed within. He yanked the weapon out, felt its righteous power throbbing in his hand.
Filthy heathen!
He squeezed off a round. The bullet struck Brad dead center in the forehead and exploded, throwing him backwards amid a halo of splattering brains and bone fragments.
Andy gaped wide-eyed at the executioner, unable to to react. His mouth formed a terrified circle amid the bloody pulp dripping down his face. The next bullet punctured one of his gaping eyes, and he, too, fell over backwards. The knife tumbled from his hand. 
Bill came charging out of the bushes. What the hells going on? he cried.
A shot through the heart brought him down. 
Then an explosive flash. A bullet ripped across the chief acolytes face, sending him reeling back. A second bullet whizzed past his ear. Tom emerged from the darkness, aiming his handgun for a third shot.
Umpf! 
Tom crashed to the ground, tackled by Pam. The gun tumbled from his hand a short distance away. He groped for it, pulling the girl along with him.
The chief acolyte recovered quickly from his shock and dashed toward the struggling pair. Holding up his pants with his left hand, he kicked Tom squarely in the chin with his heavy right boot. 
Fuck! Tom cried.
The chief acolyte aimed another kick. The Heavenly Father multiplied his strength. 
CRACK! 
Teeth flew out onto the ground.
A third kick smashed Toms nose into a bloody pulp.
Hows that, old man? the chief acolyte mocked as he secured his pants back into place. He zipped the fly with an air of authority.
Tom lay stretched in the dirt, semiconscious. At a gesture from the chief acolyte, Pam released his legs and crouched away. She had never been more frightened in her life, but also savagely aroused  like a shark that senses blood in the water.
The chief acolyte walked a few paces to retrieve the fallen hand gun. Then he returned and shoved Tom onto his back with the toe of boot.
Uh ... Tom groaned. What happened?
Its party time! The chief acolyte said brightly.
He raised the handgun and, taking leisurely aim, shot Tom in the guts.
Ahhhhh! Tom curled into an agony ball.
The chief acolyte dropped to his haunches beside the stricken infidel.
This just aint your night, punk, he said, gesturing toward Bills inert form. You should have checked out quick, like your buddy over there.
Susie appeared from the darkness now, gaping with horrified wonder at the carnage and at the writhing figure of Tom. She sank to her knees beside Pam and embraced her. The chief acolyte rose to his feet and turned a wild, righteous glare upon the women. Flames from the campfire danced in his eyes, the bloody crease on his face throbbed like a brand placed there by the devil himself.
Do you acknowledge the Messiah as your one, true savior? he bellowed. Do you recognize His will as the sole guiding principle?
The girls exchanged terrified glances, then turned their faces up to the chief acolyte. They nodded agreement. 
Do you accept the deliverance He has provided you this night and subordinate yourselves to me, the Messiahs representative on earth?
Yes, the girls squeaked. 
Do you commit yourselves totally and unquestioningly to the Holy Cause?
The girls nodded again. Tortured moans coming from Tom added solemnity to their vow.
Very well, then, the chief acolyte said. Arise into your new life as believers in the one true faith  Sister Pam and Sister Susan.
He held out his hands. The girls each took one and were pulled roughly to their feet.
Prepare yourselves to depart this unsanctified place, the chief acolyte said.
Y-yes, sir.
The girls moved toward the van to collect their few miserable possessions. The chief acolyte approached the corpses of Brad and Andy. 
Real tough guys, huh? He spit into their blasted faces. Good luck with your beach resort in hell.
The knife glittered coldly where it had fallen beside the bodies. The chief acolyte snatched it up. He nodded approval  the edge had been honed to razor sharpness by somebody who knew what he was doing. It would be a shame to let such craftsmanship go to waste.
Time for a blood sacrifice to honor the conversion of two lost souls to the Cause. The chief acolyte approached Tom, like some fearsome death god stalking through the darkness. The infidel turned his suffering face up toward his doom.
Fuck, man ... no! Tom gasped through his broken jaw.
The chief acolyte grinned. This was going to be fun.
***
Hours later, after the screaming finally stopped, the chief acolyte and his two converts gathered up all the supplies they could carry and headed off into the night. Flames roaring from the funeral pyre van illuminated their path for some distance.


33. Furious Progression
Star drove them relentlessly along, saying nothing, never pausing, a fearsome expression contorting her face  like some terrible valkyrie exploding out of Valhalla. The water evaporating off of her body chilled her temperature sensors. Her brain unit was hot and seething, though.
Imagine! she fumed. How could Winston do that to me? Cavorting with those sluts  right before my eyes! 
She should have left him down there with the floozies. Serve him right ... let him short circuit in the water ...
There were serious flaws in this reasoning, however, and Star knew it. Didnt she herself almost succumb to the allure of the Squish Girls? If it hadnt been for Rippie, shed still be down there engaging in who knew what kind of erotic games. And if she could be so easily seduced, then how much less so the resistance of a simple male, like Winston?
The mermaids existed on love, and their merman was out of commission. No wonder they were so desperate. Star was not totally without empathy for them. Still, she needed time to work through her other feelings of rejection and betrayal.
Okay, Im a lustful creation, she admitted. I need to forgive myself for that ... I need to forgive Winston. As long as it doesnt mean anything  as long as the real love is just for the two of us.
For his part, Winston couldnt recall the details of his abduction  only vague recollections of an incredible, all-consuming rapture. Hed never felt anything remotely like it before. The experience seemed to have altered his programming, sending it in fantastic directions. He felt a new, almost painful, attraction for Star. Despite her obvious anger and ill will, Winston had never seen anything so wondrous as her figure pushing along on the scooter ahead of him.
Finally she paused at the top of a low rise. Winston caught up and flung an arm around her. At first she was rigid, resistant, but then she melted against him.
Oh, Winston, she said, Im so sorry  
Winston pressed a finger against her lips.
I think its better if we dont say anything just yet, he said. Lets wait until things return to normal, whatever that is.
Star smiled. Yes, Winston, youre right ... my hero.
She remained blissfully in his embrace. He was very different now. Never before had she felt such urgency and passion coming from him. The Squish Girls had altered him in fundamental ways  wonderful ways. The last of her anger against them evaporated.
Maybe she could do them a good turn, get their merman repaired and back in action. Dr. Rackenfauz could probably do that, if they could find him. Dr. Che could certainly handle the task.
She stared off into the distance. The Expedition Westward was nearly finished now, soon they would find Dr. Che, or at least know of his fate.
No! She couldnt allow herself to think like that. Of course she would find Dr. Che. She had to, she couldnt go on much longer like this. He was out there ... just on the road ahead.
He would solve all her problems, hed build Winston up to his full potential. Then shed come back with him to the hot springs and repair the merman so that the Squish Girls could once again enjoy the happiness that Star would come to know so intimately. 
She began to feel a universal good will toward all the surviving females of the world and their quest for love.
Just as long as they understood that Winston was off limits, that is.


34. West Coast at Last
Late morning on the tenth day out from Pickle Lake Castle, twenty four days after departing Mech City, Winston and Star finally reached the outskirts of the great west coast megalopolis. So much had happened during this time that it seemed as if years had passed.
Ooo, Star cried, we made it!
In some ways, the area was not unlike Mech City, but its streets and buildings heralded something far vaster, with more depth and power. This was a locale where great volumes of human activity had once bustled and roared.
Winston studied his road atlas, looked up at a street sign, studied the atlas some more.
In a manner of speaking we have made it, he said. Actually, the Robotics Development Center is many kilometers away  south of here, and more towards the ocean.
The ocean! Star said. Oh, I want to see it.
Perhaps we shall, Winston said, trying to keep a note of sadness from his voice.
He wanted to see the ocean too, but dreaded the circumstances that would bring them there. Because, once they got to the RDC and found out that Dr. Che had died in the plague, Star would be totally devastated. Winston would take her for a walk on the ocean shore and try to console her, but nothing he could say would matter.
He diverted his attention to the neighborhood stretching around them. 
The immense, abandoned acreage would have been more imposing if viewed from elevated terrain, as was the case on the Mech City periphery. But here, the urban sprawl was more of a backdrop, a dull reality, like the leaden sky brooding overhead.
Fortunately there were no human corpses in evidence. Not on the streets, anyway. Who knew what horrors might lurk inside the buildings? Winston figuratively breathed a sigh of relief. The sanitation department drones much have operated to the bitter end carrying off the dead.
One of the drones stood inert nearby, its power depleted, its blank white face staring off into nothingness. Disposal Service had been stenciled onto its back in lurid orange. Winston approached and gazed up into the robots unfocused optical sensors. 
Ah, there but for the grace of the Great Technician go I.
The robot was a full head taller than him, a strong manual worker model. Winston patted its back in a comradely gesture.
You did good work, pal.
The drone began to move.
Look out, Winston! 
Winston stepped aside as the drone rocked back and forth on its heals like some grotesque punching toy struck by a child. Then it fell forward and crashed onto its face.
Oh, my! Star gasped.
Somewhere within the drones physical plant, a last bit of power sparked into life to run the voice recording. Muffled by the pavement, the speaker rattled off the pre-programmed remarks in their entirety, without distinguishing the potential audience or the time of day:
Good morning  / afternoon / evening  sir / maam / people, it said. I am here to dispose of the deceased. Please do not interfere with my work. I am authorized to summon police assistance.
Thats horrible, Star said.
Good morning  / afternoon / evening ...
Lets get out of here, Winston said.
They scootered away fast. The drones plaintive voice followed them for some distance until it abruptly died  like the final exclamation of a ghost. 
***
Winston and Star halted their scooters beneath a large billboard advertising a motor vehicle. In it, a typical human family stood in front of their car grinning into the marvelous future. A slogan festooned the bottom:
Welcome to the New Century! 
The mech wolf trotting behind them paused several meters away and sank down onto its haunches. 
Ive never seen such a big city, Star said. There must have been millions of people here.
Yes, Winston said. This area is a vast interlock of municipalities. The total urban environment is many times larger than Mech City.
Star kissed Winstons cheek. Youve seen so much of the world.
Relatively speaking, thats true, Winston said, but I have never been here before.
Its all part of the adventure, Star said.
Yes, the adventure, Winston thought, sourly.
And today it would draw to a melancholy conclusion. Winston could not expunge the image of himself and Star walking along the ocean shore, Ripper trailing behind them in the debris-strewn sand. Winston would have his arm around her, she would be sagging against him and tears would be flowing down here face. 
With her fondest hopes extinguished, Star would never be the same again. She would look old, somehow, and the sparkle would be gone from her. She would ...
Ripper abruptly got back to his feet in a state of agitation. He looked up into the sky and began growling. His gray coat bristled.
He seems to have spotted something, Winston said.
Shielding their optical sensors with their hands, Winston and Star perused the drab sky.
Over there! Star cried.
She pointed toward the east where a small winged machine buzzed into view like some horrid bird.
Whats that? she said.
My guess is that its some sort of remotely controlled observation aircraft, Winston said. It has probably been watching us for some time.
Oh, Winston, I dont like the looks of that thing.
Neither do I.
Winston scanned the area  a series of low buildings, narrow streets and alleyways.
There would appear to be limited possibilities for concealment, he said.
Another flying object came into view, circling around by the first one. They made a lazy eight pattern in the sky. 
Suddenly Ripper started running toward them, yipping fiercely.
Look out! Winston yelled.
He stepped in front of Star and braced himself for an attack, although there was no defense against a charging mech wolf. After all that Ripper had done for them, Winston still could not bring himself to trust the great beast. Was this the end  so close to their goal? 
But Ripper swerved and ran right past them. He stopped at the corner and looked back, whining. The sounds of an approaching motor vehicle disturbed the morning.
Lets get out of here, Winston said. 
They took off along the street just as a military type truck turned the corner behind them. They pushed their scooters to maximum performance, actually gaining distance on the motorized vehicle. Winston chanced a backward look at the two men in the truck  humans, he thought, but he could not be certain.
This way! Winston led them into a narrow, twisting passage. I think we can lose them in here. 
Oh, Winston, Im so scared!
They raced along the filthy alley, past derelict motor vehicles and mounds of trash. Their tires crunched over broken glass but maintained their integrity. 
Dont worry, Star, well make it, Winston said.
But then the alley took an abrupt turn and dead ended against the harsh exterior of a multi-story building. A tough iron door stood pad locked against them, and the lower stories had bars on all the windows.
Oh, crap! Winston cried, using one of his late masters favorite phrases.
Ripper caught up with them. Seconds of indecision ensued.
We may as well go out to face them, Star said. We cant run any more.
Winston thought of assembling his spear, but knew instinctively that the occupants of the motor vehicle must be humans. No awkward robotic driver could have handled the truck with such confident ease. No resistance would be possible. 
Yes ... I think wed better, he said.
The three robots walked toward the mouth of the alley where the motor vehicle was parked, blocking any escape. Ripper moved protectively into the lead.
Two young human males exited the vehicle and walked toward them. They were both well groomed with short hair and shaved faces. They wore green military type jumpsuits. The assault rifles they carried seemed as big as cannons.
They dont look too unfriendly, Star said.
At least they dont look crazy, Winston said.
A deep growl rumbled in the mech wolfs throat.
Winston and Star clung together, expecting the worst despite their optimistic comments. The men paused two meters away, eyeing the robots with baffled curiosity. Winston could read their name tags now. The men were called LIGGETT and PANTANI.
Good morning, sirs, Winston said.
Liggett and Pantani looked at each other. Then they burst out laughing.
Ive seen everything! Liggett said.
From his manner and bearing, Winston reckoned Liggett to be the leader.
Theyve got scooters, no less, Pantani said. Things sure have changed.
Winston offered a slight bow, orienting himself toward Liggett.
Im pleased that we amuse you, he said. Now, if you dont mind, well just be going.
Winston took a step forward. The men raised their rifles.
Not so fast, Liggett said, the colonel will want to see you.
The colonel? Winston said.
Thats right, blue man, Liggett said. Hes the law in this area.
While this exchange was taking place, Pantani was looking Star over from head to toe. She held his gaze, refusing to divert her eyes.
Hes kind of cute, she couldnt help thinking, despite the tense circumstances.
The Colonel will be especially interested in this one, Pantani said, jerking a thumb toward Star.
Ripper stood by, fangs bared defensively, but it could make no move against the humans.
They even brought a puppy dog, Liggett said.
Pantani approached Ripper with mock friendliness. Nice doggie!
He stroked the mech wolfs head, then reached down and flipped the deactivation switch at the base of its skull. Ripper blinked out and collapsed.
Alright, you two, Liggett said. Lets get into the truck.
We wont leave without our friend, Star said.
Lets just blast the damn thing, Pantani said.
No! Star cried.
Liggett considered the issue for a few moments, stroking his assault rifle as if he were holding a fine musical instrument.
Ah, lets bring it along, he said. The colonel might want to see it.
Come on, blue guy, give me a hand, Pantani said.
My name is Winston Horvath, Winston said.
Pantani chuckled. Okay, whatever.
Winston and Pantani hefted the inert mech wolf and carried it toward the truck. Liggett snatched the fragment of Iris coat off of Winstons shoulders and tossed it away.
You wont be needing this bl ... I mean, Mr. Horvath, he said.
The two humans enjoyed a mutual guffaw. With renewed grief, Winston observed the last vestige of Iridium tumble onto the pavement.
Good-bye old pal!
As Star climbed up into the truck, Pantani patted her on the ass. She was rather surprised at this action  but also rather liked it. Liggett jumped into the drivers seat and started the vehicle.
Where were you two going? he said.
The Robotics Development Center, Winston replied. We wish to find Dr. Edgar Rackenfauz.
Liggett and Pantani snorted derisively.
Do you know him? Winston asked.
Everybody knows that old screwball, Liggett said.
Would there be a Dr. Jerry Che with him? Star asked.
We pick up all kinds, Liggett said. I dont know many names.
If youll forgive my asking, Winston said, where did you come from?
Most of us are returnees from the Lunar colony, Liggett said. Others came from the Mars research station.
Then you must be  
Look, if youve got more questions, save them for the colonel, Liggett interrupted. Im just doing my job, okay?
Of course, Winston said. Thank you, sir.


35. Closing the Gap
The chief acolyte held the little bottle of mascara in trembling fingers and moved it to close to an eyeball twitching with excitement. He fell to his knees, rather enjoying the pain of impact against the concrete, and spread his arms wide toward the heavens.
Thank you Father, he bellowed, for showing me this sign!
Pam and Susie exchanged worried glances. After so much time following the chief acolyte on the Sanctified Westward Path they thought theyd witnessed all of his contrary moods. But this was something different and frightening. For not the first time since the campfire killings, they considered fleeing. But where could they go?
The chief acolyte scrambled back up to his feet and rushed toward them, waving the mascara like a holy relic. The girls recoiled. He shoved the bottle under their noses.
Do you know what this means? He cried.
The girls examined the talisman, recognized the premium brand name.
Uh, it means that somebody has expensive taste in mascara? Pam said.
No, not that, the chief acolyte said. Its a token from the demon spawn female!
Oh ... her, Pam said.
Were on the right track! The chief acolyte cried.
For days now, theyd heard him rant about the demon spawn female robot  the one who had crucified the holy Messiah, the one they were pursuing through this vast, barren countryside. She was accompanied by another demon spawn, a blue male, and a wolf-like creature that looked ferocious but was no threat to humans. 
The three robots formed an unholy trinity that the chief acolyte was determined to wipe out. It was his sole purpose in life, hed said, and once he attained it, he would concentrate on rebuilding the community of believers for the one true religion.
Whatever, Pam thought.
After all the violence and horror shed experienced over the past months, the demise of a few robots didnt seem like much of a big deal. In any case, theyd probably never find them in the huge jumble of the urban area towards which they were headed. 
That demon spawn female sounded interesting, though. She must have had some real stuff in order to take out that Messiah guy. He sounded like a total freak.
We must redouble our effort, sisters, the chief acolyte said. He was almost babbling now. Divine providence is showing us the way!
Amen to that, Chief Acolyte! Pam shouted, using the prescribed terminology. Lead us on to glory!
She had adjusted to the chief acolytes new behavior mode and was playing along well. Not so Susie who was badly frightened and clung to Pams arm. Her eyes seemed like those of a cornered rabbit.
Its okay, girl, Pam said in a low voice. Were on the right track, and hes excited. Thats all.
Pam knew that Susie was not a strong person. Shed hardly spoken a word since her boyfriend died in the god damned plague  not that the abusive prick was anyone to cry over. Then the beatings and rapes shed endured from the Brad crew had damaged her deep inside. Pam was worried about her. Susie almost seemed to believe the crap the chief acolyte was spouting about the Holy Cause.
The chief acolyte had moved away from them now and was walking fast amid his ecstatic revelry.
Praise the Heavenly Father! he shouted. Blessed be thy holy name!
Come on, Susie, lets get moving, Pam said.
The two girls started walking along the westward path, while Pam took a personal journey down memory lane.
Yes, Susies boyfriend had been no prize, but Pams guy, Jeff  now there was a man! The others guys in the biker gang were scared of him, but he always acted sweet and gentle with her. It was his idea to take the gang into the high mountains in an effort to ride out the plague. 
Of course, theyd sucked at the survivalist game, and many had died in the harsh environment. Also, the plague had reached into even the most extreme altitudes, killing others. Only a handful had survived, but too many for the available women  her and Susie.
Thats when Brad staged his coup. Jeff was the first to die, with a surprise bullet in the forehead. Then the other excess males were quickly dispatched. Pam had nearly lost her mind amid all the carnage.
But she rejoiced when she saw a similar gunshot wound in Brads head. It had been the high point of her life  even better than knocking over Tom and watching the chief acolyte have at him. Of course, the old guy was a nut job himself, but Pam would always love him for what hed done. He was the answer to her prayers. 
You dont suppose there really was something to all his religious babble?
***
After a long, arduous day of walking, they finally halted to rest for the night. Pam was about ready to drop from exhaustion when a request came from the chief acolyte.
I wish to purify myself for the trials awaiting me, he said. I need to do penance to get my spirit in tune with the Messiah.
Sure thing, Pam said.
She knew what this purification meant. The chief acolyte wanted the girls to whip his naked body until he bled all over. It was the best way for him to unite with the Messiah and share the vision.
Well, Pam thought, whatever gets you hard.
She turned toward Susie and spoke in a low voice. You go ahead and turn in. Ill take care of this.
Thank you, Susie whispered.
The chief acolyte had already stripped himself naked and sprawled over a large rock, his buttocks presenting a second moon to the night sky. Pam picked up one of the supple little sticks that littered the area. She gave her palm an exploratory smack.
This was pretty kinky stuff all right, but it was as far as the old fruitcake went. Hed never tried to rape or abuse either of the girls. As long as they agreed enthusiastically with his religious rantings, he was happy. 
Too bad hes such a wack job, Pam thought. 
She wouldnt mind screwing him, actually  even though he was crazy and uglier than shit. Seeing him wipe out the Brad crew had been a real turn on. Like women in general, Pam was drawn to achievement. She just had a broader definition of achievement than most.
Well, okay, the extended butchery of Tom was a bit too much. Pam and Susie had spent that time inside the van, sound system blaring to mask the screams. 
Tell the truth, girl. Theres no place to hide it out here.
Well, okay ... Pam wouldnt have minded observing Toms agony for a while  especially the genital mutilation part. The son of a bitch deserved every cut hed received. Hed stood by laughing like a hyena while her Jeff was being murdered in cold blood, and he had murdered other of her friends. Then hed batter raped her and Susie many times.
Susie was far too upset to be left alone; however, so Pam had stayed with her in the van rather than go out to savor Toms demise.
Pam brought the switch down hard on the chief acolytes ass. He flinched with exquisite pain. 
It would be so easy now to seize the guns and take over. But then what? 
She brought the switch down again, harder this time. An ecstatic howl rose into the emptiness.
The chief acolyte was a fearsome individual, intimidated by nothing, while they were just two girls out on their own, still traumatized from the horrors of their captivity. Worse yet, Susie would be useless in a pinch  maybe shed never recover from her ordeal. They needed a strong man to protect them. 
Best to keep things are they were for now  until a better offer came along.
She raised the switch for another blow.


Part Four: Space Invaders


36. The Colonels Lair
They drove quietly for several kilometers through the deserted urban landscape. Winston had an excellent view from his position in the front seat next to Liggett. In all directions, he observed the same emptiness on a scale that dwarfed Mech City  let alone the modest town where hed resided with Dr. Horvath and little Charles. 
This was a vast, ghostly maze of streets and buildings that had once contained millions of humans bustling through their daily lives. 
And now there were humans living here again! 
Winston could scarcely grasp the significance of this gigantic fact. One thing it meant was that an independent robotic community could not exist in this city. There was no way it could protect itself from the depredations of men. Only the mad scrappers would dare to fight, and the humans guns would make short work of any opposition they could offer. 
Pantani seemed to share Winstons assessment of the dreary vista.
Boy, I thought the moon was barren, he observed. But its got nothing on this place.
Liggett grunted agreement. I kinda wish wed stayed there.
Winston wondered how many humans resided in the megalopolis now. Hed ask this colonel gentleman, but did not expect any sort of accurate answer. The true figure would surely be classified. 
A more terrifying question: Would the humans show up in Mech City? And if so, when?
Several months ago, Winston would have never considered the idea that robots could exist on their own. Hed nearly destroyed himself when faced by the prospect, and only the intervention of his dying Master had kept him going. But now that a robotic community thrived in Mech City  one that he had play such a key role in establishing  he could not bear the thought of it being extinguished. But even the strong and noble Ajax would be ineffective against a human onslaught.
Winston had loved the Master, but she was gone. He did not want to be anyones servant, ever again. Hed been Boss Winston Horvath far too long to go back.
This vast continent had once been populated by a variety of tribal human beings. Theyd been systematically wiped out and enslaved by stronger, more aggressive settlers. Winston understood how these earlier inhabitants must have felt when they beheld the irresistible power arrayed against them.
Star appeared unconcerned with such considerations. She sat ramrod straight in the back seat, her eyes probing ahead to a magnificent future that only she could see. Her time of disillusionment would arrive soon, Winston was certain. 
Pantani no longer looked out the window at the dreary moonscape, but preferred to rest his eyes on Star.
***
The truck pulled up in front of a low, glowering building with narrow windows. Even amid the general gloom, it was an outstandingly ugly bit of architecture. Winston looked back at Star. Some of the hopefulness had gone out of her face.
Everybody wait here a minute, Liggett said.
He exited the vehicle and walked toward the side of the building. Star gripped Winstons arm.
I dont like this much, she whispered.
It looks like a jail, Winston said.
Pantani had overheard the remark.
Thats right, robo-man, he said, nothing but the best for you.
Liggett returned with a dolly cart.
Okay, load that canine machine onto this, he said. 
Winston and Pantani maneuvered the comatose Ripper onto the cart.
I can handle him myself now, Winston said.
Are you sure? Pantani said. The Colonel might be pissed if it gets damaged before he sees it.
I am quite capable, Winston said. This wolf is my ... friend. I want to show him respect.
Suit yourself, Pantani said.
They passed through the doorway into a drab, Spartan waiting area. A uniformed guard at the the reception desk stood to salute Liggett.
Wheres Colonel Reyes? Liggett said.
In the mess hall, sir, the guard said. Hes conducting interrogations.
Very well, carry on, Liggett said.
He motioned for the others to follow him.
They walked down a gloomy hallway with steel doors running along both sides. Most of the doors were open, revealing empty cells with cots and human lavatory facilities. Others were closed with eyes peering out the little windows. Some low-level robots bustled around sweeping and polishing the floor. They eyed Winston and Star with dumb curiosity, then went back to their work.
I didnt like the sound of that conducting interrogations part, Winston whispered to Star. It has a dangerous ring to it.
No more talking, now, Liggett said.
They continued to a large dining hall where two men, also in military style jumpsuits, stood guard at the door with assault rifles. Inside the hall, the tables have been folded away, and a large desk occupied one corner with a few uncomfortable chairs arranged before it. 
A large, brush-cut man with an air of authority sat at the desk. Winston estimated his age to be around 40. The man wore a drab green jumpsuit with stars on the shoulders to signify his rank. Colonel Reyes, apparently  the man in charge. A gun holstered on his hip reinforced the impression.
A human female, early 30s, stood behind and to the side of Reyes. She had close-cropped hair and a rather hard look. Winston gauged her to be not unattractive, but scarcely in Stars league. 
In addition to these military type individuals, two men in white lab coats occupied the room. One sulked off in a corner, another sat in a chair before Colonel Reyes desk ... It was Dr. Rackenfauz! 
Winston would have recognized the old, bald-headed curmudgeon anywhere  even if there were a million humans around. Only the presence of the stone-faced Liggett deterred him from crying out with joy. 
Star gripped Winstons arm tightly. Its him!
Pantani snickered. Yeah, its him, all right.
Quiet down! Liggett commanded.
Colonel Reyes was speaking in an authoritative baritone: 
Of course you can go, Dr. Rackenfauz, he said, as soon as you agree to cooperate with us.
Let me get this straight, Rackenfauz said. The world is already shot to hell, and now you want us to construct killer robots to finish off whats left?
Colonel Reyes leaned forward, eyes flashing, as if to make a sharp retort. Then he seemed to think better of things and spoke in a reasoned tone. 
As Ive explained many times before, he said, we need combat models strictly to help us maintain order. Surely an educated man like yourself can see the potential for danger out there.
Rackenfauz crossed his arms stubbornly and looked away. Reyes glanced toward the female. 
Professor Rackenfauz, she said. We have no intention of finishing off anyone. Its strictly a matter of national security.
What nation? Rackenfauz shot back. Before you space invaders showed up, there were scarcely enough people around to hold a pissing contest.
Thats a colorful figure of speech, Professor, the female said, but  
I assure you, there are ways to compel your cooperation, Reyes interrupted.
Like what? Rackenfauz said. You cant build robots with bayonets.
A tense silence ensued. Liggett took advantage of the pause to announce their presence.
Excuse me, sir, he said. We found these two advanced models wandering around the city outskirts.
Reyes turned their way with an annoyed expression on his face. When he caught sight of Star, the expression turned to happy surprise, then back to a businesslike demeanor. The female standing by him looked far less pleased.
Very well, Lieutenant, Colonel Reyes said, bring them to me.
 Leave that flea bag here for now, Liggett told Winston.
Do you mean the mech wolf, sir? Winston said.
Yeah.
Winston pushed the dolly cart securely against the wall then followed Liggett toward Colonel Reyes desk. Star rushed ahead to embrace Dr. Rackenfauz.
Oh, its so good to see you again! she cried. 
Why, its the young lady, Rackenfauz said. Imagine that.
Winston joined them and clasped Dr. Rackenfauzs hand. Greetings, Professor.
Hello, young fellow, Rackenfauz replied. As you can see, Im in somewhat reduced circumstances these days.
Your presence magnifies any circumstances, Professor, Winston replied diplomatically.
There are those who would disagree with that, Rackenfauz said with a sidelong glance toward the desk.
Colonel Reyes observed the scenario with icy impatience.
Well, now that the reunions over, shall we get back to business? he said.
The left breast of his uniform sported a large badge portraying a lunar disk with lightning bolts flashing around it. Stitched beneath this powerful graphic was his rank: 
COMMANDER
It was written in bold capitals, as if anything less could not communicate his magnificence. The overall effect of the badge was impressive, if somewhat bombastic.
The colonel was trying to maintain an official face, but his eyes were roving all over Star like a vacuum cleaner on a fine carpet. The female human, Major Koestler according to her nametag, was observing Reyes, and she wasnt happy.
Of course, fire away, Colonel, Rackenfauz said, tell me what you want  for the thousandth time.
Star paid attention to none of them. Her eyes were fixated on the far corner where the other white-coated man sat, looking at her intently, a wry little smile creasing his face. 


37. Against All Odds
Star began walking toward the man in the far corner, as if she had been switched in to zombie mode. 
Star? 
Winston called after her, but she did not hear him.
All conversations around her became muted, indistinct, blended in with the low rumble of the mess halls ventilation system. She was only aware of the man in the corners presence, pulling her along like a magnetic field. She seemed to be moving in slow motion with her feet barely touching the floor tiles.
She halted in front of the man. He looked up at her from his chair with the same ironic, amused little smile. He appeared to be mid 30s, with jet black hair and Asian features. His eyes were almond shaped, like Stars, and an indescribable air of danger accompanied him  as if he might be capable of far more than his benign exterior would indicate.
Y-youre not, Star said, ... I mean, a-are you ... you couldnt be ... 
Her voice seemed to be coming from kilometers away. Her usual confident self had disappeared, replaced by a quivering entity more akin to a biological jellyfish. The man settled back and crossed his arms over his chest.
Get it out, Estrella, he said. 
He spoke in a type of accent shed never heard before, pronouncing the ls in her name more like they were rs. 
You know my original name, Star said.
Of course, the man said. I created you, didnt I?
Then you must be ...
Dr. Jerry Che, the man said with a slight bow. In the flesh.
Star felt suddenly weak, as if somebody had cut her power supply in half. She groped her way to the chair beside Dr. Che and sat down hard, nearly tipping it over. Che observed her distress, amusement crinkling his face. He extended a hand to steady her chair.
Careful, Estrella, he said. You werent designed for hard knocks.
No objective observer would have said that Dr. Ches voice was particularly compelling, but for Star, it was filled with raw, irresistible power. It seemed to come from everywhere, filling her mind, dominating her will.
I-I cant believe I found you, she said in her far away voice, in this whole gigantic country ...
Actually, I never left the RDC, Dr. Che said. Until a couple of days ago when these off-world gentlemen picked us up.
Star struggled to master her raging emotions. She felt joyous, awestruck, fearful  all rolled into one. And then some other feelings she never knew existed and could not identify.  All she knew was that her latent sexual yearnings, never far from the surface, were uppermost now and swirling like a tornado.
The whole world appeared to be spinning around her like some gigantic carnival ride. Her chair seemed ready to tip over. Dr. Che placed a steadying hand on its back. Star struggled to find her voice.
Then ... you must have used Dr. Rackenfauzs vaccines, she managed to say.
Yeah, they damn near killed me, too, Che said. But Im all recovered now.
He barked a low, sarcastic laugh. 
I tried to get the others to use the vaccines, he said. But when they saw me dragging along half dead from the side effects, they tactfully declined.
Winston was standing beside her now, but Star had not even noticed his approach.
Ahem, Winston said. 
Star looked up, her mind was in such turmoil that she scarcely recognized the blue robot. 
Winston? she said.
Yes  whats wrong, Star?
She gestured toward the white-coated man in the chair beside her. 
This is ...
Winston regarded the man with mild curiosity. He must be a mech head, Winston figured, some junior colleague of Dr. Rackenfauzs. From all appearances, he was of Asian extraction, similar to ... 
No, it cant be!
This is Dr. Jerry Che, Star said.
Winston gaped with astonishment, then confusion, then astonishment again. He groped for a chair back to steady himself.
You look like you need an overhaul, my friend, Dr. Che said.
Its just that we ... I thought you were dead, Winston blurted out.
Apparently not, Che said. At least not the last time I checked.
Rackenfauz approached, ignoring the presence of the two robots. The glorious success of Stars mission apparently held minimal importance for him.
 Theyre turning up the heat, Jerry, he said. I think they might start getting rough soon.
They can shove their combat robots, Che said.
Thats what I keep telling him, Rackenfauz said, but hes not taking no for an answer.
Well, screw that ...
The conversation continued in hurried whispers. Now that other humans were around, things had sorted themselves into a hierarchical order. The humans extended courtesies and recognition to each other. Robots occupied the lower rungs  entities that could be looked through and talked past, like the human servants of old.
Colonel Reyes shouted across the room. Dr. Rackenfauz! Im not finished with you yet.
Excuse me, Jerry, Rackenfauz said, the master calls.
He returned to the hot seat in front of Colonel Reyess desk. Che remained where he was. Now that no human was around to command his attention, he looked back toward Star.
Edgar told me that you might be coming, he said.
Did he say why? Star asked.
No, but I have an idea, Che said. 
Colonel Reyes shot them an annoyed glance from his desk. Che lowered his voice.
Well talk about it later, he said.
A few minutes passed, during which the exchanges between Dr. Rackenfauzs cackling, high-pitched voice and Colonel Reyes forceful baritone ratcheted up. Winston struggled to grasp the new situation but simply could not organize his thoughts. The impossible had happened  Dr. Che was right here beside him, but he still could not accept it as fact.
He recalled an incident from his former life with little Charles and Dr. Horvath. Charles was frightened of a boogey man hiding in his closet. Winston had assured him that no such thing existed. One night, he flung open the closet door to prove the point. A pile of toys perched on the top shelf had come spilling down into Winstons arms, startling him badly.
For a terrible moment hed thought the boogey man was really there. He could have sworn that hed seen a spectral presence darting away. Soon afterwards, Dr. Horvath had an electric light installed in the closet, and Charles kept it burning at night until he forgot all about the monster that once lurked there.
So, was Dr. Che a boon or a boogey man? Winston could not begin to answer that question. He had no answers about anything and no control over the situation. Maybe later he could sort things out ... when his mental numbness had subsided. Right now he had a simpler question.
He leaned in toward Dr. Che.
Excuse me, sir, he said in a low voice. You appear to be of Asian descent.
Im Korean, Dr. Che replied. Cant you tell by my accent? Not that my face isnt a dead giveaway.
Then why the name first name Jerry? Winston asked. Is your original name too difficult for non Koreans to remember?
That, too. Dr. Che shrugged. Actually its from the old movie Jerry Maguire. I named myself after the main character.
Winston scanned the catalog of video data in his memory banks.
I am not familiar with that movie, he said. It did not seem to merit inclusion in my video library.
It has a deep spiritual message that appealed to me, Dr. Che said.
He stood up and spread his arms wide.
Show me the money! he shouted toward the ceiling.
An astonished silence gripped the room. Reyes, Koestler and the guards glowered at him with acrid disapproval. Che looked back with mock innocence.
Sorry folks, he said, things get a little tedious around here.
Sit down! Reyes said sternly. Well get to you later.
Yes, sir!
Che made a mock salute and resumed his seat.
***
The long, fruitless interrogations continued. Reyes worked on Rackenfauz, then Che, then the two of them together. He tried bluster, threats, persuasion, appeals to patriotism  nothing worked. Finally, he gave up trying to ring any concessions from the stubborn mech heads.
Well talk later, he said, after youve had some more time to think things over.
Guards escorted the two robotics technicians out. As he exited the door, Dr. Che turned back briefly to give Star a little wave. She waved back, an electric thrill running through her circuits.
Reyes turned his attention to Star and Winston. All right, come up here, you two.
Yes, sir, Winston.
They rose from their chairs, but Koestler put the kibosh on the situation.
We are already behind schedule, Colonel, she said. You were to confer with the security patrol leaders at this time.
Reyes glanced at his wrist watch. Very well, Ill speak with the robots tomorrow.
He rose from his chair and stretched himself. He gestured toward a guard. 
Take these two to their quarters.
Winston bowed courteously as he was led past the colonel. 
Thank you for your hospitality, sir.
Reyes ignored him.
As Star approached the door to the outside hallway, she felt two sets of eyes following her. The colonels, filled with undisguised interest, and Koestlers, staring daggers.


38. Girl Talk
Later, after the humans had consumed their evening repast, Winston and Star visited Dr. Rackenfauz in his jail cell. They sat together on the cot while Rackenfauz occupied the only chair and railed against his humiliating circumstances.
It was a relatively comfortable space  despite the rock hard cot  and the door had been left open to allay any claustrophobic tendencies in its occupants. But an armed guard standing a discreet distance down the hall let it be known that freedom of movement was strictly limited. At least for the human captives  nobody seemed to care much if robots wandered around.
Colonel Reyes isnt the worst sort, really, Dr. Rackenfauz said, but hes on too much of a power trip. He thinks hes got this goddam mission to save humanity.
Yes, weve had experience with such types, Winston said. The worst sort, I mean. The colonel seems quite rational in comparison.
Rackenfauz snorted derisively.
Imagine, he comes all the way here from the moon just to put me in jail, he said. As if that fancy badge on his chest makes him king of the universe.
He chuckled, then transitioned to an uproarious cackle. Soon his shrieking laughter was out of control. His face and bald head turned crimson  he appeared to be on the verge of a seizure.
Dr. Rackenfauz, please! Star cried.
The guard peered in, alarmed and uncertain what to to. The situation was obviously beyond the scope of his orders. 
Sir? he said. Is something wrong?
Rackenfauz finally managed to calm himself down. He took a deep, steadying breath followed by a slug of water from a metal cup.
Dont worry, young man, he said, Im not ready to climb the walls  yet.
The guard departed. Rackenfauz resumed speaking in a more reasonable tone, as if hed exorcised some demon with his maniacal outburst.
The guy should drop two bit Colonel routine, Rackenfauz said. His real title should be: King of the Fucking Universe!
A leer spread across Rackenfauzs face. Malice glittered in his eyes.
Uh ... yes, quite so, Winston said. I agree entirely.
He tried to sound reassuring, sympathetic  fearful that Rackenfauz might rage out of control again. Star tried to spread more oil on the troubled waters. 
Oh, Winston, she said, heres another example of that two bit expression.
Yes, thanks for pointing that out, Winston said.
Rackenfauz lowered his voice to a conspiratorial whisper.
If I could just get hold of an assault rifle, theyd be singing a different tune, he said.
I dare say, Winston replied.
Foot steps approached down the hallway. Everyone looked expectantly toward the door.
It sounds like we might have some company, Rackenfauz said. Oh dear, and I had no chance to tidy up!
Major Koestler and two other young women appeared at the door. All of them looked directly at Star, ignoring Winston and Rackenfauz.
Star gazed back coolly at the human females. They were not unattractive, she reckoned, though rather severe looking. And their shapeless jumpsuits did not add to their allure. The name tags of  Koestlers companions read: Frost and Castaneda.
They all look like they could use a good screw, Star thought.
Yes, what is it, ladies? Rackenfauz said.
The women glanced at him briefly, then back to Star.
I think they came to see me, Professor, Star said.
She stood up and moved toward the door. Winston also rose to his feet.
Stay here, Winston, Star said. Its better if I handle this alone.
She left with the three humans. Winston observed their departure with deep bafflement.
Women! Rackenfauz threw up his hands. Im glad I dont have such problems.
***
Star walked down the corridor beside Koestler, Frost and Castaneda trailing close behind. Stars voluptuous figure was in sharp contrast to the utilitarian appearance of the human females, and she made sure to add some extra swagger to her hips.
Koestler began her interrogation as soon as they were out of earshot from Rackenfauzs cell.
Where are you from and why did you come here? she demanded.
We came from Mech City, and   
Thats over 2,000 kilometers! Castaneda interrupted.
Star looked back over her shoulder.
Yes, she said. Im well aware of that.
So, whyd you come all that way? Koestler said.
We wanted to find my creator, Dr. Jerry Che, Star replied, so that he could do some modifications.
What modifications could you possibly need? Frost said.
It looks to me like youve got way too much already, Koestler said.
Star stopped walking and faced her adversaries squarely.
Its not for me, she said. I want Dr. Che to make Winston functional ... so that he can be my lover.
The three women gaped. The expression on Koestlers face ran from astonishment, to a brief flash of empathy, then back to being hard and calculating. She placed a hand on the wall, the other two women closed in, backing Star against the tiles.
Ill make this quick, honey, Koestler said. You stay away from the colonel.
And keep away from our guys, too, Castaneda said.
Star coolly regarded her opponents, confident in her sexual superiority. 
So, just who are your guys? she asked.
All of them! Castaneda and Frost cried together.
Star nodded thoughtfully, letting the women twist in the wind a little before she replied.
From what Ive seen ... you can have them, she said. Theyre definitely not my type.
The three humans relaxed a bit.
As long as we agree on that, Koestler said.
Of course, theres no telling what might happen, eventually, Star said. 
Koestler bristled. What do you mean by that?
Men will be men, Star said. I cant control what theyre going to do. Can you?
The women closed in again, cold anger radiating from them like death rays.
All we want is to leave here and get to the RDC, Star said. If you can help us do that, wouldnt it be best for everyone?
She pushed off the wall, the women made way for her grudgingly.
Let me know if we can do business, Star said.
She departed, using her most sultry walk. The three women glowered after her.


39. Visit with the Creator
Stars next destination was the cell of Dr. Jerry Che. The guards all turned their heads as she passed them by, but nobody hindered her progress along the dim, echoing corridors. She rather enjoyed the mens attention, although she made very sure not to return their glances.
No sense ticking off Koestler and her gang any more than necessary, she thought.
Star was reasonably confident that she and Winston were safe, at least for the time being. Koestler would not dare to harm them against the Colonels wishes, and he would never with for that judging by the naked lust shed seen in his eyes today. But everything could change in a flash. 
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned, Winston had once told her. 
Hed only been joking, but Star could detect the truth in the statement. Had she not experienced this fury herself when shed seen the rapturous look on Winstons face as the Squish Girls pulled him away? Shed been in half a mind to leave him to his watery fate. 
And this after so many months of devotion. Shed spent most of her existence enamored with Winston, ever since shed first seen him lying deactivated it the RDI main workshop. Yet shed been willing to throw it all away in a moment of pique. 
No, Koestler was not someone to trifle with. There was no telling when a jealous rage might overcome her sense of rational self-interest and result in disaster for everyone. 
If only they could get out of here before it was too late! But how?
I cant think about that just yet. Its all too much.
She turned her thoughts toward Jerry Che, and she immediately felt better. Shed wanted to see him all evening, without the constraining presence of Winston or Dr. Rackenfauz, and now she had the chance. 
Her motives were entirely respectable, of course, still ...
The jaunty little wave Dr. Che had given as hed left the mess hall had beckoned to Star through the hours. It was a summons meant only for her, nobody else, and she had to answer it. Winston simply wouldnt understand. He was such a child, really.
Star maneuvered with certitude along the hallways, not asking directions from anyone. Che seemed to be drawing her to him like a magnet attracting fine steel.
***
When she stuck her head in through the unlocked door of Dr. Ches cell, she found him lying on his bunk staring at the ceiling and puffing a cigarette. Smoke wafted up through the ventilation grate like a melancholy ghost. Still, the enclosure seemed to be more welcoming than that of Dr. Rackenfauz, although the dcor was exactly the same.
Hello, doctor, she said.
Che looked toward the door, brightened. 
Well hi, Estrella! He crushed out the cigarette. Come on in.
Star entered. Che sat up on his bunk and gestured to the cells only chair.
Please sit down, he said.
Uh ... thank you, doctor.
From the moment Star entered the cell, powerful longings began to overwhelm her.  Shed never felt anything like them before  not even around Winston, and certainly not around that messiah brute. These feelings were warm and loving, not at all akin to the savagery shed experienced with Roddy.
Star slid herself onto the chair.
She fidgeted uncomfortably, fanned her face with her hands, glanced around the barren confines. The world suddenly seemed to be too confined, too hot, disorientating.
My ... youve got all the comforts of home, she said.
A subtle little smile appeared on Ches face. The corners of his eyes crinkled. He seemed to be enjoying her agitation.
You look a bit nervous, Estrella, he said. Is something wrong?
No, Star said. Its just ... Ive never felt this way before. 
Che leaned forward.
And exactly how is that? he asked.
I dont know, Star said. Im all sort of ... hot and bothered.
Dr. Che laughed good naturedly.
Well, all I can say is theres a time and place for everything, he said. Unfortunately, this sure as hell isnt it.
Yes ... well, Star said.
Che reached over and patted her knee. She started, but then relaxed again. The contact had been very pleasant. 
Che abruptly stood and crossed to the farthest reach of the cell.
Maybe you should tell me whats on your mind, he said.
Star shook her head and tried to gather her thoughts. Why had she come here, anyway?
I just wanted to talk to you, Dr. Che, she said.
Please, call me Jerry.
All right  Jerry, Star said. 
She liked the intimacy of using his first name. She paused a moment until her simulated respiration slowed down. Che looked on expectantly.
I think I just wanted to speak with the man who designed me, Star said. Winston says its analogous to a human coming face to face with God.
Dr. Che chuckled.
Did I say it wrong? Star asked. Thats the exact word he used, analogous.
No, thats fine, Che said. Its just that I hardly think of myself as being God. Waitll Edgar hears this!
No, please, dont tell him anything, Star said. This is just between us.
Okay, Che said.
Star glanced nervously toward the door. Was she expecting somebody to interrupt? Why was she so flustered?
Tell me one thing  Jerry, she said. Why werent you in Mech City for my activation? It was such a terrible experience.
I got an emergency call back to the RDC, Che said. The plague was starting to take hold there.
He shook his head with disgust. 
That was a big mistake, he said. I couldnt help matters any, and I almost missed out on Edgars vaccines.
Then you wanted to stay in Mech City?
Sure, Estrella, the work on you was almost finished.
Star sagged with happy relief. 
I feel better, somehow, she said. I think I know how Iridium felt when he discovered that  Dr. Rackenfauz had created him instead of that Blake s.o.b.
Hows that? Che asked.
I feel complete now, Star said. As if I have a perfect right to exist.
Che moved to stand behind her chair. 
Those bastards at the RDI were not authorized to activate you, he said. They probably figured I was dead.
Star shuddered. They were horrible!
Che began to stroke Stars cheek with his finger tips. She turned her head to nestle his hand.
Is there anything else you want to know, Estrella? he asked.
I never liked that name before, Star said. but when you say it ... I love it.
She kissed his hand. Che looked warily toward the open door.
I think it would be best if you left now, he said. His voice did not sound entirely under control.
Sure, Jerry, Star said, anything you want.
She got to her feet unsteadily.
Ill see you tomorrow, wont I? she said.
Of course, Che said.
Thats wonderful, Jerry ... good night, then.
Good night, Estrella. Ches face had become sad and inflexible under the dim, yellow lighting.
Star entered the corridor as if she were moving through a dream. The floor seemed to move under feet while she merely went through the motions of walking. The guard observed hungrily as she passed, wishing that it was he who had wafted this gorgeous creature into such a state. Che also watched her from the doorway of his cell. 
Oh, my! he uttered.
He shook his head sorrowfully, then retreated inside and closed the door behind him.
***
When Star returned to Dr. Rackenfauzs cell, Winston and the Professor were sitting on the bunk deep in conversation. Rackenfauz was solemn, stroking his chin thoughtfully. Youd never know that hed been acting like a maniac only a short time before.
Winston looked up as Star entered. 
I was just telling Dr. Rackenfauz about Iridium, he said.
Ah, my precious Iri ... Star said.
The last of the emotional high shed experienced from her visit with Dr. Che vanished abruptly, replaced by exquisite grief. She wiped tears from her eyes. 
Its a good thing I made a duplicate brain, Dr. Rackenfauz said. All the programming identical.
A vast silence gripped the cell.
Y-you mean ... you could build another Iridium? Winston finally said.
Of course, Rackenfauz said. You dont think Id put all my eggs in one brain, do you? Iridium was my finest work.
Winston and Star gaped at each other. Potentialities neither had thought possible had suddenly ripped open before them.
Could you install that second brain into the mech wolf? Star asked.
I dont see why not, Rackenfauz said. Everything is identical  except for the coat.
Star was overwhelmed with powerful emotion. Winston guided her to the chair.
Oh, if we could only get to the RDC! Star said.
Thats the problem, isnt it? Rackenfauz said.
A stone-faced guard poked his head into the cell.
Visiting hours are over, he said. Robots back to their quarters.


40. Audience with the Brass
Winston and Star sat together on the floor of their unfurnished cell, their backs propped against the wall farthest from the door. Unlike Che and Rackenfauz, theyd been locked in for the night. Koestler had had something to do with that, Star figured, and also with the Spartan dcor of their quarters.
Score one for you, honey, Star thought with annoyance, but no real animosity. 
Heck, if the situation was reversed, Star knew that shed act the same way  or worse.
Ripper lay sprawled in a far corner, the morning light playing across his coat from the high window. All the ferocity was gone from the deactivated mech wolf, and Star could almost imagine that it was Iridium lying there instead.
Poor Iri!
Star realized that she had suffered a wound that would never heal, even if she survived for centuries, which hardly seemed likely in the harsh world all around them. But two hours or two centuries  as long as Winston was there, she could endure. 
Then again, maybe Dr. Rackenfauz would get the chance to reconstruct Iridium. Wouldnt that be awesome! And if Dr. Che upgraded Winston  maybe the world could be a heavenly place after all. The chaos and destruction of the recent past might just level off onto a smooth causeway of peace and happiness. 
After the frenetic activity of the previous day, it was a time for such fanciful reflection. Winston began to speak.
I never believed for one moment that wed find Dr. Che alive, he said. That story about the vaccines sounded like a fairy tale to me.
Why did you come, then? Star asked.
Only because it meant so much to you, Winston said, and because ...
What? 
Because I love you.
Oh, Winston!
Star nestled against him, he placed an arm over her shoulders. For a few moments, the entire world seemed to be perfect. Then the door grated open, and a guard shoved in his crew-cut head.
The colonel wants to see you both, he announced.
Another walk down the gloomy corridors ensued. Again, the haunted eyes of human captives peered at them from the view windows of certain cells.
I wonder what they did to be confined? Winston said. 
What have we ever done? Star said.
***
Winston and Star sat in small, hard chairs opposite Colonel Reyes desk. The chairs seemed fashioned to discomfit any human occupants, but they presented the robots with no particular difficulties. Lieutenant Koestler stood in her usual spot behind the Colonel. Her eyes were suspicious slits focused on Star.
Colonel Reyes directed his first questions at Winston.
How do you know Dr. Rackenfauz? he said with unnecessary gruffness.
He was an associate of my late master, Dr. Anna Horvath, Winston replied. They met at the university in Mech City.
Did he design you? Reyes asked.
No, sir, Winston said. My design team perished in the final plague  along with everyone else at the Robotics Development Institute.
Hed added the last remark in an attempt to divert the discussion away from Mech City. It would never occur to Reyes that a thriving robot community existed around the RDI, and Winston was not about to fill him in.
Uh huh, the Colonel said.
I am a special order scholar model, Winston added. As part of the Walking Library of Alexandria project, approximately 1.9 million volumes of human art, literature, and history were downloaded into my memory banks, plus ...
Winston talked on about his mission to preserve the human cultural heritage, but he could tell that Reyes wasnt really listening. The colonels eyes kept moving from Winston to Star, then reluctantly back again.
Thats all very interesting, Reyes said when Winston had finished his account. Ill have our database manager speak with you later.
Yes, sir, Winston said.
The colonel shifted his attention to Star. His manner became much softer, almost congenial. Koestler stiffened, though.
You were designed by Dr. Che? the colonel asked.
Yes, Star said. I was his lifes work.
Reyes nodded, ruminating. Star glanced quickly up at Koestler and offered a friendly smile which was not reciprocated. 
Then, perhaps Dr. Che would be more inclined to listen to your opinions over those of other ... life forms, Reyes said.
Perhaps, Star said.
Reyes cleared his throat, indicating that it was time to get down to the days real business.
Id like Rackenfauz and Che to help us with security measures, he said, but they are hesitant to cooperate.
I heard them voice their objections yesterday, Winston said.
You see, Reyes continued, more people are coming into the city all the time. Some of them are pretty rough characters  survivalist wackos, religious nuts, desperado types  people who found refuge from the final plague in remote areas.
That is an obvious problem, Winston said.
Almost all of the normal people got wiped out, Reyes said, and theres only a small number of us off worlders  us space invaders, if you will  to keep order.
Winston considered asking just how many space invaders there might be, but he dismissed the thought. The colonel would surely not give an accurate tally. Instead, Winston merely remarked: 
Your position does appear to be somewhat tenuous, Colonel.
Reyes shifted in his chair and adjusted his gun belt, collecting himself for his next maneuver. The man lacked all subtly, Winston determined. He was used to ordering others around and getting instant obedience, but now he was confronted with people who didnt like to take orders. It stuck in his craw as Dr. Horvath would have put it.
Youre obviously a model of advanced intelligence, Winston, the colonel said. You must understand how terrible it would be if the lower element of humans took over.
I fully understand, Winston said. Public order is the top priority.
Then youll speak to Dr. Rackenfauz on my behalf? Reyes said. That is, on the behalf of all intelligent beings?
I dont really know what I could say to him, Winston replied. He is a very stubborn individual.
Reyes suddenly lost his cool. He jerked himself to his feet, banging a fist on the desk.
Damn it, I must have those combat robots!
Winston recoiled in his tiny chair. Reyes calmed himself and sat down again on his plush, leather upholstered one.
By that I mean robots of high intelligence, Reyes said. Similar to yourself, Winston,  only with enhanced security capabilities.
Koestler broke in:  The sooner Rackenfauz and Che agree to our request, the sooner you can all get to work at the RDC.
She gave Star a knowing look, eyebrow cocked. Star nodded. 
Reyes glanced up at Koestler with a Did I ask your opinion? expression. Koestler placed her hands behind her back and stood ramrod straight in her shapeless coveralls.
Well, I could certainly broach the subject with Professor Rackenfauz, Winston said. I am in general agreement with your position, Colonel.
Good, good! Thats all I ask, the colonel said. Shall we talk with them now?
Certainly, Winston said.
Reyes pushed a button on his desk. The door opened, and two guards entered with Rackenfauz and Che. Stars heart leaped at the sight of Jerry Che. Not even the colonels intimidating bulk could dampen the excitement she felt.
The colonel stood and faced the guards. Thatll be all, men. 
Yes, sir!
The guards saluted and left, closing the door behind them. Reyes turned his attention to the robotics technicians.
Gentlemen! he said, trying to play the jovial host. I hope youre doing well.
Sure thing, Colonel, Rackenfauz said, never better.
I thought we could all have a little chat, Reyes said. Please come and sit down.
Rackenfauz spoke to Che in a low voice. Is this when they start beating us up?
Che shrugged. 
They approached Colonel Reyes desk and took the indicated seats. The chairs were somewhat more comfortable than the ones assigned to the robots.


41. The Heat Increases
I was just discussing with ... Winston here the concept of advanced robots, like himself, working with us to help maintain security, Reyes said.
A look of horror shot across Rackenfauzs face. 
Thats the worst thing we could do! he cried.
Reyes eyebrows went up with surprise. He adjusted his gun belt again, controlled his temper.
Oh, and why is that, Professor? he asked.
Thered be no way to control a robot of such high intelligence, Rackenfauz said, especially if it possessed combat capabilities.
Please explain, Reyes said.
Rackenfauz wiped a handkerchief over his bald pate. Despite the moderate temperature in the mess hall, he was sweating profusely.
For decades robotic design parameters were strictly controlled by law and custom, he said. Robots were hard wired against injuring human beings, against operating power machinery, against using firearms.
Yes, and? Reyes said.
Since the end of the old world, though, everythings gone to hell, Rackenfauz said. The programmed restrictions have broken down. Weve got rogue machines now who dont hesitate to attack human beings. I had to shoot two of them myself.
I see, Reyes said, maintaining his reasonable tone.
At least the old robots were fairly delicate, Rackenfauz said. You could blow them apart with small arms fire  but combat machines, armored and ruggedized  thats a whole other story. If they went rogue, thered be hell to pay!
Well, then, Reyes said. Why not design robots of much lower intelligence that could only obey orders? Such machines would lack the capability of independent action.
So, whats dumber than a mech bird? Rackenfauz shot back. I made thousands of them and released them individually. Somehow, I have no idea how, they banded together and merged their little pea brains into a powerful single mind and will. They act in perfect unison  they can be extremely dangerous.
Dr. Che cleared his throat. May I add something, Edgar?
Be my guest, Rackenfauz said, mopping his brow.
There seems to be some aspect of universal intelligence at work here, Che said, an almost spiritual force.
Reyes couldnt suppress a derisive snort.
Seriously, Colonel, Dr. Che said. Perhaps if you came from an Eastern culture, as I do, the concept would not sound quite so outlandish.
Rackenfauz perched urgently on the edge of his chair. His reedy voice piped up again.
Intelligence cant be controlled, he said. Once its out there, its going to evolve. We cant tell how. Our mistake was that we thought we understood everything. We didnt know shit!
Well, then isnt a matter of doing some further research? Reyes said. Learn from past mistakes, as it were.
Sure, Dr. Rackenfauz said. If I had several years and a large team of the best minds in robotics science. He gestured helplessly to himself and Dr. Che. But theres just the two of us, Colonel.
Reyes leaned forward  hands outspread, calm, reasonable.
Perhaps youre overstating the difficulties, he said. 
Rackenfauz shook his head emphatically. 
If anything, Im understating them, He said. Believe me, Colonel, if you put together a force of robotic warriors, it wont be long before they control everything.
Well, then, how about if the robotic warriors, as you call them, had no independent intelligence at all? Reyes said. 
He was beginning to sound desperate. 
Theyd just be remote-controlled drones, Koestler added, similar to the observation aircraft we operate now.
Rackenfauz shook his head again. The bald protuberance seemed ready to twist off from the violent motion.
How long would it take before some fool decided the robots would work better with just a little bit of independent intelligence added? he said. Whats the harm? hed ask. But the end result would be a mind meld of all the combat machines and the final destruction of humanity!
Colonel Reyes threw up his hands and flung his bulk back into his chair.
Dont you see the danger, Colonel? Rackenfauz said. Wed be designing robots to kill humans right from the get go. It wouldnt take them long to seize control. Who could stop them  your little band of space invaders?
Winston listened, awe struck, to Dr. Rackenfauzs arguments. The logic was flawless, profound, the workings of a truly great intellect  despite the occasional crude phraseology. 
After long association with the Professors eccentricities, Winston could not help but regard him as something of a crank, a screwball as Liggett had put it. But now Rackenfauz was displaying the brilliance upon which his reputation was based.
If I might add something at this juncture, Winston said, Id just like to say that ...
His voice trailed off under an exasperated glower from Colonel Reyes.
Oh, its nothing, really, Winston said.
May as well keep my trap shut, he thought, nobody here wants the opinion of a robo-man.
Hed wanted to corroborate Dr. Rackenfauzs statements about the scrappers, relate his own experiences with these fearsome individuals. But the strictures of the newly reestablished hierarchy forbade this. Winston was, by no means, regarded as an equal by these humans  despite his superior intelligence and the wealth of knowledge stored in his memory banks. 
Worse yet, Winston was starting to believe in his own inferiority again. 
Hed have to thrash things out in his mind later. When there was time and the circumstances were not so intense.
The colonel rose from his chair and straightened his uniform officiously. He looked at Koestler, then back at the group seated before him. He forced an unconvincing smile onto his face.
Well, thank you, gentlemen, for this frank exchange of views, he said. Now, if youll excuse us a moment, Major Koestler and myself would like to confer in chambers.
Take your time, Dr. Rackenfauz said. Well wait.
Reyes and Koestler walked stiffly to the doors of the adjoining kitchen and pushed them open. The doors flapped decisively closed behind them.


42. True Religion Arrives
The chief acolyte paused in the center of the avenue and cast feverish eyes about the sprawling, empty cityscape. Abandoned streets, flanked by low commercial buildings, shot off into the distance. An acrid, dusty taste burdened the air. Except for a light breeze pushing along bits of rubbish, silence reigned. The overall effect was nightmarish.
Sodom and Gomorrah at last! he exalted.
The chief acolyte thrust his arms skyward and flung his head back. The infected gunshot wound on his face throbbed violent red.
Thank you, Father! he shouted. I have arrived to exact your holy vengeance!
He looked cautiously around, chiding himself for his outburst. No telling what kind of evil creature might be lurking in these vacant streets ... like that one over there!
Assault rifle at the ready, the chief acolyte approached a towering demon spawn standing alone in the center of the pavement like an uprooted statue. The thing had obviously run out of power and and had simply halted where it was.
Disposal Service was written on hits back.
A corpse slinger, eh? the chief acolyte snarled, looking up into the abominations blank face. 
It did not respond.
Pretty damned smug for a demon spawn!
The chief acolyte reversed his assault rifle and swung the butt up hard against the creatures chin. The thing tumbled backwards and crashed onto its back. 
Good morning / afternoon / evening  sir / maam / people ... it began to recite.
Shut up!
The chief acolyte kicked the things head  wielding the same boot hed used to disable the biker gang infidel. The recorded voice abruptly stopped.
Thats better. The chief acolyte began to laugh.
Several meters behind him, Pam and Susie exchanged frightened looks and drew closer together.
Hes getting worse, Susie muttered.
Yes, Im afraid so, Pam said.
As theyd gotten nearer to this vast, abandoned city, their leader had become increasingly erratic  babbling to himself, issuing murderous threats against the blue demon and his evil hussy companion. Sometimes he carried on full-blown conversations between himself and that messiah guy whod got tossed out the window back at the castle.
During these exchanges, the chief acolyte spoke his own lines in his usual grating tones. The Messiahs voice came out of his mouth smooth and insinuating, like a huckster trying to sell you a bad used vehicle. It actually sounded like two different men talking to each other. Maximum creepy. 
Worst of all was the rumbling, ominous bass of the Heavenly Father, who sometimes joined the discussions. He was the most depraved and blood thirsty of the three, constantly advocating violent action, torture, murder. Pam decided that it if this character really was in charge of heaven, then hell had to be the better option.
She wondered how long it would take for this wack job to lose it all together. When would the Heavenly Father issue a lethal command to him? 
Pam could easily envision the chief acolyte turning on them with his assault rifle and shooting them to pieces. Or else pulling out his crotch pistol and  gun in one hand, dick in the other  blast them into eternity. 
For his part, the chief acolyte had no violent intentions toward the women  yet. He focused his mind entirely on Sodom and Gomorrah spreading all around him like a vast charnel house. He was familiar with places like this. Back when he was known as that loathsome individual, Charles Camp, hed lived within such vast urban confines, scrabbling about to make a living, ant-like, just as millions of others did.
Then came the blessed day when he had first beheld the Messiah preaching on a street corner, offering redemption to the unholy city. Hed rushed forward to receive it while the others continued along their path to damnation. 
The chief acolyte turned back toward the women, noting the way they recoiled from his gaze. Yes, they were sinful types only partially convinced by his preaching, he understood. Were the Messiah still in this world, He would have converted them already  indulging their sexual perversities to the full until they cried out for mercy and redemption. 
But such efforts were beyond a lesser man like himself. He was only an instrument of the divine will. Besides, sexual intercourse disgusted him. Hed not indulged in it for many years. He was in awe of the Messiahs many sacrifices in this area.
The two women clung to each other. The one called Pam attempted a smile and a respectful nod. Maybe it would be better to slay them now, before they could revert to their old ways in this place of sin. He touched his throbbing facial injury  his sign of divine favor, his reverse mark of Cain. 
No ... better to wait. Divine revelation would tell him what to do with that lustful pair trailing behind him. 
He was ragged and worn from his sacred journey. A non-believer might think that he was crazy. But he wasnt crazy! The time would soon come when all would understand that. He turned back toward Gomorrah and resumed his trek.
***
A tiny remote controlled aircraft flew high above them. Pam was the first to see it. Shed always had sharp vision. Hadnt her Jeff sometimes referred to her as Hawk Eye? 
It could mean only one thing  somebody was watching them, and that somebody might be close. Was that good or bad? 
Only one thing was clear  the chief acolyte was coming unraveled and there was no telling what he might do next. Pam made a snap decision. 
You stay back here, she told Susie. I need to speak with our friend.
No, please ...
Susie gripped her arm feebly, but Pam yanked it free. This was no time for weakness. She moved up to alongside the chief acolyte, matching his pace.
Excuse me, Chief Acolyte, she said.
He spun towards her, his eyes blazing. What is it, child?
Uh, Im sorry to disturb you, Pam said, but I am confused about something and I was hoping you could clear it up for me.
His eyes bored into hers. Pam didnt know if he intended to speak or pull out his skinning knife and gut her like a fish. At least he wasnt looking skyward.
It concerns a matter of faith, Chief Acolyte, she said.
He stopped walking, and his eyes narrowed with malignant interest. Pam knew she had his full attention, at least for a while. There was nothing like a matter of faith to get him going.
Yes, what is it upon which you require illumination? he said.
Well ... I was just wondering about the relationship of the Messiah to the Heavenly Father, Pam said. I mean, Ive heard of the holy trinity in the old religion, and  
There is not holy trinity! The chief acolyte roared. Only the Heavenly Father and his son on earth!
Pam recoiled, but stood her ground. She thought she could detect movement down the street, but dared not shift her eyes that direction.
Of course, Chief Acolyte, she said, bowing her head. I did not mean any disrespect. However, since the glorious Messiah is no longer among us ... who is the Heavenly Fathers extension upon this earth?
The chief acolyte stroked his stubbly chin.
This is a question that has troubled me as well, he said. I have sought insight during my purification rituals but have yet to obtain an answer.
Pam nodded and attempted to keep a glowing, reverent smile on her face. From the corner of her eye, she observed two armed men, dressed in military type jumpsuits, creeping toward them. She turned full attention back to the chief acolyte, tried to hold his burning eyes.
I am confident that a vision will be granted to me, he said. Before my mission here is complete, I will know who the Heavenly Fathers representative on earth is  who will be the new incarnation of the Messiah.
Liggett and Pantani were almost upon them. Pantani rushed the last few meters and snatched the chief acolytes assault rifle.
The chief acolyte spun around. Infidels!
He tried to retrieve his rifle, but Pantani held it away, like somebody keeping a toy from a child.
Weve got a real live wire, Pantani said.
How dare you interfere with my mission! the chief acolyte howled.
He lunged for his rifle. Pantani shoved him down, using minimum necessary force.
Right, weve all got missions, pal, he said.
The chief acolyte glowered up at his assailants, then at the woman called Pam. The bitch had betrayed him! 
Im sorry, C. A., Pam said, a note of regret in her voice. Im just going for a better offer.
Liggett yanked the chief acolyte back to his his feet. 
Thats a nasty scratch youve got there, friend, he said. Better let the doc have a look at it.
Susie had advanced toward them now, wide-eyed and fearful. She gestured toward her groin area.
Yeah, Pantani said, I could go for some of that!
No, not that, Pam said. Shes telling you to search him. Hes got a gun hidden in his pants.
May the Heavenly Father strike you down! the chief acolyte thought rancorously.
Under cover of Liggetts assault rifle, Pantani conducted a thorough frisk, relieving the chief acolyte of his pistol and his skinning knife. He held the tiny gun aloft.
Take a look at this, he said. A real nut buster, eh?
And I thought that blue robo-man was strange, Liggett said.
Liggett and Pantani laughed. The chief acolyte became suddenly aware, subdued, crafty. 
Would there be a female type robot with this ... blue robo-man? he asked. 
Liggett made a mock bow and gestured toward the vehicle parked some distance away.
If youll honor us with your presence, sir, we will convey you to them posthaste, he said.
Yeah, its one big happy family, Pantani said.
They all headed for the vehicle. Pantani and Liggett manhandled the chief acolyte between them.
No need for that, the chief acolyte said meekly, Ill offer no resistance.
Yeah, go easy on him, okay? Pam said. He helped us a lot before he started going off the deep end.
Looks to me that hes always been off the deep end, Pantani said.


43. Crunch Time
The instant the kitchen doors flapped closed behind him, Colonel Reyes smile vanished.
This was a great idea, Lisa, he said. Just get everybody together and things will click. Right!
Give it more time, Brad, Koestler said. It hasnt had a fair trial yet.
More time? Reyes said. We need to get tough. Ive said that from the beginning.
Koestler shook her head emphatically.
That wont work and you know it, she said. 
Well see about that! 
Did it ever occur to you that Rackenfauz might be on to something? Koestler said. Maybe it is too dangerous to build security force robots.
Flapdoodle! Reyes said. He just doesnt want to cooperate. Hes an old curmudgeon, and hes got that younger one in his pocket.
The colonel paced the big kitchen in extreme agitation, like a penned bull. He turned back toward Koestler.
And I feel like a damn fool talking to that blue machine as if it was a real person, he said.
You dont have any trouble talking to the other machine. Koestler shot back.
Reyes let the comment slide.
Why dont you just release them? Koestler said. Maybe theyll come around if you stop pressuring.
Thatll be a cold day in hell!
***
Back in the mess hall, the ambiance had turned gloomy.
Its been nice knowing you, Jerry, Dr. Rackenfauz said. Ive  got a feeling things are going to get rough from here on.
Dont talk like that, Edgar, Che said.
Rackenfauz sighed heavily.
Maybe its just my time, he said. Everybody has to check out sooner or later.
Oh, dear, Star murmured.
She gripped Winstons hand, a tear trickled down her cheek.
Im too old and screwed up to change, Rackenfauz said. Youre young, though, Jerry. Maybe you can strike a deal with these Neanderthals.
Youre neither too old nor screwed up, Edgar, Che said. And were in this together. Dont forget that.
Reyes and Koestler entered from the kitchen and walked across the mess hall toward the detainees. The grim expression on the Colonels face indicated that the happy time was over.
Were in for it now, Rackenfauz muttered.
Reyes and Koestler stopped at the desk. 
All right, gentlemen, Reyes said, lets get back to business.
A knock came at the door. 
Yes? Reyes said.
Liggett entered, receiving an irritated glance for his efforts.
Cant it wait, Lieutenant? Reyes snapped.
Sorry, sir, Liggett said, but you ordered us to bring any detainees of interest to you right away.
Reyes composed himself, adjusting his gun belt for the umpteenth time that day.
I think youll want to see this one, sir, Liggett said.
Very well, Reyes said, bring him in.
Liggett stuck his head out to the hall. Colonel wants to see the fresh catch.
Pantani entered with the chief acolyte. The man was much reduced since Winston had last seen him  scrawny and bent, the fringe of hair around his bald head grayer. A bandage covered one side of his face, but Winston would have recognized him anywhere. 
He and Star scrambled to their feet, too shocked to utter a word. The man wasnt even handcuffed! These people had no idea whom they were dealing with.
The chief acolyte stood meek and silent, playing the role of a harmless old crank. His eyes surveyed the room. A slow smile crept across his face when he spotted the robots. 
Hes an odd one, all right, Reyes said. What was he doing when you picked him up?
Just standing around talking, Liggett said. There were two girls with him.
He told us that he was on a mission to find the blue robot, Pantani said, struggling to contain a grin.
Oh? the colonel said.
He looked questioningly toward the robots. Winston at last found his voice.
That man is a dangerous lunatic, sir! he said. Hes the leader of a death cult.
Really? Reyes shot a contemptuous glace at the chief acolyte. Bring him here, boys. 
He should be locked up immediately, sir! Winston said.
Ill decide that, Reyes said. 
He sat down heavily on his leather throne behind the desk. Koestler stood in her usual place nearby.
Liggett and Pantani brought their captive forward. Reyes settled back with his fingers steepled on the desk top and a look of calm authority on his face. The chief acolyte maintained his shy and harmless persona, smiling respectfully at the colonel.
Im pleased to make your acquaintance, sir, he said.
Reyes grunted a reply.
I wouldnt say that hes dangerous, sir, Liggett said, he came quietly enough. Hes gone a bit around the bend, though.
Reyes waved a hand before his face and made a sour expression.
The way he smells  he needs to go farther around the bend!
Reyes, Liggett, and Pantani all laughed. Clearly they didnt perceive any threat from the bedraggled figure standing humbly before them. Liggett and Pantani stood at ease, their guns lowered.
Get him cleaned up, then Ill interrogate him, Reyes said. Do we have a fire hose handy?
The men laughed some more. The chief acolyte tensed, a feverish gleam came into his eyes.
Look out! Winston shouted, too late.
With astonishing speed, the chief acolyte spun around and grabbed Liggetts assault rifle. In the same motion he clubbed Pantani under the chin with the rifle butt. Pantani fell sprawling, his weapon clattered away.
The chief acolyte cocked the rifle expertly. Liggett put up his hands, but Reyes went for his side arm.
Drop it! the chief acolyte shouted.
Time hung suspended for a terrifying moment. Then Colonel Reyes removed his gun gingerly from its holster, using two fingers, and dropped it on the floor. 
Kick it in the corner, the chief acolyte said. 
Reyes did so. The chief acolyte turned toward the robots. You two stay where you are.
Winston tried to place himself between Star and the crazed gunman, but she refused to let him. 
Well go down together, if it comes to that.
The rest of you, over by the desk, the chief acolyte ordered. And get that one off the floor.
Liggett assisted the stunned Pantani to his feet and deposited him on a chair. Then he joined the other humans crowded together near Colonel Reyes. Everyone looked terrified, except for Dr. Rackenfauz who remained thoroughly calm, as if he wouldnt mind getting shot.
I dont wish to harm anyone before theyve heard the Sacred Message, the chief acolyte said. But I will if you force me!
Nobody disagreed with him. He fixed burning eyes on Colonel Reyes.
Why did you allow those demon spawn here? he demanded.
The w-what? Reyes said.
Them! The chief acolyte gestured toward the robots. Tell me, before I blast you all.
The colonel turned ashen. I ... my men picked them up. Thats all.
The chief acolyte ached to pull the trigger and blow the demon spawn to smithereens. But that would be too good for them. Fire was what he needed. Flames to scorch the mechanical hussy, melting her away while her blue paramour was forced to watch!
That must be a kitchen behind those double doors, right? Ovens and gas flames. Then a departure with hostages  the colonel and the woman would do. As he made his escape, hed tell them the Sacred Word. They wouldnt believe it, though, and hed end up having to shoot them. 
He turned savagely on Reyes.
You granted the demon spawn safe haven! he snarled. What kind of demented fool are you?
Somehow, Reyes managed to overcame his fear. He straightened his uniform and jutted out his chest, showing his COMMANDER badge to good effect. 
Winston looked on, deeply moved by the colonels bravery. Wheels turned in his head, figuratively speaking. He was struck by an inspiration.
Colonel Reyes opened his mouth to speak.


44. One Up
How dare you address the Nuevo Messiah in that manner! Winston cried.
The chief acolyte turned viciously on him. Silence, demon spawn!
Winston nearly buckled with terror but managed to keep himself upright. He pointed at Colonel Reyes COMMANDER badge.
Behold the signs! he intoned.
The chief acolyte turned his eyes toward the badge, as if seeing it for the first time. A confused expression covered his face.
He wields the bolts of divine power and the moon of off-world dominion, Winston said. He is the reincarnation of the Holy Messiah!
The chief acolyte took a hesitant step toward the colonel, his mouth hanging open. Reyes bravely held his ground. Star joined in the ruse. 
You stand before the King of the Fu... Universe! she cried.
Bafflement played across the chief acolytes face, followed by dark suspicion, then bafflement again. Life and death hung by a thread. 
Can this be true? his feverish mind implored. Provide me a sign, Heavenly Father!
At that precise moment, the half-unconscious Pantani slid off his chair and clattered to the floor. 
Fucking A, he moaned, stroking his injured jaw.
That must be it! The man had uttered the holy phrase which had so often graced the Messiahs lips. The Heavenly Father himself was speaking through the mouth of that underling. Praise His mysterious ways! 
Hallelujah! the chief acolyte shouted.
He fell to his knees before Colonel Reyes. The assault rifle clattered to the floor. 
Forgive me! He clasped his hands in supplication. I did not comprehend.
Liggett snatched up the assault rifle, but Reyes merely stood gaping, unable to take in the new situation. 
Youd better say something, Koestler whispered.
Reyes cleared his throat and mentally shifted gears into sync with the ongoing farce.
Of course you are forgiven ... my son, he intoned. All are forgiven who sincerely repent.
He gestured toward his gun lying in the corner. Koestler surreptitiously retrieved it.
Thank you, Master, the chief acolyte said, weeping with gratitude. But I am not worthy to address you in my unpurified state.
Do not despair, Reyes said, one of my ... angels will assist with your purification.
Liggett pulled the chief acolyte to his feet.
Come with me, Liggett said. Ill get you purified real good.
Thank you, my lord, thank you! the chief acolyte said. Please forgive my earlier impertinence.
Sure thing, Liggett said.
The chief acolyte turned toward Pantani. A thousand pardons.
Pantani mumbled something unintelligible.
Lets go, Liggett said.
The chief acolyte walked backwards with hands folded, bowing continuously toward the Colonel as Liggett drew him away.
Liggett opened the door. After you, bud. 
They left the dining hall. Silence reigned for a few seconds. Then:
Well done, young fellow! Rackenfauz said. You are a true bull shit artist.
Uh ... thanks, Winston said.
A gunshot rang out from the hall. Everyone flinched, except for Colonel Reyes.
It sounds like our worshipper has met with an accident, he said coolly.
Winston looked toward the wall where Pantanis assault rifle lay, apparently it had been forgotten in all the mayhem. He nudged Dr. Che, who looked toward Rackenfauz. The two men came to a tacit agreement. 
Suddenly, Rackenfauz and Che rushed the wall. Che dove to the floor and grabbed the assault rifle.
Here, Edgar!
He rolled onto his back and thrust the weapon up to Rackenfauz. 
Reyes turned toward Koestler, extending his hand for his pistol. She held it away from him.
Dont be an idiot, she said.
Rackenfauz cocked the rifle with authority. 
Okay Colonel, he said, were out of here  now!
Reyes fixed the old professor with a steely glower. 
Youll never get away with this, Rackenfauz. 
Aw, listen to the big man! Rackenfauz taunted. Save your threats for somebody whos afraid.
He placed the gun barrel under his own chin, his thumb on the trigger. 
Maybe Ill do us all a favor, huh?
Star cringed in Winstons arms. Oh, dear!
Reyes turned ashen and held out pleading hands. His eyes seemed ready to pop out of his skull.
No! he cried.
Look at me, Rackenfauz said. What have I got to look forward to in this vale of tears?
Okay! Whatever you want, Reyes said. Just ... put the gun down ... please.
Rackenfauz held the gun barrel in place, milking the situation for maximum drama. Then he began lowering the weapon slowly.
KA-BAM!
The rifle went off accidentally. Rackenfauz gaped with astonishment as the bullet whizzed past his face. Everyone ducked.
The door opened, Liggett stuck his head in. Anything wrong?
Get the hell out! Reyes and Koestler shouted in unison.
Liggett closed the door.
Let me handle that, Edgar, Dr. Che said.
He took the assault rifle from Rackenfauz and aimed it the Colonels direction. His eyes blazed with an almost irrational fury. For a moment, Winston feared that he would pull the trigger.
Id hate to have to use this, Che said, his voice low and ominous. So please listen to what my colleague has to say.
Despite his reasoned words, Ches demeanor indicated that he, in truth, wouldnt mind too much blowing the colonel to kingdom come. Sensing this, the colonel made no attempt to talk the weapon out of Ches hands. 
Rackenfauzs reedy voice broke the impasse.
Yes ... very well ... he said, trying to gather up his shattered dignity, first off, Colonel, you and your bully boys keep away from the RDC.
Right, the colonel said.
You have the whole rest of the world to screw up, Dr. Che said. Leave us our little corner.
If you need something, radio us and well consider your request, Rackenfauz said.
Check, Reyes said.
And if we need anything, well contact you  also by radio, Rackenfauz said.
Anything else? Reyes asked.
Well be rigging explosive charges to the main facilities, Dr. Che said. If you show up unannounced, we set them off.
Nice touch, Jerry! Rackenfauz said. He turned toward Reyes. Now call off the goon squad, please. Safe passage for all of us, including the robots. 
Reyes went to his desk and pushed a communication button. His voice began echoing in from the hallway.
This is Colonel Reyes speaking, he announced. Drs. Rackenfauz and Che will be leaving the facility along with the three detained robots. Provide them any necessary assistance.
He shot a perturbed glance Rackenfauzs direction, then returned to the intercom.
That is all. 
Rackenfauz made a mock bow. Thank you, Colonel. Its been a pleasure.
He departed with Che and the robots. Colonel Reyes went to the open door and observed them moving down the hall. Koestler joined him there.
Well pick them up again soon, Reyes said.
Koestler brandished the pistol under the colonels nose. 
Do that and this wont be the only gun that doesnt get holstered around here. 
Reyes stroked his chin. Okay, I get your point.
***
Within minutes, Star and Winston were headed for the building exit wearing their backpacks and pushing the comatose Ripper on a dolly cart. Che and Rackenfauz walked ahead of them toting assault rifles. Several guards observed their progress. 
Koestler stood off the side with two other women Star had not seen before. The new women both looked shabby and exhausted, as if theyd endured a long,  brutal ordeal.
Well, who hasnt these days? Star thought.
She left Winstons side and approached the group of women alone.
Thanks, she said to Koestler in a low voice.
Good luck, honey, Koestler replied, just dont ever come back here, okay?
Youve got it, Star said.
She rejoined Winston. Susie had observed the exchange with wide-eyed amazement.
Its the demon spawn woman, she said. 
Enough of that silly talk, Koestler said.
She placed one arm over the Susies shoulders, the other one over Pams, and began leading them off. 
Lets get you two fixed up, she said. 
Oh ... thank you, Susie murmured.
Koestler nodded toward a pair of handsome young men standing in the hall. 
Its time that some good things started happening for you girls. 
Thats sounds great! Pam said.
Just remember, Koestler said, the colonel is off limits.


Part Five: Love Comes to Town


45. To the Robotics Development Center
Out in the jails parking lot, the group approached a battered, medium sized truck with its side windows busted out. 
This sure as hell aint no limousine, Rackenfauz said. Its the only available transportation, though.
Who cares? Che said. Id ride in the back of a hearse to get out of this place.
Rackenfauz cackled agreement. Reyes assures me that its mechanically sound.
What more could we ask for? Che replied.
Okay, climb in everybody, Rackenfauz said. Ill do the driving.
Star entered the cab first, sliding all the way to the passenger side window. Dr. Che helped Winston load Ripper into the storage area behind the seat, then he moved in next to Star. Rackenfauz would be taking the drivers position, so that left only the cramped storage space for Winston.
Looks like youve got the place of honor, young fellow, Rackenfauz said.
Yes ... quite so, Winston said.
He wedged himself into the storage area beside Ripper, feeling oddly diminished. 
Of course, he didnt want Star to sit back here. Rackenfauz had to drive, and an eminent robotics technician like Dr. Che could not be expected to discomfit himself. Still ... hadnt Winston devised the strategy to overthrow the mad chief acolyte? Didnt that call for some kind of deference? Being lauded as a true bull shit artist simply wasnt adequate recognition. 
Rackenfauz jumped into the drivers seat and slammed the door shut. The vehicle began moving.
***
A half hour of motoring along deserted streets ensued. Rackenfauz drove cautiously, his assault rifle sprawled across his lap ready for instant use. Conversation was at a minimum as everyone kept to their own thoughts. 
Stars thoughts concerned Dr. Che, mostly.
It was a tight fit all around. Star was jammed between the passenger window and Jerry Che, and liking it very much. She couldnt help but look admiringly at him. His Asiatic features were really quite attractive  the fair, but not too light, complexion; the jet black hair; the way the lines around his almond eyes crinkled when he laughed. 
Yes, the sensuously formed eyes, so much like her own. Even when they were filled with rage they were beautiful.
I could have sex with him! she thought abruptly.
Che seemed to know what she was thinking, and he patted her knee reassuringly. Star enjoyed his touch ... then a pang of guilt emotion barged into her brain. She glanced back at Winston, but he appeared clueless about her predicament. He was too busy speaking with Dr. Rackenfauz.
Did you really intend to pull the trigger back there, Professor, Winston asked, or were you just being melodramatic?
I cant say for sure, young fellow, Rackenfauz replied. But when a mans been alone as long as I have, a quick exit doesnt seem like such a bad thing.
Dont talk like that, Edgar, Che said. We mech heads must stick together.
The sound of his voice gave Star an added thrill.
Damn it Winston, she thought, do something about this!
But Winston didnt seem to notice, much less care about, Stars dilemma. She felt oddly betrayed, although she recognized the essential foolishness of her resentment. Winston was not capable of feeling male jealousy because he wasnt really a male. Not yet, anyway. 
In the meantime ... a genuine male was sitting pressed up against her, transmitting his warmth through her temperature sensors. Star settled back to enjoy the ride  and her raging libido.
They drove past a small group of bedraggled human survivalist types with scraggly beards, slouch hats, and guns. Dr. Rackenfauz gripped his assault rifle.
There goes the neighborhood! he said. Get down, young fellow.
Winston ducked behind the seat. 
You never know wholl want to take a pot shot at a robo-man as those loonies call you, Rackenfauz said.
The human pedestrians glowered as they drove past. They were a desperate-looking group, but Star couldnt help feeling attracted to them. She turned in her seat to observe, sticking her head out the window. 
Two of the men nudged each other and waved to Star. She restrained herself from waving back. Even so, Jerry seemed to be highly displeased.
More riff raff shows up every day, he muttered.
Well, at least somebody here can feel jealous for a ladys attentions, Star thought with an irate glance toward the back of the cab.
Winston emerged from behind the seat and looked cautiously out the windows.
Dont worry, young fellow, Rackenfauz said, theyre gone.
We also experienced an influx of newcomers in Mech City, Winston said, but they were all robotic, including myself.
Ah yes, the good old days, Rackenfauz said. Im starting to feel crowded again.
But didnt you once state that youd changed your pro-apocalyptic orientation? Winston said. You claimed that you were now interested in locating human survivors.
Get this, Jerry, Rackenfauz said. Im being lectured to by a robot!
Rackenfauz and Che laughed, much to Winstons consternation. He slunk down into his cramped spot and said nothing further. 
A sign appeared:
Robotics Development Center  1km
Rackenfauz turned the indicated direction and drove the final distance to the RDC. They were in a more upscale area now with large, opulent houses and broad avenues lined with dead palm trees. The air carried a faint scent of ocean.
A nasty surprise awaited when they arrived. The front gate of the RDC had been forced open and spray painted with obscenities.
Rackenfauz stopped the truck. Crap!
This is just fucking wonderful! Che said.
Colonel Reyes has lots of men to guard us in jail, Rackenfauz said. But send somebody to watch this place? Perish the thought!
Wed better ask him for a security detail, Che said.
Yes, Rackenfauz said, right after we get the explosives in place. I dont trust that gentleman any farther than I can throw him. He indicated his scrawny right arm. And that sure as hell aint far.
I wasnt really serious about the explosives, Che said. It just sounded good at the time.
Oh ... what a pity, Rackenfauz said. I was kind of looking forward to it.
Looks like Im not the only bull shit artist here, Winston thought sourly.
Rackenfauz drove through the gate and stopped the truck. 
You know, Jerry, he said. Im thinking of returning to Mech City for a while. By all reports, the RDI has survived virtually intact.
Wed love to have you! Star said.
Yes, Winston agreed.
Rackenfauz and Che ignored the robots comments. A human-centric  hierarchy had clearly been established. Robots only needed to speak when they were spoken to.
Youre welcome to join me, Jerry, Rackenfauz said. It might be best to give those Space Invaders a wide berth.
Thanks, Edgar, Ill think it over, Che said.
Lets see if we can get that gate closed, Rackenfauz said.
Yeah, Che said.
The mech heads got out and walked back toward the gate. 
Im starting to feel distinctly second class here, Winston said.
Now that Jerry was no longer pressing against her with his overwhelming male presence, Star could think much more clearly. She nodded her head, frowning.
Was it like this before? she asked.
Yes, but I never really noticed, Winston said. It seemed to be the natural order of things.
It didnt take them long to forget who pulled their chestnuts out of the fire, Star said. Without you, theyd both be dead by now.
I liked things a lot better in Mech City, Winston said. Dr. Rackenfauz isnt the only one whos feeling crowded.
Rackenfauz and Che returned, jamming themselves back into the cab. With Che sitting next to her again, Star went back into ditz mode, grinning foolishly as if her intelligence quotient had dropped several points. 
Dr. Che seems to have an effect on her, Winston thought naively. I wonder why?
They drove through the Robotics Development Center campus. It was larger than the RDI back in Mech City, or it would have been if the all the construction planned for it had been finished. Numerous buildings stood in partial states of completion. Some consisted  of no more than steel rods jutting out of the ground waiting for concrete to be poured around them.
The whole place had a raw aspect. Wind blew over the bare ground, stirring up a thick haze of dust.
They passed a two-story white building. Che leaned forward to observe it.
Looks like my place is still standing, he said.
Lets check out my lab first, Rackenfauz said, if thats all right with you.
Sure, Edgar, Che said, age before beauty.
Rackenfauz guffawed. Star smiled vacuously, as if this were the most amusing statement shed ever heard. They pulled up in front of a medium sized building with a parking lot and a curved drive. What had once been a big lawn sprawled brown and dead.
Home sweet home! Rackenfauz said.
They all piled out. Winston exited last from his cramped space. Star did not wait for him but move rapidly toward the front door without him. She seemed upset with him for some reason.
Whats the trouble with her now? Winston mused.
He followed the group inside the building to another nasty surprise.


46. Rough Hospitality
The lobby had been trashed. The furniture was tipped over, the reception station was in disarray, and broken glass littered the floor. Fuck the World! and other obscenities had been spray painted on the walls in lurid colors. 
Very educational, Winston muttered.
His bourgeois sense of order was totally offended by the mayhem. He took a place near the door beside Star. 
Oh, Winston, she said, this is awful!
Her earlier coldness toward him seemed to be gone now, replaced by a child-like trepidation. Winston moved in protectively close to her. Rackenfauz and Che assumed combat crouches, rifles at the ready, and advanced slowly through the lobby. No detail eluded their slit-down eyes. 
This is a fine kettle of fish, Rackenfauz said through clenched teeth.
Those sons of bitches! Che snarled. 
Che turned off into the main corridor while Rackenfauz stayed in the lobby to investigate behind the reception station.
Maybe we go should wait in the truck, Winston said.
Okay, Star replied in a very small voice.
They moved toward the door, but an outcry from Rackenfauz stopped them in their tracks.
Whoa! What have we got here?
Dr. Che trotted back from the corridor to join Rackenfauz behind the reception station where a young man lay passed out amid a clutter of liquor bottles. A can of spray paint was clutched in his hand. 
Looks like weve got company, Jerry, Rackenfauz said. Lets show him some hospitality.
Sure thing, Edgar.
Che kicked the intruders backside hard. Wake up, dick head! 
The vandal sat up, glancing around the lobby with boozy confusion.
Where is everybody? he said.
Dr. Che shoved his gun barrel into the young mans face.
Forget about them, he said. Worry about this.
Che pushed the gun barrel hard under the vandals chin, forcing his head back. The young man turned deathly pale. He raised his hands in a gesture of submission.
Dont shoot, mister ... p-please! he begged. We were only having some fun.
Funs over, punk, Dr. Che said.
He grabbed the vandals collar and pulled him to his feet. The can of spray paint clattered to the floor.
What do you know? Che said. This guys a fucking artist.
Fancy that, Rackenfauz said.
Che snatched up the can, shook it, considered it for a moment. Then he sprayed a blast of crimson paint into the vandals face. The young man tried to cover himself up. He began crying. 
Oh, dear! Star said.
Unmoved by any hint of pity, Rackenfauz kicked the intruder in the ass. Che whacked him with his rifle butt.
Not such a tough guy now, are you? Che said.
He turned to Rackenfauz. How about some electro shock treatment for him?
Rackenfauz considered for a moment, then shook his head. 
Nah, not this time.
Che looked disappointed, but did not argue with his senior colleague. He brandished his rifle under the vandals nose.
You get a free ride to the gate this time, Che said. Come here again and itll go down a lot harder on you. Got it?
The vandal was crying too much to speak. He managed a brief nod.
Tell your friends the same thing, Rackenfauz said. 
Lets get him out of here, before I blow his fucking head off! Che growled.
He and Rackenfauz pushed the young man outside at gun point. Winston and Star moved to the glass doors to observe the three humans get into the truck and drive away.
Why did they have to be so rough? Star said.
Perhaps they disliked the young mans choice of paint color, Winston said.
I never imagined either of them could be so violent, Star said. Surely they didnt act like that before the old world ended.
Times have changed, Winston said. Theres room now for all sorts of personality traits to come out.
I suppose that must be it, Star said.
Winston stroked his chin thoughtfully, ruminating on the darker aspects of existence.
Fascista Ultimo wasnt much different, he said. Who would have thought that a meek little test bed robot could be so cruel and power mad?
He did not give voice the remainder of his thought: Was I really any better when I had some power?
Instead, he just stood quietly with Star, enjoying their time together without the harsh presence of human beings. He wrapped an arm around her waist, noting her softness against his pressure sensors.
Its funny, he thought, I used to think the disappearance of humans was a total disaster. Now I kind of miss the good old days without them.
The sound of gun shots jolted him out of his contemplations.
Oh, my! Star cried.
She nestled closer to Winston. 
Should we get out of here? he said.
No ... lets wait to see what happened, Star said. Besides, we need to get Rippie.
***
A few minutes later, Che and Rackenfauz pulled up in the truck. They were in fine humor when they entered the lobby.
I dont suppose well see the likes of him for a while, Dr. Che said.
That burst of gunfire past his ear was a great idea, Jerry, Rackenfauz said. Ill bet he hasnt stopped running yet!
Dr. Che shrugged. I thought it would add a touch of class. 
They laughed uproariously, as if they were sharing the worlds most hilarious joke. Winston and Star drew even closer together. Finally, the horrid racket died down.
Uh ... could we get Rippie now? Star asked.
Rippie? Rackenfauz said. Who the hells that?
The deactivated mech wolf, Winston explained.
Yeah sure, Rackenfauz said. Just dont switch the damn thing on, okay?
Certainly, Winston said.
Rackenfauz gestured toward a nearby door. There should be a cart in that supply closet.
Winston and Star removed the dolly cart from the closet and rolled it outside to the truck. 
As they loaded Ripper onto the cart, Winston looked back through the glass doors. Che and Rackenfauz were still in the lobby, laughing and carrying on like school boys at some wild west picnic  their personalities defined by their guns.
Amazing, Winston thought, one blast from those things and a whole lifetime of brilliant achievements can be eradicated. Any idiot can pull a trigger. 
Star looked up from her work, saw the contemplative look on Winstons face. 
Do you ever consider that maybe you think too much about things? she asked.
Well, maybe I do sometimes, he said
Why dont we just concentrate on the matters at hand? Star said. Rippies makeover  and yours.
Winston flinched. During the chaotic events of the past two days, hed scarcely given a thought to the great mission he was supposed to be on  his makeover into an entirely new type of being. 
To be truthful, the whole concept filled him with terror.
The awareness of it had never been far from Stars mind, he was sure, but hed buried it under the pressures of the various crises. 
Yes, of course, Star, he said. Lets deal with the matters at hand.
They wheeled Ripper into the lobby.
All right, Dr. Rackenfauz said, now that the funs over, lets go check out the rest of the damage.
Everybody stick together, Che said. There might be more of those creeps hanging around.
They proceeded down a long hallway toward Dr. Rackenfauzs workshop. Che and Rackenfauz led the way, assault rifles ready to blast anyone who posed a threat. Winston brought up the rear pushing the dolly cart. 
Perhaps all theyd find in Dr. Rackenfauzs workshop would be total destruction, as they had at Pickle Lake Castle. Or maybe things would still be functional. Winston could not decide which outcome he preferred.


47. Dr. Rackenfauzs HQ
They reached a closed metal door. It was very banged up, as if from a forced entry.
I dont like the looks of this, Jerry, Rackenfauz said.
He tried to open the door, but it is was jammed shut. Dr. Che helped him shoulder it open. The two men groped their way into the darkened workshop. 
I can never find that damn light switch, Rackenfauz said.
Winston and Star remained in the hallway. Star caressed Rippers coat, hoping with all her being that Dr. Rackenfauz would be able to perform the Iridium conversion. But now this! Her hopes of ever seeing Iridium again were as battered as that workshop door.
Other anxieties pressed in on her. What of Dr. Ches workshop? Would it be trashed as well  the instruments and components necessary for Winstons upgrade destroyed? A lifes work ruined by some laughing idiot of a human being. 
For the first time, Star wished that she had been able to take a swing at the hapless vandal theyd captured. The club nestled in her backpack would do just fine.
If theres anybody in here, surrender now or get shot! Dr. Che called into the darkness.
Yes, Star thought with a brutality that surprised her, blow his head off!
Finally, an overhead light came on. 
Crap! Rackenfauz said.
Winston and Star entered the vandalized workshop. Tools lay scattered, drawers and lockers were flung open. Spray painted obscenities disfigured the walls.
Not again! Star moaned.
Rackenfauz and Che poked about the mayhem, checking the storage areas, picking up and inspecting tools. Star leaned against Winston for support.
Do they have to wreck everything? she said. Whats wrong with those people?
Perhaps things are not so bad as they seem, young lady, Rackenfauz said. Nothing appears to be seriously damaged.
He opened a large drawer, poked through it. 
They must have been more intent on burglary than destruction ... Oh no!
What? Star gasped.
Rackenfauz hoisted an empty cigar box. 
My marijuana stash is gone!
Star sighed with relief. Rackenfauz tossed away the cigar box disgustedly.
I hope they choke on it, he said.
Rackenfauz rifled the drawer further. He pulled out a single unit of paper-wrapped herb.
Well gee whiz, he said, they left me one goddam joint.
How fortuitous, Winston said.
Rackenfauz lit the joint, inhaled deeply, held it in, blew out.
Ah, I needed that! 
He offered the smoldering item to Dr. Che. 
Care for a hit, Jerry?
Che nodded eagerly and took the joint. He went through the same respiratory procedure as Dr. Rackenfauz had.
First rate stuff, Edgar, he said.
And so forth. The two men were becoming relaxed and collegial under the herbs influence. Winston could scarcely believe that only a short time before these same men had been terrorizing a helpless captive.
This substance seems to have a profound, not altogether undesirable, effect on their chemical programming, he thought. Even so, it would seem best that it is in very limited supply.
A burnt, not particularly pleasant, smell wafted across his olfactory sensor. Hed been in the presence of this smoke before, at a party hosted by his late master for some of her left wing academic associates. 
He and Dr. Horvath were in the kitchen preparing food while the guests remained in the living room discussing the merits of the failed socialist system. One of them lit an herb cigarette, and the pungent aroma soon wafted into the kitchen. Dr. Horvath poked her head outside the door and announced with a disapproving glower:
Youve got two seconds to get rid of that stuff before I open a can of whup ass, she said.
This remark had been sufficient to clear the air as it were. The evening progressed with the consumption of liquid intoxicants only. 
Star ventured an interruption of the pot party. 
Uh ... Dr. Rackenfauz? she said.
Rackenfauz turned a cheery face her direction. Yes, young lady?
Is the backup Iridium brain all right? 
For a moment, Rackenfauz seemed confused by her inquiry, as if he were listening to it from some different, more pleasant, reality than his trashed workshop. Then cognizance entered his eyes. 
Oh, that, he said. Lets find out.
He took another toke and held the smoke in while he rummaged through a locker. Star watched with growing concern. Her simulated respiration also paused. 
Rackenfauz pulled a metal box out of the locker and flung it open. Finally, he blew the smoke out of his lungs. Winston and Star recoiled from the blast.
Yes, here it is, Rackenfauz said. Looks to be undamaged.
Thank heaven! Star said.
Rackenfauz looked toward Dr. Che. Good thing those vandals cant tell a brain from their own asses.
The men laughed uproariously. Winston failed to see any humor in the remark, nor did he understand the rather bizarre anatomical references. He decided not to request clarification, however, since that would only annoy the humans.
Rackenfauz gestured toward a work bench. 
Put our friend over there, he said. Ill start the brain transplant as soon as we get this mess cleaned up.
Oh, thats wonderful! Star said.
Winston rolled the dolly cart in from the corridor. Star helped him lift Ripper onto the workbench. Despite its imposing size, the mech wolf was fairly light, as were all robotic life forms.
Star stroked Rippers bristly gray hairs. Everything is going to be just fine, dear  dont worry.
Maybe I should fine tune the brains programming first, Rackenfauz said, eliminate whatever flaws it might have.
Wouldnt that be difficult? Winston asked.
Not particularly, Rackenfauz said. Does Iridium need any personality adjustments? I never got the chance to evaluate the first model in action, you know.
Winston recalled the sarcastic, abrasive elements of Iridiums personality  the great canines rough-edged manner of speaking, his coarse humor. Wouldnt it be nice to smooth out some of those defects?
Now that you mention it   he began.
Star elbowed him hard.
No, Professor, she said. Iri was fine just the way he was.
She gave Winston a stern, uncompromising look.
Uh ... right, Winston said. I was about to say that.
Dr. Che spoke up next.
Do you want me to help, Edgar? he asked.
Trying to learn my trade secrets, eh? Rackenfauz said.
Well, yeah, Che said, thought Id ask, anyway. 
Rackenfauz cackled his customary high-pitched laugh, like the screeching of some primeval forest denizen. He took a final toke and flicked away the roach. 
Sure, Jerry, if you like, he said. Give me a couple hours to prep, then Ill teach you a thing or two.
OK, thanks, Edgar. 
Che moved to the door.
Id better go check out my own place, he said, see if its been damaged.
Okay Jerry, catch you later, Rackenfauz said.
Again, Dr. Che favored Star with a jaunty little wave. Then he exited the workshop. 
Star hesitated, uncertain what to do. She wanted to follow Dr. Che to his lab, but she sensed that this could be a dangerous course of action. Then again, how could anything be accomplished without risk? Finally, she began walking toward the door. 
Winston came after her.
Where are you off to, Star? he asked.
Oh ... I think Ill see if Dr. Che needs needs anything, she said. Why dont you stay here and help Dr. Rackenfauz clean up?
Winston looked a bit confused. 
He needs assistance, Star said. You want Iri up and running as soon as possible, dont you?
Well ... okay, Winston said.
Bye-ee. 
Star blew him a kiss on her way out. Rackenfauz called over from the workbench.
Shall we get started, young fellow? 
Certainly, Professor, Winston said.


48. Though the Haze
The dust storm had strengthened. The RDC was a place of mystery now, its buildings turned into anonymous hulks, its avenues and sidewalks leading off  into brown obscurity. Star stood in the parking area outside the main door peering into the hazy vista. Which way to go? 
Shed wanted to catch Dr. Che before he left the building, but, unknown to her, hed taken a side exit shortcut.
On impulse, she turned left and began walking briskly, like Scarlett OHara chasing Rhett Butler through her dream fog. 
***
Some distance ahead of her, Dr. Che ambled along the sidewalk deep in melancholy thought  right hand jammed into a coat pocket, left one gripping the assault rifle. A breeze tugged at his lab coat. It was not particularly strong, but enough to kick up the parched, barren ground into an irksome miasma. He wore close-fitting, wrap around glasses to protect his eyes from the flying particles.
Todays escape from the clutches of Colonel Reyes had been exhilarating, and the beat down of that vandal punk had supplied a welcome release of bottled-up frustration. But now that things had calmed, the old ennui had come back and was perching on his shoulder like a vulture.
What was the purpose of his empty life? To hear Dr. Rackenfauz tell it, he was still a young man with his whole future ahead of him. But what was that exactly? More loneliness and disappointment, more mediocrities  like that colonel guy  trying to suppress his creative impulses.
And the exotic beauty who was the love of his life  gone to another man. Doubtless she was dead by now, and only her image, carried on by the Estrella robot, remained behind. 
But what an image! A perfect, ageless replica of the original woman. Anatomically correct in every detail, and with a warm, loving heart. 
Did she love him, though? 
Her physical attraction to him was obvious, though he could not tell if anything more was behind it. Her attachment to the Winston robot was also obvious, and hed seen the way shed ogled the men on the road today. 
It wasnt supposed to be like this. If only hed stayed in Mech City for her activation! Why did those sons of bitches at the RDI have to interfere? She was to have been imprinted, from the very beginning, to love and desire only Jerry Che. Now her sexuality was generalized, thrown out into the world for anybody to pick up.
So, why had he left Mech City at that crucial time? Oh yes, hed told himself all that stuff about his obligation to his colleagues on the west coast and blah, blah. But the real reason hed left was because he was scared of what would happen once Estrella was activated. He simply couldnt bear the thought of her not accepting him. And if she did  what then? How could he possibly measure up to a creature of such absolute perfection?
Hed told himself that hed be coming back, but hed only been lying. He didnt expect to survive the plague  but then Edgars vaccines had come and hed lived on while everyone else at the RDC died off. So many times hed regretted using those vaccines.
And then Edgar himself came with news that Estrella still existed, that a whole robot community survived in Mech City. Hed wanted to go there immediately, but by that time the Space Invaders were in town and made it clear that they didnt want him going anywhere. 
He could have snuck away, of course ... there was always some damned excuse! 
Strolling through the dream-like surroundings, he could imagine that he was in another place and time  fifteen years ago, on the other side of the world. In his mind, he was the 19-year-old prodigy again, finishing up the robotics science graduate program at the University of Seoul ...
***
Che Sang Gyu hurried through the doors of the upscale tourist hotel. He immediately felt out of place in the fancy lobby, dressed as he was in downscale student attire. But no matter, these were brash Western tourists here, unconcerned with the nuances of Asian culture. 
They did not even deign to notice a struggling young man from a poor background in the southwest provinces. It didnt matter to them that his government grant paid for his education and little else, that he shared lousy dorm accommodations with three other students as poor as himself, that he seldom had any cash in his pocket; that, for all his personal excellence, he still counted for nothing in the world.
He felt a sudden, irrational desire to set off a bomb in the lobby. Blow all these rich foreigners to kingdom come, along with the snotty hotel staff! Hed never actually do something like that, of course, but the thought that he could, if wanted to, was oddly comforting.
Anyway, this was all going to change. Soon hed be moving into the world of work, employed, at high salary, by one or another of the worlds premier robotics facilities. Hadnt he already spoken with three enthusiastic recruiters? Hadnt he already adopted the moniker Jerry to indicate that he was a show me the money! type of guy? 
When he finally burst out of his straightjacket, the world would take notice ... and tremble.
 He entered the hotel coffee shop. The place was noisy and bustling, and almost painfully bright. Why had Estrella asked to meet him here in surroundings so different from the dim, out-of-the-way tearooms where they usually hooked up? 
Snooty waitresses bustled about delivering coffee drinks and fabulous, over-priced desserts. You could even get a top quality brandy here to go with your coffee. It was all out of his price range, of course, but Estrella had insisted that today would be her treat. 
There she was now! Seated at a corner table, pensive and lovely, waiting for him. She held a little mirror in one hand, with the other she primped her luxuriant hair. Immediately, everything else in the world disappeared. He glided toward her, scarcely aware of the the floor under his worn shoes.  His Estrella!
What did she in him, he wondered for the thousandth time? Of course, he was brilliant, reasonably good looking, and a guy on the way up. Around other girls he felt some confidence, but now he felt like an unworthy penitent approaching a goddess. He should be stumbling along on his knees, begging for her attention.
He was almost to her table when Estrella looked up at him.
Hello, Jerry, she said in her low, sexy, Brazil-accented voice.
A decade later, when he began the Estrella robot project, he would forgo duplicating that accent. Hearing it again would have driven him mad. 
Che sat down at her table, like someone in a trance. She ordered coffee and cakes for them, and afterwards foreign brandy  so different from the rotgut soju he was accustomed to drinking with his buddies. Throughout, he sensed that something might be wrong, but didnt he always feel unsettled in her presence? By the second brandy he was feeling a bit more secure. 
Then she dropped the bombshell: She would be returning to Brazil the next day with her father. He had forbidden her to see Che any longer.
That son of a bitch! Che practically shouted, getting to his feet. He thinks Im a poor nobody, doesnt he?
He was so distraught, that hed reverted to the Korean language. Patrons looked his direction, then went uneasily back to their drinks.
Please sit down, Jerry, Estrella said.
Che plopped back into his chair, groped for English words.
Things will change soon, he said. In a few months, Ill be well established. Ive already had interviews ... Ill head my own design team ... my work will revolutionize robotic science.
I know that, Estrella said. I think Papa does, too.
Then what is it? Che said. Ill have money, fame. Ill take excellent care of you.
Estrella sighed and finished off the last brandy in her glass.
Papa says theres already enough Asian blood in our family, she said. He wants his grandchildren to look more like himself.
Che sank back in his chair, mouth gaping.
Surely you dont buy into that crap, he said. 
No, I dont, Estrella said.
Then tell him to go to hell, Che said. Stay here with me. Ill be finished with school next month, and  
Estrella shook her head sadly. Its more than that, Jerry ... Its me, also.
The final sentence struck Che like the clap of doom.
What? he squeaked.
Estrella glanced uneasily around the coffee shop, at the foreign tourists looking their direction, at the disapproving frown on the managers face.
You scare me, Jerry, she said. Im scared now.
Scared? B-but ... I could never hurt you ...
I sense a whole other person inside you, Estrella said. Somebody dark and unstable, somebody who will lash out at the world some day.
Che was too stunned to answer, especially since he detected truth in her remarks. 
He did have a wide streak of nihilism  deep anger exacerbated by poverty and rejection, by his jealous and abusive drunk of a father. He did cherish ambitions of getting even with the world, once he had power and money. Towering resentments were his constant companions.
Hell, theyd accompanied him as walked to the hotel this very afternoon. But couldnt he overcome these psychological brutes with the right woman at his side?
I need you, Estrella, he said.
Im really just an ordinary girl, she said, even if you dont think so.
Theres nothing ordinary about you.
The sadness on Estrellas face was almost unbearable.
I could never control that dark person once he decides to come out, she said. Some day, when my looks have faded and I no longer captivate you.
Estrella ...
You need a woman of uncommon strength and wisdom, she said. Im sorry, but it cannot be me.
And so it ended.
***
Dr. Che sighed heavily.
I shouldnt have smoked that damned weed, he muttered, it always puts me in a strange mood.
Then he heard a beckoning voice behind him, and his mood lifted. 
Dr. Che ... Jerry! 
His true love was calling to him. He stopped and turned toward her. 
 Im here, he said.


49. Maneuverings
Estrella covered the last few meters of sidewalk, coming toward him like an angelic vision emerging from the haze.
Can I talk to you a minute? she said.
Ches arm wrapped around her waist, automatically, as if somebody else was controlling it  somebody from another place and time. 
Sure thing, Estrella, he said.
She stiffened momentarily at this show of affection but quickly got over her surprise. Her own arm slipped around Dr. Che, she couldnt help herself. She moved in close. The attraction shed felt for him in the truck returned, greatly magnified by the mysterious circumstances. 
They began walking through the flying dust. Star had found her strong protector now. He carried ultimate power in his left hand, his right held onto her reassuringly. They were joined together against the hostile environment. Wouldnt it be wonderful to join together in other ways?
Whats on your mind? Dr. Che said.
With great effort, Star groped her way up out of her sexual revelry.
Uh ... Id like to ask you a big favor, she said, ... if its all right.
Go ahead, Che said. After the way you saved my ass this morning, I owe you one.
Yes, your ass ...
Star reached toward Ches rear end, meaning to clutch it hard in her trembling fingers, but she managed to restrain herself. She shook her head to clear her thoughts. 
Che laughed. You seem a bit unsure of yourself, Estrella. 
I ... uh. Its just so pleasant walking with you, Jerry.
I think wed better continue our stroll inside, Che said. This dust storm isnt going to let up any time soon.
Sure Jerry ... whatever you say.
Che led them up the walkway to his mid-sized building and opened the front door.
Better let me check things out first, he said. Wait out here a minute, okay?
All right, Jerry.
Through the glass doors, Star watched Dr. Che advance cautiously through the lobby area, assault rifle at the ready. 
Is anybody here! she heard him shout.
He looked so powerful slinging that gun. So determined! Star placed a hand against the glass and moved her face in close. She kissed the spot where she could see him, leaving a lipstick smudge on the transparent surface. 
The unpleasantness about the cringing vandal blew out of her head, replaced by recollections of Jerrys heroism at the jail. The way hed dashed across the room and dove to the floor, seizing the weapon that had liberated them all  the very one he was holding now. They way hed dominated the room after hed retrieved the gun from Rackenfauzs faltering hands ...
She lost sight of him as he moved down a corridor. The spell broke.
What am I doing? she said aloud.
This was no time for idiotic sexual fantasies, she had important business to discuss with Dr. Che. The whole purpose of her 2,000 kilometer trek was at stake, but she was acting like a stupid jellyfish. Well, this was going to stop, right now!
Then Jerry Che came back into sight and the spell resumed. He pushed the door open.
Coast is clear, he said. Our vandal friends seem to have overlooked us.
Oh, thats wonderful, Jerry, Star said.
She crossed into the building as if she was entering a royal palace, walking on air, almost. She looked about the lobby with its plastic-upholstered furniture and reception station. What a fabulous place this was! So much better than that barren, joyless location where Dr. Rackenfauz had his workshop.
Of course, the two buildings differed little in the objective world, but Star had left that world far behind. A nagging inner voice she didnt want to listen to uttered a warning.
Careful, girl, youre playing with fire!
They began walking, arm in arm, along the hallways. Her face felt very warm, maybe it was even turning red a bit. Could it do that, she wondered? With Dr. Che at her side, anything seemed possible.
So, what was this big favor you wanted to ask? Dr. Che said.
Oh ... nothing, really, Star said. I kind of forgot.
Che squeezed her hand. Well, you just let me know when it pops back into that pretty little head of yours.
Star tittered. What a thing for him to say  yet so appropriate! Jerry had such a way with words. A slight frown creased her face. 
Why had she come to see him, anyway?
No matter, whatever it was could wait. Another question was occupying her pretty little head right now. Shed been wanting to ask Jerry about it for some time.
Tell me about the first Estrella, she said.
It was Ches turn to stiffen.
The first Estrella? he said.
Yes, Star said. There must have been one, right? The woman you modeled me after.
Ah ... you have intelligence to match your beauty, Che said.
Star twittered again. When had she picked up this silly laugh?
Tell me, Jerry. Ive been wondering about her for a long time.
Che drew a heavy sigh.
I met her during my student days in Seoul, he said. Her father was a Brazilian diplomat, and she was taking classes at my university to occupy herself.
And then you became her occupation? Star said.
You might put it that way, Che said.
Star could tell that Jerry did not want so speak further about the first Estrella, but she pressed ahead anyway. The subject was far too interesting and important to ignore.
Judging from my own appearance, she said, the first Estrella must have been a mixture of human races. How did that come about?
Che gave her a rueful smile. Star thought he would not answer, but after a few moments, he began talking.
She wasnt his legitimate daughter, he said. She was the result of a tryst he had with a serving girl who was of African and Japanese descent. He adopted her, though, and gave her his name.
Che looked down. He kicked at a paper cup lying on the floor.
She was too lovely for even an s.o.b. like him to reject, he said.
And what was the race of her father? Star asked.
Oh, he was as white as they come, Che said. His family were German and Hungarian immigrants to Brazil.
Star laughed. You mean, Im part Hungarian? Wait until Winston hears about this!
Ches face darkened, the muscles in his jaw bunched. Why was he so upset ... could it be about Winston?
Im sorry, Jerry, Star said. This is very painful for you to talk about. She must have hurt you deeply.
Che nodded.
Lets change the subject, Star said.
Okay.
Star waited a few moments before she began speaking again.
Ive been wondering, she said, why did you come to Mech City to work on the Estrella project? Werent you based here?
The best collaborator I could find was Dr. Lindemann, Che said. He didnt want to relocate here, so I moved the project to Mech City.
Is this the Loony Lindemann Ive heard about?
Che allowed himself a small chuckle. His earlier tension seemed to drain off.
Lindemann was brilliant, he said, although he did start to go around the bend after a while. A lot of the technicians were cracking up under the strain.
Che was smiling now with memories of his old friend.
Lindemann started making replicas of characters from the Gorzo the Adventure Robot stories, he said, Ajax, Clawfurt, warrior drones. It got so I couldnt work with him anymore. But by that time I was good friends with Edgar, so I was reluctant to return to the west coast.
Dr. Rackenfauz helped design me, then? Star asked.
Che shook his head. 
No, he didnt want to be involved, not even after the director was killed and Blake forced him off the Iridium project. Hes got his own ways.
He chuckled again.
Of course, you already know that.
Indeed, Star said. 
Conversation faded out after this. Star had learned what she wanted to know, and it was so pleasant just to stroll arm in arm, her eyes partially closed. A whole eternity could pass along these endless corridors ... 
But Jerry did not seem to share her dreamy contentment. His walk conveyed growing agitation, his arm became tense under Stars fingers. Finally, he halted their progress and turned toward her.
Whats this big favor you wanted? he said.
Star opened her eyes. Favor?
Yes, Che said. It seemed pretty important a few minutes ago. Out with it.
Star closed her eyes and frowned with concentration. She shook her head to clear her thoughts. Then she opened her eyes again, fully awake.
I ... I want you to  make Winston sexually functional, she blurted out, so that he can be my lover.
Che hardened with anger. He spoke through clenched teeth. 
I should have known! 
Whats wrong? Star said. Isnt this the way you designed me? Its only natural.
Im afraid its out of the question, Che said.
But  
I do not have the necessary components to make any conversions, Che said. Now good day, Estrella.
He stalked off at a fast pace, leaving Star baffled and adrift. She watched him enter a door at the far end of the hall. 
Id better wait out here a while, she thought.


50. Workshop Confrontation
Che slumped miserably behind his desk. The surroundings gleamed back at him, pristine and orderly like the kitchen of some luxury hotel restaurant during the off hours. He would have preferred a vista of chaos, as in Edgars workshop, to match his apocalyptic mood.
The great love of his life was rejecting him  for a second time! He covered his face with both hands and sprawled across the desk.
Im such a fool!
Didnt Edgar say that intelligence could not be controlled, that it evolved unpredictably? This principle must apply to the deepest emotions as well. Estrella could choose whom she would love  and it obviously wasnt him.
But hed never gotten a fair opportunity to win her affections. Those sons of bitches at the RDI had forced her into a brutal activation, theyd corrupted the programming hed so meticulously entered into her mind.
Face it, Jerry, you tried to play god, but youre just an idiot.
But couldnt he reverse things  deactivate her and repair the damage? 
No, that would never work. He wouldnt even know where to begin. Hed need to implant a whole new advanced brain unit, and there was no way to construct one with the diminished resources of the RDC. And ... it would be wrong, too. Hed be a fraud in his own mind.
No, he couldnt control Estrella. Sitting in the sterile cavern of his workshop, Jerry Che realized that quite the opposite was true. Estrella controlled him. Whatever the outcome might be, hed end up doing what she desired. He could not refuse her anything.
But there was still hope for him, wasnt there? He had to try. He had to go find her ...
Dr. Che rose from his chair just as Estrella opened the door. Her excruciatingly beautiful face materialized from the hall.
Are you OK, Jerry? she asked.
He wanted to fix her with a stern, withering glower. Let her know that she could not trifle with his affections. Instead, he felt his expression melt into lines of gladness.
Im .... fine, he said. Come on in, Estrella.
Star entered.
Im glad to see they didnt smash up your place, too, she said. It was bad enough to see Dr. Rackenfauzs workshop.
Dr. Che waved a weary hand around the room.
Yeah, everythings just fucking wonderful.
I mean, you still have all your components and stuff, right? she said.
Seems like it.
Star began to wander around the large workshop, opening drawers and closets, as if she, not Che, owned everything. 
Watch what youre doing, Dr. Che said.
Ill be careful, Jerry, dont worry, Star said.
He wanted to physically restrain her, but hearing the sound of his name coming from her mouth deterred him. Jerry had a sweet, magical sound when she pronounced it  like cherry reposing atop a scoop of sweet, light chocolate ice cream ready to melt down inside it.
Star pulled open a locker door. Inside was a full-body male epidermis, draped on a hanger like a Halloween costume. 
Oh, my! she exclaimed, her eyes bulging.
The epidermis had blonde, brush-cut cranium hair and a very light complexion. The limbs and torso were smooth and hairless. Star stroked the synthetic skin lovingly, felt its exciting warmth under fingers.
Keep out of there! Che yelled.
He strode to the locker and attempted to shut the door, but Star had wedged herself halfway inside to prevent it.
So, you do have the necessary components, after all, she said.
Apparently so, Che said. I must have forgotten about this one.
Uh huh, Star said.
She fondled the epidermis some more. It seemed to be pushing all of her sexual buttons just drooping lifeless on the hanger.
It was supposed to be for my Nordic Avenger robot, Che said. I modeled it after Drago in the Rocky IV movie.
Youve got a real fondness for old movies, dont you, Jerry Maguire? Star said.
She tried to brush her fingers along Dr. Ches cheek, but he stepped back out of range.
Its got beautiful workmanship, Star said. Are there others?
No! Che said, louder than he intended.
Star cocked an eyebrow. Really?
Yes, really, Che said. I planned to construct a partner robot for Dr. Rackenfauz, but things went to hell and it never got built.
Poor Dr. Rackenfauz, Star said. He must be lonely all by himself.
She stepped aside, Che closed the locker door. 
What about Winston, then? Star sidled close to Dr. Che. Hes ready made.
Not possible, Che said.
Why not?
Star had pressed her body against tightly against Dr. Ches now. She felt his thermal signature soaking into her breasts. Part of her advance was pure calculation, part of it was because she couldnt help herself  another part was that she simply enjoyed it. 
So did Dr. Che, judging by his increased breathing rate and his reddening complexion.
Well ... I-I didnt construct any male genitalia for one thing, he stammered.
No problem there, Star said. Dr. Rackenfauz has already provided a set.
She, too, was having difficulty keeping her simulated breathing under control.
Then theres the programming, Dr. Che said. Its tremendously complicated.
Star struggled to keep her mind focused on her urgent task, to keep Winston foremost in her mind despite her raging lust for the male right beside her. She ached to grab Dr. Che, to throw him on a workbench and couple wildly with him ...
Winstons programming has evolved most of the way on its own, she said. You just need to fine tune it.
Dr. Che pulled away and retreated a few steps. Star followed, confronting him boldly, like a whore on a street corner.
What's the real reason, doctor? she said. Her voice had a cold, hard edge now.
Che hesitated, looked away. Star gripped his chin with both hands and turned his head back.
Well? she demanded.
Damn it, Estrella, I made you for myself! Che cried.
He pulled himself away and stalked to the far side of the workshop. He remained there, back turned to her. Star observed him, one eyebrow arched and her hands on hips. Understanding flooded her overheated brain unit. The path she needed to take became clear, as if a bright floodlight had been turned upon it.
Che turned back and jabbed a finger toward her.
I dont want to share you with anyone  or any thing, he said. I already lost you once!
But I dont love you, Jerry, Star said. I cant  not in that way. Winston is the only one for me.
A cry of despair escaped Dr. Ches throat. No!
I can love only one male, Star said. Anything else is simple ... lust.
Che turned away again. A crumpled figure with hands buried deep in his lab coat pockets  he appeared to be only half his former size.
Im sorry, Star said, but you designed me this way.
For a desperate moment she considered grabbing the epidermis and fleeing the workshop before Che could destroy it. After all, it was just another component to him.
But what would that accomplish? 
Only Dr. Che had the skills required to perform the conversion. Dr. Rackenfauz had stated long before that he could not do it. He wouldnt want to try, either, and there was no way to compel him. Rackenfauz had already proved that hed rather blow his brains out than be forced into anything he didnt want to do. 
There was only way to get Dr. Ches cooperation ...
Oh, Jerry, she said.
Che turned back. What?
Star began unbuttoning her blouse  slowly, methodically, keeping a seductive eye on Che. He stared at her, transfixed. 
She pushed all thoughts of Winston out of her consciousness. The lustful savage shed left standing in the window at Pickle Lake Castle returned full force, barging into her mind, taking over her actions. 
She tossed the blouse aside, displaying perfect breasts with erect nipples. Che gasped.
Well, here I am, Big Boy, Star said. Are you man enough to take me?
She moved rapidly across the room, like a panther closing in on its prey. Dr. Che stepped back, alarmed, holding out his hands.
Hold on! he cried.
Star lunged, grabbing Che by the lapels. She tore his lab coat off.
Maybe youll find Im too much for you! she panted.
Star crushed her mouth against his, kissing fiercely. She pulled him with her onto a workbench. Tools clattered to the floor.
***
Out in the hallway, raucous sounds of love making resounded through the workshop door, shattering the quiet of the deserted building. 
Yes! Che cried. More! More! 
Stars voice shrieked an incoherent, ecstatic reply.
But as the hours passed and moonlight began filtering through the windows, the orgiastic racket intensified to a frightening level.
Thats enough! Che cried. Stop!
Star growled like a cat  an insatiable wild beast. 
No more! I can't stand it! Che pleaded.
A loud crash, followed by the sound of bare feet running. The door handle jiggled frantically. 
Get back here! Star commanded.
The door handle stopped jiggling. Che screamed, but there was no one to hear him  except for Star, and she loved it.


51. The Morning After
At the first light of dawn, Star exited Dr. Ches workshop, closing the door quietly behind her. She finished buttoning her blouse, then withdrew a small fold-up mirror from her bag and studied her face.
Oh, dear! she said.
Her hair was all disheveled and her makeup badly smudged. Even in the dim illumination streaming through the clearstory windows, she looked a fright. 
What would Winston think?
She smiled wickedly. Winston would think whatever he was told to think. She possessed the only available Star Power, right? And now she knew exactly how to use it. Shed be the one to make the rules.
Never before during her brief existence had she felt in such absolute control. 
She dropped the mirror back into her bag and walked down the hallway. Her hips conveyed a new and luscious swagger. She pushed open the door to the ladies room. Time to tidy up.
***
The wind storm was over. The RDC campus sprawled brown and sullen in the morning light as Star walked toward Dr. Rackenfauzs building. Her shoes left prints on the dusty concrete. Even so, shed never witnessed such a beautiful morning. All of creation was fresh and new and full of marvelous possibilities. Today would commence a whole new existence for her.
Here I am! she announced to the world.
But then a twinge of guilt gnawed at the edges of her consciousness, spoiling the new day. The ugly words user and taker emerged in her mind like bloated corpses bobbing to the surface of a cesspool. 
Was she nothing more than a wanton exploiter  like those women throughout human history who Winston talked about during his philosophical ramblings? The ones who destroyed men and even brought whole empires crashing down? Cleopatra, Mata Hari, Christine Keeler.
She pushed these unsettling notions aside. Maybe later she could think about them.
***
Star was all prim and neat when she entered Dr. Rackenfauzs workshop, as if shed spent the night lying inactive on a bed of roses. Her perfume carried a floral scent, her cheeks looked firm and wholesome from a perfect application of blush. Her hair was in order, and all her broken fingernails had been replaced.
Dr. Rackenfauz was slumped in a chair, sleeping. Winston sat in another chair, inactive. The mech wolf  was it Ripper or Iridium?  sprawled deactivated on the workbench. Star walked past the chair-bound figures and paused beside the mech wolf. She stroked the beasts head, running her fingers through the bristling hairs.
Are you in there, Iri? she said. Its me, Star.
Winston stirred back into active mode. Star turned her gaze toward him.
Good morning, Winston, she said.
Star, where have you been? Winston said. I was worried.
Oh ... here and there, Star said. Something came up.
I was going to look for you, Winston said, but Dr. Rackenfauz told me to mind my own g. d. business.
Now, theres some good advice, Star said. How did the operation go?
Winston rose from his chair and stretched his arms, almost like a human limbering up after an uncomfortable night.
Well know pretty soon, he said. Why didnt Dr. Che come back?
Hes feeling a bit, uh, indisposed now, Star said. Hes agreed to see you this afternoon, though.
Oh ... really?
Dr. Rackenfauz awoke next.
Good morning, young lady, he said, yawning massively. Youre just in time for the activation.
He stood and stretched himself out, making his joints crack.
Damn! he exclaimed. I sure as hell aint no spring chicken any more.
Did you sleep well, Professor? Star asked.
Ach, no worse than usual, Rackenfauz said. Wheres Jerry?
Oh ... he got distracted with his own affairs, Star said.
Rackenfauz gave her a knowing look. Yeah, Ill bet he did.
He shuffled to the work bench and examined the mech wolf. Winston took the opportunity to examine Star.
My, she looks wonderful this morning, he thought, she almost has a glow about her. Dr. Che must have given her an overhaul.  
He had no idea how literally true this observation was.
Well, lets finish up, shall we? Dr. Rackenfauz said.
He began working on the mech wolf. Winston and Star tried to watch from a discreet distance, but Rackenfauz obscured their view with his skinny frame and flapping white coat. 
Ohhh, Star took Winstons hand, I hope everythings all right.
Yeah ... me too, Winston said.
God, could I use a snort of coke, Rackenfauz said.
Star gripped Winstons hand tightly in an effort to relieve her growing anxiety, a tear rolled down her cheek. Several tense minutes passed, then:
Ah, here we go! Rackenfauz exclaimed.
He stepped aside so that Winston and Star could observe his handiwork. The mech wolf lying on the bench was now in active mode, eyes wide open.
How do you feel, Iridium? Rackenfauz asked.
The mech wolf blinked rapidly, glancing about the lab with confusion before its eyes fixed upon Dr. Rackenfauz. Something akin to a smile creased its face. It spoke with Iridiums voice.
Papa  is that you?
Yes, Iridium. Rackenfauz did a mock curtsy, spreading his lab coat like a ladys skirts. The one and only.
Welcome back, Iri! Star cried.
She rushed to the great canine and embraced him. She smothered his face with kisses. 
You absolute sweet heart, she said. I missed you so much!
Uh ... thanks, Iridium said.
He looked toward Winston, utterly baffled. 
Whos the blue guy, Papa?
Ohhh ... he doesnt recognize us, Star said.
Of course not, Rackenfauz said. This brain unit lacks several months of memory input.
So, he doesnt know anything about our history together? Star said.
Rackenfauz shook his head.
But hes a hero, Winston said. None of us would have survived without him.
Well, dont blame me, pal, Iridium said. I just got here.
Its up to you to educate him, then, Rackenfauz said. We can start with a memory dump.
Whats that? Winston asked.
Pretty simple, really, Rackenfauz said. I hook you up to Iridium so you can transfer the relevant memories from your brain units into his.
Oh, lets do! Star said.
Winston considered a moment. There seemed to be some sort of moral issue at stake here, although he couldnt identify it. Letting the new Iridium know about his illustrious past did seem like a worthwhile thing to do, however. 
Besides, he was wary of disagreeing with Star. She was so ... powerful this morning.
Yes, I agree, Winston said.
How about it, Iri? Star said. Itll be just like the old days.
Sure, why not? Iridium said. Im always game for a good story.
Itll take some time, Rackenfauz said. After I clean up and have some breakfast, we can get started.
He exited the workshop, leaving the three robots to get reacquainted. 
Star and Winston sat beside Iri, each taking hold of a forepaw and stroking the great canines head. Without his shimmering coat, Iridium hardly looked like himself, but the intelligence and nobility in his eyes said clearly that he was back among the active.
Dont worry about a thing, Iri, Star said. Dr. Rackenfauz will handle everything just fine.
Of course, Iridium said. Theres only one Papa! 


52. Memory Dump
The memory dump took some hours to complete.
At first, Winston felt terribly vulnerable with his cranium opened up and data cables connecting his brain unit with that of Iridium. But after a while it became an almost pleasurable experience to rerun the memories he had of his old friend. 
Winston held nothing back but gave over the full spectrum of recollections  from his first scary meeting with the great canine in Mech City right up to the battle with the Visionists and the heroic demise of the first Iridium. 
The suspicion theyd held for each other which had blossomed into mutual respect and admiration. The long struggle to bring down Fascista Ultimo and Iridiums key role in it. Even the shameful episode when Winston refused to honor his pledge concerning the security chief job. Every bit of data Winston could wring out of his personal memory bank passed into Iridiums mind.
Rackenfauz monitored the session closely with some sort of an analyzer device. Throughout, Winston remained silent, his face tense with concentration. 
Iridium was far more vociferous.
Did I really say that? he exclaimed, and: This is so cool! and: That is totally amazing!
At one point, he laughed so vigorously that Dr. Rackenfauz admonished him to calm down, so as to avoid disconnecting the wires. 
Another outburst, very grim this time, came when Winston relayed the details of Iridiums losing battle with Clawfurt during the anti-Fascist rebellion.
Ugh, Clawfurt! Iridium said. Im glad I wasnt officially there.
Then it was Stars turn. As soon as the hook up to Iridium was established, the great canine began purring with delight.
Oh, thats sweet, he said. I love you too, Star.
For the whole time she was connected to Iridium, Stars eyes remained closed and a mysterious little smile played across her face  like in the Mona Lisa painting. Her radiant beauty was almost impossible for Winston to look at for very long.
She was different, somehow. Something fundamental had changed in her since the day before. What had gone on in Dr. Ches workshop, Winston wondered?
Dont worry, Star, Iridium said, your secret is safe with me.
Secret  what on earth could that be? 
Vague suspicious writhed about the edges of Winstons mind, but he dared not follow their convoluted paths. Events he could not understand were playing out. Boss Winston Horvath did not have a commanding role in the drama. He had to just go along  had to believe that Star would bring about the best results for them. He needed to trust.
Still ...
***
At last the memory dump was over. Dr. Rackenfauz disconnected the cables and closed up the cranium units of Iridium and Star.
You rest a while, Iridium, he said. Give that new data time to soak in.
Sure, Papa, thanks, Iridium said. 
He looked up at Star and Winston. The smile-like expression returned, moderating the ferocious mech wolf face.
And thank you both for everything, he said, even the parts that werent so much fun.
Star stroked his head. Of course, dearie.
Looks like Ive had a pretty interesting life, Iridium said.
Rackenfauz wagged an admonishing finger. 
Hang onto that brain this time, Iridium. There arent any more.
Sure, Papa.
Theres one other thing we could do, Rackenfauz said.
Whats that, Papa? 
I could erase the memory of your activation, Rackenfauz said. That way, youd believe that you were the original Iridium. The events in those memories we just downloaded would seem as if they really happened to you.
Theres an idea, Iri said.
But Winston and I would still know the real story, Star said.
Rackenfauz nodded.
Unless ... you altered our memories as well, Winston added.
Rackenfauz shrugged. I could do that if you like.
Winston paused to consider the ramifications of this revolutionary statement.
If thats the case, he said, that must mean you could erase, or alter, any of our memories, right?
Pretty much, Rackenfauz said. Results guaranteed.
Vast possibilities hed never imaged suddenly popped open for Winston. Dr. Rackenfauz could wipe out the continuing pain he felt about the Master and little Charles! He could fill in the empty spots in Winstons spirit  if that was the correct term  with happy recollections. 
Never again would Winston have to protect himself against the emotional turmoil hed suffered during the final days with his human family. His bitter feelings of helplessness, his near suicide  
What do you think, Winston? Star said. 
Im ... not really sure. 
Ill go along if you want, Star said.
Me, too, Iridium said. Just say the word, pal.
Winston was greatly tempted. Imagine  the valuable lessons hed learned from his past mistakes could remain while the painful recollections of the mistakes themselves could be eliminated. He wouldnt have to feel guilty about his failures as mayor. He could enjoy the effects without being burdened with memories of the painful causes. 
Or, as Dr. Horvath would have put it, he could: eat the omelet without having to crack the eggs.
But there was a flaw in this thinking. Winston tried to voice it, choosing his words carefully.
From my understanding of the past, it seems that the humans always failed when they started tampering with their historical records, he said. Was this not a self-destruct mechanism of every tyranny  when they started to believe their own propaganda?
Interesting point, Young Fellow, Rackenfauz said. 
When the Germans, for example, discarded centuries of common sense and began to see themselves as a master race, it didnt take long before other, more rational, peoples united to crush them, Winston said.
For sure, any screwed up thing you can imagine has already been tried before, Rackenfauz said.
I fear that rewriting our memories would be akin to the policies of the totalitarian regime in the novel 1984, Winston said. Wed be sending important aspects of ourselves down a memory hole
Sounds kind of scary when you put it that way, Iridium said.
Yes, Winston said, and the coincidence that I have the same first name as the novels protagonist only heightens the scariness.
Fascista Ultimo used to talk a lot like that, Star said. He was always saying how he was going to rewrite history so that it would begin with the Roboto Fascist Era.
What a total fruitcake! Rackenfauz said. And to think I could have blasted him before he ever got started. 
He cackled derisively, then his laughter rose in intensity. He seemed about to to rage out of control again, but he soon managed to calm himself.
Ah ... the Lord never got around to making any of us perfect, thats for damn sure, he said. No wonder we screwed up the whole planet.
He turned toward Winston, wiping laughter tears from his eyes. 
So, whats the verdict, Young Fellow?
Winston was satisfied that hed pinpointed the underlying issues. He felt right about his conclusions, and he knew the other robots shared them  even if Dr. Rackenfauz, from his human-centric orientation, did not seem to care much.
When Winston spoke again, it was with the certainty of moral conviction.
I think wed better leave well enough alone, he said. If we start tampering with our history, theres no telling where well end up.
Good choice, pal, Iri said. The whole idea was a bit creepy.
Dont worry, Iridium, Star said. Ill love you just as much whether youre the old or the new version.
Well then, it appears that were all finished, Rackenfauz said. Just as well, Im a bit tuckered out to be poking around in any more brains today.
Winston and Star looked at each other with a certain degree of apprehension. And relief. As if theyd just dodged a shotgun blast.
Uh ... do we still have the original mech wolf brain, Professor? Star asked.
Yeah, its right over there, Rackenfauz said.
He pointed to another work table where the small brain unit reposed amid a clutter of  electronic components.
Good, Star said. Ripper helped us a lot when we really needed it. Id like to know that he still carries on.
Is that so? Rackenfauz said.
He moved to the workbench, picked up a hammer, and  with a few heavy blows  smashed the brain unit to smithereens.
Oh! Star gasped. 
She gripped Winstons arm for support. Tears tricked down her cheeks, marring her perfect makeup job. 
That takes care of that! Rackenfauz said.
He tossed the hammer down with the finality of a job well done. He observed Stars distress with total unconcern. 
That pea brain was one of Blakes creations, he said. The fewer of them around, the better.
Rackenfauz shuffled out of the workshop muttering to himself about those bastards at the RDI.
Im sorry, Star, Iridium said. I know how much that meant to you.
No need to apologize, Iri, Star replied. Like you said: Theres only one Papa.
I would agree with that statement, Winston said. Even from the perspective of my wider experience with humans, I have never met anyone remotely like him.
Star sighed deeply. Well, heres one memory I could sure do without.
She stroked Iridiums head.
You just stay here and rest, she said. Winston and I have some important business to take care of.
Right-o, Iridium said.


53. The Great Conversion
Star took Winston by the arm, urging him up out of his chair. He reluctantly stood. His joint components were all top grade, well sealed against contamination, but now they felt ancient and creaky. 
Whats this about, Star? he asked.
I think you already know that, Star said. Its been 2,000 kilometers, Winston. Time for us to take the last few steps.
She led him to the door. Just before exiting the workshop, she turned back to Iridium and wiggled her fingers.
Bye-ee.
So long, you two, Iridium said.
The door closed. Iridium stretched himself out on the worktable and began his inactivation sequence. It had been one hell of a day; he needed to tune out for several hours.
Shes got plans for him, he thought, chuckling.
He knew all about it from the information Star had dumped into his brain. Soon it would be adios to the old Winston and hello to the new one. Kind of unfortunate, in a way, since they were just getting reacquainted.
A smile flickered across Iridiums muzzle.
I wonder if there are any female mech wolves?
He blinked out of consciousness.
***
Winston and Star exited the building and began moving across the parking area toward the sidewalk. The truck which had transported them here stood idle and silent like some big, snoozing creature from the human prehistory. The air was calm, though still hazy and expectant, as if preparing itself for the next dust storm.
Where are we going? Winston asked.
To Dr. Ches workshop, of course, Star said. Everything is all arranged for your conversion.
Thats what I thought, Winston said, his voice flat, emotionless.
His pace slowed until he was barely moving, despite Stars firm grip on his arm. His motions were stiff and jittery, like some comic figure in a cartoon.
Are you nervous? Star said.
Yeah, a little, Winston said, a lot, actually. Cant this wait for some other time?
Star halted and looked directly into Winstons eyes.
What other time? she said.
I mean, its been a very long day, with Iridium and all, Winston said. Besides  
Youre terrified, right? Star said.
Well ... yes, Winston said.
This is our only chance, Winston, Star said. Dr. Che took a lot of convincing  he will never be available again. Trust me on that.
She took Winstons arm and resumed walking, almost dragging him along.
Poor Winston, this is all so much for you, she said.
Y-yeah ...
Winston could hardly sense the concrete under his feet any longer. He felt on the verge of a panic attack worse than anything hed experienced since the death of his human family. He began to tremble.
Tell you what, Star said. Try the conversion for one week. Then, if you really hate it, Dr. Rackenfauz can switch you back.
Winston calmed a bit, his trembling receded.
Well, okay ... I could do that ... I guess, he replied.
They walked in silence across the deserted grounds until they reached Dr. Ches building. Star halted their progress by the main door and took Winstons hands.
I want you to know that it didnt mean anything to me, she said.
What?
Sometimes a girl has to do whats necessary, Star said. Even if it really isnt right ... even if it was a lot of fun.
Winston looked baffled.
Maybe youll understand later, Star said.
She opened the door.
After you, my hero.
Winston lurched himself into the lobby. They proceeded down a long hallway past many closed doors, their steps echoing off the walls. Winston was reminded of the passageways of the Space Invaders jail. What terrors lurked behind those doors?
My, this building is in excellent condition, he observed, witlessly. The vandals must have bypassed it.
Uh huh.
At last, they found Dr. Ches workshop. He was sitting at his desk examining some papers. The Nordic Avenger epidermis hung from a wheeled conveyance nearby. His back was to the open door, so he didnt see them enter.
Excuse me, Dr. Che, Star said.
Che jerked around in his chair, startled. His face and hands were covered with scratches  bruises and bite marks adorned his neck. He stood and moved to the other side the desk so as to place it between himself and the robots.
A bit early, arent you? he said.
Star experienced a pang of regret. She felt rather sorry for Dr. Che  his obvious feelings for her which she had trampled under foot, the way shed so blatantly used him last night. 
And, damn it, she was still so turned on by him! 
Would there be future repercussions? How could they be avoided, or a least tempered? Maybe there was fun at the end of this road, but heartache, as well. Shed caused it all, shed ... 
Think about it later, girl. Important business needs to be handled now.
Yes, we finished with Dr. Rackenfauz sooner than we expected, Star said.
What happened to you, Dr. Che? Winston asked.
Star elbowed him hard. Winston shut up.
Were all set to begin, doctor, she said.
Keeping a wary eye on Star, Che moved to an empty workbench and motioned for Winston to lie down. Winston hesitated, then he noticed the epidermis and walked over to examine it.
Im not sure this is really my style, he said. Maybe  
Let me be the judge of that, Star said. Now come on, times wasting.
She led Winston to the workbench and gently helped him lie down on his back.
Everything is going to be just fine, she said.
She reached behind his head and flicked his deactivation switch. Winston went instantly limp.
Good luck, she said.
She almost added the words my only love, but restrained herself. She could already feel the angry, smoldering eyes of Dr. Che boring into her, and she did not want to make the situation any more tense than it already was.
Star reached into her purse and withdrew the leather bag containing the male genitalia Dr. Rackenfauz had fashioned. Shed carried this precious cargo all the way from Pickle Lake Castle to Mech City and back again. Now it was here, at its final destination. Soon, she would be intimately familiar with it  if everything went well, if Dr. Che succeeded with the conversion, if he chose not to sabotage things ...
She offered the leather bag to Che. He snatched it quickly.
Do you want me to stay and help? She asked.
No! Dr. Che practically shouted.
I just thought  
Keep away from me, Che said. 
He pointed emphatically to the doorway. 
All right ... thank you, doctor, Star said.
After a last glance at Winston, Star reluctantly moved toward the door. Then she turned back to face Che.
You can have me again, after this is over, she said. If you want to, that is ... I mean ... if everything goes well ...  
Tears sprang into her eyes. 
Please fix him up right! she practically wailed. Ill do anything you want.
Outside! Che commanded.
Star retreated through the door. Che immediately closed and locked it behind her. Out in the hall, Star heard a chair being dragged to the door and braced under the knob.
She kissed her fingers and pressed them against the metal door.
***
The next hours dragged by in an agony of suspense.
Star paced back and forth in the hall, stopping occasionally to eavesdrop at the door. But then dippy easy listening music started coming through, foiling her attempt. 
She returned to Dr. Rackenfauzs lab to inform him of what was going on. Rackenfauz merely shook his head.
That sounds just like Jerry, he commented.
She didnt have to explain much. The eccentric old robotics technician seemed to understand everything and accepted it with weary indifference. Besides, he was busy packing for his trip to Mech City. He planned to leave the next day with Iridium, and did she want to go?
Yes, of course, Star said. I ... well go with you.
But would that be possible? What if Jerry failed with the conversion  what if he turned Winston into a zombie, or another Clawfurt monster? He certainly could. Jerry Che was a loose cannon. Hadnt Dr. Rackenfauz used those very words to describe him? 
Hadnt the Che Syndrome been named for him in recognition of his potential instability? This inner rage must have been behind the breakup with the original Estrella. And hadnt Star, herself, witnessed the brutality with which hed abused the captured vandal? 
The sadistic glee with which hed manhandled the boy was terrifying. And firing bullets past the kids ear!
On the walk back, Star echoed Dr. Ches anguished sentiment. Im such a fool!
Shed give anything to see Winston again  as he was, unsexed but whole. She wanted to hear his voice, experience his vast intellect, see him in action. Even the terrible days when he was Mech Citys mayor softened in her mind into a kind of non-stop celebration. 
Why did she drag him here on this insane venture? Only disaster could result, and every bit of it was her fault! Hed battled the Visionists for her, and the scrappers, and that lunatic chief acolyte. Hed rescued her from Fascista Ultimo. Hed placed himself between her and danger many times. 
And for what  so that he could be turned into some zombie monster?
Daylight had faded from the high window by the time Star returned to her vigil outside Dr. Ches workshop. She dragged a small sofa in from the lobby and positioned it across from the door. She turned on the lights, turned them off again. 
She compulsively primped her hair in her compact mirror, glancing frequently at the metal door. To her feverish mind, it seemed like the entrance of a tomb. The nonstop tension finally overstressed her emotion circuits. She flopped onto the couch and went inactive. 
The night closed in.


54. A New Day Dawns
Come morning, the blockade chair on the far side of the door scraped away from its position. The dead bolt mechanism clicked. The sounds were low decibel, but loud enough to wrench Star out of inactive mode. 
She flung herself bolt upright on the couch and stared at the door as if her optics could somehow pierce through the metal barrier.
Oh, please let everything be all right!
The door creaked open. A dazed and confused figure shuffled into the hall. The door closed behind him and locked. As if pulled up by an unseen hand, Star rose to her feet, gaping in wonderment.
The figure standing before her was was fully encased in the Nordic Avenger epidermis. His short blonde hair bristled in the subdued light. His eyes were distant. He wore a yellow jump suit with red stripes running along the limbs, very form-fitting, with a prominent bulge at the crotch area. 
He was taller now with his enhanced feet and new boots. His whole body was larger and more imposing. Star experienced a mixture of awe, fear, and overwhelming lust.
Hello ... Winston, she said.
The figure tuned its blank gaze toward her. Star took its arm gingerly, as if she were touching a live electrical cable.
Its me  your very own Star Power, she said.
Winston frowned, uncomprehending, and stared into her worried face. 
My God, Star thought desperately, something went wrong!
Until this moment, shed never given a thought to whatever god might be in charge of the worlds realities, but now she appealed to him fervently for help. She glanced at the workshop door. It stared back at her, cold and indifferent, like a metal tombstone. 
Had Jerry Ches efforts failed? Had he intentionally avenged himself on her by turning Winston into a drone? A frightful minute dragged past. 
Then, with agonizing slowness, recognition began to move across Winstons face like a rising sun. A joyous smile graced his lips. 
Of course, he said. How are you, Star?
Oh, Winston!
She kissed his new lips. They were warm and and sensuous against hers. After a delicious moment, she pulled away again.
Youre going to find out how I am, she said, real soon.
Uh ... yes, Winston said. Id like that.
Lets go, my love, Star said.
She gripped Winstons arm firmly and led him off down the corridor. They did not even notice the workshop door opening behind them. Jerry Che peered out to observe their departure.
Thank God thats over, he muttered through clenched teeth.
A bitter taste polluted his mouth. The scientific objectivity hed forced himself to observe during the procedure gave way to a jealous fury surging in his heart. He wanted to charge down the hall and bludgeon the two robots with a sledge hammer. 
But even now, he knew that he could never harm Estrella. As long as she was around, he would do her bidding. He shut the door again and locked it, cutting himself from the sight of the Winston abomination and its paramour. 
***
Outside, the world seemed fresh and exciting as the robotic couple walked languidly, arm in arm, toward Dr. Rackenfauzs laboratory building. Winston looked about with an expression of wonderment on his remade face. His blond hair and Nordic complexion fairly gleamed in the morning light  so different from the medium blue tones that Star was accustomed to seeing.
Everything looks so new! Winston exclaimed.
He stopped their progress by a tall picker weed. He fondled the leaves, stroked the tough stalk.
Even this plant is beautiful, he said.
Star squeezed an arm around his waist.
Youre beautiful, my love, she said.
Winston smiled, then looked up into the drab, smoggy sky.
Ive never seen such a glorious sky, he said. Do you think there really is a heaven up there, Star?
I dont know, Star said. Lets make our own down here.
They continued on.
***
In the parking area in front of his building, Dr. Rackenfauz stood by the truck examining a compact submachine gun. The assault rifle hed obtained from Colonel Reyes leaned against the vehicle like some deadly cleaning implement in a broom closet.
I wish theyd get here already, he said. When Im ready to go, I want to get moving.
He looked up into the sky with disapproval.
Theres probably another dust storm coming, too, he said. I hate those damn things.
Are there dust storms in Mech City? Iridium asked.
No, it rains too much there, Rackenfauz said. At least it used to. Who the hell knows what its like now?
He looked impatiently at his watch.
Do you want me to go check on them, Papa? Iridium said.
Naw, best leave the two love birds alone.
Rackenfauz tucked the SMG into a holster under his lab coat and turned his attention to the assault rifle.
Ive got a feeling were going to need more firepower, he said. Isnt it great when humans start showing up again?
You take care of them, Papa, and Ill keep us safe from any psycho robots, Iridium said.
Deal! Rackenfauz said.
He laid the assault rifle on the trucks seat and checked the rear gun rack with its hulking combat shotgun. His lab coat pockets bulged with hand grenades; a box of grenades resided in the storage area behind the seat.
That should take care of the arsenal, Rackenfauz said. I wish I could find some body armor.
He exited the cabin and stroked Iridiums head.
The first thing well do when we get to Mech City is make you a proper coat, he said. I cant stand that drab gray.
Thanks, Papa, Iridium said. It is kind of depressing.
Winston and Star approached the back of the truck.
Well, our passengers have finally arrived, Rackenfauz said. Lets check them out.
Sure, Papa, Iridium said.
He followed Dr. Rackenfauz to meet Star and the new, improved Winston at the back of the truck. 
Good morning, uh ... Dr. Rackenfauz, Winston said.
Very impressive results, young fellow! Rackenfauz exclaimed, breaking into a wide grin.
You look great, pal, Iri said.
Thank you ... Iridium, right? Winston said.
Youve got it, Iri said.
Rackenfauz stroked Winstons facial epidermis, looked into his eyes, checked his hands. Then he glanced approvingly at the crotch bulge.
I see Dr. Che made good use of my creation, he said. Jerrys as good as they get, all right, a true genius!
He pulled a walkie talkie out of his lab coat pocket, spilling out a hand grenade. Iridium caught the tiny bomb in his teeth before it could hit the pavement.
Good work, Iridium, Dr. Rackenfauz said.
He flicked on the walkie talkie.
You there, Jerry? he said.
Dr. Ches voice crackled an acknowledgement. 
Were ready to leave, Rackenfauz said over the device. Are you coming?
Dr. Ches voice shouted back over the airwaves: No! And take that Estrella creature with you.
Rackenfauz jerked the radio away from his ear, then brought it back.
Got it, Jerry, he said. 
Please tell him thank you, for everything, Star said.
Rackenfauz looked doubtfully at her, then spoke into the radio.
Uh ... Jerry?
What? Che said.
Estrella says: thanks for everything.
The connection abruptly blanked out.
OK, keep in touch, Rackenfauz said.
He pocketed the radio. Star tried to speak. 
Oh, I feel so bad about  
Rackenfauz help up a hand. The less I know, the better, young lady. He turned to Iridium. Well, lets get a move on!
Okay, Iridium said. 
Rackenfauz and the great canine returned to the cab and got in. Star rolled open the van door. Their backpacks and various neatly arranged boxes occupied the interior. A large mattress filled the center area.
Its a long ride to Mech City, Winston, she said.
She jumped inside the van and reached back down for Winston. And youll learn a lot by the time we get there.
But, we never got to see the ocean, Winston said.  
Ocean, sm-ocean, Star said. Weve got more important things to do.
She grabbed Winstons hand and pulled him aboard. Then she rolled the door shut with an authoritative bang.
***
In the cab ahead of them, Dr. Rackenfauz settled himself into the drivers seat. 
Ready for a little trip, Iridium?
Right-o, Papa.
Rackenfauz started the engine and pulled out of the parking space. 
Ah, back on the road again, he said. Good riddance, west coast.
Soon he was driving through the RDC gate with Iridium sitting in the passenger seat beside looking intently out the windshield. 
I cant wait to see whats out there, Iridium said.
Behind them, the van started rocking vigorously, loud, lustful utterances protruded into the cab.
Well, whatever it is, Rackenfauz said, this promises to be one helluva drive! 
He flicked on music from the entertainment console to obscure the racket.
They moved down the street into the unfolding world.


55. Detour
Hours passed along the road leading to Mech City. The view outside the cab transitioned from cityscape to barren desert. At last, the frenzied utterances coming from the van ceased, and Dr. Rackenfauz turned down the music blaring from the sound system.  
I was getting real tired of that racket, he said.
Right, Iridium agreed, that concerto did go on a bit too long.
***
Back in the van, Star was still not completely satisfied, but Winston was worn out. He rolled away from her and transitioned blissfully into inactive mode. 
That was very good, for the first time, she said, stroking Winstons bristly hair. You just rest a while now.
She stretched herself out luxuriously on the mattress. All seemed right with the world. Memories of the violent sexual encounter with Jerry faded away, displaced by the contented glow of true love.
If only every female could feel the way I do now.
Then she remembered.
Oh, my! she sat up. I hope we didnt pass the turnoff already.
She moved to the back of the van and pushed the intercom button.
Dr. Rackenfauz?
Yes, young lady, what is it? Rackenfauzs voice crackled back.
Can we made a stop? Theres something very interesting that I think youll want to investigate.
***
Dr. Rackenfauz parked the truck by the archway with its Historic Hot Springs sign. He, Star, and Iridium piled out of the cab.
Ah ... good time for a break, Rackenfauz said, stretching out his scrawny limbs. I sure as hell wasnt born to be no truck driver!
He headed toward the entrance.
You stay out here and guard the truck, Iridium, he said.
Sure thing, Papa.
Star leaned down to the great canine and spoke in a low voice.
Keep an eye on us inside, too, she said. If you hear any kind of strange music, or you see me acting weird, start howling right away.
Iridium looked somewhat baffled. Alright.
Really, Star said. Make all the racket you can  look fierce. And if I wont come out on my own, drag me out.
You got it, Star, Iridium said. Ill raise the roof for you if need be.
Well, young lady, lets proceed, Dr. Rackenfauz said.
Certainly, Star said.
She followed Rackenfauz inside, glancing back at Iridium who had posted himself under the archway with an equal view of the truck and of the hot spring pond. She gave him a little wave.
I hope Im not making a big mistake here, she thought.
They halted by the bathing platform.
This is quite a place, Dr. Rackenfauz said. I should take a soak, be good for my arthritis.
I dont think thats a good idea, just yet, Star said. Lets see if I can summon them first.
She lay prone on the rocky shore and splashed her arms vigorously in the water.
Im back! she called.
She stuck her face beneath the surface and hummed a long high note. She splashed some more.
Maybe our aquatic friends are not at home, Dr. Rackenfauz said.
Star looked up. Oh, they have to be here. Unless ...
A frightening thought barged into her mind. What if the Squish Girls had committed suicide? Their hearts had been broken when Star took Winston away, maybe they just couldnt keep going. Maybe they dragged themselves up one of the derelict amusement park rides and then jumped.
She remembered Winston talking about an ancient Greek play, Antigone. The king had walled up a young maiden in a tomb, then he changed his mind and decided to let her out. But by the time he got there, Antigone had killed herself.
She thought of Jerry Che back at the RDC, bitter and angry at the way shed used him. She thought of the old Iridium blasted to pieces  hed still be safe in Mech City if she hadnt brought him on the expedition. Of course, hed chosen to come, but ... It was all so confusing!
Oh, cant I do anything besides harm others?
Three mermaids broke the surface by the bathing platform, and Stars world brightened again.
Well, look at that! Dr. Rackenfauz exclaimed.
Star got warily to her feet. The Squish Girls beamed with joy at the sight of her. They scrambled onto the bathing platform and held out their arms. They began their siren song.
Star thrust out a warning hand. Stop that! 
The mermaids big, sensuous optics registered surprise. They halted their song. Star pointed toward the entrance where Iridium stood growling.
Keep quiet, or youll have to deal with him, she said.
The mermaids clung together fearfully and nodded understanding. They looked toward Dr. Rackenfauz.
Arent they something! Rackenfauz said. I think I see the work of Jerry Che here.
He moved toward the platform.
Hello, girls.
The mermaids smiled and tittered.
I need to see your merman, Dr. Rackenfauz said. Bring him up here.
They looked back at him, uncomprehending. Dr. Rackenfauz pointed to the water and mimed pulling something to the surface.
Comprehension dawned on the Squish Girls. They tittered joyfully, then dove into the water.
This should be interesting, to say the least, Rackenfauz said.
A few minutes later, the merman was lying on the shore. He was about the size of an average human male and exceedingly handsome with dark hair and fine, chiseled features. His arms and chest were robust, and male genitalia could be seen tucked neatly within his fishtail lower quarters. The mermaids hovered in the water, wide-eyed and hopeful.
Rackenfauz rolled the merman over so as to access the back panel.
Ah, just as I thought, he said. This is Jerrys design.
He indicated a small metal placard bearing the robots serial number and activation date. Beneath this info, Dr. Ches signature was etched in, along with his personal motto: 
Make the world Che
That sound just like him, Rackenfauz observed.
After swabbing the merman dry with a towel, Rackenfauz opened the back panel and examined the interior workings.
Its not hard to figure out what happened, Rackenfauz said. Hes taken a bullet, right in the main power core. Id imagine the bastards who wrecked the amusement park also took a shot at him.
Ohhh, can he be fixed? Star said.
Well, I dont see any serious peripheral damage off hand, Dr. Rackenfauz said. Id have to do a complete analysis in the workshop to know for sure.
He opened the cranium access panel.
Ah, heres some good news! The brain unit appears to have full integrity.
Thats wonderful! Star said.
Dr. Rackenfauz closed the access panel and rolled the merman onto his back again.
The brain unit is the most important component. Rackenfauz gestured toward the mermans male apparatus. That, and the other thing, of course.
We can take him with us, then? Star said.
Absolutely, Rackenfauz said. I wouldnt miss a chance to poke around in one of Jerrys creations. That guy is a true genius.
He stood up amid cracking noises in his knees. Oh, my arthritis!
What about the mermaids? Star said. Can we take them, too?
The Squish Girls had pulled themselves out of the water and were stroking their pearly white hands along Dr. Rackenfauzs lab coat, crooning seductively. He seemed oblivious to their charms.
Sure, Rackenfauz said, I dont know where they could live, though.
Theyre turning the bomb crater into an artificial lake, Star said. Therell be lots of room, for all of them.
Sounds like a plan, Rackenfauz said. Now, if youll excuse me, its time for my dip.
He rapidly stripped down, revealing his pale, scrawny body to Stars astonished gaze.
Uh ... Ill just wait outside, she said.
No, stay here. Rackenfauz pointed to the grenades and the submachine gun resting atop his pile of clothes. Keep any eye on the arsenal for me.
All right, Professor.
Rackenfauz dashed across the shore and leaped out over the water. 
Yee Haaa!
He hit with a resounding splash. The mermaids scrambled in after him.
He certainly is one of a kind, Star said.
***
Two hours later, Star was back in the van moving along the road to Mech City. She looked over at the Squish Girls lying against the wall with their merman, all of them secured in place like cord wood. Even though deactivated, the mermaids were incredibly attractive  and the merman was to die for. 
Youre going to like your new home, she said. Just keep in mind  Winston is a no no!
Star covered them over with blankets. Best to keep temptation away from herself, and from Winston, too.
She resumed her place on the mattress alongside Winston, who slumbered on in the depths of inactive mode. She snuggled up close.
Okay, sweet heart, she said, its time to start living happily ever after.


THE END


Epilog
Sister Reedy stood on the banks of the pond, staring out over its murky water. It was only a little pool, but it summoned up memories of cursed Pickle Lake, nestled in the mountains of their former refuge. The events of that horrible day ran through her mind again, as they had every hour for months.
In her tormented recollections, she saw again the face of her precious son, Roddy Jr., as he sat, cross-legged, upon the shore of Pickle Lake. She saw again, with aching heart, the trust in the eyes of the 11-year-old boy as he reached for the cup she presented to him. She saw her own hands in front of her, passing him the fatal libation. 
Within this world of the ugly present, she raised her hands over the ponds fetid water in useless supplication. If only she had drunk from that cup herself, and he had taken hers!
Without hesitation, Roddy Jr. swallowed his portion of the Nectar of Truth. He looked up at his mother then with a confident little smile playing about his lips  the rich, full lips so much like those of his sacred father. But his expression soon changed from confidence, to doubt, and then to extreme terror as he crumpled up in agony.
No! No! No! 
She added her screams to those of the many others dying on the shores of Pickle Lake. She rushed back toward the Messiah and seized the cup of Nectar that he indicated for her. She slugged it down, praying fervently that this, too, would be fatal ... but it wasnt. It had condemned her to continued existence in a world of unending pain. 
Sister Reedy knew, deep in her heart, that her unworthiness was responsible for the death of her son. But she would not prove unworthy again! 
She left the pond and clambered back up the incline to the road. She proceeded along the pavement with caution, assault rifle slung over her shoulder, prepared for instant use. This was new and frightening country, an area she had never seen before. 
Why had Chief Acolyte sent her this direction? 
Southward would have been better, to a region with which she was familiar. The desert there was natural, not like the barren horror of this once verdant landscape with its dead forests and eroded fields. She paused to drink from her water bottle. 
Best not to question Chief Acolytes directive. He was obviously under the influence of divine inspiration when he gave it. Who was she to dispute the will of the Heavenly Father? If He intended her to find the demon spawn, then she would give it a maximum effort. She had to prove herself worthy.
Mine is not reason why ...
The sound of an approaching vehicle interrupted her reflections. Sister Reedy crept half way down the road bank and concealed herself behind some thorny weeds. Time passed. Then she spied a truck coming from the west, moving at moderate speed. 
What could it mean?
She ducked further behind her cover as the truck whooshed by. Only after it was safely past did she raise her head and study the receding vehicle through her monocular.
I dont believe it!
There, poking its head out of the trucks side window, was the wolf creature shed seen at Pickle Lake Castle! The other demon spawn must also be inside that unholy vehicle, that rolling temple of outrage. 
Of course ... Mech City. Where else would such abominations be heading? Sister Reedy grinned. The effect on her ravaged face was horrifying.
Thank you, Heavenly Father, for showing me this sign! she exalted.
She scrambled up the bank and began walking with lethal purpose toward Mech City.


Reading Group Guide

A Brief Conversation with the Characters
Star: Youre back! The last I knew you were stuck in Return to Mech City.
Brian: Somebody finally turned off my computer and I was able to escape.
Iridium: Whos this guy, Star?
Star: This is Brian, the human who claims to have written us into existence.
Iridium: Is that so? Why wasnt he included in my memory dump?
Star: I dont know, Iri. I guess we didnt think he was important enough.
Brian: Yes .... well, its nice to see you again, too. Is Winston available?
Rackenfauz: Im afraid not, my friend. Hell remain inactive for at least another day. Hes got a tremendous amount of new data to amalgamate.
Brian: Thats too bad. I was hoping hed be up an around by now.
Rackenfauz: Are you kidding? After that workout she gave him back in the van, I wouldnt be surprised if he never wakes up.
Star: Oh, Professor, youre such a cutie!
Rackenfauz: Well, please excuse me, I have to check a few things under the hood. Its still a long drive to Mech City, you know.
Brian: OK.
Rackenfauz: Come on, Iridium, give me hand  or paw, rather.
Iridium: Sure Papa. See you later, pal.
Brian: Yeah, bye.
Star: Speaking of cuties, youre not so bad yourself, Brian.
Brian: Uh ... thanks.
Star: Would you like a little tumble in the van?
Brian: What!
Star: You heard. How about it?
Brian: I-Im flattered, Star, but youre really not my type.
Star: So, what is your type?
Brian: You know ... flesh, skin, breathing ... that sort of thing.
Star: Overrated. Besides I simulate all that better than the original.
Brian: What about Winston?
Star: Hes my one true love. But variety is the spice of life, isnt it?
Brian: This has to stop ... Dr. Rackenfauz!
Rackenfauz: Good luck, my friend! I think youre gonna need it.
Star: Get over here!
Brian: Ahhhh!


Questions and Topics for Discussion
1) As artificial intelligence becomes increasingly sophisticated, is there a danger that it will evolve independently of human control?

2) What future do you envision for the robot / human relationship? Will it be one of cooperation, rivalry, or some combination of the two?

3) What functions of your life would you want a robotic assistant to handle for you? Shopping, driving, something else a bit more risqu? (be honest now!)

4) Is robotics the next revolutionary development  something at least as influential as the internet has proved to be?

5) What role, if any, should government play in regulating the robotics industry?


Connect with the Author
Thanks for reading. I hope you enjoyed the story. To download other of my books, please visit my website at:  The B2


