




PAPHOS
PAPHOS 1

Part 1 of 5

By N.R. Burnette
Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2013 N.R. Burnette
www.nrburnette.com
nrburnette@nrburnette.com



Cover art by Marina Shipova


Other Books from N.R. Burnette:


Cargo Lock 5


Kenji


Contact:


nrburnette@nrburnette.com





Special thanks to Gwen Hayes and Matthew Mather for guidance, and to Mike Murphy for the opinion of a complete stranger.  I also thank my ancestors, for I wouldnt be here without them.



I dedicate this book to artists, for the sacrifices we make



To Xandra, always

Orion
RA6h6m30.47s 
D7 2353.38


PAPHOS


A series by

N.R. Burnette

www.nrburnette.com

Chapter 1
Austin was gnawing on his lower lip, there was something about planet entry that always set his nerves ablaze.  From the look of things, his eleven year old daughter was nervous too.  Or she was mad.  He couldnt really tell, and she wouldnt tell him.  She didnt have anything to be mad about, so she must be nervous, like he was.  Well, he could at least not look nervous in front of her.  Dont be nervous, he told her.  Austin really wanted to think of something more reassuring than that, but somehow, that was all he could come up with.
His eleven year old daughter, Carolina, glared at the bulkhead next to him.
Its not so bad, landing is really easy, almost fun, he said, trying to sound convincing.  Still she glared.  Maybe he was wrong, maybe she really was upset about something.  He hated guessing these things.  Her mom never had to guess, she just knew the answer, always.  Without a better option, he decided to get her water and if nothing else, keep her from being thirsty.  Austin filled a cup of water from the spout and brought it to her, sloshing the tiniest bit.  They both needed a break, and that wouldnt happen until after this planet entry, until after finally touching down on Paphos.  This was cabin fever, thats all.
You should drink this, might be awhile, in case you get thirsty, Austin said.  Carolina ignored him.  Austin exhaled, a long and slow deliberate move that kept him from getting upset.  Her mother would know what to say.  Dont princesses like water?
Ugh, Carolina rolled her eyes.  Frustration swelled.  Didnt she like princesses?  She used to, he knew that much.  Austin rubbed his head, this would only be for a few months, he could handle it.  He had to handle it.  At the end of the calendar summer, he and his research team would pack and head home, and her mother would be well enough to take her back.  And as soon as he thought it, he regretted it.  He wanted this time with her, he wasnt as involved as he should be, and this was his chance to make up for it.  He swallowed the water and stowed the cup.
Everyone finish strapping in, the first part is choppy, lots of stratospheric wind, their pilot and team leader Dmitry said over the intercom.  The cruiser they were in was much smaller than the deep space Orbiter that brought them here, which would circle above them until they returned.  Carolina did look nervous.  Personally, he hated re-entry too.  
We better get buckled, he said fussing with her belts and latches.  He carefully slipped the helmet on over her head and secured it, being certain not to pinch her neck or yank her long chocolate hair.  As soon as he was done with her he strapped himself in and felt the first wave of nervousness.
Im thirsty, Carolina said.
Austin gripped his armrests.  Its a little too late for that now honey, Austin said.
But I wasnt thirsty until right now, she pleaded.
Wait until we land.
Please?
I said no!
The cabin grew very quiet, and when he stole a look from the corner of his eye she looked hurt, even through the helmet.  With a grunt he unlatched himself.  Artificial gravity hadnt kicked off yet, he could do this.  He filled another cup of water.
Fumbling with her helmet he ignored the countdown, but he felt it in the back of his mind as he wrestled with her visor.  He thrust the water at her and just as she was about to drink she made a sour face.
Theres a floaty.  
Drink it anyways. 
Im not thirsty, she said as she crossed her arms.
Austin slapped her visor shut and plopped to his seat, latching the buckles and yanking on the belts.  He thought about the six members of this research team, wondering which one would like to babysit for the next three months as he finished buckling.  He was just in time, the first rockets engaged, reducing speed and carefully turning the ship end over end for a reverse entry, assisted by a sporadic dazzle of popping thrusters.  Austins stomach turned.  Upside down and around, and then he felt natural gravity for the first time in months.  He prayed he didnt vomit.  Damn it he left the cup of water on the counter.  Its contents fell upwards and the cup rolled into the air.  He held his stomach.
Breathing out was the trick as the cruiser started to shake.  Every time his hands jumped he exhaled long and slow, tightening his abdomen.  Somehow that made turbulence feel better.  Carolina was white.  The vessel shook fiercely until finally passing through the atmosphere.  When the air thinned out the shaking finally stopped, they flew pleasantly after that.  Austin knew where they would set down, he helped pick it out from satellite photos.  Despite his frustration earlier he felt excitement swimming.  A new, lush, uninhabited planet, and he had looked forward to it all year long.
He looked out the porthole and saw the blue and purple horizon, and he could see the line where Paphos rings were.  The lower half of the horizon was quickly coming into view with blankets of forestry, riverbeds that snaked, and the harsh orange and green minerals along those riverbeds.  Paphos was smaller than Earth, but it was similar in other ways.  Paphos was part of a single star system, and it had neighboring planets as well, all of them lifeless.  The planet was mostly tropical, and the air was a breathable cocktail of oxygen and nitrogen.  Of course they all carried personal air devices just in case.  Paphos wasnt the first of its kind, but it was still something to behold as the team took in their first view.  He hoped Carolina shared at least some of the excitement, this was a moment he had been looking forward to with her.  
After the initial atmospheric gusts, the turbulence all but disappeared.  Once they were cloud level, they coasted down effortlessly.  Austin really noticed the gravity now, and it felt funny.   He kept lifting his hand and dropping it.  He couldnt say how it felt any different from artificial gravity, he just thought it did.  He had argued with Helena over it, seemed the popular vote could not distinguish between fauxgrav and the real thing.  He looked out the porthole again to take in the view as details became more visible.  Clouds wisped past his lookout, raising his excitement.  Down below he saw forests and rivers, swirls of orange, purple, and green.  Austin finally spotted the quadrohuts in one of the clearings, details of the ground below became so clear he could see the blades of grass.  Everyone onboard shared the excitement as they were about to land on a new, untouched planet.    
The vessel lowered and touched ground easily to the hiss of hydraulics and boosters, finally coming to rest on a clear plot of field near the quadrohuts.  Carolina was rocking back and forth, waiting for the hatch to open.  
Its going to be a few minutes kiddo, Austin said when Carolina suddenly ripped off her helmet and unlatched herself.  Carolina leapt out of her seat and ran to the door, yanking at the emergency release lever.  
Carolina! Austin yelled.  He unlatched himself as quickly as he could.  He knew what the crew must be thinking, yet another example of why family, friends, and kids shouldnt come on expeditions.  
Let me out! Carolina cried.  The door jerked open and slid into a ramp.  Pollen thick air filled the cabin of the cruiser, rich and swollen, thicker than any fresh cut lawn.
Wait! Austin yelled.  But before he knew it Carolina bounded down the ramp.  Austin chased after her, shielding his eyes from the intense light.  He almost fell down the ramp, barely able to see, wondering if he needed his air device.  The air should be breathable, but this was a hell of a way to find out for sure.  
Carolina! 
What happened?! he heard Dmitry shout.  The other crew members sat in frustration, not that Austin could see them.  But he felt their thoughts.  Austin rushed after Carolina while Dmitry threw his hands in the air.  So much for protocol.  For such a young girl, Carolina was fast.  
Austin sprinted, his lungs burned from the sudden intake of fresh, rich air.  Natural gravity made his legs feel like clay as they cut through thick reeds of grass.  Carolina stopped running and doubled over, hands on her knees, struggling to catch her breath.  Lightheaded he placed a hand on Carolinas shoulder, but it was several panting moments before he could speak.  Are you okay? was all he finally said.  She looked up at him.  He had been upset, having to chase her like that, and he was ready to yell until he saw how fragile she looked eye to eye, far from home, with someone she barely knew.  She took a few more deep breaths, each one slower than the last, and she managed to calm herself.  She was at her toughest when he least expected it.  Finally she stood upright.  Im okay, she said.
The rest of the crew were slowly disembarking, Austin wondered how long before Dmitry yelled at him about this.  He looked down at Carolina.  Seems youve inspired them, he joked.
Im sorry, I just Carolina began before fumbling for words.  She didnt need to finish, Austin knew what she wanted to say.  The two of them werent very good at this sort of thing, dad and daughter stuff, so he changed the subject.
Do you smell that?  Rich, fresh, completely natural pollen, Austin said with a hearty inhale.  He loved it.  Earths air was so polluted by comparison.  Yet this was alive, wild, natural.  It instantly washed away the pressures of captivity he had endured to get here.  Already things felt better, Carolina could have her space and he could have his.  Hopefully they could still bond this summer, but if nothing else they could at least survive it and say they tried.  After that Carolina would go back to her mother.  Austin prayed her health returned.  Modern medicine being what it was, her recovery looked promising.
Come on, we may as well check out our headquarters, Austin said.  Ironically, the first thing they all wanted to do was get inside.  Austin looked at Carolina.  No running off again, deal? Austin said looking into her brown eyes.  
Carolina nodded.  Dad, it feels funny here.
Austin gave a tiny smile.  Thats normal its not Earth, and its not the fauxgrav weve endured for six weeks.  But our bodies will feel normal in a day or two.  Its like jet lag, he smiled.  Carolina nodded.
Dmitry and the rest of the crew, who were Dublin, Orlean, Helena, and Athen, mustered outside the door of the quadrohuts, waiting for Dmitry to disable the automated security door.  Drop stations like this were standardized and actually made nice dwellings.  All manned expeditions used them, and they were auto assembled by the drones that landed with them.  The drones were still there, keeping the grounds clean and performing basic maintenance.  Athen and Dublin, who Austin worked with last summer, were the teams engineers and handled most of the equipment.  Analysis and documentation were handled by Orlean and Helena, the boring but necessary side of this job.  Every crew needed a specialized programming technician, Austin was the lucky one for that.  And then Dmitry was the one in charge, the company representative, and he was also their medic and pilot.  They were a seven person crew, counting his daughter.
Any family member was allowed to come on company assignment as long as the expense was covered by their sponsor.  It was a seldom used policy.  Considering the time an expedition took it wasnt practical to bring family, but it made great face for the company to offer it nonetheless.  Most crew members never took advantage of it, because deep down it was viewed to be in poor taste, not to mention the cost involved.  But Austin wasnt as concerned with his career of late, and Carolinas mother helped with half the cost.  And while Austin was the second in command, he knew hed never have his own ship.  He didnt play the company game well enough, and more than that he didnt care.  When mom got sick, bringing Carolina made the most sense.
Carolina stayed by his side as they huddled outside the quadrohuts, taking in eager sights of their surroundings, waiting for Dmitry to open the doors.  The blades of grass were long and rigid, and a sparse forest surrounded them with gnarled, orange and purple branches.  Paphos was considered a green planet, with an amazing array of natural colors.  Dmitry seemed to be having a hard time with the security password.  
Were locked out Dmitry finally said.  Ive never had that happen before.  
Tis there a problem? Dublin asked.
Dmitry gave a frustrated grunt and tried the security code one more time.  Its the right code, I dont know why it wont open, Dmitry said.
So now what? Helena asked, a little fear had crept into her voice.  
Lets all fly back, Orlean said with a smirk.  
Bloody hell! Dublin cursed.
What? Dmitry jerked back.
Left my bag on the Orbiter.
Dublin Dmitry said shaking his head.  One thing at a time.
Thats twice now, Orlean whispered with a little smile. 
I guess Ill have to reset the codes from the Orbiter, it will take me a minute.  Were off to a great start so far, Dmitry said frustrated.  He removed a personal transmitter and began his interface with the Orbiter, entering override codes and finally resetting the door.  The team waited, passing a few nervous smiles.  This far from home, it didnt take much to make someone feel unsettled.  When the door finally opened everyone went inside and dropped off their gear with rehearsed precision, rehearsed by everyone except Carolina.  Dmitry planted himself at the quadrohuts internal computer and logged in for a diagnostic.  Aside from the security issue moments ago, everything appeared in order.  
And then a few days went by.  Despite her initial excitement Carolina quickly became bored.  Even several days after landing and settling in, Carolina was not yet allowed to go exploring.  It was mind boggling to be back on a planet but still in confinement, Carolina didnt understand these people at all.  She only had a few trinkets to pass the time, they didnt allow her to bring very much.  Her luggage was simplified to clothing, her digitab, her markerpen, and her photolens.  Mom wanted pictures.  It kept her sane while waiting to explore the world around them, which she still wasnt allowed to do yet.  She couldnt go beyond the perimeter, at least not until after they conducted every test they could think of.
Tests for what?  She couldnt get sick, or at least her dad said so.  She had so many shots and vaccines put in her that it was supposedly impossible.  There hadnt been an outbreak since the first planet expeditions began and inoculations were good now.  Genoscience it was called, grown up things always had names like that.  And she didnt have to worry about wild animals, her dad also said that.  Things like that didnt exist, just plants and microscopic stuff.  No one ever found anything more than that.  Nothing with a face, she was told.  Dad always went on and on about how these unexplored planets had amazing plants and bacteria.  Who cared about that? 
Austin cared, of course.  He had dreamed of such things ever since he was a boy.  As more planets were explored they continued to prove that Earth was an anomaly.  Each expedition discovered amazing, exotic, and wonderful forms of life, but intelligence was still the missing factor.  With solace he knew he would never make such a find, his was a life without destiny.
When the crew was finally and completely ready they began to explore beyond the initial perimeter.  A month went by where all Austin ever saw of his little Carolina was the back of her bouncing head as she traipsed off into the bush.  She ventured at her leisure.  It was the best way to keep from hating each other, and they all had their personal radios in case Austin needed her for something or if she got lost.  She refused to acknowledge him unless she needed something, and he stopped trying to keep an eye on her because she just tried harder to lose him.  How close was he supposed to watch her?  She was eleven after all, and her mother didnt leave him any instructions.  In dealing with Carolina on this trip he already realized he knew much less about her than he thought he did.  They used to have a lot of fun together when she was three and four.  
Carolina felt the same way, more or less.  She found her afternoon adventures to be the only thing that caused the day to turn, and she had many more days to turn until she could get home.  And while the planet was a lush garden with a breathtaking skyline, and while the night sky shimmered like a cavern of gems, she still preferred the place she called home.  Her digipad had long ago become completely boring, she could only play so many puzzle games and read so many digital books.  Without friend messaging she hardly had any use for the device.  She found herself drawing with the markerpen more than anything else, she mostly drew pictures of mom.  But she usually erased whatever she drew because it never looked right.  
And so out of boredom, if not desperation, one afternoon she traveled far beyond the secondary perimeter.  It wasnt the first time.  But it was the first time she saw something.  Deep into the hillside, behind a growth of brush and bramble, she found a long, obsidian, perfectly flat wall. 
Chapter 2
Carolina blinked.  There was a wall here, buried into the hillside.
This was interesting, she had discovered a new place or something.  But then Carolinas face grew puzzled.  She thought they said no one else had ever been here?  She was certain they said that.  Didnt they?  Wasnt that the point of coming here?  
Carolina blinked again, trying to remember what the grownups had talked about.  She was certain they said something like that.  She went to scratch her head, but her breath froze when she saw something move out of the corner of her eye.  Carolina whipped her head around, frightened by the suddenness of it.  But nothing was there, just trees and bushes, unless the forest had eyes.  Carolina took a moment and tried to relax.  She was just a kid, she knew there must be a logical reason for what she found.  Obviously someone had been here before, or the wall wouldnt be there.  She would just have to go ask her dad, assuming she wasnt going to be grounded for traveling this far.  
When her fear subsided she followed the long stretch of black steel to see where it went.  The hillside had mostly grown over it, giving it natural camouflage, and there wasnt a window or door.  She climbed around long gnarled tendrils of foliage, it reminded her of ancient ruins from Earth.  She didnt understand why they hadnt seen this before landing, she thought they had different satellites that could read building materials and stuff.  Now she knew she would have to ask her dad.  He always had the answers, he was the scientist.  
This felt like trespassing, and she still felt like someone was watching her.  She continued to walk along the ominous black wall another thirty meters, wondering when she would reach the end.  The more she walked the farther she felt from home.  Finally the wall disappeared completely into the dirt and it didnt resurface.  She stopped for a moment to notice her reflection in the wall, surprised at how messy her hair looked.  She was much farther beyond the second perimeter than she was supposed to be.  Carolina bit her lip disappointingly.  With a huff she realized it was time to tell her dad about it and walked back to the quadrohuts.
The walk back, a few kilometers it must have been, offered no greater relief from the feeling that she was being watched.  She stopped and turned her head at so many shadows, so many branches swaying in the wind, each of them a looming figure in her imagination.  If something else moved out of the corner of her eye she was likely to break out into a full run.  
Finally she approached the quadrohuts and waited for the door to open.  Upon entering she found the crew inside, all looking ill as they listened to Dmitry speak.  Muster, they called it.  Apparently Dmitry wasnt happy with their progress, they were running out of time to make good on key projects that the company had commissioned them for.  So many big words, being an adult didnt seem very fun.  Carolina didnt understand why they couldnt just stay until the job was done, not that she wanted any delays in their return home.  Daddy mentioned something about a schedule, something about a launch window, gravity, alignment he was never good at explaining simple questions with simple answers.  
Carolina paced, wanting to interrupt, but daddy noticed and glared, so she waited.  Dmitry was long winded tonight.  Carolina sat down and out of boredom began to draw little circles and shapes on the wall next to her.  Then, realizing what she was doing, she quickly put her markerpen away.  All she could think about was what she had found.  She wanted to go back but it was getting too late for today.  She could at least go back tomorrow with her photolense and take some pictures this time.  Dmitrys voice drawled on.  She was excited, knowing something that the others didnt know, she wondered what else she might find.  When muster was over Dublin and Athen sat at the tiny table they called the mess hall and ate, Austin and the others took their meals to their own rooms.  Carolina decided to follow him, she grabbed a packaged ham slice and a juice.  They ate in silence on the bottom bunk bed, she had a feeling even if she did say something he wouldnt hear her.  He had a far away gaze that didnt break for many moments.
Did you get enough to eat? he finally asked Carolina.
Yeah, she said.  He smiled.  Carolina forgot that she had been giving him the silent treatment for two days now, not that he had noticed.  
How was your day?  Did you take any pictures? he asked.
No, I forgot to bring my camera, Carolina said.
We get to leave soon, he said scooting closer to her.  He smelled like sterile lab equipment, and his eyes were sunken under large dark circles.  He had stayed up late.  She knew he had to redo a long experiment because he contaminated something.  She had almost changed her mind on giving him the silent treatment earlier out of pity, but through determination she stayed firm.
Yeah, I cant wait.  Guess what I found today, Carolina said.
An elephant? he asked.
No! she laughed.  
A pizza shop?  Im sick of space meals, he said.
Da-aad, she said.
Okay, what did you find?
I found a wall, at least I think, I dont really know what it was, she admitted, using her hands to try to explain what she saw.
Oooh, thats neat, he said stifling a yawn.  Austin rested his head against the wall and momentarily closed his eyes.  His lack of interest hurt a little. 
Yeah, she said, her excitement gone.  Perhaps it wasnt very important after all.  I thought you said no one was here before us, she said a little glum.
Yep, thats true, its just us, we are the first, Austin said.
Then who made the wall? she asked.
Austin blinked his eyes open.  Well, no one, its just a rock formation or something, he yawned.
Its not rock, dad, theres a wall just past the second perimeter, she said and suddenly bit her lip shut.
You went past the second perimeter? Austin asked, instantly awake. 
 and I found a wall!  She exclaimed.  Carolina had thought finding the wall would excuse her breaking the perimeter rule.
Austin stared quietly for a few moments, he was mad at her, but what little father skills he had told him something here was important to Carolina.  It cant be a wall, must be a natural formation, Ive seen some strange things on other planets, he said.
Im not stupid!  Cant I just show you tomorrow? she asked.
I cant go running around in the bush honey, Im way behind on my projects, he said, trying to garner some understanding from her. And I dont want you going past the second perimeter again.  Okay?
Fine! she shouted and threw herself into the pillow.  The silent treatment was back on!
Austin stared at the back of her head.  She was going to bury her face in that pillow until he said something, she was stubborn enough to go for days.  Im sorry he said, it was all he could think of saying.  She ignored him until he finally went to his own bunk.  It wasnt quite bed time but it was late enough that she just stayed put and thought to herself.  Deep down she knew her wall was important.  She was going to take pictures of that building tomorrow, and she didnt care about breaking the second perimeter at all.
When morning came her eyes opened abruptly, she was out of bed and dressed faster than any other morning here.  She bounded from her room and suddenly stopped when she saw Dmitry blocking the hallway.  She didnt like him.  He wasnt ever mean to her, but he wasnt nice either.  He seemed so serious, and he was even more serious than usual lately.  He talked about money, he was always concerned with it.  She guessed he was that way because he was the boss and bosses were mean.  
Good morning, Dmitry said, nursing the rim of his coffee.  Carolina didnt reply.  You are awake early, Dmitry said.  Carolina wondered what she was supposed to do, she didnt mind the others but Dmitry was scary to her.  Dmitry smiled, holding his coffee cup, and waited.  
Excuse me, she said walking past him.  She felt his eyes following her, but luckily he didnt say anything else.  She walked stiffly past the mess hall and waited impatiently for the outside door to open.  She felt his gaze all the way until she was outside and the door was closed again, where she finally breathed a sigh of relief.
Carolina double fastened the latches on her boots and adjusted the belt around her waist, she checked the half full water pouch.  Yep, she said.  She felt ready.  With a determined look she began her hike.  The journey to her wall took less time than yesterday, she figured it was only about two kilometers.  There were no trails but the terrain had easy markers to remember; a small river, some unique finger branch trees, a large mossy rock.  Unfortunately it was mostly uphill.   
Carolina found her wall.  Hi wall, she said as if it had been waiting all night for her to come back.  It looked different today, she didnt know how, perhaps because of the early morning light.  She pulled out her photolense and took a picture.  She took several pictures in fact, before deciding to try to find the door again.  There were occasional grooves, but no door despite her efforts.  When that became boring she picked up a stick and pretended to be a wizard protecting her castle.  She spent all day there until lunch came and she heard her name on a very crackly radio.  Austin was calling her to come for lunch.  She hadnt eaten breakfast out of excitement, and she just now realized it, because the thought of lunch sent her stomach into a tangent.  Starving and guilty, Carolina sped back to camp dragging her photolens with her.  Austin was waiting for her at the door to the quadrohuts. 
Where were you? he asked as soon as he saw her.  She didnt respond.
I asked you a question, he asked again.  
I went to see my wall, thats all.
Austin angled his head at her in disbelief.  I told you to stay in the perimeter.  Now I have to ground you, he said.
She picked up her photolense and turned it on.  Dont you want to see it?  Im not lying! she pleaded.
Austin snatched the photolens from her.  Nothing changes the fact that you did not listen to me, miss, and for the last time  the words faded as his eyes took in the picture on screen.  After a moment he looked at her again.  What is this?
Da-aad, Carolina said.
Austin grew very serious.  Did you do this?  Did you make this photo up? he demanded.
No, I can show you, she said.
Dmitry walked by.  Show him what? he asked.  Austin went very stiff.  He didnt need Dmitry involved in this, and if this picture was something real, he didnt want Carolina involved in it.  Still, Dmitry was expecting an answer.
Just some phony picture, he said showing Dmitry the photolens.  Something flared in Dmitrys eyes, but was gone the next instant.
Phony?! Carolina stomped.
Take us there, Dmitry said.
What about lunch? Carolina asked.
It can wait, Dmitry added.
Here, Austin said grabbing a granola roll from the table,  we can eat on the go.
And this time the walk did feel like a very long walk.  Carolina was excited that Dmitry listened to her, but it didnt take long to feel unsettled by him again.  He walked in utter silence, while Austin offered several excuses about why this was a waste of time.  Maybe he was afraid of being embarrassed. 
Carolina ate her snack on the way and finished her water, wishing she had brought more.  Austin noticed and handed her his hydropouch.  She stopped to take a clean drink without having to worry about splashing, and also to catch her breath.  Between the way there, back, and there again her feet were getting tired.  Austin noticed that too, and he hoisted her up on his shoulders.  Dmitry looked relieved that they were moving again.  Carolina could see from way up high now, and held on with a smitten look.  Maybe she wouldnt give him the silent treatment after all.  She forgot how much she liked riding on his shoulders.
Where did you say this building was? Dmitry asked, the look on his face had become one of doubt.  
Uhm, maybe we passed it, Carolina said looking around.
Austin exhaled.  I said not to look into it he sighed as they hiked around the corner of a hill, stepping carefully around an orange tree root that had long since died.  When they cleared the bend they saw something that stopped them dead in their tracks, something that froze their very breath.  Carolina was right.  There was a wall, just like she said.    
NOW do you believe me?
I paused Dmitry.  I never doubted you.
Austin was wordless, excited, and terrified.  Deep down he had the sudden foresight that this changed everything.  Absentmindedly he lowered Carolina from the top of his shoulders.  
Dmitrys face betrayed his excitement as he approached the wall, but he said nothing.  Austin followed him, fixated on this impossible thing.  Dmitry stopped right in front of it and touched it, as if it were a test to see if it was real, if he was dreaming.
Is this a good thing, daddy? Carolina asked, confused at the seriousness.
Austin was silent.  Its definitely something, he remarked to himself.  As a scientist he had great reason to be excited, but he wasnt.  He was scared.  He looked at Carolina and offered his best smile, she couldnt be happier, she was so beautiful when she was happy.
Well I found it first, so its mine, I get to name it, she said crossing her arms.  Dmitry stood without moving, his hand frozen to the wall.  
Dmitry  Austin said, interrupting him.  Dmitry!
Yes? Dmitry jolted, shocked as if he forgot he wasnt alone. 
We need to call the group together, Austin said.  Dmitry nodded and activated his radio, as he did Austin found himself looking at the wall.  Dmitrys orders to assemble beamed through the teams headsets.  This really was incredible, but he didnt know how he felt about it yet.  Maybe when the rest of the team arrived they could all discuss it, maybe that would put him at ease.  This could be proof of intelligent life outside Earth.  Still, something weighed in his stomach. 
Chapter 3
They arrived together, the five other team members all interrupted from their tasks, jabbering and wondering what was so important.  When they saw it Dmitry said nothing, letting their own eyes take in the answer.  Then the questions came swiftly. 
An hell, whats this? Dublin asked.
Is thisreal? Athen asked.
Its real, Dmitry said.  Two seconds of silence followed.
Is it man made? Helena asked meekly.  The others looked at her. 
Nay, it cant be, Dublin said.
Its definitely not man made, Orlean said, studying his prosthetic arm, a tool he used for field work.  His arm was a portable science lab.  More silence followed.  Dublin walked up to the wall and knocked on it.  
Everyone was too serious, Carolina felt herself shrinking.  This was making her upset though she couldnt say why.  She wanted to cry, squeezing Austins hand absentmindedly.  Austin noticed this, and he knelt down to her level.
This is a good thing honey, its a good thing.  You did a real good job, he said.  It took a few moments for her breathing to steady, but when she looked up at him, he knew he said the right thing for once.  We had better get back and radio this in, Austin said.  Report the find, send photos, prepare a data package, documentation...
No. 
Dmitrys curt reply stopped everyone.  We dont know what we are reporting yet.
Aye, definitely need analysis first, Dublin agreed. 
Dmitry stood in the center of the group.  Listen, all of you.  This may be what we think it is, the first ever proof of intelligent life.  And it also may be a classified government outpost.  If we say we found something of that importance and it washes out, our reputations will be ruined.  Also, if this is what we think it is, and if we handle it right, we might even become rich.  Famous.  Immortal, Dmitry said.
The weight in Austins stomach grew tenfold. 
But we are under contract, Orlean said.  He stopped examining the readings on his prosthetic arm.  Under contract, anything of value that was discovered during a financed expedition became property of the sponsoring company.    
Aye, Orlean, Dublin cut him off.  But jus think for a moment about what Dmitry is saying, he said. 
Austin gave a look to his daughter before speaking.  He could sense where this was going, and someone had to be the voice of reason.  Guys, we are under contract.  An agreement is in place, we must report the find, Austin said matter of fact. 
Dmitry pursed his lips.  We can argue the contract later, Dmitry said, calm as if the debate carried no meaning.  But until we decide what to do, you follow my orders, Dmitry said.
But the protocol states-- Austin began.
--And my orders are that we will not report this find until we have had time to research it.  Then, once weve made sure this isnt a classified outpost, we can report what we know, Dmitry smiled.
This architecture is unlike anything Ive ever seen, Orlean said after whistling through his teeth.  The digital displays on his prosthetic hand struggled to compare chart after chart of known and unknown compositions.  Athen surveyed the group, wondering where to side.  Austin noticed her physically leaning towards Dublin, whose rubber thick accent grew the more excited he became.  Austin could almost see the dollar signs glowing above their heads.
Is that understood? Dmitry asked, his voice addressing the entire team, his eyes on Austin.
Tis, Dublin said.
Sure, we can report it after we study it a bit, Orlean chimed in.  Athen nodded, as did Helena.
Austin, is that understood? Dmitry asked again.  Carolina felt his grip on her tighten.
Of course, Austin answered.  He didnt have an issue taking orders, never did.  He preferred it, having tried his hand at leadership once.  No need to make a fuss, everyone was just too excited to think straight.  When Dmitry and the crew came to their senses they would follow protocol just like the contract said.  He had nothing to worry about.
Excellent.  Engineers, this is a building, and all buildings have an entrance.  Find me a door, Dmitry ordered.
Aye aye, Dublin said, waving Athen to follow.
Researchers, start collecting data.  Austin this is a worksite now.  No place for kids, Dmitry said.
At least Austin could agree on that.  Honey, run on back to the hut, Ill see you in a few hours, Austin said.
But daa-aad, by myself? Carolina protested.
You didnt have a problem going by yourself before, you wont have a problem now, he answered.  
Carolina huffed and pouted, crossing her arms as she walked back to the quadrohuts.  This wasnt fair.  She was the one who found this place, not them, and now they were kicking her out!  She wanted to see inside too!  She pouted all the way back until the quadrohut door zipped open for her.  The details of her journey were lost in her pouting tangent, but when she walked inside she saw a blinking green light on the computer and instantly smiled.  A datapackage arrived.  
It was the weekly drop from the company, which also carried messages from home.  She logged into the part she had access to and found her mail, a video message from mom.  Carolina watched eagerly as the video played.  Her mothers face almost made her cry, and she had to watch it twice.  She was looking better, not as sick.  When the video was finished for the second time she transferred it to her dataPad, in a file with several other videos and pictures from home.  It made her sad sometimes, because while she looked forward to these video packages, they also made her homesick.  She would send a return video once daddy came back, she wasnt able to send messages on her own. 
She really missed her mom, but it was getting a little easier now.  Besides they were almost ready to start the journey home.  This summer felt like it would never end.  And then she wondered; what if they decided to stay longer now?  No, they couldnt, daddy explained the whole launch window thingy.  Or could they?  She still fumed over being kicked out.  If she was the one who found the wall, why couldnt she be there?
Its my stupid wall anyways! Carolina huffed.  It was her wall, no matter what they said, and she had to protect her discovery.  She decided then and there that she would go back, she would just have to hide in the bushes or something.  Daddy told her to be at the quadrohuts, but shed just leave before they left and he would never know the difference.  Carolina grabbed a pouch of fruit slices and left, some dinner this would make.  They couldnt keep her out, she had a legal right to it since she found it.  Though in truth, she wasnt sure what that really meant.  
This time Carolina quickly worked up a sweat, she was hiking as fast as she could and parts of her feet were beginning to hurt.  She stopped at the large mossy rock and held her side, it hurt all of a sudden.  For a slight moment she considered just going home, but the thought of them finding something gave her the determination she needed to start moving again.  When she heard Dublins booming voice she moved behind a thick sparse of heavy bush, slowly and quietly, if she could keep the leaves from rustling.  As long as they kept talking they probably wouldnt hear Carolina as she looked for the best hiding spot.  
Crouching behind a pineapple shaped bush, Carolina sneaked over to a squat tree with shedding bark.  The pale green trunk was wide enough for her to peek around without being seen.  It felt like a good hiding spot.  Peering through a web of branches she found a window with the outline of daddy and Dmitry.  Dmitry was talking, her dad was just listening with a patient look on his face.  She poked a hair closer to hear what Dmitry was saying.
performance on the last mission was rated unsatisfactory.  My report will decide your future with this company, understand?
Yes, dad said.  
Besides, you have your daughter to think about, Dmitry added.  
Dads face had a sudden change.  Please dont get in trouble again dad, please just do what he says, Carolina wished.  
What do you mean by that? Austin asked, his face turning red.
Dmitry smiled.  We can finish this discussion later, Dmitry said.  Dublin hollered, accent so thick Carolina barely understood what he was saying, but she gathered that he still couldnt find the door.  Dmitry walked away, but Austin stood there for awhile.  He was upset, and he liked being alone when he needed a moment to think.  Carolina crouched to her left to peak over at Helena and Orlean.  Moments later daddy joined them, or from what Carolina saw, pretended to join them.  He simply stood next to them, occasionally taking a deep breath, every now and then glancing over at Dmitry.  She hoped he wasnt in trouble, she didnt like it when her dad was in trouble.  Carolina took a long breath and got comfortable so she could watch her wall from the bushes.  A half hour passed and her dad still wasnt focused on work, she could always tell when something bothered him.  Orlean analyzed, Helena and Austin inspected the data, Dublin and Athen were just banging on the wall with their wrenches.  Dmitry stood with his arms folded, watching everything like a hawk.  That was the way Carolina always thought of him, smiling or not, he had a gaze like a hawk.  He was always watching the mice.
Carolina blinked, something was in front of her.  It was like a jellyfish with eyes, and it was staring at her.  
She fell back and it came after her on spider legs.  She crashed into a bush.  Carolina thrashed to her feet, too terrified to scream.  She looked around, unable to breathe, but she didnt see it anywhere.
You hear something? Dmitry said.  
Carolinas chest pounded, but she didnt see the jellyfish anywhere.  Where did it go?  This was bad.  Afraid of getting caught, Carolina bolted back to the quadrohuts.  She was going to be in so much trouble. 
AAAHHH!! Carolina screamed death as something landed on her shoulder.  
Her shriek split the forest.  Austin flew through the bushes after her, the others chased behind him.  Carolina screamed another blood curdling scream.
Carolina!!  Austin searched frantically, ripping through barbed branches and thick leaves.
Carolina stood with her hands at her side.  She was utterly still and wore a fogged expression.
What are you doing here??  What is the matter?? he yelled, relieved and angry.  He trudged his way to her.  
Thachild did give me a heart attack, thought you sent her to the quads? Dublin said almost out of breath.  
Austin looked at her, wondering why she was so still.  He put his hand on her shoulder.  Hey, honey, you okay?
She wouldnt move.  Austin shook her by the shoulders.
What? Carolina said, blinking into the now.  
Why were you screaming? he asked, relieved she was finally answering him.
Was I?
Did you see something? Dmitry asked over Austins shoulder.
Carolina looked around, as if determining where she was.  Austin took another good look at her, she seemed to be unhurt.  Hey you okay? Austin asked kneeling to her.
I am sorry.  I am better now.  I forgot to tell you, I saw the door, Carolina said.
Chapter 4
There is no door honey, Dublin would have found it, Austin said.
I saw something, a faint line, just over there... Carolina said, pointing and following her outstretched hand as if it were guiding her.  Austin watched her, wondering.  She was screaming a moment ago, and now she was so calm.  And there was something off about her but what it was he couldnt put his finger on.  He plopped a hand to his forehead.  Kids were so hard to understand sometimes.
Carolina looked about at the faces staring at her, realizing something was wrong.  Sorry, I just thought I saw a spider, she said sounding more like an eleven year old girl now.  
And a door?  Aye, why not, maybe Im too tall to see it, Dublin laughed.  If the head engineer couldnt find the door but an eleven year old could, hed have to hear about it the rest of the trip.  Austin put a fatherly hand on her shoulder, unsure of what to say.
Anyway, I thought I saw the door right over here, Carolina said standing in front of an inconspicuous piece of the wall.  It looked as unremarkable as the rest, and after a moment or two everyone quietly dismissed her.  She stood there for almost a minute before Dmitry shrugged and walked off, he grabbed Helena to inspect her data readings.  Another minute later and Carolina turned, abruptly facing away from the wall.  A long, steady beam of blue light shot straight out from a projector that was suddenly sticking out of the ground.  Austin saw the beam of blue light, small and pinpoint, it spread like a thin sheet of paper and covered Carolina head to toe.
Watch out! he shouted.  Austin ran to her, reaching her just as the blue light slipped away.  
Its okay daddy, I wanted it to do that, she said.
Do what? Austin asked.  As if to answer him the wall rumbled, Austin grabbed Carolina and pulled her away.  All eyes spun and watched as a part of the wall suddenly came alive, regressing in on itself on sliding open.  Dmitrys icy gaze watched the wall and then fell on Carolina.  How did that little girl figure this out?  Something in Dmitrys head just didnt buy coincidence.  
Uhmm Orlean said, watching Carolina.  Did anyone else see that?
Dmitry lowered his gaze, thoughtfully considering Carolina.  He was more surprised than anyone else, and intrigued.  Could she have simply stumbled upon it?  Report, he said to Orlean, interrupting the focus on Carolina.  
Orlean studied his prosthetic limb, the readout screen danced with charts and graphs.  Im getting strange readings, unusual energy patterns, unknown compounds, Orlean said.  
These energy readings are significant, there must be some kind of reactor inside, Helena said.
Austin walked up to his little girl.  Wow honey we should put you in charge, he said putting a hand on her shoulder.  Austin felt heat coming through her jacket.  Carolina, are you feeling okay? Austin asked as he felt her forehead.  Youre burning up, he said, feeling her checks next.  She shouldnt be feverish with the kind of immune system cocktails they all had.  She shouldnt even come close to getting sick.  Maybe it was time for a booster shot.  
Yeah, Im fine, just all this running around, she said.  Carolina brushed Austins hand away and stepped towards the entrance that appeared.  
Jus let us take this one, miss, better let us lead the way, Dublin said, standing in front of her.  He shook his head, he really would be hearing about this the rest of the way home.  
Dublins right, we have to be good for something around here, Athen laughed.  
Theres no radiation threat, oxygen is breathable, we can advance, Orlean said.  Helena looked like she swallowed a fish.  
Helena, do you want to go back?  You could stand watch over the quadrohuts? Dmitry asked a little smug.
N-no, Im right behind you, she said.  
Behind the gaping entry flickered fluorescent lights.  Heat rose carrying a steady current of stale air.  
Talk to me, Dmitry said to no one in particular.  Austin felt Carolina lean forward as if to speak but she stayed quiet.  Finally the lights inside fully illuminated, revealing a warehouse sized tunnel stretching forty meters in and slanting down.  As a group they stood at the top staring.
Suppose what do we do now?
They looked at each other, wondering what next.
Come on gang, is there anyone who thinks we should just stand here?  Lets go in Dmitry said.
The entryway angled down almost too steep to travel on foot.  Steady warm air climbed past them, evaporating into the forest and tossing Carolinas hair like a sail.  Austin took the first step in and did so carefully.  The floor was incredibly smooth.  The boots they all wore were made for more natural surfaces and gave little friction.  
Austin carefully went down a few meters, followed by Athen.  Not much grip on this, Austin said.  
I can see that, Athen replied, her hands swung out for balance.  
Carolina, stay up there, Austin said glancing up.  Austin heard a yelp and spun his head just in time to see Athen sliding.
Athen!
Athen slid, flailing, trying to stop herself.  Orlean reached out to catch her, snatching her by the wrist.  The momentum dragged him down too.  Dublin leaned over and gripped Orlean by the scruff of his shirt, his thick forearm bulging.  Instantly Orlean and Athen were pinned.
Dmitry! Austin yelled, moving closer to Dublin.  
Aye, I do need a little help, Dublin said soft and controlled, his arm unwavering.  Austin leaned against the slope, rooting himself to help steady Orlean on the other side of him.  
Athen, take your gloves off, and your boots, Dmitry said.  Everyone do it, the floor isnt steep, its just too slick.  
Athen tugged a glove off with her teeth, how Dmitry thought she was going to get her boots off while dangling from Orlean was another thing.  But her bare hands carried enough friction to hold herself from sliding.  She spit the glove free and managed to get back to her hands and knees, lending a thank you smile to Orlean for catching her.  Or at least for trying.
Anytime, Orlean said.  A sharp electric pop stole his and Athens attention.
Did you see that? Dmitry asked.
No, but I heard it where is my glove? Athen asked.  A snaking line of white ash hovered where the slope turned level.
What happened?  Was that your glove? Austin asked.  
That was my glove!
And couldve been you, love, Dublin said, suddenly making dead certain not to slip.
Okay everyone get back up, carefully, Dmitry said.
You think?? Austin blurted.  
Whoa whoa whoa I see it now, Orlean said, scanning with his prosthetic hand.  Theres an intense field of energy down there.  It looks like a trap or security?  It could have fried you, Athen, Orlean said.  Athen looked down and lost it.
Get me up! she cried.
Just relax, you can walk back up, just be steady and careful, Orlean said trying to calm her.
Get me up!  Now! she cried again.  Athen clung to the slope like a cat paralyzed with fear.  
Relax, Athen, just dont move, Austin said calming her.  Carolina stirred at the top of the walkway, looking like she wanted to come down.  Dont come down here honey!  Stay right there! Austin ordered.  Carolina didnt acknowledge him, she just stood with a blank face.
Okay okay just hurry Athen said quivering, gaining control of herself.  
Dublin, can you reach her? Dmitry asked.  Orleans foot slipped an inch causing a wave of gasps.  
Dublin?
Jus cant quite do it from here, dont want to go sliding myself, Dublin said.  The fear of slipping was suddenly worse after smelling the singed air that used to be Athens glove.  Really it wasnt that steep, if you were careful.  
Dmitry is right, its the boots, they dont have any grip, Austin said taking his boots and gloves off and throwing them to the top.  He took a barefoot step towards Athen.  More boots and gloves were tossed up.
Be careful daddy, he heard Carolina say.  She sounded strange, calm.  Austin did have to be careful, one bad slip and his little girl wouldnt have a father.  Judging from the floating ash his death would at least be quick.  With bare feet Austin stepped past Dublin and grabbed Athen.  With his gloves and boots off he realized how warm the floor felt.
Ive got you, Austin said reaching his hand out.  Athen looked at him with forced calm, but she was still scared.  She didnt want to risk moving.  Really, I wont slip.  Im steady now, it was just those boots, alright?
Athen swallowed a curt nod and slapped her hand into his, weighing so much more than he thought it should.  She was really terrified, not that Austin blamed her.  When her glove got zapped it seemed everyone could taste their own mortality.  This time, Austin kept his fear from getting to him.  He wasnt always so restrained.  
Helping her to the top was easier than coming down, but by the time Athen could stand without worry she crumpled to the floor in a sweaty mess.  Carolina stood over her, expressionless.  Kids handled stress in the strangest ways.  Carolina almost looked impatient.
Dublin had made it to the top well ahead of them, Orlean climbed back up too and was already tracing the energy readings.  
Its no wonder I didnt see the field at first, my scanners can barely process the energy output of the facility, Im just now honing in on this room, Orlean said.  Helenas tablet got everything Orleans prosthetic picked up, the two could analyze separate data from the same device.  
Is this some sort of trap? Austin asked, eyes wide.  He hoped this would be enough to convince everyone to go back and report their find.  Even if they get past the energy barrier, who knew what else was down there.  This was too dangerous.  Hopefully Dmitry and the others saw that now.  
Carolina stepped away for a moment and came back, her hands full of dirt.  She flung the dirt out and watched as the field zapped and obliterated it.  For the briefest moment they saw the outline of the energy field, and saw where it had a gap leading towards a key panel.  The key panel was the first thing they saw that wasnt just wall or ceiling.  It disappeared when the commotion of dirt being annihilated finally settled, explaining why they didnt see it until now.  Austin was certain he saw a clear pathway towards the key panel a key panel that further confirmed this wasnt made by humans.
Thats it.  We really need to get back to camp and report this discovery, enough is enough, Austin pleaded as the group put their boots and gloves back on.  He plopped a hand on Carolinas shoulder.  Helena looked like she agreed with him, she looked downright green with fear, but Austin didnt see anyone else nodding.  Agreed?
Our safety is of the utmost importance, naturally, but Im confident Orlean can help us find a way in, Dmitry said.  Austin could have punched him.  Had everyone lost their senses?  Athen almost died just now, and they still wanted to continue?  They were blind for whatever treasure or technology lay within these walls.  Austin had to wonder; if almost losing Athen wasnt enough to convince them, what would it take?
Chapter 5
The sun set quickly on this planet and it would soon be getting too dark to see.  The team still perched in the entryway as they had been for over an hour, ever since Athen almost slid down to her electric death.  They argued over the safest way to get to that key panel.  Carolinas dirt cloud showed them a great deal, but they still needed to study everything they could find before proceeding.  
Carolina, you look sleepy.  Are you tired? Austin asked.
No, Im fine, she answered, though her eyes were drooping and she wavered on her feet.  Her cheeks looked flush red.  Austin felt her face, she was way too warm.
Just do the dirt thing again, Athen said, throwing her hands in the air.  Orlean and Helena chuckled together.  Engineers had no patience.  But a researcher could analyze this data until next week.
If you insist, Orlean said, giving in.  I dont know how much use our instruments will be here, theres just so much interference, I dont even think our radios will work right, he said.
That could be a big problem, Austin said, still hoping someone sided with him.
Not if we stick together, stay in groups, Dmitry said.
Austin paced.  They would clearly miss dinner by now and soon it would be time to hit the rack.  Im heading back to the quadrohuts, its dinnertime, no ones eaten, Carolina has had a long day, Austin just finally said.
Yeah, might be awhile before we proceed, you may as well, Helena said looking like she wanted to join them.  
Aye, well be staying awhile, catch up in a few hours, Dublin said.  Athen rubbed her face, Dublin looked at the time.  No one wanted to stop for dinner.
Ill go with you, Dmitry said, looking at Austin.  Ill bring back some chow, and when it gets too late we can rotate shifts.  First shift will swap out in five hours, that gets everyone a little bit of sleep tonight, Dmitry added.  Come on, he said motioning to Austin and Carolina.
No, Carolina said.  I will stay.
Austin looked at her for a moment before wrapping his arm around her.  Sorry kid, you come with me, he smiled.
I want to stay, she replied.  
I said no, Austin said.  He had to pull her by the shoulders to get her walking away from the wall.  For whatever reason, she did not want to leave.
The walk back was getting dark, soon Austin could barely see his own feet.  Their suits came with a utility non direction light, a glowing lime green, and without it they would never find their way home.  He held Carolinas hand the whole time, wondering why it felt so warm still.  With the antibodies they all carried, fever should be nearly impossible.  Austin kept looking up at the speckled night sky, just to see some light.  Paphos night was like a black canvas of colored marbles and diamonds, utterly magnificent, and Austin would think of this view long after leaving a few weeks from now.  But somehow that glow wouldnt reach the ground, as if the inescapable forest around them captured and snuffed the light.  Carolina let go of Austins hand and walked in front, Dmitry took the opportunity to walk shoulder to shoulder with Austin.
We made an incredible find today, Im sure you would agree Dmitry said.
I do.  
Austin wanted to say more, he wanted to say that everyone was acting foolish and that it was time to report this discovery.  But Dmitry had a way of controlling a conversation, and Austin didnt need anything he said used against him somehow.  Then Austin thought of something, perhaps Dmitry wasnt accompanying him back to the huts, maybe he was escorting him back.  Was this to make sure Austin didnt contact the company on his own?  He hadnt even thought of that until just now.
Everyone is so excited Ive never seen a crew work through dinner without grumbling.  Probably the only meal Dublins ever missed, eh? Dmitry said.  
Yes, probably, Austin said.  Carolina kept her pace as they followed close behind.  Dmitry kept an eye on her as they spoke.
You know, Dmitry said,  we never got to finish our conversation from before.  I was hoping we could come to agree on whats best here.
And whats best? Austin asked.
Dmitry smiled.  Ive always thought you were a real smart guy, Austin, someone who saw the gray between black and white.
Austin didnt have a reply to that.  He stepped a bit further away from Dmitry as they walked.
Dublin really sees what I was trying to explain earlier, and I think the rest of the team does too, Dmitry said.
Austin nodded.  Im sure, but violating the contract could ruin how great of a discovery this is, Austin said.  There are criminal penalties, not to mention the fact that we signed away any claims to discovery made during expedition, he said hoping to reason with Dmitry.
Exactly.  Thats why the whole team is counting on you, to make sure that if we do bring something back, that its ours.  We are the ones on this expedition, risking our lives, giving up precious years, we deserve this more than they do, Dmitry said.  The companys contract is unfair and unrealistic.  They would only use whatever we find here for profit.  We could use it to really change peoples lives, and besides, if anyone should profit from this, it should be us.  We found it.
Austin bit his tongue.  No matter what he said, it wouldnt be good.
Austin, obviously we will report the find eventually, but we want to know whats down there first.  We cant do it without you, Dmitry said.  His voice had lowered.
I think everyone has forgotten the voice of reason.  But its not like Im going to contact headquarters by myself, Austin said.
I know you wont.  You have too much to lose, Dmitry said.  The way he said that, and the way he was staring at the back of Carolinas head, Austin stopped walking.
What did you say? Austin asked.
Im telling you that you wont say a single word.  Ill make absolutely certain of it, Dmitry said, stopping and staring Austin in the eye.  Austin felt his hands clench into fists, until he noticed Carolina was looking at them.  Remember, I am the ranking officer, Dmitry said.  
Austin burned, unable to stop glaring.  He was two seconds away from punching Dmitry in the face, so instead he grabbed Carolina by the hand and stayed well ahead of him the rest of the way.  He tried to calm down.  Assaulting Dmitry would only get himself detained for the rest of the trip, some memory that would be for Carolina.  But Dmitry went too far threatening his little girl.  Greed had taken control of Dmitry and the others already.  Austin didnt need this, maybe he should just keep his head down while everyone else practiced being idiots. 
When they returned to the quadrohuts Austin practically had to drag Carolina to her room, she just wanted to wait by the door until it was time to go back.  She refused dinner.  After awhile though, she laid her head down on the pillow.  
Daddy, I dont feel good, she finally said.
Austin stopped and looked at his little girl, her cheeks red and hair matted.  Its been a long day, youll feel better in the morning, he assured her.  Are you sure you dont want a snack before bed?  You didnt eat since lunch, Austin asked.  Her subtle moaning was the only reply.  
Austin scratched his head walking to the mess area.  She looked sick, but that was unlikely if not impossible on this trip.  The inoculations were so efficient, getting sick just didnt happen.  If she was getting sick they would need a doctor, and Dmitry was coincidentally the only medic.  She was probably just over exerted, maybe dehydrated.  
Austin sat down with his instant coffee and a slice of toast and powdered eggs, all fresh out of the wrapper.  It was breakfast food, but he couldnt stomach the dinner menu right now.  As he pretended to review whatever data was on the table he ignored his toast and eggs, thoughtfully sipping his black coffee.  Dmitry sat down at the table across from him.
Ive been thinking, we still need our core assignments done on time, Dmitry said.
What?  Why? Austin asked.
Isnt it obvious?  I have to make the weekly report, and theyll wonder why all research is stalled.  And, its what we came to do originally, finding evidence of intelligent life doesnt automatically negate that, Dmitry added.
Of course, Austin thought to himself.  Dmitry would give him busy work, keep him out of the way so that he wouldnt be a problem.  Fine, he didnt care.  Austin had nothing to gain by arguing and everything to lose.  As long as Carolina is alright, I dont care what we do.  I think shes sick, I need you to take a look at her, Austin said.
Shes just exerted, you know we dont get sick on these expeditions, Dmitry replied.  Im sure shell be fine by morning.  He stood up and clapped a hand on Austins shoulder before leaving the mess area.
Long after Dmitry had retired to his room, the only room that wasnt shared, Austin forced a bite of egg and toast in him, and then quickly washed it with the coffee.  He could still hear Carolinas stirring and occasional moans.  She really wasnt feeling good.  If Austin didnt get any sleep he wasnt going to be any use tomorrow either, but with the days events he doubted he would be able to sleep.  Since Helena and Athen werent in the room sleeping, Austin crawled into the free bunk next to Carolina.  He lay there for some time wandering in his thoughts.  He cared, he didnt care, he cared, he didnt care.  Dmitry wanted to find something he could bring back and claim it as his own, they all did, hoping to find some technology or artifact or something that could net them a fortune.  Let them.  He didnt care.  And in that, he slept.
He thought he heard birds chirping, but realized he was just dreaming.  There were no birds on Paphos, not even insects.  He roused enough from his sleep to realize Helena and Athen were there, undressing and getting into their racks.  The five hours must be up.  Austin rubbed his eyes and sat up, feeling like his head just touched the rack minutes ago.  
Hey, he said to Athen, rubbing his face.
Are you lost?  The mens room is across the hall, Athen whispered with a smile.
Sorry, I was just keeping Carolina company, he said motioning to her rack.  Helena was laying down in the rack that Carolina had been sleeping in.  She must be awake already, he said smoothing his hair back with his hands.
I didnt see her, are you sure shes not in the other room? Athen asked.
Shes around, Austin rubbed his eyes open and checked the mens bunks down the hall.  There was no sign of Carolina.  Hed get some coffee and find her.
Hey, Dmitry went back already, Athen said.  The earliest light was tickling the horizon as Austin looked outside, still hours before daylight.  Do you need help finding her? Athen asked, her voice betrayed that she was tired and hoped hed say no.
No, Ill radio her, Im sure shes around, Austin said.  She had to be around somewhere.  Maybe Dmitry took her back to the site.  He really wouldnt have had a reason to do that though.  
Carolina, where are you kiddo? Austin said talking into the radio channel on his suit.  Her return signal was a wall of static.  Carolina?  Something about this place was causing radio problems, she probably couldnt hear him.  Technology, every time.  Austin went back to the bunks and checked both rooms, he checked the radio room, the mess hall, the restroom, Carolina was not inside the quadrohuts.  Austin buttoned up his expedition coat and stepped outside.  He walked all the way around the huts but she wasnt there.  He looked over at the landing craft.  She wouldnt have been able to get inside and he didnt see her by the landing gear.  With a grunt Austin realized she must have gone back to the site by herself.  He was going to have to instill some discipline in her.  Why wasnt she tired?
The walk to the site, just a couple kilometers, took almost twice as long on Austins patience than it had the day before.  When he approached he saw Dmitry was at the site, standing in the entryway with his hands on his hips.  
Have you seen Carolina?
She was with you, Dmitry said unconcerned.  
Have you seen her?!
Dmitrys face changed in a way that Austin didnt perceive.  No, I havent, Dmitry said, his eyes fixed down the ramp.
It took a moment but Austin soon understood why Dmitry wouldnt look at him.  Staring down the ramp he saw that the door at the bottom was open.  Someone, somehow, had opened it.  The inside of the underground facility now beckoned.  Austins heart sank.  Carolina couldnt be inside, could she?
Did Orlean get the door open? Austin asked, trying to piece things together.
No.  Someone would have told me when they came back.  I found it like this, Dmitry said.  Your radio doesnt work, does it?
No, Austin said, looking around for his little girl.  He kept eyeing the door down below.  If she was inside...  
Its strange to not have the radios working, Orlean wondered if it was because of the energy signature in this place, Dmitry said.
Yeah, maybe, Austin answered a little frustrated.  He didnt see Carolina anywhere, and he was starting to worry.  Why didnt you wake me?
You looked tired, Dmitry said.
Was Carolina with me?
No.  But then again, I thought she had her own bunk, Dmitry said.
Damn it.  Carolina! Austin called out into the forest, hoping to hear her voice, hoping she just loped out from behind a bush.  He peered down the ramp and into the waiting door below.  He hoped she didnt go in there.  How would she have deactivated the energy field?  She had to be somewhere else, anywhere else.  Maybe she was somewhere on the other side of the quadrohuts.  Austin peered into the surrounding forest, scanning every bit of growing light for his daughter.  
A clatter of dirt fell that Dmitry had tossed.  The energy field is down, he said.  
Carolina!  This isnt funny, come out now! Austin shouted.  Worry started to fill his voice.  
You dont think shes in there, do you? Dmitry asked, a curious expression on his face.  If he smiled right now Austin really would punch him.
No.  Not a chance, Austin said.
Its possible though, isnt it?  She was the one who found the building, Dmitry said.
Luck.
And she did open the outer door, none of us could even find a trace of the door, Dmitry said.
Stop.  Just stop it.
And she exposed the energy field with her dirt trick Dmitry said.
Shut up!! Austin screamed.  Silence rippled afterwards.  Austin and Dmitry stared at each other, eye to eye.  It was Dmitry who eventually retreated, but Austin knew he never really gave ground.  Dmitry was someone who let you think what he wanted you to think.  Finally Austin looked down the ramp.  The open door still waited.  
Chapter 6
Inside.  
The door was open, and Carolina was missing.  Austin stood at the top, staring down at the space revealed behind the open door.  Beige floor tiles, the rest was waiting for him to come closer.  Dmitry stood with his arms crossed, waiting to see what Austin would do. 
I take it you havent gone in there yet, Austin said.
No.
Then Im going inside to look for Carolina, Austin finally said.  He didnt wait for Dmitrys response or approval.  This was the last place Austin wanted to go, but he had nowhere else to look for her.  Austin took a step and carefully made his way down, sliding part of the way until the floor leveled out.  He noticed all that dirt tossing had added some much needed friction.  As he neared the energy field he was a little worried that it might come on at random, but nothing zapped him.  He walked towards the waiting doorway, noticing the stale air coming from inside.  A series of beige floor tiles hinted at the size of the underground room.  Taking a quick breath he stepped in front of the gaping door, unsure of what to expect.  Inside was a weakly lit space filled with strange tables and chairs.  The air was warm, and Austin realized the history he was about to make, being one of the first to come inside a building not built by man.  But his mind wasnt on that, his only concern was for Carolina.  And though he was looking for her, Austin didnt see her at first.  Her back was to him, and she was so still he thought she was one of the pieces of furniture.  
Carolina! he shouted, running inside.  She was facing the wall, her head was hunched over a strange looking key panel next to another interior door.  She did not turn when he called her.  Austin raced across the huge underground room, oblivious to the litter of furniture and papers inside.  Carolina opened the second interior door just as Austin reached her.  His hand fell on her shoulder, and recoiled.  She was burning up.
Honey? he said, spinning her by the shoulders.  Her cheeks were bright red, Austin could feel heat coming off of her.
Uhnnn she moaned, her eyes half open.  Suddenly her legs collapsed from under her, Austin held her upright to keep from falling. 
Medic! Austin screamed.  Carolina began to convulse, she lurched over and vomited.  There there baby girl, its okay honey, Austin said, rubbing her back and feeling her face.  He had never seen someone throw up so violently, every muscle in her back rippled and strained with incredible force.  Dmitry!! Austin screamed again.  Carolina could barely stand, doubling over and holding her stomach.  Her back and neck tensed fiercely, veins bulged under her skin as she vomited again.  This time Austin heard something plop to the ground, large and round and covered in murky liquid.  It had come out of Carolina.
Austin shrieked, he picked up Carolina and jumped back.  It squirmed on the ground in front of them, flapping long spider like limbs to get oriented.  It was round with transparent flesh, like a jellyfish, with deep set yellow eyes.  He didnt know they were eyes at first, not until enough goo slid away and they were staring at him.  And it had come out of Carolinas mouth.  Austin screamed wordlessly.  
The jellyfish creature stood on those long spider legs, protruding longer and longer.  With incredible speed it bolted at Austin.  Austin held Carolina in one arm and grabbed a long oval chair, knocking it over at the creature.  It dodged, moving in rapid bursts, chasing Austin backwards.  Austin hugged Carolina close, trying to kick and scare the jellyfish creature away.  
Dmitry entered the room, speechless. 
Help me!! Austin yelled, struggling to keep distance between him and the creature.  It slowly stalked Austin, cornering him to the wall.
Dmitry threw a chair at it.  He ran forward, waving his arms as you would a wild animal.  The creature looked at Austin and Dmitry, both panting and tense, and then it scurried low to the ground towards the door Carolina had opened moments before.  It crossed the floor in the blink of an eye and disappeared to the next room.  Austin and Dmitry stood panting, their bodies clenched, ready to spring into fight or flight.  This was not good.  This was very not good.  They were not alone, and that changed things.  Dmitry glanced at Austin, he looked as shaken as Austin felt.      
What was that?  Dmitry asked.
Austin spun when he heard Carolina collapse to the floor.  Dmitry!!
Dmitry snapped out of his daze.  Lets get her topside, Dmitry said, adding a final glance towards where the creature was.  
Austin raced out of the large lobby room and up the forty meter incline.  With Carolina in his arms he flew, his feet taking long strides up the ramp until the fresh air of the forest hit them outside.  It took Dmitry another ten seconds to catch up to him.
Lay her down, Dmitry said calmly.  Austin fell to a knee and laid her down as gently as he could.  Dmitry lowered his ear to her chest and checked her pulse.  Shes breathing, thats good.  Her pulse is weak her core temperature is way too hot.  We need to get her cool.
Austin held his hand over his mouth, shutting his eyes as this all dawned on him.  Carolina was hurt.  They were not alone on Paphos.  This was all wrong.  He was scared, he had never been so scared in his life.  Please dont let anything happen to her, please, he begged Dmitry.  He stood there as Dmitry opened Carolinas coat, removed her boots, and poured water on her chest.  Austin kept an eye on the ramp, just to know that the jellyfish creature wasnt still coming after them.  
We need to get her back to the quads, we need the medical equipment there, Dmitry said.  In an instant Austin scooped her up and was bounding through the forest.  When his arms ached he pushed on.  His chest cried out to stop but he ignored it, instead he ran harder.  The sun was not even up yet and twice his ankle landed poorly on the uneven ground, but Austin didnt stop to nurse the pain.  Austin ran with her in his arms, virtually unaware of everything else, until the moment he was placing Carolina on the med table in the quadrohuts.  
I need the medical kit from the shuttle too, Dmitry said, coming up behind Austin.  Austin bolted to the shuttle a hundred meters away.  He wouldnt want to leave Carolinas side, but there was no one else to do it.  The rest of the crew still slept.
Austin entered the security code and waited agonizingly for the shuttle door to open.  He ran inside, for a split second he remembered the cup of water during planet entry with Carolina.  The vessel wasnt terribly large, just large enough to carry the crew from the deep space Orbiter they traveled in.  He broke into the equipment closet and retrieved the medical kit, racing back to the quadrohuts with it in tow.  
Carolina now had sensors running over her chest and head, checking her temperature and blood pressure.  Set it down there, Dmitry ordered Austin motioning with a dry hypodermic injector.  He reached into the med kit and shuffled through some liquids until he found a blue one that he wanted.  
Shes responding to my efforts to reduce the fever, Dmitry said.  Austin was that thing inside of her?
Yes, Austin said.  I never should have brought her here, he thought to himself.  Austin buried his face in his hands.  Is she going to be okay?
We will both know in a moment, Dmitry said emotionless.  Dmitry raised the hypodermic injector to the light to ensure it filled correctly, and then he shot it inside Carolinas arm.  All Austin heard was an airless puff, it didnt leave so much as a bruise.  Within seconds Carolinas color came back to her cheeks.  Austin placed his hand against her forehead and smiled at Dmitry.  She was slightly feverish now but not nearly as warm as before.  Just seeing her color come back to normal let Austin breathe a huge sigh of relief.  
Her body is responding perfectly to the injection, her synthetic antibodies were out of control trying to cope with that.parasite, Dmitry said.  Austin looked up when Dmitry said parasite.
Any permanent damage? Austin asked, praying there was not.
Her body defended itself with a fever, the parasite couldnt tolerate such high temperatures.  Had this gone on any longer she could have suffered brain damage, Dmitry said reading the diagnostic screen above Carolina.  but it appears we got her fever down before that happened.
Watching Carolina rest, so peacefully now, he felt his confidence slipping away.  He could have lost her, a fear he never really knew until today.  What if that thing had killed her?  Austin shuddered at the thought, knowing it was possible without wanting to think about it.  He forgot she was just a young girl sometimes, she often acted so grown up.  Her chocolate hair rested innocently on the table, Austin felt weak from head to toe.  He didnt know if he could protect her, not under these circumstances.  How did it get inside her in the first place?  Where the hell did it come from, Paphos?  Austin felt his spirit collapsing.  If there were more creatures like that on Paphos, how would he keep her safe?
This is incredible.  If we can capture that thing
Capture it? Austin asked.  They stood over his unconscious Carolina.  You want to capture it??
Relax, Dmitry smiled, realizing how he sounded just now.  He set the hypodermic injector down and gave Austin his full attention.  Carolina is recovering perfectly, and Ill watch her closely until she wakes up, just to make sure everything is okay, Dmitry said.  But it goes without saying, that creature holds a significant scientific interest.
Not to me, Austin said suddenly leaving the room.  He needed to excuse himself, this was all too much.  He walked into the only place he knew he could be alone in, the bathroom, and gripped the plastic sink so hard he thought it might come off from the wall.  He smothered a tear that tried to roll down his face.  Oh God, he said, pacing in the small confines of the bathroom.  He loved her so much.  He had never seen her in danger before, and it was more than he could take.  He had never known a more terrible feeling than when Carolina was hurt.  He found himself staring at the wall, looking for an answer.  It helped to remind himself that she was going to be okay, but it would help more if he really believed it.  Austin looked at himself in the mirror, he looked deep into his own eyes.  The moment he did he found a resolve that had been struggling to come through.  In the mirror he saw his face, aged in a way he had never seen, covered in a layer of sweat and dirt.  He would not let anything else happen to her.  He would protect her, even if it killed him.  And when he thought it, the look in his eyes revealed he meant it.  He walked out of the bathroom and down the hallway to where Dmitry still stood.
Im sorry.  How is she? Austin asked.
Ive checked her three times, Dmitry said.
Is there anything left behind? Austin struggled to ask.
Left behind?
Yes.
Dmitry examined her chart on screen again.  Theres irritation in her esophagus and her spinal column, I imagine it attached itself to her there, Dmitry said.  Watching Austins face, Dmitry adjusted his tone a little more gently.   and thats all, really, there are no eggs, or larvae, or anything that isnt completely human.
Thank God, Austin said.
Dmitry set his hands on the table.  Austin, we need to study that creature, Dmitry said.  
Austin nodded, rubbing his forehead with thick fingers.  Yes, I know.  We also need to know what it wants inside that building, Austin added.  Maybe knowing would help keep them safe, help keep Carolina safe.  Dmitrys eyes lit up.  
What it wants? Dmitry repeated, thinking it for the first time.  Dmitry had not considered that the creature was intelligent enough to consciously want something.  But of course it was possible, how could he not have thought of it earlier?
Carolina hasnt been herself for awhile.  She knew things about this place that she shouldnt know.  I think it was using her Austin said.  Dmitry nodded.  He was disappointed Austin had to suggest it first.  
It was controlling her, sneaking off, accessing the key panels  Orlean couldnt figure them out, no way Carolina could have all by herself, Dmitry said in agreement.
This is unprecedented, Austin said.  
It needed a host to get inside, and to bypass the security system, Dmitry went on, his voice deliberate.  He was reassembling the last few days events in his mind.
If we catch it, we should kill it, Austin said.
You must be joking, Dmitry laughed.
Im not joking.  If it can take one of us as a host, its too dangerous to keep alive, Austin said.  Carolina still slept peacefully.  Not to mention the possibility there are more of them.
Dmitry took a long breath before turning his icy gaze on Austin.  I know you must be upset, but we do not kill the first proof of intelligent alien life that we find.  Also I doubt there are more, if Paphos were the native home of any civilization, there would be more than a secret underground facility to show for it.  I think the parasite is a stowaway, more or less.  All in all, this is a huge opportunity, Dmitry said.
Dublin came in the room, rubbing his head like he was sanding a tree.  Jus whats this nonsense you all are keeping me awake with? he asked.
We found an intelligent life form, Dmitry said.
Austins jaw clenched.  It attacked Carolina, used her as a host.
Bloody hell, Dublin said.  Is she alright?
Yes.
When was this? Dublin asked.  Sleep deprived or not he was wide awake now.
Moments ago, it used Carolina to open the interior door and ran inside the building, Dmitry said.  Dublin leaned against the wall rubbing his head.  
An the door is open, then?
Yes.
Austin wetted a cloth and gently washed Carolinas forehead and cheeks.  He was a scientist, and this was the discovery of a lifetime.  But it also posed a threat.  It invaded Carolina, controlled her, used her and it almost killed her.  Austin rested his hands against the table.  He had a duty as a scientist and he would respect that, as long as Carolina was not in any danger.  If it came down to one or the other, Dmitry would have to bring pieces of his precious discovery home.
We should assume its at least as intelligent as we are, Austin said.
Aye, perhaps, but lets not jump the gun, Dublin said, unable to believe what he was hearing.  
Alright, Im awake too, Athen yawned, her usually hidden curves on full display in her thin pajamas.  She was always so covered in engine grease Austin often forgot she was a woman.  
Me too, Helena said grabbing a pack of instant coffee.  
Guess I may as well be up too, Orlean added, leaning against the wall with his eyes closed.  His prosthetic arm was still on the bunk.  Sometimes Austin forgot his arm was missing until he saw Orlean without it.  
Is Carolina okay? Athen asked looking at Carolina.
She will be, Austin answered.  Shes just sleeping.
Dmitry told them what he and Austin had already covered.  The crew took turns listening and responding to Dmitry, whose version of the story was far less dangerous than Austins version.  The room was full of smiles.  The crew had already made a great discovery, and now they topped it with an even greater one.  This was a fantasy every scientist had, and the events of this expedition would be studied all over the world.  Each of them could already picture the glorified history books.  Yet Austin did not share their elation.  
He watched their faces as they asked questions, wishing there was more concern than excitement in their eyes.  They wanted to know more; how smart it was, why it attacked Carolina, how it controlled her.  Austin imagined that perhaps if they really had lost a crew member, then they would be a little less giddy about all of this.  Austin noticed too many voices rising, and looking down at Carolina he knew it was time to cut in.  He needed a moment to work up the strength to speak first, as he was exhausted from far more than lack of sleep.  The range of emotions that had flooded him had taken a toll.  Guys, we need to take this somewhere else, Austin said cutting in to the middle of Orleans babbling about setting up a research file.  
Right, she needs her sleep, Helena said.  They all walked outside, into the budding morning rays, and continued the conversation.  Austin didnt stop thinking of Carolina.  She was so tough, an attitude charged eleven year old.  She was an angel.  Austin coughed loud enough to break the conversation once more.  There was one question that everyone still overlooked.
Lets get back to the most important question, Austin said, in full control of the group.  Whats inside that building?
Chapter 7
Understanding that would let us understand more about the parasite, Orlean said.  I mean, looking at it logically.
Da boys right, Dublin said, scrubbing the gruff stubs of hair on his face.  He remembered shaving yesterday morning.  Jus got to have some purpose for the security, Dublin said.
Security? Helena asked.
Aye, whatever built that underground facility didnt want just anyone to access it, so that means theres something inside, right?
Has to be, Athen agreed.
So, Austin is right.  There is something inside worth protecting. Dmitry added. 
Without doubt, Orlean said, excusing himself to go retrieve his prosthetic arm.  
Be honest, who needs to go back to sleep? Dmitry asked.
Like any of us can sleep now, Athen huffed.  Dublin chuckled.
Tis so, we all pretty awake.
Carolina is up! Orlean said, popping his head out.  Austin flew past Helena almost pushing her over.  
Daddy? Carolina said.  Her eyes were still closed.
Im here, honey, Im right here, he assured her.  
Im scared daddy, she said.  It was such a relief to hear her talking.
Theres nothing to be scared of, everythings going to be okay, Austin told her.  He hoped it wasnt a lie.  There were only two weeks left before the return trip home, assuming that was still true.  Then he wondered, with all of this, would Dmitry find a way to delay their return?  No one back home still had any idea about their discovery.  Austin took a long breath, he had a hard time smiling when Carolina looked at him.  Worry riddled him, worry about the unknown.  He had promised Dmitry he wouldnt go and try to contact command by himself, but that was before Carolina was attacked.  Austin felt her forehead.  Are you feeling better?
A little, she said.  
Good, he answered, fetching some water for both of them.  He took a sip and let her try to sit up.  She took the cup carefully with another soft smile.  Austin sat there, studying her, thinking about what to do.  It was important to give the team what they wanted, a chance to take advantage of this discovery.  But he couldnt let anything delay their return trip home.  He needed a way to pressure Dmitry, to keep him honest.  A way to keep all of them honest, Austin knew what greed could do.  He shut his eyes and gathered the resolve he needed to buy his insurance.  If the people at command at least knew something, that would be enough.  Wait here, honey, Austin said, handing Carolina the cup of water.  Keeping his ear on the conversation outside, Austin walked down the hallway to the com equipment inside the lab.  He sat down in front of the computer and prepared to send a quick message before anyone came to check on him.  He hoped this was a good idea.
FROM PAPHOS CREW: BE ADVISED, WE HAVE ENCOUNTERED A FOREIGN ELEMENT. STAND BY FOR MORE.  
He just wanted something small, something simple, so that it didnt sound like an accusation.  He didnt want to implicate any disobedience by his fellow crew, not until they were all safely home.  Austin sent the message.
Outpost operators would transfer the message back to Earth, wondering what the Paphos crew meant by foreign element.  The implications would start rumors, all of which were controllable, and encourage the company to follow up on any claim Dmitry might make for needing a delay.  So at least, if all else failed, there was someone back home who knew something.  The dye was cast, as they say.
He stood, and with his back to the com equipment he prepared himself for his crews response when they all found out.  But it was okay, because now they had to be on their best behavior, and now Carolina was ensured a safe trip home.  Then a bleep from behind turned him back around.
Error: unable to send
What? Austin asked.  He sat down, typing on the screen again.  The computer thought for a moment.  
Error: unable to send
Come on, stupid thing, he said to the computer.  Austin ran a troubleshooting diagnostic, it reported a cable problem.  Austin reached behind the com equipment to feel for loose cables or wires.  Something poked his finger.  Ouch!  Austin yanked his hand back and instantly nursed it, a dot of red blood formed on the end of his pointer finger.  He poked his head around the unit and stopped.  Several wires were torn.  They were frayed and uncut as if something just ripped them apart.  Austin felt his face go pale.  He stared at the wires, feeling the seriousness of the situation weigh down on him.  All at once he was stranded and vulnerable.  How would he send the message?  How would they even be able to connect to the Orbiter?  Austin bit down hard.  He could not imagine something like this being an accident.  Austin slapped the radio unit and stormed out of the com room.
How could you do it?! Austin shouted.
Excuse me? Dmitry asked, wide eyed.
You bastard!
Start making sense, Austin, before I cite you for insubordination.
I saw what you did to the radio!
And whats that? Dublin asked.
Is something wrong with the radio? Orlean added.
No, nothing is wrong with the radio.  Austin, what are you talking about?
Dont play dumb, you know exactly what Im talking about!
Athen, go check the com equipment, Dmitry ordered.
Why were you in the com room? Orlean asked.  Austin didnt answer.
Yes, Austin, tell us  Why were you in the com room? Dmitry repeated.
Austin glared, pursing his lips.  
Even if something is wrong with the radio, theres nothing Dublin and Athen cant fix, Dmitry said.  And you should be careful with your accusations.
Austin stopped talking but he could do little to change the look on his face.
Aye well, this is exciting, Dublin said.  Helena seemed utterly lost, like she was naked at school.  Athen was right behind Dublin.
Austin is right, the radio is down, all the wires are split, Athen said.
Who was the last one in the com room? Orlean asked.
I sent my weekly report two days ago, before the discovery, Dmitry said.  
I was in there yesterday, Orlean said.
I saw someone  Helena said, almost too soft to be heard.  Everyone looked at her.  Helena looked like she wished she didnt say anything, huddled in her own skin.  I saw Carolina come out of there when we swapped shifts  
Oh come on! Austin cried.  
Dmitry raised his hand.  Think Austin.  Why on earth would I sabotage the radio?  I have nothing to hide from command, Dmitry said.  
Austin opened his mouth but only silence followed.  As much as he hated to admit it he may have just made a mistake.  And worse, Helena said Carolina was the last one in there.  Im sorry, I just thought he stumbled.  Could Carolina have done this?  Or maybe not her, but could that thing have done it?
An we better get to fixing that radio, come on Athen, grab my tools, Dublin said.  He and Athen ducked into the quadrohuts.  Orlean paced while Dmitry stared at Austin.  
Well, lets see what Carolina has to say, Dmitry said.
She needs her rest, Austin said stepping in front of the doorway.  Orlean pretended to observe the ground.
Dmitry smiled.  Of course she does I meant when she is ready, Dmitry said.  The three of them stared at each other in silence.  Why dont you check on her? Dmitry said.
Austin excused himself.  How quickly things had changed for Austin.  One moment he was ready to bust open Dmitrys lip, and the next he was trying to defend his little girl.  Dmitry was clever, far too clever he realized.  And Dmitry was quick witted, always in control and blameless.  He probably did sabotage the radio, knowing he could pin it on anyone in the group.  Then again, Carolina was the last one in the com room.
Austin found Carolina inside sleeping again and rubbed his face as he often did when stress had the better of him he just wasnt thinking clearly with all of this going on.  He wished they never found that alien wall.  He knew he only felt this way because of Carolina being here.  If she wasnt here then hed be different, one of the guys, a scientist excited by discovery.  He wished he was as clever as Dmitry.  Dmitry always had a plan.
After watching her rest, Austin walked down the hall and poked his head in the com room to see Dublin and Athen working on the radio.  The message Austin composed was still glaring onscreen.  He realized he had stormed off without deleting it.  Dublin glanced over his shoulder.  He gave Austin an undecided look.
Dublin, we need to send that message, Austin said.  Someone needs to know what we are dealing with.  Athen almost died, the parasite is hostile we could all be in trouble.
Athen watched Dublins face as Austin pleaded, waiting to see how he would respond.  Austin felt for a moment that Athen agreed with him.
An Im not the captain, Austin, neither are you.
Athen, what do you think? Austin asked.
Athen looked at Dublin before answering.  Its not our call to make, Athen said.
Austin couldnt stand this.  Can it at least be fixed? Austin asked.  
An Im not sure, will let you know, Dublin said.  The guy who heavily boasted his fix-it skills wouldnt give a firm answer.  Dublin would agree with Dmitry and Athen would agree with Dublin.  For all Austin knew the radio was already fixed.  An I think Im going to delete that message, Austin, Dublin said.  Austin left the room, his attempt had failed.
Austin returned to the mess quarters and gently picked up Carolina, escorting her carefully through the hallway.  He set her down on one of the female bunks, softly letting her head rest.  He covered her with a blanket.  He still didnt know what to do.  He knew that one way or another the team would keep exploring.  If he let the others go without him who knows what they would find or what they would try to bring back.  He had to be with them every step of the way.  
He couldnt leave Carolina alone.  She was attacked once, and she was lucky.  Could he bring her along, inside the building?  Carolina was safest with him, whether that was here or there.  In the meantime, if he could stay off of Dmitrys radar, maybe he could sway the crew to come to their senses.  Carolina stirred.
Daddy? she said.
Hey, Im here, he answered.
She sat up, clutching her forehead.  Im thirsty.
Austin brought her some water, he added an energy mix of glucose and electrolytes.  She drank it down and smiled through sleepy eyes.
How are you feeling?
Better.  I think Im awake now, she said.
Do you remember anything, Austin asked.  
No, Carolina said.  But Austin knew it was a lie.  The moment he asked if she remembered something her eyes went scared.  Austin reached his arm around her and held her.  Carolina started to sob, quietly at first but the sobs grew.  Austin soothed her, not knowing what to say.  She must be so terrified.  What kind of memories would she have?  She was just an eleven year old girl.  This was way beyond his parental skill set.
Its okay, honey, you dont ever have to say anything.  Everythings okay now, Austin said holding her.  Carolina held him back, trying to be strong.  Austin wanted to make this better, in any way that he could.  He thought back on his experiences as a father and as a child, wondering what he could do to help Carolina right now.  Austin remembered when he was a kid, and when things were the hardest, it seemed that his parents had a way of making things better with breakfast.  You hungry?
A little.
Ive got some world famous toast I can whip up, he said.  She looked confused.  Austin gulped.  And, if you want, Ill let you drink coffee.
Gross.
No really, its good, youll like it.
No way, she said.  
Austin returned moments later with toast and coffee.
Carolina crossed her arms.  You call that world famous toast? she asked, a tired eyebrow raised.
Wait until you try it, he said handing her some.
It looks like cardboard.
Thats the secret ingredient, he said.  She laughed, short and unexpectedly, and Austin smiled inside.  And the coffee makes it go down better, like mud, he said.
Eww!
Austin took the first bite and pretended to enjoy it, Carolina took a bite too, trying not to spit it out.  Austin looked at her, realizing that this was the most fun theyd had all summer.  They both needed this moment, simple and relaxed, enjoying the worlds worst toast together.  Austin wished all of their meals had been like this.  It was really kind of nice.
Chapter 8
The next hour gave Austin a chance to regain his thoughts.  Most of the crew was preparing to leave for the site, and the lack of chatter helped him think clearly for once.  The first thing he noticed was how out of place he suddenly felt.  No one would look him in the eye, conversations changed when he came closer, he was the outcast.  Austin realized he had committed a great error and he needed to correct it.  He could not afford to drive a wedge between the crew and him, to do so would put Carolina at risk.  He had gone too far by trying to send that message.  It was hard to explain, but he could feel the threads of safety loosening the more that greed pushed Dmitry.  And being this far from home meant Earths laws could do little to protect him... if it came to such a point.  It was time to realign himself among the crew, to let them know he was a friend and not an enemy.  It was for his sake, and especially for Carolinas sake.
Despite the morning sun, Austin had tucked Carolina in to bed with her photolense and markerpen, as if surrounding her with gadgets protected her somehow.  Then he quietly retreated and went to the mess room to repeat the ritual of instant coffee.  When it was ready he begrudgingly went outside.  Looking up, he saw a pink and pale sun, rising against the cloud speckled sky.  Behind those scarf shaped clouds he saw Paphos rings, a long thin brushstroke of purple and pink.  His radio crackled as Dublin and Athen had managed to get some functionality out of the com equipment.  The frayed wires had caused a programming malfunction, they reasoned, though the software was designed against it.  Austin could fix it if they let him.  Dmitry, Orlean, and Helena came outside and approached him.  Dmitry had a look of intent on his face.
Austin, we need to talk, Orlean said.  
Yes, I know... I have something to say.  I want to say that, well, Im excited to get back to work, Austin said.  He felt wrong apologizing and he lacked better words.
Thats great, Austin.  I think we should have a meeting, just to keep everyone on board, Dmitry said.  Orlean stared for a moment before glancing away and nodding.  Helena fixed her eyes on the floor.  Austin noticed something was up if those two were so obviously uncomfortable.  
A meeting? Austin asked.
Austin, we have a problem, and its affecting how efficiently we work as a team.  Lets all go inside and clear the air about that message you tried to send, Dmitry said.
Sure, Austin replied, heading inside.  He was surprised to see Dublin and Athen already waiting in the mess room.  Orlean and Dmitry stood behind him.  Dublins arms were crossed, he never stood like that that unless it was serious.
Austin, about that message, it really helped convince us about what needs to be done, Orlean said.  Helena would not take her eyes off the floor.  Austin started to worry.
What needs to be done?  Are you going to contact corporate then? Austin asked.
Dat wasnt what we were thinking, lad, Dublin said, uncrossing his arms.  Dmitry nodded, giving Dublin a signal.  
Dublin walked over to Austin, reached out with a prong and dropped him to the floor with a zap of electricity.  Austin fell into Dublin, who with Orleans help scooped him into the chair.  Austin realized his wrists were being bound with plastic restraints.  Dmitry spoke while this happened.
You see, Austin, I need to protect my team, and what you did put all of us at risk, Dmitry said.
Dublin prepared a gag to tie around Austins mouth.
Oh hell guys, come on, do we really need to gag him? Athen pleaded.  Carolina is right down the hallway.
Dmitry exhaled.  Lose the gag, Dmitry said.  Dublin waited a moment, he almost looked disappointed.  Austin fumed, his muscles wouldnt stop twitching.
Austin, we all stand to lose if we dont stand together.  This is the discovery of a lifetime, and its up to us to see how it is handled.  Corporate isnt here, we are, Dmitry said.
You you can trust me.  I swear it, Austin said, struggling to speak.  The effects of the stun lasted about a minute and his words came slow at first.
I lead this team, and you are either with us, or against us, Dmitry said.  He was so pleased with himself, as if this were some generous offer.  Dmitry must have planned this in private with the others.  Austin had a thousand terrible threats on the tip of his tongue, but he was able to withhold them.  He remembered his resolve from earlier, and vowed to keep Carolina safe.  Speaking of his little girl, she was standing in the hallway.
Why is daddy tied up?
Helena looked away, Dublin coughed.  This little lesson was meant to go unseen by Carolina.  Athens face looked utterly ashamed, she quickly removed the plastic ties from Austins wrists.
Never mind kiddo, Austin said standing up.  Thank you, he told Athen.  
Dmitry stood in front of him, demanding some sort of answer.  Im with you, Austin said.  His wrists burned.  Dmitrys dominance was proved.  Austin had underestimated how serious everyone was about this whole thing, he wouldnt do that again.
I know everyone is without sleep, but no one hits the racks while that thing is crawling around, Dmitry said. 
We could do a fire watch, rotate every couple hours, let the crew recharge, everyone gets some sleep, Austin said.  Proving himself to his crew felt like the smartest thing to do, and he wanted to do it right away.  
Carolina said something.  Her tiny voice carried more weight than it should.  But it was what she said that made all eyes turn to her.  It wont come back here.  Its too close to what it wants, Carolina said.  An invisible weight pressed down on Austins chest.  
What did you just say? Orlean asked.  
Carolina froze.
Its nothing, shes just tired, Austin said.  He turned to Carolina.  Honey, go back to bed now, try to sleep awhile longer, he said.  Dmitry crossed his arms, silent in his thoughts.   
But Im not tired, she said.
Go, Ill be with you in a bit, Austin ordered.  Carolina looked half alive as she turned and walked, drooping her shoulders all the way back to her bunk.
The moment she was in her rack the silence died.  
Did she say it? Orlean asked.  
Please dont ask her anything, she isnt ready, Austin said.  
Dmitry stepped forward.  Carolina suggests a shared consciousness with the parasite.  This changes things, Dmitry said.  
Are there more of them? Athen asked.
I hope not, Helena said.
Doubtful.  Weve been here for months, and our satellites have found no trace of any ecosystem, Orlean said.
Aye, well, our satellites missed the wall and everything inside it, Dublin said.  Dmitry turned to a monitor and brought up a video snapped from their research this morning.
We will speculate on that later.  In the meantime, this is a video from the lobby of our alien facility, Dmitry said.  The word lobby was strange to use, but Austin supposed they had to call it something.  It sure looked like some kind of a lobby.
These are signs, words its safe to assume, Orlean said, pointing at symbols over entryways.  There were also some on doors.  They were looking at the first evidence of alien script.
Tis some kind of processing room, like maybe its a security checkpoint?
Maybe, but the building is very complex.  Theres much more than this top level lobby, Dmitry answered.
Complex? Athen asked.
Orlean answered.  I couldnt get the readings I wanted to, but I could scan enough to see that the facility extends well into the mountain, and probably deep underground as well.  I gathered evidence of multiple floors, but the radio waves in this place make a clean reading almost impossible.
Austin stood up and walked next to the monitor, squinting at it.  The building was deliberately hidden, but it doesnt feel like a warehouse or storage facility.  Those markings appear soft, almost inviting.  At least to me, Austin said.
They do, if that means anything.  This entire room has a certain flow to it, Athen said pointing at parts of the screen.
Maybe its a hotel resort, Helena said.  Austin almost laughed.  Helenas mind saw things a little differently at times, an alien hotel was just comical to him.  Hell, why not.  Secluded, far away, feel of interior design nah.  The lobby room was a bit too stale for a hotel.  
Team, lets realize something.  We have learned everything we can learn from outside.  If we choose to continue our research we must explore the interior of this facility.  And something else if Carolina is right, then the creature is after something.  Do we ignore this? Dmitry asked.  
Dat wouldnt be in our best interest.  An already we are losing time against it, whatever it is, Dublin agreed.
Are you suggesting we hunt this thing? Helena asked.
If there is something dangerous inside that building, and that creature wants it think about it, Dmitry said.
I get it, Athen added.  Orlean leaned back in his chair.  Helena looked pale.  Austin knew what Dmitry was saying, that whatever the parasite wants could be a threat to them.  Austin was in awe at how easily Dmitry could manipulate people.  He wanted to find the alien, and he knew how to motivate the others to do it.  Dmitry wasnt actually concerned for anyones well being.
We find what it wants first, or we capture it along the way, Dmitry said.
We will need to prepare, Austin added, hoping he sounded helpful.  He would be on his best behavior.
Austin, you should stay here.  We cant just leave Carolina by herself, Athen said.
Im sorry to disagree, Athen, but Carolina should come with us.  She appears to have unique insight, Dmitry said.  Austin swallowed hard.  But it is up to Austin of course.  He is her father, after all.
Austin hoped he did not growl out loud.  Two choices, both terrible.  He remembered thinking that being together with the group would benefit them the most.  He just wished he didnt have to put something on the line to do it.  And though Dmitry gave Austin the courtesy of deciding, he knew it wasnt really a choice.  He expected them to come, and he would find a way to punish Austin if he didnt.  His wrists still burned from the plastic restraints earlier.  Austin knew the saying, keep your enemies close.  If things get crazy, well just come back here, Austin said.  
With Austins blessing, and he hoped it was the right decision, everyone got ready to go back to the alien facility.  The team stocked up on snack packets and a little water, Dublin and Athen grabbed cutters and torches and a few other purpose tools until their cargo pockets bulged.  Dublin was ready first, waiting outside for the others to trickle along.  He was enjoying himself.  Orlean resisted the urge to load Helena with lab instruments, Dmitry had advised everyone to travel light.  They didnt have any weapons, something Austin regretted.  For a group of educated scientists no one really knew what they would need.  They left and hiked up the trail, keeping mostly to themselves.  Austin took note of each crew member, their looks of excitement and nervousness, and almost two kilometers later they stood atop the ramp leading inside.  
Dmitry went down the ramp as soon as Helena caught up to them.  Dublin was just behind him, and then the others followed.  You could walk down it in a trot but it was easier to slide.  Austin looked at Carolina before following, she was eyes forward and ready.  Even though he knew the parasite was out of her, she didnt seem herself.  Watching the others slide down the ramp towards the entrance, Austin considered going back right now.  This place was too dangerous, and he just knew they shouldnt be here.  Come on daddy, Carolina said holding his hand.  Austin for a small moment imagined the parasite coming after them while sitting at the quadrohuts, exposed and alone.  Maybe they were safer in a group.  It was the push he needed to go down the ramp.
The crew had gaggled inside the lobby and Austin approached them, looking at the room and the mess Dmitry made throwing furniture and boxes at the parasite.  It seemed so long ago.
I wonder whats powering these lights? Orlean asked.
Solar power? Helena suggested.
We didnt see any exterior solar panels, but something is obviously powering this building, Athen said.
The lights inside were good enough to read in if you squinted, but for the most part it was hard to see all the way across the room.  Austin looked closer at the signs over the doors, trying to make sense of them, and then moved on.  He stooped over one of the desks at a stack of sheets, files perhaps, each marked with symbols similar to the ones over the doorways.  Austin blinked twice when he looked at an alien drawing, it was childlike in nature.  Staring at it, he realized he could almost put his finger on what this was reminding him of.  In Austins schema of recognition, this place made him think of something back home.  He figured out what it was when he saw Carolina, doodling on the table with her marker pen.  Watching Carolina scribble triggered the memory Austin was trying to place.  She looked like she did when they took her to the medical clinics, waiting for a doctor.  He studied the room, looking from corner to corner, all of it suddenly making sense.  Guys, Austin said loudly.  He waited until everyone looked at him.  I think its a hospital.
Chapter 9
Carolina doodled on her notepad, eyes innocent as she drew.  They came here for safety, Carolina said.  When she realized everyone was staring at her she set her marker pen down and lowered her head.  She went from comfortable to very uncomfortable with a slouch of her shoulders.
What do you mean? Dmitry asked.  
Carolina looked at her drawing and crumpled up the paper, tossing it and glaring at the empty desk.  Dublin and Dmitry shared a look.  The kid knew things, they just didnt know how.
Do you at least know which way the parasite went? Orlean asked Carolina.  She pursed her lips and hid behind her hair.  Austin was ready to say something when Dmitry changed the subject.
Orlean was able to scan behind this wall over here, we know for sure that theres a hallway behind this wall and that theres a second floor underneath this one, Dmitry said, pointing across the lobby.  Austin put an arm around Carolina.  He hated having her here.  This was a mistake.  But being at the quadrohuts was a worse mistake.
Dmitry and Dublin peered in front of three hallways, judging them without anything to judge by.  The hallway in the middle had a red glow of light, the others were much darker.  This way, Dmitry said, choosing the hallway in the middle.  The red glow in the hallway saturated their suits, making everyone a shade of crimson as Austin followed behind next to Carolina.  As he walked he saw a few patterns in the wall emerge, decorative squares, and then a long narrow plate for ventilation.  They had not traveled very far when the lights went black, and he couldnt see his hand in front of him.  Just as Austin went to activate the flashlight on his suit, the red lights came back on.  Everyone looked around, secretly expecting to see something terrible appear, thankful it had not.  Its just a little light, guys, use your personal flashlights if it makes you feel better, Dmitry said.  
The hallway arched slowly in, warping the ambient sounds resonating through this place.  As they crept deeper inside, the floor lowered a half step.  Austin noticed what looked like water damage lining the walls about three centimeters off the floor, as if this section suffered a flood previously.  The floors were still polished and smooth except in places were debris formed piles.  Everything was also decades old by any standard Austin could determine.  Dmitry slowed as they came upon a smooth and very thin round crate, he stopped and studied it.  It was empty, and after two more crates he quit slowing the team to inspect them.  The hallway finally came to an anticlimactic end and a gaping elevator waited.  It was two and a half meters tall and wider than any elevator he had seen.  Dmitry traded a glance with Dublin.  Where to?
Thinkin we could backtrack, try the other hallways, Dublin said.  Dmitry looked at the elevator and took a long moment.  He was too intrigued to just turn around.  He stepped inside, a subtle test as if he were still unsure about it.  When he came inside the elevator turned on.  Lights beamed from buttons on the key panel and he heard overhead motors warming up.  
Lets stay together, Dmitry said.  All of them boarded, and waited, wondering how to make it activate.
Dublin stared at a panel of foreign symbols, wondering which one to press and how.  After a reassuring glance around he pressed the first button and watched the floor level rise and seal them inside.  Austin felt his stomach twisting as the motors moaned, sounding like they could break and drop the elevator at any moment.  Carolinas knuckles were squeezed white, though he couldnt tell if it was him or if it was her squeezing.  He looked down at her, she simply waited unafraid.  Yep, it was him.  He gave her a smile and a wink, a timid effort to reassure, and suddenly the elevator jolted to a halt.  Thank goodness, Austin sighed to himself.  
Steam drifted up through a vent in the floor.  The first thing Austin noticed was the heat.  Warm air blanketed his face and neck, it was inescapably ten degrees hotter here.  Dmitry stepped off, studying their surroundings.  The elevator had led them down to a new hallway, though very different from the one above them in the sense that everything down here looked somehow more unfriendly.  With their presence the hallway turned on; lights activated, fans spun and ventilated the air.  A sharp pop of electricity shot out from the ceiling.  Austin waited until he and Carolina were last before disembarking the elevator, keeping her close.  He liked the floor above them much more than this one already.
A few meters down the hallway and they came across double rooms on either side.  They had oval doors and some kind of plastic glass for viewing inside.  Orlean examined one of the windows with his prosthetic arm.  Its a type of plastic, basically, he said as if having read Austins mind.  Many of the windows had cracked, some had hefty steel bars over them.  Austin instantly longed to be back on the floor above.  The overall tone or feel of that floor was almost inviting, whereas he did not like the feel of this place.  Whatever this floor was used for, it did not match the warmth of dcor they saw up above.  
Jus look how much dust is down here, and its hotter than hell, Dublin hacked.
How is this place still running? Athen wondered.  Large fans whirred in the ceilings above them, struggling, but working nonetheless.  Between the fans, the lights, and not to mention the energy field that almost killed them, it was clear that this place was running on more than a backup generator.  It had an active, capable energy source somewhere.  
Orlean, youre watching for death traps right?
Yes Austin, so far so good.  Im surprised I didnt notice that energy fence the first time but it wont happen again, Orlean said.  
Orlean stood in front of a terminal sticking out of the wall.  It had several slots like data ports, but they were shaped in ways unfamiliar to him.  He could see Orlean trying to imagine a way to dock his prosthetic arm with it.  Helena studied her sidepiece, a small device that read off of Orleans prosthetic mini-lab.  
There is way more energy being used on this floor than just the lights, Helena said.
Like radiation energy? Dmitry asked, conscious of contamination.
Sensors? Austin followed.
Maybe, Orlean said looking down to the screen on his forearm.  He studied for a few moments making small tsk sounds with the end of his tongue, something he did when thinking.  Its not leaking energy, not like a faulty reactor.  Its deliberate.  My best guess is some kind of security system.
Like the one we ran into earlier? Austin said.
Sure, maybe, hard to tell.  Maybe Im getting interference from the actual planet, my sensors arent acting right.
A solar panel array could bring in this much electricity, but we certainly would have noticed that, Austin said.  
Its alien technology, maybe they are using something completely unknown to us, Athen answered.  She wasnt just speculating, she was hoping.  Getting a chance to study new technology would be a dream for any scientist.  But they already had more questions than they would have answers for in the weeks remaining before departure.  As Austin contemplated these things he realized there was something organic in this room.  He looked through the window, shining his flashlight inside.  On a table in this room were beakers and vials full of murky water, and inside them were dead specimens.  
Guys, he said.  Dublin peered over his shoulder.  Ive got fish in this room, Austin said.
Alive or dead? Dmitry asked.  He stood in the doorway of the room next to Austin.
What? Austin asked.  Dead obviously.  What have you got?
Aquatic organisms, and they are definitely alive, Dmitry said.
Impossible, Austin said jetting over to the other room.  They all huddled over Dmitrys shoulders, peering past him at the table that was lined end to end with specimen jars.  One of the jars, round and squat, had a swimming creature with triangular gills and long antennas on its head and belly.  It looked like nothing Austin had ever seen on Earth.  It floated lethargically through the grey murky water until Dmitry got closer to it, then it swam in fast tight bursts.
How long has this creature been here?  This place must have been abandoned for decades at least, right? Athen asked.
At minimum ten years based on the age of the debris.  Probably closer to fifty.
These rooms were for experiments, obviously, look at all the equipment and the way the specimens are laid out on the table, Dmitry said.  He looked at Carolina.  Do you know what these are?
No, she said.  Dmitry considered her for a moment.
Orlean, document everything you can in sixty seconds.  We need to move ahead if we are going to catch that parasite, well have to come back to these rooms later.
Lets go Orlean, Athen said, sixty seconds later, pulling him and Helena away.  It was like dragging a bear from its nest but reluctantly Orlean came.  
And it was just as well that they moved on, the experiments in each room continued to astound.  Orlean snapped pictures of each one.  Some lived, most were dead, and they were getting bigger.  All were aquatic organisms.  By the fifth door Dmitry halted, staring in awe at a giant hole in the wall.  If they had brought a bulldozer down here and drove it through the wall, it would look like this.  Orlean snapped a photo and then scanned the wreckage.
What could have done this?  These walls are concrete thick, Athen asked.  
Daddy, lets go back, Carolina said, tugging on Austins hand.  Austin looked down at her.
Whats the matter? he asked.
 nothing.
We still could use your help, Carolina, if you remember anything else.  It could really help us, Dmitry said.  
But I dont know anything, Carolina said with a slump.  Austin looked at her, and then down the hallway.  He considered for just a moment heading back to the quadrohuts, just him and her, but the thought of encountering the parasite along the way kept him from going.  They were still safest in a group.
Dublin stepped over the rubble that had spilled out on the floor and took a closer look at the first hole, studying what might have broken through the wall.  Orlean scanned a portion with different filters until one of the composite layers revealed what looked like claw marks on the ceiling and walls.  He showed it to Helena, who gulped.
Must have been some kind of accident in this room, Austin said.
Some accident, Orlean said.  
Come on, we need to keep moving, Dmitry said.  This is the end, lets go back to the elevator.  Orlean?
There is another level, beneath this one, Orlean said, scanning with his artificial limb.
Daddy?  
Austin looked down at her.  He didnt have a name to describe what was suddenly different about her, but it was the first time in hours that it sounded like Carolina.  If he wasnt worried before, he was now.  Maybe Carolina and I should go back, Austin said.  
Dat isnt happening, Im thinkin you should be where we can see you, Dublin said, crossing his arms.  
Theres nothing to be afraid of, Carolina, and if you remembered something, it might keep us safe, Dmitry said.
She looked down at her feet.  She was uncomfortable, which made Austin uncomfortable.  He didnt know what to do with her, except to leave and go back to the huts, but he was afraid of making himself the outcast again.  He wondered now if coming down here was another mistake, one in the line of many.  He wished he had all the answers.  
We will be okay, kiddo, nothing to worry about.  There are lots of us and only one of them, Austin said.  Carolina nodded.  Dmitry said nothing, he quietly observed, waiting patiently.  After examining the hallway they all circled back and boarded the elevator waiting for them at the end of the hall.  The elevator creaked and moaned with the weight of all seven of them, and when the motors began to whir something sounded very wrong.  Austin felt the cables giving way.
Off the bloody elevator, now! Dublin ordered.
Before he could move, a cable partially snapped, tilting the elevator to one side.  A wave of shrieks flew from their mouths.  Orlean was closest to the door and tried to get off when the elevator fell.  The doorway disappeared up and Orleans prosthetic limb was ripped off with it.  
A weightless terror filled Austins throat as the elevator fell, scraping and rocking as it bounced down the shaft tearing cables and snapping pieces.  Shouts of terror were drowned in the clutter of noise, and for a moment Austin thought this was it.  This is the end.  He looked down at Carolina.
It only took three seconds to land but the crash rang hard.  Austin was conscious and laying on his back.  He had been braced against the elevator wall, him and Carolina both, so that the force of the impact would dissipate at an angle.  He didnt know if he was hurt or not, but that wasnt the first thing on his mind.  Fumbling to sit up, he found Carolina and melted in relief that she was breathing, eyes open, and seemingly unharmed.  Slowly Dublin picked himself up and helped Dmitry up too.  Helena was bleeding from her head, and Orlean was missing his artificial arm.
Damn it! Orlean cursed, holding the stump of his left arm.  Its up on the second floor, Ive got to get it back can we find a way back up there??  Orlean looked up as if he could see through the ceiling.  Without his prosthetic he wasnt a scientist, he was just a disabled man.
Jus be grateful, it couldve been worse, for all of us, Dublin said.  
Oww Helena groaned.  Dmitry was trying to apply pressure to her scalp to stop the bleeding.
You hit your head pretty hard, Dmitry said examining Helena.
I dont feel so good, she said.  Helena struggled to her feet, stabilizing herself against the warped elevator wall.
Guys, Im stuck, Athen said.  
Austin looked over at her and almost gagged.  A thin piece of steel was sticking through her thigh, covered red and leaking into a pool of blood under her leg.  Dmitry knelt next to her.
Just stay put for a moment, Athen, Dmitry said with calm bedside manner.  She looked down and stared at her leg in frustration.
Well how bad is it? she asked.  
Not bad, Dmitry said removing his belt.  He wrapped it around her upper left thigh and applied it as a tourniquet.  He motioned at Dublin, who scrambled through the medical bag until he displayed a small syringe.  
Im giving you a little something for the pain, Dmitry said.
I dont feel anything, Athen said.
You dont feel anything yet because youre in shock.  This will make sure you dont feel anything later as well, he said and sank the needle into her arm.  She looked away from him and tried not to cry.  It wasnt the pain that was causing her to tear up.    
Oh Athen, Helena said, mouth open.  Orlean sat next to her, looking for a way to help.
Easy now lass, well get you patched up, Dublin said.  She and Dublin were close, and not just because she was the other engineer on the crew.  They had been teammates long enough to know each others habits and read each others thoughts.  A gesture with a tool or a shrug was all the dialogue they needed.  
Dmitry whispered in Dublins ear.  Its too close to the artery.  We need to cut this loose without taking it out, if the rod comes free she could bleed out, he said.  
I can hear you, you dont have to whisper, Athen said, her words already slurred from the effects of the drug.    
We need to get back up there! Orlean said again.  
Relax, Orlean, Dmitry said as Dublin went to work cutting the steel rod loose.  Athen looked away as the effects of the drug came through.  The steel rod is safer in your leg than out of your leg right now, Dmitry said.  When they were back to the quads Dmitry would be able to remove it safely.  Were three floors down now, shouldnt be hard to find a way back up, then we can retrieve your artificial arm, Dmitry said, responding to Orlean now.  Athen leaned forward to sit up and Dublin planted her in place with his hand.  
Dmitry gazed out at their surroundings, and wiped a layer of heat induced sweat from his brow.  Where he was looked like the inside of a shoebox with stairs on the left leading down.  The noise down here was different too.  It was full ambient silence, like the bottom air shaft of a super complex.  Empty and hollow sounding but you had to raise your voice to be heard.  
But how are we going to get back up? Orlean asked.  
Tell me we arent still going to look for the creature?  Would it even have come down here? Athen asked.
Dmitry, Athens hurt, we need to focus on getting her out of here, Austin said.
Sure, of course, Dmitry said.  But we wont be taking the elevator.  Also, someone has to stay here with Athen, he said.  Not you, Dublin, this place is falling apart and I may need your tools.  Austin, Ill need you too.  We dont have a way to scan for traps, Ill need a third pair of hands in case one of us get hurt.
We just need to find my arm, Orlean said subconsciously rubbing his stump.
Ill stay, Helena volunteered.  Austin wished he had volunteered.  It was probably safer here with Athen than with Dmitry.
Ill stay too, with that thing running around they may need my help, Orlean said.  And it was unspoken but Orleans greatest contribution was his prosthetic arm.  Without that he was added weight.  
Austin swallowed.  This was not good.  Athen was hurt, Orleans prosthetic was missing, they had no idea where they were or how to get back, and now the team was splitting up.  And of course there was the parasite, its whereabouts unknown.  Austin knew the worst thing to do in a bad situation was to panic.  But what was the best thing to do?  Austin rubbed his head.  They couldnt have fallen more than ten meters, but the jolt still felt like the inside of a giant bell.  The crash was so loud that if the parasite was nearby it certainly would have heard.  Would it come after them again, or was it after something else?
You okay kiddo? Austin asked Carolina.
Im okay.   We should go down those stairs.  I really want to.  Athen will be fine.
Austin winced, though he didnt mean to.  He thought he saw it before, but he knew he saw it now.  Something wasnt right.  It wasnt that Carolina wanted to go down those stairs, she needed to go down them, and the Carolina he knew, would only want to go back.  She didnt sound like herself, and she didnt act like herself, and Austin couldnt ignore it anymore.  What he would do about it though, he had no idea.  
Carolina, you better stay here too, he said.  



End of Paphos Part 1.

See what happens next when Paphos Part 2 is released this September!
Thank you for reading!
nrburnette@nrburnette.com

Other books by N.R. Burnette:
Cargo Lock 5, best selling science fiction crime thriller
Kenji, a god of war fantasy novel
The Complete Paphos Series
