Jericho Johnson: The Gauntlet of Time
J.A. Stowell

Copyright 2012 by J.A. Stowell
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this e-book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without premission except in the case of brief quotations in articals/reviews. This book is a work of, not only fiction, but science-fiction and all characters therein are portrayed thusly. Any resemblence to persons either living or deceased is strictly coincedential.
Whether any scientific statements made within this work of science-fiction are correct and/or viable is quite unlikely.
Just saying.

Prologue



I might be dead in a few hours.
Please, I don't need your pity, sympathy or any other means of giving me the ol' pick me up gig because, honestly, I think I'm way past the dealing with death issue.
My only regret is that, if I do happen to die soon, it won't be from natural causes, I can assure you. Which bites, really, because I bet a tired old doctor would've just loved to have had a patient that was almost ok with dying.
Just saying.
So, now that we've all established my demise and, hopefully, are alright with the fact that you're about to hear a story by someone about to kick off and leave all of his fans behind to wonder just where he's gone, then we can proceed.
Ive learned many things in my travels.
Like how you should never buy food from certain vendors in Chinatown. Or that when in Rome, make sure you act as American as possible. Ive learned how to defend myself, physically and psychologically, in many different ways. I also have a knack for knowing how to dress no matter where I go.
I cant help that Im awesome--so dont take it personal.
Knowing these afore mentioned items is nice and most certainly comes in handy every single day.
 But there are some things that only I know. These things, as I so eloquently put it, mainly have to do with history.
Some of them arent mentioned in the books, though. For instance: nowhere in any kind of history book you read will tell you that Vikings think a man in a expensive black business suit is perfectly normal, whereas the crusading English knights find it appalling.
 The books tell us of the glory of chain mail and how it was the most ingenious idea of the Third century but also fail to let us know that you had to be able to bench press a small jeep to be able to wear the stuff. Not to mention that it really didn't take off as the 'must have' armor until around the Sixth century and even that was really just in the middle east. Don't ask because I just know.
We all know the three-hundred Spartans were a ruff tuff group of handsome rouges bent on saving their culture with their supreme combat abilities. Of course we all do. Because of our precious history books and history channel. When in reality there had been almost fourteen-hundred of them. They did, miraculously enough, get their red loin cloths right, but forgot to mention just how uncomfortable they were. Not to wear, though, just the whole running into primeval combat in my underwear thing. We all speak of their bravery, and for good reason, too. Going into a fight involving spears, swords, and other old school sharp objects basically naked is not for the faint of heart. I can tell you that first hand.
They told us Poe was a drunk crazy man. Wrong. They said Bonaparte didnt take over the whole world when in fact the only places he didnt control in his reign were the undiscovered regions we now call the arctic.
 History as we know it is wrong about everything. And not just about the sword and shield days, either. Im talking about Marilynn Monroe, John Dillenger, Joseph Stalin- real recent type jazz.
I cant tell you everything. Mainly because Im not supposed to know myself. Indeed, the knowledge I have and the way I aquired it is extremely bad for my health. But Ive been quiet for too long. The entire world will never know about the things of which I am about to tell you.
So sit down. No, really, you need to sit down for this, seriously.
My name is Jericho Johnson. Im twenty-two years old, hate Irish wolfhounds with a passion, can swing a mean battle-axe, and Im awesome. Did I mention that already?
This story begins in 793 A.D. I had just bought a new suit, it was raining, and I had foolishly forgot my umbrella
Chapter 1



Stupid stupid, I muttered to my drenched self. The rain wasnt super hard, or anything, but terribly cold. Of course I remembered my digital camera but not my freaking umbrella! I said.
I glanced down the hill I was on at a band of fur clad men approaching me. There were twelve of them in all.
I couldnt resist a quick snapshot of the dozen viking warriors coming up the hill. Their axes and broadswords glinted from my flash as they came to a stop in front of me.
Evening, guys. How are things? I said to them, putting on my best smile and extending my left hand to the one who seemed to be the leader of the pack. I know that the right hand was the one most commonly employed for greetings among most all cultures, but due to the odd glove I had on my right, I decided the left would feel less aggressive.
I had been observing their small village for almost two days now. From a safe distance of course and only taking photos when the urge was too great not to obey. The man looked at my hand then at my black suit. After seeing that the guy was just going to leave me hanging I put my hand back down.
Then he rattled off something in Scandinavian. Ah. How could I have forgot. I guess because I hadnt actually had a verbal exchange with any of them since my arrival almost three days ago. I held up my gloved hand and hit a button. What are your theories on global warming and the mad cow disease?
 This was the question I asked most of the time now. I used to amuse myself from time to time by seriously abusing the fact that the person I was speaking to didnt understand a single word I was saying. I ceased this dangerous practice because of one occasion in the late 1720s when I rattled out a very off-color insult to a man on the streets of Bruges thinking that he didnt speak English. Why did I think he wouldnt speak English? You guessed it--history books. My black eye certainly proved them wrong on that one.
The viking before me now looked at his comrades for help and seemed a bit unsure of himself. Then he started talking. I listened intently, nodding now and then as if I understood and actually cared about whatever he was saying.
A soft orange light blinked on one side of the glove for about thirty seconds before turning blue and glowing steady- indicating that my glove had obtained enough Scandinavian dialogue to put together their alphabet. Show time, I muttered to myself, producing a earpiece from my inside coat pocket.
The man had ceased his Scandinavian rant when he saw the dark blue gadget I put in my ear. Now, what were you saying? I asked.
The dozen or so vikings in front of me went all sorts of wide eyed.
How can you speak our language, stranger? The man who had given me enough dialogue for my glove asked.
I thought about spinning some insanely awesome tale of my being awesome and could therefore do as I pleased when I pleased- but thought better of it. Does it matter all that much? I asked instead.
It does. Was his reply.
I sighed, Well, if you simply must know it has to do with this glove. I said, tapping the said glove with a finger. Or maybe you guys call these things gauntlets, I dont know.
I frowned when I said this and gave my glove a long glance. The more I looked the more I realized that it really was more of a gauntlet than a glove. 
So, I said, Whatd you say your name was again?
Bulwark the mighty, Bjourn the Berserkers younger brother. The one who had been doing all the talking said. He didnt seem the least bit puffed up about it, either. I know if I had a severely bodacious name like Bulwark the mighty or Bjourn the Berserker, Id pretty much where a t-shirt letting everyone know about it.
Well then, Bulwark, you guys have nothing to fear of me. Im simply a man on a quest for knowledge. Nothing more. I said, smiling reassuringly at him. I just want to know about your people. Your likes, dislikes, if you guys really have braided beards I glanced over the lot of men in front of me, just to make sure one of them were sporting one the sweet beards I always gave my Dungeons & Dragons character. None of them were.
Of course what I was telling them was true depending on how you looked at it. Bjourn is not welcoming to strangers. Bulwark stated, almost awkwardly, it seemed.
Would you mind terribly to allow me a greeting with this Bjourn? I asked. This was a super shot in the dark. The odds of these people letting some weirdo in a suit with a souped up blue tooth have an audience with their chieftain wasnt looking too good. But one of the things I have learned in my travels is that the worst thing they could do was tell me no.
Or decapitate me.
Bulwark pondered on this, Do you have any weapons, traveler? He asked this cautious enough, almost as if he were afraid I was a wizard or something and could be offended. His eyes dropped to my gloved hand. Not that I blamed him or anything. The fingers on it were thick at the base and ended in some devilishly sharp points.
I chose my next words carefully, No axes or swords to speak of, Bulwark. I said, extending my hands palm-upward to allow them all a good look. This glove is just for traveling, captain. One of the vikings on my right narrowed his eyes. Seeing that he was toting a wicked cool hammer, I added, And no hammers.
Seemingly satisfied that I wasnt packing, Bulwark simply nodded once and turned to head back down the hill toward the village. I fell in step behind them and couldnt help letting one side of my mouth curve into a almost sardonic smile. It was strange to think of these hardened viking warriors as being innocent while I, the twenty-four year old dude from Chicago, was the not-so-innocent one.
Dont get me wrong when I use the term innocent. I do not employ that word often because after all Ive seen Im starting to think there is no such thing anymore.
But at times such as these, when people like the vikings are thinking Im weaponless because of course if I had a weapon they would be able to see it, right? I think this is the best use for the word innocent. Im not saying Im a walking arsenal, or anything. But I did have a few tricks up my sleeve. Literally.
Take the glove I was just bragging about, for instance. Apart from it having the capability of sailing me through time and space and looking totally awesome, it dueled as my weapon/defense against unfriendlies. I didnt know all the ins and outs of it, but I had lit a few folks up like a California Christmas tree before.
But then again, I had only had it for a little over a year at the time. The fact that it was considered 24th century technology, and that I just skimmed through the manual on the glove like a lame birthday card from my aunt Greta, was the main reason I didnt know the full capability of my glove.
Sure Id tested out all the buttons in a secure location, which, incidentally, was the Arabian desert in 1894 where I was sure no one would get hurt. After messing around with it for a few hours I had deduced that after you took the bells and whistles away from the glove, it was basically a pretty average hot shot except the electricity did shoot out in a sweet visible bolt that went out thirty feet and could probably knock someone at least that far if I had to use it on any unfriendly person I met in my travels. It also had the usual super-hero type features, like a grappling hook, for starters. Back then I didnt realize just how useful one of those could be, but I sure as heck do now. There was a screen on the top of the wrist part that showed me basically everything a time-traveler should know. Like the date at the top left-hand corner, and the temperature at the top right-hand corner. It was a little over twenty degrees when I was with the vikings. The rest of the screen was mostly taken up by little important tidbits such as my heart rate, oxygen level, and blood pressure. It was all touch screen and so user friendly it would make Apple jealous.
One button at the top center was labeled weapons/defense and had to do with just that, my hot shot and grappling hook. The other button to the right of that one said new date and was where I put in the date of the next place I fancied visiting. Example: if I put in Paris, France 1645, and hit enter, I would be there in less than fifteen seconds. I know. Wicked, right?
When we had reached the village, the rest of its inhabitants stared at me in a shocked way. Whether it was because of my suit, or the fact they could feel the awesomeness radiating from me, I didnt get a chance to find out because their chief met me at the door, lets say.
What is it you want? He bellowed, brandishing a bodacious double-bladed axe that looked like it weighed more than I did. Speak, outsider.
In my year of traveling, I had encountered more people like Bjourn the Berserker than I could count- afraid of the unknown. Handling them was not always easy, and I could see already that the exchange with Bjourn was sizing up to be a nasty one if I didnt play my cards right.
Chief Bjourn, I trust? I said, noticing to my delight that his blood red beard was braided into two neat rows that reached his stomach. My name is Jericho Johnson, I added, dipping into a small bow, And I have come from a very, very long way to see the might of your dynasty. I also wanted to see if all Id heard of you and your valiant warriors were true.
This was true. I had come there to see if vikings were all they were cracked up to be and to check out the braided beard situation. But they didnt need to know that.
Bjourn narrowed his eyes at me, flicking them down to my glove. And what is it that you have heard?
Back in school I was called every single thing that had to do with being a suck-up--and for good reason. Not to brag or anything, but I am pretty good at it.
Why, you have not heard the devastatingly beautiful dramas of Bjourn the freakin awesome Berserker and his band of vikings? I said, looking very aghast that he hadnt.
Bjourn closed the gap between us, never letting his eyes leave me. After he had stopped right in front of me and stared at me for a uncomfortably long time, he smiled and slapped me on the shoulder. Well then, Jericho Johnson. You shall dine with us tonight in my great hall and tell us all of these tales about myself. He said, laughing.
After I had received a few more slaps on the back I began realizing why they all wore armor. These guys could kill you with kindness.
Bjourn then insisted on having a guide show me around his lands while we waited for the feast to be prepared. That was just fine with me because I had just eaten a bowl of cold mac n cheese that Id brought with me from my mansion in Chicago almost an hour ago and didnt want to seem rude by my lack of appetite at the feast.
Upon my request, I was granted some authentic viking garb complete with a pointed helmet and about five wolves worth of furs. PETA wouldve had a major field day with these dudes. The boots I was given pretty much put Dr. Scholls and any other comfortable footwear company to shame. I was told that the feast would be ready in an hour and that the great horn would be blown when it was time.
I was most excited to discover my guide to be a gorgeous warrior woman with white blonde hair and a mean looking sword and outlook on life. Most of my excitement was due to the fact that history had only had a few speculations about viking women being warriors.
You are the traveler? She asked me, sounding as if shed rather be having her right arm slowly sawed off instead of having to show me the sights.
Names Jericho. I said, And you are?
She cast me a look and said, Piper.
Where? I said, looking around for some 8th century instrument player.
No, fool. My name is Piper.
Wow. A viking warrior chic named Piper. Just wow. It was probably a good thing she didnt have a name like Arwin or Gwendolyn because Im pretty sure my inner nerd wouldve taken over and I would have kissed her right then and there.
We started our journey at the village square where she showed me the fish market and then the tanner and blacksmith. I was working my digital camera overtime and soon had filled one SD card and had to retrieve another.
Piper had been silent the whole time I was snapping photos like a wild man, but I could feel her eyes on me and my Kodak. While I was changing the SD card, she finally spoke. And what, in the name of Odin, is that? She asked, peering at it curiously.
Piper, meet Thelma. I said, handing her my camera. Thelma, Piper.
She examined it curiously. But what does it do?
This was always fun. Here, I said, taking it back. I could show you faster than I could explain it. I stepped back from her and held it up so I could see the pretty norse girl on the cameras screen.
Say cheese. I said.
She blinked at me for a few seconds before she finally caught on that I really did want her to say cheese. Uh, cheese? She said, looking quite adorable when she made it into a question. She then cried out when the flash went off and ducked. Thors beard! She said, instantly looking around to make sure none of the older folks had heard her blasphemous comment against the god of thunder.
Teenagers. I guess they weren't really that different over a thousand years ago, after all. Sorry. I said, I probably shouldve warned you about the flash. I turned the camera around so the shaken girl could get a look at herself on the screen.
She stared openmouthed at the photo with unbelieving eyes.
Ah you blinked. I said, noticing she had her eyes closed in the first and only photo she would ever have taken of herself. Here, lets take another one.
I aimed back at her and she still had her mouth open. How? She started, her voice trailing off.
I know its a lot to take in but there isnt a super computer in the world that can do what your beautiful eyes do in a few fractured seconds. Cmon Pipe, smile. Whatever your doing when I push the button on top, youll be doing on this little screen back here.
About half the words I had just used made zero sense to Piper, but she had sort of caught onto the idea. What if I stand on my head?
I wasnt expecting this response. Uh, yeah. Im pretty confident that that falls under the whatever you do category I just mentioned
Because Hazel and his stupid gang dont believe I can- and I can, by the way- but when I try to do it in front of them I get nervous and fall down She was talking really fast but I was picking up what she was putting down.
Piper, I think Thelma and I can give you a hand with your stage fright.
She smiled big, showing her white teeth.
I must have seemed pretty stupid, just staring at her teeth like a openmouthed retard. Im just saying, in any movie about the old school sword and shield days, they always give the female protagonist, or antagonist for that matter, perfectly white teeth even though we all know that they had zero help with keeping their teeth clean, right?
Why are you looking at me that way? Piper asked, breaking my concentration on my serious breakthrough.
I blinked and shook my head a little, Sorry, Pipe. You just have really nice, uh, teeth. I said, instantly feeling like a complete nerd.
Thank you. She said, nodding politely even though she was probably secretly thinking that, like I said, I was a nerd. You have nice teeth, too. She said.
Thanks, sweetheart. The Colgate must be working.
Her eyes widened and her mouth fell open, Youve been to the Coal Gate? She asked this with a mixture of wonder and fear.
I frowned, The what?
The Coal Gate. She said, dropping her voice to a whisper and leaning in toward me. She smelled kind of sweet in a rugged warrior chic type way. It is located north of here. The entrance is hidden but it is said to be the gateway to the underworld.
Whoa. This chic was going way too fast. Hold on a sec, Piper. I started tapping at my gloves screen, mumbling to myself about the date and location. The other nice feature about my glove was what I was doing then. I didnt have Google- but there was enough information stored on the white glove to answer any question I needed answered.
I typed in the date and mentioned the Coal Gate and hit enter. In a few seconds I had my answer.
It said this:
The Coal Gate was said to be the entrance to Helheim, the realm of the underworld ruled by Hel, the daughter of the trickster god Loki and his wife Angrboda. This land of the dead is located in the lowest world in the Norse universe called Niflheim. It was said that no one could leave this place due the impassable river Gjoll that flows from the great spring of Hvergelmir that encircles Helheim. Not even the gods could leave upon entering.
It read on a little further, listing the admittance standards for Helheim, which consisted of dying any other way than on the battlefield. Man, these guys were hardcore. It also stated that just dying in battle wouldnt give you a one way ticket to Valhalla, the Norse heaven. You had to die bravely, as well.
It also went on into a detailed description of Norse Valkyries, the female handmaids of Odin who flew over battles and hand picked random vikings who they fancied were fighting more courageous than the others. The men who drew first blood were especially given extra attention and a were a shoe-in for the heavenly afterlife if they were felled in battle later on and blah blah blah.
Actually, Piper, I said to her, closing out my search window. Where I come from Colgate is the name of something that cleans our teeth.
It took me a good ten minutes to convince her that, no, I had never been to Helheim and that I was really telling the truth about toothpaste. Just when I had finished up my lecture on Colgate we heard the great horn blow, indicating it was chowtime.
Oh well. I suppose I could finish sightseeing the next day. I still had a while before my college students back in Chicago had to turn in their mid-term exam papers so I was in no hurry to get back to the windy city.
Not that it mattered anyway considering I could just zip back to exactly when I left but, hey, it was still a vacation.
But another thing that Ive learned in my travels is that making plans and time traveling mix about as good as oil and water.
Of course back then I had absolutely no idea that there was a completely insane psychopath bent on world domination and also the not-so-nice notion of killing me to get the gauntlet.
And even if I had known about him, I really wouldnt have thought that he could've been able to travel through time, too.
No. I didnt find that crazy revelation out for another two whole days. In actual time, though, because I stayed with the Vikings for a while before heading home.
So cut me a break, whoever you are. Because, like I jussaid, how the Helheim was I supposed to know?
Chapter 2



So can anyone tell me where emperor Nero went wrong? I asked the seventy-some odd students seated in the auditorium.
You mean besides not dying as an infant? Someone snickered from the top left of the cramped chairs. Daniel Radcliff, most likely, due to the cackles that his troupe always followed his semi-witty comments with.
And just in case youve forgotten already, there arent very many twenty-four year-olds teaching to college students. Or any other students, for that matter. Almost half of my class is made up of people between twenty to twenty-two. The rest being the kids who actually did good enough in high-school to make it to my classroom before their nineteenth birthday. I know. God bless America, right? Some kids actually did graduate. There also was the occasional thirty to forty-something men and women deciding to better their education later on in life. If I had to choose between these three classes of students and pick the hardest to teach to I would have to go with the older folks. Mainly because most of them arent keen about the idea of their professor being almost twenty years younger than them.
Please bestow upon us your great knowledge on the death of infants, Danny. I said, sweeping my hand over the class. Im sure the rest of your fellow Democrats would love to hear about it. This brought laughter from most of the classroom. The ones who didnt laugh Im thinking were Democrats. Oops.
The best perks about being close to their age was being able to talk to them the way most teachers really want to talk to their students but dont feel adequately young enough to do so. Not to mention the occasional date I allow myself from one of the fifty-four girls winking their heavily lashed eyes at me while holding up a sheet up paper with their cell number on it.
I leaned back in my desk chair, placing my laced fingers on top of my head and tried not to sigh. Look, guys, we all know about Nero being this horrible emperor. But can anyone in this room please tell me at least one good thing that he did?
I pointed to the first hand that went up.
Mona, if you please. I said to the bright eyed brunette  sitting on the front row. She looked up from her notes frowning in thought.
Well if he would have been proven guilty on setting Rome on fire then he would also be responsible for getting more land available to the southern farmers. Mona said, adjusting her glasses.
I stood. Wow. I didnt think she wouldve even thought of that. That is, oddly enough, the most satisfying answer I have received all day. Thank you, Mona.
Of course, being a history teacher with the ability to travel back in time, Nero had been one of the first of historical figures I had tracked down. I had already proven that he was, in fact, accountable for the great fire. Monas stating about Neros one good accomplishment had been dead on. Had the fire not happened the fall of Rome would have happened almost two-hundred years earlier by my calculations than our records show.
Oh, and incidentally, Roman historian Edward Gibbon was right. It did happen in A.D. 476 just not on September fourth. It was sometime in late June.
Also I will never want to meet Nero again. Ever.
I talked on a few more minutes about how Rome was, even with all its wanton and bloodthirsty ways, one of the greatest civilizations to date. When the bell rang and everyone started standing I reminded them about an essay that was due by late next week and bid them all a warm journey home.
Most of the time I was the first to leave the classroom. Mainly because teacher paperwork is extremely boring to do at a desk. But at a coffee shop? Now thats a great place to do paper work. These were my thoughts when I climbed into my black Mercedes Benz. The SL class, by the way.
What? You think Id have the ability to know what happens tomorrow and drive a busted Gremlin? I mean, I can see the winning lottery numbers today, go back to tomorrow and punch them in. 
Thats just an example. Ive actually only did that twice.
Knowing the end score of the Super Bowl is nice, too. Not to mention knowing what the weather in Australia is going to be like on the next day. Without going into too much detail let me let you know what my status to the world was at the time.
After I had had my glove for almost two months I had won the Illinois jack pot lottery, predicted a severe blizzard that hit early, even for Chicago, and had appeared on a live interview with CNN about my innate ability to somehow predict the future.
Graduating high-school at the age of twelve and entering college at fourteen-ish was the reason most people thought me awesomely successful. Prodigies get away with a lot more bizarre things than your average Joe. Such as fooling the entire world that I had enough gray matter in my brain to foretell the future.
I pulled onto the freeway and blew the horn at a Jeep that seemed to be having a Sunday drive on a dirt road while in the middle of a five lane highway on a Thursday. After a few minutes of speeding and cutting into traffic I turned on my exit. I decided that I wouldnt stay at the small coffee shop long. Even though my three-storey Goliath house was basically right across the street, I really needed to hit the hay. I had a big day ahead of me tomorrow, this being the day I had been planning for the past month to make an expedition back to Rome. Not to see Nero, though. Im thinking Neros father will be around five and a half when I go this time.
I parked my Mercedes and quickly ran to the coffee shop door with my briefcase in hand. Mikeys Place was pretty much my favorite joint on this side of town and I confess that it was one of the reason I purchased the condo across the street. The first and foremost being that I was able to easily remodel the basement into a maximum security facility that housed my glove. But Ill get to that in a bit.
Good evening, all. I called to the usual occupants that I saw basically every time I came here. I hung up my coat and scarf before breezing to my booth. I say my booth because thats literally what it was. After moving in across the street I came to the coffee shop and told the owner that if he made sure that no one -and I mean no one- sat in the back corner I would personally give him two-thousand dollars a month in cash. I had thought about giving him a time frame as to when people could sit there and when they couldnt, but figured that at two grand a month he could keep it free all day.
So after he had eagerly agreed, I had moved in an expensive leather booth to replace the old one and had even thrown in a chaise lounge to match because I got them on sale.
What? Billionaires cant get good deals on furniture?
I walked back to my section and dropped my briefcase on the table. The owner, Mr. Hartz, had at first installed a curtain to keep people out but I had shut this down after a few visits. It was cool and all but completely defeated the purpose of going to a coffee shop.
I clicked open the black briefcase and pulled out my boring teacher papers. I tried not to groan as I flipped through them, trying to decide which one to tackle first when my coffee arrived.
Two shots of espresso, two mint leaves, one sugar cube and three Reeses Pieces. The cute waitress said, setting my cup down. Will that be all, Mr. Johnson?
Yeah. I said, looking up from the lame spread sheet in my hand and noticing it was Charlie, my favorite waitress. I forgot I had been needing to talk to her. Uh, no, wait. I gestured to the booth opposite me. could you join me for a second, Charlie?
She sat and looked at me hopefully. So whats up? She asked, letting one side of her mouth raise into a smile. Or was that a smirk?
I took a sip of my espresso first and had to resist the urge to let my eyes roll back in my head in ecstasy. Man, that stuff was good. It was on the menu for anyone else who wanted it. Jerichos Mix was what the sign read underneath it and the owner decided that it was worth almost twenty dollars a cup. I dont know what was worse, him doing that, or people actually buying it.
I decided not to trademark the name because it was kind of cool, I guess, having a drink named after you and all.
First, Charlie, I feel compelled to tell you that youre about to receive a promotion.
Really? She gasped. When?
Two days from now the manager will obtain the flu and you will be runner up to take his spot while hes out.
She seemed to deflate. Oh. But hell come back, right?
He will. I said, taking another sip of my coffee. But the owner will keep you on as manager. Especially after I tell him that the business seems to have improved under your guidance.
Charlie beamed, eyes wide with shock, anticipation, and all the other ways people look when I reveal their future. Ive never well, I mean- er
I smiled, Heard about it. Thought about it. But never actually seen it. I said, dropping my papers back into my briefcase and clamping it shut.
Yeah, I guess. She said, letting her eyes drop in embarrassment and hooking a loose strand of hair behind her ear. I watched her for a second when she raised her face back up. And what, if I can ask, do you enjoy most about knowing the future of someone so clueless about it? She asked, smiling and trying not to laugh-out-loud in excitement.
I finished my coffee, stood, and dropped a five-hundred dollar tip on the table. Knowing. I said, and then left.
Chapter 3



I dropped my bags, coats and my briefcase on the foyer floor. This was my ritual every time I stepped into my condo. Hi, honey, Im home! I called cheerfully.
Evonne Mitchells, butler extraordinaire, appeared on the scene. A butler was one of the first things I added to the twelve-thousand square-foot condo that, as I like to look at it, was more of a mansion than a condo complete with a spiral staircase, tennis court and inside pool.
Ah, Master Johnson. I trust you had a pleasant day? He said, stooping to retrieve my coat.
Let Louise get that, Mitch. I said, I need you in the basement stat.
I have given miss Louise the night off. Evonne said, dropping my coat over his arms and straightening. She had a hard cough and needed time to recuperate, sir.
I nodded and picked up my backpack and briefcase I had just thrown down. Billionaires having to pick their own luggage off the vestibule floor. I shook my head, tsking. Whats the world coming to, Mitch? I asked, laughing.
I am sure I do not know, sir, he said.
Cmon, Mitch, lighten up. Weve got a lot of planning still left to do tonight.
Of course, sir, Evonne said, I took the liberty of having Owen pick up your favorite tacos from downtown LA and they are en route. The estimated time of arrival of your private jet is exactly thirty-eight minutes.
Awesome, Mitch. Youre the best butler-with-a-british-accent ever. I said, patting him on the shoulder. Sushi tacos. No one did it better than downtown LA.
I am flattered, Master Johnson.
We deposited my coats and bags in the enormous closet to the left of the front door and headed into the enormous living room. Although when you own a house this huge, the area that is generally called the living room is actually the boasting room. The best view, fireplace, expensive furniture, water fountain with naked angels adorning it- you know the drill. The walls were also ladened with weapons from almost every age imaginable.
Come to think of it, I dont think Ive ever even sat in the boasting room. But sitting would have to wait. Any messages? I asked as we crossed the fancy room to the door that led to the elevator.
Yes sir. Mr. Gates called and asked if you could tell him if the weather tomorrow will be sufficient for a quick game of golf, sir. If not, he says hed rather not worry about it.
I nodded and opened the door. It led to a short hallway that eventually ended at the elevator that eventually went down five stories to the basement/lab. Tell Bill that hed better keep the clubs in the shed unless he wants to drive almost one-hundred miles to a cute little resort called the Cove where the weather isnt horrible.
Of course, Master Johnson. Shall I call him now?
I pushed the level five button. Thats fine. Just get to the basement as soon as you can. I checked my watch as the elevator dinged and the door slid open. Actually scratch that. Dont come down without my sushi tacos. I stepped into the elevator and stood at attention, saluting the sixty-one year-old butler. Thats an order, Captain.
Evonne returned the salute. At once, Master Johnson.
Then the doors closed.
Evonne was a retired captain of the military that had gone secret service that had gone hitman that had finally gone butler. But aside from having such an awesome of a life as that, Evonne Mitchells had one specific characteristic that made him invaluable and irreplaceable in my eyes.
An unreasonable love of history.
The weekly combat/weapons training that had begun since his arrival was also fun. Its kind of cool to have your teacher refer to you as Master Johnson.
He was also one of the two people from the 21st century that knew about my knack for traveling back in time. Tonight was extremely special for Evonne, though. He didnt know it yet but I had finely decided to ask him to join me again on my upcoming voyage.
He'd came with me only once before when I'd went to see Nero and, I've got to be honest, that little venture didn't end well.
The elevator dinged again and the door opened to a ten foot hall. The floor, walls and ceiling were all made from chrome steel. At the end of the short hall was yet another door that required my hand impression, retinal scan and voice recognition for access. After slapping my hand on the scanner, widening my right eye and saying my name, the one foot thick steel door slowly opened from the ground up.
I walked in and clapped my hands three times fast.
The lab, or man cave, as I called it for Evonnes benefit, who didnt exactly understand the term, or chose not to express that he did, was where I spent most of my time in the house. Upon my clapping the enormous room lit up with white lights.
Welcome, Jericho Johnson. A female computer voice announced when I entered. As much as I like to say that I had an awesome computer that I could talk to and would do all my paperwork for me- that would be a lie. I had the female computer greeting installed with the lab. I mean, why not, right?
Inlaid in the walls were some of the most state-of-the-art touch screen monitors to date. Right now each one of the six foot tall by ten foot wide screens were all filled to the brim with my Rome information. The first had longitudes and latitudes and some of the most accurate maps I could find of A.D. 97 Rome. The second had names of famous structures, places and people of that particular date.
The tops of most of the tables in the room were the same touch screen monitors, just laying down. These were easier to access so were employed in basically all my studies. The tables that werent boasting the touch screen top were located at the back wall and were all overflowing with armor and weapons from at least twelve different eras. I approached these and selected my latest edition. The double-bladed axe that Bjourn the Berserker had his best blacksmiths craft for me before my departure yesterday.
I swung it around a few minutes when I heard Evonnes voice buzz over the speakers. I am here, Master Johnson, and I have your sushi tacos.
Admit guest. I said and the steel door slid open. Evonne stepped in with a tray held high. He brought it over to the table with a three-dimensional map of the entire city of Rome glowing green from the monitor and set it right on the coliseum.
Your tacos and the morning newspaper, If you have not seen it, sir. He said
Evonne only brought me the paper if it had something about me in it. This was the custom he had adopted on his own and I must say, it was fantastic. Early on I had made it a point not to read about myself in the paper. Chicago had a bad habit of boasting to the world that the awesome future-telling genius Jericho Johnson lived in their city limits.
But if I had never started reading about all the conspiracy theories around my persona that the newspaper folks liked to think they knew about me, then I wouldnt have had all the laughs that I get out of reading them.
But tonight was different.
So what is it this time? I asked, starting on the sushi tacos. I sacrifice virgins to obtain my sophisticated premonition?
Evonne held up the paper. Something like that.
The front page was of me and five of my students, conveniently all girls, at a local restaurant. We seemed to be laughing and one girl had her arm linked dangerously through mine.
I swallowed my bite and took another crunchy chomp on my taco. It was like a field trip of sorts. I said through a mouthful of sushi and corn chips.
Of sorts? Evonne asked, raising an eyebrow. To Dennys.
I swallowed again and leveled a finger at him. Dont forget your place, butler. I will, like, fire you in a split second.
No you wont. Evonne said and smiled for the first time that evening. Who else would put up with your eccentricities, Master Johnson?
I finished my first taco and started on the second. Youre right. So it would be a shame to lose you, Mitch. I laughed.
We both chuckled for a second then Evonne became serious. But really, sir your students? It just does not look proper.
What? I asked around my last bite of awesome deliciousness. It wasnt anything, honestly, man. I held up my hands in surrender. Strictly schoolwork stuff. So whats the headline say?
Evonne scanned it with an uninterested glance. Something about a prophet-pimp from Chicago oh and they mention your familiarity with Mr. Gates, sir.
I stood, shaking my head. Dude, this town sucks, Mitch. Is there no decency?
In America? No, sir. Evonne decided to throw in.
I moved the tray off the three-dimensional map, watching the coliseum phase back into life again. Yes. Well have to see if the Romans were anymore decent.
But as I looked at the coliseum, the most infamous thing about the said Romans, I knew that the answer to their decency was no.
To work, then. Evonne said to me, taking off his long tailed coat and rolling up his sleeves.                                                      
After a few hours of sifting through all the information we had about A.D. 97, Evonne proposed the brilliant idea of going back to A.D. 98 instead. Cornelius Tacitus, Roman historian and senator, finished two whole books that year, Master Johnson. And Emperor Nerva died and was succeeded by Trajan.
Are the books obtainable? I asked.
Possibly. And the celebration for a new emperor would not be one to miss, sir. He said, swiping his hand over the screen to scroll through his list of events. Trajan also went to Germania the same year and defeated the Bructeri, returning as a hero. What a busy little emperor. Yet another glorious celebration
I had mapped out my landing spot in the city, choosing some grassy flats on the outskirts. What? Did you think I would blindly appear somewhere in the great city of Rome? No. Not a good idea. My glove was able to just land me anywhere but would land me in exact places when the correct longitudes/latitudes were punched in. Well only need a moment or two with the books. Just make sure we have a digital camera. I said this purposely and watched Evonnes reaction.
He had his back to me but turned his head slightly. Master Johnson, did you say we?
I smiled and walked to his table. I did indeed, Mitch. I slapped him gently on the shoulder, I need a hand on this one and, who knows, maybe well get to use all that combat training youve been pouring into my head again.
He nodded simply, as if I had just asked him to ride with me across town instead of time and space. Then he added, I hope we do not have to use any combat training whatsoever, Master Johnson. Rome is not the best place to have a good knowledge of such things, sir, and after Nero...
Yeah, yeah, I remember Nero.
I walked to the bulletproof glass case that held my white metallic glove, spinning on a turnstile like a show car. Well then, I said, taking the glove out and slipping in on my right hand, wincing a little as the tiny jolt of electricity hummed on the veins in my wrist. Within a few seconds my heart rate and temperature appeared on the screen. Well just have to nip that it the bud, now wont we? I said, pointing a ridiculously sharp finger at the coliseum.

Chapter 4



The roar of the seventy-thousand Roman citizens was deafening. Literally. Evonne and I blended in pretty good in our scholarly robes in the upper section of the coliseum. No one noticed us as we both produced a pair of earplugs and put them in. Not that they helped that much but at least our eardrums didnt feel like they were about to burst.
And they said rock music was the number one damaging thing for ears. Im guessing whoever came up with that statistic had never watched a bloodbath unfold in a coliseum filled with eager bloodthirsty Romans.
As we watched the scene unfold before us and the body count started to rise, or drop might be a better term. Because the more men that fell let the viewers know that their entertainment was almost at an end, it made me somewhat proud to be an American.
Obtaining money in such places was never easy and Rome had been no exception. After wasting two precious hours at the market and doing a little jumping back a day or two- Evonne and I had been handed enough money to purchase almost everything we needed for our expedition by a few truly perplexed merchants. Which mainly consisted of robes and sandals. I pocketed the remaining denari and had set out for the arena with Evonne close behind.
Getting in wasnt hard after a quick cash flash and a comment about the two of us being part of the senate, we had been ushered to some of the best seats to watch the sport.
I mean, if thats what you want to call it.
Let me just go on record here to say this: blood and sand mix a little too good. For real. After a few minutes the hot sun coupled with the hot sand results in a large dark brown spot thats usually accompanied by the body of some poor shmuck that has just given his last breath all for the sake of entertainment.  
So am I proud to be an American? Yes. Yes, I am.
I glanced over at Evonne and noticed that he was watching the spectacle with a shockingly cavalier attitude about the whole thing. Then I remembered that he used to be a major league black ops dude. No doubt hes seen stuff almost this bad. Maybe even worse. This wasnt the case for me and I was beginning to regret my rashness in coming to the arena at all. Dont get me wrong, my travels havent left me unscathed and yes, I have seen folks killed.
The crusades were rough times. Too rough to explain in a few pages in a history book. I had stayed in the Holy Land almost the whole first month prior to getting my glove. I became a squire the first day and was working for a good natured Englishman by the name of Sir Rodney of London. The real article, that guy was. From London and everything. After he'd taught me the basics of swordplay for a few weeks our camp had been attacked by raiders.
Please try and understand that I am a twenty-four year-old almost billionaire with severe fan boy like tendencies.
So at the first shouts of an attack, I had ran out of my tent shirtless and brandishing my claymore and red-crossed shield. I discovered that my glove had a grip like a crocodiles jaws as I clenched the hilt of my broadsword and waited for the oncoming enemies.
I totally blame my inner nerd for the two lives I took that night. Had I been thinking clearly, I wouldve just zapped back to the windy city at the first signs of attackers. But I hadnt been thinking at all, much less clearly.
Watching the blood hit the sand now and turning my head away just before the inevitable decapitation of the sod on his knees clutching at the deep stomach wound that had just been issued by the beheader, I recalled the surreal, primeval feeling that had gripped me that night and had been the cause for my sword swinging true twice.
Upon arriving back to Chicago the next day I had swore to myself not to be so foolish again. Will I defend myself if someone is trying to hurt me? Yes. Will I kill someone I meet in my travels if theyre trying to kill me? Not if I can help it.
The crowd started shouting louder, if that was even possible, to the winning gladiator to not end it too quick. At least thats what I gathered do to the immense theatricality the victorious gladiator was flaunting to the maniacal crowd. He put a hand to his ear as if he couldnt hear what they were screaming at him then nodded knowingly after a few seconds. He knew exactly what they wanted.
He rolled his neck once before swinging at the mans throat, hitting the jugular vein. I didnt need my earpiece in to know what the audience had been shouting. This was what the crowd came to see. Not just death. No that wasnt good enough for them.
But shockingly visceral, mega-bloody, all-out-gore was what they wanted.
I had turned my attention to anywhere else but the scene before me, not caring to see the winner who was probably holding his arms up to receive the bloody shower that no doubt was already happening do to the reaction from the spectators.
Somehow I kept thinking that all those times of playing God of War should have prepared me for this. But it didnt. This made God of War look like Winnie the Pooh.  
Master Johnson, it seems the match is over. Evonne shouted next to my ear to be heard over the roar of onlookers. Perhaps we should make ourselves scarce.
Upon exiting the arena we headed west, roughly in the direction of the house of the senate, if the map on my glove was correct. The passing people were all talking about the last match. It resembled, to me, the way teens talk about how awesome a movie they had just seen was as they exited a theater. This notion was increased due to the teens we saw swinging imaginary swords at one another and talking about the highlights of the arena.
Side note: Rome is was pretty much the most amazing place Ive ever traveled to. Coming from the guy who has personally watched the first stone of the great wall of China being laid into place and also witnessed the birth of Charles I,in the same day, might I add.
But seriously, Rome was awesome. I never really worried about people seeing my glove in my travels. I mean, yes, it is the most advanced gadget ever invented so far, but I never had anyone so far try and lift it. Good thing for them, too.
Oh yeah. I guess this is probably the best time to tell you that the glove I keep going on about wasnt exactly made in 2012. Yes. This is the best time to tell you that. Is it the best time to tell you when, exactly, it was made and how I, the genius prodigy who graduated college with a masters degree in history at the age of twenty-two had come to obtain it? Not so much.
Suffice it to say that Ill tell you about all that later. Maybe
The streets were packed with Roman citizens going about their Romanly ways doing whatever it is that Romans happened to be doing at that time of a day in the great city of Rome.
Did I mention that I was in Rome?
It was A.D. 98 on a beautiful Thursday afternoon.
The day my perfect time-traveling life completely went to pot. The day I finally met her.
I should have been more alert, I guess. I mean, as I look back on it I can see that I really should have been paying more attention to my surroundings. Im also guessing that you know now that whatever horrible shenanigan my butler and I got into on that fine Thursday afternoon in A.D. 98 didnt cost us our lives because Ive just told you that I learned a good life lesson from the experience.
No. We didnt die. But I still to this day dont know how.

Chapter 5



We had walked for almost five minutes when the beginning of my end took place.
Master Johnson. Evonne said, placing a hand on my shoulder.
I could tell by his tone that he was calling a problem to my attention and I turned to him. Whats up, Mitch?
He nodded ahead of me and I glanced back the direction wed been walking, scanning the moving crowd. Thats when I first saw her. Maybe it was because she was the only person in the crowd who seemed to be watching us. Or it could have been that she was paler than most of the tanned citizens. Her jet black hair, perhaps?
But Im thinking it was mostly because she was wearing a black leather jumpsuit with high heeled boots that reached her knees. She was also walking straight toward us.
Great. Some Dark Angel wanna-be come to call on the time-traveling ba-jillionaire.
What should we do, Master Johnson?
Like I said before- we almost died that day. Mostly because I, yes I just said that, was too stupid not to see danger when it was swaying up to me on four-inch heels.
Lets see what the broad wants, I guess, Mitch. Then, with my voice dropped, Just keep your guard up.
See? I guess I wasnt totally stupid back then.
When the woman came to a stop in front of us I could see she was in her late twenties and probably had been divorced a few times, already. Either that or her face just had a natural scowl that told all that she was hard to do business with. After she had stopped in front of us and had scowled at us for almost ten seconds, I decided to break the ice.
Nice suit, toots. Except that Cat-Woman called and said she wants it back.
Okay. Maybe I could have been a tad nicer on the first meeting. But after finding out her motives, Im extremely glad that I wasnt. At least not for a while
She smiled, and I must confess, she was pretty hot. In a kind of looks-like-she-could-kill-you-with-a-phone-cord kind of way. I had instant visions of this and had to fight the involuntary urge to take a step back from the menacing woman.
So how has Rome treated you thus far, Mr. Johnson? Been to the arena? She asked with an odd amount of malice and calm.
Glad to see you know how to refer to your betters. Mitch, get a load of this chic. Mr. Johnson. I love it. I chuckled, pointing at the woman while elbowing my partner in time. Ha. See my little joke there? Sometimes I just crack myself up
The woman seemed not the least bit bothered by my sarcasm, which worried me some, I must confess. Mainly because I knew that probably only a robot could take my wit. Thats a little Jericho tip for you guys. You might want to log that away for future reference.
Ha. Future reference. Get it? No? Just never mind
I can see you find yourself very clever, she stated consulting her Oh, God. She was wearing a glove just like mine! Wait, no. Upon closer inspection, which was just me narrowing my eyes at it while my mouth gaped open like a complete retard, I could see that it was somewhat different.
Nice piece, lady. I said conversationally, Mind telling daddy where you got that?
She looked up from her glove screen long enough to give me a you did not just say that to me look before rolling her eyes and flicking them back to her screen. God, youre just full of those, arent you?
I smiled. You have no idea. So she wasnt a robot after all. Jericho, one. Creepy chic, zero.
In case you have forgotten--I. Am. Awesome.
Then I suddenly felt like I was being pulled over by some female time cop and it really got under my skin. Im not going to give her a point because her very presence annoying me didnt count on the game of wit. At least thats what I still tell myself to this day.
So, lady, how long is this going to take? I said in a bored tone. I could feel Mitch behind me coiled tight, ready for anything and I was glad he was there.
Which part? She asked, closing out whatever she was leafing through on her glove and looking at me, her head cocked a little to the side. The getting back the glove you stole part, or the kicking your millionaire butt part?
Thats billionaire, babe, I said, glancing around. And if thats all you have to offer I think Ill be on my way. Tootles. I tried to step past her but she got in my way again and held up her gloved hand. Hey, left handed glove. Cool.
I dont think you understand exactly what Im saying to you. She began, Let me try this again. I heard the unholy hum emanating from her glove and knew that she had an awesome mega hotshot, too. And just when I was beginning to feel so special
I was ordered to retrieve the glove from you at any cost. Your life means nothing.
Okay, guys. I know that you dont want to believe that awesome Jericho is guilty of stealing some Twenty-Second century technology and that this chic is really the good guy trying to take back what was rightfully hers. Emphasis on the word was. But all you can know at the moment is this: I didnt steal it.
Hey! I said, looking super excited and beaming at her while holding up a gloved finger. Heres an idea...
Then she was out cold on the cobblestones. What? She, like, threatened my life, dude. You think I have a problem punching some psycho-chics lights out after she basically says shes going to kill me? Not hardly.
Times up, Mitch. I said sadly, while stepping over psycho-chics crumpled body, I hear the windy city calling our names.

Chapter 6



Of course I couldnt just zap back to my mansion in Chicago. No. That wouldve be too easy. For me and also for whoever psycho-chic happened to be working for. So after Evonne and I had ducked into an alley way, well, not an actual alley way, because Rome didnt exactly have those. This was a close space between two large structures, I had punched in a date and hit enter. Then I grabbed Evonnes shoulder and watched his feet begin to vanish.
My feet were also disappearing, this being what always started going first. It took a good awesome ten to fifteen seconds for our whole bodies to slip from Rome.
Let me point out that I have never, to this day, let the feeling of jumping from one time to another become common to me. Especially when we jump from a good eighty degree weather into a almost freezing climate.
The weather was what changed mostly because we hadnt jumped to another place but simply just another time.
The Holy Roman Empire, year of our Lord, 1228. Right at the start of the sixth crusade which was led--well, not really, because it took him years to get off his lazy royal butt and actually accompany the troops he had sent--by Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor and quite the troublemaker.
He did most of his crusading back about eight years ago during the fifth crusade. But he was also at diplomatic war with the papacy. Big no-no for a Roman Emperor, let me tell you. 1220 was the date of his actual coronation but he was really leading the country before that. No, history will tell you otherwise. But I know different.
The streets were covered with snow as we made our way across it, shivering in our white robes. What is the date, Master Johnson? Evonne inquired while trying to keep his teeth from chattering.
Late Ja-January, 1228. I told him, trying, to no avail, might I add, to keep my own teeth from clacking together. Cmon, Mi-Mitch. Pull yourself t-t-together I somehow at the time found our current situation extremely hilarious and began laughing as we walked along the white streets.
Ive been dr-dreaming of a wh-white Italy, I crooned through my drumming teeth while smiling like a maniac. Not far now, Mitchy. I know a guy we can get some gear from. And if a guard happens to ask you anything about the Emperor, be sure to answer him back that the pope was right to excommunicate him and rocks for it. Again.
Evonne nodded. Not that I needed to remind him that the good Frederick II had actually been excommunicated on four different occasions and was even referred to as the antichrist by Pope Gregory IX.
The streets were pretty much deserted. Good thing, too. I forgot that after the riots due to the second (or was it the third?) excommunication a curfew had started. So after ducking behind abandoned carts and into dark alleyways, which Rome had decided to apparently adopt sometime later, to avoid the patrols we reached our destination.
Our safe haven.
A semi-small hovel of sorts right off the street. Though it was late, even by partying Chicago standards, the place was bustling with activity. The only window flickered brightly from the many candles and considerably large fireplace.
I had discovered a long time ago just how very safe taverns were. I mean, these lowlife places had it all, man. Not only that, but it seems that the only thing that has changed since the first caveman bar is the installment of a television somewhere in the 1900s. But the overall atmosphere hasnt changed one bit.
You cheat! Screamed a man, leaping up from his chair at a table and pulling a dagger. I will cut your tongue out.
See? Later on down the road theyll be threatening the same thing about the TV
Evonne was right behind me as we entered the warm tavern. Ill go ahead and let you know that we stuck out like a sore thumb. Two guys wearing senate robes, in the middle of winter, walking into the un-holiest place this side of the holy city. Not only that, but there hadnt been a senate in over twenty years or so. Geez. How do I get into these things? Oh, thats right. Im the one and only time-traveling ba-jillionaire.
Who also happens to pride himself on being quite the talker.
Evening, guys, I said, giving them all a little wave. We robbed these from a couple of shmucks by the south gate. Get a load of these things, I added while grabbing a handful of white to show the bunch. This seemed to do the trick because the whole lot of them fell over laughing and sir dagger-a-lot even put away his weapon with a smile.
Evonne and I received slaps on the back all the way to the bar where a smirking man who was missing his left eye and a couple of fingers stood behind it wiping what was left of his hands with a rag.
Jericho, Jericho he said, still smirking. To what do I owe this honor?
I sat on a stool and exchanged fist-bumps with him. You know me, Seth. I was just in the neighborhood and thought Id drop by and see how things were getting along on your end of the world.
Seth smiled, then cut his eyes (or, eye, I guess) at Evonne who had just sat next to me. After a second or two of inspection he raised an eyebrow at me.
Hes with me, I reassured him. Evonne, meet Seth. The one-eyed, seven-fingered phenomenon of the Roman empire.
Seth bowed dramatically. At your service.
Evonne nodded grimly and glanced around the rest of the room. Charmed.
Ignore him, Seth. I said, Hes a tad nervous right now. What with all the riots and curfews and whatnot.
Yes it seems our liege has gone and got himself cast out by the church once again. Seth chuckled. So what kind of trouble are you in this time, boy?
Hey, I said, One, dont call me boy. Two, what makes you think Im in trouble?
The Romans eye had a glint in it when he smiled. Poor lighting in the hovel, I was guessing. Do you ever drop by for anything else?
I watched him closely. The Papal States need a little insight at times, buddy. Which brings me to the reason I pay you.
Seth shrugged that off. I suppose. Follow me. He lifted the bar entrance so we could follow him to the backdoor. A backdoor that led to a frozen walkway, which led to a snow-covered cabin-like object, which we entered.
The one-eyed man lit a candle. Sorry for the cold. Had I known you were going to be spying right in the middle of complete anarchy I would have lit the fire.
No worries, Seth, I said, rubbing my hands together and ignoring the man's sarcasm. Well need some new clothes as well.
Swords?
A battle-axe would suit me better. If you cant find a good one a gladius will do. With a wooden handle, though, not that ivory junk. Evonne will have the longest sword that these short-sword-loving Romans have around here. Seth was nodding, making mental notes.
No shields, then?
Maybe--if you guys didnt use shields the size of a Hummer.
Seth gave me a confused look. Oh yeah. I always forget. Er the size of a chariot.
Well, they are rather large
I know. Well make do without them.
Seth left us in the cold shack to go collect our list. We ended up both sitting close to the candle, holding our hands next to the flame. Not that it warmed us any but it made us feel better all the same. I took this time to explain our standings in the Year of our Lord, 1228. We were spies for the Papal States and Seth was our traitor accomplice who was aiding our goals. I had started this charade a while back and returned every so often, mainly just check up on Seth.
And to hide from crazy psycho-chicks trying to kill me.
It took Seth about two hours to grab our gear, of which, might I add, contained not one battle-axe. The one-eyed man apologized more than once for this and kept saying he hadnt seen a good axe in years. To which I pointed out that if the Papal States won the war there would be battle-axes for all.
I tested the balance of my gladius. Romans. You never had to worry about the lack of glamour with these dudes. It was still an awesome short sword to be sure, though. Seth had somehow managed to uproot a long broadsword from somewhere for Evonne.
Had I known that you had such a variety of weaponry, I wouldve put an order in for a claymore or two. I muttered.
Sorry, Jericho, Seth said, shrugging. That was left by some traveler many years ago. Figured itd do better service with you two than letting it rust in a corner.
The clothes he scored were black wool and pretty comfy, for wool, I mean. Once we shucked our robes and donned the new get-ups we said goodbye to Seth and departed with our new weapons in tow.
I know what youre thinking. What? He said that he almost died on that day, didnt he? Wheres the bloody chaos, man?
See? Told you I knew what you were thinking. I am pleased to inform you that it never came down to bloody chaos just then. And by just then I mean making it back to the street and walking for almost five minutes to the city gates. No action to speak of in that peaceful, snow-covered walk.
Only after we exited the city did the bloody chaos hit.
And you thought you were reading a kids book
Psycho-chick saw us before we saw her, if the crater in city gate the size of a watermelon was anything to go by. The blue streak of lightning tore the hole when it missed my melon by almost three feet.
Evonne dashed to my left, leaving me. Smart guy, that one. Thinking back on it, I could see that he was splitting up hoping that two targets was better than one if you happened to be rooting for the said targets, that is. Of course right then it took me a few seconds to get over the initial shock of my pal leaving me before I kicked into action.
I darted the opposite direction and hit a button on my glove. So she wanted to play with electricity, huh? Psycho-chick was about thirty yards ahead of me when I swung my hand up to return fire. My bolt struck home. That is to say that it struck her but she jerked up her own glove and my bolt was deflected off of was that a force field?
Great. And just when I thought my day couldnt possibly get any worse.
Cheater, I called automatically.
Psycho-chick laughed and snapped her gloved fingers. Sparks shot everywhere from the friction. Where is your friend?
I guess she figured that I wouldnt fire anymore bolts because she started glancing around looking for Evonne. Guess no one told her how trigger happy we full-blooded Americans were. Shield or no, I wasnt about to just sit there. I rushed her, firing a bolt and holding the blue stream on her stupid shield which she had thrown up.
Holding a steady flow of the blue electricity had a downside as well as upside. The down being that, in the event that I were to hold the stream for more than twenty seconds, my glove would start smoking. Not a good sign at all.
The upside though is that I look totally wicked while doing it.
Psycho-chick watched my mad dash but Im thinking she really couldnt do anything about it. Partly because she didnt do anything and partly because of how mad she looked when I stopped the stream just before I barreled through her shield, which, might I add, wasnt designed to keep out loads of testosterone, adrenaline and pure awesome, into her.
When I say I went through her shield and my rushing body hit her, Im not saying I performed a beautiful hurricane kick to her face. Not saying that at all. You need to get with the program, whoever you are. I mean what I say.
All thoughts of finesse abandoned, I leaned into my dash and planted my shoulder right into Psycho-chicks stomach. I also made a mental note never to tackle someone like that again because Im pretty sure that we were both equally hurt in the whole ordeal.
Evonne had been planning some kind of sneak attack on her, or something, but to be honest, I think my lineman maneuver through a monkey wrench in that whole plan. He found the two of us writhing on the ground in pain. Me clutching at my shoulder while Psycho-chick held her stomach with one hand and tried to hold up her gloved hand to attack. I was also starting to think she had on some kind of body armor, or something, because I was really aching after our bout.
Evonne Mitchells, being the ever-gentlemanly man that he was, planted a boot on her glove and crushed it into the snow. Who are you working for? He inquired.
Wow, but that guy gets to the point. Not only that, but he was being pretty calm about that whole shenanigan. Dont get me wrong. I pride myself on being among the most cavalier of dudes, but not when someone was trying to kill me. All my cavalierliness (yeah, pretty sure thats not a word) went out the emotional window when Psycho-chick showed up with all her threats to my well-being.
Summed up I guess you could say Jericho lost his cool for a few seconds.
Yeah, who? I shouted too loudly while I struggled to my feet, still holding my shoulder. Tell them I want to put in an order for your annoying force field and body armor.
Psycho-chick glared up at me while she grabbed at Evonnes boot with her free hand. She wasnt trying to get away so Im thinking that human reflex was to blame. I also figured that if some ex-hitman had my hand smashed into the snow Id probably grab aimlessly, too.
Im not wearing body armor, fool She muttered.
I decided then and there that a change of subject was in order. Thats all I needed was my curiosity as to why her abs felt like a brick wall to be discussed in the freezing elements.
Grab her, Mitch. Lets take her back to the safe house.

Chapter 7



So, I began, Lets just all take a step back and breathe. I took a deep breath, let it out, then glanced at Evonne and Psycho-chic, wondering why they werent following my lead.
After staring at them for too long, they both seemed to get the idea and took a deep breath themselves. Thats better, right? We all feeling good now?
Evonne shrugged while Psycho-chic glared at me. Im getting really tired of saying Psycho-chic- jeez, there it is again. Here, let me clear that part up real quick.
So whats your name? I asked Psy- uh, the woman.
Whatre you going to do, Jericho, Google me?
I narrowed my eyes at the bound woman, who, on the closer inspection I made of her whilst either tackling her or tying her hands behind her back, wasnt really a woman at all. Old enough to buy alcohol, I was thinking. But barely.
Oh, Im sorry. You somehow havent realized that youre tied up and arent in control anymore. Sarcasm. Thatll have the lady loving you, Mr. Johnson. Maybe if she hadnt been snippy first things wouldve been a tad different in our little discussion. Evonne and I decided that her glove needed to come off ASAP so we removed it right after our tumble in the snow.
She didnt produce a knife or gun or anything so I was hoping that maybe her precious glove was the only defense she had.
So thats a no on your name?
Chloe.
I blinked at her and pursed my lips. Are you serious right now?
Whats wrong with Chloe? Chloe asked, perplexed and agitated at the same time.
Oh, nothings wrong with it. Im just finding it hard to believe thats really your name, is all. I laughed, I mean, cmon now. Youre like German, or something.
Oh yeah. I guess I forgot to mention that she had an accent on her. Sorry. I mustve not heard it over the sound of her trying to kill me.
Russian, imbecile. Chloe spat, sounding very Russian indeed. Well, she was understandable, anyway. I mean, her Russian wasnt extremely thick, lets say.
To be honest she had just enough of an accent to be hot.
But just dont you forget that she was trying to kill me. Because I sure didnt.
Russian, German pretty much the same thing, I told her, mainly just to get under her skin. Your nationality doesnt really interest me right at this moment.
Chloe glared at me. Get used to hearing that because she glared a lot. It should, considering Russia created the glove youve been using for your little joyrides through time.
Hmm. Wasnt really expecting that. Granted, I knew that whoever had invented it couldnt have been American. Not to sound unpatriotic or anything, but Americans really just let other countries create the awesome stuff and then pounce on the idea. I could already see off-brand time-traveling gloves at Wal-mart
Let me guess, it was your father who is dead now or something equally as lame and overdone, I shot back.
Then three things happened.
First, the Russian girl by the name of Chloe began crying. The second thing was that I felt instantly like a cretin. The third was Evonne giving me a withering look, letting me know that if I didnt already feel like a cretin, which I did, then I should. What? How was I supposed to know
Since the alleged Chloe was indeed trying to kill me, just putting a comforting arm around her shoulders wasnt going to cut it in this case. So she cried while I stood with my hands on my hips examining the ceiling. This only lasted a minute or so, thank God, and after Chloe had finished she stood, trying to wipe her eyes with a shoulder with no success.
Then, you guessed it, she glared at me. Arent you just smug, then? She began, a smile coming to her lips. And not the good kind of smile, might I add. It was the kind that let you know whatever else the smiler had to say was something you probably didnt want to hear.
Chloe took a step toward me and she was so menacing, I believe that was the word I used to describe her on our first meeting, I took a step back. Wait- didnt that happen too?
You just do whatever you want and never tell yourself no. Anyone thats not you only comes into your mind when you have the inkling to show off. You are, without a doubt, one of the most self-centered, impulsive, unfeeling human beings I have ever encountered.
I hate to say that everything she said was pretty much true. But at the time, I really didnt feel like being lectured by some Russian chic.
Thats just it, Chloe. You dont know me. Weve known each other for about I glanced at the time on my glove, four hours now. And only had contact for, like, thirty minutes of that. So you can keep your life-lesson speeches for someone youve actually met before. Evonne laid a hand on my shoulder.
Master Johnson
Chloes smile vanished halfway through my rant but one side of her mouth twitched a little when Id finished. She looked like whatever she was thinking about was either annoying, amusing, or both. Actually we have met before.
What?
Thats when I finally took note of Evonnes hand. I glanced at him with a frown.
The paper yesterday morning He said.
Then it all came back. I closed the small gap between Chloe and I and reached for her face, turning it sideways. Mona? I asked, then instantly felt stupid. But of course she was Mona. Funny how a teacher as awesome with details could miss one of his students when all she did was lose her glasses and dye her hair.
Just so you know, I muttered, taking a step back and pointing an accusing finger at the imposter. If you dont kill me before I make it back to Chicago, I am so failing you.
Oh, please dont fail me, Mr. Johnson. She gasped, wide-eyed, I just dont know what Id do if my peers from the year 2340 found out I flunked 2012 history.
I cut my eyes at Evonne, You wouldnt by any chance happen to have a gag of some kind on you, huh?
The butler shook his head. Not at the moment, Master Johnson.
Will you please stop with the Master Johnson, Chloe decided to cut in, really making the whole no-gag situation that much more annoying.
Listen, Mona, I said, glaring at her. Great. Now she had me glaring. If I paid you almost a million dollars a year to drive my limo and change my sheets, youd call me master, too. So zip it.
I dont know, Chloe said with a cocked head, Id have to look at your sheets first.
Yeah. That was enough.
So whats to keep me from convincing my extremely devout homies that youre a traitor to their cause and require immediate termination?
Chloe laughed at that, What? You think youre the only one with homies in different eras?
Id like to think so.
You thinking is a recipe for disaster.
Your face is a recipe for disaster.
You didnt think so at Dennys.
I-
Wow. Why am I even telling you this part? I mean, it really happened, but I just dont like me not being in control. Whatever. Details. Its all about the details. Remember that, whoever you are.
I heard we made the front page, Chloe said, smiling. Did my hair look alright?
You mentioned something about the year Twenty-Three- what? Twenty-Thirty something? I said, trying to change the subject.
2340.
Yeah, that. Is that where youre from?
Chloe was smiling too much now. It would seem she was having way more fun than a lady tied up by two guys should. Just saying. 
And why would I want to cooperate with you again? She asked.
I sighed. Man, but this chic was tiring. Look, if you promise not to kill me, Ill untie you. Partly because the ropes arent distressing you but mainly so youll answer a few questions.
Chloe eyed me for a few seconds. Then said, And if I choose to not answer your questions?
I shrugged. Im feeling generous so I might not take your glove with me when I split if you just answer my freakin questions.
That got her attention. Good. Finally
Ask your questions then, Jericho, She said.
Awesome. Evonne, the ropes? Once her hands were freed she sat down cross-legged on the dirt floor and rubbed her wrists. I sat down opposite her the same way. Why, you might ask? Well, you might not. I hope you dont because I truly dont know why I did it, either.
Start with whoever invented the gloves.
Chloe started braiding her black hair. Thats a statement.
I just stared at her. Are you really serious right now?
She laughed. No. Youre just funny when you get your feathers ruffled. She was halfway done with her hair when she actually started, My father, Dr. Atrium Sparks, was the one who discovered this phenomenon. He spent a good part of his life searching for it and finally stumbled on it in 2335.
Dont ask me what makes these things work. She pointed to my glove for emphasis. It's a long story and I don't want to go into it.
I know what the outside is made of, I ventured, Other than that you know way more than I do.
The glove you happened upon is the first of the only three in existence. A year after the gloves creation, my father finally decided that it could never fall into the wrong hands and made it vanish.
Chloe stopped her tale and looked at me. Tell me truly- did you steal the glove from my father?
The answer was no, I hadnt mugged her daddy and lifted the Rolex of time off him. But I wasnt sure that I wanted her to know that I was innocent just yet. I guess that all depends what future Russians define theft as.
 Chloe looked at me blankly. Since she wasnt glaring I was starting to feel our relationship was starting to smooth out some. I mean, aside from her trying to kill me, and all. Alright, I said to her. You want the truth? Here it is. I patted my glove. I found this little jewel inside a container made from hard plastic and lead buried in Arizona.
This was, as farfetched as it seemed, completely true. Chloe chewed on her lip in thought, looking ever the cutest while she did it. Geez. Assassin, Johnson. Crazy-pyscho-hitchic from the future, man.
Near Flagstaff? The Russian girl asked.
Now it was my turn to chew on my lip except instead my mouth dropped open like an idiot. Ye-yeah. I stammered falling even more into the pit of idiocy. Howd you, uh, know?
Chloe simply shrugged, Not much left of your country where I come from. Or when I come from, I suppose.
Apparently she was done until she saw my raised eyebrows. Oh. She said, I guess this would be the best time to tell you that America as you know it will be abolished in 2076.
Yeah. Now was probably the best time for that little piece of info.
After the California incident in 2017 your government was in shambles. To be honest, the rest of the world was surprised that the US made it to 2076 to start with.
I didnt ask what the California incident was. Mainly because Im pretty sure I knew what happened. What? Its basically sitting on a sandbar thats infested with pipes full of high explosive gasses, guys. Cmon, now, dont tell me you didnt see that coming
So what does that have to do with Flagstaff? I inquired.
After your government finally collapsed, mother Russia moved in. Ill spare you all the details of the uprisings in 2200, World War four in 2278, and the civil war that is happening in my time right now. Suffice it to say that a planet can only burn so many times, Jericho. Flagstaff, Arizona is one of the few remaining cities left in what was once America.
This was a lot to take in. Like, a severely large amount to take in.
Im surprised that you, with the gloves power, havent ventured into the future. Why is that?
I just shrugged although it was true. From the moment I found my glove and started my expeditions in the past, I had made an unwritten, unannounced rule that traveling too far into the future was off limits. Maybe I just wanted to leave the future to God, I said, trying to sound sarcastic but not pulling it off.
Or maybe youre just afraid, She said, completely seeing through my entire fabricated persona. The same one that Id been cultivating for years. Stupid Russian chic Youre probably telling yourself that your travels are to prove history wrong. When in truth youre really going because you know whats coming. This is just a game to you and history itself is your walkthrough. The only thing youve ever feared is the unknown. Why else would you have started pushing yourself at such a young age to achieve knowledge? To you, knowing how to accomplish something is better than the accomplishment itself.
You have to know whats coming, dont you? Chloe had long since lost her college girl attitude and had once again became the murderous Russian chic. Tell me, Jericho, She said, leaning toward me.
Did you see me coming?

Chapter 8



To say that I was speechless would be, in fact, a lie. Big one. I had lots of things to say to little miss Russia. But, in the end, all I ended up telling her was for her to tell me more about why she was trying to kill me. That sounded like something that needed to be cleared up.
Verde von Klaus.
I frowned, Who has a clown?
Chloe narrowed her eyes at me. Since this still wasnt a glare I was starting to think maybe we were getting on the right foot for once. Verde von Klaus is the name of the man who sent me.
Oh. I nodded slowly. So, I just need to go talk to him, then. Clear this whole misunderstanding up in a flash.
Considering he sent me to kill you, yes Id say things would be cleared up in a flash at your meeting, said the Russian girl.
So why the college girl ruse? I asked her, Youve been in my class for like-
Six months. Chloe decided to finish for me.
I glared at her. Geez, I just cant escape all the glaring.
Thank you, Sherlock. However would I have remembered that little tidbit. I muttered.
Chloe smiled at that before finally telling me what I wanted to know. Shrugging, she said, I had to find out if you even had the glove in the first place.
What? I mean, I understood, but I thought I was the picture of carefulness. Upon my stating this, Chloe suddenly burst out in peals of laughter. So the future predicting, all knowing, history loving billionaire was careful? After she got the reigns pulled back on her funny horse she said, The people of your time were easy to fool because they know nothing of true suffering. Sure, America has had their share of sticky situations, but in the end they always came out on top. Now theyre presented with someone who can, to them, predict the future. Should they embrace this new found superman, or pick apart every detail to find out whats really going on because, of course, men arent capable of feats such as these?
I couldnt answer that, which I guess was what Chloe wanted because apparently she wasnt finished.
Have you ever heard of the Butterfly Effect?
Of course, I answered, Great movie. Although the ending wasnt the best.
It was rather odd, Id say. Evonne threw in.
Fools. Chloe muttered, shaking her head causing Evonne and I some comfort. Finally, another point for us. What? Youre thinking that I havent been keeping up with Russias points? Oh, you werent thinking that? Uh, then never mind
Yes, I know about your theory that relates to trampling innocent insects. Whats your point? I said.
My point, Chloe said, Is that on one of these field trips of yours, sooner or later, you will step on a butterfly.
Okay. Id had enough lecturing to last me the rest of my life. Good point, miss Mona, I said in my best history teacher voice, Now I think its time for you to listen to me. I finished, and stood.
First off, America has been through plenty, sweetheart, so forgive me for telling you to keep your Twenty-Fourth century rants to yourself. And, oh yeah, Russia is one of the most bountiful countries on the planet. But since you guys had a few nut jobs like Stalin at the helm youve been through oh so much woe and sadness. I said that last part with as much animation and sarcasm that someone could possibly pour into a subject and still be taken seriously.
And his little famous saying all you Russian folks like to throw around that states, The death of one man is a tragedy, death of a million is a statistic, wasnt even said by him. It was said first by a German writer and sideline pacifist named Erich Maria Remarque.
Chloe didnt like being a college girl anymore if her darkened facial features and the almost visible steam coming out of her ears was anything to go by. So youve met him, then?
I laughed at that, Yeah, Im just going to go have a cup of tea with one of the most maniacal and murderous of men that history has to offer. No, Chloe, thats just a little Wikipedia for you. I leaned against a nearby post, Secondly, Ive tested out your Butterfly Effect theory myself several times and I have to say, its bogus.
What have you done?
Shrugging, I said, Not much. Punched Da Vinci in the face, made sure that a certain emperor didnt have a fiddle when Rome burnt easy stuff.  
After looking at me for what seemed like a long time, Chloe said, And?
I shrugged again. And nothing. Thats just it. Nothing happened differently.
I That doesnt make any sense. For the first time, the Russian girl looked confused.
Not really, when you think about it. I told her, Weve all just been looking at time the wrong way. Instead of the past being this ever flowing life stream that makes the future possible, its just the past. Look at it like time takes a picture every millisecond, when we go back in time its like stepping on a painted sidewalk. Our presence on the sidewalk doesnt change the painting neither does whatever we do while were there.
Chloe had been listening to this intently, which I was thinking was a good sign. So I guess what Im really trying to ask is, since you and I know that your Butterfly theory is a bust, whats the real reason youre trying to kill me?
"I don't have to kill you. I just need the glove."
I watched her brows furrow in thought as she chewed at her lip a little. After doing this for too long, she finally said, I told you your glove was unique, yes?
I shook my head, You said there were two others and that was pretty much it.
The glove you found was the first my father created. She said, He tried to keep its existence secret but since the whole operation was funded by Klaus, it was only a matter of time before he found out.
Then it all started making sense. Or, about as much sense as a crazy story like this could, anyway. So your dad hid it in the past somewhere near Flagstaff.
Exactly. The construction of the second glove was just for that purpose alone.
Ok. Whoa. Back up, I told her, holding up my glove and pointing at it. So youre saying that your old man built a whole other glove just to hide this one in the past? Explain yourself, little Miss Russia.
Chloe stood and Evonne bristled slightly, a hand flying to his broadsword. Easy, Mitch I said to him.
The first glove possesses two important things that its two cousins lack. Chloe said simply, I can only make one jump in a twelve hour period with mine, whereas you can change times every second should you choose.
I frowned, examining my glove, No kidding?
Not only that, but the first glove is also the only one of the three capable of transporting others simply by touch, whether you are taking them with you or bringing them back.
I stopped checking out my gauntlet of time long enough to give her a horrified look. Bring em back? Like, people from the past to the present?
She nodded.
Wow. I had never in my wildest and most crazy ideas that had to do with time travel even considered doing that. That could be complicated.
You can also move as many people as you want, so long as theyre all connected. Chloe added.
What is your fathers connection with Verde von Klaus? Evonne asked, surprising me.
Klaus is a severely wealthy man who somehow heard about a thesis my father wrote years ago on time travel. Before any of us knew it my father was approached by Klaus who asked him how much it would take to make his thesis possible. Father told him and then we were shipped to a facility in Flagstaff owned by Klaus where my father lacked for nothing.
And how did you fit into all this? Youre like, what, twenty? I asked.
Twenty-two, she corrected me in annoyance, I was twenty when I began helping my father in the lab.
Then she told us the rest of the story. How her father labored over a year before creating the first glove and finding out that Klaus hadnt been playing with a full deck to start with and wanted the glove for reasons that of course Chloe didnt know but were most likely evil conniving ones. Then her father made another one in secret and hid the original, awesome, bodacious one (found by yours truly) in the past.
The only hang up along the way was when Klaus found out about Dr. Atrium Sparks little switcharoo. Thats when Klaus took my father into custody and told me to find the other glove or hed kill him.
So how long have you been searching? I inwardly grimaced when I asked.
Over a year. She confirmed.
Geez." I muttered. What was I supposed to say? Or do?
So all you need is the glove? I asked.
Chloe brightened a little, Youll give it back?
I never said that.
Deflating a little, she said, Yes. Thats all I need.
I sighed. Man, life sucks sometimes. I mean, here I am, the time-traveling, awesome billionaire whos cut short because of some crazy guy from the future with a weird name. Okay, Chloe, heres the deal, we switch gloves. You tell Klaus that the other was destroyed or something but youll have your dads no-kill ticket.
I could tell that Chloe wasnt too thrilled about my plan but she could also tell that she probably wasnt going to get a better offer so she said, Fine. I suppose you and your butler will want to get back to Chicago first?
Thatd rock, yes, I said, Grab your gear, Mitch.
Dont get me wrong, whoever you are, because I wasnt too thrilled about this little arrangement myself. But I was thinking that downgrading was a whole lot better than losing the glove completely.
In exactly one minute, we were all standing together in the center of the shack. Evonne put a hand on my shoulder while Chloe awkwardly placed her hand on my other shoulder.
You kids buckle up, I said, while punching in the date for Chicago.
I guess it wouldnt be too bad. I mean, Chloe would get her daddy back and Mitch and I would still get to be partners in time. That was the plan, anyway.
And like most plans made when time travel was concerned, it didnt work out.
Like, at all.

Chapter 9



Welcome to my humble abode. I said as we appeared in my lab, Make yourself at home. Can I get you anything?
Just your glove. Chloe said, glancing around. Nice collection of weapons you have there.
I know, right? I said, laughing. Just a wee bit of blades, lass.
Chloe looked at me, extending a hand. Seriously, the glove?
Evonne had by this time already placed Chloes glove in the glass case. Or I guess it was my glove now. Okay, Chloe, Im a man of my word.
No youre not.
Okay, not really, but just this once, I am. I removed my glove, gave it a farewell pat, then handed it over to the Russians. Ha. Yet another little bit of wit for you.
Chloe slipped in on easily, then made a face. Gross. Its all sweaty inside.
I crossed my arms, It was either from you trying to kill me the first time, the second time, your hot black leather jumpsuit, or just because of your charming Russian personality. Take your pick.
Guess what she did. If your guess was that she glared at me, you are dead wrong, sir, or maam, maybe. I dont really know or care. But no, she did not glare.
Chloe smiled.
We interrupt this program to bring you the smiling Russian. I chimed in a Bing Crosby voice, throwing my hands toward her theatrically.
Youre insane. She said, although I noticed her smile didnt disappear. I wouldnt care if it was left on a corpse for a year. Im just glad I have it back.
This is a bit of an odd tale, huh? I mean, one minute Chloe's trying to kill me then the next we're laughing together and switching gloves no problem.
Too bad it didn't remain that tranquil.
Stepping a few feet away, Chloe began punching in a date. Thank you, Jericho. Youll never know what youve done for me. Then her smile turned almost sincere.
Feeling kind of sheepish, I just shrugged. I would say anytime, but that would be too much of a pun.
Finishing the date, she hit enter, giving Evonne and I a wave. We returned the wave and waited for little Miss Russia to vanish from our lives for good.
Then she didnt vanish.
Then she didnt vanish again
Wait. That just made, like, zero sense.
The point is she didnt go back to the future.
God, I really am not explaining this well, am I? Okay, start over. Chloe hit enter, waved, but then for some reason did not go forward in time.
Frowning, she glanced at the glove, punching at a few buttons on the touchscreen. After doing this for a second or two, and saying some very not-nice sounding words in Russian, she thrust her gloved hand at me in frustration, Whats wrong with this thing?
You had it in your possession for a grand total of, like, literally twenty seconds, Chloe, and youve already screwed it up? I scolded her while snatching the glove.
I didnt do anything. Youre the one who has had it for so long.
Yeah, but it always worked. I muttered, examining the silver glove. Theres nothing wrong with it. I said, frowning, Maybe it just doesnt like you.
Chloe didnt think that was very funny considering she glar- man, I am really getting tired of saying that
Chloe didnt think that was very funny considering she, uh, you know, did that thing at me before taking the glove back. Please try not to say anything else stupid for the next two minutes.
I narrowed my eyes at her. Note: I did not glare. Distinction. She tried punching in the dates to take her home. When this attempt failed, Chloe lost it, man. Just how much she lost it, I cannot say, really, because I don't speak Russian and, honestly, I'm severely glad I don't because she seemed really upset about the whole glove-not-working-so-now-she-can't-save-her-father thing.
I ducked a sword that had somehow ended up in her hand before receiving the point against my neck as she backed me against the wall,     ! She screamed.
I don't speak Russian! I screamed back, holding my hands up in the air and turning my face away, eyes squeezed shut against her vehemence. I really don't!
  ?! Chloe tried again.
I sighed, opened my eyes, then looked at her. Chloe. I. Do. Not. Speak. Russian. You'll have to threaten me in plain ol' English to get what you want, sweetheart.
Shoulders sagging, Chloe dropped the broadsword, put her hands on her hips, looked into my eyes--then fainted.
I'm going to go with my being too shook up from her threatening my life with a 12th century broadsword to be quick enough to catch her before she hit the marble floor really hard.
Yeah. That's what I'm going to go with on this one.
And not to split hairs nor point fingers, but I didn't see Evonne jumping out like the freakin' Flash and saving her from face-planting the cold floor, either. Not like he was the one about to be decapitated by a crazed Russian psycho-chic... You'd think he would've been quicker on the draw, know what I mean?
Wait. That reminds me...
And where the helheim were you when she snagged a sword and tried to kill your employer, Mitch? Taking a nap, or something?
Since he knew that I was, in fact, shook up, as I so wittingly put it, Evonne didn't even answer.
Yeah, that's my pal, right there. He always knows just what to say. Or just what not to say, rather. I'm afraid madam Chloe will be needing medical attention, Master Johnson. And just like that, back to the awesome butler he is.
No way. I'm not about to have any doctors looking after little Miss Russia from the future. She's probably blood type Z, or something weird like that, anyway. And just like that, I was back to being my old awesome self. Ain't I grand?
I feel compelled to stop here in my tale and reassure whoever it is listening out there that I am indeed awesome. If you don't already know that by now, then stop this story right now, drop your itune way down, go kiss your mother, then go look in the mirror so you can get a firsthand look at what an idiot looks like. (And you also might want to keep going in the story because I get a lot easier to warm up to later. Honestly. Cross my heart and all that nonsense).
Alright. Now that I've weeded out all the non-believers we can keep going.
Well, c'mon, Mitch, don't just stand there. Let's get her up to the house.
See that awesomeness, non-believers? Oh, wait. You're gone already, huh? Nevermind then. Moving on.
Where shall we be taking her, sir?
Shrugging, I picked the crumpled girl up, tossing her over my shoulder like a sack of potatoes. A extremely wonderful smelling sack of potatoes, at that. Funny how you miss how someone smells while fighting them for your life. I don't know. That's you and Louise's thing. I just own the house, remember?
Might I suggest one of the three master bedrooms, sir. They are quite comfortable and also have all the facilities necessary to care for a patient. Evonne was saying while following me to the elevator.
Stopping suddenly before stepping inside it, I turned slightly and asked, How bad is this, Mitch, really?
I waited for him to answer for a few seconds. At first I thought he wasn't going to answer at all and had just started to finish my entrance inside the elevator when I heard him say, If all the girl says is true then I'd say this is indeed bad, sir. He stepped in with me and pressed a button.
That's what I was afraid of. I said.

Chapter 10



Man, chapter 10 already? I am really cranking these babies out. I'm so glad it's just the people who really know that I'm awesome left to hear this story because I feel like I can really let my hair down so to speak.
Chloe ended up sleeping the rest of the night and half of the next day. She might've slept longer had not Louise, my maid and love of my life, not shown up and begin vacuuming the hallway, thus rousing the slumbering Russian monster.
Louise was the best maid ever. Just FYI. She's been with me through the first month of my coming into money and throwing wild parties, to Evonne showing up and somehow letting me know that such parties weren't cool when I housed a time-traveling device in my basement, through my need to somehow discharge a black-powder firearm at least once a day indoors- Louise was always there. I like to think of her as a cooler version of Mrs. Hudson, the old lady that took care of Sherlock Holmes and put up with all his mess.
Actually thought about finding her when she was a teen in the early 70s before and marrying her but figured that if I stole her heart back then she might not be the awesome maid she is today.
So young Louise was off limits in my eyes.
Chloe wasn't in a very good mood upon waking and finding herself in different clothes. My first inclination of her rising was when the elevator door opened and she burst through all fire and brimstone.
"Where are my clothes?"
"Easy there, pilgrim," I said, turning away from the flatscreen I was playing Xbox on, "Next time I lose consciousness you can return the favor and put actual clean clothes on me. Happy now? And don't take this the wrong way, but why're you up?"
Chloe shook her head, pinching the bridge of her nose a index finger and thumb while the other hand went to rest on her hip. I was beginning to think I'd never knew this chic. She was so uptight. Guess your father's life in the balance'll take a toll on you. "Some black woman was cleaning your carpet, or something..."
"Say one more word about my ebony princess Louise, and you can kiss any thought of me helping you goodbye," I told her.
Chloe must not have appreciated my comment because she just shrugged it off and aimed her crazy lazer-beamed gaze at the nearest wall. 
Why arent you working on the glove? She asked sharply.

And what makes you think that Im spending my oh-so precious time trying to fix your ticket home?
Chloe just stared at me. The look on her face wasnt that hard to read. It clearly said, Really?
Shrugging, I turned back to my Xbox, Anyway, its not broken at any rate, I told her, meleeing the helheim out of an unsuspecting bogey on the screen. Did you see that? I laughed, I rock at this game for real. Wanna try?
When I didnt hear her answer I shrugged again, Cant pause in the middle of an online match and not get killed. Give me, oh I checked the kills. Yeah. My team was going to win for sure. About six more kills. Then well talk about your glove.
Miraculously, the enemy team somehow started making a comeback and the kill points got extremely close. Evonne came in with a tray of lunch just as I sniped the last kill. Click click boom, chumps. I yelled, standing and throwing down the controller like a football player, Next time youre in awesomeville, look me up. Oh, thats right- you lost!
A most gratifying win, Master Johnson. Mitch droned behind me.
Think so? I said then stretched. Off. After the screen has powered down I turned around to examine our lunch. What you got, Mitch?
Coney Islands, sir, said my awesome butler, removing the lid of the platter as steam rose from the glistening cheese-covered hot dogs.   
Sweet. But not down here. I swept past Chloe, patting her shoulder, Cmon, little miss Russia. Well take our lunch on the pavilion, Mitch, and have Louise make some hot tea, would you.
Not knowing what else to do, Chloe followed me up to the elevator and climbed in behind me with Mitch behind her. Goodbye, Jericho Johnson, the apparently female voice chimed in.
Same to you, sweetheart, I said as the door closed.
Like Ive mentioned before, my mansion is freaking amazing. Only problem is Im either never there to enjoy it or am too busy in my basement getting ready to leave again. So when I say that there were actually rooms that Id never been inside, I mean it for real.
Unlike the mysterious rest of the house, the pavilion was one of the places Id been. Residing on the third floor and overlooking my fountain bound and glorious back yard, it was my second favorite part of my crib. Once we had seated on the slabs of solid marble benches I swept my hand about the stone white pavilion, Whatcha think?
Chloe hadnt said much since the basement and following suit, she merely shrugged, her face extremely hard to read. The meal was a quiet one, to be sure. What with Chloe poking at her coney with a fork--I know, right? Who eats coney islands with a fork--? and me eating mine like it was my last meal on earth, it was over soon.
Whatre you thinking about? I asked her as Evonne cleared our dishes and Leslie came out with our hot tea. I hope you like Chai tea, Chloe. Im afraid thats all I allow them to keep in stock. I told her as the love of my life placed the tray on the stone table.
With that be all, Mr. Johnson? She asked in her adorable old black woman voice. Really, she was just a treasure.
Thatll be all, fair maiden, I told her, extending a hand. Go now, my dear. Clean my atrocious abode.
Grunting she said, MmHmm. Thats about right, talking about yo house, Mr. Johnson. Then she left.
So, I said, sipping at my tea. You were about to tell me what you were thinking.
My father. She said quietly, And the fact that you dont seem to be the least bit worried about fulfilling your promise.
I held up a hand. Stop right there. One, I have a team on Halo three that needs their Master Chief. And two, I have to eat sometime. Lighten up, chic. Youre the one that slept half the day.
Since she didnt say anything I kept going, Furthermore I was up all night thinking of a plan to get you home and I got to say, I believe the term easier said than done is in order here.
Evonne came out then with both of the gauntlets of time. Standing, I took both of them and sat beside Chloe. Heres the thing, somehow it doesnt work for anyone but yours truly. I told her, patting my glove. Tried it on Mitch and even on Leslie, which, might I add, was horrifyingly absurd of me so dont you go forgetting all that I put in risk to help you. Neither of my employees were able to complete a successful jump so by using the simple and useful process of elimination--"
Chloe stood quickly, cutting me off and walked to the balcony, her arms crossed tightly as she examined my ten acre back yard.
I shot a questioning glance at Evonne who returned the glance with a shrug and slight shake of his head. I tell you, me and Evonne can almost read each others minds at times. Heres a little fragment of our mental conversation at that particular time.
Me: Whats eating her?
Evonne: Not sure. Perhaps the notion that her father didnt tell her everything she needed to know to successfully pull off this mission and now shes about as distraught as she can be with worry that he might actually die and it would be her fault. Not to mention the fact that your devilishly good looks might have her a bit shaken as well.
What? You think I made that all up? And here I thought Id already weeded out all the non-believers
Look, Chloe, I know this isnt exactly going according to plan for you but can I at least tell you my idea?
Without turning around she lifted a Russian shoulder. I stood and walked over to the balcony and stood beside her with my hands in the pockets of my suit pants. Im a bit of freak when it comes to clothes. I figured since I actually was a billionaire I might as well dress like one. The suit I happened to be sporting that day was an Alexander Amosu and cost me a little over one-hundred grand. Just FYI.
Alright, heres the deal, I started, Since the glove isnt working for you, Evonne and I will take you back home. Once were there switching gloves will be a cinch, and my butler and I can be on our merry way.
Chloe had started shaking her head halfway through my verbal bout of brilliance but at least let me finish before speaking, I told you, the second glove cant transport other people.
Oh. Id forgotten that little piece of info. And if youre thinking Id forgotten because I dont listen to other people when they speak because of my extremely self-centered lifestyle
Youre actually right. So kudos, whoever-you-are. Youre catching on fast.
Since Evonne had only accompanied me twice at that time, it wasnt hard for me to alter my plan and tell Chloe that of course we kids would be fine if the old man stayed home just this once.
I got to say, though, that not having my awesome bodyguard/butler with me turned out to suck really, really bad.
Man, I am just full of awesome ideas. But, you know what they say about awesome ideas, right?
Yeah, me neither. Lets just get on with this thing, shall we

Chapter 11



I suppose this would be the best time to inform you that I absolutely hate being rushed into things.
Nay, for such mere words cannot describe the abominable severity of my hatred for being rushed. Tis an unholy passion that burns within my very soul, wreathing my inner being in the flames of animosity.
You know, just saying.
And as much as I hated and hate being rushed, thats exactly what happened after I spilled my plan to Chloe. I guess you can say that she was the one doing all the rushing- which would make more sense considering how much I hate it and the fact that her fathers life hung in the balance.
But to be honest, I was rushing, too. I mean, the thought of seeing what the world will be like in a little over three-hundred years had me buzzing.
The plan wasnt hard, really, and only had one setback, which was that even though Chloe was going to piggyback with me on the jump, her glove would still need the twelve hour recharge once we reached the other side. She gave me a quick spill about how the process of going through time would render the gloves  conductor to be blah blah blah science science science Russian Russian Russian you get the idea. Geez, even in the future stuff locks up.
Im going to skip telling you about the rest of the day, which consisted of Chloe and I preparing for our jump. Now that I think back on it, I really dont see what the big deal was. After taking away the fact that I was traveling into the future with a Russian chic to save her fathers life, it was really just me giving someone a ride home from work, know what I mean?
Where are the guns? Chloe asked after shed finished examining my weapon collection for like the ba-jillionth time.
Let me interject here that Im not a big fan of guns. I mean, dont get me wrong, they have their place but Ive always found them horribly barbaric.
Give me the good ol days when men killed each other with sharpened pieces of metal and their bare hands and Ill leave the gun powder to the real barbarians.
The spill about guns you just heard is exactly what I told Chloe, who snorted, crossed her arms, and said, So, no guns?
To which I curtly replied, Well, I didnt say that. Mitch?
Acknowledging my nod to him, Evonne crossed the room to the far wall, which wasnt boasting a touch-screen monitor, and hit a button. The seemingly bare wall then rotated, exposing guns on top of guns lining the reverse side of the it.
I know what youre thinking. Wow, Jericho. Arent you just awesome because you installed something that has been seen in countless movies for the last fifty years.
The truth is, thats exactly why I had it installed. Im a sucker for the classics. Sue me. But be warned that youre going to be suing a billionaire with a basement full of state-of-the-art firearms. Just saying.
And I suppose my lawyer would want me to also say something like having a permit for every single gun in my basement. So, uh, yeah, I did.
Chloe was like a kid in a candy store as she ran up and down the gun-lined wall while giggling, yes, you heard me right, giggling, like a schoolgirl and it was kind of a funny sight. Then the funny sight became odd/horrifying as I realized that normal girls dont go all crazy over guns. And why did she think Id need a gun in my twelve hour visit, again?
Uh, Chloe? I asked the smiling girl.
Yes? She asked, selecting a sniper rifle and peering through the scope once while aiming at the ground before realizing that she needed something better and started sweeping the room with the extremely dangerous weapon.
Calmly, I placed a hand on the rifle, lowering it. Do you even know what youre twirling around like an idiot?
Lost in her own gun-filled paradise, Chloe didnt hear the coldness in my voice and said, Its an Accuracy International AW50 anti-material sniper rifle. Why?
Wow. The notion that someone other than me having such knowledge was intriguing. And actually kind of hot.
Range? I asked.
1.5 miles.
Year it was engineered?
1999.
Engineered by whom?
Britain.
Man, this chic was good. How about some of the earlier problems with the AW50?
Chloe threw the bolt before explaining, Considering it was basically a mega-version of the L96A1 sniper rifle, which had severe recoil issues, Im going to go with it being basically dangerous to fire.
I nodded but Chloe wasnt finished, Bolt-action and fires a standard 12.7x99mm NATO round and the cartridge holds five shells. It can also fire armor piercing, explosive-tipped and incendiary rounds. The full length is 53.3 inches, 27 of which are the barrel and it weighs thirty pounds total. Not at all suited for a battlefield.
I just stared at her, transfixed. Where had this chic been my whole life? If I kissed you right now would you kill me or just hurt me really bad? I asked.
Chloes smile vanished. I would kill you.
Nodding, I walked to the left side of the wall, Fair enough. I selected an older rifle and turned around, Here. I said, offering it to her, I think youll get a charge out of this.
Chloe returned the AW50 to the wall, taking the rifle from me, glancing at it, then gasping and almost dropping it. She was silent a long time, just peering at it.
Im guessing you know this one, too? I asked.
Its a Dragunov SVD, 1963. Standard automatic sniper rifle issued to the Soviet Union and a few Warsaw Pact nations during the Cold War. The design is based on the Kalashnikov series yet does not have near the harsh recoil of its predecessor. It fires a potent 7.62mm round, has a PSO-1 sight and is 50 inches long including the fixed stock.
Chloe didnt seem as excited about the Dragunov as I was hoping shed be. What with her being Russian and all.
I was, uh, going to let you have it, I said, feeling sheepish. Not at all the feeling I was going for.
No thanks, She said, handing it back to me, Already have one.
Then she turned back to start selecting a few weapons to take on our journey.
What the heck just happened? One minute shes all joyous and gun-loving then the next shes depressed acting? A female upset in my presence?
Not on my watch.
Alright, spill it, Chloe. How do you know so much about weapons when youre, like, the daughter of some renowned physicist?
Okay, I admit it, Im not exactly Dr. Phil most of the time but I do have a way of getting my point across.
Its a long story, Chloe muttered, her back to me.
My favorite, I said, snapping my fingers. Evonne, have us some sushi tacos flown in from LA, please. Well be a while.
Chloe slammed a gun shed been holding back into its rack and whirled around, We wont be a while. Do you not realize that there might actually be some things that you do not have to know?
I held up my hands and was about to tell her to chill and that I didnt have to know but she wasnt finished.
Everyone fights where Im from, Jericho. Im twenty-two years old and there has never been one year of peace, plenty or relaxation. Flagstaff isnt a pretty city filled with malls or restaurants anymore- its a warzone. Its one of the only surviving cities left on the planet and everyone wants a piece. The streets are crawling with  by day and the    by night.
I dont speak Russian. I said for the ba-jillionth time.
The Fascists by day and the Bears by night, she corrected herself before frowning and looking at me like Id just appeared. Since you wont be staying long I dont suppose its necessary to have your brain imprinted.
Wait- what?
So lets go, then. Chloe said, strapping on the holsters of a few handguns she thought worthy enough to bring with us. You do know how to use one of these things if the situation arises, right?
Of course I do. Its just that--
Just what? That you thought this would be another field trip and learning experience? She shot at me.
Yeah, kind of, I confessed, grabbing a Berretta, a sub-machine gun and some ammo. I mean, its been a while since Ive used a gun but I think my rusty skills coupled with a little adrenaline and a dash of not-really-wanting-to-die will be enough to last me twelve hours.
Lets hope so. Chloe said, crossing to the center of the lab. I finished strapping on my guns before following her. She'd by this time changed back into her now clean black jumpsuit and I foolishly was about to go to the future in my favorite expensive suit and black Chuck Taylor's.
Evonne, its seven-thirty. Ill be back at eight expecting my sushi tacos.
It will be done, Master Johnson, my awesome butler replied. Be careful, sir.
I could tell Evonne wasnt really digging the whole Russian occupied America future jump thingy, but I could also tell he knew Id be back at 8:00 one way or another.
I, too, thought that Id be munching on sushi tacos at exactly 8:03, telling my relieved butler of my many futuristic adventures while sporting my downgraded gauntlet of time.
But, as Ive been telling you, whoever-you-are, making plans as far as time travel is concerned, is just about as mental as you can get. If you dont understand, please listen to the next two minutes.
Chloe gave me the coordinates and the exact date while grabbing my shoulder. I punched in the numbers she was feeding me then took a deep breath, Ready?
I was about to ask you that. Chloe said, her hand tightening on my shoulder, This will land us well outside the city near a safe house I know of. Well exchange gloves and youll wait your twelve hours inside of the safe house while I sneak back into Flagstaff.
Well, it seemed I wouldnt be experiencing the battle-riddled streets of 2340 Flagstaff, AZ after all. Shrugging, I hit enter. Its your future, Chloe. Im just along for the ride.
Then we started fading out of 2012 and into 2340. Oh well. I guess it was for the best that I wasnt going to come in contact with any locals. I mean, sure I wanted to check out some sights, but I suppose my whole role here was to help Chloe and not satisfy my desire for knowledge.
Then we were standing in the whitest sand youve ever seen. Wait not sand.
Freakin snow? I growled, wrapping my arms around myself as the white flurries whirled around us, Are you kidding me, Chloe? You couldve suggested a, oh, I dont know, coat, maybe? Or a thermos of hot chocolate-
I never finished my sarcastic rant then because something smallish, roundish and grenadeish landed at my feet.
Seriously? I had been there for a grand total of ten seconds and already had a freaking grenade blinking up at me from my feet?
We interrupt Jericho Johnsons inevitable demise to bring you this public service announcement:
To all my single bros out there: Bad things happen to guys that are too nice. I mean, its true. We try and help people, okay, mostly female people, because were just naturally nice guys. But then there comes a time when your niceness is abused by crazy psycho chic from the future and youre dragged three-hundred years into the future, where its freezing, might I add, and what do you get out of all the nice and helpful things youve been doing? A trophy? Nope. A medal? Wrong. A lollipop? Not even close.
You get a grenade at your feet.
Whew. Glad thats off my chest. I feel tons better after letting you guys all know that, seriously. Youre a great listener, whoever-you-are.
Now, where the helheim was I before the public service announcement? Oh, right, the grenade at my feet.
Hmm. Not much to tell, really, because it seemed that the grenades in 2340 stared at by an idiot not two feet away did the exact same thing that the old fashioned 2012 grenades did when stared at by an idiot not two feet away.
They go boom. Yep, just like the old ones.
And the same thing happens to the said idiot not two feet away, also. Just FYI. And guess who happened to be the idiot at that moment?
Dude. You are really catching on fast

Chapter 12



The explosion was accompanied by a bright blue flash and then I was flying through the air. And not in a cool, Superman fashion, either. It was more of a pinwheel/barrel-roll/oh-my-gosh-that-hurt-so-bad kind of flying through the air.
I landed on my back and skidded a ways before hitting something hard. Groaning, I felt it with my hand. Concrete. Id hit concrete. Wait- didnt Chloe say the safe house was made of concrete?
All thoughts of the flash grenade forgotten, no it wasnt a blow-your-legs-off kind of grenade, I rolled onto my stomach and tried to get to my feet, which was accomplished with the aid of the wall in front of me.
Chloe? I called.
Then a red dot appeared on the back of my left hand, which was resting on the wall. Someone, a man somewhere in the whiteness of snow, shouted in Russian and in seconds more and more red dots appeared, only these were crawling all over my body like insects.
The next belt of Russian I heard sounded harsh and like it was addressing me. Not knowing what else to do, I held up both my hands, placing them behind my head. When my fingers laced together, I felt the cold of my glove and remembered why I was there in the first place.
Where the snarkys was Chloe, anyway? Had I alone survived the flash grenade and her corpse was freezing in the snow somewhere I couldnt see?
I didnt have time to dwell on this long because my attackers materialized from the white blusters of wind in front of me. Man, the visibility was literally about twenty feet. Also something that Chloe couldve mentioned before she had me out here freezing away in my awesome $186,000 suit but since she also could have been dead at the time I shook the thought from my mind.
There were seven of them total and, dude, but were they awesome looking. Im going to attempt to describe a few of these hellions for you.
The first thing that jumped out at me were the helmets, wicked looking things with smoky eyes that glowed florescent red with a hose coming from each side of the mouthpiece and running behind their shoulders, attaching to something I couldnt see. They all wore body armor which- get this- also had sections of it that glowed the same florescent red of the eyes. Veins of the light pulsed up and down the muscular looking arms and legs and all met at the center of the chest piece, which illuminated a symbol in yellow instead of red.
Uh oh. I recognized the symbol instantly.
It was a hammer and a sickle crossing.
I gulped. This day was turning out to be a bad one. The seven demonic looking men were now standing in front of me which gave me a chance to get a good look at their hardware. The guns they were all sporting were like nothing Id ever seen before and, just as I had hoped deep down inside, they looked freakishly from the future.
  ,  . One of them told me, his voice laden with static from the mask.
I dont speak Russian, I told him, shrugging my shoulders while keeping my fingers laced behind my head.
I dont know if youve ever had the chance to speak with a Russian Darth Vader, so let me tell you, theyre hard to read. Not seeing the face was one reason behind it and the language barrier wasnt helping matters.
 ? I heard another ask.
The man whod addressed me first was the only one of the soldiers who never took his glowing red eyes off me while the other six glanced at each other and exchanged Russian questions and answers to one another. I could tell they were puzzled by something. Well, at least the six jabber-mouths were, to be sure. The man whod decided that a staring match was in order wasnt partaking of the confused talk and I was starting to feel more nervous about my little shenanigan.
Then Mr. Stare held up a clenched fist, silencing his chattering platoon. He took a step toward me and I involuntarily took a step back, or would have had I not been up against a concrete wall as it was.
Mr. Stare was close to me now. The smell that emanated from the suit was a mixture of a little motor oil and a fried motherboard with a hint of gun powder. He stared at me and I returned the menacing stare right back. Although, now that I think about it, Im pretty sure he wasnt feeling the least bit threatened by me.
What can I say? I gave it my best shot, I guess.
His right hand reached for his helmet and I could hear gears gyrating and whining as he did so. It was actually so futuristically nerdy that I got chills when I heard it and instantly knew that if I didnt get killed by the dude in front of me, I was definitely going to ask him where I could pick up a suit of my own before heading home.
Mr. Stare tapped a button somewhere on the right side of his helmet and with a resounding hiss and a little cloud of steam, the face part rose from the chin and I got my first real look at his face. When I realized what was happening I had a few last minute thoughts of what I wanted this soldier from 2340s face to look like.
And I was not disappointed.
The first thing I noticed was that his left eye was gone and had been replaced with what my fan boy mind could only discern as a cyborg one, which glowed yellow. The right eye seemed to be normal but there were several dark rings around both sockets, indicating that he probably spent more time wearing his mask than not.
His skin was ghostly white and his features, which were hard to notice because he seemed to not have eyebrows, were pretty blank. For a Soviet super soldier, I mean.
Reaching toward me with an armored hand pulsating with red glow, he touched my face, the cold metallic fingers causing me to draw back quickly and banging my head against the stupid wall.
 ?
Dude, I was really getting tired of all this Russian.
Look, I said I dont speak Russian! I said in agitation, English, okay? Savvy English?
For those of you who were around at the beginning of my story, you might be thinking of saying, But Jericho, doesnt your glove decipher languages for you?
I really hope you guys remember that because right then, in the snowy hills of 2340 surrounded by ferocious hell troopers making demands in another language, I, your adorable story-telling amigo, Jericho Johnson, did not.
Im not going to waste time telling you how ticked I was at myself when I thought of it way, way later because, honestly, whats the point?
(And it wouldnt have mattered by that time, anyway. But youll see that in a minute).
Apparently Mr. Stare wasnt too thrilled about my getting short-fused with him if the slamming of his mask and shouting of orders at his men was anything to go by. The seven of them stalked away from me about fifteen feet and turned around, cocking their rifles.
Death by firing squad seemed to be the only thing on my menu right then and let me tell you, it wasnt looking appetizing in the least. Hey, cmon, guys! I said, holding my hands up higher in the air, Were all warm-blooded mammals with opposable thumbs here, right? Why all the hostility?
Then a female Russian voice came from behind them and they all turned away from me.
Yes. Chloe to the rescue.
Except that just when I thought little miss Russia had finally come to save my sorry butt, the platoon parted a little and I got a look at what I thought was Chloe.
My shoulders sagged when I saw it was just another one of the red troopers. The seven men started speaking to her--I guess it was a her, I mean, it sounded like a her, anyway, but the cyborg suits werent exactly the most flattering as far as a womans figure was concerned.
Just saying.
They pointed to me, explaining the situation of the freezing billionaire that they were about to use as target practice. Nodding, the newcomer stepped into line and leveled her rifle at me.
Wow. I know Ive already told you guys how much the day was starting to stink but, man, a firing squad? Really? In the snow?
Gosh.
I closed my eyes and turned my face away. I cant believe my sushi tacos are going to go to waste Those were my last words before I heard the first gun fire

Chapter 13



My lucky number thirteen. The number just happened to fall on the chapter where I was the most lucky in this tale of awesomeness but hey, kind of cool, right?
The discharged rifle that made me wince like a five year old getting a flu shot didnt send flames of pain through my body nor send explosions of concrete whirling around me. The gun kept firing and I glanced at my attackers who were being attacked by the eighth trooper.
I say attacked, but since they were all focusing on me and all she really did was take two quick steps to the right and spray a hailstorm of bullets into the men lined up like ducklings it was really murder.
But do you think I cared about what correct wording my salvation needed right then? I most certainly did not. 
The female trooper ran to me and opened her mask.
You certainly have a way with people, Jericho. Chloe said, her face illuminated in red glow.
My devilishly good looks that all the ladies die over sometimes make men want to put me against a wall and shoot me to death, I told her, lowering my arms which had fallen asleep somewhere through my bout with the Russian monsters. Nice suit, sweetheart. Youre a regular iron maiden.
Chloe shrugged and I again heard the clicking and gyrating of gears and small pistons as she lifted a shoulder and I had to fight the urge not to kiss her again. Curse you, inner nerd, curse you to helheim and back.
What were those guys? I asked as I made my way to what was left of the seven troopers. Ah I muttered in disgust, I see you hit them all in the head. Someones been playing Duck Hunt.
Lucky for us. Chloe said as she came to stop beside me as I squatted down and poked a finger at one of the dead mens chest plate. The side of the helmet is the only vulnerable spot on the S-16. Just be glad it wasnt an S-20, then it would have been our corpses being prodded right now.
The red glow that ran through the veins of the suits had faded into blackness within seconds of the occupants death. Im guessing the S-20 is a lot bigger?
The biggest yet but it still has its weaknesses.
Standing, I took my first look at my surroundings. The safe house seemed to be on some sort of hill but I couldnt be sure, really, because of the lack of visible distance. 
Then I remembered that I was freezing to death. Say, Chloe. Where does a guy get warm clothes in 2340?
Chloe smiled and tapped an ironclad boot against one of the soldiers shed just wasted. Lets find your size, shall we?
Instantly I squatted back down to begin my selection, Best day ever.
Inside, the safe house was about as normal as a safe house in the future could be if Chloes nonchalance was anything to go by. But to me it was like the fan-freaking-tastic Starship Enterprise.
I already felt bodacious strutting around in my new S-16 suit, bending and moving my arms and legs just to hear the awesome sounds the suit made. Chloe had sat down at a desk and was tapping away at a flat projection that floated above it whilst I was getting used to my new duds.
Chloe had given me a rundown on what the S-16 was capable of while she helped me get into one and my smile and eyes grew larger with each word she spoke. I grabbed a random desk and lifted it with one arm. Laughing, I put the desk back down and leaped into the air, touching the drafty ceiling nearly fifteen feet high.
This is the greatest day of my freakin' life! I shouted at the top of my lungs, cutting a perfect no-handed back flip and landing easily. How fast did you say I can run in this thing?
Chloe, whod no doubt been in one of the suits since she was three, didnt look away from the screen she was frowning at when she answered, 65.6 mph.
BRB. I told her before darting outside into the snow.
Wait, Jericho-! Were the last words I heard her say.
I hit the snow-covered ground running and within seconds I was bounding at what I was guessing was 65.6 mph because I couldnt go any faster. The frigid wind felt wonderful on my face. All the masks were too mutilated for me to wear. I skidded to a halt close to an outcropping of bare trees, touched one, then I was bolting back to the safe house as fast as my suits legs would carry me.
Chloe was still tapping at the flat screen and frowning when I ducked back inside, not even breathing hard. Have fun? Was her harsh question.
You have no idea, I said, sitting on a nearby stool then screaming as it crumbled beneath me and I landed on my back.
Chloe still didnt take her eyes off the screen as she tapped her metal-knuckled hand on the stone bench that I just noticed was her desk chair. The S-16s weigh nearly 400 pounds and arent currently used in actual battle anymore due to EMP bursts.
What? I said, rolling over and getting to my feet, Are you kidding me? If they had, like, ten of these back in 2001, the Iraqi campaign wouldve literally lasted twelve hours!
Chloe stopped tapping at the screen and turned her head slightly in my direction, How old do you think that suit youre wearing is?
I frowned, not expecting that, and gave my suit a glance over. Chloe had left the right forearm piece off of my suit so I could still use my glove with no problems. Opening and closing my hands as I stared at them, I said, I dont know got some wear on it, I guess, so maybe ten years?
Chloes burst of laughter made me jump it was so sudden. Laying her head on the desk, her black hair phasing through the screen shed been tapping away at, she continued to laugh.
Ok I said, seeing that I was wrong, Twenty years?
Try almost two-hundred, Chloe said, getting the reins on her funny horse and sitting back up. What part of currently not used in actual combat did you not understand?
Oh? I shot at her in agitation, And I suppose that the seven guys you just hosed down with lead right outside werent in combat at all. Maybe they were just taking a leisure stroll wearing armor and toting machine guns.
Chloe had once again returned to tapping away at the screen, Those were just a few rogue fascists with neither motive nor brains. Perfectly feral at best.
Hm. Feral at best, she said?
Enlighten me, dearest Chloe, about which side you are on in this case. You mentioned the Fascists and the Lions."
Bears.
Lions, tigers and bears, whatever, I muttered, Anyway, which side are you on?
Neither. She replied simply, which was starting to really annoy me. What with her being all cavalier about the whole thing.
So that makes you? 
.
Oh my freakin gosh, I dont speak Russian, I almost screamed, You speak great English with a hot Russian accent to go with it. Lay off the foreign dialect, woman, Im begging you.
Chloe stood suddenly,  , , She told me, waving at the bench shed been occupying.
Frowning, I crossed the room and sat down. Look, Chloe, Im not really mad, ok? Theres really no need to sit me down like a freakin-
C  , , She said, pointing at the screen.
Sighing because it seemed Id lost the language war, I peered at the screen. Great. I said, scowling, Even the crap youre making me look at is in Russian. Awesome, Chloe, really.
Chloe wasnt listening because she had started tapping again at the screen with one hand while reaching into a drawer with the other. She finished tapping at the green hologram and produced what looked like a headset from the drawer shed been rummaging in.
Chloe then got behind me and started placing the headset on me, all the while jabbering in Russian.  -  .        ,       , ,    .
Nodding just because I thought it would make her shut up, I tried not to sigh while she placed cold metal pads to my temples. Then I felt her hands on my shoulders, ?
Since I figured shed just asked me if I was ready, I nodded again, Sure. I said sarcastically, Please have a defibrillator on hand just in case I happen to die of excitement 
Chloe reached over my shoulder and tapped once somewhere on the screen. 
I felt a small vibration coming from the pads attached to my temples but it wasnt anything unbearable. Then things started projecting in front of me. It was just one symbol at a time that floated for about five seconds each before being replaced by yet another five second symbol. I was guessing that what she wanted me to do was just stare at the meaningless symbols like I actually cared so thats what I did.
The boring tutorial of whatever only lasted around two minutes so I didnt have to watch very long. Which was awesome because for some reason watching the symbols fade in and out was starting to give me a small headache. Are we done now? I asked, rubbing at my left eye.
, . Was what she said in Russian.
But guess what I heard her say?
No, not yet.
Before I could say what the heck, Chloe tapped the screen again somewhere.
        .   . Is what projected in front of me.
And guess what it said?
 You have just successfully finished the neural scan of the Russian language. Thank you for participating. I read aloud. 
, . Chloe said, smiling and clapping her hands together, the resounded clangs of metal ringing around the room. Bravo, Jericho.
I stood. This was incredible. Bowing low, I said, Twas , .       -  ?
Ha. I bet now you are wondering what I just said.
So, just for you, whoever you are, I had said, Twas nothing, really. How could I take credit for someone else's clever engineering?
So yeah, now I was fluent in Russian. Which rocked for real.
And before moving on to chapter fourteen, let me address the question bouncing around your right-frontal lobe, which is, Did you learn any other languages while you were there, Jericho?
So, just for you, again, Ill answer your question so you can have some closure.
,  ,

Chapter 14



So whats the plan? I asked her, scooting over on the stone bench so Chloe could sit beside me.
Nothing, really. She said, accepting the seat. Ive been going through the attack reports over the past month trying to decide which route I should take entering the city. I figured you running around in an S-16 for a few minutes wouldnt hurt anything.
Smiling, I went to take off my glove, Youre the best, Chloe. 
Then something horrifying caught my eye.
The screen on my glove was black--something Id never seen before. Not being like a laptop or anything, in a LOT more ways than one, meant that I had never actually powered the thing down before. I mean, why would I have? It never did anything but glow and look awesome since I unearthed it on my hiking trip of destiny. Thoughts like batteries or charging, in my defense, were lost to whoever looked at the glove, really, because it just appeared as futuristic as it was.
But I didnt know everything about it so maybe my battery had finally gone out.
Which wasnt a bad thought, really, because I suppose if it had to run out of juice, running out just before I swapped it for another one was about as awesome of a timing as I could think of.
Say, Chloe?
Yeah? 
I hope you got some D batteries for this thing, cause Im thinking my Coppertops have finally run their course, I said, extending my glove to her.
She glanced at it, gasped, grabbed it, and said in a low cold voice, Why is the screen off?
Frowning and furrowing my brow a little I stated that it was her dads gizmo that shed helped create so maybe she should have asked herself that question.
Chloe had removed the glove by this time and was freaking big time, man. Jabbing at the screen, Chloe started spouting Russian, which was kind of her thing, you know, when she got really mad or upset. Only this time I was able to understand everything she was angrily muttering and I was one-hundred percent correct on my first analogy of this being some not-so-nice things she had been saying before. 
     After not getting any results with her finger jabbing, Chloe raised the dead glove above her head and would have slammed it on the stone table had I not snatched it out of her hands first.
Easy, Chloe! Chill out, man.
No! She screamed, darting her fingers to her glove. Her screen was on, but barely and flickering out quickly.
Then it was all quiet except for Chloes ragged breathing. I looked at my dead glove, Any ideas?
The EMP grenade.
Oh. And Id thought it was just your average flash-bang grenade. Man, I really needed to get with the times.
My father warned me about heavy electric fields. He told me not to get too close. Chloe was on the verge of- something. Not tears, exactly, so Im not sure what she was on the verge of. He said that too much electrical current was one of the only things that could penetrate the scandium casing.
So Im thinking that a whole grenade of the stuff wasnt good for my baby? I asked.
Neither of our babies. Chloe corrected, standing.
 Whoa. I told her with my hands held up, Weve known each other for way too short of a time to be discussing children already.
 My father is the only one that can fix them, Chloe said, either not hearing the joke meant to lighten the mood or choosing to ignore it. 
I dont know where my mind had been the past two minutes but apparently it was gone to some faraway land because the gravity of the situation finally hit home. Your father?
Chloe, who I was guessing just caught on to the apparent fix, too, looked at me and simply nodded.
The same father being held by some crazy guy with an army of gun-wielding sociopaths?
Again, Chloe just nodded, looking at me the way a soccer mom looks at her kid when she has to tell him that he wont be getting that ice-cream stop hed been expecting.
Not knowing what else to do, I sat back down. 
Let me interject here that I am a strong-willed kind of guy. I mean, it takes a lot to shake my focus. Or that not a whole lot shocks me. Time travel will do that to a guy, let me tell you.
But since it, in fact, wasnt time travel but the lack thereof that I was presented with, things were starting to look bleak. 
I can still get into the city, Jericho, but youre now presented with the only options you have left.
And those are? Asked the dejected hero of this sad yet true tale of awesome.
These shelters have blast doors that seal from the inside and arent easily damaged. You could wait here while I free my father and fix the gloves. Ill be back as soon as I can.
So the blast door will hold off whoever happens upon the shelter thats normally open to the public and the fact that its sealed shut wont make them want to crack it open? I asked the reasonable question.
Chloe shrugged, something that I was expecting to see.
Thats what I thought. And behind door number two? 
You come with me. She said simply, Although it will be dangerous, you can leave as soon as the gloves are fixed.
I shook my head, standing, Hold the phone, woman. Your dad isnt chilling in his lab in the backyard. Hes on freakin lock down by the guy you have to bring the glove to. Something tells me hes not going to like getting his prize broken.
It cant be helped. Ill tell him it was damaged in the retrieval and that my father can fix it if it comes to that. Chloe told me, walking to one of the chrome cabinets across the room. When she opened it, I saw that it contained- you guessed it--more guns. I'm not planning on coming in the front door, anyway.
Good God, do you people ever have something other than deadly weapons behind doors?
Most of the time, no, she said as she pulled out a few of the bodacious assault rifles Id seen the demon troopers packing. Youll see why in a minute. 
     I caught the rifle shed tossed to me and turned it over a few times. Im guessing it works like the guns back home? Like, point it at baddies and squeeze the trigger?
     Chloe walked back to me and gave me the rundown on my new piece, showing me how to turn the laser sight on and off, how to reload and how to switch to the frag launcher. I nodded throughout the lecture on ballistics, watching her. 
What? She asked after shed finished and noticed me staring at her.
Youre extremely hot when you spout your gun knowledge, you know that, right?
I wasnt ready for the punch she delivered to my shoulder in what I was hoping was the same way most girls punched guys in the shoulder. You know the whole giggly, Oh, stop it, you handsome man, you. 
But since we were both rocking the S-16s, Chloes playful punch was heard more than felt and the sharp steel-on-steel sound resounded around the room after she delivered it.
Awesome, I said, cocking the assault rifle, Glad to see that Im not the only one whos hitting on someone around here.

Chapter 15



What.
Chapter fifteen already? Geez.
As thrilled as I am about how fast and amazing this little memoir is going, I have to say that fifteen was, like, the absolute worst age of my life.
I mean, it was my first year of college, when I was made fun of for being the youngest guy in the room You know, that kind of thing.
Anyway, I figure since I hate fifteen so much, and since it is my memoir, after all, that Im just going to skip this chapter. That good with everyone? Cool. Moving on.

Chapter 16



Whatre you doing? I shouted at Chloe as she jumped over me, bolting as fast as her suit would carry her at the behemoth of machinery that occupied the center of the street, still spraying bullets everywhere with the two massive guns attached to its forearms.
Scrambling to my shaky feet, I monkey-crawled deeper into the alleyway, screaming like a Comanche warrior as concrete exploded all around me as I did so. Once deeper I figured Id take a break and revise the situation, but apparently the S-20 had other plans for me as the walls around me started getting hit, too. Un-freaking-believable, I grumbled, getting to my feet and dashing down the snow-ridden alley. Although the suit was amazing, I was still breathing hard and my heart was beating like the bass drum at a death metal concert.
Leaping to my left, I kicked off the brick wall and shot to the opposite wall, which I ran up like a ninja, the heavy feet of the suit digging deep into the wall with each step. When I reached the top I kicked off again and landed on the other building. I bolted to the edge almost fifty feet away and skidded to a stop, peering down at the battle.
Chloe was kneeling in front of the mech, her hands behind her head as the twenty foot machine from hell took the last step, stopping in front of her.
Wow. That was fast. And here I thought she was the one who was saving the day.
Oh, well. 
No one lives forever, they tell me.
Wait.
Okay, I get it now. You guys are totally lost because I skipped chapter fifteen, arent you? Alright, alright, Ill go back and tell you fifteen but only because I cant stand gaps.
Remember that this is for me, not you. I dont even know you

Chapter 15
(Continued)



We exited the bunker and I was reminded yet again that my suit was lacking a helmet. Chloe donning hers was one reminder but the frigid wind slicing into my face was the biggest one.
Instinctively I checked my glove to see how cold it was and grimaced. The black screen was the worst reminder yet.
We made one last stop at the bodies Chloe had chalked up to make sure that at least one helmet was usable and, as luck would have it, one turned out to be.
Got this one in the neck. Chloe said with about as much ease as a great golfer would mention a birdie. I caught it when she tossed it to me. Then I noticed the blood all over it and made a face.
Gross, Was all I said before sliding it over my head. It wasnt too gross, though, because the blood was frozen.
Dont be such a baby, I heard Chloes voice crackle in my ear.
Since Id been acting like a complete lame-wad about all the futuristic stuff that had been going on, I decided not to be floored by us being able to communicate with the suits.
Just next time maybe a little less frozen blood? I shot over to her.
Tell me, Jericho, Chloe began, taking a step away from me. I noticed her right foot was slowly twisting slightly on the snow-covered ground, the universal sign for catch-me-if-you-can.
Do you like your woman fast, or is that just a fabricated exterior? 
I opened my mouth to tell her that I simply adored fast women but I never got the chance to say it because she bolted into the mist, kicking up snow as she did so.
Oh, no she didnt, I muttered before speeding after her. She must not really have been trying to get away from me because when the cap speed was close to 70 mph, whoever got the head start wasnt about to get caught. So when I loped up beside her I said, Hi. Beautiful day, aint it?
This was meant to be sarcastic due to the extremely unbeautiful day we were running through at that moment so I was kind of thrown when she said, Yes, very. Without the least bit of sarcasm.
After running at top speed for almost five minutes we both skidded to a halt on what appeared to be a large white embankment that overlooked what I was guessing was Flagstaff.
Or what was left of it.
The city looked like a snapshot from any zombie apocalypse film you could think of. Large building here and there missing huge sections of important structural spots on them and no lights on anywhere. The only signs of life were the large smokestacks that seemed to border the entire city, billowing black smog like crazy.
Im guessing you guys arent exactly green folks around here, I said.
When Chloe asked what the heck I was talking about I went on to explain about all the save-the-earth jazz that was going on back home which led me to a thought.
Did the icecaps ever melt? I asked, turning away from Flagstaff to look at her. We were both looking exceptionally awesome in our suits, by the way. Just thought you guys should know that.
The what?
You know- the polar icecaps. Did they melt?
Chloe wasnt exactly sure what I was asking but she figured if I was thinking of a landmark or standing structure that I could pretty much bet on it being nonexistent after World War three.
Wait, hold up, I said, I remember you saying something about a World War four back at the lab. Three wasn't bad enough to mention?
Normally we dont count the third World War because it was less than ten minutes long, Chloe said, shrugging.
Wow, I said. Did, uh, America or Russia fire first?
Russia. But not on America. We hit South Africa and Finland.
Why? Was all I could think to ask. I mean, nukes are the norm in 2012, dont get me wrong, but what changed that made people, I dont know actually use them?
Again, Chloe shrugged, The rest of the world all believe it was because we were the next target. We had been at war for over a decade with Finland and South Africa had just joined the Finnish against us.
I frowned. You say rest of the world like thats not the real reason you guys fired.
Because its not the real reason, She said, hitting a button and lifting her mask. I took this as a cue and lifted my mask. We all thought that when the time finally came, mother Russia would win with honor. She took a few steps closer to me, which was fine with me except that all flirtatiousness was out of the question due to the way she looked as she talked.
In the end all it took was for someone high on the ladder to have too much vodka. Thus the start and end of World War three.
Whoa, back up. I said, waving at the crumbling city, You mean this is all thats left of the world because some schmucks vodka bottle happened to be sitting right next to a Defcon 1 button?
Chloe nodded, turning away as her mask clamped down. 
Welcome to the future, Jericho. I heard her buzz in my ear.
I fell in step behind her as we made our way down the slope toward Flagstaff. But you guys have the gloves, I told her, I mean, you could have zipped back and stopped Otis Campbell from nuking the planet.
Cant, She said simply, Can we drop it?
Chloe was irritated, that much was certain. Im guessing it was mostly due to Russias premature nuke fest, which I was also guessing was embarrassing to any Russian, but I could tell that Id struck a chord with my time-travel idea.
Why?
I said drop it, She growled.
Grabbing her shoulder, I whirled her around to face me. Tell me why, Chloe, I growled back. I wasnt trying to be mean, or anything, but her irritation was irritating me. 
I couldnt see her face because of her helmet but I could feel the glare. And what would knowing the answer do for you, Jericho?
I let go of her shoulder. Just tell me.
Although I could see she wasnt too thrilled about it, Chloe said, Fallout.
Yeah, I noticed, I said, looking around, Dont tell me thats the reason.
Generally, yes, She said, After the nukes went off everything changed. Not only did it move the planet further from the sun, thus beginning the everlasting ice age, but it also messed up Earth's core structure as well. Or fixed it, as my father would say.
Maybe fixed it if you were a mammoth, I muttered, glancing around at the snowy landscape.
Or trying to create a time-traveling device, Chloe said, After the restructure, which was one of the real reasons most cities collapsed, new elements were discovered, one of which resides in all three gloves.
Taking all of this in wasnt the easiest thing in the world. Just saying. But I was pretty sure I knew the reason now.
So youre saying that since the gloves were only created because of nuclear fallout than any notion of using the fallout offspring to go back and stop fallout from happening is out of the question?
Chloe turned around and resumed her trudge with me close behind. Brilliant. Was all she said, still ticked that Id made her explain the whole drunk-Russian-nuke story.
The rest of the journey to the edge of Flagstaff was silent. Chloe was probably just fuming although I wasnt so sure about her thoughts. I know my thoughts were filled with the new knowledge of the future and how the world had really went downhill and how I really was starting to feel scared for some reason and how I was about to walk into a city trashed by nukes.
Then I remembered that I had never beaten all the expansions on Fallout: New Vegas yet and got bugged all over again.
Is Vegas still standing? I asked suddenly.
What? Chloe asked, cocking her covered head a little.
Im going to take that as a no. Thanks for nothing, Bethesda.
Entering the city, which I thought was going to include ninja-like reflexes and maximum stealth--wait, thats an oxymoron because ninja-like reflexes states that maximum stealth has already been initiated--anyway, the point is that entering the city turned out to be a cinch. One minute we were walking toward Flagstaff, the next we were walking in it.
I mean, dont get me wrong, I love it when I can walk without dodging bullets but I was at least expecting a few unmanned turrets or something equally as sentinel-like, you know?
Abandoned cars lined the streets, their broken out windows and flat tires looking ever so-
Wait. 
There werent any tires on the scrapped cars.
Where were the tires, you might ask? Okay, you might not so Ill just say welcome to the future, Will Robinson.
Ive only been to the 2012 Flagstaff once in my lifetime and although the air was a little thin for my taste, the journey did end with my coming home with a time-traveling glove so I guess I cant really judge the city too much. After living in Chicago, the streets of Flagstaff had felt severely spread out to me and all drivers had had plenty of room to get around without killing someone.
Future Flagstaff didnt even look sort of like the one I remembered and not because of the whole nuclear wasteland feel, either. The entire city structure was different now complete with thin streets, tall cramped buildings on either side and lots of messed up future cars.
You sure were not in New York? I asked Chloe, glancing around. 
     Get down, Was her reply, her voice low in my ear.
Not knowing what else to do, I ducked into an alley and behind a dumpster, squatting low and putting my back against the brick wall. Then I noticed that Chloe was right beside me.
Hi, I told her, smiling behind my helmet. I think youre pretty.
Shut up, fool, She whispered, Theres an S-20 in the streets.
That shut me up. I mean, one minute we were skipping through the streets all cake and ice-cream then the next we were ducking for cover. The concrete shook beneath me as whatever we were hiding from stomped down the streets, each step resounding loudly in the alley.
Dropping my voice to a whisper, I asked in my quietest voice just how big an S-20 was, exactly, because it felt like Godzilla was coming.
It cant hear us but keep your voice down, anyway, Chloe said, and then I saw the shadow. The S-20 had stopped right in front of the alley we were hiding like rats in and although I couldnt see it because of the dumpster, the tall silhouette that was cast along the damp snow-covered alleyway was very discernible. 
Gulping as I peered at the enormous shadow cast by the S-20, I asked in a whisper, Is that an Autobot or a Decepticon? Cause Im on whichever side this guys on, believe you me.
Then a lot of stuff happened at once. The first of which was that the dumpster we were hiding behind was ripped from the pavement with ease by the S-20. My first thought was that it didnt look anything like any Transformer Id ever seen before. My second thought was probably somewhere along the lines of-
     "Aahh!" I screamed, scrambling backward on my hands while my butt scraped the street.
My third thought was around the same thing when the huge mech turned two gatling guns our way and started firing.
Hide, Jericho, Chloe shouted, leaping over me and running toward..."
Wait. We finally caught up with where I started. Whew. Finally. See? And you thought you were missing out on some big, huge, crazy part of the story, didnt you?
I tried to skip it but you said no.
And dont even try to pin finishing chapter 15 on me. That was all you, chief.
And the S-20 really didnt look like a Transformer. Just saying.

Chapter 16
 (Continued)



I pulled my assault rifle around, switching it to frag mode and leveling down. Alright, Jericho You wanted adventure? This is about as adventuresome as youre going to get, buddy.
Aiming at the crumbling street right behind the S-20, because, you know, Chloe happened to be right in front of it and that seemed the best place at the time, I took a deep breath before launching my first grenade.
Concrete flew in all directions as the frag exploded on impact, causing the mammoth S-20 to rock on is mammoth legs a bit, which was all Chloe needed.
In a split second she was soaring into the air, cutting a double front flip before landing on top of the mechs dome head. Well, it wasnt really a head, per sey. The body of S-20 was made to resemble a human figure all but where there should have been a head there was a dome-like area where the pilot sat, peering out at the world through the God-knows-how-thick bullet proof glass, the touchscreen buttons, switches and gadgets on the said glass visible and backwards for anyone who found themselves unfortunate enough to see the pilot fingering out commands of death on the tinted dome touchscreen.
Unless it happened to be Chloe Sparks, someone who happened to know the S-20s sweet spot.
Drawing back a curled steel-clad fist, Chloe delivered the blow of all blows directly in the center of the dome before crawling quickly to the rocking S-20s top and leaping on the other side, crossing her arms over her chest and slipping through the hole my frag had created in the street and disappearing below into what I was guessing was the sewer.
The pilot had by this time regained somewhat of the S-20s composure and started looking around for his two missing targets.
I frowned. Shouldnt Chloes awesome fist bump of doom, I dont know, broke the glass shield? Or at least have cracked it? Im not a picky person most of the time so I wouldve been thrilled with at least a scratch, or something.
Then it happened.
The dome started cracking from the center, spreading out slowly at first before the veins picked up speed and the entire dome was one big shatter.
Im going to take a shot in the dark here and say that Im pretty sure that the dude in the pilot seat couldnt see a dang thing. Partly because it looked that way and partly because the panicking pilot began spinning the S-20 in a complete 360, swiveling it at the waist while firing wildly with his humongous gatling guns.
Lets not forget that Chloe was baby-blanket safe under the street while I, who was not, had to leap thirty feet backward to avoid being cut in half by bullets as they made their way to my rooftop due to the crazy carousel of death.
Jericho, Chloes voice buzzed in my helmet.
Yes, dearest? I cooed, darting quickly to my right to avoid more of the bullets that cut through the building beneath me like butter. My only inclinations of the approaching waves of hot lead were the visible slices that sped toward me. Can he see?
No. Chloe confirmed, But he knows that we wont attack while hes firing like a maniac.
So whats the plan, Stan? I asked, again having to dart out of the way of yet more bullets. And, please, take your time. I actually enjoy being buffeted by near-death experience after near-death experience so that makes you the real victim, here. Just FYI.
The glass dome is weakened. All it needs is one of your grenades. Chloe said, Can you get close enough?
If I wanted to die, yes, Id say getting close enough to pop off a grenade or two wouldnt be too hard. But news flash- I rolled out of the way of another bullet wave, -I dont!
Listen to me, Jericho-" Chloe screamed, her lecture cut short as I heard a huge groaning sound. Its coming through the street. Do it now, Jericho!
Without thinking I sprinted to the end of the building, Get away from it, I shouted, performing the best swan dive imaginable off the side of the twelve story building. Or it would have been a swan dive had my arms been spread out in serenity instead of wielding an assault rifle, which I brandished in mid-dive, soaring directly over the S-20.
I literally felt bullets cut through the air all around me as I aimed below at the maniacal mech, Cheers, homeslice, I screamed, firing my grenade.
You know, its funny, Id seen this maneuver done in a movie once. Ive also fantasized about doing this maneuver in my wildest nerd dreams. But I got to say that the landing (you know, that thing that happens after you leap from a bullet-ridden twelve story building) was never part of my fantasies.
After that day, I knew why. Because when you jump off a twelve story building, no matter how drenched with bodacity whatever you do in the air is, there isnt really a way to land thats not riddled with pain and sorrow.
I got to hand it to whoever made the S-16, though. Those things can take a beating.
Ha. I fooled you so bad.
What? Did you actually think I was going to splat on the pavement and die? Psh. Not hardly.
My elegant/awesome dive kept going after I launched my frag and didnt stop until I crashed through the sixth story window of the opposite building, landing hard on my armored stomach and skidding almost twenty feet before stopping when my helmet connected with the leg of a coffee table.
I dont really remember the words I said as I climbed to my hands and knees. Just as well because it was probably something wimpy like, It hurts so freakin' bad!
I was inside the building for a total of literally five seconds when I felt the explosion. The floor shook beneath me before the entire room collapsed and I fell through two stories before stopping on what I was guessing was the third or fourth floor of the crumbling building.
Hoping Chloe was well away from the S-20 when it went kaboom would have been on my mind just then had not, after I got to my feet again, the building started to teeter.
Its really hard to explain the feeling of being inside of a collapsing building so heres my best analogy--its like being inside of a large wooden box falling into an active volcano and scraping along the walls all the way down.
Got a good mental pic now? Good. Now throw me, the hero of this tale, in the same mental pic yelling, sweating and running in crazy slow-motion toward the nearest window as the pitch of the floor rises more and more until Im running up and almost vertical surface by the time I break through the icy glass.
I didnt really fly through like Superman so, while you got that mental pic still rolling around in your little noggin, picture me, screaming like a banshee and running on the now almost horizontal brick wall of the building and not quite making it to the bottom when it finally touches down.
For some crazy reason- Yeah, I know, right? How was I not able to be thinking straight right at that moment? And yes, that was sarcasm- I ended up being right over another window when the building landed and before I knew it, I was back inside the building on a grungy couch looking up at the brick wall falling onto me.
Ouch.
Ouch more to situation than the actual feeling cause it felt like I was being dog-piled by six year-olds more than buried alive by tons of bricks.
Thank you, S-16, I love you.

Chapter 17



It took Chloe a whole entire twenty seconds to remove enough rubble for me to poke a hand out and another twenty to actually pull me out. Are you injured? She asked, pulling me to my knees.
My heart was racing, my mind was buzzing and my body felt drenched in sweat. But other than that I could still see and I didnt feel like I was about to puke too bad so I was guessing I wasnt about to die. Im good, I told her, climbing to my shaky feet. Havent been forcibly removed from a forty story building that fast since Beyonces house party.
Removing my helmet so I could breathe easier, I found a spot in what was left of the apartment and sat down. I ran a metal glove through my soaking hair, spitting out the bile that had started working its way up my throat about halfway between buildings in my no-armed swan-dive.
You okay? I asked, glancing at her as she removed her helmet, letting her hair, which, might I point out in annoyance, looked extremely dry, shiny and positively daisy fresh, tumble down as she did so.
Itll take more than one S-20 piloted by an inexperienced Fascist to kill me. She stated with confidence.
I wouldve settled for you at least breaking a sweat. I muttered, So that means the Fascists control Flagstaff?
Chloe, who didnt have to sit down to regain her composure like me, took this time to reload her assault rifle. Not at all. Neither the Bears or Fascists have control of Flagstaff and both parties would rather keep it that way since its occupied by the Reds and is completely neutral in the war.
And thus can sell the weapons no doubt being created here to both sides, I finished.
Chloe smiled at me as she cocked her rifle. Just so. Since it would cost more time and men to seize the city for both sides than to just buy what they need, the Reds are left to their own devices.
Not to mention a failed attempt for control would most likely result in the Reds joining up with the other side and cutting off trade rights, I said, getting a surprised smile from Chloe.
Thats amazing. Was all she said. Her smile was saying the rest. Jericho, youre awesome, it said. Although the words didnt leave her lips I could see it plainly.
Now, if I could only keep up the act of being a freakishly knowledgeable philanthropist instead of some geek who had been betrayed by the French one too many times on Medieval II: Total War, then Id be looking better all the time.
So youre a Red? I asked, standing and starting to reload my rifle.
Proudly, Chloe said. We represent the very heart of Russia with our hard work, engineering and love for her people.
Let me guess, I said, finishing my piece and slinging it over my back. The Fascists have the morals and religious ideas, the Bears have the firepower and stubborn streak and you guys fix everything that breaks because the other two sides put too much time into morals and power, right?
  Chloe frowned, rolling her eyes around a little in thought before finally saying, Thats pretty much it.
I nodded knowingly. Just so you know, I always chose the industrious sides in every online game that came down the pike.
Chloe didnt really know what to say to that as we made our way back to the street where what was left of the S-20 smoldered away in chunks. I asked her what hed been doing there and why he decided to attack us since we were wearing Fascist armor and all.
That little inquiry induced a ten minute lecture that brought me up to speed on the difference between actual Fascists, which was what the S-20 had been, and Rogues, which was what the guys who had dropped an EMP grenade into my 2340 welcome packet had been. Also somewhere in the lecture she told me that we actually needed to get out of our current armor ASAP because no one liked the Rogues due to their knack for ambushing convoys from all sides and preying on the weak. Her final answer about why the S-20 had been there was most likely to buy fuel.
If you love this junk, Chloe said as we slunk through the streets, waving at my armor, Then you should get a real rush out of my fathers new design christened the Dragunov. They havent become available for combat as of yet but when they do theyll cost right at one-hundred-million ruble a unit.
I was shocked at the price at first until I remembered that ruble was way different from good old U.S. bucks and that one-hundred-million ruble was right around $3,406,251 for us.
And fifteen cents.
Still a good chunk for a single suit, though. I have to confess that I was also pretty bummed that the future currency was the same. It would be a lie if I said that I hadnt been hoping it would be credits. Or, you know, at least called credits
Can your daddys new Dragunov run as fast as these? I asked, stepping into yet another alleyway behind Chloe.
Actually they have only been clocked at 40 mph at top speed.
I nodded, not really sure where her dad had made this crazy breakthrough that I was supposedly going to quote/unquote get a rush out of if 40 mph was all I could get out of his new design. Then Chloe sealed the deal by smiling at me and saying, But it can fly over two-hudred.
See? Isnt the future freakin great? I had a feeling that Dr. Atrium Sparks and I were going to get along just fine.
After we had found a suitably abandoned shack, Chloe decided that ditching our suits would be best done now rather than later, stating that we shouldn't push our luck. To which I replied that when someone was as awesome as I was, luck wasn't even a factor. To which she rolled her eyes at me.
After we'd got out of the suits and I had started jumping around like a loser with chattering teeth, Chloe went through the rooms in search of spoils. I was guessing the shack had once been a gas station of sorts then later someone had moved into it in its present mutilated state and had attempted to wall in a few sections for privacy.
It really didn't do much so I wasn't exactly going to give the future want-to-be contractor any points for his attempt. But hey, when life gives you lemons...
In here, Chloe called to me from one of the makeshift rooms. I waddled in, trying to keep my legs close together like I'd seen some penguins do in documentaries, thinking that this would help with the cold. It didn't, just so you know.
Being soaked with sweat had been fine in the S-16 but not so much in the bitter freezing elements of Flagstaff. Just how cold was it, anyway?
It's only ten below, Chloe told me after seeing my march of the penguins dance and somehow reading my mind. Stop being such a wimp. She said, waving at a trunk she'd found, Let's see what we can find us to wear.
I was shocked at how fruitful our search had been. Shocked and super thankful/grateful to the future want-to-be contractor who'd left the trunk filled with clothes.
Except he probably went out to grab some things one day and got a bullet in the head. That was more likely.
Once we'd finished pulling on the clothes we looked like a couple of mercenaries. The thick plain black shirts and pants weren't the snazziest apparel but the heavy dark red overcoats that reached to our knees were pretty much wicked. Thick, too. I swear it felt like I'd pulled on a little red cloud of awesome warmness.
Since Chloe hadn't sweated like an Egyptian slave in her suit, she didn't have to take off any soaked clothing like yours truly. I stripped down to my boxers, which were staying no matter how drenched they were, and pulled on the black pants, dropping my beloved Amosu on the floor, never to be picked up again.
Then I noticed Chloe looking at me.
What? I asked. I'm not about to put on some dead dude's undies. Since I seem to lack the general part of the brain that tells the mouth to stop while its ahead, I finished with, Just be glad you got to see this much. I once dated a chic for eight months in college who never even saw my feet.
I'm guessing she didn't think I could see her and, to be honest, I didn't see her at first. I mean, Jericho Johnson had just taken off his shirt in the presence of a woman. Of course she was staring. And possibly even drooling like a blood-hound. Not sure because I wasn't close enough to tell.
     Alright, I'm kidding. I mean, for a guy my age and build, you'd think I'd be a little more cut, you know? Sadly, I'm not. I don't look like someone in the last stage of leukemia, or anything, just not exactly built. How can I say this... Appealing yet not exactly hot? Does that make any sense? Well, I hope so because I've ran out of ways to explain myself to you.
You're really tan for a guy who spends most of his time in a basement, Chloe said.
And tan. Did I mention I had a nice tan going on for me?
Alright, I lied, again. What was actually said was, Wow, but you're pale. Don't you ever leave that basement of yours?
I don't exactly have a tan. Just saying.
Says the milky-white Russian chic that lives on Lost Planet, I shot back, pulling on my shirt. I'm so glad you didn't have to take off too much 'cause I left my Dolce & Gabanna sunglasses back home...
Spare me the lecture on ridiculously priced eyewear, would you, Chloe muttered.
...that I got for a steal at just $300,000. Knew a guy who knocked off about $80,000, I finished, not about to back down. 
Chloe rolled her eyes, something that Id been seeing her do a lot recently. Which I hated because I thought our relationship was starting to develop quite nicely.
Also, that chic I mentioned dating in college was real and so was the situation. She was a doozy. Cant really remember her name.
I didnt notice the patch on the right arm of our new coats until I saw Chloe pull on the red overcoat. Please tell me there arent any Nazis left. 
Chloe blinked at me for a second before noticing me point to the Swastika on my sleeve. She frowned at hers before saying, We did have a lot of stuff stolen from one of our museums below. I suppose whoever broke in must have stashed some of it here.
So, I said, slinging my assault rifle on my back, Were not going to get lynched for wearing these? 
Not at all, she said, picking up her rifle. If anything theyll think we robbed the museum then well get arrested.
Try and get a good picture of us, if you can. Chloe looked halfway descent because all she really added to her black jumpsuit and heeled boots was the long rusty-red Nazi coat. I, on the other hand, looked like a coloring book in the same coat with my black Chuck's still on my feet.
Actually, I thought I looked pretty awesome but I didn't want to just start bragging again.
Whyre we sneaking in, anyway? I asked, I mean, this is where you live, right? Cant we just walk right up and knock on the door?
I fell in step behind Chloe as we exited the hovel. We cant. Verde von Klaus has my father deep below the city so thats where were going. Giving Klaus the glove would make everything my father has done obsolete.
But its to save his life, I stated, Not to point out the elephant in the room but I thought that we were going to hand it over, anyway. Regardless of what your old man thought.
Chloe didnt answer for a long time as we made our way through the abandoned streets. The snow had picked up since we left the hovel and I noticed the white flakes looked cool adorning the back of Chloes head, her jet black hair swaying back and forth while she walked. 
Ive thought about it, she said finally, making me have to remember what wed even been talking about to start with. Oh yeah, handing the glove over.
And youve decided against it? I asked, glancing at the dead gauntlet I was wearing on my right hand.
Yes. Was all she said.
 We walked on in more silence for a while before I asked, Wont Klaus be a little agitated if he finds out youre double-crossing him?
Yes.
Like, kill us kind of agitated?
Yes.
More silence as we trudged the white streets.
Oh, well. I suppose that if I did get killed by some crazy Russian billionaire then I could go out of this life knowing that I died while trying to help a wicked hot chic save her fathers life.
Yeah. Forget that crap. I wanted to live.
I was about to let Chloe know that maybe I could just go back to the hovel and wait it out with my gun when she said, You dont have to come, Jericho. There really isnt a need for both of us to die if it comes to that.
She had a point. No need for two people to die if one would be just as
Hold up.
If I quit now, Id look like more of a wimp than I would have if it had been my idea. But now it would just seem like Chloe was like, I dont know, letting me out of my end of the deal 
Oh, yeah. I had kind of told her Id help her save her dad, didnt I?
Im so glad that Chloe wasnt able to hear all those thoughts I just told you about because they only lasted in reality around ten seconds, just enough time for me to say, Whatever, woman. You know youd be lost without me.
And that was that. 
Any thoughts you may have had about my throwing in the towel can be trashed, whoever-you-are, because Jericho Johnson is back, baby
except I hadnt exactly went anywhere so

Chapter 18



We hadnt walked five more minutes when we reached the entrance to what Chloe called the Bunker, letting me know that we were about to enter a labyrinth of shadowed halls and creepiness but not to worry because she had been this way before.
When she was eight.
And with her dad.
After receiving this little tidbit, I said, Sure thing, sweetheart. Why would I worry about getting lost in a labyrinth of shadowy halls in Russian-occupied America wearing Nazi memorabilia?
Whether Chloe didnt hear me or just decided to ignore my awesome wit, I wasnt sure. Either way she didnt answer. She squatted down in front of me and started fanning her gloved hands around on the concrete of the alley, brushing away the snow to reveal a manhole.
Together, only after Id let her try herself for almost a whole minute, we pried the lid up. I was expecting the smell of a sewer but instead received a full blast in the face that smelled like Lysol and lots of the stuff.
You never said anything about breaking into a Dollar General, I said, covering my nose. Seriously, I think my nose hairs just burnt off.
Stop being a baby, Jericho. Its just sterilization, She told me before dropping into the blackness.
I actually plan on having kids one day, Chloe, I called down into the dark. I mean, were I a chic we wouldnt have this little hiccup.
Not that kind of sterilization, idiot, I heard her say, her voice echoing.
Hoping she was right, I dropped in behind her. Upon landing, Chloe then told me that the manhole had to be closed. I peered up at the opening almost eight feet above us and said, Sure thing. Ill get on your shoulders.
I was joking of course and Chloe realized this, stating that if I couldnt hold her shed understand. Shut up, woman, I said, lacing my fingers for a handhold, to which Chloe accepted and in a few seconds she was sitting on my shoulders.
I tried to take this opportunity to get a good smell of Chloe. Id picked up on her lovely scent once before when I tackled her back in Rome. Trying to pick up the same smell was impossible right then due to the fact that we were both wearing some dead guys musty duds.
Chloe stopped whatever she was doing up top and suddenly said, You did not just try to smell me. 
Dont flatter yourself, Chloe, I told her, too quickly, actually. The cold makes me sniff a lot and I dont know if youve noticed, but its freakin ten below out here.
Once the manhole was back in place it was dark. Like, severely dark. Like, darker than black type dark.
Havent been in a dark underground hallway with a chic in a while, I stated sarcastically, still mad at myself for trying to smell Chloe. 
Its like riding a bike, Chloe said, climbing down from my shoulders. Just be glad its summer or else wed have to worry about ice spiders.
Just how cold is the wintertime? I asked, a little shocked that ten below was deemed summertime.
Almost negative ninety most of the time. Access to the surface is only done with mechs and even then only for short periods at a time because they will freeze up. I heard her rummaging around in the darkness before hearing a slight crack and seeing  that Chloe had produced an almost foot-long glow stick.
I fell in step behind Chloe as she started making her way down the damp underground tunnel. And whatre ice spiders?
I saw her silhouette shrug, Just big spiders that normally live above until it gets too cold. Then they move down here for the winter.
I was surprised, shocked, astounded and frankly, a little scared. I mean, Id killed as many ice spiders as anyone else who has played any standard role-playing game, but I always hoped that if any fantasy creatures were ever real, giant man-eating spiders wouldn't be one of them. 
How, uh, big are we talking, here? I asked as nonchalantly as possible.
Depends, she said, Up top they can range from four feet across, which is an infant and not at all a danger, to the big ones which can get up to ten feet across.
I was very glad that Chloe didnt see or hear me gulp. I mean, call me crazy, but four feet wide spiders sounded pretty darn big to me.
Whatever, I said, stepping around a puddle. Im just glad we wont be running into any. Just so you know, spiders we in 2012 classify as big are, like, ten inches across. And those are the monster ones.
Chloe just nodded and I was glad she didnt decide to tell me that there were also killer snakes bigger than redwood trees or cockroaches the size of German shepherds lurking around here in the dark.
I dont remember how long we walked then, with Chloe making the occasional right or left turn and me close behind just in case she was wrong about the great ice spider migration. After what seemed an eternity, with my mind playing tricks on me with shadows and my mind also showing me vivid pictures of having the flesh torn from my face by savage spiders, I opened my mouth to ask Chloe if, by any crazy chance, summer was almost over and if winter was coming--then I ran into her because she had stopped walking.
Normally I would have said something, anything, really, if Id bumped into anyone. But since I thought shed stopped because Shelob herself was blocking our path, I silently peered around Chloe, and then sighed with relief when I saw that it wasnt Shelob but only a dead end.
Wait, what the heck?
A dead end, really? I said to Chloe, Please tell me you saw this coming.
Chloe dropped to her knees and began brushing away at the floor like shed done in the alley and within seconds had found yet another trapdoor.
The two of us went to work to get it open and did but with a lot more effort than the time before. Once we were done we both ended up sitting back and panting a little.
Geez, but this hatch has been shut a while, I said, trying to catch my breath.
Chloe nodded and got to her knees. Since I was eight, she confirmed, looking down the hole, This one has lights so we wont need the glow stick, she said, putting the said green glow stick inside her coat, Were almost to where theyre keeping my father. Hes only guarded by two guards which change every twelve hours.
So we just walk in and bump the guys on the head? I asked, hoping that wasnt the plan.
More or less. We need to get in their armor. The problem is the surveillance cameras. Three exactly, actually. 
I peered at Chloe in the dim light. I could tell she hadnt thought this part of the plan through. Or if she did, she hadnt thought about it too hard. I saw a movie once where the guys trying to evade the cameras cut the power.
Wont work, Chloe said, shaking her head. The guards will be able to see us in the dark with their helmets.
I stood, and offered a hand to her. Well, Im all out of ideas.
Chloe accepted my hand, getting to her feet. Well try to draw the guards into a dead zone and subdue them. Its possible, just more dangerous.
I held up my hands. After the mammoth mech in the streets Im ready for some normal dudes. And I know tai-jutsu, nin-jutsu and jiujutsu. Just saying.
As do I, Chloe said. Havent used them much, though. Just had them implanted just in case. I prefer to shoot people.
Too bad the gloves are out of commission. I said, glancing at my dead glove that I was wearing. Bet we couldve shocked the crap out of those guys.
Chloe started explain to me about the closest dead zone that didnt have any cameras which was close enough to the guards to get their attention and draw them away. One would probably stay behind but after we knocked out his pal we hoped hed run to his rescue. 
Chloes final hope was that whoever was watching the screen the camera was feeding to would see two guards leave and two return. Easy peasy. 
We dropped into the opening and landed quietly on the marble floor. Yeah, you heard right. Marble floor. It looked like wed just dropped into a fancy hospital with the same sterile smell in the air. It took a while for our eyes to adjust to the brightness before Chloe gave me the sign for silence and we began creeping down the brightly lit hallway. 
It felt kind of stupid to be sneaking down a bright hallway, actually, but hey, I wasnt about to question Chloes motives. She had been here before, after all, whereas I was just the handsome tag-a-long. Before long the hallway made a sudden right and Chloe squatted down and motioned me down beside her. With our backs to the wall a few inches away from the edge, Chloe produced a pocket mirror and checked around the corner.
After shed finished her clich reconnaissance she glanced at me, seeing my look that said her little mirror move was, in fact, if she hadnt already known, really, really clich. Then she grabbed my head softly and pulled my ear against her lips, They are both there. She whispered, her words vibrating on my right lobe and her breath feeling extremely hot, like, degrees hot, against my frozen ear.
Since she wasnt exactly worrying her pretty little head about the closeness, and also since this seemed like as good a time as any to get that good whiff of Chloe that Id been trying to get ever since Rome, I leaned in and pressed my lips to her ear. Then go ahead, girl scout, I whispered, Im right behind you. Then, because I really wasnt caring about blowing my cover at that point, I said, You smell really good. Just saying.
Chloe pulled away, checked her mirror one last time, glanced at me then pulled my ear to her lips again, Thanks. She said and I could feel the smile on her lips, You dont smell so bad yourself.
Then, before I could tell her thank you, she stood suddenly, pulling me up with her. Taking a few steps back, Chloe then proceeded to stomp really hard, the noise echoing down the hallway like a gunshot.
It took a few fractured seconds for me to realize that she had just alerted the guards to our presence and that we should probably run. Darting back the way wed came, our footsteps rang out almost as loud as Chloe little heel stomp, so if there were any question the guards might have had about intruders, they were now confirmed.
We heard them discuss something for a second before hearing two sets of footsteps coming our way and, call me paranoid, but Im almost positive I heard them cock their rifles. 
Chloe flipped off a light switch when we ran into the last stretch of hallway that led to our ceiling entrance. The rest of this little scene didnt take too long and, honestly, not to sound like the snail that was mugged by the turtle-
But it all happened so fast
The future was a dangerous place, on the real. Of course, now that I look back on it, I suppose you could argue that breaking into any maximum security facility could get you shot no matter what year it was. This place wasnt exactly Langley, or anything, but I was thinking these guys werent playing around.
And neither was Chloe.
The first guard to round the corner received what I could only discern as a perfect ten hurricane kick to the side of his helmet, causing him to stagger and crash into the opposite wall. I was so mesmerized by Chuck Norris daughter that I forgot about the other guard, who hadnt forgotten about me and had grabbed me up in a painful bear hug and started squeezing the life out of me before I knew what was happening.
Normally, grabbing someone and squeezing them really hard wasnt exactly one of the best moves a guy could try. I mean, he could get his eyes gouged out, his ears bitten off you know, rough stuff. Unless, of course, the hugger happens to be wearing a super advanced battle suit, then the hug is pretty much lethal and his head is protected by a helmet.
I was glad I couldnt breathe or else I wouldve screamed like a little girl for madam ninja to save me. Not that it wouldve made much difference considering I saw that Chloe had somehow gotten the other guards helmet off and was pounding his face with it. 
I struggled against the strong arms clamped around me and kicked my feet around like crazy. I managed to somehow swivel a little, just enough to plant both my boots against the wall and push off as hard as I could, tripping my attacker and landing on top of him as we both fell to the hard marble floor.
Feeling air rush into my lungs when he lost his grip on me, I rolled off of him quickly and mounted his chest, grabbing at his mask in a desperate attempt to remove it so I could bludgeon his fat head like Chloe had done.
I was guessing the guard wasnt exactly digging the idea of my bludgeoning him with his own helmet because all it took to remove me from his chest was for him to grab my coat collar and throw me into the air.
Okay, I know you guys out there are probably realists. I mean, I know you probably want to hear this awesome action-packed story about my awesome feats and stuff. But, I also know that you guys arent going to take a lot of what I say to heart. Mainly about all the wild, crazy, gravity defying things that have happened already (and are going to happen later).
But let me go ahead and tell you that everything is completely true.
Alright, moving on. Just figured you needed to know that before I tell this next part.
The guard sent me flying into the air like a badminton birdie and crashing through the thin ceiling. Pain shot through my left leg as the thin aluminum panels that made up the ceiling bit through my pants and into skin. My ride wasnt finished as I cart wheeled three times in the open attic space, yelling like an idiot, before crashing through the ceiling again almost ten feet away from where Id ripped through first.
I landed on all fours, which resulted in my face planting the marble floor from the force. I laid there for a few seconds, with my check against the cold floor and noticed that it was quiet. Groaning, I rolled over to check on who was winning. 
The guard thatd just thrown me like a ragdoll was laying lifeless on the floor, his helmet removed and a pool of blood seeping out from under his head. Chloe was standing between the two downed guards with a helmet in each hand. You alright? She asked.
Never better. I said, But I think I may have just crapped my pants.
Chloe crossed over to me, smiling, These suits are pretty tough. I guess maybe I was expecting less action, though.
Sorry to be the burden of high-flying action, I muttered, extending a hand. Once I was pulled up my head started spinning. I told you that I cart wheeled three times because that seemed more logical, but to be honest, Im not sure how many times I really spun in the air before my landing. 
Three. Yeah, well say three.

Chapter 19



Try not to act like a child when we get back in range of the cameras. Chloes voice buzzed in my helmet. And dont make any sudden movements, either. Soldiers actually train for a whole year before wearing a Raptor-6.
I nodded, smiling like a maniac, glad that she couldnt see my face. These suits made the previous suits wed worn look like complete junk. With sturdy mini-cams on the sides of the helmet, I felt like I had an almost 180 degree vision. A small diagram was floating to the bottom right of my sight, indicating the condition of the suit. We didnt have to take our coats off before donning the suits but we had to lose our gauntlets of time, stashing them in a small compartment on the right side of the suits chest piece.
I was almost a foot taller in the Raptor-6, making me feel like I was walking on stilts, but I wasnt really caring as I strutted around in the dark red steel of the suit.
Wherere the weapons on these things? I asked, just noticing that the guards hadnt actually been toting any guns when we attacked them.
These havent been outfitted yet. Chloe said, Normally there are two shoulder gatlings, unless you wanted to put your grenade launcher on one shoulder, which is really more of an infantry thing. Most soldiers prefer to have the launcher in the right knee, which works like a mortar when kneeling. Holding up her left arm, she said, Sub-machine guns are generally installed in the forearms which work with the suits auto-lock capability, which will make your arms move for you, not a good feeling at first but people learn to deal with it.
We turned the corner, now in sight of the cameras. Did they just not figure on needing weapons down here? I asked.
Yes. My father abhors guns.
We reached the metal door and Chloe instantly started punching in numbers on the keypad. If anything out of the ordinary happens, the guards check on my father. She said as the door slid open, Im guessing she was supposed to sound like that little tidbit was to set my mind at ease, but I could so tell she was really trying to set her own mind at ease.
The room was enormous. For a laboratory, I mean, and the silence was pretty noticeable, too. Amongst all the tables that littered the room overflowing with all kinds of science stuff that I didnt recognize, and thats coming from a guy who lives in a lab in his basement, I got my first look at Chloes dad.
I dont really know what I had been expecting about Dr. Atrium Sparks. I mean, maybe a little like a mad scientist, but nothing too much more than that. All I know is that Dr. Atrium Sparks didnt fit my aforethought at all.
First off his hair wasnt white, or even graying, but instead was jet black. Secondly he was a freakin beast, man. He looked liked a body-builder with glasses and a lab coat. Chloe had removed her helmet by then and her dad had seen her and in a split seconds they were in each others arms.
Clover, Im so glad youre safe. He told her, looking the same size as the suit she was wearing, which was ridiculous. I was beginning to think you were dead.
Since I hadnt exactly been invited to the tearful reunion, I decided Id check out the lab while they were having a good cry. That is, until I actually took a step and Dr. Sparks noticed me and produced a handgun.
Who are you? he growled, his deep lovable father voice gone.
Sadly, this wasnt the first time Id met a girls father only to have him threaten me with a gun. Her name had been Raven Collins and her daddy was an ex-marine with a severe love for his daughter and firearms.
I was fifteen at the time. Remember how I said I hated that number?
Hes with me, father, Chloe decided to say only after her old man had already made me feel about as unwelcome as I could. Hes also the finder of the glove.
Upon hearing his daughters words, Dr. Sparks gasped, dropping his gun like it had burned him. Removing my helmet, I crossed over to him and held out an armored hand, Pleased to make your acquaintance, Doc. Im-
Jericho Johnson. He said suddenly. From 2012. He was still holding his hand like it was burned and his brows had furrowed in deep thought. And he was also staring at me in disbelief like I was I dont know, exactly.
Youre butlers name is Evonne, your maids name is Louise, youre a history professor, celebrity and billionaire who met my daughter the first time in Rome in A.D. 98 on a Thursday.
Alright, pal, I said, not liking this one bit for some reason, Start talking. Have me met?
Only once, he said, taking a step toward me, When I'd first finished the glove I tried jumping forward a few years as a test. You were here in Flagstaff during a revolt. His eyes were glassy in an almost drunk like way, and I saw him swallow as a bead of sweat rolled down his cheek.
Something was up. Either this dude wasnt right upstairs, had a weak heart or wasnt telling me everything. I was thinking the latter.
What happened? I asked.
We met topside, He said, each word seeming like a struggle, I had only known you for a few minutes maybe, when His voice trailed off.
When what? I asked, my voice rising, causing me to receive a look from Chloe.
There was an explosion in the southern precinct. Dr. Sparks said, You died there, Jericho.
I was already shaking my head. No way- I started but Dr. Sparks cut in.
I saw what was left of your body, he said, staring intently at me. You were dead, son.
Why was I there? Who was with me? I almost shouted only this time it was Dr. Sparks that was shaking his head.
You said you didnt have time to explain. The things I told you about yourself were the only things you told me then to prove that you were from the past.
Im going to pause this tale a minute to explain a plan I had made on one of my first voyages. The plan, as elaborate as Id like to say it was, was merely just a line or phrase that I used almost everywhere for instances just like this- when verifying someones credibility about me was a life or death situation.
Of course, you know, I never, like, thought about the whole life or death thing too literally 
For those of you who have been listening intently like I hope you have, you might actually remember the plan when you hear it. Maybe. 
Did I say something to you or ask you something that sounded a little crazy? I asked the doctor.
What? No, I dont think--ah! he said suddenly, snapping his fingers. Yes, you did, as a matter of fact. He pursed his lips in thought and screwed one eye closed as he pondered, causing me to wonder if this guy really was one of the great minds of his age like everyone thought. I believe you asked what my thoughts were on global warming and some sort of epidemic, or something
The mad cow disease, I said, my shoulders sagging.
Yes, thats it, Dr Sparks said, smiling because Im guessing he had been trying to remember it for a while. Then he noticed my face and also the gravity of what hed just told me.
Yeah, I said, nodding once and pointing. Im going to go clear my head on the other side of this rather depressing lab. It was a blast meeting you, dude. I started towards the opposite side of the lab, which, might I point out, turned out to be rocking an equal dose of depression. Lets do this again sometime.

Chapter 20



While I was wallowing in self-pity, Chloe told her father about the glove situation. Where is the original? He asked her. Sighing, because clearly they couldnt last two minutes with me, I opened up my chest piece.
Here, I said, holding out the glove, which, unless I was wrong and somehow turned into a vampire thus becoming immortal and therefore might actually appear in Russian-occupied America over three hundred years later looking ever the devilishly handsome rogue that I am, was going to be the harbinger of my inevitable and extremely untimely demise.
Dr. Sparks took the glove and turned it over in his hands, When did you notice it wasnt working?
I was about to delve into seemingly the most sarcastic uncalled for response Ive ever tried but Chloe, who knew me well enough to know that I wasnt in the best of moods, cut me off. Almost ten or fifteen minutes after the EMP grenade.
Dr. Sparks sat at his desk and in seconds had opened the glove. All thoughts of my death and being ticked about it vanished when I saw him crack open the glove. Howd you do that? I asked, Ive tried to open that thing a zillion times.
I designed it to only open for me, Jericho, he said, pointing to a spot on the glove casing that looked basically like the rest of the glove. It recognizes my impression here, thus allowing me, and only me, access. Were the gauntlet able to be opened by just anyone we would have a few more problems than we already do.
You mean like dying? Cause that sounds like a big Wait- did you just call it a gauntlet?
Nodding, Dr. Sparks looked thoughtfully at his lifes work in his hands, Yes. Ive always thought it resembled a gauntlet more than a glove.
Yeah, me too, I said, excited that I wasnt the only loser left on the planet. Whyd you give it sharp fingers, anyway?
Opening the gauntlet more to expose the innards, he said, The design to fit the required components left it with only one dangerously sharp finger. So I decided to make the others match. Tell me, did they ever come in handy?
Shrugging, I said, At times. Killed a man in the second crusade with them once.
Dr. Sparks was livid, You killed someone with them? 
How was I supposed to know they were just for looks? I shot at him. Theyre freakin sharp, man.
I leaned over his shoulder to get a better look at gauntlet guts. Wheres all the I started, frowning in confusion as my voice trailed off.
The actual science stuff? Dr. Sparks asked.
He was right. I had been expecting wires, smallish motherboard looking things, and, well, more wires. What I saw instead was a little odd. The only wiring and hardware located inside had to do with the touch-screen and that was it, really, except for one lone red wire that went from the touch-screen to something that resembled a palm-sized garnet that was glowing bright blue and looking expensive.
Dr. Sparks lifted the glowing garnet out of the case it was snuggly residing in and detached the wire, which was inserted into what I was guessing was a bored hole in the garnet
Holding it up for us to see--except he was looking at it in wonder like hed never lain eyes on the thing before--he said, Its all about this, you know. This is what has made our conversation today possible, Jericho Johnson.
And my untimely death, dont forget, I muttered but my sarcasm wasnt heard by the man who was staring wonderingly at the garnet. So what is it, exactly?
I call it element Z-90, but who knows what it really is. He said, almost dreamily.
Well, since youve developed a way to travel through time with it, I was kind of thinking that--oh, I dont know--you did.
Oh not in the least. Dr. Sparks told me quickly, One of the reasons being is that what you see here, with the exception of two slivers removed to power the other gauntlets, is the only element zero on the planet to date.
So Im guessing since its still glowing away its not broken, or anything? I asked, peering at it, Cause, you know, I was kind of thinking about some sushi tacos
Shaking his head, the good doctor said, No, its not damaged. Weve discerned through some of the first trial testing with Z-90 that shattering a diamond would be easier than cracking it. The touch-screens are the only things that need to be fixed. Then, cocking his head to the side, he asked, Sushi tacos?
Since I didnt feel like explaining my vices to him, I cut to the chase by turning to Chloe and saying, Alright, Chloe, heres your daddy, safe and sound. Now can I please go home? Call it what you will, but Id had enough of the future to last me the rest of my life. See why I always preferred the past over the unknown?
Not going to say I told you so--
But I did. Tell you so, I mean.
Chloe then proceeded to explain the whole tale to her father, from my offering to help her save him, to the EMP grenade incident, sparing no detail save some of the awkward moments I know she had when faced with my hotness. Anyway, after story time, which lasted almost five minutes, Dr. Sparks told us a tale of his own. One that included, but was not limited to, murder, espionage, the end of the world and, lets not forget, my death.
And time travel, too. Yeah, that was mentioned more than once.
Verde von Klaus is planning something, he started, I knew from the beginning not to get involved with him but the finances that my research required, a severely vast sum that he was willing to provide his voice trailed off.
Surely theres more to this Klaus guy besides money, I said, leaning against a table and folding my arms.
     He never explained his reasons for wanting to fund my work, though he implied that he had a passionate lust for knowledge in any field, Dr. Sparks said and he looked like he was going to be sick. 
After the construction of the first gauntlet and successful jump, I went to Klaus to tell him but I stopped at his office door long enough to overhear a delicate conversation he was having with a colleague.
Chloe was on the edge of her seat, which confused me until I remembered her telling me she didnt know the full extent of Klaus plan. 
Please understand, Jericho, that the world you knew before is gone. Russia used to have morals once, long ago and you may have seen some of them. But when worlds change, so do the occupants. Russia now controls over half the planet and Klaus is at the helm.
Whoa, back up, man, I said, holding up my hands. So hes like a, what, president? King? Dictator for life?
Im sure by now you know of the current war between the Fascists and Bears? He asked.
Nodding, I said, Yeah, Chloe mentioned something about it. You guys are clankers, though, and are neutral so far.
Clankers? Dr. Sparks repeated, peering at me and frowning in confusion.
Dont get him started, Chloe chimed in. I shot her an annoyed look that told her if she hated my geek talk so much she shouldve mentioned it before.
Whatever. You know you love it when I talk nerdy to you, I said, giving her a smirk. Then, to her father, I said, Anyway, carry on.
Klaus hasnt thrown his lot in with either party so far, not even us clankers, as you put it, Dr. Sparks said and he seemed like the thought troubled him. The conversation I overheard cleared it all up, though.
He sighed and Chloe and I watched him. We were probably both thinking, What the heck, man? Hurry up with the juiciness, already. I know thats what I was thinking right about then. 
To make a long story short, Klaus is planning on sending millions of troops back to 1900.
Chloe frowned, not sure why this was a horrible plot of death and destruction. 
But guess what the guy who had a masters degree in history had to say to that?
Its for 1907, I said plainly, causing Chloe to turn her confused frown on me.
Thats seven years later, She said, Why not just send them to 1907?
My eyes never left Dr. Sparks as Klaus plan, which only took the few words from Chloes father to spark, unrolled in my mind. Because hes not sending thousands of troops. Hes sending thousands of these bad boys, I said, tapping the suit I was wearing. He wants the past soldiers to be fully ready, thus the seven year gap.
Ready for what? Chloe asked in an exasperated tone. Clearly she wasnt digging being in the dark.
Im a bit of a freak when it comes to history. Words cant explain how much I adore it. Those reasons, and others, are mainly why Im kind of a walking history book. So, without rushing too much, I spilled the Russian beans to Chloe.
In 1879 Germany formed a Dual Alliance with Austria-Hungary which later, in 1882, expanded to a Triple Alliance to include Italy with the understanding to support each other if either countries were attacked by France or Russia. Since the French dont like things they dont understand, they felt threatened by this and with the growth of the German Navy in 1904, so did England and the two countries made an Entente Cordiale, which means friendly understanding. Three years later, with fear of the rising numbers in the German ranks, Russia got in on the no-germans-allowed club and the Triple Entente was established. The words poured out of me like a pitcher of water.
I dont understand, Chloe said, still aggravated. What difference does it make?
Oh, my gosh, would someone get this chic a map, or something? I said, getting too caught up in my rant. Germany, Austria-Hungary and Italy are all connected and separate Russia from Britain and France. This alliance was the best thing that ever happened to Russia, who, might I add, also added Serbia to the alliance so Austria-Hungary wouldnt expand their borders.
Did I mention I was leaning against a table with my arms folded? Because I had long since started pacing. Industrial unrest in Russia started in 1907 and, as you might know, was Russias honey-hole, so to speak. The Lena goldfield massacre of 1912 which involved hundreds of uprising striking miners was Russias last attempt of stability and in the first half of 1914, almost half of the industrial workforce was on strike. But at the dawn of the First World War, Russia started doing what Russia did best.
I stopped long enough to look at my very Russian audience and said, No offense.
They both shrugged and I kept going.
Russia was, without a doubt the largest military powerhouse at the time. Were talking almost six and a half million troops, here. The problem occurred because they spent so much time building an incredibly large army, and since half the clankers were on strike, that they didnt have the proper roads or railways for adequate transportation. General Alexander Samsonov, leader of the Russian Second Army, squared off against Germanys General Paul von Hindenburg and General Erich Ludendorff on August twenty-second and after six days of slaughter, even with their vast numbers, Russia was surrounded. Samsonov tried to escape, losing most of his men in the process. In the end, only ten thousand of the one-hundred and fifty-thousand Russians escaped and the Germans, who had lost twenty-thousand men, marched over ninety-two-thousand Russian prisoners off the field. General Samsonov committed suicide afterward.
After spilling all this, I finally got to my point.
In less than a year after that battle, Russia lost over two-million soldiers and several cities to the German invasion. Not to mention the agricultural bust Russia suffered which delved what was left of the remaining populace into vast food shortages. Bottom line is, if Samsonov wouldve won the Battle of Tannenberg, Russia wouldve most likely won the war. Crushing Germany wouldve been nothing considering how large the armies were. Once Germany was taken Austria-Hungary and Italy wouldve fell right in line to the new rulers. There really wouldnt have been a limit to the things Russia couldve accomplished had Samsonov won.
Silence followed. Chloe seemed to be staring at the floor really hard while her dad did something similar to the opposite wall.
Thats got to be the only logical thing Klaus would be doing. I said. There could be a slight chance that he just wants to get a mail-order bride but I wouldnt bet on it.
This was meant as a light attempt of humor to, you know, lighten, I guess, the mood.
It didnt work.
So lets recap, shall we? I started, tapping my suit of armor, How many of these can you produce in a day?
Twenty-thousand is our daily limit. Dr. Sparks said, Although we havent actually made any in almost two years because we massed produced them and stored almost four million below-- He stopped talking. Im guessing the real gravity of Klaus plot just hit him in the face with a glass of ice water.
No kidding. Four-million? I echoed, nodding at him. So he grabs an ungodly amount of firepower, heads back in time to drop it off and gives them over a decade to train. Any chances of him bringing something back to make railroads and highways?
Dr. Sparks looked at me. I suppose he could.
Hmm, I said. Thats what I would do. They really needed some decent roads, on the real.
Chloe and her father gave me an I-cant-believe-youre-talking-about-this look. To which I shrugged and said, Im just saying.
If he takes the Dragonovs he wont need any roads, Dr. Sparks said, standing to his feet. This is why the gauntlet had to be hidden, Jericho. I wasnt able to tell Chloe any of this after Klaus men took me into custody and she was sent to retrieve it. Had she known, it would not be here now.
Look, doc, I said, I feel like the butterfly effect is a bogus theory, but I have to tell you, I havent really done anything too drastic.
Such as? He asked, clearly worried.
Oh, you know, not too much
He punched Leonardo da Vinci in the face, Chloe said, crossing her arms. And stole a certain Roman emperors fiddle.
I gave her a dirty look. Since I didnt have any siblings growing up, I cant say if I looked at her the way I would have looked at a tattling brother or sister. But Im pretty sure I wasnt far off. Yeah, like I said, not much. But changing the course of history this drastic doesnt sound too awesome, if I may say so. No offense, but we beat the Germans. Twice. I dont know what we wouldve done about you guys.
Dr. Sparks turned to his desk. Neither do I, was all he said. Ill fix the gloves then Chloe will take you home. Youve done all you can.
Just like that? I asked, I mean, tell me about impending doom and then send me home?
Its not your problem, Jericho- Chloe started and I could hear sincerity but I cut her off instead.
Forgive me if Im incorrect, Chloe, but I believe Im over three-hundred years older than you. If this thing goes south my world is going to hit the fan first. You think Im going to go back to my sushi tacos and Xbox and just wait for Mother Russia to appear on my doorstep? Not likely. Regardless of what you people might believe, this affects all of us. Im in it now and Im not going home.

Chapter 21



Once upon a time, there lived an amazing, awesome, super-rich, mega-hottie time-traveler guy from the year 2012. He was always so carefree about what the future might hold because he felt invincible. This ingenious hero also had a way with the ladies
And thats pretty much all Ive gotten so far on that little piece. I might finish it later. Preferably on a day that I dont die. Yeah, thatd rock.
Howre you hanging with the story so far, whoever-you-are? Is it the good, gripping tale of bodacity that you were hoping for? I sure hope so. Itd be a real bummer to find out I went to all this trouble of recording this thing and you werent having a great time out there.
What time is it, anyway?
Chloe was silently pacing on the other side of the room after my rant about helping them save the world and her father was tinkering with the gloves. Dr. Sparks had started working on mine first, which was fine by me because apparently that was the only one that mattered anyway, it seemed.
I decided that Chloe needed a little cheering up. I mean, sure she was a big girl strutting around in a suit of super-armor, but everyone needs a hug every now and then.
So whats the plan, exactly? I asked her. I know, right? Not exactly the best way to take a girls mind off of death and destruction. I thought this after Id already spoken so I tried to avert the question Id just thrown out by adding, Cause I was kind of thinking that you and I needed to go out sometime and the end of the world would put a big damper on my sweeping you off your feet and all.
Chloe smiled and said, It would be nice to eat a meal when you didnt have five other girls drooling over you.
Always back to Dennys with you, isnt it? I said, I mean, dont you remember all the other things about me?
Frowning in thought, she asked, Good things?
Duh, the good things. I sure dont want to hear the bad things.
Alright, good things, then she said, closing an eye in thought. After a few seconds Chloe said, I cant think of any.
Laughing, I shoved her shoulder, What the helheim, man? I was an awesome teacher.
Oh, Mr. Johnson, youre, like, the most amazing teacher ever. Chloe said in the most amazing teen-chic voice Ive ever heard someone mock, OMG, I totally have to Tweet all my friends about you catching the fry I threw in your mouth.
I wasnt used to being mocked. I mean, just being honest. I was usually the one on the dishing end of mockery- not the receiving end. Whatever, I said, Forgive me for being incredible. If I recall you tossed a fry in the air that night, also.
Shrugging, Chloe leaned against the table I was leaning against with my arms folded. There really isnt a plan yet, she said, back to business. Wow. And I thought I was supposed to be making her feel better. But, I guess, her mocking me was fun for her and, dont tell her I said this, I really didnt mind it and, also dont tell her this, she was actually really a blast to be around.
You know, when we werent fighting for our lives against huge robots, freezing elements or giant man-eating spiders.
Anyway, the point is, the past three consecutive days that I had just spent with Chloe was actually the most time Id ever spent with one girl, almost. Not saying I was this womanizing player, or anything- just stating the facts. Most of the girls I sent packing werent mean or psychopaths, I just didnt really care to be around them anymore.
The only other girl Id spent an enormous length of time with was Piper from my trip to the Vikings.
Chloe, on the other hand, was someone who I was thoroughly enjoying being around. Maybe because I can literally count on one hand the small amount of women that I dont mind being around or that all the other girls thought I was some dude who could tell the future that made them unappealing. Im not really sure. All I know is that Chloe Sparks knew the real me, with all my flaws, yes, I admit I have a few, and she still hadnt gave me the boot so Im guessing that she was starting to enjoy my company, too, maybe.
And I dont have that many flaws. Maybe, like, two or three, max.
And I suppose my helping save her daddy was one of the reasons she didnt give me the boot. Just saying.
Then I was thrown from my thoughts by Chloe saying, Im really glad you came, by the way. You didnt have to help me.
I have this weird habit of not being able to hold eye-contact with people who are talking directly to me. Its not that Im embarrassed or shy or anything. I just cant, for some reason. But Im smart enough to know when eye-contact shouldnt be wavered because of the importance of what whoever is speaking to me is saying.
I turned my head to look at her and, sure enough, she was looking at me. What was I supposed to say? I mean, I wanted to say a lot of stuff but only, like, two of them had anything to do with what she was saying. I was so glad none of my inner-turmoil showed on my face and I really looked like I was content just staring into her gorgeous face.
Reaching over, she touched my armored hand with hers. Thank you. Was all she said. Then she was gone, walking to the other side of the room where her father was working on the gauntlets.   
And that was pretty much it. I mean, really, Jericho? You couldnt have said, oh, I dont know, anything?
Just wow.
Since I had apparently made her feel better somehow or another, I waited a few minutes, mainly because I didnt want her to think I was following her like a rat terrier, before crossing the room. Sooo I said, Howre the gloves going?
Yours is basically finished. Dr. Sparks said, holding up mine for me to, I dont know, examine, I guess, to see if it, you know, was all back to its time-traveling self, and all.
I took it from him and turned it over in my hands, Chloe said there wasnt a plan. So, how would a dude go about making one? Cause Im not digging this whole end-of-the-world thing. Just saying. And whats up with Chloes gauntlet?
Dr. Sparks stood, Im afraid the second glove is useless- at least for time-travel. The Z-90 shard was somehow de-energized from the grenade, Im afraid. Removing a replacement would take days whereas we have an hour, at best.
I frowned, Hour to do what?
Then, and I mean, like, right then and most certainly not a whole hour away, an alarm went off. Dr. Sparks, who, to me, should have been running around like a madman, simply sighed and said, Did I say my hour scenario was wishful thinking?
Yeah, try like two minutes. I shot at him. I still dont know what were supposed to do to save the world. I mean, not to sound ungrateful, but youve been a tad vague, doc.
Dr. Sparks walked to the entrance way and punched away at the keypad, closing what looked like a blast shield on the lab side of the door. This should by us about ten minutes. He said before smashing the keypad with hard punch. Get out of those suits.
Without questioning him, Chloe and I proceeded to remove the armor. They were actually easy to get on and off, which was surprising considering how snug you felt strutting around in it. Dr. Sparks eyed our Nazi coats for a second before nodding, Id heard a museum had been robbed. I suppose theyll be warm if you need them for your jump.
Jump to where? I asked, adjusting my long coat, and looking at him hard thinking that I could stare more info out of him.
We only have minutes, so I need both of you to listen carefully, he said, looking ever the serious dude while he did so. Klaus is not without friends. The only chance we have to stop him is two years into the future during a revolt in the middle of the city.
I frowned. This sounded familiar. I raised my hand.
Question.
Yes? Dr. Sparks said, looking at me like Id just grown another head.
Would this happen to be the same revolt that I die in?
Dr Sparks shrugged apologetically then nodded. The same.
So what, I just, uh, avoid anything that blows up? Is that your plan?
I was going to say not enter the city, but yes, avoiding exploding objects wouldnt hurt, Id think, he said. Holding out his hand, he said, Let me have the gauntlet one last time.
I handed him the glove and looked at Chloe.
Chloe? I said.
Hm?
I dont want to die.
Since I said this in a sing-song voice she smiled at me. Who knows, maybe youll die before that so you wont have to worry about it.
Gee, I said, narrowing my eyes at her. You always know just what to say. Then, to her dad, So why two years from now? I mean, call me crazy, but cant we just bust in the dudes office and, I dont know, shoot him, or something?
Not possible. Hes on constant lockdown due to his numerous enemies in high places, Dr. Sparks said, punching away at the gauntlet screen. But, as luck would have it, Klaus is about to follow the two of you after your jump.
And this is a good thing how?
Ive just programmed your glove to use some of your latest jumps as means to lose them. Since I dont know where you have been they cant get anything out of me. He handed me back the silver-white gauntlet. You kill Klaus in the revolt, Jericho. Him going after the two of you will put him right where we need him.
This was going way, way too fast.
Slow down a sec, I said, Let me see if I can try and zero in on your logic, doc. You want me and your daughter to get swept around random places in time so that Klaus will follow us and I can kill him two years from now?
It sounded crazy. Like, really crazy. But Dr. Sparks nodded, and since I didnt see any other plan in sight, and also since Id already manned up again to save the world, I just said, Okay. Just making sure we were on the same page.
We wont have any weapons except the gloves, Chloe pointed out.
Dont worry, I told her. I know a guy.
Someone pounded hard against the door to the lab and shouted something unintelligible. Thatll be Klaus, Dr. Sparks said, seeming almost cavalier about the whole thing. Chloe, could you give me and Jericho a second?
Chloe was probably more than a little curious as to why her daddy wanted to have a talk with the dude she brought home and so was the dude, actually.
I know you feel like you dont know whats exactly happening or how to act. He started, looking at me intently, All I know is when I met you two years from now, you knew what you had to do. I dont know what happens along the way but in the end, you hate Klaus more than anything.
It didnt take a rocket scientist to grasp what the good doctor was getting at. Dont worry, doc. I said, smiling reassuringly at him, Ill have her home before she turns into a pumpkin.
Dont let her out of your sight, if you can.
I was about to ask him why, exactly, when the pounding stopped and the grinding started on the door. Dr. Sparks pulled us into the center of the room and had to shout over the noise from the guards trying to gain entrance. These jumps are each timed differently. He told us, his loud voice echoing in our ears, When its time to go youll have to be together or one of you will get left behind. Then, he touched Chloes arm one last time before rushing to the door to, I dont know, see if he could keep the bad guys out longer, I guess.
Wow. This plan just got more and more half-cocked by the second. We just stood there, not really sure what we were supposed to be doing- until I looked at the screen on my glove.
There was a timer on the bottom right hand corner of the screen that was counting down.
It had seven seconds left. Panicking, I grabbed Chloe around the waist with my left arm, pulling her to me as I checked what our destination was.
794 A.D.
Hope you like Icelandic cod, sweetheart, I told her.
The last thing Chloe said before her face melted away with mine into the fabrics of time and space was, Whats cod?
Oh yeah. This was going to be a blast.
That was sarcasm, if you didnt catch it the first time.
Just saying

Chapter 22



Svalbard, January 17th, 794 A.D.

For those of you out there who have actually been listening to every awesome word Ive been saying, you might recall that my first expedition to the Vikings was in 793 A.D. and not, in fact, 794 A.D.
I guess this is the best time to tell you that I stayed with my brethren of the north almost three months and carried over into 794 
They were freakin great. Sue me.
Also since I didnt go back to the first time I got there I was thinking that all the jumps would land me back to when I left and not when I arrived. As far as the Vikings were concerned, this wasnt that bad.
I could think of a few of my last voyages that landing at when I left might not be the safest place to be. Just saying.
Since Id just been running through a frozen ten below wasteland not too long ago, the twenty degree weather of the Nordic land felt like the freakin Bahamas, let me tell you.
We were still plastered together for a few seconds after successfully jumping with me holding her around the waist like the cover of a scandalous romance novel. Hi, I told her, waggling my eyebrows. Whats a Russian chic like you doing in a Viking place like this?
She pushed away from me, Whats the date?
Well, I was hoping we could have our first real date, you know, after we save the world but Svalbard is as good a place as any, I guess.
She glared at me. Dang. Just when I thought she was warming up to me she started glaring again. Its January seventeenth, 794 A.D. and were on Svalbard, a lovely little mega island which is about halfway between Norway and the North Pole and is home to some of most merry band of Vikings that ever lived. In a few hundred more years from now people will refer to this little patch of frozen heaven as part of the Arctic. Also, the summer is around forty-three degrees, tops. I peered around at the barren snow-covered, mountainous island, History says that the Vikings didnt discover this place until the twelfth century. Just FYI.
It was around 10:00 in the morning and the wind was blowing like it always did. It really was a beautiful place. The sunshine reflecting off the snow was blinding and we both squinted hard against blinding glare. We were at the bottom of a valley a few miles outside of the village I had hung with for over three months. The trees were thick but bare, giving us a pretty good view of our surroundings.
Then it started snowing. Not heavy, just steady. 
Pointing, I said, Nearest settlement is that-a-way. I Stayed with these folks a while so Im kind of a local celebrity.
How long, exactly? Chloe asked as she fell in step behind me, trudging through the snow.
A tad over three months.
Youve got to be kidding me.
Nope, I told her. If I recall finals were due and I wasnt ready for all the paperwork so I decided to take a few months off.
I heard her laugh softly behind me. I suppose that you being friends with anyone we come in contact with is a plus. 
The snow had started picking up after wed walked about five minutes, clinging to our overcoats while we traversed through the bare trees in the direction that I was hoping would lead us to the village. How much time do we have here? Chloe asked suddenly.
Huh?
On the glove. Doesnt it tell how long until the next jump?
Oh. I hadnt thought of that. Checking the glove, I found that we had almost six hours to burn. Which was fine by me cause I was really looking forward to the hospitality of my Viking brethren. Just saying. Right at six hours, I said, Awesome. Waitll you taste some of the food around here. Its divine.
Im sure, Chloe said, sighing.
I glanced back at her. No, really, it is-- I started to say but the arrow burying into the tree a foot away from my head somehow, get this, made me stop talking. Weird, huh?
Get down! I shouted, grabbing Chloes shoulder and pulling her to the ground with me. Then, to whoever was using us as target practice, I called, Its Jericho.
Silence. Then I heard scuffling in the distance as someone came out in the open with a drawn bow and nocked arrow. Judging by the figure, I could see it was a chic. Judging by the white-blond hair, I could see that it was-
Piper, I shouted to her, waving my arms back and forth and smiling broadly. Youre a sight for sore eyes, sweetheart, let me tell you.
Jericho? Piper said, confusion evident on her cute face before she smiled back. I guess to her Id only been gone maybe a hour. Why are you still here? You said you wouldnt be back for a long time when you left. She told me, trotting the short distance between us and grabbing me in a big hug.
Im so glad youre back She said, her voice small and sincere, Somethings happened
I pulled away, holding her shoulders and looking at her hard, What?
The pact with the southern war-bands is no more. Piper said.
I frowned. I know. That happened about a week ago. I thought you said everything would be fine when Bjourn went to talk to them.
Piper didnt say anything but her face sure as helheim did.
Wheres Bjourn? I asked her, trying not to sound harsh or rushing. The problem is that when I was here last, Id told Bjourn the Berserker not to try and treat with the south yet. 
But you know Vikings--stubborn isnt a strong enough word.
Theyve taken him, she said, her face cracking.
I dropped my hands from her shoulders, growled in frustration, kicked a small bush and ended my tantrum with my hands on my hips and pacing in the snow.
I told him, I almost shouted, shaking my head, But nooo- not Bjourn the freakin Berserker with a rep like a rockstar. No way was he going to let this thing go.
Okay, for those of you whore a little lost as to what was exactly going down right at that moment, Ill sum it up for you.
Id been hunting, fishing, skinning and hunting some more with Piper and her entourage for two months and also, at the request of Bjourn and his brother Bulwark the Mighty, had been sitting in on the lovely little war councils they had every Thursday night at around 6:00. Well, it really started at 6:30 but we all liked to get there early to catch up with each other and drink honey mead until it actually started.  
And dont ask me why they referred to it as a war council considering there wasnt, in fact, a war going on. 
Anyway, in one of the later meetings I was in one ragged scout had brought news that Bjourns southern borders, which were off limits by the war-bands on the opposite side of it, were being patrolled daily by the southern tribes.
Being the brilliant diplomat that I am, I told Bjourn that, even though they werent actually breaking any rules by just riding the fence line so to speak, he probably should get in touch with them and see how relations were. Since shooting someone an email wasnt an option in 793 A.D., people made pacts and didnt speak to each other for years all the time.
Since I could be away from danger anytime I wanted in less than ten seconds, I even offered to go as his emissary. Long story short, Bjourn told me no, called the scout a craven, then motioned for a serving girl to refill his mead-horn.
Two weeks later, the southern war-bands sent word that the pact was no more by attacking one of Bjourns hunting parties, resulting in two casualties and several wounded hunters. Bjourn then bellowed about the outrage and decided that he was going to have a chat with them. I told him not to and that it was the worst idea in the history of worse ideas, to no avail.
So he left.
And a few days later, so did I, telling Piper, whom I spent most of my time with, that I wouldnt be back for a long time.
So there I was, back in a hour or so and hearing that Bjourn the Berserker, leader and ruler of the northern war-bands, didnt listen to me and got himself captured. Funny how so much could change in sixty minutes.
You werent hunting, were you. I told Piper, looking her up and down and noticing the extra armor and lack of dead animals slung at her side. She always was a good shot.
Scouting, she said. We heard that southern forces were marching our hills so Bulwark sent me.
Where is Bulwark? I asked.
In council at the moment. Piper said, adding Sorry for letting that arrow loose.
Then Piper finally noticed Chloe, the girl standing a few feet away watching our exchange curiously. Whos she? she asked, looking Chloe up and down. And what are you two wearing?
The clothes are a long story, I said, looking at Chloe, who happened to be glaring at Piper. Obviously she wasnt too thrilled about the way Piper was checking her out. And this is Chloe, a friend of mine. Chloe, meet Piper.
Chloe offered her hand and Piper shook it. Well met, stranger, she said.
Charmed, Chloe said, her voice dripping with tons of, I dont know, something that I didnt like.
Piper, why dont you take point? Well see you back at the village in a few minutes, I told her, never taking my eyes off my embarrassing Russian comrade.
Just be careful, Jericho, Piper said, touching my shoulder one last time before jogging into the snow-laden forest.
What the heck was that? I shot at Chloe once I was sure Piper was out of earshot. 
What was what? Chloe asked innocently.
You know what I mean, Chloe, I was pretty ticked. 
Clearly it was time to let little miss Russia know a few things about time-travel etiquette.
Her village is in shambles because their leader has been taken captive by a band of invading enemies bent on her and her peoples destruction, and you decide that sarcastic disdain is the best way to say hi?
Trying, and failing, to rival my vehemence, she said, She was looking at me like--
Like what? I asked sharply, cutting her off. Like someone she didnt know while scouting her forest for possible enemies? I leaned in close to her and she backed up, bumping into a tree. Get. Over. Yourself. While you were acting like a high-school cheerleader checking out competition, she was genuinely wondering where the helheim you came from, and with good reason.
Chloe just stared at me, not knowing what to say.
I know you think were just here for six hours, and we are, but these are all real people with real problems and real swords pointed at them from all direction. Youre not just watching a movie thatll be over soon and you can get on with your life. Youre really right here, right now.
And with that, I turned and started for the village without another word. I did stop to make sure Chloe was following me, only she wasnt and was still leaning against the tree Id backed her up against, staring at the ground. 
Well, cmon, sunshine, we dont have all day.
I was still mad while we trekked through the snow, out of the forest and into the field where Id snapped pictures of Piper doing a headstand, then a few of her fishing, then a few of her smiling at me. It seemed so long ago but in reality, for me, I mean, Itd only been about two weeks.
Then a spear stuck in the dirt a few inches from my right foot. 
Im going to go with my being so irate at Chloe that I wasnt paying attention to the band of marauding warriors bearing down on us riding some of the largest horses imaginable.
Im not really a quick thinker most of the time. Just being honest. I was always that guy who got hit with whatever was being thrown by someone saying, Think fast.
But when presented with life-threatening situation, Im actually not that bad.
Snatching up the spear in my gauntlet clad right hand, I rushed at the three men on heavy horses, reared back, hopped one step, and launched it at them. The man Id been aiming for mustve also been one of those guys who got hit when presented with a think fast maneuver, because I got him in the left shoulder, de-horsing him. 
Get away! I shouted at Chloe, a pointless gesture considering shed already bolted at the nearest warrior and somehow vaulted onto the back of his horse, surprising me and especially the man riding the thing. Well, I mean, I know that I wouldve been surprised if some chic in a Nazi coat jumped on the back of my horse. Since the dudes face was shadowed by the heavy helm he was sporting, the only inclination I had of his surprise was when he screamed and tried to throw a few elbows at his new riding partner.
I also saw that the dude turned out to be a dudette. Which was a real bust because I was too busy with trying not to die to be able to enjoy the chic-fight that ensued once the both of them hit the ground and started rolling around in a tussle.
Let me pause here a moment to tell you, whoever-you-are, that normal soldiers, after receiving a spear in the shoulder, would be out for the count. Or at least retreating.
But Vikings are not your normal soldiers.
The guy who I hit was the first one to me, slashing his huge greatsword, which he was using in one hand. Not the easiest thing to do considering how much one of those things weigh, at me. I rolled to my left, managing to get my body out of the way of the wide blade but not my long coat, which, after my bout with the wounded warrior, wasnt long anymore.
I didnt have time to congratulate myself on yet another survival because the second man, who was brandishing a spear, tried to take a stab at me. Catching the weapon just below the spearhead, I gave it a hard tug as he rode past, completely pulling him off his horse. 
If you werent so stubborn- I said, planting a foot on his armored chest and wrenching the spear from his hand, -youd learn to let go. Whirling around, I ran at the first attacker, who still had the spear lodged in his shoulder. But just as I reared back to sail my second spear at him, an arrow buried in his throat.
Ouch. A spear was one thing but something told me he wasnt about to just walk that one off.
But you know what? The dude kept coming at me, his sword held high for an attack.
What the heck, man? I shouted, taking a stance with my spear. I was glad when he fell almost ten feet from me, though. It wouldve been a little embarrassing to maybe die at the hands of a man about to be dead himself.
Be careful, Jericho, Piper said, stepping to my right.
No freakin kidding, I muttered.
Jericho! I heard Chloe scream. Spinning on my heel I saw that the warrior chic shed tried to take down didnt exactly want to go down without a fight if Chloe being swung hard by her arm and doing a face plant in the snow was anything to go by.
Piper, I said, pointing at the woman who had produced a dagger and was about to pounce on Chloe with it.
Without so much of a word, Piper pulled another arrow into her bow and sent it sailing. Her arrow struck true, burying into the warrior chics left leg. This slowed her down and mustve made her realize the bodacity of Piper and her bow because she limped another few feet, grabbed Chloe out of the snow and put the dagger to her throat while using her as a body shield.
Piper pulled another arrow and was about to draw when I placed a hand on her bow, Dont do it, Pipe. I know youre good, and all, but I cant have little miss Russia dying.
Get my horse, said the chic that held Chloe captive, You, with the glove.
I held up my hands. Look, lady, weve all had a doozy of a day so far. Why dont you just put the dagger down--
My horse, she growled again, taking a step back and dragging Chloe with her. I saw the blade bite into skin and saw blood. 
Alright, I told her, starting in the direction of the warhorse almost thirty feet away. Just take it easy.
Once Id snagged the reins of the semi-skittish horse, I started toward the parley. Well, I mean, I thought it was going to be a parley, anyway. You know, switch Chloe for the horse. But once I was standing ten feet away, the warrior woman made it clear that the one holding the hostages is the one who makes the rules.
She clicked her tongue and the horse started toward her. When it arrived, and dont ask me how because the stupid goliath of a horse was in the way, she somehow climbed into her saddle in two steps and, get this, dragged Chloe onto the horse with her.
Before I knew it the warrior chic had kicked her horse into gear and was bounding away with little miss Russia lying across her saddle with a knife to the back of her neck. 
It took me a few seconds for me to realize what had just happened when I saw Chloes glove slip from her hand during the tussle and land in the snow.
Really, lady? I shouted, whirling to Piper, Shoot her.
I could hit your friend. She said, but I noticed she drew her arrow back.
Try and hit her horse, or something, I said, waving at the quickly decreasing target like a maniac.
You know, the Arabs believe horses to be sacred animals. They treat them with respect and let them stay in their houses and bathe them and some even pray to them.
Piper wasnt an Arab. She happened to be a Viking. And Vikings, if you didnt know, eat their horses. 
The first arrow missed by a few feet and me practically jumping up and down like a numbskull probably didnt help her shot because the second arrow missed, too and by that time Chloe and her captor were too far away.
Just wow. Id been there for, like, literally twenty minutes and Id already lost Chloe to enemy Viking raiders.
Things werent exactly looking good for the home team.
Just saying

Chapter 23



Piper was a pretty level headed girl. For a nineteen year-old Viking chic, I mean. So when I lost it and started kicking snow into the air and growling like a pit-bull on steroids, she just stood there, her bow in hand. 
Gladly, this only went on for about a minute, at which point I calmed down and felt foolish. Where did they take her?
They have a lot of camps, Jericho, she said, slinging her bow across her back. Pointing in the direction Chloe had been dragged away, Piper added, But since they went west, they could only be headed to one of two camps that way.
I perked up at that. Really?
Piper nodded. Yes, but neither will be easy to get into with our heads still sitting on our shoulders.
Checking my gauntlet, I saw that I had five and a half hours left till the next jump. It just didnt look like enough time. Remembering Chloes glove, I went to retrieve it. How long will it take to get to either one of these camps? I asked, bending over to pick the white gauntlet up out of the snow.
About five hours.
I stopped dusting the snow off the gauntlet and looked at her. Seriously?
She nodded, a small frown on her lips. But longer if we can get Bulwark and his men to help us. I was already shaking my head.
No, Piper, you dont understand. Five hours is already not enough time as it is.
They arent going to kill her. Most likely theyll put her to work or, if shes pretty enough, make her their chiefs woman, Piper said and I guess she was trying to help calm me down by telling me that.
I took a deep breath. How was I going to explain everything to her? I mean, I could rattle off the predicament in about ten seconds but if she didnt understand, it wouldnt help matters. The only thing I had to my aide was a fishing trip Piper and I had gone on alone that lasted about three weeks. Id told more things to her than the rest of her brethren one night while we were curled up by a fire, huddled close so we didnt freeze to death.
I know. Romantic, huh?
Do you remember when I told you where I was really from?
Instantly, Piper said, You said you were from a different time. That was all.
The way shed replied so quickly led me to believe that shed thought about the conversation more than once. I wanted to ask you more, she started, her voice trailing off as she looked anywhere but at me, her cheeks red.
The evening was a relatively cold one on that particular night, as I recall.
Its freakin fre-freezing, I had said through chattering teeth while jumping up and down behind Piper, who was busy lighting a fire.
You always sa-say th-that, She said- not in the least bit cold but mocking me with a beautiful smile on her face, Dont be a baby. Youll be warm soon enough.
Im not so sure. I said, wrapping my arms tight around me Theres probably not enough fire in helheim to warm me up right about now.
In a few minutes, though, Piper had an awesome fire going with a few of our catch of the day thrust on sticks above it while we sat a few feet away curled up in what they called a fishing/hunting blanket. Not exactly like that because they called it either one depending on whether or not they happened to be fishing or hunting in the frigid weather. Since we were on a long fishing trip, the polar bear skin was called a fishing blanket that night.
And, dude, but it was a cozy skin. I actually had thought about bringing one back with me but decided against it considering the Vikings, unlike me, didnt have animal rights people at every street corner.
Probably a good thing, too, cause after my three month voyage of Vikingness, I now know why the polar bears are endangered. And if youre wondering whether or not I killed one while I was there--
No comment.
Where was I?
Oh yeah. Me and the beautiful warrior Viking girl cuddled up in bear skins in the middle of nowhere. Well, we werent exactly cuddled together because, I dont know if you guys have ever had the chance to sit wrapped up in a polar bear skin, unlikely because of the you-know-who people, but those things are huge. So when I say Piper and I were sharing a blanket and you get all giggly and stuff, just let it be known that we might as well have been sharing a circus tent, cause we had about that much space in our bear skin.
Also, they called them snow bears and not polar bears. Just FYI.
We talked while the fish cooked gosh but I am just killing animals right and left in this tale, arent I? At least I know when I go to try and publish this thing that I can go ahead and count the animal rights people on my list of potential enemies right along with Mark Zuckerberg, Good Charlotte, Barack Obama and Beyonce Knowles.
And incidentally its because of Good Charlotte that Beyonce hates me. Just thought you should know that
Youve got a good spear arm, Chloe said as she checked the fish with a knife.
Considering we had just been talking about what wed done that day I shrugged it off and smiled, saying, Thanks, Pipe. Since you taught me I guess I should say that you do, too. 
Almost done, she said, sitting back and looking at the bear skin floor. I could sense that she was purposely not looking at me and I took the moment to examine her white-blonde hair, noticing the dark spots from the melted snow, which made it look wicked cool to me.
Then, for some crazy reason, I blurted, with my arms wrapped around my knees drawn to my chest, Im not from here, Piper. Im from another time.
When I say crazy reason, I mean this: because I really thought the world of Piper, realized it as she shyly complimented my spear arm and looked at the ground, and decided that I wanted to be honest with her. So yeah, that was my crazy reason.
Sue me.
I really like you, you know, she said, her eyes still on the skin covered ground. I dont know when you plan on leaving but Id rather you stay if you can or take me with you if you cant.
This was a lot for Piper, who wasnt much on talking. Id been with them almost three months and she wanted to leave with me. Most guys would think this a real score.
I was thinking this was the exactly what I was hoping Piper wouldnt say. I mean, Id seen her looks at times, felt her gaze, heard the jokes her friends made to her about me and all, but I thought Id be gone before she got the courage to tell me anything like what she was telling me right then.
What was I supposed to say? Did I like her back? Well, duh! I mean, I was currently on a three week fishing trip with just her; clearly I liked her company, but was that all? Did I just like being around her and causing her to blush and smile with my twenty-first century flirtatiousness?
Or did I really like Piper, the Viking warrior chic from 794 A.D.?
Since I wasn't, I said, after an awkward pause, Piper, I think youre awesome. But I cant take you with me when I leave.
See? That sentence didnt say whether or not I did or didnt like her. Im awesome.
Why? Piper asked, looking up at me and my heart melted. Sometimes in my time-traveling Im presented with a situation that makes me think, What the heck, Jericho? Whatre you doing, man?
Pipers heart-wrenching look was one of those times.
Because I have duties. I tried.
Like what? I could help, she said hopefully, causing me to feel like a cad even though I hadnt done anything.
Not with these kind of duties, sweetheart. I said, Im a teacher of sorts where I come from and also a soothsayer/seer/know-it-all and in severely high demand.
Piper looked at me a few more seconds, making me feel dreadful, before simply nodding, checking the fish one last time, and saying, Foods done.
And that was pretty much it. The trip lasted another two days and we went back to the village. I was there a few more days and left.
To say that I hadnt thought of Piper at all when I went home would be a lie. I had thought of her and about what shed told me. I had also been rehearsing what I would tell her when I saw her again because I was definitely going back one day.
But right then, after Chloe had been abducted and I was trying to explain to Piper why I needed to ride like the wind after her, I still didnt know what to say.
Its fine, I told her, I wasnt exactly my smoothest that night.  
What about where youre from? Piper said, changing the subject. Which was fine but also scary because what if she hated me now?
Im from the future, I said simply, I guess the best way to say it is that Im from tomorrow.
Pulling her eyebrows down in thought she asked, How far in the future?
Well, its 794 now, I said, figuring it in my head, And Im from 2012, so twelve-hundred and eighteen exactly. Then, just for the helheim of it, I told her, And, just FYI, I wouldnt go the Britain this year if I were you. It sounds great and adventurous but you guys arent exactly welcomed with open British arms in 794. Just saying. Id go around 1033 because relations are really smoothed out by then.
Piper was staring at me like Id just told her I was a girl. Youre serious?
Nodding, I said, Look, I know its a lot to take in but its true.
So you can just go anywhere anytime you choose? How? 
Tapping my gauntlet, I told her, My gauntlet. This is what takes me to anytime I want. I decided that explaining the mechanics of it and where it had came from wasnt exactly important right then so I left that out. But heres my dilemma, Piper, I cant control where or when Im going for a while and its saying that I only have a little over five hours left here before it takes me somewhere else and if Chloes not here with me when that happens, shell be left and probably never see her father again.
Pipers brows were still furrowed but I could see she was starting to catch on. So its broken?
I was taken aback, What? No, the gauntlet isnt But then I thought of the fact that it was basically taking me on joyrides that I wasnt exactly digging and, to be honest, that didnt sound fixed to me. So thanks for nothing, Dr. Atrium Sparks.
Essentially, yeah, I guess it is broken, I said, So now do you see why I have to go after Chloe, like, right now?
Without another word about my when, where, what, who or why, Piper started walking. Well need horses.
Thats my girl, I told her, falling in step behind her as we trotted toward her village.
This wasnt going to be neither easy nor fun, I knew it. But I was really glad Piper was helping me because right then, in the snowy mountains of Svalbard, she was my only hope.
Or more specifically, Chloes only hope

Chapter 24



Pipers home town looked pretty much the way Id left it. Cold, damp, cheery and a tad drunk on ale.
Jericho, my friend, a blacksmith by the name of Olger said to me, smiling broadly and clapping me on the shoulder, I didnt expect to see you back so soon.
Olger was the one whod made the awesome double-bladed battleaxe for me and was a great guy. I forgot a friend of mine who happened to be kidnapped by your enemies, Olg, nothing more.
Nodding knowingly, like kidnapped friends were the absolute norm on Svalbard, Olger said, with a friendly hand on my shoulder, Aye. Had me a friend kidnapped by the southern tribes once.
Really? What became of her- uh, him? I asked carefully.
Shrugging, the blacksmith said, Never saw him again. Heard he was flayed from neck to belly and mounted on stakes.
Piper mustve seen the look on my face at the mentioning of flaying and staking because she cut our village visit down to a few minutes. Bulwark the Mighty wasnt too keen on Piper escorting me behind enemy lines but, because he and I were old chums who used to sit beside one another on the Thursday night war council meetings, he let us go.
Actually, I mightve thought I was losing him and decided to throw in that wed also look around for any signs of his older brother while we were out and about around the enemy camps, which was probably the only reason he said yes. He also insisted, since I had somehow lost my weapons Id had not a hour ago when I left, that I take his weapons.
No thanks, Bulwark, I told him. I dont plan on coming back afterwards and Id hate for Piper to have to tote all of your stuff back. This is just a pit stop, I said, winking at him.
So after Id acquired a two-handed great-sword slung on my back with a bow and quiver, I was ready to go. Piper was more of a shield kind of gal and not a big fan of heavy weapons, choosing instead to rock a one-handed sword so she could have her precious shield. In exactly two minutes, the both of us were standing next to our mounts, fully equipped for our journey. Since I was trying to hurry, I didnt take the time to garb myself from head to toe in Viking clothes, which I hated to not do because they were so comfortable. I did lose my Nazi long coat, though, exchanging it for a small form-fitting sleeved coat of mail and a few wolf skins around it.
Also, just FYI, finding a suit of mail small enough for me wasnt easy. And if Piper ever tells this story and her version says that I had to borrow the mail from her--
Its true. Just saying.
Also the mail went great with my black Chuck Taylors. What can I say, black goes great with pretty much everything.
I stepped up into the saddle of my black and white war horse and checked my glove. Four hours and fifty minutes left. You ready, dear? I asked Piper as she climbed into her saddle.
I was going to ask you that, she told me, causing me to frown because Chloe had said the exact same thing to me once.
My reply was a heel to my horse, Peace, all, I called over my shoulder, Ill be back one day. You guys rock.
So with that, the two of us, aided by the cheers of our Viking comrades at our backs, left the village and went in search for the helpless Russian girl from 2340.
We hit the snow-covered ground hard, turning our mounts west and kicking them into high gear. They just dont make horses like they used to, is all Im going to say. Your average 2012 steed wouldnt have probably made it to four hours left on my glove, let alone two and a half hours left like the Viking mounts accomplished. We stopped by an icy creek, dismounting and leading the lathered beasts to it and letting them get a good drink.
How much further? I asked, checking my gauntlet while leaning against a bare tree. Cause my legs are killing me.
Another hour to the first camp. Piper said, patting the neck of her tired horse, The next one is another half hour or so from that one but the good thing is well know whether or not your friend is in either one of them from a distance if our timing is right.
I didnt like the sound of that at all. Lets get moving, I said, pulling the reins of my horse in mid-drink.
They need more time, Jericho.
Well, what do you freakin know? So do I.
Piper stepped in front of me, putting her hands on my chest softly yet with some firmness, If you kill or lame the horses, you surely will not have the time you so desperately need.
Get out of my way, Piper.
Make me.
We stood there for what seemed like a long time with our eyes locked while my poor horse was pulling at his reins trying to get at the water again. I dont know what came over me. I mean, my body has been guilty of doing stupid things without first consulting my brain. Whos hasnt, right?
I let go of the reins, Come here, was all I said, pulling her into a hug. She didnt resist at all and wrapped her arms around my waist, placing the side of her head on my mailed chest. It wasnt the most amorous of hugs. I mean, with her arms around my waist and my arms kind of around her head with a hand on her hair, it kind of felt like more of a comforting hug.
Sorry, Pipe. I know youre doing a lot for me, here, I said and I felt her melt into me.
I dont even know who she is, I heard her mumble.
Shes a Russian girl from the year 2340 with some anger issues. I said, stroking her hair with--geez, not the gauntlet--I switched hands so as not to electrocute or cut her head off and kept stroking blonde hair. Her father made the gauntlet and hes in danger right now and were the only people who can help him. Chloe not dying is at the top of my to-do list at the moment.
Piper pulled away a little, looked me in the face again, and then placed a cold hand on my cheek. How is this any of your responsibility? How can anyone from anytime other than your own be any reason to risk your life? Even me. What am I to you?
The question wasnt a hard one. Nor was it one that I hadnt been expecting anyone I met in my travels to ask me. Youre my friend, I told her, So are the rest of your brethren. And so is Chloe.
Wow. Did I really just give a Viking warrior chic from 794 A.D. the friend zone bit? Really, Jericho? Annoying as it was, I did, in fact, give her the just friends speech in my own roundabout way.
Just a friend? Piper asked, one side of her mouth lifting into a smile, or was that a smirk? Her index finger did something to my sideburn that felt great and made me want to close my eyes and go to sleep.
I reached up and covered her hand with mine. Thats all I got right now, Piper. But I got to say, I do so love this little island of yours.
Thanks. Made it myself. She said, smiling and showing her white teeth that I loved.
Shut up, I told her, shoving her away and laughing, Look at us laughing in the face of danger like a couple of champs.
It really was crazy. More so after we waited till I had two hours left on my clock before mounting up again on our halfway refreshed horses. We rode in silence for what seemed like fifty-three minutes- because thats exactly how long wed been riding in silence before Piper, who was in the lead, held up a hand and we stopped in a small outcrop of trees.
How much longer do you have? She asked as she stepped down into the deep snow.
Hour and seven minutes.
Not too bad, Piper stated, pulling off her bow, Better make it count, though.
We tied the horses to a few smaller trees and exited the outcropping. The first sounds of revelry were heard from afar and within minutes we could see the first enemy village. Piper crouched down at the top of a hill that overlooked the rather small village. Shes not here.
What? I asked, squatting beside her, How do you know?
Its a gift. Shes not here. She said simply, standing quickly, We need to hurry. If Chloes captor didnt stop here then we might catch her before she makes it to the other village.
After we made it back and exited the small section of trees on our horses, I asked, What do you mean its a gift?
Reaching a hand to her neck, Piper pulled down her snow-fox pelt, exposing her right collarbone- and the horrific burn on it. The southern war-bands have a way of welcoming women captives into their camps.
My mouth was hanging open for a while before I regained enough composure to ask, When did it happen?
When I was twelve. A lot of us were taken during the border wars back then. She said casually, like she was talking about how deep the snow got at this time of year. Since I was so young, they put me to work in their meat huts and tending to the sheep. Some of the older women werent so lucky. Theres a lot more noise involved so shes not here.
I was starting to catch on to what she was saying and I was also starting to feel sick. Geez, but could this day get any worse?
Then my horse tripped in a hole and broke its right front leg.
So yeah, I suppose the day could and did get worse.
Since I was so high off the ground on the mountainous beast, I was somehow flung forward and ended up with a mouthful of snow instead of being crushed by my ride.
Are you hurt? Piper asked urgently, stopping her horse beside me as I climbed to my knees and started trying to knock snow off.
Im not dead. I confirmed. By this time my horse was making the most pathetic of noises, grating on my ears. Standing, I started for it, pulling the great-sword off my back, Sorry, pal, I said, and meant it. Ill never forget you, homie. Then I finished the job.
You know how I said once that blood and sand mix a little too good? Well, blood and snow is a ba-jillion more times worse.
Mainly because it looks like a strawberry daiquiri snow-cone.
Lets go, I said, accepting Pipers hand and climbing up behind her. In spite of all the unfortunate events that had taken place in the last few hours, I still was able to somehow say, while I adjusted in my seat and wrapped my arms around Pipers waist, Man, you smell good.
Laughing, Piper kicked our last hope and we were off.
And she did smell good. Kind of like an earthy, warm yet cool scent that a guy could get lost in. The wonderful smelling ride lasted another half hour or so and I really mustve been lost in the scent, or something weird, because I didnt look at my gauntlet until we stopped a little outside of the village.
Nineteen minutes left and counting. Okay, so whats the plan here? I asked after wed both dismounted and started for the seriously loud town. And when I say loud, I mean, like, really loud. It sounded like the Super Bowl of the Vikings.
Ha. Like the Vikings will ever get to the Super Bowl.
See what I did there?
Get inside and find your friend.
Dont forget to do it in less than eighteen minutes, also. I threw in.
Close to the town I produced Chloes gauntlet shed dropped and put it on my left hand. This had been an idea of mine since Id first met Chloe in Rome and saw that she was sporting a left-handed glove. This is my first time, I told Piper, So dont judge me.
Piper frowned in confusion while I turned and aimed both hands at nothing in particular, firing off two bolts of white-blue electricity that reached almost fifty yards. I smiled broadly and looked at my hands, the bright lights in the palms of both gauntlets fading slowly and made me feel like a lightning mage.
Fan-freakin-tastic.
A crude, sorry excuse for a town gate was standing wide open when we entered the town quietly- except Im not sure why we were sneaking due to the racket the towns occupants were making. Whatre they doing? I asked nervously, following Piper through the empty streets.
Branding captives is a real treat here, Piper said, Kind of like their entertainment.
Then we made it to the town square with fourteen minutes left.
Wait--is it making you nervous with me letting you know every time a minute or two ticked by without us being even close to saving Chloe?
Well, good. Imagine how I felt right about then, whoever-you-are.
The square was packed to overflowing with Vikings who were all cheering and looking toward the center, which is where I spotted Chloe. She seemed to be doing a lot better than youd expect a captive to be doing. I mean, she was still wearing all her clothes, her lip wasnt bleeding and she seemed to have all her body parts. She didnt look like she was having the most grand of times, though, if the horrified expression on her face was anything to go by.
Two armed guards stood on either side of Chloe, escorting her to the center of the screaming mob and onto what looked like gallows, which made me gasp, except that it was missing the whole gallow part of gallows that make them all, you know, gallowy.
So it was basically a stage.
Checking my right gauntlet, I saw that I had twelve minutes left. Just wow.
I had no plan. Like, zero plan. I mean, there was always the ol snatch & grab maneuver but with a helheim of a load of screaming Vikings crammed into a town square to stop me, I was thinking that the odds of landing that trick were slim.
Except that none of the said screaming Vikings had handfuls of lightning like yours truly.
Alright, Pipe, heres the deal I started, explaining my outrageous plan to save Chloe, who had just been forced to her knees by the two guards.
Eleven minutes.
Screaming to try and get attention away from Chloe and on me was impossible due to abundance of screaming already going on so I decided to jolt them another way.
Har har har. Im here all week, folks. Ba-bomp-bomp.
When I was six a couple of schoolmates of mine and I liked to play with a farmers electric fence by one of us grabbing it and then making a chain of bodies so wed all get a little of the juice.
A version of that grade school fun happened when I shot my bolt of lightning into the crowd on my left- only about fifty ba-jillion times worse.
(Oh, Jericho! But what about the children)?
Im glad you asked that--Im also glad to inform you that I wasnt caring about the offspring of the demented warriors when I sent another jolt into the crowd on my right. Plus, it didnt kill anyone. It just kind of hurt them really, really, really, really bad!
I made a mad dash through the disoriented and hurting crowd toward the stage Chloe was on. Chloe! I yelled at her, waving my arms like a madman.
I wasnt really trying to que her to do anything. Honestly I was just trying to let her know that Jericho Johnson was on the case and that everything was under control- then someone grabbed me from behind and threw me down, commencing to plant several hard stomps to my back and shoulders. I think it was the third time my face smashed on the ground that my eyes caught sight of my glove.
Ten minutes.
Before whoever was tap dancing on me could finish his painful performance, I rolled to my right and saw that my attacker happened to be the very woman whod taken Chloe captive. She didnt look too surprised to see me so I was thinking shed been expecting me. Since I wasnt feeling like Maximus the Merciful, I let loose two bolts from both hands at the poor chic standing not three feet away, sending her flying through the air and landing in a shaking heap almost fifteen feet away.
I kicked back onto my feet, which was one of the first things Evonne had taught me to do, and looked around for Chloe in the crazy town square. People were running away and screaming like Odin himself had shown up with a vengeful vehemence against them.
I couldnt see her and started panicking. Where had she gone, anyway? She had been right on the stage and then, poof, shed vanished. I ran to the stage and up the stairs, scanning the wild crowd for any sign of Chloe.
Ah, cmon I growled to myself.
Then I saw her being dragged away by her two guards on the other side of the square. Well, they were both dragging her until one of them got an arrow in his back from Piper, who I had told to get on the nearest roof she could and provide cover fire and she seemed to be doing a bang up job of it, too.
All Chloe needed was for one of the guards to let go of her and she went to work. With her hands bound and ankles shackled together, Chloe jumped into the air and planted both of her feet into the remaining guards chest, sending him sailing into a rock wall. I leaped from the stage and ran toward her, jolting anyone who got in my way as I traversed the maddening street.
Did you really think Id let you out of our date that easily? I asked Chloe, skidding to a stop beside her.
Chloe was breathing hard when she shrugged. A girl has to keep trying, I suppose.
Yeah, well, stop, I said, cutting the ropes that held her hands like hot butter with the sharp point of one of the gauntlet fingers. No chance of cutting through the shackles like that, huh?
Before she could answer we both saw several attackers rallying from both sides of us.
Please tell me youre not out of ideas, Chloe said, examining the opposition.
Not just yet, I said, grabbing her around the waist and firing off my grappling hook.
Okay, Im going to stop here and explain the whole grappling hook mechanics so you dont get this whole super-hero-ish, Batmanny vibe from it.
Heres the thing- or what I knew of it at the time because I forgot to ask Dr. Sparks just how it worked and also why it was there in the first place. I mean, where did the guy get the idea that a grappling hook needed to be installed on a time-traveling device?
Not that I was asking that when I used it to save Chloe and I from death.
The anchor part that, uh, anchors, I guess, into anything I shoot it at comes out of the palm of the glove from the same place, after I select the grappling hook setting, the bolts of electricity come from. It looked like a mini version of a claw game and clamps on or into anything it hits and then would let go without resistance once I got to it. It was also a tiny thing- I mean, for something that is supposed to hold my weight while it zips me around on a wire thats so small its almost not visible.
Let me also point out to all you gamers, fan boys, comic book junkies or anyone else with nerd-like tendencies that the grappling hooks youve read about, seen or used in a game arent very realistic.
I mean, do you know how fast someone has to be pulled to maintain a diagonal line for almost thirty feet from the ground to a roof?
About a bone-shattering one-hundred and fifty miles per hour.
So when I say I used the grappling hook dont get this mental picture of me zip lining around like a freakin comic book, because I didnt.
My anchor sunk into a beam on the peak of the nearest roof and Chloe and I ran toward the wall as it began pulling us quickly. It wasnt the easiest thing Id ever done and quite frankly Im not even sure how we managed to kind of run up the wall and to the top of the steep roof while we held onto each other the whole miraculous way.
However it was accomplished is irrelevant considering we escaped a lot of angry Vikings in the process. I checked my gauntlet.
Six minutes.
What now? Chloe asked me.
I saw Piper a few roofs away and waved to her. Returning the wave, she started her descent to the ground. Meet up with Piper and get the heck out of here is my plan. Unless you just want to stick around and see what happens when Im gone in five minutes.
An arrow hit the beam we were straddling and we glanced at the street to see a handful of the more not-so-conservative Vikings had started sailing arrows at us. Chloe rolled sideways to the other side, grabbing the beam and laying down on the steep pitched roof.
I had other plans.
Standing, I held my hands almost a foot apart facing palms and shot my bolts into each other.
Im not sure what Id been expecting and Id probably watched way too much anime for my own good, but the results werent too shabby, if I do say so myself.
When connected, the bolts formed together into a sort of ball. I was holding a freakin ball of lightning, man. Did I feel awesome? Yes, I did.
The only problem was, if you guys remember from the beginning of this tale, I could only hold a steady stream of the stuff for close to thirty seconds. Im guessing that when combined into a potent ball of juice that time was reduced drastically because I began to feel warmth in the palm of both my hands and I couldve sworn I saw smoke. So I wasnt able to maintain my awesome feeling of bodacity for very long before I tossed the ball back into the Vikings court.
Har har har. Didnt I say Id be here all week?
Again, I didnt know what to expect from what was supposed to me my deal-breaking finishing move. I mean, what if it had hit the ground and did what most electricity does when grounded and fizzled out, or something lame like that?
These were my thoughts as the lightning the size of a small beach ball landed amongst the attacking Vikings.
My next thoughts were that I hope there werent any kids down there because this time I did feel bad.
Chloe wasnt touched at all by the ramifications of my bolt-bomb, unlike me, who, after the explosion was blown off my feet, landing on my back on the steep roof. I wouldve slid off had Chloe not grabbed my ankle.
Four minutes, toots, I shouted at her through all the noise of sheer pandemonium and loud crackles of electricity, Lets blow this joint.
It took too long to get outside the crazy town.
Two minutes.
Never freakin again! I shouted, limping quickly after Chloe and Piper. My ears were ringing and one was bleeding and I couldnt feel my back for some reason. I was guessing I wasnt paralyzed because I was, you know, running, but it still wasnt the best feeling. Then I ran into Piper because shed stopped suddenly.
What about Bjourn? She asked, glancing back at the village wed just exited, which now had large pillars of smoke billowing from it into the sky. I was about to tell her that he was out of luck when, youre not going to believe this because I was there and I still couldnt, Bjourn the Berserker, speaking of the devil, ran out of the town gates, his bound hands clutching a bloodied broadsword and his ankle shackles broken.
Wow. I said, feeling a tad dizzy after my brilliant bolt-bomb maneuver. Dudes a soldier, aint he?
Ninety seconds.
Jericho, Bjourn said, smiling broadly for a guy whod been a prisoner for almost two weeks. Back so soon?
I forgot a friend of mine, I said.
Like Olger had done, Bjourn nodded knowingly like what Id just said was a very normal thing. Well, thanks for the diversion. It was enough for me to make an escape.
I sliced his bonds and saw that I had one minute left. No worries, friend. Try to not let the bards destroy my faithful deeds in wild verse, Bjourn, I said, smiling at him and extending a hand. Youve been great.
Shaking my gauntlet-clad hand, he placed a hand on my shoulder and assured me that while he still drew breath, he would not stand for any wild songs written by any bard.
Thirty seconds.
Theres a horse in the outcrop for you and Piper to make it back home with, I said, taking a step back. Cmon, Chloe. We still have to save the stupid world, I guess.
Piper stepped close and hugged me hard. Thank you, she whispered.
Fifteen seconds.
Youre welcome, Piper. Ill be back one day. I said, pulling away and grabbing Chloes hand. Try and explain to Bjourn whats about to happen, would you?
Explain what? Bjourn asked, frowning.
Ten seconds.
Later on, guys, I said, taking a few more steps away from them while holding Chloes hand.
Then Bjourn received an arrow from behind, dropping him to his knees before he took two more in his back.
Five seconds.
Piper screamed and tried to catch him before his body hit the snow. Then I did the only thing I could do in the few fractured seconds I had left to help her. Just before the last second ticked away, I grabbed Piper with my free hand and pulled her hard away from Bjourns body.
Then we were gone

Chapter 25



Lossiemouth, Scotland, December 25th, 1665

It was cold again on the shores of the humble fishing village of Lossiemouth, a quaint little town that Id came to after first visiting Aviemore and Elgin further south. (I had stayed here for a while and ended my journey on the windswept shores of northern Scotland on Christmas day).
I remember leaving because it was a tad depressing.
Now I was back a few minutes after Id left and it was still depressing.
Piper ended up in a heap on the cold sand crying while Chloe decided to, I dont know, check the perimeter, I guess, because she walked down the beach away from us.
I sat beside the bawling girl and pulled her up into a half sitting position so I could comfort her without having to lie on top of her. So thats how the first hour of my return to Scotland went. With Chloe standing a good distance away with her arms folded around herself for warmth, her captors had relieved her of her Nazi overcoat, and me with Pipers shaking head on my right shoulder and chest.
Thankfully, we only had about three hours to go before our next jump. Surely nothing too life-threatening could happen on the beach next to a rundown fishing village in the next three hours, right?
Chloe, stay with Piper. Im going into town to get us something to eat.
Without waiting for her to protest, I left them on the beach and entered the fishing village. It was exactly as Id left it, which was a very good thing right about now. I entered the only tavern in the small town and headed for the bar. The shack looked like it had been burned once and the owners had tried to recover the burned places.
Homer, I called, knocking on the bar. Jerichos back. I forgot to grab some vittles for my journey.
Homer was a stoop-shouldered man in his late fifties, I guess, and was a super nice guy. Id spoken to him first when I arrived and wed talked for a few hours. Well, now, yer back, Said the smiling man coming in through a side door and waddling behind the bar. And yer after some wittles, ye say?
For me and my friends, if youd be so kind.
Nodding, Homer said, Aye, yeve got a mighty long journey before ye, Ahd say. How many friends?
Three counting myself, I said, leaning on the bar and peering out the doorway that was lacking a door. Been busy today?
Not really. Ad a few home folks in here earlier and some of the boys are swearin that a ship is coming in. He frowned at me, Are ye' wearin' chain mail?
Yeah, it's a long story. I told him, glancing back to the harbor. I didnt remember a ship from the beach. But I hadnt been exactly looking for one, either.
Sure been cold, though, He said.
A little, yeah.
Might come a frost tonight.
Really?
Yes indeed.
You guys dont associate much with the south, do you? I asked.
Not too much, Homer said as he put a jug of Scottish ale on the bar. No cups so yell ave to share, Ahm afraid.
Thats fine. I said. Then we heard shouting.
Its a ship! I told you, lubbers, the voice of a boy called as he ran through the streets toward the shore.
Shaking his head  while he placed a loaf of bread and wedge of cheese on the bar, Homer said, Thinks es a right pirate, that one. Nothing but trouble, ifn ye ask me.
I thanked Homer for the food and exited the shack, heading back to the sea. Sure enough, the loud kid was right. A ship was pulling into the meager harbor. It wasnt a very big one, but still too big to actually use the dock and thus had to drop anchor over a-hundred yards out.
I found the girls just like Id left them except Piper had finished crying and was pacing while Chloe sat cross-legged on the sand and watched the ship lower longboats into the water.
Here, I said, tearing off a hunk of bread and offering it to Chloe. Its not Wendys, but itll stop the miss-meal cramps.
Chloe accepted the bread and took a small bite, chewed it up, swallowed it, then said, Im sorry about Svalbard.
She didnt need to say anything else. I knew that she was kind of a proud girl so that was all I needed. Me, too, Chloe. I told her before walking to Piper.
How you doing? I asked.
Im fine, She said quickly, then, Where and when are we?
Since it seemed she wasnt ready to talk about anything pertaining to her crying for over an hour, I accepted the change of subject, Scotland around 1665. Also, Merry Christmas.
What?
Oh yeah. Vikings werent exactly on the up and up with holidays other than their own. Today is Christmas, a holiday where we give other people presents, receive them from other people, then watch the Charlie Brown special back home.
And I have met Charles Schulz once. Just saying. I really just wanted to confirm my suspicion that Linus was really the only true friend Charlie Brown had and that everyone elses friendship was based on his not screwing up, which, lets be honest, always happened to the poor guy. I was right, of course.
Where is Scotland? Piper asked, peering at the ship, And why would someone sail the sea on such an unworthy vessel?
I laughed, Because they tried to recreate the Viking boats and couldnt. I told her, offering her some bread and cheese, which she took.
Should we be worried about these people? Chloe asked, walking over to us.
I shrugged, I dont know. Far as I know ships dont come to port here so Im kind of curious who it even is. Theres a lot of famous pirates around this time. Who knows, maybe well get lucky and meet one of them.
I was, of course, joking. I didnt have the notion of wanting to meet even the no-name pirates, much less the ones who were devious and violent enough to make a mark in history. The three of us ended up finding a large piece of driftwood to sit on while we watched the men in the boats row toward us.
We had about ninety minutes left on our clock when the first longboats pulled onto land and the occupants stepped out. They were an odd bunch, Ill tell you that much, and they didnt seem to be paying us that much attention except for the redheaded girl in a white flowing cotton shirt and brown pants who narrowed her eyes at us when she stepped onto the sand.
I waved at her with my gauntleted hand and smiled reassuringly at her to let her know we werent any harm. I guess my smile wasnt reassuring enough because the girl approached us and asked, Which way ter Aviemore, mate?
Youre Scottish, I stated, noting her thick accent and awesome bandana she wore in a very pirate-like fashion. You tell me.
Ahm not in the mood, ye lubber-- She started but was cut off by the rather large man who came up behind her. Elp the men unload, Amelia. Ahll talk ter them.
The alleged Amelia left but not before glaring at me hard, to which I smiled and waved again. Go help the guys, Amelia. The men are trying to talk, here. I dont know why I was being such a jerk. Maybe because madam fire-head wasnt exactly on her best behavior herself and I wasnt having a great day so far. I thought this more so when somehow, I wasnt sure how because shed been standing over ten feet away, I was on my back in the sand, my legs on the log Id just been sitting on, with Amelia straddling my chest and what looked like a movie prop samurai sword on my throat. Actually it looked a tad familiar, to be honest.
No one moved, which was great at the time because I didnt think this chic had taken her meds that morning and I wasnt sure just how far she was willing to go with her curved sword.
Wait- I did know the sword. Id seen it before over two-hundred years ago hanging in a certain emperors gallery. So what was the crazy girl doing with it?
Well, you know, besides threatening me with it while sitting on my chest.
But just when youd think Id keep my mouth shut, I said, Nice blade, carrots. Did you earn it or steal it?
The look in her eyes told me Id gone too far but the big man ended up grabbing and dragging her off me. Ah said elp the men, Amelia, He growled. Just go, lass.
Amelia stomped off without glancing back this time. Too bad, really, because I had another witty comment I was going to make.
I sat back down on the log between Piper and Chloe and rubbed at my neck, Shes a real charmer, I told the big man, who I just noticed was missing his left hand, Something tells me her father is going to have a time marrying that piece of work off.
Ahm her father. He said.
Wow. I was genuinely speechless.
But dinna worry, lad. She only found out a few months ago.
Oh, well, uh, congratulations, mister?
Call me Stubbs.
I hooked my thumb at him and glanced at Chloe. Stubbs, he says. Im liking this guy already. Then I looked back at Stubbs. So why are you guys headed to Aviemore?
I wasnt sure that hed heard me because he was frowning at the way we were all dressed. Then he said, while still frowning at our strange garb. Ahm from there. Avent been back in a few years, though. I know its south of us.
Piper and Chloe werent exactly in the most talkative of moods and basically just sat like bumps on a log while I chatted with the one-handed man. It is south. Just follow the road to Elgen and its a few days ride from there.
Stubbs nodded once and extended a hand, Thanks, mate. Well leave you with it, then.
He turned and started walking away, Hey, wait up, I called, jumping up and following him. Whats the name of your ship?
The Starbuck and it aint my ship.
Love the name, I said as I walked beside him toward the men unloading the longboats, Whos the captain?
Bartolomew Portugus is is name, Stubbs told me. Now ifn yell excuse me, sir, Ah best be elping the lads.
Well met, Stubbs, I said, peering at the sailors, who, after a closer inspection, were probably pirates.
Likewise, he said and left me watching them.
Hello, sir.
I turned to the voice and saw it was a guy about my age sporting a velvet purple long coat. Hey, pal. What can I do for you? I asked him, looking him up and down from his boots to his fiery red hair.
He glanced over his shoulders before leaning close to me and whispering, You wouldnt by any chance happen to have a writing quill on you, would you, old chap?
I frowned at the odd request and was about to tell him that I was fresh out of writing quills when the girl whod tried to kill me saw our clandestine exchange and said, Dinna even think about it, Newton.
The red-haired man looked irritatingly at her before turning back to me and smiling hopefully.
Uh, no. No quills to speak of. I said, which caused a downcast sigh to escape the alleged Newtons lips.
Wait a second-
Newton? I asked, Is that your name?
The man rolled his eyes around in a sort of manner that had me thinking he was trying to remember his own name before saying simply, Yes.
Like, whats your full name, man?
Not knowing why I was so interested in him full name, he frowned before telling me, Isaac Newton.
Jackpot, baby.
Dont move, I told him before racing back to where Id left Chloe and Piper. Skidding to a stop, I dropped to my knees in front of them and grabbed each of their hands, Youre not going to believe who is standing not thirty feet behind me.
They exchanged glances before looking back at me. Chloe shrugged while Piper asked, Who?
Isaac freakin Newton! I said, smiling like crazy. Then it hit me. Wait- what the heck is he doing in Scotland in 1665? Hes supposed to be home avoiding the bubonic plague and discovering gravity right now.
Wow. And today happened to be his birthday, too. What're the odds?
Standing, I left the baffled girls to their baffleness and walked back to Isaac Newton. Say, pal, just whatre you doing here? I mean, youre supposed to be back home discovering- Then I thought of what would happen if someone gave him the name of his greatest discovery and finished with, Discovering the, uh, many mysteries of the world and yet youre in Scotland with a band of pirates.
Were buccaneers, friend, Said a tallish man who appeared at my side. Im the captain of this merry band of men and unless you and your strange gloves have business with my friend here, then you best be on your way.
I held up my strange gloved hands and backed away, Alright, fine. Dont tell me. See if I care. And try to do something nice for your friend heres birthday, would you? I said as I turned away from them, Its not every day a guy turns twenty-five, you know.
That was my bait wrapped around my intellectual hook.
Har har har.
Wait! Newton called to me, Stop, sir.
I stopped and waited for him to approach me, How did you know its my birthday?
Just a big fan, I said. Look, you guys seem really busy so adieu, Newton. I turned away again before remembering something, Oh, and lay off the alchemy in another twenty years. Then I turned away again before remembering one last thing, And remember this more than anything, watch out for the freakin Exocoetidae book thatll be out in a few years because you might want to reserve a slot before that little jewel comes out. Anyway, peace, I said, smiling and leaving the dumbfounded pre-physicist blinking after me.
I guess I shouldve said spoiler alert first but there you have it.
Just FYI, a detailed book about flying fish came out a few months before Isaac Newtons world-changing volume about gravity did and was so expensive that it almost caused the publishing of the most groundbreaking book ever released to not happen.
I sat beside the girls again and sighed. Then Chloe said, I hope you didnt tell him too much.
Shaking my head, I said, Nah. Hes got too great of a life coming up for me to blurt it out.
So why was he with them? Piper asked.
I shrugged. Not sure. But I think I might come back one day and find out. The worst part is that if Id just hung around a few more minutes before leaving the first time I wouldve ran into them. Crazy, huh?
They both grunted in agreement and we all just sat in silence as the last of the pirates made it to shore, unloaded gear, and went into Lossiemouth. Checking my gauntlet, I saw we had twenty minutes left.
Heres to the most uneventful time-traveling jump ever.
We sat in silence for the remaining time on the blustering beach and just stared out at the sea. It was kind of peaceful, really, and I wasnt looking forward to the next jump. Although for some reason my gauntlet wasnt displaying where I was going next like it had in Dr. Sparks lab, I just couldnt think of any of the places Id been that I would rather go to that was better than just sitting here doing nothing.
Five minutes left.
Well, I guess we dodged a bullet here, kids. I said.
Then four men materialized almost twenty feet in front of me with their backs to us. Three of which were wearing-
Theyre in Dragonovs! Chloe screamed, grabbing my arm and leaping to her feet. Then we were all running like crazy into the fishing town.
Something hissed from behind us and one of the upcoming houses in our path exploded.
So much for the most uneventful time-traveling jump ever.
Me and my big mouth

Chapter 26



Split up and hide, I told the girls while we ran, well, anywhere. Make them have to hunt for you.
They nodded and disappeared into the town, weaving between the old buildings. I was glad that theyd vanished so quickly but I already knew where I was going.
Get out, Homer, I shouted, bolting through his doorway. The bartender looked confused so I decided that grabbing him and dragging him out was better than explaining the situation right then.
We were almost to the exit when one of the Dragonovs fired off another missile. I dropped to the floor when I heard the hiss that sounded like a bottle-rocket going off and pulled Homer down with me. The tiny missile miraculously entered through a hole in the wall, passed over our heads, then exited the hut through yet another hole.
Before I had the chance to tell Homer to thank his lucky stars that his shack was so crappy, the missile hit the very much sturdy house beside us, causing Homers place to shudder. Grabbing his hand one more time, I monkey-crawled out the doorway as the roof caved in, pulling the older Scotsman behind me.
Only I wasnt fast enough.
What was left of the ceiling, although not much, collapsed and pinned Homer from the waist down in the rubble, causing him to cry out. Whats happening? He screamed, pain evident on his lined face. Instantly I dropped to my knees beside him and started trying to pull up on the heavy wood on top of him. Hang in there, Homer, I said between clenched teeth as I strained against the weight, Im going to get you out of here.
Something flashed in the corner of my eye and I turned my head just in time to see one of the hellish Dragonovs level his right arm down at us. No! I shouted, Wait-!
Then he fired off another missile toward the rubble. The explosion sent me skidding across the street. I groaned while my ears rang and I couldnt hear anything but the accursed ringing when I climbed to my shaky feet and began staggering toward the flaming remains of Homers shack. I started out on my feet but ended up crawling on my hands and knees because my head kept spinning and I felt like I was going to be sick. I found Homer about ten feet from his blown up hovel on his back in the cold sand of the street staring up at the sky. He was missing a leg, I saw, as I crawled up to him and grabbed his hand. Homer?
Ah never went ter sea like Ah wanted to, he gasped out and I could tell something other than his leg was damaged.
You know in movies and books when something like this happens and the guy holding the doomed mans hand says, Youre going to be alright. And you know that he knows that the hurt person isnt, in fact, alright nor was he going to be.
I used to read or watch scenes like that and just shake my head and think the other guy was a huge liar to tell someone dying that.
But you know, in the real world, there really isnt anything else you can say besides that. But since Id taken several oaths to myself to never tell someone dying that, I ended up saying, Im so sorry, man.
Dinna worry, lad, He said, looking me in the eyes and squeezing my hand, Maybe one day well meet again.
Then his hand slipped from mine and he was gone. I watched his face while what was left of his life drained away. Getting to a slumping position, I closed his eyes. Sooner than you think, Homer. I whispered. Then I heard the unholy gyrating of gears and felt the presence of my attackers close behind me.
Jericho Johnson? Someone asked in a normal voice and not one amplified or distorted by a battle-suit helmet.
Placing my hands on my thighs, I let my head roll back as I looked at the sky, sighed deeply, then tried to get to my shaky feet. Depends on whos asking, I countered, barely managing to regain my footing while turning to face them, Howd you know my name?
I am Verde von Klaus, The man about my height with a mustache said in a thick Russian accent. He also was sporting a gauntlet that looked to be a shiny black. I was able to get a little information about you from Dr. Atrium before I came looking for you. It seems you happen to be in possession of my property.
Yeah? Well, you just happened to kill a good friend of mine, chief. So nice work establishing a friendly relationship. You should really pat yourself on the freakin back for making me absolutely hate you in less than two minutes. I said, my voice quivering with rage. I let my eyes flick to my gauntlet, not wanting to think what he meant by getting a little information about me from Chloes dad or how he did it.
I was wrong. You did it in three minutes. Congrats, genius. I only had two minutes left to find Chloe and Piper and get the helheim out of here. But I was thinking Klaus didnt know that.
Klaus waved his hand like he was dismissing a child, I care not for your friends. Why do you think I would?
I took a step toward him and all three Dragonovs held a loaded arm. Im guessing since youre probably a sadistic spawn of Satan, that you never had a mother that taught you the courtesy of, oh, I dont know, not killing random people to get what you want.
Klaus held up a hand and the Dragonovs lowered their arms. Then he walked the gap between us, stopped, and then looked at both the gauntlets I was wearing. Why are there two of them? He asked, frowning.
Oh, you know, I said, looking at them. I loved the first one so much that I decided to grab another one while I was out picking apples.
Give them to me, he growled.
I had one minute left. Sixty seconds to save the day.
Now I had fifty-eight seconds because I just thought that.
Fifty-seven, fifty-six
Since you dont have a problem killing people, why dont you just have your goons shoot me? Because thats the only way youre getting these from me, I told him, hoping hed say yes.
Not being one to dawdle it seemed, Klaus turned on his heel, Have it your way. He said, standing behind his troops.
Im guessing Dr. Sparks hadnt explained everything the gloves were capable of to Klaus. I mean, if I had been him, there was no way Id let some guy wearing not one but two freakin electrical conductors have a chance of firing on my men.
Just saying.
But thats just what he did.
Throwing up my hands before Klaus gave the order for them to kill me, I fired off both barrels, so to speak, hitting the Dragonovs who were, as luck would have it, standing close enough together to all share in the lightning fest.
Twenty seconds.
Jericho! I turned to see the girls rushing toward me. Cmon! I shouted to them.
I held my streams till my gloves started to smoke and stopped. Klaus, whod also been hit, was lying amongst his soldiers, his body jerking when I had finished with them.
Ten seconds.
The last thing I saw of Klaus before we disappeared was his face as he tried to scream at us.
Then we were gone again to God knows where.
Looking back, I wish now that Id have killed Klaus then and there. It would have solved a lot of problems and made this story a lot more enjoyable for me and everyone else in it. I keep telling myself that I didnt have the time to kill him and that if Id tried, I might have left without Chloe or Piper.
But I shouldve taken that chance. Klaus needed to die then and there. Bottom line.
But he didnt. Which is why I cant completely tell you the end of this tale because, frankly, Im not sure of the outcome myself but theres still more to go.

Chapter 27



Dr. Cross pushed the stop button on the gauntlets touch screen and the recorded voice ceased speaking. Leaning back in his desk chair, he removed his glasses and rubbed his eyes. Glasses werent something you saw someone wear most of the time in 2342 because technology had ways of fixing flat eyes permanently in just a few minutes but the rather young doctor had for some reason decided to not have the surgery done, to a lot of his staffs astonishment considering he was the one whos research in the field of human biology had resulted in the most major breakthroughs in the last decade with eyesight, among other things people took for granted with age.
Pressing a button on his desk strewn with info-tabs, Dr. Cross asked the question hed asked a few hours prior to his nurse, Ritu, Is he still alive?
He waited while Ritu, after a few seconds delay, like she were checking to make sure, walked into view, her green hologram face appearing as she answered, Yes, but barely. His body is rejecting most of our anesthetics and medications due to the abnormalities of his blood type, molecular structure and just about everything else. Its like this person wasnt even around for the mandatory city shots every year that keep people from being this way.
Dr. Cross placed a finger to his lips in thought before saying, Keep trying. If this patient dies, consider the blue tag that will go on his toe to also be your termination notice. Is that understood?
Yes, sir. Ritu said before signing off.
Standing, Dr. Cross walked to the enormous window in his office that overlooked the city of Flagstaff from the fiftieth floor of the building dedicated to his research. Then a thought struck him.
The shots, of course, He muttered to himself, shaking his head that he hadnt thought of it sooner. Ritu. He said as his nurses face appeared on the window in front of him, I want you to give him the winter and summer shots but hold off on the spring shots until I get down there, Dr. Cross said as he fingered out a combination of letters and numbers on the window, the amber colored digits spreading across the glass as he tapped away, This dosage Im sending is a weak mixture but I dont want him going into cardiac arrest.
Yes, sir, Ritu said. Do you want me to file him?
Dr. Cross hit a last button before swiping his hand and sending the combination sliding to the far side of the window, exposing the darkened city once again. The reason she was asking was most of the time files werent created for patients or test subjects that either were soon to die or had a large casualty rate.
Make him a special file and send it to my office. He said, sitting at his desk again in his dimly lit area that he spent most of his time. File it under J two-zero-one-two.
J2012 will be on your desk shortly, sir. Ritu said, Anything else?
Ritu was not only Dr. Cross best student in his rather large and rather selective university hed built over the years, but she was also someone he considered a friend, or at least a confidant. He considered telling her that what was left of the man they pulled out of an explosion and had on life-support was in fact from another time.
Not at the moment. He said, picking the gauntlet up from his desk, I have some more research to finish up here then Ill be down.
Ritu signed off and the doctor pushed play on the gauntlet and settled back in his chair to listen to the remainder of Jericho Johnsons tale.
Who knew? Maybe the storyteller would still be alive after hed finished.

Chapter 28



Juno Beach, Normandy, March 12th, 1096 A.D.

Wow. Of all the places we couldve jumped to, the dawning of the first Crusade wasnt at the top of my fair-weather list. The weather was actually not bad on the shores of Normandy but the scene before us couldve been a tad less foreboding, as it were.
The beach was packed with the people of the Middle Ages, standing shoulder to shoulder while they all looked toward the makeshift stage set up in the center of the throng of men, women and children who were all mesmerized by the sole occupant of the wooden planks. The stooped individual happened to be Peter the Hermit, one of the most influential speakers France had to offer when it came to making lords, barons and dukes leave everything behind to join the Crusade.
The Hermit was really getting into his sermon on the morals of Christians and that it was our very God-given right to save the Holy Land from the heathens, he called them, while waving at the enormous wooden cross that he brought with him on his campaigns for troops.
Actually, if not for the inconvenient slaughtering of three-thousand pilgrims in Jerusalem, the preaching of Peter the Hermit and Pope Urban IIs supposed vision from God that included, but was not limited to, lots of dead Turks and heathens, the first Crusade wouldnt have happened.
We ended up landing away from the spectacle and I immediately checked the gauntlet, told the girls the date and also that we had almost seven hours to burn before I asked Chloe, How the helheim was Klaus able to find us?
Chloe sat on a nearby stump and shrugged. Im not one-hundred percent sure but I remember my father saying that men werent meant to jump from time to time so the effects it leaves, although they arent harmful to anyone, can be traced.
Sighing, I sat beside her on the large stump, Well, isnt that just peachy? Then I remembered, Klaus knows everything about me. He said he got your father to talk.
He wont kill him, Chloe said, sounding like she was trying to convince herself instead of me. His research is worth too much to Klaus now to have him killed.
How was he able to bring troops with him? I thought only my gauntlet could do that?
Chloe shrugged again, not looking at me. I just dont know, Jericho. Nothing makes sense to me, anymore.
Piper was watching the vehement sermon with curiosity, What is he talking about? She asked.
The Hermit was, in fact, speaking plain English, his voice thick with a French accent as he explained aggressively just why staying here was not only craven, but against the will of God. Upon stating this over half the mob, no doubt smitten by the Hermits words, screamed out, GOD WILLS IT!
I had forgotten that Piper couldnt speak English. Back in Flagstaff, I had imprinted every language I could think of so I wouldve been good if Peter the Hermit had been speaking slang Cantonese mixed with Arabic. Hes trying to convince all these people to either pick up a sword and go to Jerusalem or drop their coins into his coffers to support the valiant men already fighting in the name of God.
Thor? She asked, frowning.
No, Piper, this God actually exists, I told her, scanning the crowd.
Chloe looked at me incredulously, like she couldnt believe Id just said that to a pagan from birth. Noticing her stare of unbelief, I said, Weve already had this conversation on the second week of our long fishing trip. Shes cool with it.
Nodding in agreement, Piper added, Thor never died for anyone. So a god dying for the whole world is most impressive.
Smiling, I said, Dont get too zealous, Pipe. This entire body of people is already zealous enough, which means that if they heard you speaking a different language, theyd probably burn you at the stake. Actually, try not to speak the rest of the time were here, sweetheart, because Im getting tired of saving chicks like a freakin mother hen. Just saying.
After wed sat and watched the rather long sermon, (these guys werent your everyday one-hour-service kind of folks, it seemed), Chloe asked me, Why did you come here in the first place?
We were all lined up on the large stump with me in between them as I explained that Id come because I was checking to see if William the Conquerors son, Robert, was here. I also told them that the books had him in Normandy but were a tad vague as to when, where and why.
also, he was supposedly so poor when he departed for the Holy Land that it was said he had one change of clothes and no money at all. Thatd be something to see, wouldnt it? A king with nothing to his name. I said, dreamily.
A king with nothing is just a man, Piper decided to throw in, busting my bubble.
I glanced at her. Try telling these people that, I said, And I suppose he wasnt exactly the king, even though by birthright he shouldve been. At any rate who wants to help me find the long lost duke? I asked, smiling broadly at them.
Do you even know what he looks like? Chloe asked while giving the rather large crowd a doubtful glance.
Not exactly, I said, following her gaze to the large throng of zealous people. But Ive met his dad once so lets hope he doesnt look like his mother, Matilda.
Piper and Chloe looked at each other. You want to? Piper asked with a shrug.
Sighing loudly, which was something Chloe had been doing a lot lately, she stood and stretched. Might as well. This stump is killing my butt.
Awesome. I said while trying to contain as much of my glee as I could. I also contained in a sarcastic comment that sounded something like, Like some of your butt dying would be a problem.
But I didnt. See? I am getting more tolerable, huh?
And, uh, since I hadnt ever, you know, checked out Chloes butt, or anything, I, uh, couldnt exactly say one way or another whether
Ahem. So, uh, yeah- there we were in 1096 looking for Robert Curthose.
And if I had to choose, Pipers body was way more-
Why am I telling you this? Geez, just leave me the helheim alone, will you? Im trying to tell a story here, in case you havent noticed. So ease up on the girl talk, whoever-you-are.
Between Chloes black leather jumpsuit from 2340, Pipers Viking garb from 794, and my mix-match of both of those eras and a little 2012 thrown in with my black Chucks, we looked the part of a bunch of random time-traveling bums. So after I let my female companions know that a change of clothes was in order, we approached some of the outer tents that bordered the multitude and went on the prowl.
We split up and ended up robbing whatever we wanted due to everyone being riveted by Peter the Hermit. Since I wasnt exactly feeling like a pilgrim on my way to the Holy Land, I wasnt just looking for random clothes that fit. I figured since I had to be there for six and a half more hours, looking awesome was my top priority. So after Id searched a few unoccupied tents, I hit the mother lode.
I made sure neither of the girls were in earshot before I let my nerd free and began jumping around like an idiot while I grabbed at all the armor and weapons that were adorning a wooden mannequin on the far side of the large tent.  It took me about ten minutes to put it all on because most knights wearing amazing suits of armor like this normally had about three servants helping them into it.
It. Was. Awesome.
Whoever the owner of the expensive armor was also liked to look at himself because there was a full-length mirror on one side of the tent that I used for my final inspection of the armor that fit like a dream.
The cuirass, gauntlets, paldrons, greaves, poleyn and boots were all shiny silver with a golden stripe which matched the great helm, which had an aventail, with a golden cross on the face of it. It was so light as I swung my arms around feeling the movement ratio. It was superb, by the way. The mail worn underneath it all was also not very heavy and I was beginning to think that I was sporting a prototype since I thought that all medieval armor was mega heavy.
The sword was a hand-and-a-half sword, or as it was referred to by the medieval owners, a bastard sword. The name sort of originated because it wasnt a one-handed sword nor was it a two-handed one even though most were heavy enough to require the use of both hands--more so for normal sized dudes from the 21st century- which is why I left the shield behind as I exited the tent, clasping the long white cape to the shoulder guards.
I have to admit I looked like something out of an rpg game rather than something real out of 1096. This may have not been the case had I not still wore both gauntlets of time on my hands, making me look wickedly bodacious. They also matched really nice, too, so sue me.
I clanked away from the tent feeling like a hero with my right hand on the jeweled pommel of the sword at my waist as I went to see if the girls had found anything to trump my Crusader getup.
My kingdom for a horse, I said, upon my entrance to the tent that held the girls. Im glad I had my helm under one arm for a lot of reasons. The first being that Chloe wasnt exactly dressed and that her screaming at me to get out while throwing a candlestick at me was better than if shed thought I was someone else. Not sure how but you never know.
Doing a twirl in mid step, I left the tent that smelled like roses and waited outside.
Would it kill you to knock? Chloe muttered from behind the canvas while Piper laughed out loud at my blundering entrance.
Perhaps, I said, pacing. Would it kill you to not run about naked? I told you these people were zealous, didnt I?
Piper came out of the tent then and my mouth dropped open when I saw her walking out in a long red silk dress that almost touched the ground with semi-puffed short sleeves that looked good with her toned pale arms.
You do know that if someone sees you in that youd be burnt at the stake for sure, I said, Lucky for you and your gypsy sister in there youve both met me, a valiant holy knight who has swayed you both into my beliefs and you are now both Christians.
Piper looked down at her dress then back up to me, Really?
Nodding I said, Yep. Funny how that works, isnt it?
Chloe walked out and my mouth dropped open again, What is this, VH1s I heart the 1090s?
Her dress looked about the same as Pipers except it was black and sort of a halter top. Hmm. I didn't know they had those back then. Placing a hand on a hip, Chloe narrowed her eyes. I dont want to hear it, Sir Chicago. There arent many womens clothes around here, if you havent noticed.
Like wearing boy clothes has ever been an issue for you, commander-major-captain-whatever from Russian boot camp, I said.
Whatever, Chloe said. We look amazing and you know it.
I dont have time for the Crusades Next Top Model, Chloe. You two just stay close behind me. I said, turning on my heel and clanking away from them as they fell in step behind me.
So you think we look like models? Chloe asked, nudging Piper and smiling secretly at her. Except Vikings dont know what models are so all she got in return was a small frown from Piper.  
We traversed out of the cluster of tents and headed around the people who seemed to still be having church and shouting God wills it to the top of their lungs. For once it seemed Chloe had listened to me as she and Piper walked close behind me as we avoided the crowd and headed for the rather small town of Juno.
I wasnt sure what we were supposed to do once we were inside but figured anything would beat the heck out of watching Peter the Hermit swindle men out of their lives and coins with his sermon. We entered the town through the stone gateway and found that the rather spacious little city was bustling with life even though it looked like every living soul within miles was listening to the loud preaching just outside.
These must be the ones that only show up on Easter, I joked to my companions. For once when they say that theyre not going due to all the hypocrisy theyre actually right.
We crossed the street to one side and began passing by all the local vendors who were selling everything from meat on a stick, linen, livestock and even women. I waved off all the vendors with ease due to my armor.
And maybe because I already had two women right behind me. I'm not sure. The progression of men and women selling their wares lasted a while but we finally reached the end and turned on the next street. 
Piper seemed to be having a good time, strangely, as she looked left and right, shaking her head at the vendors to their furs and strange meats. I guess I must've been watching her because she glanced at me quickly and caught me.
I was about to drop my gaze like the idiot I was when she surprised me with a wink and a smile.
Piper was, in a word, persistent. I know I hadn't exactly given her the answer she'd been wanting to hear back in Svalbard but that didn't seem to be deterring her in the quest for my affections.
And, man, but was she doing a good job.
Sad part was she wasn't trying that hard, now that I think about it.
These will look lovely in your beautiful hair, lass, an older flower-woman said to Piper, holding out a small white flower to her. 
She doesn't speak English, marm, I told her. But I agree. How much for the flower?
Nothing for her, sir, The old woman cackled. Her black hooded garb didn't look the cleanest but she seemed like a nice enough elderly person.
Piper took the flower and nodded to the old woman as we passed by. Chloe wasn't exactly living in the moment so most of the vendors that tried to get her attention didn't even merit a glance.
Too bad. A white flower would've looked good it her jet black hair, I would wager.
If that sounded bad to you because I seems like I was leading Piper on so I could keep my 'options' open, as it were, then you can stop right there. I would never do such a thing...
...to a girl who can decapitate polar bears with one swing.
And even if I were, which I most certainly was not, then why don't we weigh in my 'options', as I so eloquently put it. 
Chloe: The beautiful psycho-chic who had tried to kill me more than once, drug me through active war zones lurking with giant robots with machine guns and halfway across a frozen island, glares at me all the time, and, last but not least- called me Sir Chicago.
And then theres Piper: The also beautiful Viking chic who has been nothing but supportive of my time-traveling habit and who also winks at me a lot and is constantly reminding me of how awesome of a girlfriend shed be.
So which one do you think is a keeper, whoever-you-are?
Thats what I thought.
At least thats what I had been thinking when I turned around and noticed Klaus and his goons standing in our path.

Chapter 29



Youve got to be kidding me, I said to my silk-covered comrades.
Ha. That was really fun to say.
Lots of bad things began happening at once. The first of which was when I realized, after Id thrown up my hands to fry the bad guys, that if I used my gauntlet bolts Id cook myself in my stupid armor.
Isnt that just the way? You steal an awesome suit of armor fair and square and end up with a handicap because of it. 
Ode to the foolish charmer,
Who stupidly stole a suit of armor,
He thought it looked good,
And really thought he should,
So now he
And thats as far as Ive gotten on that little jewel of a piece.
Where was I?
Oh yes, all the bad things that started happening when the bad guys arrived. The first being I realized I couldnt attack them with my lightning gloves.
Turning quickly, I grabbed a female hand in each of mine and bolted down the street away from the Russians, who had regained enough composure from their jump to see me making a mad dash down the street dragging Chloe and Piper behind me.
I dragged them around a lot, huh? Youd think theyd save me for once
Get down, Chloe screamed, dropping to the ground and snagging Piper and I by the ankles, resulting in us face-planting in front of her. Before I could tell her to chill out I heard the unholy hiss of a rocket sizzle just above us and the barn about twenty feet in front of us exploded.
Since we were all three laying down covering our heads like frightened children, we didnt get thrown across the town like the last time wed encountered an exploding building. Getting to my feet, I cursed the horrifyingly loathsome armor I was wearing to helheim. Or I would have had not the air been driven from my lungs by my belly-flopping on the hard ground in the accursed armor.
Do they even want the gauntlets intact? I shouted above the roar of pandemonium that had ensued after Captain Horror had his men start sailing bottle-rockets from hell everywhere.
Good question, Piper said from behind when we bolted into an alley. We need horses.
We cant outrun Dragonovs, Chloe told us fiercely. The only chance we have is to obtain one of the suits ourselves.
The house wed been leaning against while breathing like water buffalos shook and groaned. I started taking the armor off and Piper began helping me. Let me out of this useless hunk of metal and Ill light them up like Russian Christmas trees.
Chloe had already started shaking her head, You cant. It takes them hours to reboot after a massive electrical jolt and we dont have time to wait for them. Theyve probably got their shields on now, anyway, after Scotland.
Seriously? I asked incredulously, pulling the armor over my head and tossing it before starting on my legs, grateful that Id left my mix matched clothes on underneath, Do they work like all good science-fiction and only can withstand so much?
Chloe frowned, getting on her knees in front of me and starting on the leg opposite the one I was working on. Before she could answer I said, Chloe, this isnt the best time for you to propose, dearest. 
Ripping off the leg armor, she glared at me before saying, No they dont work that way. Its a self sustaining type of shield that is the first of its kind.
Let me guess--your dad?
Chloe nodded and stood, Afraid so.
No sweet spot or anything? I asked, dropping the last of the horrid armor to the ground.
Only that theyre made to repel energy.
Come again?
Things like bolts from the gauntlets or lasers.
Frowning, I said, What about bullets?
Chloe looked at me like I was asking one of the most foolish questions imaginable. The Dragonovs dont have to repel bullets, Jericho. She said.
They cant stop a sword? Piper asked.
Chloe sighed and was probably about to let her know that if bullets bounced off without leaving a scratch then swords sure werent going to do any good in our endeavor, but I cut in.
If Piper and I drew their attention could you do anything from behind?
We had long since started running again and it wasnt making our planning any easier as we darted behind buildings and tents.
Maybe, Chloe said, looking uneasy. Ive never had to work on one before but my father said that if you take away all the bells and whistles the Dragonov is just a more fire-power oriented version of the older STAf-7s. If thats the case then-
Our hiding place shuddered and began collapsing from behind us. Whatever, just do it, I shouted, shoving her on her way and bolting away with Piper close behind.
Splinters of wood and shards of rock hit us in the back as the old house groaned and fell right where wed just been plotting. We skirted around the houses still standing and squatted behind a well. Peeking around the corner I saw that Klaus was still shouting at his devil soldiers and pointing at the rubble of the house theyd just brought down.
What are you planning to do, Jericho? Piper asked me just when we heard Klaus scream. Just what is your plan, Johnson?
Oh my gosh, but will you people leave me alone and let me think? I whispered furiously to Piper, Stay here and dont come out till I say. 
Before she could protest, I stood and walked out from behind the well with my hands up, Lets chat, Klaus, I called, walking slowly toward him and his gang of hellions.
Turning around, Klaus saw me and smirked. You really have not grasped that your life means nothing to me, have you? He said with his hands behind his back.
All three Dragonovs were covering me with their arms up and aimed, Since your trigger-happy lunatics have killed both my comrades in less than thirty seconds I dont see why anyone else has to die, I said the lie rough and hard and Klaus took it.
Smiling, the evil man asked, Both of them?
Yes. I growled.
Even Atriums girl?
Dont tell me you can count to two, I said, looking at him with the least amount of interest possible.
Thats a shame, Klaus said and he truly looked like he meant it as he frowned at the ground. Chloe had a brilliant future ahead of her as the first of her kind. My only hope is that we can salvage her remains for another prototype. Then to the two guards on his right he said, Find her body.
Ever the picture of obedience, the two Dragonovs tromped off in search of Chloes body because they needed it for
What was he talking about, again?
Im thinking I wasnt covering my facial features as good as I thought because Klaus noticed my darkened brow and said, I take it she never explained to you that shes synthetic.
Synthetic? I asked, completely thrown off my groove, Like a robot or android?
Shrugging, Klaus said, However you wish to put it although since she has functioning human parts riddled here and there throughout her metacore, she cannot be classified as an android or anything of the like.
Too fast. This was going way, way too fast.
Chloe came into my line of sight just then as she began sneaking up behind her target and I couldnt help but notice how fluid her movements were.
Without thinking, my hand went to my right shoulder that still ached at times from when I had tackled her in Rome. I recall stating that she had to be wearing body armor. Not wanting to believe that Id been tricked by some Skynet rip-off, I grasped at anything I could think of. But she bleeds. I saw that myself.
From the neck up, yes, Klaus told me. Minimum amount of blood and veins are required to keep the brain working properly and it also keeps all the mechanical fluids from the neck down at bay. Or somewhat, at least.
Then how is she the first of her kind? Dont you future people have robots running out your ears? I asked, watching in my peripheral vision as Chloe closed the gap between her and the unsuspecting pilot of the Dragonov.
Klaus sighed, Must I really explain this to you?
If you want your glove back, spill it.
Sighing, he said, The real Chloe was killed in a raid when she was fifteen. Her body wasnt salvageable but her father discovered her brain and a few other parts were. So after a year of testing he created the being youve been running through time with for the past few weeks.
Fifteen. Told you I hated that number.
Chloe was almost there. So her brain is all thats real?
Well, that and her spine, which was the real breakthrough in synthetics since hooking machine wires to a spine isnt easy and is also illegal, Klaus said.
It was true. All the insane feats Id seen Chloe do came rushing back to me in one big picture. 
Now, I think this concludes synthetic 101, Klaus said, extending his hand. The glove?
Checking the glove, I saw we had three hours left. No hope of a last minute train ride to safety this time. One last question, I said.
Klaus wasnt looking too happy now. What? he said.
Was Chloe programmed to glare a lot?
Klaus frown turned into a confused frown. Glare?
Chloe was standing right behind the Dragonov and seemed to be fiddling with the back plate without the soldier noticing. 
Smiling, I asked, Are you sure shes an android? The Dragonov shook hard once with a jolt and collapsed to the ground as the eye pieces stopped glowing, Because I think shes a freakin ninja.
Klaus spun around just in time to receive one of Chloes classic perfect ten hurricane kicks to his chest. I couldnt help noticing that he flew almost fifteen feet before landing on the sandy street.
Nice job, Robocop, I said, closing the gap between us and bending over to help her drag the pilot out of the Dragonov, which wasnt easy because he came out kicking and screaming, or he wouldve had not Chloe grabbed his neck when the chestpiece opened up and, from what I could see from three feet away, crushed his windpipe.
The other two are looking for whats left of your synthetic corpse. Wont take them long to realize your still running on full battery, Siri. I told her, looking her up and down like Id just met her.
Piper skidded to a stop beside us. Theyre not far away. Whatever youre going to do, do it.
Chloe dragged the dead man out of the suit and motioned to me, Get in. she commanded.
Not expecting this, I said, Why me? Youre the Terminatrix ninja chic- you get in. It wasnt that I was trying to take jabs at her for not telling me, or anything. I just truly and sincerely wanted her to pilot the Dragonov and save the day.
I cant, Chloe said quickly. This dress wont protect my skin inside it if it gets hot.
Frowning, I said, But if youre this robot chic-
Im not synthetic, you idiot, she shouted, Ill explain later but for now youve got to pilot this thing and fast.
Without another word, I turned around and laid down in the suit, working my gauntleted hands into the arm slots. The armor closed around my legs, chest and finally my face and I took a deep breath.
I dont know what Im doing, here, Chloe. I said, my voice resounding through the helmet, sounding deeper and a tad amplified. It was dark inside the helmet until the eyes of the face mask turned on and the sky appeared. Laying there for a second I saw a tiny loading sign spinning in the bottom right of my vision and a green bar came up beside a cloud, processed it, then the molecular structure of the cloud spilled out of the bottom of the green bar, explaining the various combinations required to create it.
I sat up. It felt like my real body when I placed a hand on the ground and got to one knee. The feeling isnt explainable, but Ill give it my best shot.
I felt like the mix of a Transformer, Spartan and a ninja. Or, as I like to call it--
Optimus Spinja.
That sums it up pretty good, I think.
Glancing at Chloe, more green bars appeared while the suit broke her down and informed me of her height, weight and even put how much of a threat she was on a scale of one to ten.
She was around a two.
You can tell it what to do in your mind if you are having doubts about commands, she said.
I had already figured this out when I had the suit make Chloes skin disappear so I could get a look as her insides, which were all flesh and organs without any robotics to speak of.
On Chloes end, I just looked like a tall suited man staring at her through an expressionless helmet. But she knew what I was doing. Holding up her hands she said, Satisfied?
Little bit, I said. Did you say this thing can fly?
Chloe nodded and started backing away, pulling Piper with her. How does it work? The Viking girl asked.
Dont ask. Chloe told her, Yes, it can fly. She tapped the side if her head, Tell it in there and be careful.
Then she turned and both girls bolted away leaving me standing in the sandy street. Turning around, I started for Klaus, who was trying desperately to get to his feet. My steps made satisfying tromping sounds when I stopped next to him, reached down and lifted him into the air by his coat collar.
I pulled his face close to my helmet and said, Stay down, pal. Things are about to get ugly.
I guess I should have just dropped him and gave him the two-fingered I-see-you point but instead I reared him back and sent him skipping down the street like a rock on a pond.
Stand down! I heard my fellow Dragonovs yell from behind me. I turned my head to the side to look at them from over my shoulder.
I said stand down, One of them shouted again.
I faced them, Anyone that dont figure on dying best slip out the back, I said in my most menacing Clint Eastwood voice before engaging the flight sequence in my mind.
Im not sure what I was expecting. I mean, there were a lot of variables when it came to a manned suit flying such as jetpack, rocket boots, wings, jetpack with wings and such. I guess I was hoping for rocket boots to be honest. But when the red hologram wings sprouted from my back and the lower back of the suit blasted me into the air with twin ports shooting blue flames, I must say that the boots seemed a tad drab.
I whooped loud while I climbed into the air at an almost sickening rate, if the feeling of all my organs slamming into my feet was anything to go by. After Id ascended so high that the town looked like a speck of the shoreline, I leveled out and began to circle back to see if my enemies had followed me into the sky. I saw them coming fast and prepared myself for my first aerial combat. 
The red holo-wings I'd thought were just for show were in fact the only way I could steer after I leveled out. Glancing at them in wonder, I saw that although I could see through them like any hologram, they were cutting the wind like butter. Then I remembered what Chloe had said about the self sustaining shield that could be engaged on the Dragonov and concluded that the wings could be something of the same material that had a limit to how far away it could go from my body.
Or course, since they looked like red fuzzy wings and not like a shield bubble, I decided that Id leave any questions about them for Chloe if I survived and just use them to help me survive.
Stopping in my soaring, I flapped my wings to stay in one place while the jetpack kept me hovering. Looking down past my feet dangling like church bells in the open air I saw the other Dragonovs appear above the clouds not five-hundred yards right below me.
Each of them hissed off a missile at me and the right side of my viewing screen blinked red and let me know that both missiles were in fact locked onto me.
Awesome. Just when I was really starting to enjoy flying I had to try and shake off heat-seeking rockets with my name on it.
Peachy.

Chapter 30



Let me stop here for a few seconds to tell you, whoever-you-are, that all youre about to hear about my awesome piloting skills is one-hundred percent true. If it sounds farfetched because you dont think I had the hours of practice like the other two schmucks had and that I even needed the hours of practice to survive, let me let you in on a little secret:
The Dragonovs werent like flying a plane or playing a video game because I told it to do everything in my mind and it did it. If I didnt know a certain way of putting something so that the female computer voice would understand, I simply envisioned doing what I wanted in my head and presto, it happened.
Sounds crazy, huh? Well, it was crazy.
Crazy fun.
Missiles inbound, The female computerized voice chirped.
I know, I know, I growled, turning off the wings and flipping once before assuming a perfect dive toward the oncoming missiles. Just before they reached me I turned on my right wing and flapped hard, spinning me out of the way. My foes werent expecting this and tried to fire off more shots but I got to them first.
I dont know if youve noticed this, but Im kind of a straightforward guy. So most of the time, without a plan in place as to what the heck Im going to do, I just end up tackling stuff.
Literally.
I spread my arms wide before slamming into one of them hard and the two of us spun through the air as we plummeted toward the sea. Punching, kicking or any other methods of forceful attacks were useless against both of us but that didnt stop us from trying. We beat at one another for a while and continued to drop to the black ocean, each trying to get in a good punch. Paying too much attention to beating my enemys brains out and paying zero attention to the fact we were running out of open air was just one of the reasons we landed in the cold waters of Normandy and began sinking fast like the hunks of metal we were.
Lights on the sides of our helmets automatically came on as we sank into the dark water. The female voice chirped every time we went down another ten feet, which was annoyingly a lot because we sank so fast. Then my opponent finally shoved me away and turned on his jetpack, floating in place as I watched him while I kept sinking.
Lock onto target, I said, holding up both arms.
I guess he figured out what I was doing because he blasted off, rocketing to the top of the sea. Blasting off after him, I kept my arms up and let my targeting system do its thing.
Target locked, It beeped.
Fire, I said and two heat-seekers fired off from my wrists. 
What? Just two?
Keep firing, you crazy computer chic, I yelled as four more missiles hissed away after my target.
Better? It asked, shocking me.
Uh, I muttered before my missiles hit the escaping suit and what was left of the man began sinking in a flaming mass. Yeah, loads. Thanks for asking.
I shot out of the water like a speeding bullet (youre going to say nothing of that comment) and started looking for the last bogey. Climbing higher and higher into the sky I found he wasnt in sight. Then I remembered that I was flying in state-of-the-art battle armor.
Find him, I said, stopping in the air to hover. When nothing happened I said, Uh, locate nearest enemy?
Still nothing.
I thought for a second before trying a few other commands with no results. Wow. Even future computers crashed, it seemed.
Although I couldnt say right then and there, I was pretty sure that Microsoft had their name somewhere on the Dragonov I was in and the only way I could fix my little targeting issue was to purchase the Windows 2340 upgrade for $39.99.
Or switch to Apple.
Neither of these thoughts helped me find my target and if my computer voice hadnt beeped informing me of incoming missiles, I might never have found him. Red dots zipped toward the small blue X (that was me) on my targeting screen.
Blasting off I said, Deploy counter measures. It was a perfectly logical command I thought because it stood to reason that anything that flew and shot weapons had to have counter measures, right?
Wrong.
Apparently the Dragonov didnt rock counter measures or anything resembling them.
I told you Microsoft made that hunk of junk.
Barrel-rolling to my left, I gritted my teeth and spun, just waiting for one of the small missiles to hit me. None of them did, shockingly, and they hissed past me. I stopped spinning and turned to see the last enemy flying toward me. 
Any other weapons besides missiles? I asked.
Please select from the following options. The female voice told me and a list of what I was assuming were weapons appeared on the screen that also included the rushing Dragonov almost upon me.
Scanning the list in panic I randomly picked one, shouting, Saber rounds.
Saber rounds selected. Auto-locking target.
I know I say and have said this a lot in this story but here it is again-- 
Im not sure what I was expecting before two thick eight-barreled mini guns appeared from somewhere on the back of my suit and lowered down over my shoulders. The opposing Dragonov didnt stand a chance when they started firing once the computer had locked onto him. Unlike normal gatling style weapons that fire at a severely rapid rate, these little jewels, which were shooting armor piercing rounds, fired at an almost slow pace considering the type of weapon that they were.
Something beeped loud and the voice in my head said, Target has deployed self-destruct. Would you like a suggestion?
The almost sing-song way the computer spoke was a little disconcerting, just saying. But since I did have a falling apart hunk of almost exploding metal almost upon me, I shouted, Yes,  Covering the eyes of my helmet against the coming kamikaze.
The suggestion, as the voice put it, was in fact the shutting off of my boosters and holo-wings, causing me to instantly drop abd the other flaming Dragonov passed just overhead whilst I pin wheeled down. I was probably thirty feet underneath it when the self-destruct happened, the force of the explosion sending me speeding downward in crazy cartwheels before I landed back in the ocean.
Our aerial fight had brought us close to the shoreline it seemed because I hit bottom hard, landing on my back while sand kicked up all around me. I laid there for a second trying to take in all that had just happened in the last five minutes before groaning and getting to my feet. Looking up, I saw that I was in about fifteen feet of water. Deciding that Id had enough flying for the time being, I began walking slowly toward the bank, my feet tearing through the weak seaweed and scaring fish away from their homes.
It was kind of peaceful, actually, trudging under the water in semi slow-motion after Id just handed two deadly soldiers their own butts. Little pieces of shrapnel began dropping into the water above me, swirling past me or landing on my helmet and shoulders with a soft clink before settling on the bottom.
It was strange to think that hundreds of years from now some intrepid explorer might find the remains of 23rd century battle armor under the waves and think it to be something else entirely. 
My helmet was out of the water by that time and I saw Chloe and Piper standing on the beach watching. Chloe, after the suit incident, was back in her black jumpsuit while Piper still rocked the dress. Hoping I looked half as wicked-cool as I felt whilst marching out the sea like a robot-playa, I approached them, stopping ankle deep in foam in front of the spectators.
Are you alright? Chloe asked with a look of sincere worry. It looked like it got a little rough up there.
I shrugged, causing the whir of gears with the motion, Nothing I couldnt handle, it seems, I said, suddenly serious when a notion struck me. Chloe, these things cant fall into the wrong hands. I knew it wasnt a great idea in the first place but after using one-
I know. Chloe said, nodding. Klaus is gone. He jumped a few seconds after you went after the other two Dragonovs.
Where could he have gone? Piper asked, Dont you have what he wants?
Power down. I said as the suit sank to its knees, the chest and arms opening, allowing me to step out on the sand- then I fell down.
Chloe and Piper both grabbed under my arms and lifted me to my feet. Careful, Jericho, Chloe told me. Youre going to have to walk slowly for a minute. 
All feelings of my awesome heroism were all but gone after having to have each of my arms looped around a girls neck to walk. Also they seemed to be the only viewers to bear witness to my feats of aerial combat because the sermon being held by Peter the Hermit was still in full swing with the crowd still shouting God wills it.
It was for the best, I suppose. Had any want-to-be pilgrims saw the three winged demons flying overhead whilst the Hermit spoke they mightve changed their tunes from amen to burn him.
We finally made it back to the stump wed been sitting on before all helheim broke loose and I gratefully sat back down slowly. I wasnt sore, or anything, but just wobbly. I was, however, able to walk the last ten of fifteen feet to the stump without the aid of my female crutches so I guess that was a plus.
The three of us sat in silence for a few minutes, choosing to stare at the ocean this time instead of the multitude of people. When my gauntlet said two hours left I broke the silence. So whyd Klaus think you were synthetic? I asked, keeping my eyes on the sea.
Chloe didnt answer right away and Im thinking she was probably trying to think of the best way of telling an uncomfortable story. He was talking about Beck, my sister.
Beck, I repeated, looking at her. Like, little sister, twin sister?
Identical twin, she confirmed.
Piper hadnt heard Klaus speech so she just sat there watching us talk about things she didnt understand. Poor thing.
Since I didnt want to leave her completely out, I leaned slightly in her direction and touched my shoulder to hers, Was everything he said about the raid when she was fifteen true, then?
In a roundabout way, yes, She said, leaning forward and putting her elbows on her knees. The explosion that killed her happened when she was twenty but shed been missing since she was fifteen.
Why?
Sighing, Chloe shrugged, Beck was always the more rebellious of the two of us but the real reason was she met someone handsome who turned out to be a Rebel and she ran away with him.
Tough break. But that still doesnt explain why Klaus thought you were her.
Father was always a recluse and since we were his daughters, so were we. When you live in a war-ridden city where you dont go out unless youre killing something, its not hard to hide the fact that you have more than one child, which is illegal. Chloe said.
Wow. Way to cut down on population growth. If its illegal to have more than one kid Kate Gosselin wouldve got the life sentence. Har har. But if theres a law saying you can only have one child isnt there like a fallback plan for people unfortunate enough to have twins?
Apparently not, Chloe said. Our father was a renowned scientist so he was a public figure. And since he didnt want to keep us locked up like animals he alternated taking one of us with him. She smiled then at some memory before saying, After years of this it became almost like a currency between us. We would trade each other turns or give them to each other in exchange for something. Beck was quite the business woman because she went more than me in our teens. Her smile faltered. Then one day she went and never came back.
Just like that? I asked, frowning, She never told you any plans of, I dont know, ditching you guys for Romeo the Rebel?
She never believed that all the fighting was necessary and the Rebels say that theyre trying to stop the war so I guess thats all she needed to hear.
When was she wounded? Piper asked, sounding cute considering the wound she was referring to was in fact death and reanimation but hey, she was a Viking, cut her a break. 
Five years later. Beck was the commander of the raiding party attacking our supply lines and I was sent to stop her. I didnt know it was her until I got close and she lifted her helmet to ask how father was doing. Chloe face darkened and I was beginning to think that maybe I shouldnt have opened this particular can of worms, but since I was nosy I asked, What happened then?
Then her team and my team fought, my team won, and I carried her remains back to my father, Chloe said this in a very hard sort of way, like she was starting to feel annoyed at the subject but didnt want to stop. Father couldnt have saved her without the help of his estranged colleague Dr. Cross. So after a few days in the lab Beck was fully functional, with the exception of having her memories of the Rogues wiped. Since Dr. Cross, father and I were the only ones who even knew that shed vanished five years prier, there wasnt any danger of her identity getting out if we started switching places again. The problem came when my father realized that I was now a field scientist with my own platoon and couldnt just switch places with my newly synthetic sister anymore. So after Beck had paced the floors on lockdown for a few weeks she disappeared again. In those weeks was when Klaus showed up unexpected and caught my father tweaking a few wires on Becks arms. Thats why he thinks Im synthetic.
It was a rather long story for such a short question but I was about as enlightened as I was going to get, it seemed. I wanted to ask what she and her father felt throughout the course of it, though, because she told the facts straightforward and left out all emotions attached.
Like, did she and her sister have a good relationship? Did she think daddy loved Beck more? Was she glad her sister was gone? I wanted to ask all of those questions until I saw a tear slip down Chloes cheek and all of them were answered.
Piper stood and crossed over to sit besides Chloe, putting an arm around her shoulders. You dont know where she went? she asked softly.
Chloe sniffed and shrugged again. Erasing selected memories isnt easy and theres always a chance that theyll come back. My guess is that they did one day and she went back to the Rebels.
And since Klaus didnt know about her he thinks youre synthetic, I said.
Chloe nodded. Its one of the reasons he sent me after you. To see what I could do.
I stood and walked a few steps away, Where do you think he went?
I dont know, Chloe said.
He really has to be stopped. 
You think I don't know that?
Then think, Chloe. Where would he go if he was running for his life? I said, getting on my knees in front of her and grabbing her hands with my gauntlets.
Chloe managed a smile. This isnt the time to propose, Jericho.
Smiling back, I said, Its a heck of a lot better time than yours in the middle of a battle.
Chloe looked toward the town that Klaus had fled from, There are so many places he couldve gone. But he most likely wouldve gone to a place where he could get more men.
Flagstaff? I asked, checking my right gauntlet. Not like we could follow him if we wanted to but you know
This might be our last random jump, though. Chloe reminded me. Father said two or three. Its been three so maybe were going back to Flagstaff anyway.
You mean Flagstaff two years later. The place where I die, remember? I decided to throw in for her. Youre dad also said that I hated Klaus more than anything and I got to say, if we jump in the next few minutes straight to Flagstaff, I dont think I meet quota on that spill. I mean, dont get me wrong, I think hes a complete jerk, for an evil world-dominating mastermind, but your dads description of me wasnt the way I feel right at the moment.
Maybe it was because Chloe didnt think I was head-over-heels in love with her or Piper that made her look at me the way she did then, but after I saw her face the only logical place I could think of that Klaus would go suddenly came into my mind.
God, no, I muttered. We have to follow him.
Jericho, we don't know if we can, Chloe said, standing and holding her arms out to me the way a negotiator might to a suicide bomber.
Your dad said something about jumps leaving traces. Whered he jump from? I was almost shouting now.
Somewhere in the street but we dont know that he-- 
I bolted for the town with Chloe and Piper calling after me to stop. I was out of breath by the time I reached the sandy street that Id thrown Klaus in. A few buildings and houses were still smoldering in piles after the Dragonov raid and all the people had vanished somewhere to hide. 
Not knowing what I was looking for or how to look for it, I began walking around in a long circle, holding up my right glove like it was a cell phone and I needed bars. Then, miraculously because of how foolish I felt, I did indeed get bars. The gauntlets screen that had been counting down the time left in 1096 vanished and was replaced by a sentence stating that I was in range of a jump site.
Future Wi-Fi. I murmured to myself.
A red marker appeared that worked like a compass and after a minute of walking around I stopped when it glowed green and said a jump had happened there almost forty minutes ago. I glanced around. It didnt look any different, then I saw the air shimmer like a heat wave a few feet away. 
Then the date of the jump appeared, confirming my fears.
Chicago, Illinois, August 4th, 2012.
Then another blip appeared on the screen that read:
Would you like to travel to this destination?
Before I could select yes of no a Dragonov landed beside me, causing a crater in the middle of the street and scaring me to death. The helmet opened and I saw Chloes face. Is it giving you an option to follow him?
I nodded.
Piper appeared beside me, grabbing my arm. Then lets go.
Chloe laid an armored hand on my other shoulder and I selected yes on my glove. 
Apparently it was time to go.

Chapter 31



I ran away from my foster home once when I was ten years old. The pressure of being that young and also being in the tenth grade was a tad much, I guess, because I packed my backpack with four PBJs and two liters of Kool-Aid and struck out alone in the small town of Pelahatchie, Mississippi. I left a note for my foster mother where I thought shed see it on the counter a few feet away from where she was gabbing away on a cord phone and left.
My adventure, which consisted of being told, Go home, kid. You bother me. By the busman and being chased by two Doberman pinschers a few neighborhoods over, was a short one, indeed, but I would have soldiered on had not one key factor happened that made me rethink my escape of reality...
I ran out of Kool-Aid.
That, whoever-you-are, was my cue to call it a day and go home.
Oh yeah. I guess I never told you that whoever my parents were left me at an orphanage when I was around eight months old. I was a real life baby-on-the-doorstep scene, they told me.
Please, no pity. 
The only real setback this caused in my life of perfection was that I couldnt go to college at twelve when I graduated and had to wait till I was fifteen. Other than that Ive been great. I guess if I hadnt spent so much time with my face in books, and I mean a lot of books, I mightve wondered more about why I was dumped and who had done the monstrous deed.
You say repressed. I say reformed.
When I arrived back home about a hour later, drenched in sweat from running from the hellhounds, I went in to explain to Maryann, my foster mom, that I didnt mean what Id written in the note and that Id also like some more grape Kool-Aid.
Except she was still laughing away on the phone and hadnt even seen the note.
Having to come home because I was out of delicious grape-flavored water (unlikely because I now hate Kool-Aid and have banned it from my mansion) wouldve been great this time around instead of coming home to try and save the lives of the only two people in 2012 that I actually cared about.
We were ready for anything when the three of us phased into Chicago. I glanced around and saw that we happened to be standing right behind my favorite coffee shop on this side of town. Mikeys Place.
It was great that we didnt land in the middle of a highway and get hit like three time-traveling bums by on-coming traffic, and all, but it was horrifying that Klaus had landed only a street over from my house.
I looked us over to see how wed make out in a coffee shop and noticed that we didnt look that bad for three different times. Chloes jumpsuit was okay, Pipers dress would draw a lot of male attention and since I was a billionaire that everyone here knew, I could wear whatever I freakin wanted.
Except Chloe was in a Dragonov. Uh, that might not blend in too well here, dearest.
Then the suit disappeared right before my eyes. What the heck?
Hows that? I heard Chloes voice say.
Of course it has a cloaking device. I muttered, Your old man really made these little jewels a regular Swiss Army knife, didnt he?
Something like that. The cloak only lasts ten minutes, though. 
Piper, who had by this time saw too much science-fiction and was therefore unimpressed, said, This is where youre from, Jericho?
Nodding, I glanced around. Yep. The economy blows, the government is a tad tyrannical at times and healthcare is a nightmare but its home, I guess. Then I turned to where I thought Chloe was, Take the gauntlets and get into the sky. Piper and I are going through this shop and my house is just on the other side of the street, so meet us at my steps.
Be careful. Chloe said, taking the gloves I held out to her. They vanished into what I was guessing was a compartment on the Dragonov before I heard the quiet hum of her taking off. Funny how the sounds of a busy city can hide the sounds of a jetpack.
I grabbed Pipers hand, Youre with me, sweetheart. Try and act natural and if someone sees us and sticks a small gray box in your face and asks if youre an Australian model or my girlfriend just say no comment. 
Piper nodded like she wasnt listening while she looked at our hands clasped together. Opening the back door, I stepped in and pulled her in behind me. The aroma of caffeinated goodness flooded my nostrils and I almost died from the heavenly scent. Man, I couldve used a good cup of coffee.
We entered the shop area and I was recognized instantly by a lot of people. I had forgotten that I left with Chloe almost two months ago and to these people Id been MIA for that long.
Of course, I guess it was kind of true.
We walked past the counter as the cameras began flashing, Evening, Charlie, I said to the smiling girl, who was now the manager of the joint just like I had said.
How are you this evening, Mr. Johnson? She asked.
Before I could tell her that Id been better she blurted, And where have you been for the past two months?
Since I hadnt been expecting to lie so quickly, I went with the story that I told Piper to say no comment on. My Mediterranean villa with Piper, my Australian knockout model of a girlfriend. Duh. 
Reporters frequented Mikeys Place because of me a lot and since Id been gone for a few months the place was crawling with them just hoping for a glance of me, I guess.
Well, a glance they did get and then some as they blocked the door when I tried to exit with my arm linked through Pipers.
How long has she been modeling? One asked with the dreaded gray box Id warned Piper of.
Since January. I said.
How long have you been together.
No comment. Piper said, cutting me off before I could say December. Then she said with a smile, Although it does feel like weve been together for hundreds of years. 
Is she the one, Jericho? A woman asked with her recorder out.
Uh, I glanced at Piper and sized her up. Maybe. I do know that Id travel through time and space just to be with her.
A chorus of aws and oohs went up throughout the crowd of reporters. Pressing my way through them I said, Thats all. You guys wait here and Ill be right back.
Cameras were still flashing when the two of us exited the buzzing coffee shop and walked across the semi-busy street, stopping at my steps. All looked quiet inside. Well, about as quiet as a four-story mansion could be, I mean. 
I guess this is a good time to interject where most of my funds came from. I want you to think of the stock market, horse racing, the super-bowl, the lottery and just about every other gambling event you can think of. Got it? Now, I want you to think of the only person you know of that has ways of finding out what the stocks, horse race, super-bowl and lottery are going to do tomorrow. Got that one?
I think that's enough explaining, actually. If you haven't figured it out by now then I don't think there's any hope for you. And a lot of it came from stocks. Just saying.
Whats the plan? I heard Chloes voice ask from the middle of the steps somewhere ahead of us.
I tried to walk past her but ended up bumping into her stupid invisible armor and almost falling backwards. Watch where Im going, for Gods sake, I told her, finishing the climb to my door with Piper behind me. 
Unlock, I said, letting my awesome security system recognize the voice of its master. 
Id always thought this was super-advanced but since I had a cloaked suit of futuristic battle-armor behind me the thunder was kind of stolen from my expensive home-security system right at the moment. We entered slowly with me glancing left and right for any signs of a crazy Russian guy with a gun. 
Chloe was still cloaked when she came in behind us and closed the door. It took us almost fifteen minutes to sweep the whole house before we could deduce that Klaus wasnt there. 
And neither was Evonne or Louise.
The girls didnt think that was a big deal. So I told them that they both lived there and, since they were old, never left at night to go on the prowl and paint Chicago red.
How would you know? Chloe asked, visible now because shed shut off the cloak to let it recharge, climbing out of it when it powered down in my boasting room. You dont look the type to give them the night off much.
After I decided that the Dragonov looked like it should be a permanent piece in my enormous living room, I glared at her. Thanks for that, Chloe. And FYI, I am the best boss ever. Also I know that theyd be expecting me back soon and wouldnt be out catching a movie.
What about your lab? Chloe asked, ignoring my glare and trying to be helpful.
We can look but Klaus couldnt have gotten in, I told her, heading for the elevator. 
Unless he threatened your friends with a weapon, Piper threw in.
I gave her a horrified I-cant-believe-you-just-said-that look and Chloe gave her the same look only hers was more of an I-told-you-not-to-tell-Timmy-his-gerbil-died look.
Shrugging, Piper added, Sorry. Just saying.
Indeed, I muttered, opening the door to the elevator.
The ride down was silent while Piper glanced around in awe at the giant metal bucket lowering us into the ground. Of all the crazy science-fiction stuff happening to her she was getting the biggest charge out of the elevator. Kind of hilarious, really.
Exiting the elevator when the doors finally opened, I saw that the lights were already on, which meant that someone had been down there recently because they go off after a few minutes of no one being present.
Or it meant that someone was still here.
But after sweeping the lab we found nothing but my research material and lots of old weapons. Then Chloe found a note scribbled on a Post-It stuck to one of the touch-screens on the walls. She read it and her face turned grim before she called me over and passed it to me.
I have your hired help. Meet me in your classroom at the college to exchange the gloves for their lives. You have until 10:00 PM. I read aloud, checking my glove and seeing it was 9:15. Bit drab and uncharacteristic for a guy bent on world domination, dont you think? I coined to my female cohorts. I mean, what if we hadnt seen this? Or what if we didnt even follow him here?
Piper just shrugged while Chloe said, No matter how long it would have taken us to follow his jump we would have gotten here at the same time.
I guess. I said, crossing the room. Chloe, take Piper back upstairs and look in the first guest bedroom on the left from the bragging room. There should be some clothes that fit her in the dresser.
Chloe gave me a questioning look, to which I replied, The Mu Tai say always be ready, Chloe. So thats what I strive to be.
It was a saying I got off of an old karate flick from my childhood, but hey, who cares. The statement would have been true were it said on my karate film or Blues Clues. So you just bought girl clothes to keep around the house just in case someone you bring home needs to change clothes? Chloe said, looking at me with narrowed eyes.
Yeah, I told her, lying through my teeth. The mentioned leftover hand-me-down clothes actually belonged to an actress that I dated for a few months who shall remain nameless.
No really, like, youre never going to find out who it was. So get used to it and learn to let things go.
And hurry. We still got to go to the college. I told them while they headed for the elevator. Once they left I set to work selecting a few weapons from my old and new collections. Finishing concealing weapons like throwing knives, small handguns and things like that all over my body, I sat down to wait. The throwing knives were more for anyone else on my team who was feeling lucky enough to toss a few at an enemy because I was pretty much rubbish at throwing a knife. Evonne had tried to teach me but after almost a month that only had, like, two good stuck knives, he had told me that if I ever brought any along with me to hand them off to someone else who could actually throw a knife.
Throwing a hand-axe was more my speed but I saw that knives were a lot easier to hide under clothes that an axe, no matter what size it was.
Minutes ticked by.
I checked my glove every now and then and after five minutes I stood and headed for the elevator. What the heck was taking them so long, anyway? Surely a chic from the 8th century wouldnt take long getting into clothes.
The ride up felt longer than twenty seconds as a crossed my arms and drummed the sharp fingers of my gloves on my skin. Id forgotten that I was still wearing both gauntlets. Since Chloe had never asked for hers back I guess it was fine.
Plus, I looked a lot cooler with two. Just saying.
I stepped out into the hallway that led to the boasting room and crossed the distance to the door, muttering something about females taking forever and that this was the very reason I would never get married and have children because one of them might be a girl who will one day have a husband of her own and take forever getting ready and drive him mad.
Okay, maybe I thought most of that but some of the words actually came out, sounding something like, Never gonna get married be a chic husband crazy saving other dudes by not getting hitched. Thats a new one, JJ. 
Reaching for the doorknob, it turned and the door opened. All thoughts of having slow daughters vanished and were replaced by thoughts that were something along the lines of, ITS KLAUS! BAD GUY, BAD GUY! PUNCH HIS LARYNX!
Except it was the girls, staring at me while I crouched like a coil ready to spring at an enemy.
Bit jumpy, Jericho? Chloe asked, smirking.
Shut up, Chloe, I said curtly, sweeping past her. Lets go save my butler and maid. God knows I couldnt ever replace them and this joint needs looking after.
And FYI, Chloe better be glad that I hadnt punched her larynx with my fists of destruction.

Chapter 32



Piper and I took a cab while Chloe followed us in a cloaked Dragonov from above. I suppose we couldve taken one of my many vehicles since owning a lot of expensive cars was just a thing that all billionaires did, but I decided that it wouldve ended up left on a curb whilst I went through time, or something like that. 
Piper kept the questions about everything we passed to the minimum so as to, I dont know, not bother me, I guess. Which was kind of relieving but also not so much because I didnt want her to think she couldnt talk to me when she wanted.
Whats on your mind, Piper? I asked. She was sitting on the other side of the black duffel bag that was in between us. Dont know how it had ended up there since now that I think about it, it was a tad inconvenient as far as hitting on someone was concerned.
I know what youre thinking. 
But Jericho, how could you be thinking of hitting on someone with your friends lives hanging in the balance?
What can I say? Im an awesome multitasker. And she looked so different in the 21st century clothes that it seemed a waste just to sit in silence, you know?
You dont know, do you. Whatever. 
Shed changed into a pair of faded jeans and a lime green American Eagle t-shirt. I noticed she was also wearing a pair of blue Chuck Taylors, which seemed to go too well with her top and made me wonder who had actually picked the outfit. I was thinking how comfortable these shoes are. She said, peering down at her feet past the broadsword that was riding between her knees.
Wow. The way she was dressed and wielding a sword was something out of my wildest, nerdiest dreams.
Theyre great, right? I said, I wore these things long before I bought half the company that makes them. They cant be beat, really.
Then I realized that I had probably sounded conceited by the mentioning of buying half of Converse. You are very rich, arent you, Jericho? Piper asked, looking up from her feet to me.
Great. I knew Id sounded conceited.
I get by.
How? She asked.
Opening the small duffel bag, I pulled out the glove that had started it all. Because of this, I said, handing it to her. I use it to go forward a day or so sometimes to predict the future. Apparently its a big hit nowadays.
And the people of your time dont know about this?
Nope, I said, glancing out my window. We were almost to the college.
So youre a fraud, Piper said and I noticed it wasnt a question but her just laying out all the facts and giving it a name. 
I bobbed my head in a side-to-side, indecisive fashion before saying, I wouldnt say fraud, per sey maybe just well informed.
But you lie when people ask how you do it, right?
I was starting to not like this conversation very much. Well, yeah, but only because other people dont need to go back in time at will, Piper.
And you can? she asked, passing the gauntlet back to me.
I wasnt ready for this talk with anyone yet. The only two people that knew about me before had been Evonne and Louise and since they were basically millionaires themselves because they worked for me, neither of them had tried to give me the dont you think this is a tad shady? talk.
And here I was, in the back of a cab with a beautiful Viking chic that I was trying to holla at, as it were, and she was making me feel like the biggest liar to date.
And yes, whoever you are, I do in fact know that I kind of am the biggest liar to date. 
Well, Bill Clinton might actually have me beat but a guy has to keep trying.
Listen, Piper, I know this may sound lame, but there was a reason I found the gauntlet and no one else did. It was half-buried in the bushes on a nature trail frequented by thousands of regulars every day. Why was I, the man who hates nature trails and was only there to meet a buddy from college, the one to find it? Im not one to talk about the fates or whatever but if Chloes dad hadnt have hidden it from Klaus the world as we know it wouldve been toast a long time ago.
Before I knew it, I had grabbed her hand in the vehemence of Im not sure the passion of my own self-denial, maybe? Whatever the cause, I grabbed her hand, You told me once that none of this was my responsibility and that may be. But if I, the one who found the glove and kept Klaus from screwing up the planet in the first place, dont try and stop him, who will? And since your time wont be ruined by Klaus, its you who have the best reasons to not be helping me do this. 
Our eyes were locked when I finished and we didnt hear the cab driver tell us that we were at our stop while we took in each others face.
I really like you, you know, she said, her mouth curving slightly in a knowing smile when she repeated the words that had haunted me since shed last spoke them on our frigid fishing trip. Thats why Im here, Jericho. Whatever you decide after this is all over, Im just glad that the great Jericho Johnson took the time to stop by my small village.
Then she leaned toward me slowly, our eyes still locked, and I leaned toward her slowly, our heads turned perfectly for the long-awaited, time-defying kiss. 
But right before the most awesome moment of my life was complete, someone knocked on my passenger door. 
Im not one to stop mid magical first kiss and certainly not one to stop post magical first kiss. But since we did have an evil lunatic trying to kill us on the loose, I did stop, turning to see who the buzz-kill of an intruder was.
If the two of you are quite done it seems weve arrived, Chloe said curtly from the other side of the window.
Geez. I wouldve preferred Klaus instead of Chloe right about then. God knows it wouldnt have been near as embarrassing. 
I nodded and Chloe turned in her Dragonov and headed up the steps to the college. I went to open the car door but Piper still had one of my hands. Pulling it to her lips, she planted the kiss that shouldve been on my lips on my hand. Then she winked at me before letting go of my hand and opening her car door.
After paying the cabbie, who, as he explained to me after seeing our getup and weapons, was also a fan of renaissance fairs and wished us the best, we climbed the long flight of steps and entered the college.
Since the door had been kicked in I didnt have to use my keys, which turned out to be awesome considering I didnt have them on me, anyway. Cmon, Jericho, pull it together, man.
Darkened halls was what greeted us and since I wasnt in ninja mode I turned on a light every time we passed a switch toward my classroom. 
The better to see him with, my dear, I told Chloe after shed given me a questioning look.
How do you want to play this, Jericho? Chloe asked.
What do you mean? I muttered, checking other rooms as we passed for Klaus just in case.
We cant give him the glove. She said simply.
I stopped walking and turned to the girl beside me in the enormous battle suit. We also cant let him kill my friends, Chloe.
Fair enough, Chloe droned, vanishing before me. Ill move in when I can.
The journey to my room seemed to take longer than I remembered it taking when Piper and I stopped at my door. Taking a deep breath, I pushed into the room, with my gun ready.
Jericho, Klaus said to me, like he were addressing a long lost colleague, So nice of you to join us.
Evonne and Louise were on their knees in front of the madman, a pistol at the back of each of their heads. Let them go, I said automatically with Piper beside me ready to spring into action.
Klaus sneered at me. You had three minutes until you would have found their corpses. Cutting it a little close, are you not? Then he scanned the room and added, Where is Beck?
Shes back at my house in case you showed your ugly mug back there first, I told him, edging to my right, my own pistol still pointed toward him.
Although this sounded like the truth because I had thought about leaving one of the girls behind for that reason, Klaus wasnt buying it. You care for too many people in this room, Jericho. Here, He said, cocking one of his guns, Allow me to help you think faster.
Then he shot Louise.
The older black woman cried out, landing on the hard floor. He'd hadn't mortally wounded her, but since she wasn't the youngest of women he probably didn't have to.
Evonne went to help her but Klaus cocked the gun and held it against his head, Don't even think about it. He told him and Evonne resumed his kneeling with his hands on his knees. Everyone else but you out of the room. Now, he told me.
Freakin' maniac, I shouted, stepping closer to the horrifying scene, She's an old woman, for God's sake!
Klaus leveled a gun at me this time, I'm tired of your games. Now you can finally see that I am done playing them with you. The glove, if you please. He said, motioning the gun toward a desk a few feet in front of him.
Chloe, I said aloud, starting for the evil man, Come out, please, and don't try anything. I don't want anyone else hurt.
It took a few seconds for Chloe to realize that I was serious and she appeared to my right halfway between Klaus and I.
Chloe? Klaus asked carefully.
There has always been two of us, Chloe told him, causing any confusion Klaus might have been having right then to escalate.
Leave, I told the girls. Piper wasn't thrilled about it but she exited with Chloe tromping behind her.
A wise decision, Klaus stated once the door closed behind them, See? All you needed was a push in the right direction. Then he kicked at Louise's feet.
I'm going to kill you, you know, I muttered between clenched teeth, stopping beside the desk that Klaus had motioned at. Let Mitch go first. 
No.
Mitch first, I shouted.
Klaus smiled at me. Sometimes people don't get what they want, boy.
You're right, I said, placing the glove on the desk and   cocking my pistol before aiming it at the gauntlet of time.
It won't matter. Sparks will just make another once your dead. Klaus said although he wasn't smiling anymore.
Is that so? I said, sounding more in control of my voice now, Then why didn't he after this little jewel vanished?
His face darkened and I kept going. Oh, that's right, I said, lightly slapping my forehead in mock revelation, Because there isn't anymore Z-90 to make one.
Klaus growled low and I saw a muscle jerk in his jaw. Then he grabbed Evonne's shoulder, On your feet.
I'm so glad you're not wearing those heinous wind pants you wore when you visited Nero, master Johnson, Evonne said, getting to his feet slowly, his eyes on me. Terribly inconvenient in a tussle, wouldn't you say?
Klaus' eyes were on the glove beside me and he either didn't hear what Evonne had just told me to do or just didn't care that we were talking.
But I knew what he was trying to tell me.
And all helheim was about to break loose.
Klaus shoved him on his way and after he'd taken a few steps away and blocked me from the madman's line of sight, I sprung into action.
When Evonne and I had been captured and brought before Nero, the crazed emperor thought we were spies and had everyone else leave the room so he could personally question us due to the fact that he didn't trust anyone in his court.
To make a long story short, Nero had produced a sword and tried to make us talk that way. Since we were weaponless and I was completely out of ideas, I did the only thing that I could think of to gain the upper-hand-
I shoved Evonne into Nero. Really, really hard.
I know, I know... It wasn't among the pantheon of all of my normally glorious short-notice plans and it did in fact end with us escaping. 
But it was a half-cocked crazy plan that Evonne had made me promise never to do again.
Ha.
I shoved Evonne as hard as I've ever shoved another human being in my life and the effects were absolutely magical, if I do say so myself. Both men ended up barreling over backwards and over the top of the line of desks behind them.
Klaus' gun went off when they landed and a light fixture exploded to my left. Roaring, Klaus went to throw Evonne off of him but suddenly got a taste of what happens when my butler in his sixties get's severely put off. Evonne sat up a tad before swiveling and planted the most sickening sounding elbow to the man's face before rolling off him and prying the gun out of his hands, standing and holding the weapon on Klaus.
I guess he thought I was done and that's why he decided to hold him at gunpoint, so I could take a minute to think and devise the best way to end this drama.
Get Louise out of here. I said, slipping my glove back on and mounting the dazed Russian's chest. I grabbed his collar, pulled him to me, and smashed my now metal-clad fist into his face as hard as I could.
Somewhere in the middle of me beating Klaus to a pulp, Evonne carried Louise out of the room. On my seventh or eighth punch Klaus caught my glove in his, jerking me sideways and somehow slamming me on the side of my face on the floor, sticking me with the most painful of jabs in my side.
No fair, freak, I growled, swiveling one of my legs and wrapping it around Klaus' head, flipping him over and putting the squeeze on him.  
And FYI- the next time your trying to kill someone by choking them to death with your legs scissored around their neck- make sure that the man/woman silently trying to pry your legs away is NOT wearing a scandium gauntlet with razor sharp fingertips.
Just saying.
I gritted my teeth against the agony and possibly might have seen stars when Klaus turned all five fingers to my right leg, biting them deep into my thigh.
And, whoever-you-are, if any wild notion just came to your mind telling you that Klaus only used four fingers and the thumb isn't a finger because it only has two joints-
Shut up.
My vision blurred when Klaus squeezed the points deeper into my thigh and all I could see was my blood going everywhere. There comes a moment in every fight when one of the fighters passes the point of not caring and I have to say that when I turned my body hard just so that my gushing blood would pour all over Klaus' battered face, I was well past it.
Speaking of blood, I'd lost a lot of it judging by my starting to black out. Then my legs slammed together hard, causing blood to spatter. The last thing I remembered was rolling my wobbling head down to see Klaus' bloodied face vanish and Chloe busting through the door and screaming something I didn't understand.
Maybe it was something akin to, Oh my gosh, Jericho is lying in a pool of his own blood and Klaus just got away again!
At least that's what I was hoping she was exclaiming in tears as she knelt beside me, shaking me hard by the shoulder with her massive Dragonov hand.
Because that's what felt like just happened.
And maybe a herd of rhinos had trampled me, too, somewhere along the way...
Bleh. I just got sick all over again telling that to you. 
I hope you're satisfied, whoever-you-are.

Chapter 33



I awoke on a table. Not the best way to awaken, let me tell you. More so when you instantly try and sit up fast because you think you're still in mortal combat with a crazy Russian maniac in a college classroom.
"Easy, Jericho." Chloe said, placing her hands firmly on my bare chest to keep me from sitting up. "Be still, please. You're not ready to move yet."
The room we were in would've been pitch black if not for the only lamp across the room on the wall. I noticed that it flickered at times, as if the wiring wasn't the best or that it was old.
Then I noticed Chloe's hands still on my chest.
"Where are we?" I groaned, allowing her to push me back down on the table, that I realized was actually a hospital gurney. Chloe was sitting beside the uncomfortable bed and kind of close, really, but since I felt like Id almost died I let it slide.
"Flagstaff," she said, removing her cool hands from me and placing her arms on the side of the gurney, the black sleeves of her jumpsuit barely grazing my right arm.
"Okay, when are we?" I asked, closing my eyes because leaving them open was giving me a headache.
"2342," She said quietly.
I opened one eye, looking at her with it, "The year I die?"
"Jericho, this is where Klaus went. We had to follow him," Chloe said, standing so I could see her face better. "I don't know what's going to happen to us but I'm just glad that you're... you didn't..."
She was trying to look around the dimly lit room and not at me, which I was guessing was her way of not crying, a method that wasn't working at all because a tear escaped and landed on my shoulder.
"Cold hands and warm tears. Where do I sign up?"
Chloe glared at me, more tears streaming. "Will you please just try and be serious? I thought you were dead."
I sat up slowly, my face level with her glaring one due to the tall gurney of which I was residing.
Har har har. Like the way I just worded that?
"I don't know, Chloe. Since I might be dead some time soon I'd rather not be too serious. Might miss something," I said, trying to swing my legs off the gurney, except my right leg was strapped to the confounded thing.
"Say, Chloe?" I asked, frowning at... what the heck was that thing? "What's, uh, messing with my leg?"
It looked like a robot hand that was hooked to something that extended from the darkened ceiling. "It's fixing your leg. When it's done you'll be as good as new." Chloe said, glancing up at the arms base. "Except this is a rather old model and that's why it's taking twice as long. It's the only one the Rebels had."
"So we're Rebels, now? Sweet," I said, flopping back onto the ragid gurney. "How'd we end up here, anyway?"
Chloe sat back down and explained what had happened after I'd passed out in my classroom. Evonne had left for a hospital ASAP once he'd exited the room, loping down the hallway while carrying Louise.
"Was she alright?" I asked.
Chloe shrugged one shoulder slowly and shook her head. We didn't stay around long enough to follow up. The gunfire had attracted the authorities and all we could do was use the gauntlet and follow Klaus."
Piper.
"Where is Piper?" I asked, too fast, maybe.
Chloe's face was impossible to read as she said, "Sleeping." She went on to explain we'd landed in the heart of Flagstaff after the jump and Klaus was waiting with a few guns. "We ran for a while before going into an access tunnel to the underground. I ended up having to self-destruct the Dragonov and seal us in to get away from them."
"So when did we turn Rebel?"
"They found us after an hour of wandering the tunnels. Things have changed in the past two years, Jericho. The Rebels aren't just flies to the Bears anymore, they're actually in the war now." Chloe seemed bothered by this so I decided a change of subject was in order.
"I'm guessing you were the one carrying me the whole time the two of you were running for your lives," I said, taking her hand. "Listen, Chloe, I know our relationship hasn't been the best ride so far but for what its worth, I'm glad you didn't leave me to die in my own classroom."
Chloe looked incredulous. "How could I have left you?" She asked in a sort of quavering voice, placing a hand on the side of my face.
What was she doing?
"I don't know," I said, rolling my eyes around in animated thought. "I suppose if the sight of blood was your Achilles--"
Then she smothered my lips with hers.
In case you love every word that I say and would hate to miss out on hearing me say one-
I was about to say heel.
The kiss was, well, to put it way mildly, unexpected. I felt like an idiot because my eyes were open and I could see that hers weren't. The kiss wasn't exactly a fun one nor was it a spontaneous passionate one.
It was almost a harsh, hungry, needy type of kiss. Like, to the point of if she hadn't kissed me she might have died.
"I'm glad you're feeling better," A female voice said and the kiss ended abruptly and Chloe instantly stepped away from the gurney.
It was Piper, standing at the entry way to the medical room, which, now that I looked, didn't exactly have a door to it.
Geez. Why do these things happen to me?
Not only did I have to deal with the fact of my untimely death looming over my head and possibly around the next corner but I also had to deal with a love triangle.
"Why did you do that?" Piper asked Chloe, who couldn't face her for some reason.
Hm. Maybe since Piper knew that she had kissed me then it wasn't a triangle after all...
"Because I think I love him," Chloe said.
...Nope. Definitely a love triangle if I've ever saw one.
And you didn't think that this tale could get any worse, now did you, whoever-you-are?
Yeah. Me neither.
"Here's a great idea," I said, sitting back up with much effort, "Why don't we put this little awkward conversation on hold and resume it after we save the world?"
"You think?" Piper said, her arms crossed while she completely ignored my idea and me as well, actually.
Chloe turned then, facing Piper. "What do you want me to say?"
Piper shrugged. "I just thought that if you planned on taking him from me you should at least know for sure," she said, her voice low and almost menacing.
"I wasnt planning on taking him," Chloe said, crossing her arms. Pipers face was a tad vague when she studdied the Russian girl. I had a sudden vision of the two of them entangled in a ball of claws and hair on the floor and panicked.
Say, guys, I tried again, Cant we just talk about this?
Before anyone could say another word the machine above me beeped loud twice and the restraints on my leg unclasped, making a hissing sound. Its finished, Chloe said, Try and walk.
Swinging my legs off the gurney, I lowered my bare feet to the freezing stone floor. Wow, thats cold, I muttered before attempting my first steps on my patched up leg. Freakin amazing I said while I walked around the room, It isnt even sore, or anything. You guys dont happen to have a pill that can cure Alzheimers by any chance, would you?
So you wanted her to kiss you? Piper asked then, totally oblivious to the fact that I was a walking miracle.
Of course not, I said, all confident and stuff, too.
You werent exactly pulling away, Chloe threw in, leaning against the concrete wall of the small room.
Thats the most unfair statement ever, Chloe, and you know it, I said, glaring at her. And it was, like, literally two seconds long. A motherly peck, at best.
If you kissed your mother that way where I come from my people would have your tongue and entrails out and string them on a pole. Piper said.
Okay, I think were losing sight of the fact that Chloe initiated the whole kiss, here
And I think youre losing sight of the fact that you need to get your act together and just pick one of us, for Odins sake, if that's what it takes, said Piper, backing toward the exit. Im not angry at anyone. I just wish youd make a choice, Jericho. Then she was gone with Chloe right behind her.
What the helheim had just happened?
I could die today, I yelled after them while standing there like an idiot. Thanks for not freaking out about that and totally making me even more stressed about my untimely, imminent demise, people. I shouted.
They didnt answer. Which was completely fine because I wasnt sure that I wanted them to rush back in and be all like, Oh, Jericho, Im so sorry that I forgot today was your un-birthday.
Yeah, that wouldve been awkward and maybe even a tad horrifying, too, depending on if they both got on their knees and clasped their hands together like lost orphans.
And what was with Chloe just leaving? I mean, we'd kind of already been caught red lipped, as it were. Her staying and saying something like "Sorry for ruining your life again" wouldn't have been that big of a deal.
I stayed in the room as long as I could, pacing mostly and trying to get the Andy Griffith theme out of my head so it wouldnt be the last bit of music on my mind before I died. But since I didnt have any other reason to stay there, except, you know, to not die, I walked out the doorway.
My mind was reeling with thoughts of death while I walked down the dimly lit hallway and how I hoped it wasnt like the movie-that-Im-not-going-to-mention-the-name-of-because-copyrights-to-it-are-most-likely-very-expensive, because in that death-related film, teenagers escaped one death only to fall prey to another more gruesome fate.
I was glad the hallway wasnt too long because it was kind of creepy. Pushing through the only door at the end of the creepy hall, I was blinded.
Shielding my eyes, I waited until they adjusted to the brightness before removing my hands. Then my mouth dropped open.
It was the largest weapons mass production site Id ever seen. The brightness, however, came from enormous floodlights that bordered the operation. Dude I muttered, still blinking at the lights as I walked down the iron catwalk and took in the Rebels while they worked. I passed everything from rifle assembly lines to sites dedicated to the construction of gigantic mechs. Ahead I saw Chloe and Piper leaning on the railing and watching some sweaty workmen below attach a long barreled cannon of some kind to the back of a tall black suit as they chatted away with a few official looking guys standing next to them. Even feral Rebels had to have someone in charge, I guess, was what I was thinking when I approached them.
The miracle man lives, said one of the guys who looked a few years older than me. Thank whatever god you pray to that these ladies saved your life, friend. The other of the two chuckled.
Wow, I told them. Now I can finally tell the Black Eyed Peas just where the love has gone." I outstretched my arms to the closest of them, "I think a hug is in order because of this great find. Ferg will love me forever for this."
"Don't take it, Jax," Piper said without taking her eyes off the weapon construction. "He might decide to hug Kristoff after he has given you one."
I stared at the side of her head in disbelief before saying, and only because I couldn't think of anything else clever to say, "I went on a three week fishing trip with you, woman. You haven't deduced at all that I really like being around you?"
"Yes, it was the most wonderful three weeks of my life," she said, turning her head to glance at me. "Then I saw you kiss someone else and it kind of stole the thunder from our little outing."
"Whoa, whoa," I started, pointing at her for some reason, "First off, you totally got the thunder saying from me. And I--"
I was about to delve into a long (well, not that long considering Chloe had just put the moves on me a few minutes ago) story about how Chloe had just put the moves on me a few minutes ago...
Bah. Now I'm repeating myself. Stupid chicks.
Okay.
Breath in, breathe out.
Wow. That was really relaxing. Now, where was I, exactly?
Oh yeah, me trying to defend myself in the whole kissing thing.
"Jax, Kristoff," I said, nodding to each of them as I said their names. "I know we're all probably about to go somewhere unsafe and die for our country, or whatever, but could the two of you just, like, I don't know, go away for a few minutes, or something?"
They looked incredulous, behooved, put off and frankly not to happy with me right then and both looked to Chloe for- I'm not sure. Approval?
"Leave," Was all Chloe said and the two lapdogs left without another word.
I frowned after them. "And you're calling the shots why?" I asked Chloe.
"I'm not really sure. I guess because I'm helping them break into Klaus's facility tonight," she said, turning her back to the weapons and workers, leaning her elbows against the catwalk rail. "So what's up?"
"You're a thorn in the side of the romance Piper and I share and I wish you wouldn't have kissed me, replacing said thorn with a molten katana filled with the souls of Romeo, Juliet and the Baudelaire children." Is what I should've said. But, being the charmer that I am, I, respectfully, or course, worded that bomb of truth a completely different way, as to soften the blow of me not being hers, if you will. I didn't get all romantic of stupid, or anything. I actually just ended up throwing the honest-to-God truth out there to see what would happen.
"Do either of you know just how crazy this whole thing is?" I started, looking at them. "We're all from different times and by everything remotely natural we shouldn't even know each other- much less have to fight over each other."
"I'm not fighting over anyone," Chloe said confidently.
Scoffing quietly, Piper glanced down the catwalk. "Could've fooled me."
Chloe faced her and glared but didn't say anything. There really wasn't much to say.
Can you feel the awkwardness just by my retelling of this part? Because my hands are sweating again on my end. Awkward doesn't even begin to describe it, actually.
"Seriously, guys," I began again. "The end is extremely freakin' nigh and we're acting like eigth-graders."
I didn't feel the need to tell them I was eight when I was in the eighth grade but I can assure you that, although all thoughts of women weren't exactly there then, I did mentally document all of my fellow classmates acting like idiots about things that could've waited till at least summer.
"My heart has been yours since the first day you came to our village," Piper said suddenly, throwing me, and Chloe too, I could tell, for a loop. "I don't have to defend myself or make excuses, Jericho. I know who I am and what I want. And I want you."
Countless years of cinema will ruin a guy with romance, let me tell you. I mean, generally love isn't laid out so simply in films and books and after that day I could see why. Once you take away all the bells and whistles it wasn't that complicated.
To Piper, anyway. "You two should talk. Come find me when you're ready to go save the world," Piper said, walking down the catwalk.
"Piper-" I tried to say but she just held up a hand and kept walking.
I thought it'd be a little less awkward for Piper to be gone but she wasn't forty feet away before I could tell that it was going to be just as uncomfortable a talk as ever.
"I didn't love you the first time I met you," Chloe kind of blurted, like the words had been dying to get out.
"Well, you were trying to kill me then," I decided to remind her. "So we're one Piper, zero Chloe now."
"You didn't give me many reasons to even like you then." She said, turning back to the workers below us.
"And I've given you so many since?" My mind was reeling and I just wanted to go back to bed.
Look, whoever-you-are, you wanted to hear this whole story so you better just take the funny awesome action with the horrible awkwardness, capisce? I wasn't having the best time myself, in case you were wondering.
"You have," she said, keeping her eyes on the construction below us. "Somehow I feel that the glove was always meant for you, Jericho. I keep wanting to think that you're helping me save my father and the world. But the closer we get to our goal I keep realizing that I'm the one helping you." Turning to me she stepped close, touching my arm. Geez, but she was touchy feely today. "You've already saved me countless times--"
"You've saved me plenty of times. And one of mine doesn't count because technically Piper saved you on Svalbard," I countered, trying not to step away from her as she advanced again.
"I don't want to spend another day without you, Jericho."
Wait.
What?
"I'm not sure I'm following you," I said as she planted a peck on my jawline, which made my mind freeze, but not in the whole googly-eyed lovey-dovey freezing way you're thinking.
Something wasn't right.
Placing my hands firmly on her shoulders, I softly pushed her away and looked deep into those beautiful eyes of hers. The ones I'd caught myself staring at for the past week that felt like an eternity. The very eyes that made me melt at the times when they weren't glaring.
Except this time, after I stared at her in silence for close to twenty seconds, they looked different when the girl smiled at me.
"Who are you and what have you done with Chloe?" I said quietly, absentmindedly releasing her and slowly lowering my arms.
I couldn't believe what I was seeing.
"You're not as dumb as I first thought although it did take you longer than I would've thought someone who knew my sister well enough should have," she said, stepping close to me again and bringing her lips close to my ear.
Then she said, "It's a pleasure to meet you, cutie. My name is Beck."

Chapter 34



Enter the Robocop/Skynet/Blade Runner rip-off chic known as Chloes twin sister, Beck.
Imposter! I wanted to shout. Fiend! I wanted to scream. But instead the only words I found myself saying were, Youre a lousy kisser.
Wow. You really singed my hair with that one, Beck said with exaggeration.
Did Piper know that you were a fraud? I asked, crossing my arms and looking the almost completely synthetic being up and down.
Who? She asked, looking puzzled before saying, Oh, the blonde girl? No, she didnt know a thing. Shes even more clueless than you are. Then she saw me examining her.
Smiling, she said, Chloe tell you about me?
Enough, I answered, walking around her and looking her up and down like a farmer inspecting a tractor. Tell me, dear, are they mass producing you yet? If so Ill take four.
This was meant to be an almost racial jab, really. I mean, I wasnt sure how comfortable she was with being, you know, a robot with a human brain and spinal column and I wasnt exactly fond of Beck right off the bat, let me tell you.
Not yet, she said nonchalantly with a shrug. If so wed have already won this war. But were taking donations, Mr. Money Bags.
Okay. This chic wasnt backing down. I tried to let her off easy but she wouldnt take it. 
The gloves were off.
If Im going to make a contribution can I please make a request for a newer model that doesnt have a mouth? That would take care of your atrocious kissing and your annoying voice in one shot.
Letting air hiss through her teeth, Beck grimaced at me like Id just asked for a soda that she was out of. Ooh, that might be hard to get past the board, sweetie. Mostly because theyve discovered, through loads of tests, that only imbeciles are annoyed by my voice. Sorry.
Too bad, I countered with a sigh. I really couldve used a few mute, mindless robots around the house.
You might try your friend Piper. I bet we could make a few more of her, if you want.
Whoa, whoa. Way across the line.
Nah, she wouldnt work. Shes too good of a kisser, I said, looking perplexed as I put my hands on my hips. The problem I was having was she looked just like her freakin sister so I couldnt insult her looks. Stupid twin.
If youre wanting bad kissing and mindless we could always try and make a few more of you--except surely God wouldnt allow more than one of your species to run about unchained on the planet.
I was losing. I knew it. But then I thought of something. Something Chloe has jumped down my throat about an eternity ago
If youre referring to Americans, then Im guilty as charged, I said, holding my hands up. This one time we had a leader that was such an idiot that he got drunk, fired off a nuke and totally screwed up the world Then I feigned surprise and said, Oh wait. That was one of your leaders, wasnt it? Look at me getting my history all jumbled up. Forgive me, Beck. 
Becks smirk almost, almost faltered and her left eye faintly twitched.
Bingo.
Unfortunate, Beck said calmly. If that hadnt happened then you wouldnt be losing a battle of wits right now.
And you might still be a human being. I said, matching her same tone. I guess since you arent its unfair of me to call you a bad kisser.
Thats fine, Jericho, Beck said in a friendly, forgiving way. Then she lowered her voice to a sort of loud whisper and said, with a hand close to her mouth to feign a clandestine exchange, I know if I was about to die Id be a tad cranky, too, she said, wincing at me.
And thats when I lost the bout with Beck.
It just occurred to me that since Im telling this to you I couldve left this little conversation out of the tale as it doesnt, uh, you know, progress any of the story 
Curses.
When I didnt respond fast enough Beck winked at me and patted my shoulder, Its ok, Money Bags. Ill make sure they make whats left of you into a mindless robot like me, she said, walking past me, Maybe even one without a mouth.
I turned to watch her walk away and saw Chloe standing not twelve feet away. Youre awake, She said.
I think he may have suffered a brain injury, sis. He seems to think hes a good kisser, Beck said, passing her sister without any further explanation. I also noticed that Chloe wasnt exactly exchanging fist bumps so I was thinking that she and Beck werent being very sisterly since their reunion. It was also crazy to see them next to each other since they were both wearing the same black jumpsuit. Once she was well away from us Chloe approached me.
Are you hurting anywhere? she asked.
Just my pride, I muttered, leaning my elbows on the railing. Your sister is a real charmer. What was she like as a child?
Shorter, Chloe confirmed, leaning her back against the railing beside me and looking freakishly like her sister when she did so. Not as bitter, though.
Getting blown to smithereens will do that to a chic, they tell me, I said. She pretended to be you when I woke up. Why was she even there to begin with?
Chloe shrugged, Piper and I were beat, Jericho. She mustve wanted to take a look at you while we were asleep.
She kissed me, I said, not really wanting to accept Chloes shrug for some reason. And rubbed all over my bare chest, confessed her undying love for me and freakin licked my chin while pretending to be you and youre not even the least bit upset about it? I couldnt help it. I was a tad upset, what can I say.
Again, Chloe shrugged, Shes been being me for years, Jericho. I cant tell her who she can or cant kiss. Then she glanced sideways at me. Although I have to say that Im a tad jealous she beat me to it, she said, elbowing my shoulder softly.
Dont worry, Chloe, I told her. Apparently Im a bad kisser, anyway, so you arent missing anything, it seems.
It did kind of stink, really, if you think about it. Here I am torn between two awesome girls and the first kiss of the story goes to the evil robo-chic.
Chloes smile faltered and she suddenly touched my arm, turning around and leaning on the railing beside me. Jericho, I know youve got too much on your agenda at the moment but you should know that Beck isnt the way she used to be in more ways than her body. Shes the leader of the Rebels now and shes also too dangerous.
I frowned. How dangerous?
Very, Chloe said. I hadnt seen her this shook up since she explained to me about her fathers safety ages ago, Theyve had clinical tests on subjects to try and make something like Beck for a-hundred years or more. The reason it was deemed illegal over twenty years ago was because the subjects all ended up with the same results or side-effects.
Like being extremely obnoxious? I asked.
Try the human brain completely rejecting the process of robotics being grafted to the spine, she said. Once that was discovered scientists found out that by simply isolating and removing a single brain cell in the left frontal lobe, a secure binding could be achieved.
Let me guess--that was the brain cell that made people not be obnoxious.
Shrugging, Chloe said, I suppose you could look at it that way. Side-effects arent visible right away but over time the cell will try and grow back and sometime during that process the subjects became removed from themselves as well as others around them.
So they, like, start feeling crazy?
They start feeling human again and that causes the conflict. Regardless of how many times the greatest minds of our generation have tried and retried, the end result was always a reclusive, sometimes violent person with a lot of expensive hardware inside of them that ended up being disposed of.
I looked at her. Disposed of? Like, killed?
Nodding, she said, Thats when they outlawed it.
So your sisters problem is?
Shes still alive, Chloe said quietly. Beck is my sister, Jericho. But that doesnt change the fact that she wasnt supposed to be like this. No one is. Thats the reason the cell grows back in the first place. The brain knows that the spine is being violated and it tries to purge it.
This was a lot to take in. So Beck could snap at any time and start, like, killing people?
The cell normally grows back in a few months so shes already snapped. That and her memory returning were most likely the reasons she ran away again, Chloe said.
But Beck is anything but reclusive, I told her. If anything shes the exact opposite. And I can vouch for her knowledge of the English witticism dictionary personally.
Thats where I draw a blank, Chloe said, shaking her head slightly. All previous tests were done in a controlled lab with simulated scenarios at best so there isnt any data on how people like Beck would react to the real world.
Well, she runs things around here so I guess shes reacting pretty well. I stood up straight and stretched. A group of rebels screaming, shouting and fighting for equality in the world might be just the thing a person who feels non human might need.
Maybe. Chloe said and then we were silent for what seemed like a long time watching the weapon construction below us. Then she asked, Does Piper think that I kissed you?
I nodded. Yeah.
You dont have to worry about me getting in your way, Jericho. Ive seen the way you look at her.
Appreciate it, I muttered. Now if we could only get the D batteries out of your sisters back Id be at the top again.
Chloe laughed at that before getting serious again and saying, Please dont say anything like that to Beck. Im not sure how stable she is so you might want to lay off the synthetic jokes and comments.
Uh oh.
So, whatd the two of you talk about? Chloe asked.
Shrugging, I began walking the direction Piper had gone and she fell in step behind me. 
Nothing.

Chapter 35



So you didnt kiss Jericho? Piper asked Chloe after the two of us had found her in the dingy, hard room that the Rebels had given to her and Chloe and explained what had happened.
No, Chloe confirmed. Although the thought has crossed my mind. she added with a smile. Only he doesnt look like hed be the best kisser, if I had to assume.
It took Piper about three full seconds for the story to sink in, her to be cool with it, then for her to realize that Beck had mega played her and then she was mad. Who does she think she is? Piper asked, looking ever the dangerous warrior chic.
And also kind of hot. Just saying. It was still crazy that she was wearing 2012 clothes to me. Cool, yet crazy at the same time.
Crazy hot. Okay, okay Ill stop.
I listened again to Becks not-so-easy-on-the-ears back story as Chloe once again related the tale to Piper. Not sure why she felt the need to explain things to the Viking girl considering Piper had long since given up trying to understand the future. 
When Chloe had finished, Piper said, A renowned man in our village once killed a mother bear in a cave but kept her cub alive and brought it home. It was fun and cute when it was small and on a rope but as it grew it became dangerous and bloodthirsty as a bear should be. Then it had to be killed.
This wasnt what Chloe wanted to hear but it also wasnt anything she hadnt already thought of, I could tell. Shes like this because her team came up against mine in a firefight and mine won. Ive already killed her once and Im not exactly standing in line to do it again, if I can help it.
Well, Im glad you got that off your chest. Beck said.
What the heck? Whered she come from? Whirling around like fifth graders caught with cigarettes, we all looked at her leaning against the doorframe with her arms crossed.
Dont worry, sister. Words cant explain how little I fear you so Im not worried about whether or not you intend to put down your bear-like sibling. Then she entered the room and nodded at Piper. Good metaphor, by the way. Think that up all by yourself?
Before Beck could say anything else hurtful to anyone, I said, You run the show, Beck. So when are we going for Klaus?
Look at you all eager to die, Beck said, flopping onto the ragged couch in the room. Leaning back into the almost nonexistent cushion on the sofas back, she crossed her legs and extended a hand to me. Sit with me, Jericho.
Id rather stand, if its all the same to you.
It is all the same to me and Id prefer you sit.
Go to helheim. Piper said, taking a step in Becks direction.
Beck laughed at that. It was a goodhearted chuckle really, the way someone might chuckle when playing a laid back fun game of foosball with a few friends.
Not the way someone normal chuckles at a hardened Viking girl with more than a few kills under her belt.
You three are a tiresome lot, Beck said and almost yawned, Just sit, Jericho. I really dont bite no matter how bearish you might think I am.
Since I wasnt exactly ready for another round of wit warfare, I sat beside her. See? She asked, smiling and linking her arm through mine. How hard was that?
Just tell me your plan, I said, shifting uncomfortably beside her.
Shrugging, Beck said, There really isnt much to it, really. I couldve killed Klaus long ago but never had a reason to.
How about saving the world? 
No sooner had the words left my mouth than Becks very inhuman eyes flicked to mine and all traces of jokes and laughter vanished. 
I know this sounds crazy but my heart also skipped a beat when the thing beside me locked her gaze on me. 
And not in a good way.
Leaning toward me slightly, Becks eyes never left mine while her arm tightened around mine and she said, Do you really think that I care what happens to this world?
Not wanting her to realize I was actually almost crazy scared, I said, Im going to go with no but, if thats so, why help us?
Beck leaned back again. She didnt look positively demonic like she had just looked, but she wasnt playing around anymore for some reason. I know this is a tad unimportant now but I really didnt understand why, after all the trash talk she and I exchanged, did she decide to go all crazy on me when I asked her about saving the world?
I mean, not to put too much of a point on it but, hey, its only saving the world, after all, right?
Although youre all tiresome I cant help but be intrigued by your little suicide mission. Pulling me backward, she clasped my hand between hers and said, in a manner that an older sister would explain something to a younger one, You see, Jericho, although Klaus has never given me a reason to kill him I must confess that his knowledge of me is most unsettling.
I frowned. What would that matter?
Klaus was the head of the research teams twenty years ago, Chloe told me. Hed love to get his hands on Beck.
Now you dont have to feel bad for wanting me, sugar. Beck said, smiling Im in high demand, you see.
It was hard not to say something along the lines of, Oh yeah? Are the newer models going to be bug free and not have as many mental issues?
It was so hard to not say, in fact, that I, uh, might have actually said it. Just kind of slipped out.
Becks smile broadened. Hes so cute. Ill take four. Then she sighed and stood. On a serious note, Klaus just wants me so he can dissect me and find out what makes me tick.
She glanced at me after a few seconds of silence and said, What? No snappy comeback? There might be hope for you yet.
Not being able to help myself yet again, I asked, Didnt you leave the first time for some Rebel Romeo dude? Id love to meet this guy because obviously his brain would be a great contribution to science in their studies of complete idiots.
Jericho- Chloe began but Beck held up a hand, cutting her off.
His name was Devlin, She said. And youre a few years late for a meeting, Im afraid. I killed him a long time ago. If you find his body, though, let me know. He had wicked boots when I broke his neck and tossed him off a bridge.
I guess I mustve been the only person in the room with shock on my face because Beck lold big time when she saw my expression. I took his spot as the leader and he must not have liked that because I found out he was selling information to the Bears. Shrugging, she added, Plus he was a terrible kisser.
Sorry I asked, I muttered. Youre tough, scary and a little on the crazy side of things. I think weve all established that. Now can we please get back to Klaus?
His makeshift presidium is actually only fifty stories above us, Beck said simply and all four of us glanced at the ceiling for some reason. Weve found the entrance to the lower levels of his building but never went into it because, like I said, we never had a reason to.
So we wont know whats on the other side, Piper said.
Oh, I could think of a few things that would probably be there to greet us and none of them are good, honey, Beck told her while sitting on the arm of the mutilated couch. And the firepower wed need to fight back with wont fit through the backdoor, so to speak.
We were all silent while we hashed out different plans in our heads. I mean, I know thats what I was doing, anyway. Not exactly about getting into Klaus facility, but more so what the helheim we were going to do when we actually found him.
Klaus was no doubt getting ready with his plan but I kept reminding myself that we had the final piece of his evil puzzle with us. He couldnt finish his scheme without the original gauntlet. As if she were reading my mind, Beck said, I would advise leaving the glove here, Jericho.
I was a little disconcerted at the mentioning of what I was thinking and glanced at her. She was watching me closely. Wait. She wasnt really reading my mind, was she?
Not a freakin chance in helheim. I thought, to see if she was really in my head.
Smiling, she said, You know its not a good idea to have it with you when confronting Klaus.
I also know that its not a good idea to leave it in the hands of you and your pals. Sorry, but I can only handle one psycho time-traveling overlord at a time, thank you. I know Chloe had warned me to lay off but Beck wasnt exactly giving me the best material to work with on being polite.
Beck shrugged. Have it your way. I hope Im close by to tell you I told you so. Then she addressed Chloe, When do you guys want to do this suicide mission?
Suicide. The word was meant to apply to everyone going on the said mission except everyone going all knew that the only suicide certain was mine.
Then I saw that they were all looking at me for a decision. Whats the rush? I wanted to say, We got his port key so why hurry off to my death?
Except I didnt say that.
I simply said a sophisticated version of it.
Im not ready to die yet, guys, I told them all. I think Im going to take a day to, like, think about a few things first.
Incidentally thats when I decided to verbally record what youre hearing right now on the gauntlet. Im not sure what good itll be but I just had to tell someone. So thanks for listening, whoever-you-are.
Craven, Beck said, crossing her arms. Death isnt so bad the first time around so long as your dear sister uses incinerary rounds causing instant third degree burns. Then you wont feel a thing while you die. Then she smiled at Chloe, Thanks for that, by the way.
Youre welcome, Chloe snapped. I guess even she had had enough of Becks mouth. What makes you think I wanted to kill you?
Oh, no doubt you were just following the rules like the good little soldier you always were.
And you were breaking them like the good little rebel you always were and you paid dearly for it, Chloe said, her voice rising.
Did I? Beck asked her menacingly and then they were in each others faces.
Thats when I left. I didnt know where I was going or why but I just couldnt hear squabbling sisters right then. The underground went on forever, it felt like, as I trudged along, passing lots of people with smudges of grease on their faces and guns in their hands.
Eventually I must've went in a circle, or something, because I ended up close to the room I'd woke up in. Hours had passed by already during my walk around the Rebel base and since I figured I didn't have anything better to do I entered the medical room with the notion of lying my soon-to-be deceased body on the rather uncomfortable gurney and at least get a good night's sleep before I died the next day.
Except when I laid down I couldn't sleep. Like, at all. After tossing and turning on the ragged gurney for about ten minutes I sat up. 
And that's when I decided to record my story.
I stood and crossed the room the the nightstand, the only other piece of furniture in the room besides the one chair beside the gurney, and I picked up the gauntlet of time. Sitting in the chair I put the glove on, flipped through the touchscreen and found the recording section.
I guess this was originally added to the glove for a no doubt intrepid explorer to verbally record their many journeys through time. 
I might be dead in a few hours, I started off. Please, I don't need your pity, sympathy or any other means of... I talked for a good two minutes or so and stopped right before I started talking about the Vikings because my thoughts turned to Piper.
I stopped the recording and stood up suddenly. 
I had a few things left to do before I delved into my tale.

Chapter 36



It didn't take me long to find Piper. She ended up being in the same room I'd left her in only Beck and Chloe were nowhere to be seen. Which was great, let me tell you.
"Jericho," she said, smiling warmly at me when I entered the dim room, "Are you well?"
I'd tried to work up a good way to put the thoughts in my head. Here, check out what it sounded like in my mind.
"Piper, I just want you to know that I'm scared. I've tried to be tough this whole time but now that I'm staring death in the face I must confess I'm hesitent. The world as we know it depends on me facing Klaus and maybe dying in the process. I don't want you to go with me because I'm afraid you'll die, too. I love you, Piper, I do. I want you to make it back to your village and live the rest of your life not having to worry about things that don't even apply to you or your time.
Yeah, that's what it sounded like in my mind.
What I ended up saying was, "So you really like me, huh?"
She nodded.
Crossing over to her, I pulled her up to me and brushed a strand of her blonde hair out of her face, "This is for just in case I die tomorrow," I said, holding the back of her head and planting a one-of-a-kind, bodacious, classic Jericho Johnson kiss on her lips.
Not to brag but seriously, it was a great kiss that lasted around twenty seconds or more.
After it was over she pulled back with her eyes still closed in- I'm not sure, actually, but it probably had something to do with the residual awesomeness I'd just showered her lips with. "And this," she opened her eyes, "Is for if you don't die."
Then she kissed me.
I'm not sure how long that one lasted because, frankly, I didn't have a stopwatch on hand and also don't really feel the need to explain the length of kissing to you anymore.
After another hour with the warrior woman of my dreams, which had more kissing, talking, laughing, kissing, joking, kissing, more laughing, more talking and yes, more kissing in it, I stood.
"I'm going back to the medbay, dearest," I told her, "There's something I have to finish up."
Piper pulled her adorable mouth into a pout. "Are you sure you have to go?" She asked.
Smiling, I brushed my knuckles across her cheek. "Yeah. This is kind of important. But I'll see you tomorrow and if I don't die the day after tomorrow, too."
If you haven't already deduced that I left the hottie Viking chic of my dreams to come sit in a dusty, dark room and record this story for you, then I'll go ahead and say it for you:
I left a hottie Viking chic of my dreams to come sit in a dusty, dark room alone to record this story for you, whoever-you-are.
So if we ever meet up one day, you owe me a coffee, dude.
On my way back to my uncomfortable gurney I ran into Beck on the catwalk. Well, I actually didn't run into her. She was standing in my way with her arms folded so I had to stop when I reached her.
"Evening," I said to her. "Beautiful night, isn't it?"
"It's 10:00 am in the morning." She told me, rolling her eyes.
"Oh, well, I mean, we're underground. Forgive me for not keeping my sundial on hand."
I tried to step past her but she put a hand firmly on my chest. "Look, I know you don't want to die, and all, but the best time to crash Klaus' party is in about nine hours from now. He only comes to his facility twice a week and if we don't act now you'll have to wait till after the weekend and I don't think I can stand to look at your depressed face that long."
"Noted," I said, stepping back and folding my own arms, "So what, we just kick down the back door and start shooting folks?"
"Infiltrating has it's pros and cons. The cons outweigh the pros by a long shot so I think I got a better idea," she said, turning. "Walk with me."
"Geez, but you sure do love telling people what to do," I said, falling in step behind her. The production lines had ceased working below us so the only noise really was the sound of our resounding footsteps on the catwalk. I noticed that my Chucks didn't look near as intimidating as Beck's heeled leather boots, also.
"Where's Chloe, by the way?" I asked.
"I'm not sure. She left after our discussion and I haven't seen her since." We walked the rest of the way to the medbay in silence. Once I was seated in the only chair Beck explained her new plan.
"I can arrange a diversion topside in front of his building when he's on his way out. He won't notice anyone important after having to deal with hundreds of rioters," she said.
Riot.
"Would a passing scientist maybe mistake your riot for a revolt?" I asked.
Beck frowned. "I suppose he might due to what's been going on lately up there."
"And is Klaus' building located in the southern precinct?"
Beck narrowed her eyes at me and answered, "Yes. Why?"
"Just curious," I told her as Atrium Sparks' recollection of my demise rang throughtout my brain.
"Sounds good. I'll kill Klaus while you guys distract his guards and we'll be good to go." Standing, I held out a hand to her. "I appreciate all you're doing. Even if you're only doing it so you won't have to look at my depressing face for a whole weekend."
Beck accepted my hand before pulling me toward her suddenly hard and covering my lips with hers roughly. 
Before you start thinking of how I was a backstabbing heart-breaker, let me stop you right there and say that I wasn't expecting crazy girl to kiss me again while holding the front of my shirt like a bully might a kid he was about to cream. It wasn't a long kiss thank God and after she released me she took a step back and put one hand on her hip and looked at me.
"What the heck was that?" I asked in agitaion, touching my lip and seeing a little blood on my fingers. 
"Just checking if I still thought you were a bad kisser."
"And?" I replied curtly, spitting blood on the concrete floor.
"Nope," said Beck as she turned to the doorway. "You're still horrible at it."
"So just bite my freakin' bottom lip off, then," I said loudly as she exited the room, "That'll sure help, genius."
So after yet another fun encounter with Beck, I laid down on the gurney and picked my story up where I left off.
So now you're pretty much up to speed, whoever-you-are. Now you know everything I know. 
I keep wanting to have this, like, amazing conclusion to all of this and actually wanted to wait until after I'd saved the world to do record it but didn't want to risk, you know, dying and no one getting to hear any of it.
I figure ninety-eight percent of a story is better than none at all when time-travel is involved.
So tomorrow I'm going to face Klaus in the freezing streets of Flagstaff so I guess I'll see what happens in about nine hours.
I'm going to sleep now before I hyperventilate, I guess.
With any luck, I might even get to talk to you after my dance with death.
Peace out, whoever-you-are, and don't forget that, even if I die in a few hours, I'm still awesome. 

Epilogue



Dr. Cross was leaning back in his desk chair with his fingers laced behind his head when the recording ended. He sat like that for a while afterward lost in thought.
Klaus had indeed been killed not six hours ago by the very explosion that almost killed Jericho Johnson. Standing, the doctor crossed to thick window and once again peered out over Flagstaff.
Klaus wasn't the only collateral damage from the bombing. Chloe Sparks had also been killed. Beck and the Viking girl hadn't been accounted for yet but it wouldn't surprise him if reports came soon of their bodies being found in the rubble of what was left of the southern precinct.
"Ritu, report," He said suddenly and the nurse's face materialized on the window.
"He's dying." Was all she said.
"How long left?" Dr. Cross asked, walking quickly to his door and exiting. The image of Ritu followed him down the hallway on the plexiglass walls as he jogged to the elevator. "Minutes, sir. We've tried everything but his body is still rejecting all of our medications."
"He can't die," he told her, pushing a button as the elevator descended at an alarming rate to the bottom level of his building. "He mustn't."
When the doors opened he stepped out and jogged to the end of the hallway, entering the door on his right. Ritu was standing beside the bed with a few other white-coated men and they instantly moved out of Cross's way. 
Dr. Cross peered down at the man he now knew so much about. 
Or what was left of him.
His right arm was gone from the elbow down, most of his hair had been burned off and he was missing an eye. Not to mention that every inch of him was covered in horribly grotesque burn. The only things keeping him alive were the needles riddled over his mutilated body pumping medications (that weren't working) inside of him and an oxygen tube that normally would've went down a patient's throat but was running through a gaping hole in the chest to his lungs.
Then the corpse in front of him screamed and tried to sit up.
"Hold him," Cross shouted, putting his hands on the shaking man's shoulders and feeling the heat from the burns instantly. One eye locked on Cross as the other two men helped him shoved the thrashing man down. "Sedation," Dr. Cross shouted again. "Now!"
Ritu hit a few keys on the holodesk beside the bed and in seconds the screams turned to moans then his only eye closed.
Cross cursed when the heart-rate monitor flatlined. Running to one side of the lab he tore into a cabinet and in seconds found what he needed. Rushing back to the now dead man, he stabbed the adrenal shot hard through his burned chest and into his heart. 
The next scream to escape the parched throat was positively primeval and ear-splitting. The screams only lasted a minute after that before he lost consciousness. His heart-rate wasn't the best Cross had seen on a holograph but at least it wasn't plained out.
"Dr. Cross," Ritu said from behind him. "I've never questioned your reasons behind anything but this man is suffering the worst of pain. I don't know who he is but--"
"His name is Jericho Johnson." Cross said while washing the charred flesh from his hands and forearms at a sink in the room, "His body, although a little worse for wear at the moment, is perfect host for Z-90."
"Sir, Z-90 is impossi-"
 "Enough," He said, watching the brown water swirl down the drain before turning back to her. "And I'll say it again--he can't die."
"Why?" Ritu asked, perplexed.
Dr. Cross glanced back over Jericho's completely burned body.
A left index finger moved slightly.
"Because he's not done yet."
Thanks for reading Jericho Johnson: The Gauntlet of Time.
Please check out the sneak peek of the next book of the series, Jericho Johnson: Fixed & Ticked, available on Amazon and soon to be on Smashwords!
Chapter 1



Okay, number one, it was severely bright when I tried to open my aching eyes. Number two, I smelled hospital, and number three, I remembered what I was doing before everything went black and figured that I was more than likely in a morgue instead of a hospital. I was on some sort of hospital bed type thing, though, unless future morgues put bodies on mattresses.
I mean, I thought I was still in the future.
Why is it so freakin bright? I tried to say but my throat somehow wouldnt work.
Odd.
I tried to say the same thing for about a minute of two and, after a lot of effort on my part, was finally able to get out a sort of gurgling sound.
It took me a little while longer and I was able to say two words consecutively.
Sushi tacos
Hes awake, I heard a female voice say from somewhere behind my head and I tried to turn and get a look at the owner but realized, in horror, might I add, that my head seemed to be held in place by a vice.
Panicking, I tried to grab at the restraint and realizedyes, with more horrorthat my wrists were bound as well.
Have I ever mentioned that waking up strapped to a table/bed is not the greatest feeling in the world? Not sure if youve ever had the pleasure of the experience but let me tell you that if you havent, youre not missing much.
Let me go I managed, instantly out of breath from the sheer struggle of just three words and I silently swore that if I got out of this alive, I would definitely go to the gym.
Then the owner of the voice appeared at my bedside.
Or tableside, maybe.
She was maybe close to thirty, I was guessing and had jetblack hair and was a tad different looking. Not hot, not hideous but somewhere in between.
Name? I got out, trying to narrow my eyes at her.
Rest, Mr. Johnson, she said, typing at something in her hands and in a few seconds my eyes closed and I was out.
This happened more frequently over what I could only discern as weeks upon weeks. Me strapped to the bed, (yes, Id finally decided that it wasnt a table after a few days), the nonamed, plain woman appearing after Id talked to myself (which was really me trying to get anyone to talk to me) for a while and sedating me, and on and on.
It was pretty much the worst month of my freakin life. At least, I hoped it was only a month. It really could have been longer, I guess, because there wasnt exactly a clock on the wall.
Then, the day of reckoning finally, finally arrived.
I said a complete sentence. 
Nay, so strong were my newly trained vocal cords that I shouted a sentence.
What the helheim, people? Why am I here and what are you planning to do with me?
Yeah, I was pretty proud of that one. Not that it did much good to get anyones attention but a guy had to keep trying.
After that day I was able to talk, shout, scream or even, on one occasion, do a little rap number Id been working on in my time of solitary confinement.
About two weeks post sentence I was taken aback when the lights shut off in the room.
Finally, I said. I was wondering how long you idiots would make me sleep through miniature suns.
I wasnt worried about ticking anybody off, if you hadnt already deduced that on your own. I mean, sure, I was, in fact, strapped to a table and at their (whoever they were) complete mercy. But I figured that they wouldnt have been going through all the trouble of keeping me there hooked up to a lot of machines with a nurse checking in on me every day just to get annoyed at my wit and slit my throat, or something.
Then one lone light appeared above me and I closed my eyes. And its back. Thanks for the tease, guys.
How are you feeling, Mr. Johnson? said the only other person Id seen in months as she materialized beside my bed, her face shrouded due to the bright light above her head.
Am I really wearing nothing but a cloth around my nether regions like it feels like I am? I asked her.
Since it seemed a harmless question, she answered, Yes.
Then, please, call me Jericho, I said sarcastically. As much of a player as I might look like, doll, most of the time I do know a girls name before she gets this far. Just FYI.
FYI? she asked, and I could feel her frown of confusion.
It means for your information, I explained, not knowing exactly why. Maybe because I felt like she should have known that one.
Oh, she said quickly, referring back to the hologramclipboard thingy in her hands.
I felt like I was trying to sneak up on a deer and that the least little bit of commotion would scare away my mystery nurses seemingly talkative mood. Since I might only be allowed one more sentence, I decided to make it a good one that wouldnt frighten her.
So, are you, like, a mad scientist, or something?
See? Im a genius.
No, she replied. I work for a scientist.
Is he the mad one?
No.
You sure? Cause the last time I checked I was strapped to a bed.
It is merely for your own protection, Mr. Johnson, as your new bio-muscles are not fully compatible with your new synthetic ones.
What. The. Helheim?
Back up, darling, I said, rolling my eyes around, mainly because that was the only thing I could actually move. I could have sworn that you said I had synthetic muscles inside of me.
You do. Only about 45% of your muscles were salvageable after the explosion- and even those werent the easiest to save.
Who was this lady? She was talking about salvaging my body like she was discussing what to make for dinner with her husband, for Gods sake.
So you and, uh, whoever the mad scientist you work for, like, pulled me out of rubble, or something?
Exactly, yes, she said, still looking at the device in her hand.
Sighing, I told her, Look, I dated a chic that was always on her smartphone and I got to say, its kind of annoying.
She flicked her eyes to me to see if I was serious. When she saw that I was, she hit a button somewhere on the clipboard-sized green tablet and it vanished.
Howd you? I started but stopped myself. Im pretty sure Id seen too much of the future to get all geeked out on the hologram tablet thingy. I mean, uh, why did you and whoever save me?
I dont have clearance to tell you anything, Mr. Johnson, said the silhouette.
Then why talk to me now? Ive been here for two months, maybe.
She was silent.
Hello, strange-mad-scientist-lackey chic, why talk now? I growled.
Youve been here longer than two months, Mr. Johnson, she said quietly.
Ok, two months was undershooting it a little
Youve been here almost three years, she cut in, and then gasped softly as if she wasnt supposed to tell me that.
My breathing became rapid.
My vision blurred.
What? I asked as calmly as I could, my voice quivering.
Its December of 2344. Youve been here since February of 2342. Weve been
I didnt hear the rest because by then I was screaming. 
Sedate him, I heard a male voice crackle over a speaker in the room. Now!
I felt severely hot and began thrashing. I cant explain what was happening to me right then. Suffice it to say that it wasnt pretty. The bulbs in the bright lights above me suddenly shattered, dropping pieces of glass and phosphorous all over my almost naked body.
Thats when I felt it the first time.
The small tingling in my palms.
Then everything went black again.
