






Song of the Ancestors
Book I
Web of the Spider Queen



By John Grover 
Combining elements of horror and sword and sorcery, John Grover weaves an epic fantasy tale full of action, mystery and suspense. 
A long vanquished evil has returned to the beautiful and peaceful realm of Orum. An evil that will stop at nothing to plunder and enslave all of the realms people and lay waste to its lands. An evil that refuses to die, that has ravaged every realm it has touched. Its name is Sinnia, the Spider Queen and she has set her eyes back on the one world that eludes her grasp.

The leadership races must come together and harness the old power of their ancestors, sing their song of lore as one people and defeat this horror once and for all. These races will come to discover a long lost secret about their own ancestry, their connection to each other and the realm itself, a secret that will change their worldforever.


Song of the Ancestors
Book I
Web of the Spider Queen
Smashwords Edition
Copyright  2013 by John Grover
All rights reserved
Cover Art Copyright  2013 K. H. Koehler
http://www.khkoehler.com/

World Map  2013 Jared Blando

http://theredepic.com/

 Edited by Louise Bohmer 

http://www.louisebohmer.com


All characters, events and descriptions in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons living or dead are the product of the authors imagination and are purely coincidental.
Table of Contents


The Rising Darkness
The Realm of Orum
Seeing Through the Mists
The Journey by Night
Eyes of the Unseen
Past and Present Collide
Lair of the Spider Queen
The Rising Darkness


Pale moonlight poured over the grassy hills, illuminating a forest of skeletal trees stretching to the night sky. Hiding in the shadows, a group advanced, crawling on their bellies until they reached the edge of a cliff.
The steel of their swords glinted, and they prayed they would not be discovered. Many lives depended on them. This mission had to be successful.
Nix, the Elf Captain, stared into the eyes of his friend, Edon, and saw sadness there. Edon witnessed his brother, uncles, and neighbors die at the hands of these butchers. Rage burned in his heart that would never die, not until they were all stopped and for good this time.
Dont worry, my friend. Nix placed his hand on Edons shoulder. Theyll never reach White Fern.
I hope youre right, said Edon, not sharing Nixs confidence, the very thought of them wiping their beloved village from existence only fueled his hatred of them and her.
Hope, Nix dared to utter it.  We must have hope. We will defeat them. He turned and lowered his gaze as the others joined him. Fourteen in all spotted their enemies in the distance.
Three small campfires glowed far below. Hulking figures weaved aimlessly around the flames. The firelight reflected off their black armor, while axes and long swords clanked in the night. These dark warriors were preparing for battle. The elves scanned them closely, searching for weak spots, taking in their number--twenty, maybe more. 
The horror multiplied as they watched the dark soldiers herd their steeds--enormous spiders as large as horses.  The arachnids bulbous bodies were midnight-black, and coarse hair sprouted over every inch, including eight legs of deadly strength, strong enough to crush a tree trunk.  
The warriors used these hideous beasts to ride into battle, and in their army, as soldiers who spit poison and spun webs of death. These abominations were pets for the leader of this great, dark army that threatened to enslave the once peaceful, lush world of Orum. 
She was a self-proclaimed queen, with the blackest of hearts and the coldest of gazes. Her fierce eyes were filled with the wild. Tall in stature, she possessed a commanding presence. What monsters she couldnt find in this world, she created through sinister magic. A necromancer and invoker from the shadows of the abyss, she ripped her way into Orum a millennia ago with one purpose: rule this world or destroy it. Her name: Sinnia, the spider queen. 
Back when the world was young, Sinnias first attempt at domination was thwarted. Her nightmarish self was hurled back into the shadowy realm and the rift between the planes sealed. Yet her lust for power knew no bounds and somehow she returned, craving to rule this world above all others. Shed enslave all of its dwellers or destroy them trying.  
Her sorcery summoned every evil thing that slithered, crawled, and fluttered from beneath the filth and dirt. Spiders, great and small, served and obeyed her every command. A psychic link was known to exist between them. They were her family.
The lizard people controlled the swamps for her, with tyranny and cruelty, murdering anything good that tried to escape these lands. The Gibbelin King ruled the mountains in her name, his brood keeping watchful eyes on the events below. They joined the battles when they seemed one sided, or stopped anyone from escaping over the mountaintops. 
Many other creatures fought on her behalf--necromantic clans, marsh men--whether they wanted to or not. But the most feared, the most powerful among her minions, were simply known as the Ebon warriors. They were her infantry and first into battle, paving the way for destruction. No one really knew where they came from. They had only appeared when she did. Emotionless, their faces were hidden behind grotesque helmets with carved faceguards. Skilled in fierce combat, sometimes accompanied by their queens favorite spiders, they fought relentlessly. Not many lived through a fight with them. The ones that did were consideredunlucky.
It was the elves turn to face them now. White Fern village had received word from Amazonian spies that the Ebon warriors were on their way to destroy White Fern. They had to be stopped. The village moved three times to hide its existence, but it had done little good. It was time to take a stand. They would not watch their home vanish, as Glimmer Wood and Lily Hollow had. The race was at risk. The elves were already losing their ability to reproduce. They couldnt let every lineage be wiped from Orum. 
Archers ready, Nix whispered, and ten of the fourteen raised their bows. The best marksmen of the village had been chosen, sworn that their aim would be true. 
Turning to his friend one more time, Nix raised his hand and nodded. Edon nodded back, trying to swallow the fear that swelled inside him.
Dropping his arm as he made a fist, Nix cried, Fire!
A flock of arrows screamed through the air, raining down on the beasts below. Agony-filled screams cut through the silence.
A spider went down, an arrow sinking deep into its tough hide. It was not yet dead but incapacitated. Wails escaped it as thick blood drooled from its body.
Other arrows found their marks, ripping through the warriors armor and sending them to the ground. They crawled for cover, dragging themselves through blood-stained dirt.
But most of the Ebon warriors carried on, seemingly oblivious to the onslaught. Arrows protruding from their legs or chests, but they showed no pain. As if bears awakening from hibernation, the warriors staggered about sluggishly, disorganized and confused, searching for the source of the attack.
Their questions were soon answered. 
Attack! The call sounded over the moans of pain and misery. The elves, swords now drawn, charged down the steep face of the cliff and into the camp. As if greeting their own oblivion, they rushed to meet their foes. The two forces clashed in a clatter of metal, flesh, and carnage.
Two elves met their death swiftly as an enormous spider spat poison onto them. Their flesh shriveled, and shrieks of torment resonated as they died.
With courage, Nix charged his adversary. His sword drove hard into the warriors armor, but it barely pierced it.  It was if the armor were forged by some wicked sorcery. Probably that of their despicable queen. Through undying determination, Nix triumphed, killing the warrior as another faced him.
Edon ducked the swing of his foes axe and responded by jabbing his sword where his enemy was vulnerable. Looking about, he watched as his comrades fell. One was simply hauled up and thrown into the roaring campfires, where he ignited then fled, his cries diminishing in the distance. Another met his end at the blades of many axes, relentlessly chopping him down, while still others succumbed to the sticky, deadly webs spun by a bloated spider anticipating its next meal. Tonight it enjoyed eating its prey alive. 
Edon stood back, having lost his edge. Mesmerized by the destruction around him, he watched as his people gave their lives for a cause he felt was hopeless. Lowering his sword, he grew lost, and pondered his reason for being there. Should he stay or flee? He could not decide.
Nix swung high, lobbing the head off the warrior before him. Turning, he caught a glimpse of his closest friend. Edon was in serious peril. Behind him lurched a mercilessly warrior, with his weapon raised high. 
Edon! Nix screamed, racing towards him. He launched his sword like a javelin, and watched with silent prayers as it soared through the air. It plunged right through the body of the advancing warrior. The beast went crashing to the ground.  Edon was safe. 
 	Edon? Nix said. What is wrong with you? Snap out of it!  I need you now.  We need you. 
Why? We're doomed. Cant you see that?
No I cant, Nix said. We must stick together.  Only united can we drive them from our land.  And we will.  Be strong. Now pick up that sword and swing it proudly!
With newfound strength, Edon lifted his sword, joining his friend and captains side. The two dashed back into the heat of battle.
They had done it. With a heavy price paid, the elves defeated the dark warriors and drove the spiders out of the area.  Only six of the fourteen survived, Nix and Edon included, but White Fern was safeat least for now.
See? Nix smiled while he whispered to Edon.  Unity.
Edon did not reply, but a twinkle showed in his eye. Perhaps the tide was turning.  Maybe, just maybe, they could reclaim their world. For the first time, in such a long while, he was beginning to believe that.
###
Lianna the Amazon Queen watched as her sisters danced, their bodies twisting and shaking vigorously, telling tales of honor and glory, of victories past.
The morning mist still hung in the air. It was quite early. Just the right time to prepare for attack. War drums beat softly, their rhythm humming in Liannas head. The faces of her warriors passed her in circles, their war paint thick and striking.
The queen prepared her sisters for weeks. Now it was time again to take up the sword, string the bows, and wield their lances in defense of the Amazon nation. She had consulted with the shamaness Juni and found this to be a good day. The Orum Gods would smile on them. 
Just beyond the amazon village lay the beginning of the swamps. The first one, Eelberry, was massive and dark, overgrown and deadly. It harbored a lizard outpost, set up there to warn of any intruders.  It had to be dealt with, or no amazonian would be able to cross between the lands.
The lizard people, a foul and ferocious race, clung to the swamps and marshes, while breeding in subterranean caverns. They fed off the flesh of others, sometimes making jewelry and weapons out of the bones of their fallen victims. Their green skin, adaptable to most climates and good armor against attack, made them a challenging enemy.
That didnt matter to Lianna and her people. They were warriors, with brave hearts and strong discipline, and this was not the first time they had done battle with evil.
The time is now, my queen, Juni whispered to Lianna, animal skins wrapped tightly around her body, a ceremonial headdress perched proudly atop her head.
Yes, Lianna whispered. Raising her hands made the dancers halt in front of her. My sisters. We are again called to defend our land and our people.  Be brave and strong. Remember: unity! We will defeat this plague upon us.  Now, my sisters, show no mercy to our enemies!
A combination of joy and war cries rose, as they gathered up their weapons and dashed through the forest towards the swamps
Shafts of sunlight barely squeaked through the lush trees of Eelberry swamp. In the shadows sat the lizard men---gnawing on breakfast.  They fed on chunks of meat, shredding and ripping it from claw to tooth. Their weapons lay at their sides, food being more important than guard duty. The timing was perfect.
A spear sailed out of the trees, piercing the chest of one lizard. As he fell over in the mud, the others jumped to their feet, food forgotten.
War cries vibrated through the enclosed area of the swamp.  Droves of warrior women came out of the trees, as ferocious as any lizard man. With the advantage of surprise the amazons charged, bringing a fury with them the likes of which the lizard men had never seen. 
Lianna led the way, engaging the enemy without a second thought. Her sword met a lizard mans club, while his razor sharp teeth snapped inches away from her throat.
The battle raged--arrows flying, spears launching, swords clashing. The amazons pressed their attack with back flips and acrobatic stunts, keeping their enemies off guard. 
The lizard people were formidable however, and Lianna bore witness as her sisters fell. Arms were bitten clean off by jaws of death. Some amazons were outnumbered, while others were beaten to death by clubs, or gored by jagged spears and tridents. Sisters were forced into the swamp face first, air squeezed from their bodies, while their lungs filled with water. Using their claws, the lizard men tore and ripped at their attackers, fighting with utter cruelty, without remorse. Fighting to maim, cripple, and devour. 
Down went another at Liannas feet, her sword coated in crimson, leather armor drenched in fetid swamp water. Scanning the battle, she searched for an open spot to attack, checking to see if one of her warriors needed help. But she found it was she who needed help.  
A slash caught her sword arm, leaving a gouge. Searing pain wracked her as warm blood gushed.  A lizard man stood behind her, licking the fresh blood off his claw. Liannas sword toppled into the swamp waters, leaving her unarmed.
Laughing maniacally, the lizard man kicked her, causing her to buckle and fall to her knees. She clasped her gut as all air left her body, and the lizard raised his sword above her.
Something whistled by her face. The lizard man froze, his eyes wide with shock.  A dagger protruded from the center of his chest. He gasped then dropped to his knees. His intense glare burned through Lianna as she watched him fall.
Lianna took the outstretched hand before her and regained her footing and sword. Thank you, my sister. I owe you my life, she said, tending to her wounded arm.
I live to serve you my queen. Juni placed her boot on the lifeless body of the lizard man and yanked her dagger out.
I believe the tide is turning. Lianna watched their sisters drive the lizard men to a hasty retreat. Victory was theirs.
For now, my queen, Juni sounded cautious. I have seen visions. The evil one is becoming stronger, and is draining the life from our world. Soon, she will need no army.  She will be all powerful.
We must meet with the elfin tribes and the fairies. This vision must never become realized. 
Yes, my queen.
Juni and Lianna joined the celebrating women, their victory chants filling the foreboding swamp.
###
Darkness bled into the halls of the castle, coating its walls like a second layer of skin. Stone and rubble met to form an odd-shaped fortress of evil, with cavernous rooms and stairways winding into nothing. Cold and dank, no light dared to enter this abomination, save for its feral inhabitants. 
Giant webs clung to the wall like tapestries, wet with venom. They festered on the ceilings like a fungus. The stench of death choked the air.
Alone in the grand throne room she sat, silence building up around her like enormous walls of defense. Her fierce yellow eyes glowed in the dark, like two candles burning perpetually in the void. Her black skin blended perfectly with the shadows, acting as camouflage. Silken robes danced in a breeze laced with sulfur. Beside her skull-capped throne, the half eaten corpse of an elf dangled from a chain. The chains faint rattle was music to her ears.
Sinnia sat and pondered, receiving visions from her arachnid warriors. She watched the towns and villages of the innocent burn in hot crimson flames. She saw the beauty squelched from the land. Her knights marched relentlessly, attacking and crushing every race that came into their path.
A smile crossed her black lips, but only briefly, for in the far reaches of her mind she detected a resistance growing. A thorn in her side. 
No. 
She refused to accept it. The prophecy had failed. The legends were untrue. The song from their myths would never be heard. Never. She dismissed it from her thoughts.
Footsteps upon her marbled floors drew her attention to the doorway. Through it walked two armored warriors, dragging a delicate hostage with them. Behind them two of her eight-legged pets scurried into the darkness, dragging a web-imprisoned meal with them.
She lifted her head to take notice of the prize before her. What a vision it was. In their arms they restrained a woman, her naked body a soft dove white, the likes of which was foreign to Sinnia and her minions. Although battered and bruised, she glistened with what looked to be fairy dust. Her once glorious, glossy wings were now worn and dim, the enchantment snuffed out of them. She bowed her head out of sheer exhaustion as they dragged her before the throne.
You will look upon me... Sinnia spoke, her words vibrating with not just one voice but many, as if a legion of evil spoke through her.
Sinnias yellow eyes glowed with radiance, and the fairys head lifted with a will that was not her own. The fairys eyes were lifeless gray, and her golden hair hung listless on her shoulders.
The spider queens eyes blazed.  She cocked her head as she read the fairys thoughts. You hoped to gain information from me? She laughed mockingly then hissed. A fairy spy? Or is it assassin? You poor dear. Dont you understand? Your world is mine. I have risen again. Your prophecy has failed. Your heroes are no more. Bow to your new queen.
Never, the fairy said defiantly. You will be stopped. Your time is short, dark one.
The spider queen laughed, before her expression transformed into a sneer. With a wave of her arm, the fairy soared out of the warriors grip and smashed against a stone cold wall. A crack pealed through the room. 
Sinnia leered at the fairy, still reeling from her throw. She wiggled her fingers, and a host of arms plunged out of the wall. This torn flesh, in ghoulish decay, seized the delicate little fae. One hand even covered the fairys mouth, to let the dark queen bask in the silence she loved so much.
The Realm of Orum

The triple moons of Orum began to set as daylight broke over the land. A misty haze showered the horizon, blurring the radiance that the dawn once brought to the world. Nix and his men rode through the plains--flatlands filled with dusty fields and craters. A stark contrast to the lush emerald fields that used to fill this land.
The plains were once as vibrant and alive as any other part of Orum. Small bodies of water fed the soft, fur-like grass and Elder flowers, the oldest flower in Orum. Fields of these, with their gradient hues of pink and red, dotted the landscape. But what was left of them now only grew in clusters. The water dried up, leaving behind craters that vermin took refuge in.
The elves crossed the end of this land and into an enormous valley. Cliffs rose up on both sides of them. Nixs ever-watchful eyes searched their ridges for any danger. 
To the far south were the bleak swamplands--a network of low hills and marshes. Eelberry was the largest of the three swamps where the amazons were still clearing their fallen, the other two, Blight Bog and Stagger wood were the inner swamps. Smaller but much deeper than Eelberry. 
To the north the Snowcap Forest resided--one of the three great forests of Orum. Named for its majestic evergreens and white firs, which grew so tall their tops were coated with snow, dusting the branches below with glittering white.
 It was a crisp cool place, where artic birds nested and the secretive frost fae hid. Icy ponds shimmered with a kaleidoscope of colors as clouds of steam blew across their surface.
A thin river flowed weakly through the valley. Nix and his men followed it the entire distance as it ran over slopes and down embankments, and then through a tunnel. 
On the other side, the elves entered a grove with three waterfalls. They were on the edge of Loden Forest, one of the three great forests of Orum, in an area they called Trium Falls. Blue-green waters rushed jointly into a lagoon that broke into various rivers. One headed through Loden forest. 
The waters flowed slower than they had in hundreds of years. This was the cause behind the rivers thinning out. Thankfully, the forest still held its green glow, yet to fade in the shadows cast by Sinnias presence. Above the treetops fireflies danced and played--beacons of hope to the elves.
Were almost home, Nix said to his men, stopping his steed to give it a rest and let it quench its thirst in the lagoon. Isnt it beautiful? He turned to Edon. It has not been touched by her hand.
Edon nodded and smiled, staring at the majestic green trees towering over them. A heavy canopy of enormous oaks, silver wood and birch. Even their bark was tinted green by the edible moss that grew upon them.
Nix thought back on all the times he and his friends, namely Edon, played in the treetops, running from one to the other, chasing one another, chasing the fireflies, and harvesting the moss for the nights dinner. His people loved the forest. They respected it and lived off it. Its mystical nature still captivated Nix well into adulthood. How lucky he was to be born in a forest tribe. The hill tribes and grove dwellers werent as blessed to have grown up in Loden forest. He vowed the evil one would never set foot in the magical place. 
We shouldnt remain in one place for long, Edon warned. We dont want anything to track us to White Fern.
Ive been watching, Nix said. We are alone. But you speak well, my friend. It is time to move.
They continued on, galloping into the forest without a path, without hesitation. Some of tree branches parted to allow them entry. The group vanished into the dense cover of the trees.
They arrived at White Fern village, where a few of the children came to greet them first. Following behind them the women approached timidly, their faces long, their joy stolen. Moments later the wailing began, as wives and mothers discovered their loved ones were among those who did not make it home.
Nix dismounted and handed his horse off to one of the children. His wife, Maren, came to him, her arms wide. They embraced tightly, then he pulled away and smiled at his wife. He noticed the tears of joy in her eyes.
I have returned, Nix said. Why the shedding?
You are my blessing. I can express my happiness no other way.
He held her tight, kissing her cheeks, her neck, her slender ears. He brushed the dark locks from her eyes. Have you visited the well-woman today?
Yes.
And?
Still nothing. I have not conceived.
Some day. We must be patient. Nix tried to hide his disappointment, but it was becoming increasingly difficult. They were among the highest royalty in the village. Nix came from a long line of leaders, and it was a heavy burden to still be childless. He desired an heir. Not only to carry on his name, but in case he did not survive these dark days. The war drew closer to home, and his wife was not the only one unable to bear children.
Perhaps now is not the time for young ones, said Maren. With the scourge on our world, we should wait.
I understand your thoughts my love, but we must not let this evil stop us from living, thriving, or it has already won.
Maren's silence was profound, but she knew Nix was right. 
The smell of cooking fires tinged the air as the village gathered for their victory feast. A great oak table was brought to center court then filled with a bounty of fruit, vegetable, and game. Pedestals of fairy light surrounded them as they dined. Urns burned a sweet, intoxicating scentan offering of thanks to the Gods of Orum.
On Nixs right sat his wife, to his left his comrade Edon. Their cups were filled with Elder flower wine. They ate and drank while listening to soft melodies from the tribal musicians. Hypnotic drumbeats wafted through the air as harps resounded.
Nix turned to Edon. I want you to summon the other leaders of Orum. We can no longer hold off this side of the world. Our numbers are dwindling. The unity I spoke of must be shared by all people of Orum. Lianna of the amazons, Salane of the Fairy Kingdom, and the other elfin tribes must unite.
Aye, my friend. I will get notice to them. Edon poured himself more wine.
We will consult the oracles as soon as were assembled. They must know a way to stop this evil Spider Queen. Fighting her armies is fruitless. She can produce more at will. We could be at war for eternity. I wont have it. The ancestors banished her once before
That was a millennia ago, Edon said with a belch.
Yes, but the oracles were among the people then. Theyve always been with us. They know much. They will see a way.
Those oracles give me the shivers.
Nix laughed out loud. Youve faced beasts from hell, and the oracles frighten you? You are a puzzle, my friend.
Everyone at the table laughed. A nervous laugh, but it relieved the stress of their peril for just a moment, and to Nix that was a good thing. He took his wifes hand then looked around the table. He wondered if, after today, hed ever see these warms faces again. 
Seeing through the Mists.


Among a circle of stones to the west of the elves village sat a single hill, known as Scry Hill. It sprouted like an anomaly. At the top of the hill Nix, Edon, and the elfin guards waited.
Moments later the other leaders arrived --Lianna with Juni and a small batallion by her side. Behind them the fairies with their entourage. They came to stop at a great red crystal resting atop a stone receptacle.
Good. We are all here, Nix said. I will call the oracles. He placed his hand on the red crystal and it radiated a soft glow. Oracles, we require your sight. Come to us. Our needs are dire.
A white mist filled the air, fogging out the horizon. It drifted around the edges of the hill and enclosed it. Shadowy figures formed in the fog. These vague shapes twisted  until faces winked in and out of the white vapors.
Six figures slowly emerged from their blanket of obscurity. Their upper bodies were humanoid, and both females and males wore long white hair and beards. The lower half of their bodies were serpentine, coiling, and segmented tails pushed the oracles to the red crystal.
All six oracles placed their hands on the crystal then chanted. Their naked upper bodies writhed as their tails twitched. The crystal hummed sporadically until the oracles yanked back their hands as if theyd been burned. One looked up at the races around them and spoke.
There is only one way, the oracle said to them, brushing his white beard and staring intensely at Nix.
Time passed oddly. Nix blinked, wanting to respond, but his mouth could not form words. What had been only moments felt like hours. The six oracles consulted one another and agreed.
The leader of each race must face the queen in mortal combat, the oracle said. They must invoke the essence of the saviors. The leaders from the dawning of Orum. Those leaders defeated the queen the first time she made war in our world. This was during her birth stage. Since then, she's matured and sharpened her powers in other realms, destroying many until she was reborn. This rebirth made her very powerful. Powerful enough to break through to our world again. The one realm that has escaped her grip.
She is able to summon allies from the shadow realm. Not even we have the power to do this. Sinnia does it at will. If she is not stopped, she will swallow all the goodness in the universe.
The prophecy says that only the ancestors or their proxy can defeat the queen. Since it has been so long, the three leaders must assume their ancestor's essence and become their proxy, with these... At the foot of the crystal, the oracle materialized three clay jars with runes on them. 
In these containers rest the dust of those first leaders. You must take these with you on your journey. When you face her, use them to invoke their essence. Only then will she be defeated. Take heed, she must never know the existence of these soul jars. She believes the prophecy is false, for the three no longer live. But they can again...through you.
Nix stepped away from his people and took the jar closest to him. I am ready. 
Im going with you. Edon ran to his friend.
No, you must stay. The prophecy says I must go with the others leaders and our guardians. You are neither my friend.
I will not stay. You need a protector.
I will have the best. Our elfin guard and the other leaders. Edon, you must stay and protect White Fern in my absence. I need you to lead the armies of the elfin tribes and keep Sinnias armies at bay."
I understand, he said, disappointment weighing heavy upon him.
You are good soul. Nix put his hand on Edons shoulder. Hope. Lead strong. Show no fear.
Let us begin our journey, a fair-skinned man with translucent, glossy wings stepped from the fairies and scooped up the clay jar etched with fairy runes.
You are not the fairy leader, Lianna said, putting her jar in her pouch. Where is Salane?
She was captured by Ebon warriors during battle. I am the appointed leader of the fairies in her absence. I am Vanare.
Welcome Vanare, Nix said. We are honored.
My queen, Juni said, stepping to Liannas side. Take this talisman bag. The spider queen uses dark magic. This may combat it.
Thank you, Juni. Lianna placed the small bag in her pouch. Always looking out for me.
The three leaders addressed their people. Lianna took lead and instructed her sisters. It has been many years since weve met with our brothers the elves, but now we need to stand as one. Join their fight as a united army and push back the hordes.
Stand united, Vanare said. Unleash hell from the skies and show them no mercy. They will show you none. Protect the amazons and elves as if they were your own.
You know how I feel, Nix said, eyeing Edon. Do not give up, for they will win. Push them out of your homelands. They are many. You are united. Victory for Orum!
A cheer resounded, echoing off the top of the hill. Victory for Orum!
The oracles slid quietly back into their mist. May the Gods of Orum watch over you. The fog dissipated and the clear blue sky reappeared.
Maren made her way through the crowd and thrust herself into Nixs arms. For a long moment they said nothing, simply enjoying the feel of each others embrace--the warmth, the strength. Nixs wife looked up at him, and her eyes were filled with uncertainty. 
Return to me, she whispered.
I will do my best, love. Nix could make no promises. None that she would believe anyway. Pray for us. We must succeed.
She nodded as Nix caressed her small, slender ears. They kissed before he turned towards his escorts.
The three leaders gathered their weapons, their guards, and steeds and prepared for the longest journey of their lives. As they rode off into the dying sun, their people watched, standing united, not as different races but as one. 
The Journey by Night

Darkness crept upon them like a great scavenger, and one by one stars dappled the clear violet sky. They found themselves passing through the Echian hills--once lush fields that were now as dreary and nearly as barren as the plains. Orums beautiful lands were dying by the will of evil taking hold, spreading like a plague.
In the distance they watched a battalion of Ebon warriors make their way through the hillsides, mounted on giant spiders. Nix couldnt help but wonder if they were on their way to White Fern. Had they at last discovered his beloved home? He prayed that Edon had the endurance to fight, the courage to carry on, and the faith in himself to at least mount a defense. Please, dear Edon, make me proud...
Hours passed before they reached Vasoon forest, former haven of enchantment and fairy magic. Now it was a forest of the dead. Sinnia laid waste to it, driving the fairies out and making it a home for her spiders. Here they tread softly. 
Skeletal trees reached for them with boney, thin branches. Giant spotted mushrooms, gutted and devoured, dotted the withered landscape. The ground was stained with dark blood. Spirits of the dead, slain in battle, haunted this area, and the group fear them.
There were whispers among the trees, within the brush, as they passed. Souls of the fae remained here, refusing to leave the once sacred place. Their anger hung thick in the air, causing even the trees to tremble. Moans swept across the trails and paths as their horses twitched with dread. 
The dead speak, Lianna said, her gaze fixed on treetops that wore spider webs like necklaces. They want vengeance.
Well give it to them, Vanare said. These grounds belonged to my people. It is they who cry out for justice.
Leaving the forest, they came upon a great yawning cavern at the foot of the mountains. Its entrance, lined with stalactites, resembled carnivorous teeth. It was the only path up into the mountains. The horses bucked and cried as they neared the cavernutterly refusing to enter it.
Dismounting their rides, the group gathered together. Nix and his two escorts, Lianna with her two, Vanare by himself. Their people could spare no more soldiers.
The beasts refuse to go any farther, Vanare said.
Theyre no fools, Nix said, smiling. We will leave their company here and proceed on foot. It might be safer through the mountains that way. The Gibbelins dont hear very well. Perhaps we will elude them.
They went into the mouth of the cavern. Using flint, they ignited the torches they had brought with them. The firelight danced hypnotically on the walls, illuminating black pools of noxious liquid that bubbled in the crevices around them. 
Foul smell. Lianna grimaced as the three watched a pool of black ooze squirm.
Ahead they got a glimpse of the exit, highlighted by a pale curtain of moonlight. Upon approaching it, they took notice of the massive pool that rippled in front of the exit.
Take heed and step over it, Nix warned as they prepared to cross.
The liquid writhed, rising before them. It slithered to an enormous height then came crashing down.
The liquid mass reshaped and reformed, growing to monstrous proportions. Soon a hulking beast stepped from the waters, its slick flesh a mud color. It stomped toward them, shaking the excess moisture from itself.
This four-armed creature now blocked their escape. Around its thick neck it wore a necklace of skulls, elf and fairy alike. Sewn to its belly were other skulls, smaller in size, animal in shape. Licking its lips, it curled its ferocious claws and lumbered closer.
I am Clatterbones, it roared, yellow eyes glittering in the torchlight. You may not pass me without my prize. I demand a prize. It shook the skulls that covered it, and the rattling echoed through the cave. These are my prizes, and I will have more before you pass.
We have no prizes to give, Nix said, bracing his sword. The elfin guards flanked him.
Oh, but you do. I see a mighty pretty one with you. It pointed at Lianna with one hand, while jingling its skull necklace with the other.
You will lose all four arms if you try to claim this prize. She scowled, drawing her sword from its sheath.
So be it! With a howl, it charged them. Vanare lifted into the air and dove towards the great beast. 
Clatterbones caught him by the throat. It clawed at Nix and the elves with its other arms. With mighty force, Vanare was tossed against a wall, the wind knocked out of him.
Lianna leapt into a back flip, catching the beast on the side of the head with her feet. It seemed immune to the blow. Her aids rushed the beast, but were struck down by its muscled arms. The amazons crawled to their knees, trying to catch their breath.
Nix pressed forward, swinging his sword wide but missing as Clatterbones sidestepped him. Two tree trunk-like arms struck Nixs back and sent him to the ground.
Lianna swung wildly at the distracted creature and dug a gash out of its back. It wailed with anger, swinging round and catching her by the face. You are a feisty prize. I will enjoy this. It began to squeeze with all of its might, licking her face with a pink tongue.
Linnas screams filled the cave, but Nix made it to his feet and quickly drove his sword right through the beast. Dropping Lianna, it cried in pain as Vanare, having gained his composure, swung his blade swift and sure and took Clatterbones head clean off.
A streak of oily blood spattered the walls as the creature shambled to its knees. A moment later it slumped over and went still.
Are you alright? Nix pulled Lianna to her feet.
Never better. She smiled at him, fascinated by the twinkle in his eyes. A twinkle like that of the stars.
After recuperating, they exited the cave to find themselves in awe of the Baneridge mountains, waiting for them against the bleak horizon. Gibbelin infested mountains, their granite peaks strained for the night sky. Hints of ceremonial bonfires made the peaks glow with orange-red hues. They looked toward the steep slopes miles ahead and at the even steeper north ridge that waited for them.
We are no match for a Gibbelin army, Vanare said. We should try to cloak ourselves in the shadows and slip through the pass.
We shall try, Lianna said. The way is treacherous, but we have the ancestors on our side. She patted the pouch around her shoulders.
Yes we do, Nix said. This is only the beginning of our journey. These mountains are the first steps to victory. On the other side of them lie the forsaken landsour world in Sinnias clutches. Let us not waste another moment.
###
With a lump in his throat, Edon stood, watching their approach. The dark Ebon warriors rode onto the plains upon their giant spiders. Armor clattered, axes and swords clanked, spiders hissed. The lizard men came with them, advancing on foot, carrying tridents and spikes maces. Large-fanged, smaller spiders, as black as shadows, flooded the fields, eager for warm flesh.
They must not reach Loden Forest, Edon called, ripping his sword from its sheath. He now led a combined army of amazons and elfin tribes. He thought of Nix and the others. He thought of his beloved White Fern on the other side of the forest. The darkness was dangerously close. This was their time to stand against it. Edon lifted his sword and hundreds of archers took aim.
The gallop of the spiders rumbled like thunder across the plains. A flock of black birds soared in the air, drawing closer to Edons defenses. Smoke and dust billowed into the skies, already saturating the battlefield with debris.
Edon waited, watching until the first line of spider riders swept into his line of sight. Now! He swung his sword.
The sky filled with a hail of arrows. Spiders squealed in agony, tossing their masters. Warriors crashed hard, armor shattered, arrows found their mark.
Lizard men roared, flinging tridents into the air. amazons and elves fell, their blood soaking the ground. The battle was on.
The shadow spiders swarmed their prey. But Juni, the Amazon Shamaness, stepped into their path. She chanted and blew in their direction. A gust of wind raged across the field and carried the spiders miles away. She turned her attention to the next wave of riders and lizard men, but her spell was interrupted by a soaring trident.
Edon moved his shield in front Juni and deflected the oncoming weapon.
I owe you my life, she said to him.
Keep yourself alive, he said. Attack from behind the scenes. Ill have no martyrs here today. He turned and charged, leading the elves and amazons to meet the scourge head on.
Swords and axes clashed. amazon lances met tridents, as the plains ran red with blood. Elves leapt through the air, tackling warriors off their hellish steeds. 
Giant spiders crushed rib cages, ripped out throats, and filled bodies with poisonous venom. Helpless elves and amazons fell paralyzed as smaller spiders ate them alive.
Lizard men used teeth and claws as weapons, gnashing at anything that moved--women, elves, even each other. Their savagery grew uncontrollable. 
Edon thrust his sword through an Ebon warrior, stopping him seconds before he swung his battleaxe down. The elf managed to skip out of the way and attack from behind, slicing through his shoulder, separating the warriors arm. The axe fell to the ground.
The elf slashed his sword again across the back of the enemy's kneecap. The warrior fell to one knee, and Edon plunged the sword into the back of his neck. He twitched once before toppling over. 
Edon turned to see the amazons kick and gouge, impale and maim. They gave the brutality of their foes right back to them. It almost made Edon smile. He had never seen the likes of it.
He rejoined the battle, helping a woman take down a stubborn lizard man. She smiled at him and nodded her approval. 
You are fierce warriors, he said to her. Ill bet the lizard women would cower at your hands.
There are no lizard women, she said. Theyre a single-sexed race. They automatically lay eggs when its time. The color of their stripes tells their age. She pointed at the fallen lizards tail. That copper color means he hasnt reached adulthood yet, when hell be fertile.
Her knowledge stunned him. How do you
We dedicate ourselves to learning every detail about our enemies. It teaches us their weakness.
What do you know of these dark warriors?
Nothing. No one has ever caught one nor lived to question one. We do not even know if they can speak.
Wails of anguish filled the air. Body parts littered the ground. The carnage dimmed the light of day. Edon and the amazon turned to watch dark warriors hacking elves and amazons alike. 
At least they scream from the bite of our swords, and they surely die.
Aye, she said. The Gods watch over us.
The two of them rushed back into the heat of battle, slashing their way into a sea of armor and flesh.
The fight raged for hours. The number of warriors and lizards seemed endless. Another wave of riders appeared over the horizon. Behind the flanks of armed guards, Juni uttered the words of another spell. Soon after, hailstones tore through the sky. Huge rocks battered the riders, bashing their armor, toppling them from their spiders and cracking bones.
Still, the dark warriors carried on.
###
Nix and his group crossed the desolate terrain toward Baneridge mountains. Scrub brush sprouted up around them. Jagged rocks jutted from the ground. The wind blew dust at their faces, like the lashes of a horsewhip. 
The ground trembled slightly beneath their feet, so they stopped. The guard to Nixs left gazed down. Pale tentacles wrapped around his boots and jerked him to the ground. They dragged him away from the group in a flash.
Derith! A stunned Nix raced for his comrade as the tentacles pulled the helpless elf into a vast pit. Nix dove to the ground, his arms outstretched, but he narrowly missed the guards hands. He was gone.
The tentacles lashed out of the pit once more and snagged Nixs pouch, snapping it from his body. They retracted into the dark orifice and were gone. My soul jar! Nix cried. My souljar
Lianna and the others reached Nixs side. Vanare hovered above the pit. What by the Gods was that?
I think I know A worried look washed over Nix's face. I believe it is a Snare.
A Snare? Lianna said. I thought they were extinct.
Apparently not this one. We need to go in after it. It took my soul jar. My ancestor is lost. We cannot face the dark queen without it. We must have all three.
That is the lower depths, Vanare said. He planted his feet back on the ground. Its bad mana to walk in the lower depths.
Nix looked back at him. We do not have a choice. We fail here if we refuse to go.
We may not make it back out alive.
Nix ignored Vanare and whipped a thin rope out of his pack. He tied it off to a thick tree root and tossed the length down into the pitch-black pit. Without the soul jar, all of Orum is dead. He descended into the darkness.
Vanare sighed and rolled his eyes. His wings fluttered and lifted him into the air. He glided into the pit, following Nix. Liannna took the rope next then her guards, Nali and Myrrh, followed. Last, Nixs remaining escort, the elf Ayre, took hold of the rope and protected their rear.
The first thing Nix did after unsheathing his sword was reignite his torch. Lianna did the same. The firelight chased away the shadows to reveal a huge subterranean tunnel. Rows of razor sharp stalactites stretched from its roof like teeth. The ground was littered with bones, and some of the walls glistened with a sticky substance.
The left side of the tunnel was a solid rock wall. To the right the tunnel stretched off into the dark and bent around a corner. They heard a crackling coming from that direction.
I sense that is the way, Nix whispered as he pointed with his sword. He alerted the others to keep their noise to a minimum. 
Unable to glide in the confines of the tunnel, Vanare drew his sword and walked with the others, keeping to the right. The group scaled the tunnel, turning its corner, where it opened into a larger chamber. 
The first thing they saw were the skeletal remains of a horse entangled in a viscous coating akin to amber or tree sap. The body hung from the ceiling, attached to one of the stalactites.
A rotting smell wafted out of the chamber. Nix and Lianna pushed forward as the others reluctantly trailed behind, trembling. Nix swung his torch in front of him, and the flames flickered. Beside the horse, on a smaller stalactite, he discovered the half-eaten body of his missing warrior hanging upside down.
Derith Nixs eyes widened. The elf was trapped in the sticky casing too. One of his arms was missing, but in his remaining hand he clutched Nixs pouch containing the soul jar. There it is. Nix started toward the limp body, swaying back and forth as he reached for the pouch.
A gargantuan shadow stretched across the walls of the chamber. The crackling was accompanied by the scuffling of dozens of feet. Moments later the Snare dropped from the ceiling. Its bone-white tentacles shot out of its proboscis and latched onto Nixs feet.
No! Lianna raced to his aid, her sword swinging wildly. She jumped to the closest boulder and catapulted off of it. Her blade smashed the armored shell of the Snares body, but simply bounced away without causing damage.
The Snare, a hybrid of a giant gray spider and prehistoric millipede, had a segmented carapace studded with barbs that were a hard as stone. Its  natural armor. Almost nothing could cut through it. A dozen or more bristle-covered legs could scale the walls of any underground cave or tunnel. The feelers pulled prey to its monstrous, horned mandibles where it would crush and eat its meal. Whatever was left over would be covered in a sticky secretion to preserve for years to come.
Although Liannas attack did no damage, it did have the desired effect. The Snare released Nix and swung one of its legs at the amazon queen. Lianna fell to the ground with the wind knocked out of her. It crawled toward her, mandibles clicking in anticipation. Three black eyes leered at her as liquid oozed out of it proboscis and over its feelers.  Lianna screamed as it advanced.
My queen! Nali rushed in between Lianna and the beast, sacrificing herself. The mandibles caught the young amazon warrior in its vice-like grip. The sound of bones snapping echoed through the chamber.
Nali! Tears soaked Liannas cheeks.
Myrrh pulled back her bow and took aim. The arrow ricocheted off the Snare and hit the nearest wall. The amazon tried again, launching another arrow, but the result was the same.
While the creature was distracted, Nix made his way to the body of his cocooned elfin comrade and pulled the pouch from his dead grip. The soul jar was safe. Nix turned to see the Snare rip the amazons body in half, then it encased the corpse in its secretion.
Vanare and Arye both held back, unsure of what to do as the Snare turned its attention back to Lianna. 
Nix ran toward the creature and spotted its rust-colored underbelly. He dropped to the ground and slid beneath the thing as it crawled to Lianna.
He lifted his sword, holding it above himself as the Snare arched back to attack the still prone amazon queen. The blade plunged into soft flesh when the creature came down to finish its kill. A hideous shriek filled the air. Nix retracted his sword and thick pus poured down his arms and gushed across his face. The creature reeled back. All of its legs flailed madly. A desperate squeal followed.
Myrrh saw her chance. She shot at the Snares belly as it pulled back, nailing it to the rock-encrusted wall behind it with her arrow, then another, and another.  Vanare hurled himself across the chamber and drove his sword into the creature.  More white fluid poured onto the ground then spattered the group as they scrambled away.
The Snare buckled and twitched a few times. Its three eyes blinked in stunned agony. A roar escaped it and the wall behind it began to crumble. The chamber shook and trembled. Stalactites tore from the ceiling and plunged to the ground below.
Nix pulled Lianna to her feet, escorting her out of the path of a falling stalactite. They joined the others heading back down the tunnel, and climbed up to the entrance as fast as they could. The entire tunnel quaked as the heard the Snare pull free of the wall and scuttle after them. Boulders and rubble rained down from the ceiling. The tunnel imploded and the pit caved in on itself, trapping the Snare as they escaped.
###
We lost two of our number, Nix said, as the group caught its breath near the foot of the mountains. We must not let this hinder us. The danger will only get greater.
No one answered. Lianna stared into Nixs eyes again. Thoughts of how he rescued her twice in the lower depths spun in her head. It had been a long time since she'd connected with a male of any race. Nix was different. Something radiated inside him. She wondered what kind of father he would make.
Pulling herself back, Lianna listened as Nix finished his rally and prepared to ascend Baneridge Mountains.  
Hours of steep climbing, hiding in the shadows, and scaling dangerous terrain delivered them to a notch where several mounts came together. The group halted and listened to the soft sound of drums. Through a crevice, they spotted a Gibbelin war party dancing about a crimson fire. Their animal skins swayed in blistering winds. Their pig-like noses sniffed at the air as they grunted. 
Gibbelins were weak willed and cowardly, and only served the dark queen out of fear. Their true nature was to scavenge and steal from others, rather then engage in direct combat.
The group watched them dance and celebrate, until footsteps sounded behind them. On the rock-encrusted path, a Gibbelin made his way forward, with a fresh kill slung over his shoulder. He was supplying the nights meal to the war party. Alarmed, the group scrambled to hide, except Lianna. She remained behind and caught the Gibbelin in her sights.
His eyes widened with surprise as the Gibbelin glared at the vision of beauty before him. Gibbelins, also notoriously lustful creatures, always had a soft spot for amazons. Lianna knew this well.
Greetings, she whispered. I seem to have lost my way. Do you think you can help me? She winked, then beckoned him closer as she gently ran her hands over her curvaceous body.
Grunts escaped him as he dropped the meat and reached for her. As his fingers brushed her flesh, Nix sprang from behind a boulder and tackled the creature to the ground.
After slicing his throat, Nix wiped the blood on the beasts animal skins and gestured to Vanare that it was safe. Well done, Nix said to Lianna, admiring her physique as much as the Gibbelin had.
After taking care of the meat bringer, they moved away from the war party and circumvented it, confident that the Gibbelins would not be alarmed while they waited endlessly for their food.
They were wrong.  A net dropped over the group, weighted down with stones like a bolo. A second war party spied them from the cliffs above and launched a trap. The first party forget their celebration and joined the first, overwhelming the group.
Spiked clubs and serrated swords clattered. Grunts and snorts formed a chorus of excited mockery and rage. There was no hope of resisting. Nix and his group were put into chains and led into the midst of the peaks.
The Gibbelins marched the group into the daylight hours and into the next night. They traveled up and over the mountains, scaling dangerous cliffs, avoiding landslides and stopping for breaks. Ultimately, they brought them to a flat area near the top of the mountains. There they chained them to monolithic stones. Soon after, the Gibbelins removed all supplies and weapons from the group, including the three soul jars. Everything was thrown into a pile where it would be divided among the strongest. A few of the Gibbelins were already fighting over the bounty.
Enough! The largest of the Gibbelins stepped out of the horde. All eyes turned towards him. Silence washed over the mountain. His ears were pierced with bronze pins and chains. In his nostrils he wore a bone bleached of all flesh, polished to sparkling perfection. He exuded dominance and confidence. 
After the calm, he addressed Nix and his comrades. You are a mighty catch! The clan leader will reward me greatly. Your goods make wondrous Gibbelin spoils. To thank the dark queen, you will be our sacrifice!
You worship her! Nix cried, pulling on his chains, wanting to lash out. She is not a God...you will be next when she is done!.
Only cackling answered his cries. A bonfire was ignited as drums began beating and daggers were sharpened. The Gibbelins worked themselves into a frenzy, for the killing time drew near.
Nix looked over at Lianna, and their eyes met. Despair left its mark on her face. She strained against her bonds, but it was no use. 
Vanares fairy wings dimmed. Nix gritted his teeth and got Vanares attention. Do not give up.
We are doomed, Vanare whispered.
Nix turned to stare at the three pouches containing the soul jars, scattered among their supplies. He looked up at the triple moons rising behind the cloud-capped peaks. His heart fluttered. His veins pulsed. He squirmed and struggled, but the chains held strong. 




Eyes of the Unseen

In the center of a narrow, dank room with high ceilings stood a font supported on the back of a monstrous, stone spider. It was intricately carved out of black marble, with eight twisted legs arching to raise it off the floor. The walls surrounding the structure were studded with sconces. 
Slowly Sinnia made her way down a short flight of marble step, a swarm of spiders trailing behind her. She peered into the font and stared into black water within. Its surface glimmered with the light of the sconces.
Sinnia waved her spindly fingers over the water and it rippled. A scene formed. Murky at first then sharper as the water calmed. She gazed at the battle on the plains. Edon and his army pushed back the first wave and braced for more. They organized, created barriers and discussed strategy, while panting for air. Weary from battle, they kept their scarred faces low. 
The dark queen smiled, undaunted. Do they not know that this time it is all useless? A spider crawled across her neck and over her shoulder. She sighed. They cannot win, but let them try. All who oppose me will be dust soon enough. Just as those in the other worlds are. They too tried to make war against me, used every weapon their arsenal all for naught. My minions are unending. They have yet to see the nightmares that await
She lifted her hand over the water again. Her eyes shifted from yellow to glowing white. Arise my pets. I need your service. Destroy those who threaten me. Spitters arise!
The Spitters awakened. Enormous spiders that spat acidic venom from long or short range. They crawled from their lairs--out of hollowed trees, from beneath deadfalls, from every decayed and filth-ridden part of the fallen lands. The nightmarish beasts rose to her aid and headed for the plains.
###
The Amazon Shamaness Juni went to Edons side between the attacks. Something far worse is coming for us. 
Let them come, Edon growled, a newfound rage burned inside him. He wiped the sweat from his brow defiantly and glared at the dark blood on his sword.
A host of new nightmares journey over the horizon. Juni muttered another spell to herself as a rumble resounded in the distance.
Edon clanked his sword against his shield. His face was soiled with the scourge of war. His body was peppered with bruises. Scratches and bites were crusted with dried blood. He turned to discover the amazon warrior still by his side, so he smiled. I am called Edon.
I am Cyan, she said. It is an honor to fight with you. I have not met a warrior that could keep pace with me.
It is I who is honored. He winked at her.
Their attention was drawn to the advancing horde. A cloud of dust choked the land as the spitters made their appearance, leading the way for the rest of the dark armies. Pitch-black bodies speckled with white blotches. These poisonous spiders attacked, spitting their venom in searing streams.
Elf and amazon alike burned as soon as the acid hit their flesh. Limbs melted, hair dissolved, skin seared as they died emitting gargling screams. The acid ate through armor, ate through bodies, and devoured bones and organs beneath.
A wave of venom shot directly at Edon and Cyan. The two braced for death, until Juni stepped before them. She held up both of her hands and an energy shield encircled all three of them. The venom splashed against the shield, but was unable to penetrate the magic.
Push them back! Edon cried, breaking through the shield and slashing the stunned spiders. His blade cut the first dog-sized spitter in half. Both pieces smoldered as it collapsed. A second spitter rose up behind him. 
Cyan launched herself into the air and landed on the creatures back. She drove her sword right through its head with such force she pinned it to the ground. Edon looked up at her bright face and blazing eyes. They made him feel alive. He bowed to her briefly then helped her off the dying beast.
Edon and Cyan stood side by side, facing the newest onslaught together. More Ebon warriors marched in formation behind the spitters, and the lizard men lurked behind them in a chaotic frenzy. 
A volley of missiles screeched through the air. Tridents, spears, hatchets assaulted the amazons and their elfin comrades. Spitters sprayed the wounded, sending them into agonizing death.
The land smoked and burned. The air grew thick and hot, ripe with the smell of decay. Black-winged scavengers circled the skies. Screams, screeches, and desperate pleas fashioned a cacophony that cluttered the senses. But Edon clung to their only hope. Nix and his group. He wondered how close they were to Sinnia. He wondered how long he and his army could hold off the darkness.
Edon swung hard and split the lizard man before him in half. Behind him Cyan dodged the battleaxe of an Ebon warrior, then rolled to the ground to slice both of its legs. It fell to its knees as she climbed to her feet. She drove her sword through its chest without mercy.
Still with me? Edon asked.
No other place I would rather be.
I could think of a few, Edon called above the din. I do not know how long we can hold here. Without food and rest, I fear we will all grow weary.
Hope. Do you feel it, Edon? It is alive in each of us.
Edon went to speak, but his eyes widened and a chill shot down his spine. He leapt onto Cyan and forced her to the ground. A spear soared over their heads. A scream caught their attention.
They looked up to see Juni tumble to the ground, the spear protruding from her left side. Edon jumped up and raced to Junis aid. He dragged her off the battlefield and behind a great tree.
How bad are you? 
It is not fatal, Juni said. 
Can you heal yourself?
No. I am barred from using magic on myself. I must let nature heal my wounds.
Cyan knelt at Junis side. She called a few amazon warriors to encircle them. She is to be protected outside the battle. Let nothing touch her.
Edon looked into Cyans eyes. Hope. Is it alive in you?
###
The Gibbelin drums stopped abruptly. The largest one again eyed Nix and the others before taking a ceremonial spear into his hands, iron rings jingled around it. He shook it in front of his brethren and they cheered and roared, shaking their weapons, frothing from their thick, fanged lips.
The leader danced wildly around his war parties, paying homage to the dark queen as he looked up into the skies. Hear us, dark one! We make this offering to you, our queen! Sinnia see us! Bestow your graces. Sinnia see us! Send your power!
Nix whispered to Lianna beside him. We have only one way to survive this.
Make me believe it. Her eyes kept watch on their gear and soul jars, now in a pile in the center of the Gibbelins.
I will plead to the true kings of the mountain
They will not hear you. Lianna shook her head. They retreated from the world ages ago.
It is still their world, too. The Gargoyles will hear me.
Vanares antennae twitched. They are neutral. They will no longer interfere in any races affairs. Their own strife and warring nature nearly destroyed them. The Gargoyles watch and observe. That is all.
There will be nothing left to watch, Nix said, his anger rising. They cannot just watch everything diehear me Nix looked up at the rocks above them, the cliffs, the ledges, and the summit of the mountain. I know you are watching. You are always watching. Do not let this happen. If we fail, there will be nothing left. The beauty will turn to darkness. The forests will be no more. The waters will dry up. All life will fall at her hands. Be a part of our realm again. Pleasehelp us. It is your world, too.
The jeers and roars ceased. The Gibbelin leader walked up to Ayre, licked his lips, and drew back his spear. Without hesitation he plunged it into the elf, skewering him alive. Ayre wailed in agony before coughing up blood.  He sighed before drawing his last breath then fell limp. The Gibbelin ripped out the spear and set his eyes on Nix.
He stepped in front of the elfin leader and drew back his spear. A cracking resounded above them. Great stone wings unfurled slowly from the rock face. A shower of rubble poured to the ground as a Gargoyle dropped between Nix and the Gibbelin leader, towering over them both.
The Gibbelins eyes widened with shock. He stared up at a massive head crowned with horns. Pale alabaster eyes stared back, and he brandished his spear. Before he could strike, the Gargoyle seized him by the throat with a clawed hand and lifted him from the ground. The Gargoyle bellowed with a thunderous roar and snapped the Gibbelins neck in one twist. He threw the body over his shoulder and turned to the rest of the army.
Terror and rage washed through the Gibbelin war parties. They charged with weapons aloft, but to their surprise hundreds of Gargoyles stepped from the rock walls and soared to meet them.
Blades shattered against stone flesh. War clubs splintered as the Gargoyles clashed with the Gibbelins, lifting them into the sky and hurling them off the top of the mountains. Screams echoed, claws slashed, and the Gibbelins were quickly no more.
The Gargoyles freed the group from their bonds. Nix stood before the nearly eight foot tall creatures and bowed his head. We thank you. All of Orum thanks you.
There was no response from the Gargoyles. They stared in mute indifference and slowly climbed back into the mountains, melding with the rock, returning to the stolid silence.
The group gathered their weapons and soul jars then continued their journey. They paid respect to the body of Ayre and buried him on the summit, before descending on the other side of the peaks. 
Few words were exchanged between them. They still reeled from the awesome sight of the Gargoyles.
The last four of the leaders rested on the west side of the Banebridge mountains, eating bread and sharing water, unsure of what waited for them below.
###
Nix and the others reached the Orum coast. The waves of the great ocean Tannis swelled and broke over jagged rocks and low cliffs. To their left, the blue-green water stretched as far as the eye could see. Along the grassy lands overlooking the ocean sat the ruins of three great castles. So huge and encompassing, they were more like dead cities than castles.
I am afraid we must go through the ruins, Vanare said, floating just above the ground. The ocean is on one side, and the land is impassible on the other side of these ruins. His antennae twitched again.
Aye, Lianna said. It is a straight line through. She bent to the ground and felt the dirt with her hands. There is a disturbance in the energy here. I wish Juni were with us.
Who knows what horrors lie within the ruins, Vanare added.
There is only one way to find out, Nix said. Our bellies are full. Our thirst is quenched. We carry on. He drew his sword and headed off.
So headstrong, Vanare said.
He is a natural leader, Lianna said. I admire that in him. She followed.
The group passed through the devastated courtyards. Briar patches, weeds, crab grass, and thorn-laden blood vines choked the pathways and arches. Beyond that Ure Castle waited. They stared at the crumbling watchtowers and spires, unsteady balconies and vacant parapets. Faded white stone and black mortar met in moss-infested walls. The collapsed gates across a drawbridge allowed them an easy if not hesitant entry.
Inside they found a circular-shaped courtyard. A bloodstained fountain that had not seen water in ages sat in its center. Salty ocean breezes blew the scent of decay through the open space. Wooden doors encircled them. Some sat closed, while others yawned wide open, spilling out thick swatches of darkness and shadows.
They decided on a set of double doors ahead of them. The entrance screeched open on ancient hinges, stopping halfway, frozen by rust. The group squeezed through, into a long hall where the light died and the air grew thick. A place where quiet shapes danced and phantoms played in the murk that clung to the vaulted ceilings.
Nix and Vanare grasped for the long abandoned torches on the walls nearest them. They used their flint to bring light into the hall of lost memories and damnation. Flames flickered across cracked walls and the shadows grew longer.
The group moved on, watching their every step, clutching their weapons to the point of pain. At the end of the hall, an archway open to a set of stairs that burrowed deeper into the decayed fortress. A curtain of cobwebs shrouded the arch.
Lianna stepped through the webs first. Armed with a bow, her remaining companion, Myrrh, followed directly behind. Vanare and Nix protected the rear and lit the stairway as the group descended.
Silvery strands glinted in the torchlight. Cocoons hung from the ceilings, suspending plump meals in midair. Nix saw them wriggle gently. He said nothing to the others.
At the bottom of the stairs they entered a network of halls and rooms. Rotting wooden beams supported the low ceilings, but they were collapsed in some places. Something unsettling lingered here, and they could sense it.
Half-eaten corpses littered the floor and walls. Both fairies and elves met their final stand here. They were obviously trailed to their weapons, and fell in a valiant effort to push back the scourge. Fairy wings were torn from bodies. Elfin arms were bitten clean off.  Then they were strung up by glossy spider webs. Hollow eyes gawked at the group. Open mouths frozen in eternal screams were stuffed with webbing. 
Inside one cocoon, baby spiders fed on an unrecognizable form. Vanare lifted his bare foot and began squashing the vermin with rage. More cocoons lined the halls in the distance. Some had arms protruding from them.
The surrounding rooms contained barracks and armories. Weapons of every caliber had rusted to the walls or were scattered on the floor. 
On the wall nearest them, the body of an elf twitched behind a shroud of webs. The movement caught Nixs attention. He brought his torch up and illuminated the grotesque display. Beneath silken strands, Nix watched something squirm under the victim's translucent skin. Upon closer inspection he discovered it was tiny spiders feeding on the half-alive elf.
Pity filled Nix, but was quickly replaced by rage. He fought back revulsion at the thought of his brothers used as feeding and birthing grounds for the eight-legged abominations. 
Neverrraaaaahhhh! He slashed his sword across the elfs body, ending his suffering. But his hacking did not stop. He took out of his frustration, his fear, his doubt on the corpse. The others turned and watched, mute with horror and sympathy. No one moved to stop him
Until the wall of web cracked and crumbled. A thunderous roar ripped through the quiet as a giant, black spider burst through the wall. It shrieked at the death of its young and lunged for Nix.
Stunned and overcome with emotion, Nix stumbled and fell as the spider came at him. The others leapt into action. Vanare soared through the air, landing behind the spider, slashing his sword across its massive hide. Myrrh shot her arrows true, sinking two into the beast. The spider turned to the fairy and amazon as Lianna dragged Nix out of the fray and helped him to his feet. 
The monster rushed Vanare and Myrrh, forcing them into an adjacent hall. It burst through a brick archway, causing a cave-in. A pile of stone and dirt poured across the doorway, sealing the trio within.
Lianna raced to the door, her heart pounding. No! Myrrh, Vanare! She pounded on the debris, but it was impenetrable. Nix joined her and swiped his sword against the blockage. Roars and screeches resounded on the other side. 
Come, he said to her. Well go down the opposite hall and see if it circles back.
Lianna and Nix rushed down the corridor on the other side of the chamber. Midway they plummeted through the floor, into a pit camouflaged perfectly by black webs. The calling card of the trapdoor spider.
The trapdoor spider dugout pits and covered them with dark webs that blended in with their surroundings. Once the prey fell through the pit and into their web, they would latch themselves onto it and devour at will.
Lianna fell through the web and hit the ground, rolling onto soft dirt and mud. Nix was not so lucky. She glanced up to see him hanging from the rafters, tangled in the spiders trap. A brown trapdoor spider crawled across the ceiling toward him. He tried to reach his sword, but he was unable to free his arms.
The Amazon Queen could not reach him with her sword. She looked around the room, scanning the skeletal bodies of previous victims. A spear rested in the arms of a rotting elf. Lianna pulled it from his brittle hand, snapping it off, and rushed back to Nix. 
The spider crawled onto Nixs chest and bared its fangs. Lianna took the spear into both hands and thrust it as hard as she could above her head. It plunged through the creature. Black pus dripped to the floor as a squeal, like that of a pig on the farms of Liannas homeland, escaped the spider. Lianna hoisted the beast from the ceiling and hurled it across the room, where she finished it off.
Nix hung silently, swaying back and forth. Lianna walked beneath him.
I suppose you would like to come down now? She smirked.
That would be nice.
You asked for it. She swiped the tip of the spear around the thinnest part of the web until the strands ripped. 
Nix plummeted to the floor. He tucked and rolled, regaining his footing unharmed. I thank you for my life, my lady. He bowed to the Amazon Queen, who smiled almost shyly.
Their eyes met briefly and Lianna began to lean in for a kiss, but Nix noticed more of the dead around him. I curse these creatures and their young! He spat as he gave the area the once over. 
Lianna came up behind Nix and placed her hand on his shoulder. They will all perish. I promise you that. Once we destroy the queen, they will all fall to dust
If we ever face her. Each delay costs more lives. Were running out of time. Nix sat down on wooden barrel lined with iron. Every moment more of our people die. We need to reach her fortress.
We will. Lianna sat on the floor beside him. She will not escape her crimes. Just as before, our ancestors will destroy her.
I always told Edon to have hope. We would win with unity, faith, and courage. Have I been a fool?
Never. Your words are true. We knew this journey would not be easy. As soon as we find Vanare and Myrrh, we will make our way to Sinnia.
Aye. He sighed. What is this place? Where are we?
She searched for an answer, but found none.
###
Sinnia wove her hand over the waters of her font and the scene shifted. She now gazed on Nix and Lianna. You are in the den of the dead, my dear Nix. You are but a meal for my children. She laughed quietly to herself as she watched the two talk. Let them come. I will enjoy watching them die, if they make it out of castle Ure alive. The song will never be sung, so let them come.
Her eyes again glowed white as she wiggled her black fingers over the font. She turned and left, returning to her throne room. Against the wall, Salane remained prisoner of the disembodied arms. Her head hung limp. Her hair was matted to her face. 
Sinnia walked up to the fairy and lifted her head. Salanes eyes fluttered and she woke. 
Theyre coming to make war on me. Have you heard? The leading races of your realm have sent their kings and queens. But you are here? Sinnia giggled softly. They know not of the odds against them. They are doubly wrong. Only the ancestors can sing the song of victory, thus spelling my doom. They are but ashes now. Long since perished. Without the true leader of the fairies, they can never defeat me. I only hope you live long enough to witness the fall of your world. It is a splendor only a few have seen.
Salane turned her head away. I do not hear you, foul one.
Mad laughter erupted as Sinnia pulled back her hand and stepped to her throne. Behind her, in the dark, a shadow stirred. Salane pulled against her restraints, and muffled cries dwindled.
Past and Present Collide

Shrieks rose across the battlefield, as Edon watched more Ebon warriors and lizard men file onto the plains. Over the horizon more spider riders came, followed by spitters, shadow spiders, and widows. Foot soldiers marched alongside the lizard men, and gathered in the distance.
Edons army drove the hordes back again for a third time, but it was still not enough. Between skirmishes the elves and amazons caught their breath. Cyan remained by Edons side. She gasped for air as her chest heaved. She tended to a gash in her left arm, but readied for more carnage.
Their numbers keeps increasing, Edon said, drawing his sword against his shield.
The dark queen can create them at will, Cyan said. We are of this realm. Her magic is not.
We cannot endure for much longer.
I will fight until my last breath, Cyan spat. I will perish protecting our beloved lands. She will not get them easily.
She looked over the horizon at the increasing number of enemies--tens of thousands of them. Her brow furrowed and she sighed. There is one thing, however, that I must do before I die.
What is that? asked Edon.
She leaned over and kissed him, long and deep. A tingle shot up Edons spine while he basked in her essence. All sound seemed to dwindle. Everyone else vanished. They were the only two beings in the world at that moment, until the ground beneath their feet trembled. The edge of the forest buckled. A rumble filled their ears, and all manner of evil charged toward them.
Juni lifted her head with great effort, glimpsing the battle through the great trees. She uttered one last spell and pointed to the first wave of hulking spiders as they reached Edon and his army.
A wall of fire burst between the two armies, catching some of the arachnid nightmares and scorching their hides. Screeches filled the air. The spitters advanced on the fire quickly and spat their acid, attempting to douse the flames. Junis eyes fluttered. Unable to muster any more strength, she passed out, her magic weakened.
Edon and Cyan brandished their swords and braced their shields, preparing for the final onslaught.
###
I am not sure what this place is, Lianna said. I believe it is the lower reaches of the castle, but it does not seem like the dungeons.
No, not at all, Nix said. It does not appear to belong. He noticed a difference in the walls of the lower level and the ruins above them. There is something on these walls. Drawings of some kind.
Lianna got up and used her flint to light the old sconces around them. They are glyphs. Ancient ways of writing history and storytelling. Our ancestors made them. She returned to the floor beside him. 
Nix leaned over to feel the wall nearest him, but he toppled.
Lianna reached out to stop him. Instead she was dragged to the floor with him. Both laughed, locking arms. A moment of silence passed between them. The ocean sounded outside. Waves crashed. The wind's howl seemed haunted by emotion. 
Nix broke the stillness: Why did our people once make war on each other? Why did we hate each other?
It was many years before I was born, said Lianna. I am not really sure.
Our legends say it had something to do with our races splitting. I heard that we were one race long ago. All three of us--elf, fairy, and amazon. When we split into our three races, a war started.
We have similar legends. But it was not three races. It was four. The race that beget us was the fourth.
Nixs eyes widened and he sat up. This cannot be true. We were one into three--like the trinity that is Orum. Our three oceans, three forests, three moons. The leadership races were born of the three moons once worshiped by our races. The first moon to rise belonged to the elves, the second to the amazons, and the third to the fairies. This is the story of our creation passed from generation to generation.
You have forgotten the sun. The fourth race was born of the sun. We split from that race to the three we are now. See herethe glyphs tell the story of our creation. Lianna got up and walked to the wall, brushing the dust and cobwebs aside to examine the drawings. Lookthe fourth race is here. Among us.
Nix joined her and ran his hand gently over the faded colors and etchings. Figures held spears, hunted food, danced in circles, and held religious ceremonies. The two leaders followed the glyphs around the room, discovering the representations of each of the races, including the fourth one. The fourth race interacted with the other three, mingled with them, lived with them.
They are taller than elves, Nix said. They differ from the rest of the races.
Yes, I see it too.
Where are they then? Where did they go?
They left Orum for another realm. Their shamans opened a doorway and they fled our world. It had become too warlike. The races did not connect. They resisted coexistence in those days. It is so different now.
These drawings are not from my people, Nix said.
Nor mine. It must be from them. This place. This is why it looks different. These are not lower chambers.
The elves and faireswe built our castles over the ruins of the lost race?
Yes, Lianna said. The two walls do not match. She pointed to a patch of brick where it met stone and mud.
This is astounding. I cannot believe what we have discovered. A smile drew across Nix's face.
Lianna smiled back. It warmed her heart and soul. His face was so beautiful. His raven tresses, like all elves, circled his glowing face. His round dark eyes were engaging, enchanting. She lifted her hand to caress his soft skin. 
The Amazon Queen moved toward Nix and kissed him. She enjoyed the taste of his lips. The smell of his flesh. Nix was stunned. He pulled himself away from Lianna, his eyes wide, his mouth agape. I am honored queen of the amazons, but
But? Lianna muttered. It has been many years since I have found a being as remarkable as you. I have yet to bear daughters. A queen without a princess.
I am swept away by your beauty, but I cannot. My wife awaits my return.
As she should. As would I if I were she.
It is not your fault. Sinnia has stricken us all. None of us can bear children. Her evil has changed our very existence. It has stolen the future of our races. This is what we are fighting for.
And fight we must, Lianna said, forgetting about the kiss. She must die.
Come. We must find our way out of here.
The soft scrape of a booted foot against stone caught their attention. Nix and Lianna discovered walking dead surrounded them. Their vacant eyes glowed with white light, but they were summoned by dark magic. Skeletal arms held swords, axes, maces and spears. Rusted armor clanked. 
Lianna and Nix launched into action, hacking their way through the undead horde as best as they could. Nix decapitated the dead elf that swung his mace at him, then kicked a fairy corpse behind him to the floor.
Lianna hacked the arms off the dead in front of her, before toppling one over the barrels that lined the back wall. Nix flipped onto the barrel next to him and took out another undead as three more clamored for him. The more dead the two put down, the more poured into the room.
There are too many, Nix called. We have to find a way out of here.
Agreed. Lianna gestured for Nix to retreat with her to the next room. He did a back flip off the barrel, as she kicked a host of barrels into the path of the dead. 
The two of them raced through a doorway into the next room. More undead waited within, scuffling toward them, swinging weapons with great effort. Ribbons of flesh hung from ravaged faces. Mouths with black tongues gaped. A dead archer launched an arrow, and they ducked just as it skimmed their heads.
They were surrounded on all sides. The walking dead choked the air from the room. Lianna and Nix stood back to back, watching the warriors close in on them from every direction. 
A cracking echoed in the room and a hole burst through the ceiling. A shower of debris poured in as Vanare, carrying Myrrh on his back, soared down. He circled around the dead and unleashed his fairy dust--a glittery substance secreted from the glands beneath his wings. 
The dust blanketed the undead horde, temporarily blinding and halting them. Myrrh hopped off Vanares back and pulled back her bow. She shot the dead one by one in rapid fire. Each one exploded as the arrow struck. Limbs and other body parts sailed through the air.
Vanare landed on his feet and swung his sword at the dead, now frozen in place. One by one the corpses fell back to their eternal sleep, never to rise again.
Ho! Nix called. That was magnificent. We thought you both had become that spiders next meal.
The only thing it tasted was the steel of my blade. Vanare pulled his sword from the last pile of skin and bones and went to Nix. The two locked arms in joyous greeting.
Myrrh slung her bow around her shoulder and headed to greet her queen. The head of an axe caught her in the chest. A walking dead, missed by Vanares dust, lurched from the corner.
By the Gods! Lianna cried. She rushed to catch Myrrh as she fell. Blood poured like a river, soaking them both. Myrrh gasped for air as she writhed in Liannas arms. No my fine warriordo not leave me. She pulled the axe from Myrrhs chest and threw it across the room.
Nix and Vanare disposed of the last walking corpse and watched as Myrrh died in her queens arms. In this heart of decay, they all wept, until Lianna gathered enough strength to stand. She left Myrrh behind to rest with the other ghosts of the ruins.
###
Nix, Lianna and Vanare resumed their journey. Now, they were all that remained of the group. They journeyed through the empty halls and living quarters of a mysterious peoplehunters, inventors, painters and craftsmen. Traces of their culture, dating back thousands of years, were buried beneath the advancement and magic of the new races. All of who were unaware of what they had buried within their dark history. The legends they all shared, laced with truth, grounded in tradition, were incomplete. These stories left out the most important participants--the real ancestors.
The trio found a network of underground castles and citadels, courtyards and towns, each connected to the other. Tunnels fashioned roads that were obviously used for trade, commerce, and escape routes. Just as Nix and his group used them now to escape the phantoms of the past.
When they reached the surface, they discovered they had traversed all three castles. Stunned disbelief resonated through the group. They had come so far in such a short time. It was as if they were in a new land. They stared mute at the ruins of the third castle, looming behind them like a memory. Sunlight streamed through it, bathing everything in its warmth. A welcomed blessing, although short lived. 
Dark clouds slowly stretched across the sky, swallowing the sun. The air grew cold, and the group turned as a great shadow fell upon them. Crowned with dead trees, a stolid, gray hill of rubble and dirt stood against the horizon. What they had been seeking all along lay on its other side. They felt as if theyd been traveling for months. At last the time had come.
Everything around them was now a wasteland. Life was snuffed from every crevice, every blade of grass, every pebble of sand. No other place could possibly be more appropriate for her to reside. It was just as they imagined. Land of the dead, birthplace of shadows, necropolis, the center of the web.
It had all come down to this. Through this gloom, beyond a nest of soul eaters and a bed of bones, her fortress rose proud and defiant. A scar built from a thousand wars, it was an obstruction to life and love. 
They heard the stories, the rumors. They'd gathered what little information they could from spies that had actually lived to speak, and woe it was true. 
Nix stared through the dead trees as if they were not even there. And she waits. He took his first step toward the hill.
Lair of the Spider Queen

It took hours of exhausting climbing to cross over the hill. A cruel deception made the hill appear shorter than it was. The illusion acted as a final defense. 
It towered starkly over them, Sinnia's fortress of all fortresses. A black fog of death crowned its spires and hellish towers. Its windows were gaping eyes keeping watch for intruders.
Intruders such as these three that now stood before it, almost mystified by the dread that emanated from it. They could find no real way into the castle, seeing no apparent gate or doors. So Vanare offered his services.
The windows, he whispered. The only way into the heart of darkness is up there. He pointed at the towers above them. I will take us there.
Are you sure? Nix asked.  I mean, we are three and
Fear not my friend. Fairy strength is more resilient than you think. Come. Vanare took Nix into his arms and soared into the air.
I am learning much about fairies these days, Nix said as Vanare scaled the closest tower and brought him to the ledge of the first window. Returning to Lianna, Vanare scooped her into his arms and brought her to the window as well. The outer membranes of Sinnia's wicked lair had at last been penetrated.
Massive stairs coiled up into the blackness. Torches lined the room they crouched in. Meat hooks dangled all around them. The very sight of this sickened Lianna. The three unsheathed their swords, preparing for any horror that may lurk in the dark.
They took the stairs, fighting their way through tapestries of spider webs. The smell of rotting flesh filled the air. The taste of blood and carnage laced their lips.
At the top of the stairs, they stepped into a hall that slithered ahead in endless twists and turns. As they followed it, footsteps caught their attention.
Ducking into the shadows and behind a stone pillar, they watched as a row of Ebon warriors plowed past. Behind them they dragged a group of fairies in chains. Beaten and depressed, the fairies followed. Their wings were frayed and dim. Their bodies were peppered with bruises and seeping with wounds. There was no struggle for escape, no resistance. The fairies allowed themselves to be led. They already wore the look of defeat on their faces.
The horde started down the stairs. Sighs of relief escaped Nix and Lianna. Vanare, however, was filled with rage.  We must rescue them.
We cannot, Nix said. 
Of course we can. We must. Those are my people. There are so few of us left now.
Which is why we cannot save them now, Nix said. This delay could cost us the entire realm. You see? We must destroy Sinnia once and for all. Only then will everyone be safe. Our best way of helping them is to finish our mission. Every moment we delay, more of our people die.
Vanare started toward the warriors, eyes enflamed, muscles tense. Hatred burned inside of him, flooding his every vessel, every thought. He tried to shove his way past his comrades, but Nix and Lianna gently tugged at his arms. 
Vanare Nix whispered. My friend. You know I speak the truth. You know we can do them no good now. We cannot sacrifice our chance for them. They would not want this.
Tears welled in Vanares eyes.
I know, Nix said. I lost so many friends to her. It is a pain that never dies.
I want her to die.
She will my friend. She will.
The three of them gathered in a circle and prayed to their Gods, locking arms for the last time. They slipped back out of the shadows and continued through the great hall.
From within the dense blackness, a wooden door emerged. Nix maneuvered over to it. He pressed his ear to it, but heard nothing. He held is hand up to the others, signaling he was going to force it open. Lianna and Vanare braced themselves and their swords.
Inside Nix discovered an oak table stretching the length of the room.  The room was a banquet hall. The table in the center of it hosted a variety of somber candelabras and was cluttered by all manner of dishes. There were goblets filled with blood, and chipped plates holding decayed flesh. The top of the table squirmed.
The trio entered the room, scaled around one side of the table, and spotted thousands of baby spiders feeding from the dishes. Dripping caught their attention, drawing their gaze upward. Plump, bulbous cocoons hung from the ceiling, glistening red. Drops of blood spilt onto the table like rain. A rank smell filled the room, thick and heavy. 
I think I am going to be sick. Lianna clutched her stomach. She lowered her sword in a moment of weakness.
Steady. Nix took hold of her arm. Let us hasten our leave. There is nothing for us here.
Blackened windows circled the room, shadows danced on the other side of the glass as light glowed behind them. The windows rattled with the gust of blistering wind.  They watched the panes with care, expecting something out of a nightmare to come crashing into the room. 
Beyond the far end of the table, they found an alcove with a small door in it. The three of them entered a rotunda with dozens of stairways. Stone steps spiraled up into archways and vanished high into the ceiling.
The group started up one of the flights, drawn by the instinct that Sinnia reclined in the highest peaks of her monstrous towers. Scurrying echoed in the darkened niches. As they turned the first corner, Lianna caught a twinkle of light out of the corner of her eye. 
Wait, she whispered to the others and turned back. She noticed a stone door with carvings of arachnids adorning it. Beneath it, light glowed. Something is here.
Nix and Vanare turned and followed her back down this new set of stairs that led to the stone door. Lianna went first, against Nixs obvious objection. 
Excitement got the better of her.  She stopped just before bursting into the room. There is magic here. We must act now.
Wait, Nix said. There is something amiss.
Nothing is amiss. It is time to stop this evil once an for all. Lianna reached for the door as Nix moved to stop her.
His soul jar jumped on its braid. Nix froze and looked down at it. It quivered. He looked up at Lianna, finding her soul jar twitched as well.
You see, she said. We have found her! With that Lianna turned and threw open the door.
They threw themselves into the room but found only a set of marble steps leading down into a narrow space. No great room. No dark queen.
Slowly, the moved to a massive spider shaped font. A light shimmered from inside it. Lianna moved to it first and witnessed the black waters stirring within it. The glint of mysterious light entranced her.
Nix drew to it next with Vanare directly behind him. The trio gazed at the water and marveled. They had never seen the likes of it. The base of their soul jars glowed with white-hot light and jiggled.
She has been here, Lianna whispered.
She has been many places, Nix said. Near and far. I can feel it. I can feel the deaths of thousands. I can feel the destruction of many realms.
Our banishing of her Vanare said. Our ancestors threw her from this world and into another. Thus she moved to another and another, destroying them all, gaining her power beforebefore
The realm of the fourth race, Lianna said. She attacked and conquered it before punching her way back into ours. We only sent her into a slumber. A metamorphosis that started her second birth stage. Now she's more powerful than ever. 
Murky imagery appeared inside the font. But soon full scenes emerged. The trio saw great cities burning, bodies littering the streets. The dark queens brood fed on the carcasses, covering everything in their webs.
Look at it. Nix gasped, his mouth agape, his eyes wide. Its the realm of our ancestors. They have great cities with tall towers. Their carts have wings. They must have been able to fly in them.
They needed carts to fly, Vanare said. His wings fluttered.
Look. Lianna pointed. They had huge ships that crossed their oceans. Strange huts with windows and fences. Now all is still. Lifeless. She has left her mark on that world.
She will do the same to ours, Nix said. Enough. We must waste no more time.
Wait, Lianna said. The bodies the deadthey have male and femaleliving together. Taller than elf and fairy. By the Gods, we were once one race.
The legends are true, Nix whispered, as he stared at the image of a human man. 
###
An Ebon warrior fought his way through the carnage and roared straight for Edon. The smaller, battered elf caught sweeping motion from the corner of his eye and turned sharply. A battleaxe screamed through the air. Edon thrust his shield in front of him and the axe plunged into it, nearly shattering it. A crack splintered through his protection, but it stayed intact. The axe, however, remained stuck in the wood. Edon fell off his feet, as the warrior stomped closer still.
Cyan catapulted herself off a spitter spider, slashed its legs off, and finished it before noticing Edon in trouble. She flipped over an oncoming lizard man and thrust her sword behind her, impaling the beast. Then Cyan pulled her sword back and raced to Edons aid.
The Ebon warrior reached for the prone elf, but Cyan stepped in its way. It halted and gazed at her with a face of armor and iron. Red eyes blazed behind a masked helmet crowned with studs and barbs. Cyan lifted her sword, but the warrior took hold of her and hurled her out of its way.
The amazon slammed the ground hard, rolling across the battlefield as scavenger spiders nipped at her feet. She pulled herself up, and raged after the hunk of armor again as it pursued Edon relentlessly.
Cyan launched herself into the air and landed on its back. Barbs dug into her bare legs, drawing rivers of scarlet. She curled one arm around the warriors throat and drove her sword through its back with the other.
The Ebon warrior bucked and thrashed. It stumbled over lifeless bodies then flung Cyan over its head. She hit the ground again, but the blade of her sword protruded through the warriors chest this time, leaving her unarmed. The wind was knocked out of her. The warrior lifted its plated boot over her face
Edon crashed into the warrior headfirst, tackling it to the ground. He brought up the axe he had managed to dislodge from his shield. With both hands, he brought it down, beheading the warrior.
He extended his arm to Cyan, who took it graciously. They stood side by side, surveying the battle. The tide had turned against them.
We are taking heavy casualties, Edon said. And are greatly outnumbered.
Think of the ancestors. They defeated her. We can defeat her too. Our leaders will not fail us.
White Fern may fall before they succeed. My nightmares are before me.
Then be not afraid. All nightmares come to an end.
They smiled at each other and prepared to face the darkness, when a whistling caught Edons ears. He looked up to see a lizard mans trident scream through the air. It caught Cyan in the chest, taking her off her feet.
Cyan! Edon watched her fall in slow motion. Her eyes rolled back in her head. Her face was a mask agony. The amazon's sword tumbled from her grip in a horrible dance. Blood painted the ground red. She crumpled, and the foul weapon ripped through her shoulders and back when she hit the dirt.
Edon ran to her side. His heart dropped into his stomach, as he vibrated with rage and grief. His eyes welled with tears. He bent to his knees and took Cyans hand. Her breathing came rapid as her chest heaved. I will not lose you now. Not here. Not like this.
There is still breath within me, she whispered. I will fight until my last, as I have vowed.
Edon nearly laughed, despite the horror around him. That is the amazon in you.
I am your amazon. She smiled weakly.
By all of OrumI am losing everything. 
Edon wailed uncontrollably. He heard Sinnias forces all around him, closing in on him and Cyan, pushing back his valiant armies and drawing closer to Loden Forest.  He looked up at the trees and screamed. They trembled. A low rumble reverberated throughout the forest.
Movement flickered through the woods. Edon opened his eyes to witness the last of the fairies spring from the forest, soaring on gossamer wings that caught the weak rays of Orums sunlight. 
The fairies, hearing of the battle on the plains, joined the final fight, streaming into battle with full force. Male and female alike brought their halberds, spears, and sabers. Their light blue flesh darkened with bloodlust, as they clashed with lizard men, spiders and hulking warriors. They pushed the dark forces back from the edge of the forest, renewing the fight in the elfin and amazon army. 
Edon could not believe his eyes. His heart sang. His blood warmed his body as hope filled his soul.
He gazed down at Cyan as she clung to life. Her skin grew pale now. I must get you to safety.
Leave me she murmured.
Never. He lifted her gently into his arms and carried her away from the battle, into the forest. He set her down beside Juni in a makeshift tent the elfin women had built under the great trees. Before racing back to the battle, he kissed her cheek. 
Cyan prayed for his victory even as she lost consciousness.
###
The waters in the font rippled and blurred again. A moment later a new image formed. One of the oracles appeared. He wore a look of desperation.
Nix and the others were stunned. They clutched the side of the font as the oracle addressed them. Make haste. We can only hold this link momentarily, for her magic will break it. You must confront her now. Sinnia has almost gathered enough lives. For every kill her minions make, she feeds. She grows stronger, and is almost ready to enter her third and final birth stage. You must not allow it. We are unsure if she can be stopped at that point. She may become invulnerable. The vision is unclear. Gostop her now. She waits at the very top of the tallest tower. The stone steps will take you directly to her. There is no more time to waste.
The image faded out and the waters went still. Nothing but blackness greeted them now. They turned to one another and said not a word. There was no need to. Nix, Lianna, and Vanare left the viewing room and rushed up the set of steps in front of them.
At the very top of the tower, they found a giant set of iron doors that touched the ceiling. Beneath them glowed spectral light. They knew beyond those doors waited their destiny. Pride filled their hearts. Their muscles tensed and, before they even realized it, they were rushing the doors.
The three charged in with weapons raised, but soon came to an abrupt stop. For the first time, they looked upon her. She sat seductively in her throne, a perverse smile etched on her face. She was in her glory, and her dark beauty bedazzled them.
Soft laughter filled the room. Come in, she said. Ive been expecting you. The doors slammed shut behind them, snapping them out of their trance.
Two giant spiders drop from the ceiling and attacked. 
Leaping into action, the three battled the arachnids. Their enemies spit venom and spun webs, in hopes of catching this prey.  However, the giant horrors were ripped by cold steel until they were dead.
Sinnia laughed again. Fools! A multitude of voices emanated from her. You three believe yourselves capable of defeating me? The ancestors are dead, long dead, and I...am free.
This time you will die! Nix yelled.
Sinnia lifted her arms and an icy whirlwind swept into the room, lifting the three then sending them crashing to the marbled floor. They grimaced and writhed just feet away from her.
Vanare lifted his gaze and, to his shock, spotted his lost leader, Salane, held captive by a gaggle of grotesque arms. My lady... He reached out for her before being thrown into the air again. This time he hovered in midair.
Lianna and Nix struggled to cross the floor and reach their swords. A cracking reverberated in their ears.
Sinnia transformed before them. Her body shifted and wrinkled as bones stretched. Skin tore off her as new muscles formed. Eight spider arms sprouted from her body. She grew mandibles, while her back and abdomen hunched and bulged to enormous proportions.
The demon spider that was Sinnia shot a fiery web out at Vanare, dragging him right into her grip. Vanare swung his sword at her and caught one of her legs. Green blood spewed over him, burning his flesh.
His cries filled the throne room as Sinnia bit into his throat, tearing it open and devouring it. His fairys wings withered as all color drained from them. Vanare's body sagged in her grip as his life faded.
No! Lianna cried. We are doomed. It must be the three of us. Our proxy is invalid. We have failed.
I will not give up! Nix jumped to his feet. She must die. She must! He charged towards the demon spider.
Lianna... a weak voice called. All is not lost. 
The Amazon Queen turned to see the captive Salane. Something tingled in her pouch then. Lianna reached in and pulled out the talisman bag Juni had given her. It surged with power. She rushed over to the fairy leader and sprinkled the contents about the arms. Osiris, Munus, Octorion, Malfurious!
The arms boiled and smoke billowed. They shrank away, releasing the fairy leader. Thank you Lianna.
We must face Sinnia one last time! Lianna called as she raced to help Nix. Salane soared over to Vanares lifeless body and found the soul jar.
Sinnia caught Nix in her ferocious grip. She crushed the life from him as Lianna came up behind her and chopped one of her legs off. Green sprayed across the floor. 
Your jars! Salane called as she lifted into the air. Open your jars!
Nix managed to get one arm free. He grabbed hold of his soul jar and popped its lid off.
Lianna and Salane followed his lead and removed the lids off their jars as well. Great singing filled the throne room, as white foamy essence fluttered out of the containers. A vaguely humanoid shape formed inside this angelic radiance, then the essences filled each of their bodies. Now fairy, elf, and amazon thought as one, acted as one, and fought as one. They were united by the souls of their human ancestors.
Sinnias eyes widened with terror for the first time in centuries. She maneuvered her massive frame towards the iron doors, but it was too late.
Three swords cut into her at the same time. Green ran out like emerald rivers. Her screams came loud and horrendous, but were drowned out by the glorious song that shook the room.
Nix fell out of her grasp. He hit the floor, and Sinnia teetered above him, then came crashing down with immense force. Salane lifted him out of harms way, setting him safely at Liannas side. 
The three watched, tears in their eyes, as the spider queen scrambled on the floor, shaking and gasping her last breaths. In moments she was reduced to a puddle of pus and bubbling fluid. Puffs of steam wafted off her corpse.
Thunder rocked the castle as the mystical singing faded. The three leaders stood in a silent room, until a groan caught their attention. Something stirred in the dark. Someone moved behind Sinnias throne.
The three of them snapped to attention, lifting their swords. Lianna moved first, slowly rounding the other side of the throne. There she made a shocking discovery. Chained to the floor, a naked man writhed and groaned. By the Gods. She gasped. LeadersI believe something incredible is upon us. Come.
Nix and Salane rushed to her side and stared at the human man. It was the first time, since Orums birth, that a Fairy, Elf and Amazon had laid eyes on a human. 
Is he Nix could barely form words.
He is from the destroyed realm, Lianna said. The only survivor of the fourth race. She bent to the man, and he cringed away from her. Have no fear. What are you..I mean what kind of race are you?
He looked up at her, his face gaunt, his body malnourished. I am human.
Hu-man, Lianna said to the others. Hu-man is now part of Orum. Joy filled her heart. You will be healed. Your captor is dead.
Myworld she tried to kill us We have to go and save them.
The great leaders looked at one another. I am sorry, Nix said. It is too late. Your realm is gone.
Shock washed over his face before he broke down and cried. A baleful moan swept through the room and the fortress rumbled. The three took the cue to flee the fortress forever. 
Lianna smashed her sword across the mans chain and freed him from his bonds. She clothed him in a tapestry from the wall then sheathed her sword. With brute strength, she picked him up. He set his head on her chest and passed out. 
Come, Salane said. It is time for us to go. With an uncommon strength, Salane lifted Nix, Lianna and the human into the air. She carried them through the winding passages and dreary halls.
Bit by bit the castle began to fall. Cracks ripped through its foundation. Marble columns and stone pillars toppled like cards. The fairy queen carried her comrades through a window, into the night, and headed home. The saviors had done their job and done it well.
###
Sinnias minions fell soon after her destruction. On the plains, the great battle ceased. The elves, fairies, and amazons stopped in mid-attack and watched, enthralled as the Ebon warriors disintegrated into piles of hollow armor. They were no more than scrap metal now. Giant spiders dissolved into pools of pus, and the lizard men fled back to their subterranean lairs. As the sun's rays cut through the black mist, blades of grass sprouted on the plains.
Around the lands of Orum, the beauty slowly returned. The haunted forest bloomed as buds formed on the trees. The Gibbelins, snapped out of Sinnias sway, returned to their lives of looting and hiding.
Days later, when the leaders had returned from their mission, glowing with the spirits of their ancestors, the three races gathered for a thanksgiving. A new celebration unlike anything before, in the forests of the elves.
 Nix returned to White Fern, where he found Edon. The two embraced, exchanging tales of bravery. Then Nix made his way past his best friend, to his wife. She had waited what seemed like a lifetime for her hero to return. For the longest time they embraced and kissed, vowing to never be parted again.
Edon and Lianna watched and smiled. Sadness overshadowed Edons moment of joy. Lianna placed her hand on his shoulder. Come, she said to him. There is something I must show you.
She walked him over to the elfin and amazon tents set up to heal the wounded and escorted him inside one. There, his face lit up like the dawn. From atop a bed of furs and hay, Cyan smiled at him. A healed Juni stood over her, waving her hands and muttering some arcane words. A glowing light submerged Cyans wounds.
My amazon, Edon said and went to her side.
YesI still breathe.
They kissed deeply as Lianna left the tent with Juni.
Where is the hu-man now? Juni asked.
He is still sleepingin my tent, said Lianna. Soon we will return to our land, and he will live with us until he heals.
How many know?
Only a few. Nix and Salane of course. You and I and a few of our warriors. That is all. We have all agreed this would be a great shock to our people. It must be revealed slowly over time. He is quite sick and weak. He will make a full recovery with me. We have bonded since his liberation.
It is unbelievable. Our world has changed. It answers so much of who we came from and who are true ancestors were. The true meaning of their songs...
Yes, the song they left behind that saved our world. It was locked in their souls.  It is still in Salane, Nix, and I. We are part hu-man now. We all feel it. None of us are the same. All of this must be handled delicately. The fourth race has returned home. We must welcome it.
They stopped at the queens tent and Lianna dismissed Juni. Before she departed, Juni looked into her queens eyes. Not all will welcome this, mistress.
Lianna said nothing as Juni walked away. She entered the tent and sat beside the man as he slept. He was fair-haired. A most unusual trait in their realm. There was no one like him. She ran her fingers through it. 
He looked so peaceful, this man whose name she did not know. Lianna saw him as a new beginning and recapturing of the past. It made her glad. For a long time she worried on the continuation of her race. Now, with the return of the fourth, her fears eased. 
Months from now, this human would join amazon life. He would live among them and love them. An old race would rejoin the three leadership races, and history would repeat itself. 
For now, they all joined hands in Loden forest, in the village of the raven-haired elves, and sang the song, passed down from generation to generation. The song of the ancestors.
AUTHORS BIO


John Grover is a dark fiction author residing in Massachusetts. John grew up watching creature double feature with his brother on Saturday afternoons. This fueled his love of monsters, ghosts and the supernatural. He never missed an episode. In his spare time he loves to cook, garden, go to the theater to watch horror movies with his friends, read, talk about food, bake amazing desserts, play with his dog Buffy (yes named after the character in the TV show) and draw-badly.
Some of his favorite TV shows and influences are The Twilight Zone, Tales from the Darkside, Space 1999, Battlestar Galactica, X-Files, Night Gallery, Monsters, Star Trek, and much more.
He completed a creative writing course at Bostons Fisher College and is a member of the New England Horror Writers, a chapter of the Horror Writers Association.
Some of his more recent credits include Best New Zombie Tales Vol 1 by Books of the Dead Press, The Book of Cannibals by Living Dead Press, The Vermin Anthology, The Northern Haunts Anthology by Shroud Publishing, The Zombology Series by Library of the Living Dead Press, Morpheus Tales, Wrong World, The Willows, Alien Skin Magazine, Aurora Wolf and more.
He is the author of several collections, including the recently released Feminine Wiles, sixteen tales of wicked women as well as various chapbooks, anthologies, and more. Please visit his website for more information.
Find John on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/#!/pages/John-Grover-Dark-Fiction-Author/163129157108588
Other Fantasy Titles by John Grover

Song of the Ancestors Series

Book I: Web of the Spider Queen
Book II: The Human Condition
Book III: Ballad of the Fallen
Book IV: The Ashes of Orum (Coming Soon)

Visit the Song of the Ancestors Facebook Page for more info about the world of Orum


Possessing the Grimstone


The Books of Braenyn

The Scepter Of Namiss: Books of Braenyn #1
The Fallen Church of Ashburn: Books of Braenyn #2
Family Bonds: Books of Braenyn #3
Tarrows Tale: Books of Braenyn #4 


