Zombies Dont Read:
25 YA Short Stories
By Rusty Fischer, author of Zombies Dont Cry


* * * * *

Zombies Dont Read

Rusty Fischer

Copyright 2013 by Rusty Fischer

Smashwords Edition


* * * * *


This is a work of fiction. All of the names, characters, places and events portrayed in this novel are either products of the authors imagination or, if real, are used fictitiously.

Cover credit:  James Thew  Fotolia.com


* * * * *


Authors Note


The following is a collection of 25 FREE living dead short stories. Any errors, typos, grammar or spelling issues are completely the fault of the zombies. (Theyre not very patient with the editorial process!) Anyway, I hope you can overlook any minor errors you may find; enjoy!


* * * * *


Table of Contents


Introduction
Story # 1: Zombies Dont Kiss & Tell
Story # 2: Zombies Dont Sleep
Story # 3: Zombies Dont Study
Story # 4: Zombies Dont Swim
Story # 5: Zombies Dont Carve
Story # 6: Zombies Dont Dance
Story # 7: The Zombies Halloween Costume
Story # 8: Zombies Dont Eat Cotton Candy
Story # 9: Zombies Dont Write Valentines
Story # 10: Zombie Eve
Story # 11: Zombies Dont Need Bodyguards
Story # 12: Zombie Thanksgiving
Story # 13: Zombies Dont Eat Popcorn
Story # 14: Zombies Hate Zombie Movies
Story # 15: Zombies Dont Pucker
Story # 16: Perfect Attendance
Story # 17: Skipping Zombie School
Story # 18: Ditching Detention
Story # 19: The Aftermath 
Story # 20: Swarmed
Story # 21: Born Lucky
Story # 22: Home for Christmas
Story # 23: Jingle Brains
Story # 24: Late 
Story # 25: Zombie Next Year
About the Author: Rusty Fischer


* * * * *


Introduction



What could be better than five free zombie stories? 

What could be more awesome than 10 free stories of the living dead? 

What could be cooler than 15 tales of leg shuffling walkers? 

Would 20 stories be cooler? How about 25?!?! Thats right, Zombies Dont Read contains not five, not 10, not 15, not even 20 but 25 FREE zombie stories, yours for the taking. 

In our first story, Zombies Dont Kiss & Tell, one lonely young man discovers that his blind date is a zombie. Whats more, he finds out hes totally into it!

In Story # 2, Zombies Dont Sleep, a high school senior with insomnia discovers that theres a zombie hanging out at her local Laundromat. She also finds out that hes way cooler than the mere mortals at her school.

Our third story, Zombies Dont Study, finds one young nerd surrounded by three comely hotties; zombie hotties, that is. What happens in study hall stays in study hall!

Zombies Dont Swim, our fourth story, tells the curious tale of what happens when zombies are allowed to do manual labor around the houses of mere mortals. Particularly, what happens when they clean the pools of certain hotties who have nothing better to do over spring break than watch them do it!

And our fifth story, Zombies Dont Carve, is a Christmas story about what happens when a human girl brings her zombie boyfriend to meet the parents for dinner. 

In story # 6, Zombies Dont Dance, prom is here once again zombie style! The last thing Rex ever wanted to do was break Caras heart. Thats why hes canceling prom at the last minute. But will Cara ever understand that, after being a zombie longer than hed care to remember, Rex is simply tired of doing the chicken dance. And breaking human girls hearts?!?

We find out how zombies celebrate Halloween in our next story, The Zombies Halloween Costume. Why would a zombie wear a costume on Halloween when hes got one built-in? Find out in this poignant tale about one zombie who finds freedom on the scariest day of the year!

Our eighth story, Zombies Dont Eat Cotton Candy, takes place amid the blinking lights and competing smells of a traveling zombie-themed circus known as the Cannibal Carnival. All Alice wanted to do was find her brother. But when he shows up in the flyer for something called the Cannibal Carnival, she must set out on a cross-country odyssey to find him. Even if he is one of the living dead

Story # 9 is a Valentine to you, dear reader! Once upon a time, Sarah and Brody dated. Now he's one of the living dead, and can't remember her name. Or... can he? When Brody asks Sarah to help him make a Valentine's Day card, she'll find out whether or not zombies can still remember what to do on February 14th!

Our tenth story takes place during the festive holiday season: zombie style! Its Christmas Eve and the zombie known as Scout is doing her job: scouting out freshly dug graves for the rest of her zombie pals. But when she comes across a young kid guarding the nearest graveyard, the two strike up an unlikely friendship that turns into a bond only something like the holidays can forge.

In our eleventh story, Zombies Dont Need Bodyguards, we discover why zombies dont play fair, even when theyre your friends. Lets face it: Rex Limburger, Jr. is a wimp. He knows it, the whole world knows it, especially the bullies. But today Rex stops being a wimp. Because today hes brought a bodyguard. A zombie bodyguard. And nothing will ever be the same. But not in the way Rex thinks

In our twelfth story, its Thanksgiving and all Cassie wants to do is sit in her dorm room eating cheesy poofs and binge watching a Horror High marathon on HitFlix. Thats when Rex, one of the members of the Zombie Job Corps, shows up, wanting to clean her floor. With nothing better to do, Cassie helps him and finds a friend for Thanksgiving break. And just in time, too, seeing as a zombie outbreak is starting...

Our thirteenth story, Zombies Dont Eat Popcorn, finds us in one of the best  and worst  places to encounter a zombie: a movie theater! All Jerry wanted was a little popcorn to go with his zombie movie. Instead he got a zombie cashier! Find out what happens next in Zombies Dont Eat Popcorn

Story # 14 continues our zombie movie theme, I suppose making this a double feature. In Zombies Hate Zombie Movies, all Zed ever wanted was to be in a zombie movie. Turns out he finally got the chance; once he became an actual zombie! Find out what happens next in Zombies Hate Zombie Movies

Our fifteenth story, Zombies Dont Pucker, finds us back in the world of zombies, carnies and fairgrounds. When two hapless bloggers make the scoop of the year -- that zombies can actually talk!!! -- they get the surprise of their lives: being fed to the zombie to cover up the "evidence"! But Zed is one zombie who'd rather let the bloggers go to tell their tale, even if it means paying the ultimate price!

In story #16, Perfect Attendance, Principal Standish loves patrolling the halls of his beloved Catfish Cove High School, ensuring that all his students get to their classes on time so they can win the coveted Perfect Attendance award for the 10th year in a row. But when Standish finds a student roaming the hall, with gray skin and rotting teeth and things squirming in his hair, he finds himself face to face with a zombie.

In our seventeenth story, Skipping Zombie School, Autumn wasnt ready for her oral report in World Cultures class, so she skipped school to watch the Zombie Janitor marathon at the Catfish Cove Cinemas, and there she sat. All afternoon, for six straight hours. And when she finally turned on her cell phone, the sad story spilled out in texts: her entire school, lost, to a zombie outbreak. Leaving Autumn the only student at Zombie School

In our eighteenth Story, Ditching Detention, Bonnie has gotten detention. Again. But the thought of sitting inside a stuffy old room for another hour of school, without being able to say a word, makes her physically ill. So does the boy who runs into her while shes getting a drink of water, giving Bonnie a bloody lip. But its not just any boy, its a zombie. And to escape, shes going to have to get through him one way or another!

Story # 19 is called The Aftermath: Michelle has just escaped the zombie infestation at her high school. Thats the good news. The bad news is she has to stick around and be debriefed by every department of every branch of the US government. Oh, and the local reporters, of course. As she tells her story to one reporter, she gives him the scoop of his life. Make that, his afterlife!

In Swarmed, our twentieth story, Michelle is kicking practice goals on the soccer field after school when the first trucks -- big and bad -- show up. She hides behind a goal post, watching as soldiers stream out. As they stand behind Michelles school, glass breaks on the third floor and out poke bloody, human hands. Zombies! someone screams, and thats when Michelle starts running. And she never. Really. Stops

Born Lucky is our twenty-first story. In it, Mandy Nash is the first Normal (i.e. human) to invite Calvin anywhere since he became reanimated, one of the living dead. But what will he do when he finds out her invitation to the big St. Patricks Day party in town is just an elaborate ruse to get him to take her into the Z-Zone , a place where "Normals" are forbidden, and even zombies are in danger?

In our next story, Home for Christmas, its Christmas Eve but Tanner doesnt know it yet. Nor does her buddy, Scrim. Thats because theyre both zombies; with no memories. Of anything. At all. Not of their past lives. Not of who they are or were. Not even of Christmas. But that all changes when Tanner hears Christmas music for the first time. And nothing will ever be the same 

In Jingle Brains, Lacy and her boyfriend Grady have just been reanimated, turned into the living dead while putting up Christmas decorations in a thunderstorm. Now its Christmas Eve and all Lacy wants to do is get her man some fresh brains for the holidays. But whats a girl to do when she comes home after an all-night quest to find that Gradys already gotten brains aplenty, and eaten them all by himself?!?

Finally, we wrap up this collection with two back to back New Years Eve stories because, well, maybe its just me but there just arent enough zombie stories about NYE for my taste. 

In Late, its New Years Eve and Jade Summers has only one thing on her mind as midnight approaches: kissing a zombie. Well, due respect, the zombie is her undead boyfriend, Calvin, even though he doesnt remember her from Before. And its kind of illegal to kiss zombies, for obvious reasons. But that wont stop Jade, who moves heaven and earth to reach Calvin  and his cold, undead lips  before midnight. Even if she is a little late

In our last story  really, its the LAST one  Zombie Next Year, the Winter Wonderland Dance was supposed to be a chance to get outside after the zombie outbreaks that had been plaguing the Carolinas all holiday season. But the heavy guards and all the adult supervision in the world couldnt stop the Great New Years Outbreak of 2019, and now Cara Brent is stuck inside the Nightshade Gym with a dozen other unfortunate kids, awaiting the inevitable. Or will she

I hope you enjoy these 25 FREE zombie stories and that they dont keep you up at night! But even if they do, youll have plenty of company because, after all Zombies Dont Sleep!!!

Or eat popcorn. Or study. Or kiss and tell. Or carve. Or eat cotton candy. Or like zombie movies. Or well, you get the point. 

Zombies may not be able to read, either, but YOU can, and youre in luck, because these 25 FREE stories. 

Start. 

Right. 

NOW!


* * * * *



Story # 1:
Zombies Dont Kiss & Tell




My blind date is a zombie.

Wow; just awesome.

Okay, no, I mean thats fine.

No biggie.

Ill just make sure to ask for a corner booth, blow out the candle the minute we get there and order her steak (really, really) rare; were cool.

Ive been quiet too long, standing just outside the cozy little caf where in his maniacal, laughing voice Cosgrove told me to meet the woman of my dreams.

Now I can see why he couldnt stop that insane giggle of his when we spoke on the phone earlier that day.

Shes looking at the yellow carnation wedged between the letter on my jacket and my three varsity pins that surround it, so its a little too late to back out now.

Hi, I say, putting out an eager hand. Im Jordy. Are you Tia?

She doesnt look like a Tia.

Dont get me wrong, even though its obvious shes a zombie shes not ugly.

Far from it. 

In fact, shes pretty darn cute; just not exotic-sounding like Id pictured when Cosgrove told me her name. 

Tia smiles quickly, raising a hand to cover her yellow teeth but not stopping to shake mine, either.

Im good with that; some girls just dont do handshakes.

I get it.

Good, I say. Are you hungry?

She looks around, maybe wondering if anyone is listening and growls in a mock B-movie zombie voice, Im always hungry.

Then she snorts.

Not, like a Feed me BBBBRRAAAAIIINNNNSSS! kind of snort but a goofy girl snort, like girls will when theyre sitting in the library among friends and forget that a few jocks are sitting a few feet away in the magazine section looking at the swimsuit issue of Sports for Sports.

I smile and wonder if maybe its just gas.

Ive heard zombies have a problem controlling that kind of thing, so I give her the benefit of the doubt.

Actually, she smells pretty good.

The downtown curb is bustling this time of night, the Saturday evening crowd in downtown Ambrosia, Alabama milling about and everybody waiting for a table, so were bunched kind of close there near the front door to the Gouda Caf.

She smells like lilacs, maybe; some kind of flower, anyway.

Shes wearing black heels, not too high, black tights, black fingernails and a silver hoodie in this kind of shimmery, metallic material.

The top is pulled up, covering what used to be red hair but is now a kind of wispy, faded orange.

She has on those sexy rectangular glasses and I wonder if, being dead, her eyesight has suffered any.

She looks like any other fun, funky teenage girl on a Saturday night, except for the ghostly pallor and waxy white fingers.

I dunno, its not like the zombies are required to wear identification or anything, you just know when you see one.

And its not just me, either; I can already see folks moving away from her, whispering about her, curling up their noses and rolling their eyes.

She doesnt seem to notice or, if she notices, care; I wonder if thats just because shes so used to it by now.

I open the door for her, even though it was partially wedged wide from the crowd standing in front of the hostess stand.

She catches my eye and winks, waving me forward.

Hey Melanie, I say.

The head cheerleader for Ambrosia High leers at me and says, You know this crowd is going to hate me when I give you a table before any of them, right?

Its okay, says Tia quietly, in a new voice I havent heard before.

I notice her pulling her hood over her head a little tighter as the crowd around us grows and swells and grumbles as we push forward. We can wait.

Forget that, I say. Melanies got the hookup. Right, Mel?

Melanie rolls her eyes and I add, Hey, I didnt ask you to go out with my best lineman. But since you are its time for me to cash in some chips!

More eye rolls from Melanie as she grabs up one menu and one roll of silver and sashays in front of us through the busy restaurant.

Tia keeps her head down, following closely.

Im racing ahead because thats just how I walk, but Tia moves so slowly I kind of have to keep reminding myself to hang back.

She gives me a little half-smile, as if shes noticed.

We keep walking and walking, past all the good seats.

I mean, I know I wanted something out of the way so nobody from school would see us together but this is craziness.

Finally Melanie stands next to a tiny little table just off the kitchen.

I see what shes doing; so does Tia.

The table isnt just out of the way, its practically hidden.

I see a cozy booth for two just a little ways away and tug the closest sleeve of Tias shiny silver jacket; we sit there instead.

Thats reserved, says Melanie with a fake smile on her face.

I lean toward her and say, I have some very revealing photos of you and Cosgrove that say differently, Mel.

She blushes slightly and says, Fine; whatever. Roy will be your waiter. Enjoy your date.

Melanie makes a big show of handing me the silver and giving me the menu and totally snubbing Tia as she huffs on by.

Tia kind of looks down at the white cloth covering the table.

When Melanies gone, I slide over the menu and the silver.

I dont really need it, she says quietly, but I see her eyeing it carefully.

Theyre supposed to treat you equally, I say, quietly.

She does that little snort thing again and says, They let me in, didnt they? According to the Living with the Living Dead Treaty of 2017, thats all they have to do.

I hear a little fire in her voice and see a flicker of emotion behind her glasses.

What color are your eyes? I ask, partly to make small talk but, mostly, to diffuse the situation. Its hard to see back here.

She snickers and says, You mean, what color were my eyes?

They change?

She kind of forms a sneer across her lower lip, which is thin and gray beneath maroon lip gloss, until she sees Im generally interested in her answer.

Then she says, Yeah, after about six months they drain of color. Mine were hazel I think?

You think? I chuckle, reaching for a breadstick from a heaping basket in the middle of the table.

She shrugs and says, My mom always called them green; my Dad brown. I settled for hazel, but its been awhile since Ive seen.

How awhile? I ask, offering her the woven stick of bread covered in a light toss of olive oil and toasted with sesame seeds.

She snorts again  I have to say, Im kinda digging the snort  and asks, What, you want to know if youre on a blind date with a 98-year-old or something?

Yeah, actually, I bluff.

(Secretly, Ive always been attracted to older women. Thats kind of the reason I let stupid Cosgrove set me up on a blind date in the first place.)

Would it matter? she says, kinda dragging the joke down. I mean, its not like anythings gonna happen anyway.

Ouch.

Not on your part, anyway. I mean, why would you want to with a girl like me? See I knew I shouldnt have come on this stupid thing

She starts to get up, flustered, but its a good thing zombies move so slow because I can reach out and touch her sleeve before shes even in the half-crouch position.

Please, I say, despite the curious eyes of the other diners as they look a little more closely at the striking figure in the shimmering hoodie. Were already here, so we might as well have dinner, right?

She sits back, but I think thats mostly just because she was closer to still sitting than leaving anyway.

I get the feeling moving takes a lot out of her.

She pouts a little and I say, So, what was it like growing up without electricity? Did you scare the horses with that scowl of yours?

I wait for the snort  there it is  and she admits, Im not that old, jerk; I just had my fifth re-birthday, if you must know.

Re-birthday?

Yeah, its kind of like you get a big do-over when you catch the Z Disease. You know, like resetting the game when your guy dies on the first level.

So, and dont take this the wrong way Tia but youre only five years old?

She leans over a little, waits til I do the same and whispers, Yeah, so I guess we shouldnt try to order that bottle of sangria, huh?

Just then a waiter approaches and says, to me, Welcome to Goudas Caf, sir. Can I get you something to drink?

Ladies first? I say, nudging him gently toward Tias side of the table.

But of course, he says, not even moving. What will she have?

I dont know, I growl, wanting to launch out my size-12 sneaker and kick him in the shin. Why dont you ask her?

He does this major eye roll-slash-heavy sigh thing and turns to Tia and groans, Miss?

Ill take a coke and a bowl of sugar, please, she says, sweet as can be.

Sugars 50 cents extra, he says. Weve had to start charging now that there are some many of your kind coming in.

I got it covered, she says, slapping two quarters on the clean white linen.

He turns to me and before he can do the whole eye roll wheeze thing I slap down two quarters of my own and say, Make that a double.

He walks away without reading us the specials, which is fine because suddenly a soda with lots and lots of sugar in it sounds about right.

Tia looks around the room, eyes kind of low since most tables are already looking back.

I watch her for a few minutes, noticing the scar on the outside of her wrist when she stretches just a bit and her sleeve flutters up, if only for a second; it looks several years old, and still has some black thread inside, like maybe the stitches never came out.

She looks about my age; 17.

But older too.

Shes wearing makeup, but not a lot of it.

Her hoodie is zipped up tight, but another scar creeps over the zipper on the left side of her neck.

Her eyes look sad behind the sexy glasses, and I dont think its just because everyones staring at her.

When shes done watching the room, she fixes her eyes on me; and smiles.

What? I ask, twirling another breadstick in my hand nervously.

Why are you still here? she asks.

I kind of open my mouth and close it.

Didnt you hear? I crack. We just ordered my favorite; cokes and sugar!

No, I mean really. Why are you still sitting here once you found out what I am?

You mean a sugar fiend?

She snorts despite herself and then shakes her head. 

You know what I mean, Jordy.

I shrug. Its Saturday night in Ambrosia, Tia. Where else am I going to go?

She starts to say something else but our waiter comes with two sodas and two white ceramic containers overflowing with sugar packets; one for each of us.

Will there be anything else? he asks, setting them all down on my side of the table.

Yeah, I say, leaning forward and hearing the leather of my lettermans jacket sleeves creaking. You can put the ladys soda and sugar on her side of the table.

Im required to bring them to the table, sir, not serve them to the zombie.

Jordy, really, Tia says. Its fine

Listen to your friend, sir. She understands

Shes not my friend, friend; shes my date. And if you dont put that soda and that sugar on her side of the table, Ill explain to your manager why were going to get up and walk without paying for them.

You didnt have to do that, she says, ripping open three sugar packets at once after the waiter leaves. Im a big girl.

Yeah, well, hes a big jerk and if I dont release a little testosterone every few hours, then I turn into a big jerk and I want to have a nice evening, so

I catch a smile and pour one sugar into my soda.

So, you have to tell me Tia: how does a nice girl like you know a creep like Cosgrove?

I was just going to ask you the same question, Jordy!

You first.

She sips her soda and pours in two more packs of sugar, stirring it with her finger.

He found me on the Z List, she confesses, avoiding my eyes.

Whats that, like a site for hot zombies or something?

Very funny, she says over the lip of her soda. No, its a site where people can hire zombies for all sorts of things. Odd jobs, heavy lifting, dog walking, even

Hold up, hold up; he hired you?

She shrugs, knocking back half of her soda in two chugs. No, the Living Dead Employee Pact of 2014 made it illegal to pay zombies. Its all voluntary.

So, hold up; you volunteered to go on a blind date with me?

Well, I didnt know it was you, now, did I?

No, I guess not

I push the soda away and sit back, the soda far too sweet for my taste.

You gonna finish that? she asks, already reaching.

I slide it over and she meets me halfway, our fingers grazing; she flinches, I try not to.

Her hands are so cold, and its not just because shes been gripping her soda glass, either.

But, why go out on a blind date in the first place? I ask.

She shrugs and looks at me across the cozy caf table. 

Do you have any idea how boring it gets as a a you know?

More boring than a high school junior on a Saturday night in Ambrosia?

Yeah, she says. At least you get to go to school. On Z Street, we room alphabetically. Most of the geezers in my building are in their 80s or more. So when your buddy wrote me, even though he sounded like a creep via email, I figured Id at least get to hang with someone my own age.

I grin and say, Well, that explains how you got hooked up with Cosgrove.

But not how YOU hooked up with Cosgrove.

By force, I admit.

Pardon? she asks, polishing off my soda and sliding it back toward me so the waiter wont think shes a zombie and a pig.

I tug on the collar of my jacket and say, Weve only been playing football together for the last six years. And baseball, and soccer and basketball

Yeah, but do you like him?

Not really, I admit. But then, nobody does. Did you ever talk to him, I mean personally?

She wrinkles her nose in distaste and says, We didnt really talk much; he mostly cackled. Does he do that often?

Uggh; just thinking about Cosgroves telltale cackle makes me shiver just to think about it.

Try every day; all day.

She nods, and we lapse into a few moments of comfortable silence.

Restless, or bored, or both, she reaches over to my side of the table.

I think for a second shes reaching for my hand, and Im not sure how to react when she grabs my sugar packet instead.

And, yeah, okay; Im a little disappointed.

Whats with the sugar? I ask, watching her fold my packet carefully.

She says, Other than the dried brains the government gives us once a week  dont look at me like that  we dont really need to eat anything else. We cant really even digest anything else, which is why I said no to your breadstick even though Id love one. But the soda, and the sugar, it goes right into the bloodstream so we dont have to digest. Anyway, its kind of like a treat between servings of brains.

Gross, I say.

Youre gross, she shoots back, and we both snort.

The waiter comes, ignores her, I say were not ready yet, he comes again a few minutes later, I say were still not ready and finally Tia looks up at him and says, Can we get the check?

With pleasure, he says, slapping it down in front of me.

I reach for my wallet but she slaps a five down over the bill.

Do you mind? she asks, already sliding from the booth.

I grab a breadstick to go and shake my head.

I see Melanie on her cell phone as we approach the hostess stand, which is odd because there are still, like, 4,000 people waiting for a table and shes only been Employee of the Month at his place, like, 17 times so I figured shed be a more conscientious worker than that. 

She sees me, covers the phone, says a few things more and quickly hangs up.

How was your date? she asks, voice full of irony, not even looking at Tia.

I dont know yet, I say, grabbing Tias hand. Its not over yet.

Melanies face goes paler than usual, which is really saying something, as she watches us walk out.

Tias hand slides from my own as we hit the street, which has calmed considerably since weve been inside.

Hey, I say.

You dont have to be nice anymore, she says a little coolly, tugging on her hoodie as we walk down the sidewalk in front of Goudas. And you dont have to finish our blind date, either.

My car is in the overflow parking lot two blocks down. The caf is behind us now, the twinkling lights in the bushes out front seeming father even than that. Here the light is dim, the buildings deserted, the storefronts cold and dark.

But I want to, I say. Im having fun. Arent you?

Were both standing there at the nearest crosswalk, she clutching her hood down tight, her face a gray mask with purple lips and black eyes.

Maybe, she says. I just mean, well, no ones looking anymore, Jordy. You can go and it wont hurt my feelings. No one told you youd be having a blind date with a zombie. I know your buddy Cosgrove was having a go at you. You were nice and didnt hurt my feelings. But Ill understand, really, if you

Tia? I ask, wondering why shes left off in mid-sentence like that when she was just getting all fired up. Everything okay?

She shushes me, inching close, shoving me tight to the wall at my back.

Her eyes are everywhere, all at once; up, down, sideways.

Did you hear that? she asks, voice barely a whisper; breath smelling like raw sugar.

I shake my head, straining my ears; then I do hear it.

That telltale squeak of sneakers on pavement; one pair, two, maybe three.

Maybe even four or five pairs.

Okay, so its downtown Ambrosia on a Saturday night. 

What could possibly happen? 

Its probably just some kids out past curfew, looking for some

Then I hear cackling, a particularly high-pitched cackling.

Tia and I look at each other at the same time and mouth, Cosgrove.

I try to move but she shoves me back some more, and is surprisingly strong.

And Im no wimp, if I may be so bold.

220-pounds, 62, and shes tossing me around like Im some some caf hostess or something.

The sneakers round the corner at the same time; three pairs behind me, two out in front.

Its not just Cosgrove, its half the frickin defensive line!

I see Chalmers, all 300-pounds of him, and Philips at 275!

And Cosgroves no chump either; about my height, a little taller, a little heavier  all of it tightly-coiled muscle.

Hows your date going? he asks, voice slimy as ever, to match his slicked back black hair. 

His eyes are glassy and watery, his words a little slurry; like he gets when hes drunk, or high, or both.

F-f-fine, I say cautiously, watching Tia watch me. Great, actually.

Ah, slurs Cosgrove, slapping his giant pal Brody on the shoulder. Isnt that nice? The jock and the zombie, sittin in a tree.

Its not like that, Cosgrove, I blurt through gritted teeth, fists clenched. Whatever game youre playing at, leave off. I dont know why you suddenly have a bug up your butt about zombies, dude but shes cool, its fine.

Its NOT fine, he shouts, white nostrils flaring as he clenches his giant fists. Your date is one of them, dude; a meat-sicle, a dead head, a brain-muncher, man. How can you stand there, holding her hand?

I look down and see Ive grabbed her hand.

She tries to let go, to pull free, but not even Tia is that strong.

Murmurs of gross and rude and tons of other stuff not fit for print ooze out of the guys mouths, and suddenly Im thinking: Its no accident, theyre here. Its no prank, Cosgrove setting me up with a zombie; on purpose. 

He wanted it this way; knew I was the only one on the team whod sit there with the undead all night while he and his buds drank beer in the car waiting for us to come out of Goudas.

How could I have been so stupid?

And what are we going to do now?

I mean, me and Cosgrove in a straight up fight; thats one thing.

I maybe could take him, I maybe couldnt but either way at least I could buy Tia enough time to get away and hide.

Gigs up, girl, says Cosgrove, inching forward on uncertain but massive legs. Theres no going back to Z Street for you tonight.

Shut up, Cosgrove, I blurt, getting a whack upside the head from his buddy Brody that draws blood. You cant do anything to her; its against the Immortal Peace Treaty of 2016.

Another whack from Brody and Im on my knees, wiping my busted nose with the sleeve of my jacket.

Brody yanks Tia away from me in a weak moment, and when I stumble to get up two of the jocks hold me back.

Treaty my ass, sneers Cosgrove, circling Tia like a shark with one of those cute baby seals everyones always clubbing on TV. You see any Sentinels around here, guys?

Leave her alone, I spit, the coppery taste of blood on my tongue. 

Brody slaps me again, hard, until I can hear my jaw ringing. 

It hurts so bad I have to hold myself up with the palms of my hands flat against the pavement; its hard and cold beneath my skin.

Im thinking, Great, five on one, so how am I going to save Tia now?

Then I hear screaming, and look up; Brody is on all fours, trying to avoid another rib being cracked by Tias foot!

Shes whipped back her hoodie top, revealing a mane of carrot orange hair tightly woven into braids that run alongside her head and are tied together in the back.

Cosgrove is getting up from the ground, rubbing his jaw.

Where was I when she slapped him around?

That, I would have paid good money for!

Another of the goons, a senior Ive never liked named Chalmers, creeps up on Tia while shes caving in Brodys lungs and she turns, whip-fast, and punches his throat.

I hear a crack and then air hiss out the gash on the left side of his windpipe.

When his pal Philips goes to help him, Tia kicks him so hard in the shin I literally watch his leg explode from the knee down.

He lands with a thud, but not for long; his screaming rouses the neighborhood, lights coming on in the floors above the street.

Come on, Tia barks, dragging me along the deserted streets.

I tug her back and she growls  growls!  at me but I huff, My cars back here!

She doesnt say anything, just nods, and follows.

We get in and drive away, the sound of sirens clamoring a few blocks back as I ask, Uh, what just happened?

Shes calmer now, the rage has left her; she smiles and says, I just saved your butt, is what happened!

But how? You just put down about 2 tons of fun back there, Tia!

She shrugs, like its no big deal. Its the muscles. When fat dies, it turns to muscle; lots and lots of muscle.

I didnt know that, I say.

Stick around, she threatens. Theres a lot I can teach you about zombies.

Promise?

She looks at me funny as we put some distance between ourselves and the sirens.

Then she says: Okay, heres your first lesson: zombies dont sleep.

At all?

Nope, never; not even a smidge. We dont need to, you know anymore.

So what do you do all night then?

Mostly watch TV, but tonight?

Yeah? I prod when she doesnt finish her sentence right away.

Well, tonight, I have a feeling anything might happen

I drive, past the Gouda Caf, past downtown, past my street, past Z Street; she doesnt look back.

Its Saturday night in Ambrosia, Ive got a badass zombie chick riding shotgun and the night is young.

I ask you, what else could go wrong?


* * * * *


Story # 2:
Zombies Dont Sleep




I steer my little brothers bike through the silent streets of downtown, splashing through orange pools cast by the flickering streetlights of tiny Mystic, North Carolina. 

My brother is 11, by the way, so the bike is a rusty neon green mongoose, completely lame, but what else was I going to do?

I couldnt very well start up my own car in the driveway at 1 a.m. and not alert the entire house to my ongoing insomnia (two weeks and counting, folks), so it was either take the lame-oid bike or walk.

I pedal furiously, because thats the only way to ride a mongoose, and my knobby knees nearly keep hitting my nose with every turn of the bike chain.

There is a chill in the air and the early birds already have smatterings of carved pumpkins on their porches, even though Halloween is still nearly three weeks away.

There is one of those canned iced coffees in the bikes basket, wedged next to a few items of clothing that arent really dirty but if I didnt bring something to wash, then what excuse would I have for showing up at the Suds N Spuds Laundromat for the third time this week?

I feel my heart beating the closer and closer I get to Sycamore Street and 5th, and its not because Im pedaling all that fast or anything.

In fact, now that Im almost there, Im taking it kind of slow. 

Not because I cant wait to see him, but because the longer I take, the less predictable I seem.

Soon the brightly lit shopping center is in view as I trundle over Mystics sidewalks and curbs.

I see his big white van out front, thumping my heart into overdrive, and steer my bike next to the concrete bench between the Laundromat and the sub shop next door.

I can feel his eyes on me through the plate glass window, soft and dark, but take my time locking up my bike just the same.
I even force myself to whistle; you know, to cap off that whole, fake casual, fake accidental Oh, fancy meeting you here again effect Im going for.

The place smells like soap suds and soda pop as I walk in, the bright lights hurting my eyes after the 20-minute bike ride from our house on Culver Lane.

Weve got to stop meeting like this, he croaks, leaning rakishly on a tumbling washing machine.

Hes in his usual; faded blue jeans, white T-shirt, battered sneakers, cocky grin.

Yeah, I mutter because dude just stole my line.

Under the lights his skin is pavement gray, his black hair cut short and close to his skull.

Dont you have school in the morning? he asks as I walk to the washing machine next to his and dump in four new pairs of socks and a baby doll T-shirt I outgrew three years ago (but he doesnt need to know that).

Dont you?

Yeah, but then Im not failing AP History, either.

Im not failing, Scar; Im just not passing.

Scar shakes his head, scratching behind his ear; you know, where the scar starts.

The one that travels down the side of his neck and into the top of his snuggly white T-shirt.

Do you have change? I ask, holding out three crumpled ones.

Again?

I cant sneak out of the house if Ive got quarters jingling all in my pockets, I explain.

You only need two for the washer and dryer, he points out.

Yeah, but I skipped dinner and am jonesing for some chips right about now.

Youre lucky I got extra, he says, handing over twelve quarters from his snug jeans pocket. Just in case.

Just in case what? I flirt, though Im not really very good at it.

He shrugs and avoids my eyes.

You know he kind of mumbles, eyeing his shoes.

I nod because, yeah; I kind of do.

I slide four quarters in to get the washing machine going, then saunter away to the back wall, which is covered with eight separate vending machines, each one featuring just about every known variety of potato chips on the planet.

Thats it; just chips. 

No candy or gum or mints or nuts or even trail mix; just row after row of chips, glorious chips.

(Hey, the dude didnt name it Suds N Spuds for nothing!)

I buy two bags, per usual, hoping tonight Scar will finally take one; he doesnt.

Are you on some kind of special diet or something? I ask.

Why?

I never see you eat; here, at school, at the mall, whatever. Most guys I know eat like pigs 24/7.

He holds up a can of Sunshine Soda and says, This is all I need at this time of night.

Speaking of this time of night why are you still up and doing laundry?

You first, he smirks.

Me? Thats easy; I havent been able to sleep for the last two weeks. Whats your excuse?

My excuse is I work the graveyard shift at the Traffic Town Convenience store on 18th and Main, and Im too wired after work to go home and sleep.

So you do laundry?

 Hey, he grins. Look whos talking!

Okay, okay, so were not exactly the coolest cats at Mystic High.

Speak for yourself, he grunts, switching over his laundry just as mine starts spinning.

Sorry, I grin. I guess your hundreds of friends just left.

As a matter of fact, he smiles. They just did.

Yeah, right.

I watch him move while he shoves his clothes in the dryer; his arms arent big but theyre all muscle.

Muscle and sinew and veins squirming beneath his marble pale skin.

His shirt is short and lifts up in the back, revealing the same gravestone pallor and fat free skin.

He turns too quickly for me to look up fast enough and asks, See anything you like?

Luckily, hes as clumsy as he is hot.

You dropped a sock, I manage to bluff.

He looks down, thinking Im joking.

Oh, he grumbles, mildly embarrassed. I guess I did.

The night stretches on as we fluff and fold, joke and laugh, flirt and blush.

Well, I blush; in two years at Mystic High Ive never seen the dude blush, sweat or bleed  three things most guys do 12 times a day.

Why cant you sleep? he asks as he folds his clothes and I run mine through the last cycle in the dryer.

I dunno, I say. I just cant.

Have you ever had this problem before?

No. Ive always slept like a rock until last Tuesday night.

Anything special happen Tuesday day?

No, and Ive racked my brain, too. Im not stressing about school, I dont have any guy troubles, Im not cheering this year so I can eat what I want life is good. Except, you know, for the whole not sleeping part.

Yeah, youre looking pretty draggy in Home Ec lately.

Gee, thanks.

Just saying, sleep isnt a lifestyle choice, Cleo; you actually need it.

The doctor said Ill get sleepy when I get sleepy.

Okay, he harrumphs, the last of his laundry folded and stowed away in his wicker hamper. Sounds about right.

The weird thing is, it feels like the middle of the day, you know?

He nods knowingly; almost sadly.

Yeah, actually; I do.

Like, I could run three miles and still not be sleepy. Like I could watch six monster movies and not be sleepy.

Depends on the monster movie, I suppose.

Yeah, youre right! I say, hiding my mouth as I do that laugh-snort thing everybody makes fun of; he barely seems to notice.

He stands next to his hamper, in no rush; its like that every night.

Its okay, I say, quietly, as if maybe he wont hear. Ill be all right if you have somewhere to go.

Im not leaving you in this Laundromat alone, Cleo. Its not the greatest neighborhood, in case you havent noticed.

I nod and in a few minutes the dryer dings and I fold my fake clothes; it takes less than two minutes, and thats really, really stretching things.

When Im ready, when my chip bags are thrown away and hes tossed his empty soda can in the trash and Ive got my pitiful excuse for a trip to the Laundromat under one arm, he picks up his wicker hamper and follows me outside.

Its chillier now, and I zip up my pink camouflage hoodie just a smidge.

And still, as the night races on, I cant think of anywhere Id rather be.

I look up, at the sky, and see a half-full moon covered in spotty clouds.

I expect to hear his drivers side door slam, his engine race, like every other night.

When I look up, hes just standing there, moon-kissed and smirking.

So, he asks, leaning casually against the broad side of his van. How long have you known? 

Known what? I hem, because I was hoping to play this game for at least another few nights before letting him know, you know, that I know.

About me, Cleo? About what I am?

I sigh; guess the cats out of the bag.

Not that I can blame him for figuring it out.

I mean obvious, much?

Since that first night last week, I confess, looking down at my shoes, afraid hes about to crack open my skull and swallow my brain  whole.

When he doesnt, I brave a quick look at his face; hes smiling.

How? he asks simply; not mad, not scared, just curious.

I bite my lip before confessing, Well, when I got home that night, I still couldnt sleep, so I started an internet search for scars and boys with scars and well cute guys with scars.

Cute guys with scars? he mocks, leering at me with those dark, penetrating eyes. Theres a category for that?

Youd be surprised, I admit, still blushing. 

But why? he presses, still leaning. Why search for that stuff in the first place?

I dunno, I sigh; and its the truth. I was still restless, and bored I guess, and youre so mysterious at school. You just show up out of nowhere last year, in the middle of the semester, no history, no baggage, no friends, nobody knows anything about you, you dont date anybody, arent in any clubs. I guess, I dunno, I just wanted to know more about you, I guess.

Hes just leaning there, smiling; I cant tell if he believes me or not.

Anywhatever, your picture came up; three times, in three different yearbooks.

He rolls his eyes and says, Is that all, Cleo? I told you my Dad moves us around a lot, so

Does he move you through time, too Scar? One of the yearbooks was from 1967!

You saw that? he gulps.

Yeah, and the one from 1978 and another from 1994. It was you, Scar; in every one. Not your twin brother, not your doppelganger, not some look-alike, not some optical illusion. Then it all clicked for me; the gray skin, the never sleeping, never eating human food, only drinking those sugary drinks... it all fits.

I look around and whisper, Youre a zombie, Scar!

(Wow, I cant believe I just said that out loud!)

What if I am? he smirks. What does that make you?

Me? What do you mean?

You, Cleo. You coming around here every night, riding your little brothers bike so your folks wont hear your engine start up in the driveway, coming clear across town to wash brand new socks and T-shirts you probably havent worn in years, bumming quarters from me and noshing on stale potato chips? What does that make you? Some kind of of zombie groupie?

Just curious! I snort. I mean, flip the script; if you knew I was a zombie, wouldnt you be curious and stalk me for awhile until you found out.

Only if you looked like you, he stammers, avoiding my eyes. 

I dont even know what that means, Scar.

It means Id stalk you anyway, is what it means. Zombie, human, cheerleader, brainiac, whatever.

Then, a beat later, he adds: What now?

What what now? Waddya mean?

I mean, you know my secret; you found it out. So what now, Cleo?

I stomp one foot and look around. Oh, well I dunno. I mean, I havent really thought it out that far.

They never do, he grumbles.

They?

He sighs and looks me up and down. Do you think youre the first girl to figure it out, Cleo?

Yeah, actually, I bluff, because, actually  yeah, I kind of did.

Well, youre not.

So, what? Youre saying youre some kind of zombie stud or something?

This, he laughs at.

No, not by a long shot. Its just that, some girls have a thing for the undead, is all.

Gross.

Im gross, now? Thats why youve been up here every night this week? And all last week?

No, Scar, youre not gross; thats gross.

He opens his mouth, thinks better of it, then says it anyway: You mean, youre not a zombie groupie?

How can I be a groupie? I ask. Youre the first zombie Ive ever met!

Then, what is this all about?

Are you that stupid?

He looks befuddled and I inch closer, eager to feel what those cold, full lips might taste like.

I dont get it, Cleo.

Im here for you, dummy; just you.

He cocks his head slightly to the left, casting a dark shadow across his gaunt, right cheek. Just me? You dont want to know voodoo or George Romeros address or what brains taste like?

Uh uh, I say, licking my lips. I just want to know what this tastes like.

And I kiss him, just like that; inching up on my sneakers, putting my hands on his cold chest, pressing my warm lips against his cold ones; feeling a shiver, but not like when you step outside on the first day of winter.

More like when you see a really good scene in a really good movie. 

He opens his lips, but just slightly; the way I like it.

I mean, Im no expert or anything but two of the three guys Ive kissed did it that way.

Maybe Im just spoiled, I dunno.

And he stops, just in time, pushing me away, but only to look at me.

Whats wrong? I ask.

N-n-nothing, he says and, for once, hes not smirking. It just, well, no ones ever stalked me just for me... before.

For some reason, that sounds funny; I laugh.

He laughs, too; and I know, thats when I know  Scar was worth stalking, all the while.

You want a ride home? he asks, opening up the back of the van and showing me theres room enough for my little brothers mongoose.

Not really, I say, unlocking my bike. Now Im all restless again. I think the ride might do me good.

Ill walk with you, he suggests, shutting the door and pocket his keys.

But how will you get back? Back here, I mean?

Ill walk back, he explains simply as I climb on the bike.

Its nearly 3 a.m., Scar. What if you get sleepy on your way back?

Cleo, he chuckles, matching me step for step as I pedal, slowly, into the darkness behind the Suds N Spuds. Dont you know? Zombies never sleep.

I look up at him, face pale in the moonlight.

No, I didnt know that.

He nods, bending down to pick up a branch and swiping it in the air like a sword for a little while before dropping it again. 

Doesnt that get really boring?

He looks down at me and grins. Not anymore.




* * * * *


Story # 3:
Zombies Dont Study





I-I-I dont understand, I stammer, wedged into my seat and surrounded by three Hotties of the Living Dead. How have you been able to get away with it for so long?

Clarissa, the tallest of the zombie hotties, hangs a finger over her shoulder at the framed black and white picture of class valedictorian-to-be Angela Prescott; the one with the black armband across it that reads RIP. 

Angela used to do all our homework for us, Clarissa explains, twirling a cool ginger curl around her pale white finger. 

Then she casts major shade at volleyball star Hunter Jag and says, Until someone got a little too hungry one night last week and ate our star tutor.

How long are you going to beat that dead horse anyway? asks Hunter, sneering from beneath her straight black bangs. I dare any of you to resist the temptation of her great, giant, HUGE brain. Im not kidding you; it was GINORMOUS.

You should know, quips the third and final member of the undead, Rena Strong, whipping her blond hair back away from her radiant, if pale, face. Since you ate it.

Uh, guys, I groan, suddenly feeling six shades of queasy. Youre in mixed company, remember?

The three girls surrounding my desk give each other major can you believe this guy face before turning back to me.

So whats it going to be, Egghead? asks Clarissa as the other two kind of drift back to their desks. Help us or join us?

What, those are my only two options?

I peer across the room at the front door, mentally gauging how close I could get to it before these three zombies rip my skull open and share my brain. 

Pretty much, Miles. Now that you know, we cant let you leave this room alive unless you agree to help us.

I shake my head and stare out at the otherwise empty study hall lounge; the alternating white and green tiles on the floor, the motivational 1972 cat hanging from a tree limb Hang in There poster, the wall calendar from the cafeteria and the three blackboards on each wall.

But you guys told me, I whine, heart pounding in a way these girls will never feel again. It wasnt like I, you know, suspected or anything.

We had to tell you, argues Clarissa. Before you found out.

No, you didnt, I argue. I wouldnt have found out, I wouldnt have bothered to check because I dont really care. The only reason Im in stupid study hall in the first place is because Dean Winters told me Id get 30 extra credit points in my Civics class, and thats the only class I have less than an A in at the moment.

Everybody cares, Miles, grins Hunter from under the Map of the World. Dont you care just a little?

No, I spit. No, I really dont!

Then youd be the first, Hunter declares.

I look down on the lab style table in front of me; theyve carefully laid out three assignments they need done by the end of the week: Clarissa needs a book report done on Great Expectations, Hunter needs to cobble together 12 facts about World War II for AP History (how did she ever get in????) and Rena has an essay question due for Chorus: Who is your favorite jazz singer before 1970?

I cant do all this by Friday and my own homework.

So dont do your homework, says Clarissa, frost on her tongue.

Or stay up later, adds Hunter (not) helpfully.

Or get up earlier, smirks Rena. We dont care how you get it done, Miles, we just need you to get it done.

I watch as they beautify themselves, Rena carefully applying her makeup (again), Hunter doing her nails, Clarissa effortlessly sliding a maroon lip gloss stick across her thin lips.

So did you make the same offer to Derek? I ask, pointing to the row of framed black and white portraits next to poor, departed Angelas; each with a somber RIP ribbon stretched across it. And Clive and Marsha and Carmen?

Each and every one, Clarissa sighs, barely looking my way. Why do you think were slumming and using you?

The other two zombies chortle; yes, chortle.

I stare down at the homework, then back at Clarissa, and start to fume.

I dont get mad often, but zombies? 

Really?

And its not even the fact that there are zombies  real, honest to goodness zombies  that irks me so much as the fact that just because theyre zombies they think I should do their homework for them.

What if I dont do it? I ask.

Clarissa snorts mercilessly, as if this isnt even an option. 
You will do it.

Yeah, but what if I dont?

You will do it, Miles, because if you dont then we will bite you, and you will die, and be reborn and then you wont be able to read so hot, either. And then youll be in here with us anyway, trying to strong arm someone else into doing your homework.

See, thats the thing; the zombies wouldnt need me if they werent reading at a, say, third grade level.

I just dont understand how this can go on, I say, the thought of doing their homework for the rest of senior year making me more nauseous than hearing Hunter recount how delicious  and BIG  Angela Prescotts brain was! You know Dean Winters will be in here any minute, and all I have to do iswhat? Whats so funny?

Who do you think suggested Dean Winters invite you to study hall this period, Miles? snarks Hunter when shes finally stopped giggling. 

Okay, you guys, but so what? Maybe hes just a dirty old man who digs hot chicks and

Maybe we chose the wrong honor student, Rena points out, standing up on her long, cheerleader legs. I mean, guys, this one doesnt seem very smart.

I watch her as she walks toward me, all legs and arms, bare waist and shoulders.
 
Shes like a panther on the prowl; even her eyes are vaguely yellow.

The other two watch her as warily as I do.

Careful there, cautions Hunter, on the edge of her seat now. We need this one, Rena; were running out of honor students.

Yeah, reminds Clarissa softly. How many of Orchard Parks smartest kids can go missing before their probably equally smart parents start putting two and two together, Rena?

Relax, she almost hisses, closing in on me as I begin to notice all those things Id overlooked before: the not just pale skin but almost granite, leathery look of it up close, the almost ice cold waft of air thats followed her across the room and those dead, yellow eyes. I just want to do a little more convincing since words obviously arent working.

I gulp and look away as she slides onto the lab table in front of me and inches dangerously close.

Have you ever broken a bone, Miles? she asks simply, causing a wave of fear to ripple through my body.

Before I can reply she reaches for my hand.

I figure shes a girl, I can just yank it back if I want, but her grip isnt just ice cold, its steel strong.

N-n-n-o, I say, pushing my glasses up on my nose with my free hand. 

Too bad, she purrs, looking anything but. I was hoping this wouldnt be your first time.

With that, and just the slightest pressure, she bends my pinky in two.

It snaps quietly, like when you break a cookie in two; the pain blossoms in my hand like Ive just exploded a firework inside my closed fist.

When I scream, and I do scream, she covers my mouth, even my nose, with her hand; it muffles the sound  and my ability to breathe  quite effectively.

I struggle and squirm, the pain in my hand falling away to the panic in my lungs; I cant breathe!

Her yellow eyes smile as she takes her second hand and wraps it, almost gently, around the back of my head.

Now she applies even more pressure, her grip tightening from the front and the back simultaneously, her skin ice cold, almost like freezing metal cold, against my own.

I squirm in my seat and try to kick away from the floor with my legs, but I cant; shes so strong, so incredibly strong and fierce, all I can do is stay still and hold my breath.

It doesnt take long.

I hyperventilate, quaking under her hand, sweating, bucking, shaking; her grip never weakens.

In fact, the more I panic, the tighter it gets.

I hear voices behind me, then beside me, the other two begging her off, warning her of consequences, but soon the voices seem far away and distant; and then I cant hear them anymore.

Then I cant hear anything anymore. 

The room grows dim and I give in; then it goes black and I give out.

I wake with a start, head pounding, pinky numb, bright light in my eyes.

I sit up, feeling lightheaded, only to find myself propped against the nearest wall like some useless prop in the Drama department.

I look down to find my pinky wrapped in some kind of white funny papery material.

I say something like Whazzithumpriffleboss? and the girls chuckle, apparently relieved.

Phew, says Clarissa, kneeling over me protectively, her heaving chest flush with my face; too bad my eyesight is too blurry to full appreciate it  them  whatever. We thought wed lost you there for a minute.

What happened? I ask.

The shock from your finger must have

It wasnt shock, I spit, harshly, interrupting Hunter as I turn to face Rena, who is pacing nervously near the front door. She broke my pinky then then choked me out.

I notice Clarissa and Hunter, still kneeling over me, sharing a look.

What? I ask.

Nothing, Miles, says Clarissa, sounding different; sounding loud. Were just, worried, thats all.

Why are you shouting at me? I ask, still ticked off and trying to back away from these shrieking shrews. Im the one who should be mad at you.

My head is pounding.

Im not shouting, Clarissa says, more quietly this time, standing up and throwing shade at Rena as the pacing zombie in the doorway avoids her BFFs eyes.

I try to stand, but its hard; Im still dizzy.

The girls help me up and into my seat. 
I ask, How do you two keep your hands so warm? I thought theyd be colder somehow. They were before, I mean

They share another look, then Hunter slinks over to Rena and they confer in the corner by the door.

How long was I out for? I ask Clarissa, who no longer wraps a red strand of hair around her finger or looks quite so cocky.

She avoids my eyes but I quickly look at the clock. Its 5? How is it 5 already? How how will I get home? I mean, Ive missed my bus.

Clarissa doesnt need to consult with the other two to answer, Ill drive you home, Miles; no worries.

I shake my head, looking down, and thats when I see it; blood.

On my sneaker; a smeared we smear of blood.

I almost say something, because I hate blood, but if all Rena did was break my pinky, why is there blood?

What is this thing? I ask, carefully unrolling the fuzzy white strip from around my pink.

Its a panty liner, Rena says from the doorway, snorting. Why, havent you ever seen one before?

I dont answer, too busy staring at my bloodless pinky.

My mind reels, my pinky is bent, and slightly blue, but it doesnt hurt. 

Not at all. 

And it should, right?

I mean, Im no expert in broken bones but Ive always heard they hurt and, it sure did before Rena choked me out.

And the light is too bright in here, and when the girls whisper I can hear them, hear them even as Clarissa inches toward the other two and hisses, What did you do, Rena?

Nothing, Rena lies. 

Thats crap, hisses Hunter, quietly, looking over her shoulder to see if Im listening; I pretend to stare at my crooked pinky finger and ignore them. 
When we were out, buying that panty liner in the girls room, you did something to Miles?

I let them squabble, watching the clock carefully now; 5:01. 

5:02.

I sit at my desk quietly, watching them  and the clock; 5:03.

I take my good hand and, whenever theyre not peering over their beautiful shoulders at me, feel around my neck, my shoulders  5:04  my back, my hip, my hand, my arm  5:05.

I find it on my ankle, just below where my sock covers up my Achilles heel; a small gash, the blood already crusty  except for the smudge Rena forgot to wipe off my shoe.

No, no, not a gash; the fresh wound has two parts  and upper and a lower.
Like teeth.

Like bite marks.

5:06.

I remove my fingers from my sock slowly, and watch the clock until it reads 5:07.

Then I sit back in my chair and smile; I havent taken a breath in seven minutes.

My favorite pen sits on the corner of the lab table; Rena had moved it to sit down before she broke my finger.

My Mom gave it to me just before freshman year; just before she moved in with her new husband.

Its one of those fancy pens, metal outside and in.

It looks like it should be able to write upside down, underwater, on the moon, but it probably cant; it is heavy, solid and supposed to be completely, absolutely, 100% guaranteed unbreakable.

I reach for it quietly just as Clarissa barks, How could you? 

Then she softens her tone, looks back at me and whispers, He could be fully reanimated already, Rena.

Reanimated?

Suddenly, I like the sound of that; a whole heckuva lot.

I look at the pen in my hand, close my eyes, then close my hand.

I hear a slight snapping sound; the girls flinch, but I keep my hand closed and although they inspect me up and down from across the room, theres nothing much to see but a four-eyed geek in his Chess Club T-shirt and Boy Scout pants with the jingly zippers.

When theyve looked away again, I open my hand; the pen has broken in two.

I see a little scrape in my palm, more like a tear, but no blood.

This is it, then; its really happened.

And Rena did it; turned me.

Turned me into one of them.

Theres no other explanation; for the bright lights, the loud whispers, their warm skin, my cold skin, the dried gash on my ankle, the blood on my shoe, the superhuman strength, the broken, supposedly unbreakable, pen.

I sit them out; I wait them out.

They finally finish berating Rena and I try to look suitably miserable as they saunter back, looking slightly less confident than they had been at the beginning of 7th Period Study Hall.

You ready for that ride home now, Miles? Clarissa asks innocently, dull eyes wide and voice loud and full of fake confidence.

Yeah, almost.

Almost? asks Hunter, the slightest hint of irritation creeping back into her voice.

Yeah, I just wanted to hang back and ask Rena something?

Me? asks Rena, yellow eyes wide. I already apologized for your finger, dude.

No, points out Clarissa, purse over her shoulder, already heading for the door with a smile of smug satisfaction. You didnt, Rena; you owe him at least that much.

Yeah, purrs Hunter, inching over and giving me a goodbye kiss. You owe him an apology, Rena; that, and so much more

Then she joins Clarissa in the doorway as the three share knowing looks under the American flag at the front of the room

I grin, cluelessly, like Im still their victim, and keep my hands behind my back.

The three girls whisper something, look at me knowingly, and then two saunter out.

When the door closes, only Rena remains.

She walks over, saunters again, that panther in motion move she has down so well.

I kind of look away like the old, bashful me and wait until shes close enough to touch.

Dont you want to give me a goodbye kiss, too? I ask.

Goodbye? she asks, taken slightly aback.

Im not stupid, I whisper, looking closely at her ear. I know what you did to me; and I know that they told you to do to me again. I heard it all, Rena; every last word. So dont I deserve a goodbye kiss?

She rolls her eyes, sighs and leans in.

I never get my goodbye kiss.

I walk away from her, hands not even trembling anymore, and open the classroom door very, very slowly.

I cant believe you did that, Rena, says Hunter as the door creeks open.

Yeah, whines Clarissa, her back to the door. Where are we going to find another honors geek to do our work now?

I dont know, I croak, throat suddenly dry as I survey the empty commons area. But you better work fast. My mid-terms coming up in less than two weeks.

Miles? Clarissa asks as Hunter leans into the classroom.

Clarissa follows and, eventually, I do too.

I mean, why not?

There, on the floor, eyes eternally shut, lies Rena; half of the pen sunk deep in each ear.

Hunter runs to her friend but Clarissa stays behind, eyeing me with close, curious scrutiny.

Miles? she asks, a half-smile on her round, porcelain face.

You better call Dean Winters and whoever else knows about you three to come clean this up, I croak.

We usually clean up our own mess, Clarissa explains, but theres a hesitance in her voice Ive never heard before.

Not today you dont, I say, tugging her aside as Hunter whips out her cell, calls somebody on speed dial and starts shouting orders in that presumptuous tone of hers. You promised me a ride, remember?

Okay, Miles, sure, she agrees, still hesitant, but running out of choices now. Where are we headed?

You guys must know a good butcher, huh? I ask, stomach rumbling.

Butcher? she asks as I sling wide the double doors to the student parking lot, not bothering to hold them open for her.

Yeah, I grin into the bright afternoon sunlight of another beautiful day in Orchard Park. Suddenly, Im starved for something bloody and raw!



* * * * *


Story # 4:
Zombies Dont Swim





Ugghh, says Lavinia, shuddering as if it was 58-Degrees out and not 85.

She crawls out of the shallow end dramatically, dripping clear water all over our brand new pool deck from her long, volleyball limbs. I hate it when they bump into you, you know? Its so creepy. Gawd, why does your Dad insist on hiring those clowns anyway, Viv? Its so retro.

Somebody has to hire them, I point out neutrally, not sharing Lavinias massive distaste for the undead. Dad likes to give back to the community, you know? Besides, its not like they dont do a good job.

Anyone can do a good job, Viv; its pool cleaning, not... rocket science.

She makes her youre so dull face, which looks a lot like her Im trying not to pass gas in front of this cute guy in class face.

Besides, whats the good of having a pool boy if you cant ogle him while having cocktails with your BFF over spring break? I told you we should have used my pool.

I avoid her eyes and confess, Well, Im waiting for Scott to call and I knew if he knew I was hanging with you, he wouldnt.

Please, she says, waving a fat-free arm dismissively, her dangling butterfly bracelet slinking up and down her bony wrist. I gave it to her for Christmas last year; I dont think shes taken it off since. Get over that clown, will you already? Hes already gotten over you, trust me.

I want to, I sigh, looking away. I know I should after what he did with Sheila after the game last week, but I cant.

Please, she reminds for about the 1,000th time this spring break. You cant take him back now, Viv. What kind of message would that send?

Im not interested in sending a message, I whine. I just want him back.

Uggh, she says, that patented look of distaste smeared across her otherwise flawless face. Theres nothing worse than the tragic story of a good girl getting dumped by a bad boy. Oh, wait, heres one: the good girls best friend who cant abide the sight of a zombie cleaning her best friends pool. I take it back; that story IS more tragic.

I grin just to shut her up, and try to see if my cell phone is chirping without her noticing.

Into an awkward silence she says, Besides, you wouldnt have to actually tell Scott you were at my casa; you could always lie, Viv, you know? Like the rest of the world?

Even if I did lie, Lavinia, youre always blaring your music top-shelf and he knows Im not into that speed metal crap, so it was just easier to come here, no? Besides, I wanted you to see the new pool deck. Isnt it sweet?

She nods, admiring the cascading waterfall, the bubbling Jacuzzi, the potted palms and the brand new pavers Dad had put in the minute word came back that hed finally gotten his new promotion.

The deck Im in love with, she sighs. The dead white guy at the bottom of the pool? Not so much.

I put down my half-iced tea, half-lemonade and snort, Well, why dont you just wait until hes through to take a dip? Im sure he doesnt want you rubbing up on him anymore than you want him rubbing up on you.

And why wouldnt he? preens my best friend, positively statuesque and stunning in her tiny bikini, the kind that doesnt match with the barely there pink bottom and the almost there blue top. Stupid zombies need to come when nobodys using the pool anyway. I mean, its not like they sleep or anything, right?

I knew it was a mistake to invite Lavinia over when the dude from Past Life Pools was scheduled for his weekly cleaning. 

It had just completely skipped my mind that Thursday was pool day and, with spring break almost over, I figured Lavinia could overlook the marble heavy hunk scrubbing the bottom of our pool in order to catch some quick spring rays; guess not.

I dont know what your big deal is anyway, I sigh, craning my neck to see if I can spot Zombie Pool Boy flexing his muscles by the pool drain; no luck.

Id need to sit up a little higher to peep that and Im too comfortable for that kind of abdominal gymnastics at the moment, thank you very much.

You know if he was mortal youd be all over that in a hot minute, I tease.

She makes her frowny face and finishes drying off her hair, not just sliding down into the thick deck chair next to me but practically melting into one of the new khaki cushions Mom picked out to match the new deck.

Her limbs are honey brown from the early spring sun, her stomach empty and concave from her since-February diet.

I dunno, she hems, pouring a little more of the spiked lemonade from the cooler between us into her melted ice tea. Ive never been one for the strong, silent types, you know?

She offers me some of the lemonade and I hold out my glass with one hand, using the other to make that pinched-off, thumb and forefinger just a smidge motion; she ignores me and does the whole glug-glug all over again.

I cant yank it back because then shell spend the rest of the weekend telling everyone at school how I committed a major beverage foul so I just let her, figuring Ill pour some in the planter when shes not looking; which is usually.

She gets comfortable on the deck chair, all 6-feet-something of her, the late afternoon sun dappling off her still damp skin.

I sip at my spiked tea and lemonade, careful to pace myself. 

Its the first day with my parents out of town on Dads self-congratulatory I finally got that damn promotion weekend, and if I get too twisted too soon, well, theres no telling what trouble I can get into.

Lavinia starts texting on her sleek, silver cell phone; nothing new there.

I drift in and out of wakefulness, the hot sun and cold drink lulling me the same way the sound of Lavinias fingers quietly clacking out some kind of romance novel next to me soothe my frazzled nerves.

Jackpot! she says a few minutes later, creaking up in her chair and slipping quickly into her tiny black yoga pants.

Whats that mean?

That means I got Scott to agree to swing by here tonight, she smiles, slipping into her pink baby toll t-shirt.

What? Why? When?

What? Scott is coming over. Why? Because your loins are desperate and you obviously dont care about getting his sloppy seconds. When? Tonight. I told him your folks were out of town and to bring some friends from the team, you know, liven things up around here.

Lavinia, I groan, secretly happy, anxious, grateful and petrified all at once. I thought you said it was just going to be us tonight.

Relax, she says, reaching for her purse and sliding the offending cell phone deep inside. Ill be back before the festivities get underway.

She leans down to air kiss my cheek, takes her drink to go and sashays sexily through the side door in the back fence, where her convertible Beamer sits double-parked at the curb.

I sigh and lean back, taking a hefty sip of my drink and wondering what I might wear when Scott

A sudden rush of water catches my attention, derailing my train of thought.

Oh, sheesh, I clamor, sitting up and tossing Lavinias left behind towel over my teeny bikini and bare midriff. I almost forgot you were there.

The pool boy stands, dripping, on the second step in the shallow end.

He is of medium height, fat-free and marble pale.

His black hair is shorn close, his eyes as dark as the hair, his bathing suit snug and white with green stripes on the sides; it stretches to his knees.

Is your girlfriend gone? he asks, rubbing long, pale fingers across the deep black stubble on the top of his head as water cascades down his broad shoulders and slows to a trickle near his waistband.

Oh god, I chuckle. Why, you heard her earlier?

Heard her? he smirks, sitting down on the ledge of the pool as if he doesnt want to track water any further onto the deck. I almost came out of the water and turned her.

I chuckle lightly; its such an odd thing to say.

You guys can do that? I mean, just turn people when you want to?

Not legally, he grunts. But Im sure if they heard what I did from your friend there, the Council of Elders would let me off with a slap on the wrist if I did turn her into one of us.

I tried to stop her, I mumble, trying to remember if this is, in fact, true.

The look on his chiseled face says he doubts it. 

I didnt think you could hear down there, I say as he grows restless, looking like he wants to get back to work.

Or sit next to me; or eat my brain  you just never know with the living dead!

Yeah, well he smirks. Now you know!

I sit up a little straighter, straining for conversation.

Dads been hiring guys from the Past Life Pool Service for years now, ever since they passed the Living With the Living Dead Laws and made it acceptable for zombies to earn minimum wage.

Usually the guys they send are okay, but pretty creepy.

When the new guy showed up just after lunch and announced he was here to clean the pool, I almost dropped the last of my organic brine pickle!

Well, he starts to say, not quite sliding back into the pool.

Wait, uh can I get you something to drink?

He eyes the cooler at my feet and says, Is there anything with sugar in there?

I smirk; zombies are legendary sugar suckers!

Luckily, Ive come prepared.

I reach down into the cooler, bypass the spiked lemonade and grab a Sunshine Soda, known the world over as every zombies favorite.

Its ice cold from resting in the bottom of the cooler for so long, and feels strange in my warm hand.

I step from the chair, aware his eyes are on my legs as I let the towel drop and do my best saunter over.

Im nowhere near as good as Lavinia, but its not my first time at the rodeo and Im not sure if zombies can blink or anything, but he doesnt so Im hoping thats a good sign.

Thanks, he says, standing up to accept the drink.

He didnt look so tall before but now I see I have to look up a smidge to gaze into his soft, black eyes.

I wasnt sure what you guys drank, I stammer, sounding stupid.

Not much, he confesses, and I realize Im still holding the can and his fingers are on mine; I cant tell where they end and the can begins. But this is perfect.

I let it go and step back, finding myself at the edge of the pool.

I know hell go back to working if I dont drag this out a little longer, so I sit down and slide my legs in.

The water is cool against my shins and laps, gently, clinging to my warm, brown skin.

He takes it as its intended; an invitation to join me, sitting back down on the ledge and putting his feet on the second step.

He opens the can and drinks slowly.

His Adams apple is hard and pronounced as it works, up and down, like everything else about him.

Have you been doing this long? I ask, slowly swishing my legs back and forth through the water.

A year or so, he answers, careful to avoid staring.
If Id known he was coming, I wouldnt have worn my skimpiest layout bikini.

Do you like it?

What? Your bathing suit?

I snort, not expecting a zombie to be so quick.

Or funny or pervy or interested.

I slap him on the cold, hard shoulder and say, No, silly; your job.

Not as much as your bathing suit, he sighs, finishing his soda and setting the empty can down on the deck. But, sure, some jobs are better than others.

Whatd you do before this? I ask. 

This and that, he sighs, leaning back on his open palms the way guys do; I try to avoid the way it stretches his body out, long and lean, like cold vanilla taffy. Things got a lot better when they passed the Living with the Living Dead laws.

Yeah, how long have you been, I mean are you oh gheez

Its okay, he says, looking over at me from the semi-reclining position. Im 19, but I have been for a few years. Not too many, though, so dont think Im some 98 year old creep whos ogling you by the

I snicker, but quickly fall into his trap when I say, Now whos ogling who?

By the time weve blushed our way through an awkward silence  well, that is to say, Ive blushed enough for both of us  I ask, How did it happen, I mean?

Do you always interrogate your pool boys, because your Dad wasnt this thorough when I came for my interview last week!

Lets just say my Dads had more experience with the living dead than I have.

I see that. Its okay, Im just kidding, you know. I dont mind talking about it; not really. Not when someone actually seems to care about the answer, that is. Anyway, I was a freshman at college, pledging this stupid fraternity. Some of the guys had this bright idea to chain us to a cemetery gate during a lightning storm. You know, as a kind of initiation

He looks down at his knees, as if suddenly remembering all over again.

I feel bad now, because I dont want him to have to relive something so unpleasant but, with that setup, I dont want him to quit telling the story, either!

Didnt they know lightning is, like, the leading cause of reanimation?


Sure they did! Why do you think they did it? I mean, who wouldnt want a fraternity brother of the living dead?

He says that last part there in one of those creepy movie announcer voices, but I can tell theres still a little bitterness left behind it as well; his eyes are darker now, too. 

The funny thing, it wasnt the lightning that got us, it was what the lightning got that got us.

You mean

Yeah; lightning struck this iron grave marker. It was some kind of angel, I think. Anyway, we were all breathing a sigh of relief, you know? Near miss and all that. Anyway, five minutes later this hand reaches up through the ground and bam, instant zombie!

But I dont see any bite marks on you, I point out, his hairless torso just shy of perfection, his long legs scar-free.

He smirks and gently slides up the left side of his pristine white baggies; there, just about mid-thigh, is a huge bite mark, long since healed over and now merely a distant, rubbery, reddish gray.

Ouch, I say, desperate to reach out and touch it.

He shrugs and says, Seems like ages ago.

Then he waits a beat, extends a hand and says, Im Flynn, by the way.

I blush, look away, bite my lip and say, Im Vivian, but everyone calls me Viv.

Yeah, he says, taking my hand gently and then quickly releasing it, like he doesnt want me to get freezer burn. I heard your friend say it a few dozen times earlier.

We talk for awhile, then awhile longer, until at last the shadows start to spill across the sky, and then we talk even longer.

His voice is soothing; quiet and deep.

His stories are sad and funny and quail on mine.

Im telling one, badly, when suddenly the fence door swings open and Lavinia stands there, regal and alluring in a crinkly skirt and pink top; the kind she wears when she plans on swimming later and is merely wearing actual clothes to hide her skin tight bikini.

The hell, Viv? she says, and shes not alone.

Stumbling up beside her, beer in hand and hot pink baggies snug against his lean, swimmers body, Scott echoes her sentiment: The hell, Viv?

Flynn rockets from the water and grabs his Past Lives Pool Cleaning shirt; the one with the headstone for a logo.

He slips it on in record time, then some matching white deck shoes and says, to me, Sorry, Viv; I mean, Vivian. Tell your Dad Ill be back to finish up tomorrow, okay? Im sorry, the time just got away from me.

My Dads out of town, I say quietly, so only he can hear. Its just a little party for friends, nothing major. Please stay?

He flickers me the kindest smile, so quickly, like hes actually, maybe, almost considering it.

Then Lavinia and Scott trundle through the gate dragging a beer keg and he frowns.

I really cant, he says. It wouldnt be professional.

Damn straight it wouldnt, says Scott, trundling past with the keg and trailing a giant sleeve of red plastic cups in his free hand. Dont you dead heads have some kind of curfew or something?

Scott! I snap, but Lavinia is right there with him.

No, Viv, Scotts right. One call to the Council of Elders and your undead pool boy here is

Bye Viv, Flynn says, face stern, all trace of light gone from his eyes.

Yeah, you better bolt, Scott huffs, whipping out his phone, you know, as if he has the Council of Elders on speed dial or something.

At last Flynn smirks and sys, Actually, the curfew isnt for two hours, but thanks for reminding me.

On his way past, Flynn leans in with just the slightest mischievous intent and, with barely a tap, sends Scott flying over the keg.

Lavinia rushes to help him while I stifle a snort.

Sorry about that, friend, says Flynn over his shoulder as he creaks through the side gate. Those kegs can be tricky.

I rush to follow him, to explain, but hes already climbing into his service van.

He rolls down the window as I lean up and say, Flynn, theyre just buzzed, or drunk, or

Stupid? he adds, firing up the van with a rumbling snort.

All of the above? I offer weakly. But, you know, theyre still my friends.

Id watch out for that Scott guy, Viv.

What? Why? Hes harmless. I mean, how bad can a guy who wears pink baggies be?

Im shooting for a joke; hes scowling back.

Were not just dead, you know. We can sense things. One thing is aggression, greed lust. Your boyfriend

Ex-boyfriend, I lie unconvincingly.

Whatever, Viv; either way, I can tell, hes up to no good tonight. Just be careful, all right?

His eyes are dark and gentle again; my reaction is anything but.

You dont even know him, Flynn, I shoot back, inching out of the drivers side window. I mean, for all you know, he could be could be trying to protect me.

But even as I say them, the words ring hollow.

Me too, he says, waiting until my foot is out of range before peeling down from the hill atop which our house sits.


* * * * *


I wake the next morning in a haze, my body bent and half-naked on the couch.

When  and how  did I fall asleep in my bikini?

There is a hammering in my ear and as I look up, I see Scotts body sprawled face down across the deck chair just on the other side of the sliding glass door.

I groan, figuring the pounding I hear is just my massive hangover.

The living room is trashed, throw pillows everywhere, candle wax on Moms favorite coffee table, the bottles on top of Dads wet bar empty and sticky.

I stumble into the kitchen, grabbing a pool cover up on the way, and reach for an iced coffee in the fridge.

I shake my head, the pounding louder now; coarse and insistent.

The hell? I snap, poking my head around the fridge and seeing Flynn tapping his fingers against the slider; hes smiling.

Ugghh, I groan, reaching for a Sunshine Soda and stumbling over a broken coat rack to reach the door before he can bang any louder.

Annoy much? I snort, handing him the cola.

He smirks and says, At least I waited until sunrise, Viv; you dont know how hard that was seeing as Ive been awake for, I dunno, the last four years!!!

I crack my iced coffee and tap his can, saying, Im just glad I lived until sunrise.

I drain half the can in one gulp, the caffeine and sugar instantly making me feel at least a fraction more alive than old Flynn here.

I see youre not alone, he smirks, sneering down at Scotts body splayed sideways across the deck chair; all he wears is his ridiculous neon baggies. Everything all right?

Fine, fine, I say, waving him off casually. Nothing a few aspirin and a cleaning crew wont fix.

He smirks and eyes the litter and junk and clothes and purses and sea of red cups drowning in the waterfall, gurgling in the still running Jacuzzi and floating in the pool.

Where should I start? he asks.

Its not your job to clean up my mess, I sigh, finishing the last of my coffee and slipping my feet into what could be my flip flops; they are. Let me just get this out of the way and then

Ill start with the Jacuzzi, he says, walking over to turn it off.

I sigh, smiling secretly, until he says, Uh, Viv? Can you come here for a sec?

You dont waste any time, do you? Whatd you find, a bikini top or something?

Hes peering into the bushes to the side of the Jacuzzi, which is still gurgling; the smell of chlorine and vodka ripe in the humid air.

Not quite, he answers, finding one of those sleek Flarp video cameras strategically planted on a camouflage tripod in the new potted palm right next to the hot tub. I wonder who could have planted this? he asks knowingly, spying Scotts body sprawled out on the nearest deck chair.

You got me, I say, a blush rising to my cheeks at what might be on that camera.

Everything happened so fast, so hard, so hot, I can barely remember it all.

I do know I stayed out of the hot tub, though; I think.

Well, somebody did, he smirks sitting down on the ledge of the hot tub with his bare feet sliding inside the gurgling bubbles.

Whats that supposed to mean? I pout.

It means somebody at your little shin dig, he begins, until he remembers the crumpled beer cans and red plastic cups littering the pool deck, to say nothing of those floating on the pools suddenly fugly surface. Or, should I say, big shin dig?

Yeah, I say quietly. I guess things did get a little out of hand.

He looks from the video camera to the hot tub. Anything get a little out of hand in here Viv?

Possibly, I shrug, looking guiltily at Scotts half-naked body splayed out on the deck chair. Probably.

He nods, dark eyes darker than usual and looking almost disappointed.

Well, he says dryly, handing the camera over. You should probably do something with that before the whole world sees you and Scott getting

Hold up, I spit, causing Scott to stir, drool and moan all in the same motion. Who says Scott and I did anything in there?

He seems suddenly taken aback.

N-n-no one, he stammers, handing the video camera over. I just, I dunno, I assumed I guess. I mean, when I left last night, you were pretty much on Team Scott, thats all.

I roll my eyes and push Play, squinching down toward him and sliding onto the deck next to his chilly body. 

I slide my legs in the hot tub to inch closer so we can both watch.

The background noise on the video is loud and hard to decipher but the image is crystal clear.

Its the hot tub all right, and Scott is sliding in opposite some girl.

He looks stellar, as always, but his eyes are glassy and predatory and greedy (just like Flynn had warned me the night before). 

Hes got on the same baggies as hes wearing now, hot pink with black stripes down the side.

Nice, Flynn chortles, but I can see hes anxious to find out who the girl is just the same.

She has blondish-brownish hair and next-to-nothing on, which means she could basically be anyone at the party; even me.

Her shoulders are wet, her hair around her shoulders wet, a glass of something in one long, elegant hand; you cant see the other one, where it is or what it might be doing.

We grow quiet as Scott slides into the water; slithers, is more like it.
His blond curls are damp and wet, like hes already been in the pool, his hairless chest smooth and radiant in the glowing light of the deck lamps.
He has a beer can in one hand, and the other gently laps at the bubbling surface of the pool.

His smile is churlish and wide, his eyes raking up the front of the girl hes sitting across as if shes a slab of baby back ribs and hes just gone off a hunger strike.

He says something we cant hear because of all the background noise, nods his head and slowly the girl reaches around to the back of her neck with her mystery hand and unties her bikini top.

Wow, he works fast, Flynn says quietly; almost admiringly.

Not on me, I whisper back; because suddenly I think I know who the girl is.

Even before she stands up and inches toward him, dropping her top along the way, even before she leans over and kisses him, even before he stands up and turns around with his back to the camera and we finally get to see her rapturous face, I know its Lavinia; Id know that dangling butterfly bracelet anywhere.

Turn it off, I spit, rising from the pool and splashing him with water. Turn it off before I can see the rest.


He does, and hands it over.

I stomp over to Scott, feet wet, and shove the side of his bony hip with my damp toes.

Get up! I shout, kicking him until he starts.

Huh? What? Whats going on?

He rolls over and I toss the little blue camera into the pit of his concave stomach; its sweaty and grimy from crashing on my deck chair all night.
Heres your little souvenir from last night, I say, standing in front of him; hands on my hips, Wonder Woman style. Take it and go!

That was supposed to be you and me, he grins, standing quickly and looking around for his shirt.

Oh, wow, I snap, literally shoving him out now, my hands upon his naked back for the very last time. Which part of that revelation am I supposed to be impressed with? The part where you hid a video camera across from my Jacuzzi or planned to seduce me on the video camera cross from my Jacuzzi?

Either? he grunts, stubbing his toe on one of the rock-shaped speakers on the way to the patio gate. Both?

How about neither, creep. I should be calling the cops right now. In fact I reach out and, while hes stumbling into his $200 flip flops, snatch the camera from his fingers. I think Im keeping this for evidence.

Hey, thats mine! he shouts, reaching for it back.

Exactly, I snap, holding it behind my back and secretly sliding it into the side pocket of my flowing black bikini cover-up. Ill be sure to tell the cops that when I tell them you videotaped me without my consent.

But it wasnt you, he sneers, reaching for the back fence door to beat a hasty retreat just the same.

Thank God! I spit. You tell Lavinia to come by and get it herself. She better hurry though, Scott; I can upload it to a lot of websites by then!

He sneers at me one last time, face scruffy and feral in the early morning light, eyes bleary with hangover, tongue thick with Lavinias drool.

I slam the gate in his face and stomp back to Flynn, who is already busy scrubbing the sides of the pool.

I splash the water until he turns and, seeing me, smiles and rises to the surface like some kind of zombie Aqua man or something.

You too, I spit, kicking water in his face.

What? Me? Whatd I do?

You thought it was me on that video, I point out, watching him rise from the shallow end and forcing myself not to drool over his marble physique.

I didnt, he argues, drying himself off with a random towel from last nights party.

You did, I spit. You only watched it to prove me wrong, Flynn!

I watched it because I wanted to prove myself wrong, Viv.

His eyes are haunting, sad and clear.

I shake my head, trembling, wanting to do anything but fall into his arms; then doing exactly that.

How could I be so stupid? I ask, blubbering into his refrigerator chest.

Stupid? he asks, wrapping his arms gently around me and enveloping me in his cold, kind world. Youre not the one in the video, Viv.

Yeah, I snuffle-snort. But I wanted to be!

He chuckles and pushes me away, gently, knowing to cling to him too long is to grow cold and uncomfortable.

Already the warm morning sun heats my body back to warm, glorious normal.

If thats really true, Viv, he says quietly, not meaning a word of it. Then I really should go.

I look around at the pool area, head sore with the pressure of cleaning it up myself.

If you go, I snort again, drying tears that were never really there to begin with. Who will help me clean this up?



* * * * *


Story # 5:
Zombies Dont Carve





Echo sits in the car, pale fingers clutching the seatbelt still clicked firmly into place.

The engine idles, exhaust pluming in the rearview mirror as we sit, parked in front of my house. 

Babe, I murmur, caressing his cold skin with my warm hands. (Ooohh, I hope I never tire of that sensation.) Seriously, its going to be fine. Theyre not bad people, trust me.

I know theyre not bad people, he says, voice a little on the gravelly side. (Just the way I like it!) They dont have to be bad people to hate zombies. Havent you heard? Apparently, its Americas last acceptable prejudice!

He fumes, staring down at his slick brown shoes.

Theyre new; I helped him pick them out after the last day of school before Christmas break.

From the looks of it, hes been polishing them ever since.

I dont have an answer to that, so I just kind of sit there for a few seconds, willing myself not to look at my watch; were already six minutes late.

Not a stretch for most families; for mine, well, we might as well bring Twisted Sisters Christmas album for the evenings listening pleasure.

Speaking of, Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas oozes from the radio, some old lady from a long time ago really belting it out; he gives me an ironic smiley face, so I turn it down; then off.

He turns it back on, quietly, and explains, I was hoping thered be some news on the latest outbreak before we go in.

Last I heard, I tell him, ignoring the knot in my stomach from the live newscasts Ive been hearing all morning, the checkpoints from Thanksgiving were still holding and the governor has doubled the reservists at each hot spot.

Thats good, he says by rote, knowing as I do that what they say in news accounts and whats really happening on the ground dont always mesh. 

10 minutes, Echo, I plead. Just give them 10 minutes and if youre not digging it, if theyre even the least bit rude  aside from my little brother Zack, he cant help it  then were out of there, promise.

You say that, he says, sighing and reaching for his seatbelt. But you dont really mean it.

Hes right, of course.

We step out of the car, feet crunching on the mushy snow sliding down the street toward the gutter halfway down the slight hill we live on.

He reaches in back, like the gentleman that he is, and grabs the gaily-colored presents wed spent hours fighting over in the mall just the other day.

Despite the pasty pallor, he looks downright gorgeous in his thick turtleneck  it hides the bite marks from his run-in with a true zombie on Halloween  and starched wheat-colored chords that hug every curve hes got, and some even Ive forgotten he had.


He smells of some musky, spicy cologne he must have bought when I wasnt around (which could be any day ever since they kicked him out of school for catching the Z disease), and as I reach for the gourmet food bag behind my seat, I nuzzle his neck as he stands beside me.

Stop, he giggles, breaking his stern mask for the first time all night. It tickles.

Tickles? I gush, excited by the temperature of his freezing cold skin. I thought you zombies couldnt feel anything?

Well, I can feel that, he growls suggestively, forcing me to step away before we start something in the backseat we cant finish before dinner.

I blush slightly at the ridiculously expensive front lawn display Echo has never seen before, but Ive been embarrassed about ever since it went up the first week of December.

Mom went all out (again) this year, adding Santa hats and candy canes to last years imported-all-the-way-from-Spain life-size nativity set.

Wow, says Echo un-ironically. That is major.

I still cant tell if its a compliment, or a diss.
I guess at this point it doesnt really matter; meeting my parents for the first time, hes entitled to a few sour grapes.

So this is where you live, huh? he asks, unable to hide the slight sense of resentment in his tone.

I shake my head and say, Hon, you know how it is. Ive been meaning to bring you over, introduce you to the fam. It, just, with school and volleyball and college prep, I just where does the time go, you know?

He nods before smirking, Funny, you always seem to have enough time to hang out at my place.

Okay, you got me, I admit, boot heels crunching on the freshly-cleared stoop as we stand in front of the front door, a fresh evergreen wreath tickling my nose. Im a jerk, all right? Happy?

He smiles at my discomfort. 

Getting there, he oozes, standing nervously next to me as I reach to ring the bell.

While the fading strains of Jingle Bells echo in our heads  Dad ordered the custom-made door chime special online  I hear footsteps and Jimbos barking in the long front hall.

The door opens and immediately the scent of fresh-baked pie and basting turkey shoots out of the house like fresh balls from a cannon.

Yummmmmmmm, he says instinctively as I watch the faces of my family closely.

The door wide open now, nothing to hide, my zombie boyfriend standing right by my side, Dad frowns sternly, as if Id shown up at the front door with a tattoo-covered biker named Booger.

Mom, naturally, keeps her Its the holidays, I must maintain my composure at all costs face plastered on, blinking rapidly and clutching tight to Dads bright red Christmas sweater.

My younger brother, Zack, smiles in a way that says, Wow, this night just got a whole lot funner.

And Jimbo, our intrepid German shepherd whos been known to bark nonstop at our 6 7, 300-pound mail carrier without ever once backing down, takes one look at Echo and promptly puts his tail between his legs, scurrying into the den.

Mom? Dad? I begin nervously, hating the catch in my throat. This is Echo, my boyfriend.

He grins despite himself behind the tower of presents and croaks, Merry Christmas!

The house is alive with fireplace glow and flickering candles and the 7-foot, pre-lit tree. 

Echo takes it all in; its quite a contrast from the two-bedroom apartment he shares with his workaholic Dad, who even seven weeks after the attack still doesnt know his own son is one of the living dead.

Wow, he says while my family stands around looking speechless. You have a great place here, Mr. and Mrs. Kersey.

Why, thank you Echo, says Mom as he sets the presents down at the border of the huge stack already under the tree. And youre so kind; you didnt have to bring anything.

Echo and I wink at each other; wait until they open the presents and see whats inside.

But then, hopefully, we wont have to. 

I shut the door uneasily behind us, taking one last look into the street for any signs of rampant zombie infestation.

So far, so good, although I notice extra locks and plenty of high security house lights on the neighbors homes. 

The dinner table is already set and Dad busies himself making sure everyone is in the right spot.

Old school til the end, I cant even sit next to Echo, but must face him from across the decked out table as Zack pokes his fork into my thigh under the table and whispers, He doesnt look that bad, for a zombie I mean!

I shush him as Mom pours me a half-sip of champagne.

Mom pours some for Echo, too, who politely says, Thank you, maam, even though of course he cant drink it; cant drink anything, that is, except for the rare sip of brain juice that runs off his main dietary supplement.

Oh please, she blushes to hear such manners  my last boyfriend used to honk the horn at the curb and never even lasted til Christmas  and says, Please, call me Trudy.

He smiles and I know, if he could, hed be blushing right now.

Dad sits while Mom fusses around finishing off the last minute fussing.

I spy the frilly white gourmet bag sitting on the kitchen counter and excuse myself to join her.

Mom, I say, reaching for one of her fancy china plates. FYI, Echo cant eat, like, normal people food so I was just going to serve him this, if you dont mind.

What, you mean hes a vegetarian?

I look at her lined face, her Christmas sweater, her tightly wound hair bun and sputter, No, Mom, hes a a

I know what he IS, dear, she snorts, reaching for a mostly empty glass of wine; I can tell by the syrupy voice its not her first. Im just kidding. Lets get a look.

I untie the golden, gilded bow keeping the two wicker handles of the gift bag together, then slide out a waxy white box filled with fresh brain pate from that ritzy gourmet store in the mall.

It cost me two weeks worth of allowance, but it was worth it; I wanted Echo to have something he could enjoy on our first Christmas together. 

Uhhm, she says appreciatively as I slide it onto a plate. Smells better than my boring old turkey. I wish your father would loosen up a bit and let us have something different for a change.

I smile and pick up the plate and she grabs my shoulder.

Here, she says, adding a sprig of fresh holly to the pate. Why should his plate look any different from ours?

I smile to myself and walk into the dining room, where Dad and Echo are in the middle of a heated debate over the whole zombie right to life issue.

I mean, Dad is saying. Why should my taxpayer dollars go toward educating a zombie like yourself when you have no hope of finishing high school or, for that matter, even getting a college degree?

Echo, who Ive personally seen break bad guys in half with his pinkies, to say nothing of what can happen when he uses both of his hands, has his temper in check; if only for me.

Sir, with respect, the latest Reanimation Bill states that zombies can, indeed, go to college

Thats IF they complete their high school equivalency, son, Dad barks, knuckles white around his half-empty beer mug.

Echos petitioned the school board to let him back in after Christmas break, Dad, I say, voice pitched a little high for comfortable table talk.

Well, Dad grumbles. Well see.

Echo fumes a little, until Mom slides his plate under his nose.

I watch his gray nostrils flare, admiring the way his graying hair sets off his kind, black eyes.

Yummm, he says unconsciously as Zack leans in and whispers to me, Phew, glad its not MY brain on his plate.

I stamp his foot and then threaten him with my eyes as he opens his mouth to shriek like a little girl.

Dinner quiets the family down; it always does.

I give Echo little reassuring glances, but he doesnt need them.

Between a dry plank of breast meat and another guzzle of beer, Dad fixes me with a look of betrayal and asks, So, how did you two meet anyway?

I sigh and say, Dad, you know Ive been volunteering at the Rehab Center after school three days a week.

How romantic, Mom says through thin eyelids, another sure sign she didnt just start drinking a few minutes ago.

Echo brags, I knew her from class, but she didnt remember me. She couldnt believe a zombie had a better memory than she did!

We all laugh, except Dad, that is; he just sits there and glares. 

Nonstop; the entire meal.

I think about what Id told Echo, about getting up and jetting if the rents werent cool, but I question him with my eyes and he shrugs, giving me a no big deal look of reassurance. 

Mom, sitting close and the holiday wine buzz going strong now, leans in and asks for a bite of his brain pate.

You sure? he asks, an amused smile on his face.

Zack nudges me and I watch as Echo takes her fork and hands her back a small, firm, gray square.

Trudy! Dad barks, but she pooh-poohs him with a finger wave and licks her lips in appreciation.

They still havent determined if you can catch it through saliva, dear, he says under his breath, as if Echo  whos basically sitting two seats away  cant hear.

Gheez, Dad, Zack says. She used her own fork.

He gives Echo a kind of were cool, bro smirk and the two dig in.

I smile, not all that hungry myself, and watch the familiar Yule log crackling on the local TV station that runs it, nonstop, from Thanksgiving Day until just after midnight on New Years Eve.

All of a sudden the crackling is interrupted by a high-pitched squealing sound; one I wasnt hoping to hear tonight  or ever again.

We interrupt this regularly scheduled programming of our annual holiday Yule log for the following announcement, comes the generic voice of your typical emergency broadcast dude as the Yule log turns into a black and white test pattern on the big screen TV. 

The governor reports that the blockade at Cumberland Junction has been overrun by zombies, and that reinforcements from the National Guard have been unable to contain it. Local officials have issued a curfew for Christmas Eve, and instruct all citizens within five miles of the Junction to retreat to their safe rooms for the remainder of the

Table legs clatter, cutting off the rest of the announcement.

Its not like we need to hear it, anyway.

Been there, survived that; barely.

Mom clears the bulk of the food off the table  any kind of meat attracts the zombies, kind of like bears around a campsite  while Zack goes around dimming the lights and Dad pours his beer on the smoldering fire.

It sizzles with a faintly sour smell, and Mom gives him one of her patented, Oh Roger, you didnt douse the fire with beer again, did you frown-smiles.

Echo is up, too, turning off lamps, sliding the curtains shut in front of the tree, yanking open the presents wed brought and handing me my satchel full of black gloves and my tool belt and my black yoga pants.

Zack watches the presents slowly disappearing as Echo slides his baseball bat into a corner by the window and his machete in the opposite corner and whines, Were there any actual presents in there, April? I mean, what if we hadnt had a zombie invasion tonight? Were you going to give me a machete? Or was that for Mom?

Dad is yanking one of his shotguns out of the closet and propping it in the open door of the safe room, which is really our basement with some reinforced locks on the door.

I duck around the kitchen into the back room, where I can still see the front door from the lobby, but the whole family  especially Zack  cant watch my transformation from vaguely cute suburban Christmas chick to kick-butt zombie killing babe.

Meanwhile, in full view of the whole family  zombies arent quite as shy as the rest of us  Echo strips down on the front stoop, tossing his thick, beautiful turtleneck and snugly fitting chords behind a Santa-hatted wise man in the yard before carefully hiding his new shoes and the watch I gave him as an early present under the neon baby Jesus. 

Then, clad only in black socks and black boxer-length jockeys that are way too tight for me to ignore, he hoses himself down. 

Va va voom!

Its like some surreal underwear ad or something, this moonlight pale boy with nothing but muscles and scars hosing himself down as water bathes his marble biceps and slithers across his six-pack abs and  careful, girl!

The waters so cold it hisses steam as it rushes from the hose, but to a dead head like Echo it must be like a sauna bath; meanwhile the runoff coats our stairs with a thin patch of ice that dribbles, and eventually freezes, all the way to the street.

All the better to slip up zombies with, my dear!

He stands there in the doorway, dripping like a Playgirl pinup, as Mom gasps, Oh my!

What are you doing, son? barks Dad, chambering rounds in his shotgun as he tosses canned hams and candy canes down the stairs into the safe house; last-minute provisions in case this siege lasts as long as the one over Thanksgiving did.

(These breakouts; why do they always happen around a perfectly good holiday!?!?)

Dad, I shout, unwrapping the present that has my double-reinforced hammer inside. Its the smell; hes washing off the deodorant and cologne that makes him, well, presentable to mortals.

What for? gasps Zack, already catching a whiff of my naturally gamy boyfriend.

Echo merely smiles, steam rising off of him from the open doorway. The other zombies wont come near here if they get a whiff of the real me.

Whoa! smiles Zack, still covering his nose. Kind of like when a cat pees on its territory, huh?

Zachary! shouts Mom, finally untying her apron for the long siege ahead.

By now Ive completely changed into full-on zombie fighting chick mode, emerging from the back room in snug black yoga pants, a baggy black hoodie, short gray socks and thick black sneakers. 

Around my waist is a tool belt snatched from shop class, featuring a wide array of personal-sized hammers, screwdrivers and the occasional gleaming chisel; all the better to behead you with, my zombie dear!

Mom gasps at the getup while Dad merely shakes his head.

This is no time for games, dear, he says, tossing another box of shotgun cartridges down the cellar stairs. Now get in here with the rest of the family.

Dad, I say, making sure all my weapons are in place. You guys go down; Im going to stay up here and help Echo fight off the zombies.

You most certainly are NOT, Dad says, large nostrils flaring, forming little creases beneath the red skin of his enraged face. Echo can do what he likes. Theyre his kind, after all. But you? You belong with us.

Echo frowns from the doorway and says, Hes right, April, go on. Ill be fine.

I snort, and inch past Mom to stand between my zombie boyfriend and my uptight Dad.

While Dad fumes and Echo stands there stubbornly, Mom looks at my get-up and says, Where did you get all that, dear?

Zacks the first to say whats on everybodys mind: Shes obviously in the Resistance, Mom. I mean, look at the way shes all ready and crap! I mean, sorry  ready and stuff. There are a couple kids at my school who have the same thing; they wear all black, bring their own weapons and whenever an outbreak pops up, theyre on it like flies on, well, you know

While Mom and Dad look at each other in stunned silence, Zack says to me, Im going to join as soon as Im old enough!

I glare at him, but secretly smile.

Dad finally composes himself enough to say, Son, the last thing Ill have you do is join the ranks with these these rotting bags of flesh and bones and

Just then we hear groaning through the open front door; my mind flashes back to the last battle Echo and I had over Thanksgiving.

That same sound, those same shuffling feet, the same groaning and creaking of bones, sometimes broken, shuffling against old clothes as people flee in the street and we, the kids from the local Resistance, march forward, hammers swinging.

Echo ignores us, cracking his neck, getting his game face on.

I watch his serene face break into a growl; watch the boy I love turn into the zombie I sometimes, but not often, fear. 

I creep forward, Moms fingers clutching weakly at my arms. 

Dear, are you sure?

I turn and smile. 

Mom, I know you dont believe me but, Im really, really good at this. Youll all be safer with me out here, trust me.

I hang a thumb over my shoulder at the half-naked god standing in the doorway growling and say, Really, I learned from the best.

She turns, grabs the electric carving knife from the still dirty dinner table and says, Then Im staying up here, too.

Trudy! barks Dad, still clinging to the doorframe. 

Roger, the zombies almost got through those ancient basement windows over Thanksgiving and you said you were going to reinforce them before Christmas and you never did get around to it. Im sorry, dear, but I just cant go through that again.

Zack creeps up beside her, clutching a carving fork between his grubby 12-year-old hands and looking more than ready to defend his dear old Mom.

Suit yourself, Dad grumbles, slamming the door.

I look at Mom and give her Wtf? eyes, but she pooh-poohs me with a dismissive, Hell get over it. Five minutes from now hell be standing next to us, complaining about the empty ornament boxes I forgot to put away down there.

Suddenly the room feels empty as we listen to the clicking and sliding of no less than six locks and one giant 2 x 4 sliding into place behind the solid safe room door.

Those ominous sounds are quickly followed by Dads size-13 loafers trouncing down the stairs.

I cant believe hes doing this; deserting his family just because I dared bring a zombie home for Christmas dinner.

Has he learned nothing from my first 17 years on this planet?

Have my extracurricular activities, my straight-As, my good girl image, my adoring smile whenever he walks in the room taught him nothing about the choices Ive made?

Apparently not. 

When I turn back from the locked and bolted door, I see Zack standing protectively next to Echo.

He smiles as the boy sniffs him.

Not to be rude, dude, Zack says, rudely, but you smell like six bags of onions covered in eight bags of dog doo that have been left in a dumpster for two years!

Zachary! shouts Mom, but just then Echo crouches low and, over his bare white shoulder, we see three zombies pacing the front lawn.

They look hungry, and ragged, and Zack quickly jumps behind the door; suddenly not so brave.

(And who can blame him? Even with all my training, those brain suckers still freak me out!)

I grab him, and literally toss him back toward Mom so I can stand between the two.

Zack gives Mom a when did she get so strong? look, but is too scared to follow it through all the way to the end.

Mom regards me more closely, too busy to ask too many questions; yet, anyway.

Echo steps forward onto the stoop, keeping a steady foot on the slippery ice.

The zombies stop on the lawn and snort, sniffing the air like rabid dogs in heat.

They take a tentative step forward, frozen grass crunching beneath their feet, and I tense with my hammer at the ready, but they eventually shuffle past, leaving everyone inside breathing a sigh of relief. 

But thats not enough for Echo; he looks at me, smiles at Zack, nods at Mom and  before I can stop him  slams the front door.

There is such force behind his power that the whole front wall of the house shakes.

I run to it, desperate to join him, but he crushes the doorknob outside in his super strong hands and I cant budge it no matter how hard Ive been training these last few weeks.

I watch through the picture window next to the door as he trudges through the snow, down to the street now, lurking low and using the dark of our yard to follow the zombies.

Hes quite the gentleman, dear, Mom sighs, nibbling on a cold piece of turkey to steady her nerves. Not like some men I could

Just then I hear barking from the back room; Jimbo!

Wed forgotten all about him!

Zack turns, running to protect the dog hed raised from a pup, but too soon I hear a telltale yelp, then a squeak, then silence.

Then chewing.

Lots and lots of chewing.

Oh no; not Jimbo.

I run toward the door, hammer in hand, and kick it wide open.

Jimbo lies on the floor, twisted, bloody, coat marred with bright red blood, our next door neighbor feasting on his hind leg.

Get up, Mr. Witherspoon! I shout, as Mom and Zack crowd the doorway behind me.

I go to slam the door, to keep them out, but Zack stops it with his foot.

He wants to see.

In a weird, way, he needs to see. 

I hear grunting, and Mr. Witherspoon  the mousy guy who runs the reference desk at the public library  looks up from the dogs hind leg and growls at me.

I lurch, and he stands, sniffing the air and then backing away.

I follow him, through the room, out the sliding door hes smashed, and into the back yard.

He backs away the whole while, sniffling, sniveling, clutching Jimbos hind leg like a drumstick in his bloody, broken hands. 

I stop at the sight of several more zombies in the backyard, bloody and ragged things with bloodstained snow on their feet, expecting a mad dash for the broken slider; they, too, wrinkle their noses and keep sauntering on.

Nothing to see here, folks. 

I turn, and Mom shakes her head.

So its true, says Zack, avoiding the sight of his mangled dog by focusing in on his big sisters secret. You can catch it from saliva!

Catch what? I sneer, but only because hes right.

When he doesnt answer, when Moms eyes wont stop begging the question, I shut the back room door behind me and follow them back into the living room.

Okay, okay, I confess. I was going to tell you.

When? gasps Mom, reaching for the wine.

Tonight, at dinner.

Sweet! says Zack. My sisters a zombie!

Not quite, I say, rubbing his head. Half-zombie.

But you look so normal, dear

A door crashes behind us, making us all crouch as if a shots rung out over our heads, and Im hoping its the front door and Echos changed his mind, but instead its the cellar door.

The safe room door.

A door no human could crash through; ever. 

Dad! I shout, leaping to action as bloody hands finish turning the cellar door into splinters  and my Dad into the living dead.

Dad makes it halfway into the living room, grabbing onto the Christmas tree stand frantically with bloodied hands, before the zombies get him.

Even over Dads screams I hear the crunching of teeth on bone as I sprint past his writhing arms and bleeding gums.

There are three zombies gnawing on Dads admittedly meaty calves; two of them local neighbor kids (I never did like either of them) and one a stranger in a flannel shirt and overalls.

I club them all viciously, brains splattering on the cellar steps and even up onto the ceiling, until they run  or fall  away.

Dad has managed to pull himself into the living room proper as Mom cries into his bald spot and Zach uses Christmas ribbon as tourniquets on both of Dads legs.

Zack is frantic, crying, wrapping like a mad man, bloody like a serial killer and I kneel to him and say, Its too late for that, Zack.

He ties them anyway as we yank Dad up and turn him around, until his back is against the wall and hes staring at us with sweat  and blood  pouring down his broad forehead.

Just then the living room picture window implodes and Echo steps calmly over the shards to step next to the fallen Christmas tree.

He sizes the scene up in seconds; the blood, the safe room door, Dads gnarled legs, Zacks bloody hands, Moms useless tears. 

April, he says somberly, tenderly, but I cant run to him now.

Dad is mumbling so I lean in, his breath already foul, his eyes turning yellow, the Dad I knew becoming the monster Ill see in my nightmares 20 years from now.

What, Dad? I ask, leaning in more closely. Whats that? I cant hear you.

More loudly this time, he rasps two words: Kill. Me.

I stand, and back away; all my training failing me now as Mom clatters into a dining room chair, guzzling the rest of her wine in two large swallows as she looks away from the man she no longer knows.

Zack hides behind her, clutching to her like he did as a little tyke on the first day of kindergarten.

Take them, Echo orders me, reaching for the spare shotgun in the open closet. Upstairs, out back, wherever, April; take them somewhere so they cant hear.

There is a low growling on the floor behind him, and when I look up Dad is sniffing Echos leg like a bear at a fresh campsite.

Hurry, he says as I gather Mom and Zack tightly to me, shuffling them past the room where Jimbo lies congealing and around the corner toward the den, where I crank up the Christmas music on Dads old school stereo as loud as it can go.

As Bing Crosby croons, as the snow falls, as Mom covers her ears and Zack stares out the window at a dozen dragging zombies, I hold my ear to the door.

Ill never know what Dad said to Echo, if anything; or what Echo said to Dad. 

I only know that I dont flinch when I hear the shotgun blast, and that Echo has cleaned the blood off  all of it  when he finally comes to get us long hours after the latest infestation has come and gone.

With the sirens racing down the street, and lights flashing in their wake, we spend the rest of Christmas the only way we can these days; hunkered down, stomachs rumbling, with the ones we love.

Or, at least, the ones we trust



* * * * * 



Story # 6:
Zombies Dont Dance



Driver?

His shoulders kind of hunch when he hears my voice through the open partition that separates us. He hasnt quite gotten used to driving a zombie around yet. 

Sir? His voice is as hoarse as mine, but not from decades of drying vocal chords or even years of not speaking to another living  or un-living  soul. I can smell the smoke stained into his clothes from way in the backseat.  

Can you can you pull into that diner up on the right?

He flashes me a look, half-impatient, half-relieved, in the rearview mirror. 

Next to me, so close shes practically on my lap, Caras hand digs into my own. Its soft and warm against my undead skin. 

Sir? asks the driver.

Rex? asks Cara.

Trust me, I tell them both, without looking at either.

Cara sits up straighter. Rex, honey? 

She looks perturbed, her long, oval face downcast as the running lights inside the white stretch limo reflect off her dark brown eyes. Theyre accented tonight with just the right amount of dark eye shadow to match her maroon lip gloss, which of course matches her short maroon dress. Were gonna be late.

The driver gives me one last look before hitting the blinker. I nod and on it goes.

Cara says no more, but shifts away on the seat until there is enough space for another person between us.

The diner is called, simply, Daves and were right on time. I look around, figuring Chester might be the kind of nervous dude who shows up an hour early, just to ruin all my hard work this week, but theres no sign of his dilapidated bike anywhere.

So far, so good.

The car stops in front of the curb and the driver gets out, opening Caras door. She slides from the car reluctantly, but Im already on the curb and in front of the diner.

She looks at it, face crumpling from the other side of the limo. Its like she doesnt want to get too far from the car, in case she might never see it again. As if her entire senior prom is attached to the cheesy white stretch and, if it leaves, everything goes with it. 

Her voice is sad and soft, which it gets sometimes right before it gets hoarse with rage. I thought I thought we were going to Garibaldis Trattoria downtown?

I shrug. We will, I just indulge me, all right?

She frowns at the limo driver, a middle aged guy with white hair already. He nods and gently shuts the door as she walks over to me, awkward in her high black heels. Even before I turn to the door, I hear the flick of the drivers lighter. 

There is a bell over the diner door that chimes when I open it. Cara walks in, already frowning.

A waitress, a fellow Shuffler, croaks without looking up from the cash register, Find a seat wherever you like.

It shouldnt be hard. Its prom night, and the place is practically deserted. I head for a booth in the back and Cara follows. She goes to sit along the wall, in the seat facing the door, but I dont want her to see Chester until after Ive had a chance to explain.

I beat her to the seat, not the easiest thing to do when your prom date is the captain of the girls volleyball team, and when she gets cute and tries to slink beside me, I kind of linger at the edge of the booth and say, We should probably talk face to face for a change.

Ive never been a booth-sharer and she is and this is as good a time as any, I suppose, to break her from the habit.

She harrumphs down across from me, slamming her little black clamshell shaped purse on the pink paper placemat. So far, by the way, youre sucking the life out of my prom. I just wanted you to know.

My ears perk up. Thats why were here, actually.

Yeah, like I said, to suck the life out of my prom.

Well, Cara, its more like to derail your prom.

She rolls her eyes, not getting it. God, I hate when you get all philosophical.

The waitress shuffles over, two greasy menus in hand. She kind of ignores me and focuses on Cara. What can I get you to drink, Hon? Ooohh, I love the dress.

Cara brightens. Shes sensitive about her muscular arms and legs and went back and forth, for weeks, about wearing such a revealing dress. 

Cara goes into instant girly mode. You think? Its not too much?

The Shuffler  her nametag says VERA in all capital letters  waves a pen in solidarity. From what most girls wear these days, honey? Its downright demure.

Cara snuggles into the back of her booth with satisfaction. Thanks! Ill have a coffee, I guess. Then she leans into Vera and adds, I hope were not staying long enough for dinner.

Well, I think but dont say, youre not, anyway.

Same for me, I add. Vera nods and turns toward the cash register with a quick wink to Cara. 

Its like that, between zombies. Theres this kind of begrudging acceptance of each other, but were all too self-conscious about actually being one to, you know, associate with one another. 

At school, its the same. There are maybe a dozen zombies at Nightshade High, under the Undead Education Act of 2017, and I know them all but rarely hang out with any. 

Cara fiddles with her hair nervously, looks at her reflection in the giant plate glass window beside her. Her first reaction is to frown, but I think shes beautiful. Always have, and not just because her flesh is soft and warm.

So, Rex, why are we here?

She fiddles with the strap of her purse, which is like little black chain link or something, and makes rasping sounds across the chipped linoleum table top the whole time. 

I, well, I guess Ill just come right out and say it: I cant go to prom with you.

She shakes her head, not taking me seriously; again. This again? Dude, I told you, you wont be the only zombie there. There are, like, four or five of you going this year.

Its not that, Cara.

Then what is it? Her eyes are hopeful, not believing me, not wanting to believe me. 

Cara, you knew when we hooked up that I was different.

She looks at my gray skin, my dark eyes, the rented tux bagging off my bony body and says, eyes sarcastically round, You dont say?

I shake my head. I mean, that there was more between us than just me being undead.

She shoots a frustrated sigh out of her barely parted lips, the kind that flip up her short bangs. So far, theres been nothing between us. She says it with the same air of frustration she always does.

Yeah, thats my point. Even though it may be legal now, its just not natural for us to be together.

So why did you say yes then, Rex? I mean, were here, the dress, the tux, the limo. You just spent forty-five minutes posing for pictures with my family, and were delightfully charming the whole time. Then, the minute we get around the block, you drag me into this

Suddenly Vera shuffles into view, silencing Cara as she deposits two cups of coffee in front of us. From the crook of one finger materializes a dented can of creamer. Sugars on the table, she says, mostly to Cara. Help yourself.

Yourself. Not, yourselves.

I sigh and use neither; it just upsets my stomach anyway.

Cara uses both, because shes nervous and probably hasnt eaten all day to fit into that dress and wants something to do with her hands, probably, instead of wrap them around my neck. 

She sips it, twice, to make sure its good and then looks back across the table at me. So, what is this? Youre breaking up with me? Tonight?

I shrug. She doesnt expect a non-answer.

What? She puts her coffee cup down with a clatter that sends a few creamy brown drops spilling over into the saucer. You are?

Im not breaking up with you, Cara. Im just I cant take you to prom.

She clinks her spoon and straightens her placemat and a little more coffee sloshes into her saucer. When when did you decide this?

Last week.

She looks like shes been punched. I look away. 

And youre just telling me now?

Im sorry, Cara. This isnt easy.

She huffs. For you? Sure it is.

No, it isnt. But I cant do this anymore. I cant I cant go to another prom.

So you went last year, big deal.

I give her my shocked face. She gives me her sarcastic face. Cara, just how long do you think Ive been re-alive?

She looks me up and down. Awhile.

Youre not curious? How long Ive been like this?

She shrugs. I just assumed it happened in the Outbreak of 2015? Or maybe the one a few years before that?

I wish, I sigh, and for once I truly mean it. Oh, to only be a few years re-old rather than a few decades reanimated.  

So, just how old are you? Her voice is hesitant, her fingers frozen on either side of her coffee cup. I like her new shade of maroon nail polish. I should have told her that earlier, before all this. 

Now Ill never get the chance. 

You dont want to know.

Her voice cracks a little, and if my heart wasnt already as dried out and twisted as a sock you find in the back of the dryer, it would twist a little more. Yeah, if youre dropping out of prom, I want to know.

I sigh. You know Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Slayer?

Her face gets that crumply look again. Yeah.

Well, lets just say I knew him back when he was Abraham Lincoln, Diaper Defiler.

Thats not funny, Rex.

I know its not.

She sags at the shoulders, like all the energys just gone out of her. She looked the same when I stumbled into Detention a few months back. Dean Mortimer wasnt there yet, and we were the only two sentenced for the afternoon, so I sat a few chairs away, just in case she was anti-Shuffler.

You never know how a mortal will react, especially a pretty, popular one like Cara Fleming. Ace yearbook photographer. Captain of the girls volleyball team. Probably headed to State, or better, on an athletic scholarship. Or an academic one; take your pick since, no doubt, shed qualify for both. You know the type. Not exactly fall-in-love-with-a-zombie material, if you know what I mean.

She sniffed a little after a minute or two, to let me know it was okay to break the ice. I took one look at her and said, What are you in for?

She snorted. It sounded so kind and generous and embarrassed and angry at the same time. It was hard to concentrate on what she was saying, but it must have happened in practice because she still had her little white volleyball shorts on, and one of her shin guards was missing, and her sleeves were rolled up and her tan skin looked so young and supple.

She said, she actually said, Hello, my eyes are up here, but in a weird way, like maybe she didnt mind if my mind was dining on her flesh.

I looked away and put a hand over my face. She seemed to like that. The Dean never showed up, and we could have left at any time, but we sat there, just talking. Talking, talking, until Detention was supposed to be over. Then we talked for twenty minutes more. 

I walked her home because shed missed her ride. She asked me in, said her Mom wasnt home, but I declined. It was a short walk back to school, where I had my bike. I asked her, instead, if maybe shed like me to walk her to school the next day. She thought for a minute and then nodded before shutting the door, quick, before she could change her mind.

I thought it might be awkward the next morning, like maybe shed regret agreeing to it but do it anyway, out of guilt, but no. She came out of the door with two bananas, and handed me one. When I told her I couldnt eat human food, she blushed and tossed them both in the nearest bush.

It picked up right where wed left off the day before, and we started hanging on the regular. A month or so later, she asked me to prom. It was senior year, she said. She hadnt gone steady with anyone for months, she said. Id look good in a tux, she said.

Really good, she said. (And I had to agree; tuxedos are about the only things we zombies look good in. Even girl Shufflers. Its a true fact.)

So I agreed. But now, now Ive done this so many times, and its not right. I just cant do it anymore.

Dont you see? I ask. Im way older than you. Im Im ancient. It would be like you going to prom with one of your friends dads or something.

Yeah, she jokes hopefully. But not like one of my friends granddads, right?

No, I admit, but do you even want to get close to going there?

She looks at me closely then, and I can feel her doing the math as she scans the lines on my face, the toughness of the skin at my throat. Still, after all that, the twinkle in her eyes doesnt really diminish. 

This should be your night, Cara. A night to hang out with friends your age. With a guy your age.

No one else will go with me, she admits, then quickly catches herself. You know what I mean. I didnt ask anybody else, is what I mean. I like this. I like us. I want to go with you. Youre the boy I want to spend this night with, Rex.

She reaches over and touches my hand. Its never bothered her, ever, the temperature of my skin. Not now, not that one time last week when we finally kissed, under the bleachers after she snuck out of Home Ec to meet me. It was stupid, I know, to lead her on, but her lips. I dare you to look at those lips, dead or alive, and not want to kiss them.

And that was when I knew I couldnt go to prom with her. The minute after we kissed. Someone, someone human should be enjoying those lips, and she should be enjoying some humans. 

Thats just it, I growl, in a way I rarely do around her. Im not a boy.

Her hand clenches mine even harder. Thats what I like about you, Rex. Youre not a boy.

The bell over the door dings and the waitress looks up. She blinks twice at the tall, goofy guy in the powder blue tuxedo I lent him. 

He looks up at me and I motion he should sit at the empty counter. He nods, apples in his cheeks, the dewy look of sweat on his forehead, just beneath his chestnut brown curls. 

Im not going to rob you of your senior prom, Cara. I may be one of the living dead, but Im not a total dick.

Oh really?

Yeah, really.

So, then, tell me how is you standing me up at the last minute not, like, the most dickish move ever?

Because. Because I found you a replacement.

Her eyes narrow, her shoulders tense. Hows that?

I sit up a little straighter and grip her hand. She only pulls back, a little. Do you trust me?

Her voice sounds hurt and her eyes get a little misty. I thought I did.

Listen, forget tonight. Did you trust me this morning?

She pauses, nods. Yes.

So trust me now. I found you a replacement, and though you may not swoon when you hear who it is, you have to trust me that, if you open yourself up to it, you will have an awesome night if you go with this guy.

That is probably the worst introduction Ive ever heard. He must have three heads or something.

I watch Chester Poindexter dump too much sugar in his coffee. Not quite, but I know you, Cara. I know the you inside of you. I know how important it is to spend prom night with someone who is absolutely in love with you.

Unlike you, you mean?

You know how I feel, Cara. I mean, mortal love. I mean, same age as you love; physical love. And trust me, this guy loves you intensely.

What guy, Rex? What guy?

I pause. Humans dont scare me often, at least unless they have direct access to a chainsaw, flamethrower or bazooka, but the shrieks of a disappointed girl are nothing to sneeze at. Before I tell you, you have to promise not to scream.

Oh my God! I can hear Chesters coffee cup clatter against his saucer from five booths away. Who did you get to replace you, Rex? My Dad? Coach Wannamaker? That one janitor with the boil on the end of his nose?

No, no, its nothing like that. I lean over the booth to shoosh her. Its just, hes not the captain of the football team or that foreign exchange student I see you drooling over at B Lunch.

You saw that?

Im undead, Cara, not blind.

Even now, even after all Ive said to her, she looks contrite. Oh, sorry.

Thats just it, Cara. You need a living boy, a human boy, a boy-boy, to share this night with you. I cant rob another teenage girl of one of the most important nights of her life.

Okay, so, if I cant go with you, and it IS so important, then why not replace yourself with the captain of the football team or that juicy foreign exchange student. I mean, do a girl a solid why dont you?

Juicy? Really?

Shes losing her patience. Just answer the question, Rex.

Because those guys arent for you, Cara. Those guys will want just one thing from tonight, and even if you do, too, the guy I replaced myself with is a whole lot better. For you.

She rolls her eyes. Whats wrong with you? Who are you looking at back there? Why do you She gets it; suddenly and blindingly. Her date  her prom date  is behind her. Oh God, hes already here, isnt he?

Please dont turn around yet

Its too late. She turns, spots Chester and then turns right back around. Fortunately, he was wiping coffee off of his boutonniere so he didnt see her panicked reaction.

Now its Caras turn to lean over the table. Chester? Chester Poindexter? Even his name is a joke! Are you kidding me? Thats who Im supposed to spend prom with?

You have to trust me, Cara.

Why? How? In what universe is spending prom with Chester  Chester!  supposed to complete my life?

She picks her coffee cup up and then puts it down nervously. Then picks it up again, holds it in front of her mouth. Shes been twisting it around in its saucer while we talk, and now the lipstick stain is facing me. 

I asked you to trust me.

She opens her mouth to fight, to fuss, but shuts it again; nods, somberly. Okay, I will.

I dont expect that. Not. At. All. I start to ramble, suddenly, inexplicably, stupidly: I sit behind him in art. He draws you, constantly. Not in that gross way some guys will, all half-naked in armor riding a giant dragon between your legs, but your face. He gets it right, too, like hes really studied it. The wisps of your hair, tucked behind your ears. The way your eyes get big when youre excited, the shade of your favorite lipstick.

I can see her eyes softening even as she shakes her head. And hes funny, I blurt, as if running out of time. I sit a table away from him in B-Lunch and hear him with his friends.

Friends? Why dont you call it what it is, Rex: The daily meeting of the Nerds Who Think Revenge of the Nerds is a Rocky Movie Society?

I snort. Okay, but so what? While hes with his friends hes funny, the funniest of that group.

Thats like saying hes the cutest one in that group.

Well, he is.

She frowns, then slides her cup toward the edge of her stained placemat. I go to speak more, to defend Chester more. To tell her about his gentle brown fingers when he sketches her, that time I followed him home from school and watched how he took care of his grandmother, made her dinner, wheeled her in front of the TV. How he lost his parents in the first infestation. How he lives in a crappy neighborhood. Rides a crappy bike to school, the works. 

But she is already opening her compact, looking at it, sliding a wisp of hair behind her ear, reapplying makeup, sucking in her cheeks, letting them out with a sigh of minty fresh breath.

Okay, Rex, she says with finality, standing up and smoothing down her snug maroon dress. I stare at her black stockings, the tall shoes, her legs for miles and there is suddenly a wisp of regret shuddering through my dried, cracking veins. You asked me to trust you, so Im going to trust you.

I look up, catch her eye. And and youre going to have a nice time?

She looks away from me, toward Chester. I turn slightly and follow her gaze. Chester sees her, eyes getting all buggy, and stands, wiping his sweaty palms on the sides of his light blue dress pants. He smiles, that gentle smile Ive been studying for days.

I turn back and watch Cara blush. She turns back to me. Im going to give it my best, Rex.

She takes a step forward, away from me, toward him. Her heels are loud and cold on the tile floor. Then she turns, leans back. Im going to try and enjoy myself, and then were never going to speak again.

Wait, what? I rise to stand and she smirks, gently pushing me back into my seat.

Whatd you think was going to happen, Rex? Ive been looking forward to this night for weeks, months even. You dump me at the last minute, replace yourself with some guy I barely know and, what? Were going to talk about it tomorrow like a couple of BFFs? Not gonna happen

I nod, suddenly jealous. I listen to her heels clap on the tiles, listen to Chesters coffee cup clatter as he stands, listening to his voice crack as he says, H-h-h-i Cara.

Hers is smoother. Hi Chester. Thanks thanks for being my date at the last minute.

There is an awkward pause where I swear I can hear Chesters eyelashes trembling, then the chime of the bell over the door. I turn toward the plate glass window at my side and see Chester open the back door of the limo for her. I smile to see the expression on his smooth, brown face. Its like he cant decide which to be more jazzed about: an actual limo or him holding a limo door open for Cara Wells. 

THE Cara Wells. 

She smiles at the gesture, making me regret that I didnt do the same earlier tonight when I had the chance. Chester helps her inside, his smile wide and anxious with the mere touch of her hand. When the last of her heel disappears inside, he turns to find me looking at him.

He nods and does one of his gentle, bashful waves. Then nods again, then turns and slides inside quickly, as if I might change my mind and reveal this has all been some cruel, practical joke.

I watch the limo peel away from the curb, then sit in absolute silence. No, thats not quite right. With Cara gone, I can suddenly hear the soft music playing overhead. Something instrumental, a guitar maybe. Something by the Beatles? The Stones?

Soft shoes walk over and the waitress slides the light blue Zombies Only menu in front of me. I sit back and loosen my stiff, black bowtie. 

Whats good? I ask.

Her zombie eyes stare back, gray and soft. The brain smoothies on special, she says, voice hoarse, pen poised in her grayish-green fingers.

I smirk. Yeah, but is it good?

She shrugs, looks busy. Uninterested. Its mostly scraps.

I think of the hundred bucks Id given Chester, to show Cara a good time. It left me mostly broke until the government sends me my monthly allowance check next week. Sounds good to me.

She nods, writes it down out of habit. Prom night?

I finish undoing my tie. Howd you guess?

Another shrug. Youre throwing in the towel, huh?

I look up with a questioning glance. Shes been background noise for most of the evening, but now I take a closer look. Shes young. By that I mean, she can pass for young. No zombie is young, even a new one. But they look like their age when they died, for the most part. And they look that way forever. 

She was probably reanimated in her early 30s. Maybe even her late 20s.

Towel?

She waves a dish rag at my tux, so crisp and polished and new. Giving up on proms, she explains.

I guess.

She nods. How many you been to, all told?

Two while I was alive, almost thirty since Ive been dead.

That why you broke up with the little hottie there? Sent her off with a living date?

I shrug. Pretty much.

She nods, but doesnt go anywhere. So I ask, You think it was the right decision?

Doesnt matter what I think, prom boy.

Then she stands and starts away. She stops, leans back in. But Ill put it this way: your brain smoothies on me, just because.

I smile, then slide out of my jacket. I take out my cell phone, expecting a text from Cara any minute. Something rueful and sarcastic, like, Thnx! or Booooring, but nothing comes. 

Not then, not after Vera brings me my brain smoothie, not after she takes it away, not when the diner is closing and Vera gently, with a smile, tells me I dont have to go home but I cant stay there any longer.

I walk home, checking the cell phone every few minutes. Nothing. I think about walking out to the school, peeking in the gym all duded up for prom. I dont sleep, not really, and walking a few miles or more a day is nothing when you cant really feel your legs, but I decide against it. 

Ive made my bed, now I have to lie in it. I just hope Ive made the right choice for Cara, and that Chester isnt disappointed by going on a date with the girl of his dreams.

I dont think he will be. He strikes me as the kind of guy that even if he is disappointed, even if Cara dumps him and runs off with her friends to cry in the punch bowl  which I dont think shell do  hed still sketch pictures of her in Art Class on Monday morning.

At least, I hope so anyway



* * * * *


Story # 7:
The Zombies Halloween Costume



I always pay cash. Every year. It takes me awhile to save up, grabbing stray pennies on the ground here, a crumpled dollar bill there, but I do it. Every year, by the end of October, I do it. I keep it all in a big pickle jar in the back of the crypt, like my mom used to in her bedroom closet.

You know, before the outbreak. 

I dont even have to hide it.

The others grumble about money being useless to a zombie, but I dont care. Most of them are stupid anyway, and not just stupid in that slow, shuffling zombie way but born stupid, before they were turned. Mouth breathers, I call them, even though they cant breathe.

I stand on top of the drug store roof, crouched low, looking out across the town. Nightshade is a small town, especially from above, where it looks like a map laid out across some big, giant desk. Theres Main Street, with the drug store, the post office, the movie theater, the mens shop, the womens shop, the ice cream parlor, the diner. 

Pine Street cuts across just past the bowling alley, and there are a few car garages, a body shop or two to the left, and to the right a few more restaurants, the Burger Barn with the drive-thru, and beyond that the houses start.

Its late now, just after 4 AM (or does that make it early?), but since I dont need to sleep it never really matters what time it is. My mom took me to Vegas once, before. We stayed at a casino and even though I was underage shed slip me quarters now and then to feed to the slot machines. 

I remember sitting there, looking around, wondering what time of day it was. There were no windows, no clocks, and it got to be a game to put my cell phone away and guess what time it was. 

One time, we sat and played until 3 a.m. and I could have kept going all night long. They kept bringing us free sodas and my brain was all off from the long flight and, it just felt like the middle of the day all the time. The Afterlife is a lot like Vegas. Sure, there are windows and doors but you dont really care what time of day or night it is anymore. 

I look out over the town and watch the jack o lanterns flicker on porches a street or two away. Black and orange lights blink around the window in the mens shop and theres a witch who keeps bobbing, endlessly, silently, in the window of the fabric store. Someone must have forgotten to turn her off on the way out the door.

I smile, my skin tight and cold. October 30 is like Christmas Eve for me, and I guess that makes Halloween just like Christmas. Its the one night, the only night, I can walk around Nightshade freely, nobody stopping me, running from me, threatening me, calling the cops on me or straight up pulling a gun on me.

I pry the air conditioning vent off the uneven, bumpy roof and slide it to the side. The crawlspace just below is dark and damp but, compared to where I live, it might as well be a living room. I balance myself on a small landing while I pry loose the same ceiling tile I did last year. I know because I marked it on my way out with a little pumpkin sticker.

Just beneath is a high shelf stocked with paper towels and toilet paper, which makes for a soft landing as I slide down and land on my rump. Its a small leap to the floor and then, Im in. 

The store feels familiar, like visiting Santa Claus at the mall every Christmas. I only break in once a year, and its always Halloween Eve, so I guess its kinda the same thing, more or less.

Its a small drug store, not like a brand name unless you consider Schmidts Wholesale Prescriptions and Sundries a Fortune 500 company. Theres an aisle for diapers and toilet paper, one for sunscreen and athletes foot gel, one for aspirin and cold medicines, one for greeting cards and fold-up canes and, aside from the cash register up front and the pharmacy window in the back, thats pretty much it.

Except, except, for every October Mr. Schmidt makes room in the front of the store for one aisle of the cheese-ball-iest, corniest costumes on the planet, plus a few cardboard displays full of tubes of fake blood and those cheap plastic spider webs.

Oh, and a full length mirror so the kiddies unlucky enough to have to get their costumes at Schmidts Pharmacy can see themselves as they try on the Bumble Bee or the Fairy Princess or the Captain USA, or even the Clown.

I look in it now, another annual event. I try to avoid mirrors at all costs, and there isnt one back in the crypt, so its quite a shock to see the gray pallor, the stubbly hair that never grew back, the yellow eyes and teeth to match. I look away, quickly, and focus on this years Schmidt Pharmacy Costume Collection. 

The rack is mostly full, even though its the night before Halloween, because youd have to be completely and utterly clueless  or desperate  to come here to get a costume. That, or your parents got a flat tire on the way to Value Mart over in Bramble Wood. Or maybe youre staying with your grandparents and they still think clown costumes are totally cutting edge.

It doesnt matter to me, though; I get the same thing every year anyway: cheap plastic hockey mask, a tube of fake blood, gray zombie hand gloves and a bright red wig. 

Last year it came to $15.79, and I left $16, but this year it comes to almost $18. I brought $19, because you never know, and theres no sense taking home the change, so I leave it all on the counter, under a Halloween Town snow globe for a paperweight by the register. I bag it all up in one of the free trick or treat bags Mr. Schmidt always gives away to anyone who spends over five bucks in October, and drag it all up onto the roof with me. 

I smile, and stand, and look out over the town. The sun is vaguely rising now, and Mr. Schmidt will be here soon. I open the bag and slide the mask out. I drizzle fake blood all over it, and my plain white T-shirt underneath my baggy black hoodie. I dribble the last of it on the bib of my overalls, then dump the empty tube back in the bag.

The mask feels slick and cool on my face, the wig tight and scratchy on my head. I slide on the gloves, smirking that these are what Normals think a zombies hand looks like; theyre ugly and thick and gray, with black veins up each finger and black nails on each fingertip, but it keeps the humans from scoping out my actual zombie hands.

When Im ready, I climb down off the roof using the same fire escape I climbed up. The roads are still deserted but the sun is threatening. I linger at the edge of the park, inching toward the side closest to Nightshade High School. Theres a bench in the park, near a fountain, under a shade tree. I sit there, calmly, waiting for the first school bus to arrive.

It hisses to a stop an hour later, and nearly half the students who get off the bus are dressed just like me. Okay, switch out the hockey mask for a gorilla mask, a red wig for a blond one, a hoodie for a lab coat, a sexy Cinderella costume for the overalls, and its pretty much the same thing. 

I smile beneath the mask, and wait for the inevitable slackers to show up in the park. Even when I went to school there, the fountain was a regular hangout for the smokers, the stoners or the outcasts. Four kids show up, half of them in costume. 

They stand around, close to me, but not next to me and eventually one of them, a girl dressed like a sexy nurse, nods in my general direction. Shes smoking, big puffs like maybe she isnt inhaling, and she inches closer, offering me one. I take it, fumbling with my zombie gloves. 

She laughs a little, chirpy laugh. 

She has a bad dye job and chubby cheeks and large, green eyes. Her nails are bitten to the quick as she lights my cigarette. There are little holes around the mouth of the hockey mask and I slip the cigarette through, taking a big puff and letting the smoke ooze through the holes.

She nods and says in a kind of husky, sexy voice, I like your costume. The red hair really makes it.

I hand her back the cigarette. I like yours.

Her eyes get big at the sound of my voice, the only zombie trait I cant hide with a mask or fake blood. Whoa, how long have you been smoking, dude?

I chuckle and mumble, Long enough.

I knew it was a mistake to talk. The vocal chords, they get tough like beef jerky, dried like leather moccasins. A few years ago, sure, I sounded okay but now I sound like Ive been swallowing razor blades and Jack Daniels for twenty years straight.

Chris, right? You sit behind me in homeroom. I dont know what shes talking about, but I nod anyway, enjoy the sound of her hoarse-sexy voice. 

Whatever. I chuckle and shrug and she nods like maybe it doesnt matter, or maybe she thinks Im high, or shes high or whatever. The others drift in and out and I just sit there as little groups of two and three come and go. 

Its the closest I get to actually going to school, which is something I never thought Id want to do again but, once a year, its kind of nice to slip in under the radar and hear the slam of lockers, the sharpening of pencils, the scrape of chalk.

A bell rings across the street, loud enough to hear in the stillness of near dawn. I straggle over, the chick in the nurses outfit a few paces ahead. Shes got on fishnet stockings and high heel flip flops that make her unsteady on her legs. She clings to a tall guy in an Army coat and a President Nixon mask, and when they peel to the left, I go to the right.

I stumble around the crowded hallways, smiling beneath my mask, daring someone to stop me and make me take it off. But thats the thing about Halloween in Nightshade; there are so many kids in costume, there would be an uprising if we all had to unmask. 

Besides, I know all the exits if some puffy Home Ec teacher tries to go all authoritarian on me. Another bell rings and the crowds disperse into random groupings in random classrooms. I wander into the gym since I figure no way is Coach Wannamaker going to make us change into gym shorts and shoot hoops today of all days, but then I remember: they got Coach during the first outbreak. 

Or, wait was it the second?

Some new guy is there, young and studly, a flat screen TV on one of those roll-around shelves you get from the library. Everyone kind of smiles and shuffles in and sits down in the bleachers, two or three to a row, being cool, and the dude doesnt say anything. Well, other than Happy Halloween. Then he pushes play, the screen goes blue, then black and we see the TV version of some cheesy scary movie.

Wait for it: a scary zombie movie. Wow, the irony is so ironic Im going to have an art attack. (Get it? Movie? Art? Art attack? Whatever)

The other kids groan, because theyve probably seen it a dozen times by now, but it must have come out after I joined the ranks of the undead because Ive never seen it. Havent seen any TV, actually, since I went to live with the others in the catacombs under the Nightshade Memorial Cemetery. 

I sit at attention, eyes wide, watching the cheesy blond actress battle the gooey green zombie. I know its stupid even as Im thinking its the best thing Ive ever seen. Make that, best thing Ive ever done. A zombie, watching a zombie movie, on Halloween, surrounded by Normals with their beating hearts and soft, warm skin and working lungs and flowing blood veins.

I remember the last movie I saw as a living kid: Motorcycle Werewolf Chain Gang # 6. It was at the Odeon Theater in Brinksville, North Carolina, two towns over. Id snuck out of the house with Emily Morgenstern, my partner in junior Chem Lab. God, she had the longest legs and the funniest laugh, a killer combination if ever there was one. 

I borrowed my Moms car, actually pushed it down the street for two houses before starting it up so she wouldnt hear the engine and wake up and come looking for me. Emily was waiting at the bus stop in front of her apartment building and we drove, giggling the whole way. 

I borrowed some peach wine from the back of the cabinet where Mom kept the brandy she drank every Christmas Eve, but neither of us drank too much because we had school the next day, cuz thats the kind of nerds we were.

I held her hand during the previews but once the movie started we both kind of forgot that wed come there to make out in private. I kissed her, sure, once or twice during the boring parts, but neither of us were into that. Somehow, that made me like her even more; that shed rather watch some cheesy werewolf biker gang movie than make out with me.

The screen went black right at the good part, the final showdown between the werewolf biker gang and the human biker gang with the silver motorcycles. Not just silver, mind you, but made of silver. The crowd went aaaaahhhh until the back doors burst open and six zombies shuffled in. 

When I saw them, I told myself Id protect Emily. Doing everything I could to keep her alive as long as it took. But by the time I turned to tell her everything would be all right, shed already bolted out the nearest emergency exit.

They caught up to me as I tried to follow, and thats the last thing I remember, looking at a lump of gum stuck to the bottom of my movie seat, until I came to, gnawing on some poor schmucks shin three aisles over, his blood tasting like the popcorn hed probably eaten only a few minutes before.

I was lucky it was only the first outbreak, before the cops got wise, before there were axe handles  attached to real axe blades  installed next to every fire alarm, lamppost, stop sign and mailbox in the city. 

In every city. 

I stumbled through town, amidst the rubble, the fires, the fire trucks, the shotgun blasts, until I got home. Mom was there. Or, at least, what was left of her. The cops showed up then; some neighbor had reported me. I ran, or shuffled, until I got away. I was stronger, then, or at least I had more energy. 

Somehow I made it out of town, found the few remaining zombies who didnt get mowed down, chopped into pieces or rounded up in Nightshade Memorial and thats pretty much been my life for the last few years.

Except, of course, for every Halloween.

And now here I am, surrounded by the living, watching the last few minutes of a cheesy zombie invasion movie and wishing it didnt make me smile so hard. 

The bell rings and everyone flees down the bleachers with their heavy feet, but I stay to watch the end. The new Coach looks at me as I stand, awkwardly, from the bleachers and stumble even more awkwardly down from the third row.

Happy Halloween, he says, cheerful.

I nod and wave, too afraid to reveal my voice to an adult, who might know better than a fake nurse what a real zombie sounds like.

I shuffle from class to class, sitting in the back, nodding toward the other kids in costumes, shrugging when someone tries to figure out who I am. It just feels good, being among the living, surrounded by flesh and blood, the warm room instead of the cold crypt, the fluorescent lights instead of the moonlit sky.

I spend twenty minutes staring at the bulletin board in one room, covered in fall leaves displaying math problems. Its just so retro, like something your third grade teacher would put up with pride. Im so far from that world where math matters, where school matters, its hard to believe teachers still do things like cut out fall leaves from red and orange and brown construction paper, write out long division problems on them and then staple them to a bulletin board.

Im outside of a Home Ec room when the last bell of the day rings. I step in, shutting the door behind me. The ovens are off and everyone is just sitting around, doing crossword puzzles while the teacher plays a radio station she thinks us kids will like.


The chick in the nurse costume is alone at one of the tables. Oh, there are other girls there, but they ignore her, clustering together and flipping through the pages of a glossy magazine while nurse chick stares down at her chipped black nail polish.

She waves me over and what can I do? I sit there as she tries to figure out who I am. Jerry? she says in that husky voice of hers. No, too tall. Philbert? No, too skinny. Why wont you just say?

I shrug and pretend its a game. Her breath smells like watermelon gum and its so fragrant against my mask as she talks and talks and talks. The teacher looks bored behind her thick, trashy romance novel in the back of the room. I listen, smiling behind the mask even though I dont know half the people shes talking about, or care. Its just nice to talk to someone with a heartbeat.

She touches my zombie gloves often, not romantically, just in telling a story with her hands. I watch her eyes get big when she whispers about her last boyfriend, and force myself not to shrink away when she leans in to tell me that about one of the other girls at the table, Shirley something, and how shes got a bun in the oven but dont say anything because no one else knows.

I nod but I can tell by the color in Shirleys cheeks shes heard Nurse Chick. I find out her name by accident  Nurse Chicks, I mean  when she drops one of her books and I go to pick it up. Theres a book cover around it, some hairy guy from a bad rock band wrapped around both covers, and shes scratched out her name with an eraser, making white letters against the dudes leather jacket: Brie.

The last bell rings and I stand and so does she. She doesnt wait for me, and as she walks through the door I take a risk and croak, Happy Halloween, Brie.

She stops, still freaked out by the voice, but smiles uncertainly, offers a little wave and then disappears. The teacher turns off the radio as I leave and I hear her say, under her breath, Thank God!

There seem to be more kids in costume now, clustered in front of the busses, back in the park, out at the bike rack, walking home. I ease through them, gently, and wander down to the Rec Center where, every year as long as I can remember, theres been a costume contest after school.

Lots of kids are going this year, some in cheesy costumes, like mine, some in homemade masterpieces like the kid in the cardboard Millennium Falcon, but mostly there are just sexy nurses and dudes in gorilla masks and Army jackets. 

I blend right in, sore from smiling all day, almost almost warm from the body heat of all the other kids in the auditorium. The Mayor is there, and theres a table with refreshments, punch and cookies and cupcakes with orange frosting and a spider ring sticking out of each. I want to eat one so bad, but human food makes me sick so I cant.

There are rows and rows of folding chairs, and the kids who enter the contest go up front and get paper numbers tacked to their chests. I sit in back, warm from the sight of it, the thought of it, half-looking, half-expecting for Brie to walk in. 

She never does.

It takes awhile to get through them all, but finally a kid dressed like a whale wins, even though personally I think Millennium Falcon girl got robbed. By the time we all shuffle out its dark and I unfold my trick or treat bag from my back pocket and fall in line with a laughing group of middle school kids who dont question another gangly kid in a hoodie and hockey mask tagging along.

I mingle on the fringes, rubbing shoulders with the living and sticking my neon green trick or treat bag with the Frankenstein face on front in every door I walk up to. 

Its so strange, walking past the half-empty houses of a town, like they all are now, stripped of half its residents thanks to three major outbreaks in two short years. The survivors are amazingly plucky and proud to fill their front stoops with flickering dead pumpkins and blinking orange lights and enough fake cobwebs to fill six Spiderman sequels. 

Theres Mrs. Humphries, the librarian who used to give me first dibs on the new Goosebumps books back in the day. She used to have a husband, but I dont see him as she passes out boxes of raisins that the kids later dump on her lawn. I pick them up and toss them in a trash can so hopefully she doesnt get hurt feelings.

Theres Mr. Chalmers, who used to be my neighbor, and had about forty gnomes in his yard until he had to use half of them to ward off the zombies with. Now his fence is lined with barbed wire and he meets trick or treaters at the gate, handing out pocketknives instead of candy. I take one just because, you never know when it might come in handy.

And Sally Winters, who now lives alone in her big house. She was my guidance counselor at school, and made us call her Sally instead of Ms. Winters. She lived with her sister, and had about 60 cats. They saved her during the first outbreak, and the 40 or so that remained tried during the second outbreak, but they got her sister during the third. She hands me a popcorn ball in orange cellophane and I say thank you really softly, but not for the treat.

There are more houses, but its getting too sad coming face to face with survivors so I head down a back alley, hanging my trick or treat bag on the branch of a tree at the end of the street. Some kid will find it, and double his spoils for the night.

And, after all, next year there will be another, new bag, courtesy of Mr. Schmidt. I come to the end of the paved road, about to head for the cemetery and another long year counting pennies and crumpled dollar bills when I look behind me to see if anyones followed me.

They have.

Brie? My voice is tight and dark, but so is hers.

Stop, she says. We know what you are.

She saunters over, all white in the pale moonlight, three kids in costume behind her. One is a giant green Army Man, complete with a big green mask, another is a doctor with a surgical mask and the third is Thor, complete with a winged hat, plastic, sculpted face and cheesy rubber hammer.

You mean a serial killer with red hair? I croak, though if they do know what I am, and are loaded for bear, Im kind of screwed because while I might be able to take one or two of them at a time, four on one is a bit of a stretch and I know Ill never be able to outrun them, at least not on my shuffling zombie legs.

No, croaks Thor. We know what you really are.

Something in his voice sounds familiar. Not that I know him, but I know the sound. Its like we speak the same language.

What what do you?

I dont get to finish. Thor drops the hammer, takes off his gloves. His hands are leathery and gray, like mine. Like the face beneath his mask. 

The Army man is next, same story. Same with hospital guy as well. But the rest of you, I say. He smiles, yellow teeth, tight gray skin, and uses a rag out of his lab coat pocket to wipe heavy tan grease paint off his gray, lined skull and his pointy, hollow chin.

He hands it to Brie who uses it on her face, her ears, her arms, her fingers. Beneath is a girl zombie, not quite as old, or far along, as her friends. Her skin, like mine, is more greenish than gray, more supple, but far from human.

How? I ask. 

Same as you, I guess. She shrugs, taking off the cute little boxy nurses hat and tossing it in one of the other guys trick or treat bags. We figured this would be a good night to sneak out and walk among the living, you know?

I nod, realizing Im still in costume. I take off the wig, the mask, the gloves. Thor holds out the bag and I toss them on top, but he doesnt throw them away. He knots the bag and slings it over one shoulder, like a knapsack. I look at him questioningly. Brie says, Theres a haunted house in the next county, they go on all year. And another one two towns from there, same thing--

And after that, Thor cuts in, kind of excited, theres the zombie elves display at the Brogan County Fairgrounds from November through New Years

Now its Army mans turn to cut in:  and the Zombie Dance-A-Thon for Valentines Day

Zombie Doctor interrupts, And theres a four-day Zombie Leprechaun Festival in Chester Town after that

My dead, crumpled heart soars. Its like finding out Christmas is suddenly going to last all year long. 

Brie puts up a hand, a pale, cold hand, to silence her spazztastic fellow living dead. He gets it, I think. The point is, you dont have to wait for Halloween to come out of the shadows anymore. We dont

But how? How do you get from here to there? All year long?

Same way you got here tonight, Brie says. Same way you were going to get back just now. In the dark, in the shadows, on the back roads, who cares? Its better than hanging out in some catacombs 364 days a year, dont you think?

I blink a few times and Thor smirks. What, you think we didnt know from the get go? Weve been hanging out in this dump of a town for two days, waiting for Halloween to come. We saw you on top of the drug store this morning.

Wow. I thought I thought I was being so slick.

You were, says Brie, to the Normals, anyway. But were not normal anymore, and we shouldnt have to be. Right? Come on, come with us.

Yeah, Thor snorts, but I can tell hes playing. Cause we need one more zom-guy along for the ride.

Brie snorts back. I dont know, we could use a cute one.

The others chortle, which is zombie for laugh, and turn, drifting into the forest. Come on if youre coming, says Thor without a backward glance. We can make Bristol by morning, and they always have a great Trick or Treat Do-Over so shuffle or get off the pot.

His voice is light, but theres menace to it as well. Brie stands between both worlds, one foot pointed toward the forest at the end of the alley, her face looking up at mine.

I think of the catacombs, the others, the dripping from the ceiling and the pile of bones in the corner and the endless days shuffling from one end of the tomb to the other.

But your notebook, in Home Ec, I stutter, cocking my head. You had Brie erased into your book cover. And and it seemed like you knew those girls, and they knew you.

Never seen them before. She smiles. Besides, why do you think no one wanted to sit next to me, Jason?

Jason? Now I cock my head in the other direction.

Yeah, you know the hockey mask? 

Oh, that Jason. I smile, my face feels suddenly naked without it. But thats not my real name.

And Im not Brie, either, but thosell do, for now. Its a fresh start, right? Why not have fresh names?

I nod and take a step forward and Brie clutches my hand, lightly, uncertainly, to help me up the hill. I take it, and let her, and follow even when she drops her hand from mine. We make slow progress, but reach the top of the hill as the moon crests, seemingly just above us.

The others move on without hesitation, heading down in the same, silent, grudging way they walked up. I turn, and look down. In the distance I can see my old school, my old street, my old house, and Schmidts Discount Wares and Pharmacy. 

The weird thing is, even as I turn and follow the others down, its Schmidts Ill miss the most



* * * * *


Story # 8:
Zombies Dont Eat Cotton Candy



Are you sure about this? I ask, pulling up to the crowded state fairgrounds. The smell of cotton candy and corn dogs filters through the half-open windows.

Angel shakes her head, jingling her skull and cross bone earrings. Thats how she says yes, by shaking her head. Its totally legit and straight-up legal, Alice. Look at all these cars, theyre even using cops as security guards. Would I bring you to something where youre going to get in trouble?

I shove her playfully on the shoulder. Ive known you 2.5 weeks, what do I know?

She turns off the engine and lights a cigarette, flashing the several skull rings on her long, pale fingers. Thats true, you dont.

She wriggles her fingers, like teachers do on the day before Halloween when the lights are out and youre all clustered in the front of the classroom and shes reading a creepy story.

I take a drag off the cigarette, noting the dark mulberry stain from her lipstick. Besides, its not the legality Im worried about. Its the creepy factor.

She gets out of the giant old beater and slams the door, jingling more of her alternating black and silver bracelets around her scrawny arm. Shes in high heel army boots and black over white striped leggings, a frilly black tutu and a black tank top with a glittery skull pattern between her ginormous jugs and a black pleather jacket with too many zippers to top it all off. She calls it goth chic. I call it mid-80s Madonna wannabe scary B-movie chick who gets killed by the guy in the hockey mask, but never to her face.

The parking lot is sand and grass and not much of either, and it disappears underneath her KISS concert Army boots. She kicks up little poofs with each step as we approach a bottle neck of fat-faced rednecks in backward trucker caps and tramp stamps waiting to buy a ticket.

The big banner above the entrance is red and yellow and reads, Cannibal Carnival.

Sounds classy, I murmur in her ear, dodging the dangling skulls. What could go wrong?

She snorts and slings an arm around my shoulder. Thats why I like you, Alice. Youre up for anything.

I smirk and she nuzzles my cheek, all beer breath and boys perfume. I use one of my student credit accounts to pay for the ticket, worried that the ticket taker will notice the face on the card isnt mine. But the gnarly carny with the dirty red and white striped popcorn bag vest doesnt even look down, too busy gazing upon the feast that is Angels chestage region.

Yall have a good time, ladies, he says, to her. (Im surprised he even used the plural form.) And dont forget to whack-a-zombie for me!

Whack-a-zombie? I murmur. We fight our way through the crowds, avoiding hucksters selling Cannibal Carnival T-shirts, the center of which features a zombie clown, with one eye hanging out and half a red nose. 

She looks back at them, longingly. I wish I had more credits, she frowns.

I nudge her with my shoulder. Ill make you a deal. You get us out of here in under an hour and Ill use my credits to buy you one.

She frowns. Id rather just stay longer.

The air is thick with fried dough and fried meat and spun sugar and caramel apples and if it wasnt for the fact that the place was called Cannibal Carnival, I could probably relax.

Well, not really but at least I wouldnt feel so completely freaked out. We stop at a few booths on the midway and I try to keep my stomach from churning. In Bumper Zombies, instead of trying to bump each others cars, the drivers try to run over zombies, which isnt too hard seeing as they shuffle at the rate of two miles per week.

In the balloon pop game, the zombies stand there, trembling, holding balloons in their hands, their shoulders, stomachs, faces filled with darts. I turn away and Angel chuckles. Whatd you think they were going to do to those stupid zombies?

I clench my teeth behind my fixed smile. I dunno, I say as she finally breaks down and uses some of her precious government credits to splurge on a dome of powder blue cotton candy. I guess I figured theyd just have a zombie show or something.

They do, she says around lips coated with sticky blue sugar. Pointing behind me, I turn and see a haunted house style building marked Zombie Show.

Wanna go?

I peel a string of candy off her tube of neon blue poof. No thanks. Its so sweet, I make a face.

She laughs and shows her yellow teeth. I buy us a soda and we split it, just like we did in that coffee shop across from Nightshade High two and a half weeks ago.

Id just cut seventh period and wandered in for some sugar relief when I spotted her, in the corner, stringing safety pins through the strap of her black and white camouflage messenger bag.

She didnt have coffee or a donut or even a plain white napkin in front of her. There was a heavy guy behind the counter, with sweaty armpits and a bad haircut who looked like he might be crushing on her. I asked him, Whats with the chick in the back?

I hooked a thumb over my finger pointlessly, since she was pretty much the only person under 100 in the joint at the time. Id seen her around school, so she fit the bill, but I wanted to be sure she wasnt 100% demented or something before I introduced myself.

Shes out of credits for the month, but I let her sit there anyway. His voice was high and soft but his eyes were gentle and endearing. I offered to buy her a coffee or something, give her a day-old cruller but I think she doesnt want to lead me on.

I failed to hide my smirk and ordered two sodas, two crullers -- fresh -- and used a fake student credit card to pay them off. Every month, every student in the New US gets a credit allowance, depending on what year of school theyre in, how many other survivors are living with them, that kind of thing. 

Im off the grid now so I dont get them anymore, but I trade them when I can, bartering for stuff along the way. Ill do a book report here, beat up a bully there, impersonate some bookish chick so she gets her PE credit, that kind of stuff. I score a surprising number of credits just serving detention for kids. After all thats happened, theyll pay anything to get out of it.

Anyway, I brought the stuff over and she looked up, suspiciously, nostrils flared and showing off a silver ring in the left flare. I said, Take it easy. I just thought Id buy a fellow school skipper a treat, thats all.

She huffed, but downed the cruller in three bites, washing it down with desperate gulps from the free soda. Her nails on the paper cup were bitten to the quick, the black polish faded and cracked. 

She avoided my eyes while she chewed on an ice cube from the bottom of the empty cup. Finally, she flicked me a look and said, Thanks. Then, two seconds later, What do you want, anyway?

Suddenly, I remembered. Home Ec, thats where I remember you from. You burnt the cinnamon toast and the smoke alarm went off and we had to spend the rest of the period on the soccer field until the air cleared out.

She snorted, clearly proud of herself, and that was that. For the price of a soda and a compliment, I had my in in Nightshade and now, here we are, on the lookout for zombies at the Cannibal Carnival.

Well, I am anyway.

Ooohh, look, she says, dragging me along by the hand. Whack-A-Zombie!

I groan and follow. Its the last booth on the midway, run by a skinny redneck in a red and yellow Cannibal Carnival T-shirt with greasy underarm stains and ginger red stubble on his chin. 

He actually says, Step right up, folks, and take a whack at a zombie.

My stomach turns and I say, Come on, Angel, lets go. I thought you wanted to show me the Zombie House.

Later, later, she murmurs, distracted, fumbling for her credit card. Its at the bottom of her purse but the carny enjoys looking down her tank top while shes bent over, fumbling for it. She snatches it with a visible aha look and slides it through the scanner in front of a little padded sledge hammer chained to the game booth.

There are six more just like it, and four folks have joined in to play. I inch closer to Angel, noticing a board in front of her. Its like a game board, only bigger, with holes cut in it. There are twelve of them. Holes, that is, and as the carny shouts, Get ready, get set, whack-a-zombie, heads start to pop out.

Human heads. Well, at least they used to be, anyway.

The zombies creep up, awkwardly, wincing in advance. The minute they do, the players whack at their heads with the padded mallets, but none more viciously than Angel. 

She sticks her tongue out between her teeth, like she does when shes reading, and whacks and whacks until the zombies finally retreat.

Their heads look battered and bruised, bandaged with ears and the occasional nose missing. I can hear the sizzle of the cattle prods the carnies down below the little wooden platform were standing on must use to get them to stand up and be pummeled and, when I look down, sure enough I see the spark and sizzle in the dark.

He finally pops up in the last few minutes of the game, toward the back, looking frightened and bruised. His skin is gray and ashen, his hair dark and close-cropped, his eyes black as night and half-slitted out of fear. I see the fear there, behind the grimace and the growl in his thin lips. Hes wearing a small Cannibal Carnival T-shirt, stretched tight over his torso, with not an ounce of fat on him.

Angel whacks him in the ear and I cant help myself; I yank her away. The hell! she spits, literally, a fine spray of mouth mist filling the air as she spins around. 

Come on, I beg, dragging her away. This is gross.

But I paid my credits, she whines, following me just the same. 

I buy her a T-shirt on the way out, to make up for it, but she pouts all the way back to the Womens Shelter. Im new to Nightshade, so I cant live in a family home until Ive been here six months, and after what Ive seen of the town, I wont be here another six hours if I can help it. 

If you didnt want to whack zombies she grumbles when were finally pulling into the parking lot, then why did you agree to go to the Cannibal Carnival? 

The Shelter is really just an old hotel they converted after the third outbreak, when half the town, when half of every town, was gone; folks either turning into zombies or zombie food. The Shelter has a curfew, and the smokers mill about the pool area, enjoying their last breath of fresh air and sunset of the night. 

I tell her what she wants to hear. I thought we could spend some quality time together, thats why. I didnt know you got off on whacking zombies.

She looks at me like Im crazy. I think Im due a few whacks after what they did to my family, Alice. What they did to this town.

I lost my family too, Angel. I lost my town, too. But every zombie you whack is just another person that got turned. What if what if one of them was your brother, huh?

She slams the car in reverse, reaches over me, opens the door and waits for me to get out. When I do, she pokes her head out the passenger window. You obviously never met my brothers!

With that, she peels out, lurching into the street and burning rubber past the guard shack where the Sentinels stand, hatchets hanging from their gun belts, rifles hanging from their shoulders. 

The smokers give me wtf face but I ignore them. Ive got bigger fish to fry and, besides, after tonight Ill never see them again.

Upstairs my roommate glowers into her schoolbooks, headphones on, not even bothering to look up when I enter the room, or when I slam some fresh underwear and baby doll T-shirts into my backpack.

Finally, just when my hand hits the doorknob on the way out she says, Curfew starts in twenty minutes.

I look at her, her sad face, her stupid earphones, and I know she wont even hear me when I say, all high and mighty like, My life starts now.

Downstairs Im just another chick with a backpack purse, and when I slip through the front doors some chick reminds me, Dont go too far, well be doing a room check in half-an-hour, I smile and point at the deli across the street. Just doing some last minute shopping, I lie over my shoulder.

The deli is vaguely crowded, which is good. I slip in line, take a number and wait my turn. The guy in front of me orders two pounds of bologna, and I do, too. It wont be enough, but its a start and, besides, the one time I got cocky and asked for brains the butcher called the Sentinels on me, so its either bologna or hot dogs, and the bolognas easier to stack in my backpack.

Big night, huh? asks the butcher, a large woman in a bloody apron. 

I shrug. About average.

She snorts and calls out, Next!

I muscle through the crowd, the meat heavy in my pack, trying to gauge how long it might take to get back to the fairgrounds on foot. It was ten minutes by car, so an hour or two?

Its not the walking Im worried about. Ive walked hundreds, maybe thousands of miles since the third outbreak, looking, searching, in every new town. I just want to make sure I get there before the Cannibal Carnival leaves town.

I start seeing fair lights in the distance after an hour and a half, my shoulders warm under the backpack straps, my ankles sore from the soft sand on the side of the road.

The parking lot is empty now, and heavy metal music blares as the carnies strain to take down the tilt-a-whirls and kiddy rides. Their torsos are bare and sweaty, their red and yellow T-shirts worn around their heads like bandanas.

I crouch down in the bushes outside the main entrance, trying to remember my way around. Stupid Angel and her stupid cotton candy distracted me, but Im pretty sure if they were going to store the zombies anywhere, theyd be around the back.

That is, if they havent taken them anywhere. In the last town, they were gone before I got there and in the town before that, they had a bunch of protestors waving around Zombies Are Not Sideshow Attractions banners, and the Sentinels had to break it up so I never got a chance to sneak in.

But this time, I can hear the zombies growling in their cages and the protestors are nowhere to be seen. I pull the stun gun out of my back pocket and flick it, twice, just to clear off the cobwebs. Its been weeks since I used it, and you never know with these things.

Theres a padlock on the door, and it rattles every time a zombie shuffles by. The holding pen is like one of those horse wagons you see driving down the road, part railroad car, part jail cell, with little slats down the side for the horses  or, in this case, zombies  to get air; not that they need it anymore.

I try to see his gaunt face and shaved head shuffle by, but its too dark and Im too far away, waiting behind a bush. I could break the padlock on the door with bolt cutters, and keep the others at bay while I rescue him, but that would only mean the others would get out eventually and I cant do that to Nightshade.

Instead I wait, impatiently, for a carny to come and feed them or hose them down, but hopefully feed them. The worst part is listening to them grunt at each other, or fight, or just shuffle with their bare feet against the metal floor.

I kneel there for who knows how long, until I hear a different kind of shuffling: shoes, worn by human feet, and a carny slipping back into his red and yellow T-shirt. He is big, but I can tell by the way he kind of strolls along, stretching his right arm out, that hes tired.

He drags a trash bag with his left hand, and I can tell by the weight its meat. He has a stun gun of his own, and he keeps it handy as he unlocks the cage.

The shuffling intensifies, and in the shadow of the bright carnival lights I can see the zombies move toward the door inside the cage. He barks at them, but they smell the meat and crowd forward anyway. He shocks one, and thats all it takes for the rest of them to hunker back.

He tosses the meat in, slab after slab, and even from six paces I can tell its rotten. I wrinkle my nose and rise from the bushes, watching the muscles in his neck flex as he tosses in raw steak and hamburger by the handful. 

Now that the door is open, I can see the inside of the cage and the zombies, hunkered down, on their knees, like I just was, devouring the meat with their hands and faces, bloody and stinking.

The walk is mostly sand, or sandy, and Im two steps away when he hears me. Turning, hes about to open his mouth when I jab the stun gun under his raised arm. He bucks, the smell of BO sizzling beneath the twin points of my gun, and down he goes. 

While the zombies are still occupied with their raw, stinking meat, I grab his keys and walk to the door. I see him, in the middle, reaching for meat while the other zombies crowd him out. His hands are clean, his face is clean and I realize; he hasnt eaten. 

The others havent let him.

And I flick the stun gun in their faces, and I back them in the corner while I grab him with my free hand. He resists, but only until I flick the gun at the others, then he nods his head.

The others crowd in the back, inching forward, but only because Im standing smack dab in the middle of their rancid meat supply. I drag him from the cage, slam the door and lock it shut.

His T-shirt is thin and cold under my fingers as I yank him back toward the bushes. I toss the keys at the shocked carny; itll be ten or so minutes before he wakes up and by then well be long

Hey! I turn to find another carny, with another trash bag of meat, beaming a flashlight at us. The hell!

I stand there, frozen. I thought I thought it would just be one guy with the meat. But this guy, this one must have been dragging behind. Stopping to have a smoke or something along the way. I raise the stun gun but were too far apart. He has a gun in his waistband  a real one, with bullets and everything  and I watch him raise it up.

The zombie snarls, next to me, my hold tenuous on his red and yellow T-shirt. He yanks me forward, but only because Im still latched to his collar. And even as he does, he gets in front of me as we walk, shoving me back as we approach the carny.

Stop! the gunman shouts, and hes getting louder. Someone will hear, or lots of someones. Stop walking or

The gun goes off and I shriek, ducking, but I can tell by the way his right shoulder jumps in front of me the bullets gone into the zombie. And, like that, its all over. He leaps onto the carny, biting the hand with the gun, tearing it off with his hands, feasting on human flesh and cracking open his skull like its nothing more than a can of tuna fish.

I scramble for the gun and dump it in my backpack, yanking on the zombies shirt. Here. Stop. Come

He turns, snarling, chin covered in gore, teeth clattering and about to take a hunk out of me when he stops, just shy of my cheekbone. His breath is cold and still as we stand, face to face.

I blink, twice, and he turns, staring at the half-eaten corpse still twitching in the sand. He follows and I head toward the bush, desperate to get away from the Cannibal Carnival when I hear voices from behind.

They are distant, but I dont have a car and theres no way I can

A horn honks, in front of me, and lights beam in my eyes. I shield them and the zombie growls when a familiar voice calls out, Get in you crazy witch!

Not without him, I tell Angel, racing to the passenger door just as she throws it open.

Hell no! No zombies in the car, ever!

Hes just fed, look at him.

Angel looks, hes docile, but she knows better; we both do.

Plus hes my brother.

I knew it, she bellows as I shove him in the backseat. I knew it!

She peels out, just as half a dozen carnies come running, bullets whizzing all around as Angel drives the other way.

She yells over the sound of cracking glass and ricocheting ammunition. I knew there was a reason you freaked out on me today. Thats why I came back after I dropped you off. You were just walking across the street to the deli, and since I know youre a super duper vegan, I figured something else was up.

So, what you were following me?

Pretty much. Her face is bland, considering the predicament were in. She drives, out into the deserted parking lot, nearly taking out the ticket stand as she sails, doing 60, hitting a ditch and landing on the pavement, peeling out and sailing away.

She keeps it up, faster and faster, until she takes a 180-degree turn onto the main road leading out of town. She kills the lights and we sail along, cruising by the light of the moon and the few remaining streetlamps that still actually work.

Im glad you did, I huff, still trying to catch my breath.

I reach out, touch her hand. She takes it off the wheel, squeezes it, gives me a lingering look. At least until my side mirror takes out a mailbox and she readjusts her course.

I turn around to find my brother staring, slack-jawed, out the window.

She drives and drives, faster and faster, until we leave Nightshade and, hopefully, the Cannibal Carnival in our dust. Well have to hide him in the trunk when we get to the border, she says, unnecessarily.

Lets leave him be for now, I insist. We still have an hour or so and, he just ate. When she glares at me I add, A lot.

A few minutes later she says, So, your brother, huh? Why didnt you tell me?

I shrug. I didnt want you to think I was using you.

Using me? How? Then it dawns on her: me walking into town, out of nowhere. Buying her soda and a pastry, becoming her new BFF, getting the lay of the land, pretending like I didnt want to go to the carnival so, of course, shed take me. Oh, right.

I just, I needed a safe place to land, you know. All these towns, looking for him. There are so many of these carnivals, all over now, ever since they made it legal to use zombies as attractions. I just, I needed you and I thank you.

She shrugs, asks, Whats his name?

We both look at him in the rearview at the same time. Justin, I say.

His eyes are deep and dark as he looks from me to her, and back again.

Car, he grunts, voice as dry as gravel and as deep as a pit.

He can talk? she asks.

Car! 

Suddenly, we hear honking and swerve just in time, readjusting the road.

They wont come after you, he says, sitting back.

How how can you talk?

I turn, over the seat, noting his handsome features ravaged by the Z-disease, his pretty face hard and gaunt, his teeth big and yellow and gums covered with dried blood.

He shrugs. Some of us can, some of us cant.

Id heard that, on the road. Gossip about talking zombies, zombies that could read or write, or both. Zombies using guns, driving cars, but it always sounded like such BS. Suddenly, Im not so sure anymore.

Can can you remember me?

His stare is blank, even as he lies. Sure, of course.

Justin.

That was my name?

You dont remember, do you?

There is a long, awkward pause as he shakes his head. 

You know they dont, reminds Angel as she flicks her headlights back on as we approach the next town.

Im sorry, he says. Did I did I hurt anybody?

I picture him that day, working on his bike in the garage. It was the first day of summer, hot and dry in the mountains, and he wanted his dirt bike ready for constant use over the next ten weeks. 

The first outbreak had already happened by then, so we were primed for something but never actually thought any Shufflers would make it past the city. I was hanging shirts out to dry, on one of those drying racks we kept near the washing machine.

A couple of his friends came up the drive, looking funny. It was early, just before eight, so I figured the spiky hair, the dragging feet, the pale skin, they were just sleepy. 

Then I saw the blood. Justin! I screamed, grabbing the shotgun Dad bought after the first outbreak. He turned, and that was when his buddy Ralph took a hunk out of his shoulder, turning him instantly.

I took them out, every friend he ever had, and was reloading when Justin turned on me. I racked in a shell, pointed at his head but, at the last minute, couldnt do it. I jammed the butt against his chest, pushing him back, back, out into the road.

He turned away, saw our neighbor Mrs. Finnegan being pulled apart by the mailman, and ran to get sloppy seconds. Thats the last I saw of him until the flyers for the Cannibal Carnival showed up outside the post office, three months ago. 

There, right under the words See for your very eyes real zombies on the midway was a picture of Justin, climbing into the whack-a-zombie game. Even in black and white, I recognized his face immediately. 

I went to the Cannibal Carnival in town, but Justin wasnt there. The ticket lady, when I showed her the flyer, said there were five or six carnivals, traveling all over the southeast, and nine more on the east coast. 

Thats when I started the search. It didnt take much for me to leave. They got Dad in the second outbreak, and Mom in the third. I was only weeks away from the census takers kicking me out of our house anyway, so I packed up a few things, a hatchet in my belt loop, a stun gun from Dads stash, some beef jerky and bottled water and started walking.

And now, here he is. In the backseat, and cant remember a thing.

You cant keep me, he says, evenly.

I turn to Angel, frown. 

Hes right, she says, sounding relieved. Hell get hungry, and thats that.

I shut them both down. I didnt walk all the way from Tennessee to find you, just to get rid of you the minute I do. Ill feed you, like they did at the carnival.

He nods, mulling it over. 

I look at Angel. She sighs. Listen, Ill get you past the next border, but Im not sleeping with one eye open for the rest of my life, you know? Besides, Im a semester away from graduation, and already have my scholarship to New State University, so

Her voice trails off as the car slows down. We see the border, up in the distance. She pops the trunk, but stays in the car. Justin and I get out at the same time, like we must have six thousand times getting out of the car for school, or to beat the other to the rest room at some gas station pit stop while on family vacation.

I smile, faintly, but I can tell it doesnt mean anything to him other than he has to get in the trunk. Theyll search it, you know.

His voice is firm, almost hopeful.

Angel hears him, props up the firm, pert puppies threatening to burst out of her skull tank top. Thanks to these two, Ive never been searched yet.

He looks over, unimpressed, as I hold the trunk open for him.

He pauses, one leg in. Im not your brother, you know?

Yes, you are.

Your brother died, back wherever you come from.

He slides in and I slam the door. Looking from Angel to the border guard shack, I make the sign of the cross over my red and black striped hoodie. 

So did I, I say, to myself.


* * * * *


Story # 9:
Zombies Dont Write Valentines



He shows up just after Art Class, lingering at the door, looking down at his feet as the Normals flood past. Flood? These days, its more like a trickle. Still, there are just enough humans left to throw him a quick elbow on the way out the door. 

The Art Teacher, a skinny hipster dude named Flynn  no Mr., no first name, just Flynn  looks up from his pin-covered messenger bag and says, Looks like your not-so-secret admirers back.

Just like that; right in front of him. Flynn hustles out of the room and, only when its safe, when its just me sitting there, does the zombie walk in. Sorry, whats it they liked to be called now? Oh, right; Shufflers. The Shuffler shuffles in.

His voice is dry and husky. Not sexy husky, like in a cologne ad, but corn husk husky; dry and papery and thin. I stifle a shiver. Hi Sara.

He wears a nametag; they all do. Ever since the Reanimation Reform School Act of 2017, letting zombies back in school, theyve had standard uniforms and nametags. Its even got an official bar code at the bottom. Just above that, it says, Zed. But thats not his name. Thats not his real name. 

Hi Zed. How was school today?

He shrugs, the rough fabric of his pale blue uniform scratching against his broad shoulders. Its like a cotton track suit thingie, pale blue, with white stripes down the sides of the arms and legs. Hes tall and thin, so the cuffs of his sleeves stop just above the bony part of his wrist and his pants legs reveal the stiff white tube socks he wears inside his generic black Value Mart sneakers. 

His real name is Brody, and we dated for most of freshman year. He was the cutest boy I ever dated. Not the cutest boy ever, but definitely the cutest boy I ever dated. (Out of three, ever, so do with that what you will.) I felt so lucky to have him; all my girlfriends told me so. 

He was tall and strapping, then, a kicker for the JV football team, starting forward in basketball, swam backstroke for the swim team, the whole ball of jockstrap wax. He wore tracks pants exclusively, navy blue or garnet or black with white stripes up the side, so this look isnt completely different, but surreal knowing whats happened in the world, and not just our world, since freshman year. 

He was a fan of soft, thin ironic T-shirts that clung to his chest. My favorite was the one with the gingerbread man who had a broken leg, shouting Oh Snap! in one of those white cartoon bubbles over his head. He wore it every Monday, he said, just for me.

We broke up when I dropped my favorite journaling pen under my BFF Mindys bed during a Saturday night sleepover. He hadnt worn his Oh, Snap! shirt in awhile and when I asked him why, he said hed left it in a locker and needed to wash it first. 

Instead, I found it curled up in a ball under Mindys bed.

I didnt show it to her. She was downstairs making Bagel Bites at the time. I just spritzed it with an ounce of Mindys trademark Eau De Tramp perfume, shoved it in my messenger bag and, when I saw him the following Monday, tossed it at his stupid, big, fat jock head.

Mindy thought you might like this back, I said with a trembling voice nowhere near as cool as it had sounded when Id practiced it three times in the student parking lot that morning.  

He looked at the shirt, looked at me, blinked twice and shoved it in his locker. Then he turned around and sauntered into homeroom. 

We never spoke again.

That is, until he showed up after Art Class last week, completely clueless, wearing his light blue uniform and asking me to help him make a Valentines Day card for April Patterson.

Brody? Id said, hardly believing hed survived not one, not two, but three zombie outbreaks in the last two years.

He hadnt come back to school the year before, so I figured the Shufflers had gotten him, like most of the rest of the football or swim or basketball team.  

But there he was, big as life. And here he is, sliding into the chair across from me, slinking the generic red book bag off his back and onto the desk in front of him.

Its a kids book bag, like youd get a preschooler, with little yellow busses and green apples and baseballs all over it. I can tell just from the way it sags on the desk its mostly empty, but not quite. He unzips it, carefully, with his long gray fingers.

I watch him as he roots around inside. His black hair is cut close to his skull, now. It was once curly, almost bushy. I used to love to run my hands through it. His face was never fat, but it was always full and now its gaunt, his cheeks so hollow they cast their own shadows. His gray skin is tight so that his eyes are a little bulgy and, when he smiles, he is all yellow teeth and white gums and cold air.

See, he croaks, sliding the last few Valentines I did for him. He has this expression on his face, like a kindergartner handing over his drawings and hoping you wont laugh at them. Will you help me?

I roll my eyes. Zed, were running out of girls names here.

I sound madder than I really am, because maybe Im a little  okay, a lot  jealous. I know the Shufflers arent supposed to remember anything before they turn but, really? 

Okay, so I dont expect him to remember all our Sunday night cuddles or dinner and a movie date nights or secret names for each other, but does he have to ask me to make him a Valentines Day card for every other Normal girl left at Nightshade High?

And who even does that anymore, right? Makes, or even gives, girls Valentines Day cards? Shufflers, thats who. After the Angry Phase, which the government discovered lasts exactly 19 days, if theyre fed brains regularly, the Shufflers are docile, manageable, even educable. But theyre, like, permanent fifth graders, always wanting candy  zombies are freak addicted to sugar, FYI  and clutching to their random red backpacks and sending grown girls Valentines Day cards.

Forget that Sandy and Brie and Val and every other chick hes had me make cards for all week will just laugh in his face, tear them up and toss them at his feet tomorrow when he hands them all out, how about he asks me to make one for, well me?

Whos todays victim? I ask, pulling some scrap construction paper, scissors and glue from the supply closet behind me. He watches me with a funny, uncomprehending face as I walk back to our little cluster of desks. I mean, whos the lucky girl?

His face brightens. At least, as much as it can these days. Becky.

Becky Simpson? I ask, picturing the redhead with the braces who was actually first to sign the Anti-Shuffler petition after the government passed the Reanimation Reform School Bill. How well do you know Becky Simpson?

He nods, analyzing the other three cards Ive already made him. There is an innocent quality to him now, a sadness about his face, an emptiness in his eyes that makes me wish Id taken it easier on him after the Mindy Incident, as it was known forever after. (By me, anyway.)

I know, I know, no reason to forgive the cheating dog, but it would be nice if my last memory of him  alive, anyway  wasnt the back of his curly black head as he slammed that locker and broke my heart.

We sit quietly in the empty classroom, listening to the end of day sounds as they drift away in the halls. The school empties quickly these days. Its a ghost school, really. 

Half of the students at Nightshade High never made it through the first two outbreaks and, by the time theyd re-opened school after the third and hopefully final outbreak last year, three-fourths were gone. 

Teachers, too. Now pretty much if youre an adult without a criminal record  and Im not even sure how thorough they are about checking that lately  who can count to ten, you can teach at Nightshade High.

Take our Art Teacher, Flynn, for example. I think his only qualification for teaching Art is reading tattoo magazines behind his Teachers Manual while he sits at his desk, feet up, every period. 

And I know for a fact that our gym teacher, Mrs. Crueller, smokes three packs a day. One pack in front of us, and two on her many, many breaks. Still, its better than staying at the womens shelter where most of us Zorphans  orphans via zombie attack = Zorphans  were forced to stay once the government came in and found that most of us were living in parentless homes.

The Shelter is an old hotel downtown, and I bunk with three other chicks, two of which are going to community college and one of which never leaves the room. I spend a lot of time in the lounge downstairs, watching bad game show reruns or walking the streets until curfew every night.

Still, its better than the Detention Center where Zed and the other school-age zombies live. At least we have bad game show re-runs and a chance to get outdoors. Those guys are on lock-down whenever theyre not in school. No wonder so many of them came back, despite not being able to read, mostly, or write, hardly.

Zed/Brody watches carefully as I cut out a red heart and paste it to a full sheet of pink paper. I draw little frills in silver glitter pen around the heart, and then a simple message inside: Will you be mine? 

I dont sign it, because Im hoping to convince Zed to just slip the Valentines in the girls lockers and deliver them anonymously, thus saving major face, tons of embarrassment and, if the chicks boyfriends find out, a major butt kicking. 

When Im done, I drizzle out some plain white glue from a tube and then sprinkle red and silver and gold glitter over it. Zed always likes this part the best; I can see his eyes light up even as I reach for the tubes of glitter.

I almost hate to finish, because I know then that he has to go back to his world and I have to go back to mine. I look at it carefully before handing it over, teasing out the moment. What Im really doing is looking out from behind the card at his eyes. They are most gentle and kind when waiting, when sitting silently, when they are dark but soft.

Then I hand the card over and he smiles, with yellow teeth and a white tongue, sliding the card roughly on top of the others. There are kiddy scissors in a little glass jar in the middle of every art table, and Zed points at them.

Can I borrow one?

I shake my head immediately. Every day its drummed into us how much trouble well be in if we aid or abet any of the Shufflers in hurting a Normal, or human, person. Were talking, like, getting kicked out of school, banned from college, even jail time.

The guards dont search me anymore, he whines in his croaky voice.

So what if they get a wild hair and decide to today of all days?

He shakes his head. They wont.

I stop, look from the jar to his crinkled face. Why do you need them? I mean, I can change whatever you want on those cards right here, right now?

He shrugs and sounds the least bit defensive. Id like to do some of it myself.

I roll my eyes. The thought of Zed making his own Valentines Day card is almost more than I can bear. Who knows, maybe itll save him some grief when he shows up tomorrow with a bunch of scrap paper, and cant tell who to give them to anymore.

Before I can change my mind, I take a pair out of the jar and slide them over. Right away he puts them in the zipper pocket of his backpack but I say, Not there, in your pants.

But I might cut myself, he says, automatically, but its only his Normal brain talking. We both know he cant feel any pain. Oh yeah He puts them in his waistband and smiles, standing up and turning without another word.

The Art Room feels empty without him, and I listen to Zed/Brody pad down the hall in his squeaky, generic sneakers. I start worrying about the scissors and, to cover my tracks, take a pair out of another tables jar and put them in mine.

I leave the school, noting the Sentinels standing guard out front in their lethal black uniforms and crisp berets. They eye me angrily as I tighten the straps of my backpack and start the long walk home.

The acrid smell of smoke greets my nose, a familiar friend on these quiet, solitary afternoons. One by one they are burning down the old houses, even the ones that are perfectly habitable. Its cheaper than demolishing them, and safer than letting families move back in when there might be one of the Abandoned lurking in the basement, or the attic, or some crawlspace or laundry hamper.

The Shufflers get fed government approved, medically removed brains on the regular, but the zombies who didnt get caught in the round-ups after each outbreak, the Abandoned as theyre called, have been known to last weeks, even months, sucking the brains out of rats and squirrels and even pigeons and doves as they lurk in the hundreds of empty homes left behind by those who didnt make it. Or, like me, those who did make it but werent allowed to return home without another living family member present.


Since my older brother was lost in the second outbreak, and my mom in the third, its just me now, and my request to move back home is denied every month. By the time its approved, there might not be a home to go back to.

I walk by it just because, frowning at the broken windows and hanging shutters, the big white U on the front door for Unoccupied, the weeds around the mailbox and front gate. The garage where they finally got Mom still has yellow crime scene tape up. Same for the tool shed out back, where the Shufflers got my brother Randy.

I havent been inside, not even to get old clothes or keepsakes. I didnt want anything and, besides, I get a government Zorphans credit of $125 a month for clothes, school supplies, stuff like that. I just walk by it every day because, well, I guess my feet just take me there on the way home from school.

The Shelters only a few blocks away, and although they stopped posting Sentinels on every street corner a few months back  budget cuts, you know  I dont feel scared. There are axes fastened to every light pole in town, in those glass break in case of emergency boxes like you see next to Exits in hotel lobbies. Plus, between the gun Im allowed to carry in my backpack and the switchblade in my purse, Im pretty good. 

Theres a coffee shop across from the Shelter, just a bare bones place and nothing like Nightshade used to have before the first outbreak. Now everythings instant and packaged, stuff the government had in surplus or is making on their own. 

I order a small coffee and a Doo Dad snack cake and sit alone in the corner, picking at the glue and glitter still stuck to my fingers. The coffee is complete crap but after a few powdered creamers and a sugar packet or two, its doable.

The Doo Dad is the same as ever, stale chocolate cake, sticky white cream in the middle, bright orange frosting sweet enough to make a zombie beg. I eat mine quickly and use the last of this months credits to buy another, saving it for later.

I stare out the window at the empty street. They impounded all the cars after the second outbreak. The government uses them now, so everyone either walks or rides a bike. 

The afternoon sun is making the sky more orange than blue and shadows fall from the tall buildings all around. I still have an hour or two before curfew, so I settle in, enjoy the caffeine and sugar buzz and drag my Biology book out of my backpack.

Im just opening it up when the cow bell over the front door rings. I know from the shuddered breath and dropping forks a Shuffler has just walked in, even if I couldnt hear him  or her  shuffling. 

In the reflection of the giant napkin holder on my table I can see its a he, a tall he, and wearing the blue track suit of a student, which is weird because only the red track suit workers are allowed out this close to curfew. I turn to find Zed/Brody standing there, holding his little kindergarten backpack nervously.

Right away the manager is heading over and I stand to greet her. Hes hes with me, I stammer, tugging Zeds arm toward my table.

You know Ill have to report this to the Sentinels, she says, face red with emotion, voice reeking of her own coffee. 

Okay, okay, but can you give us a few minutes?

She looks at Zed, his gray skin, close cropped hair, ill-fitting blue track suit and sighs. I notice shes wearing a heart-shaped pin on her Crullers Caf apron and, above us, foil red and silver hearts hang from the rafters on clear fishing line.

Its Valentines Eve, I tell her, inching closer. He he used to be my boyfriend.

She looks at Zed, frowns, then nods. I saw my husband three weeks ago, on a road crew, in one of those red track suits the Sentinels make them wear. He didnt even look up. At least this one seems to recognize you

She bites her thin lip. It looks dry and chapped. Ill give you ten minutes but if hes not gone by then, Ill have to report him.

I squeeze her arm and drag Zed to my table. The hell, Zed?

He looks worried, and I dont think its about the lovesick coffee shop manager.

I I wanted to see you one last time.

One last time, why? What?

He shakes his head, waves his hands, like hes frustrated. Let me start over. I wanted wanted to give you this.

He opens his ridiculous backpack and pulls out a sheet of construction paper. Its red, heart shaped, but only half-heart shaped, like he forgot the other half. (Silly zombie.) He slides it across the table and I watch loose glitter leave a trail from his backpack to my coffee cup.

Zed?

He looks away, at the diners at the other tables, who have only just now picked their coffee cups and Danish spoons back up.

I pick the heart up and see the rough cuts he made around the edges. I also see its not that hes forgotten the other half, he folded it in half. I open it up to reveal a whole heart, a whole uneven heart but whos counting.

My heart is pounding as I find a bunch of cut out letters, like youd see on a kidnap ransom note or something. Hapy Valentimes Day, Sara. Luv, Brode.

Oh my God, I squeak, clutching it to my chest, glitter bombing the front of my red and gray striped hoodie. Brody, you you remember?

He shrugs. A little, now and then. Not not as much as I want to.

But, youre not supposed to remember what happened before.

I dont, not really. I just remember you. And me.

But you remember your name?

He shakes his head. You said it to me, that first day in the Art class. I, I hope I spelled it right.

You did, I lie, because really? Suddenly Im going to go all Grammer Queen on the poor guy?

His eyes are deep and probing, happy and sad and hopeless all at the same time. I look down at the crooked paper heart to avoid them. Where did you get all these letters?

He smiles, nods, like a little kid whos wrapped his own Christmas present for you. I used the cards you made for those other girls.

Becky and Shanna and Elaine and Velma?

I needed lots of letters.

I shake my head. I I cant believe you did all this for me.

I wanted to. Its Valentimes Day.

Almost, I murmur, but he is already getting up.

Where are you going?

I broke curfew to come here, he says.

I stand across the table from him, give him a sly look. Howd you know where I lived?

He smiles. Its not the first time Ive broken curfew.

He starts to walk away and I follow him out. I see the manager, picking up the phone as I pass.

The air is crisp and cool, always is this time of year. The sun is almost down now, and my own curfew is coming soon. There are Sentinels at both ends of the street, but theyre in their guard shacks, waving cold hands in front of space heaters.

He turns down a side alley, one he seems far too familiar with. What what are you going to do, Brody?

He smiles. I like that name. Say it again.

We dont have time for that, Brody.

He shakes his head. I have all the time in the world now.

We stand near a dripping heating unit, humming overhead. I mean, we dont have time before that lady calls the Sentinels.

He waves a hand. I can be in the Z-Zone before they get here, he says.

I grab his track jacket by the closest arm, dragging him near. No, Brody, you cant go in there.

Why not?

Thats for the Abandoned, not the Shufflers. Theyre theyre animals in there.

The Z-Zone is a restricted area, just outside of town. Its for zombies only, but the real zombies; the Abandoned. They feed on animals, mostly. It was a state park, before the second outbreak when they started walling up the city. But newcomers to town sometimes stumble into the Z-Zone along the outer walls, where the Sentinels dont patrol as much. Pretty soon, the Abandoned find them, and make them their own.

Theyll eat you up alive.

Zombies dont eat each other, he says, turning, walking. 

You dont know that, Brody!

He smiles to hear the name again. Stops, turns around, puts a hand  a gentle hand  on each shoulder. I know that I cant go back to the Center, Sarah. Not again, not ever again.

But school, Brody?

What are they going to teach me? To push a broom? Unclog a toilet? Thats all the work crews do, and thats all theyll let me join when I graduate.

He turns again, shuffles another step or two away. But me? I stammer after him. Us?

He stops again, turns, but only halfway this time. All I know about us is whats in your eyes, Sarah. And thats not enough.

I kind of clump into myself after that, watching him go. Hell be lucky to get to the Z-Zone without being snatched by the Sentinels, and luckier still to get past a guard station without being seen. Either way, in or out, hes doomed.

I hear crinkling in my book bag and gasp, racing to catch up. I hold the extra Doo Dad cake out, the one Id been saving for later. Here, Brody, for your trip.

He stops and smiles, takes it, shoves it in his jacket pocket. A valentime? For me?

Huh, I wasnt thinking of it like that but, it works. Sure, of course!

He smiles, mostly to himself, and turns, shuffling off without another word. I cant believe it. I cant believe Im watching him walk away again. So much is different, but nothing has changed.

I watch him go, feeling like a freshman all over again. The valentine is still clutched in my hand, crackly with dried glue and sticky with glitter. And to think, I wondered why anybody would give a valentine anymore?


* * * * *


Story # 10:
Zombie Eve



Snow falls softly in the midnight sky, crunching beneath my shuffling feet. The graveyard is wide and vast, with acres of headstones silently dusted by the fizzy flakes. They land on my lashes and drift into my open ear holes and coat my greasy hair and I shake them off every few steps. They may look pretty in a movie, but in real life snow is just annoying. 

The gate is high and wide and locked. It takes awhile, but I read the letters overhead. It would be hard anyway, living or not, because theyre in this type of gold cursive lettering. (Okay, not real gold, but still.) Brushy, says the first cursive word. And then a few minutes later. Pines. And then, an easy one because I see it so often, Cemetery.

I say it out loud, my voice more a croak than anything else. Brushy Pines Cemetery.

I shrug, admiring the mowed lawn on either side of the gate. Most of the graveyards I see these days are gnarly and overgrown with weeds and broken headstones, bones both in and out of the graves. Its not exactly anybodys first priority anymore, not when its more important to, say, protect yourself from actual zombies. 

But not this one.

There are lights blinking on either side of the gate. And around the trees in the graveyard. Soft white lights that, for some reason, make me feel warm. And familiar. And safe. 

Thats new, I say to myself. Out loud. I say a lot of things to myself. All the time, all day, out loud. Screw it. It keeps me human, or at least as close to it as possible, and Im way past worrying what others think of me, living or dead.

There is a chain wound tight around the doors where they meet in the middle. Hanging from the chain is a padlock. I take my backpack off and open it up. Inside is a pair of small bolt cutters, still fairly new, like the fold-up army shovel they clank against as I yank them out.

They make short work of the cheap padlock, and the sound of the chain slinking through the bars of the gate and tumbling to the ground would make me drool if I still could. For the last few years, I dont remember how many, theyve been the sound I associate with food.

Or, in my case, brain food.

Snow crunches under foot as I shuffle forward. Its not a shuffle so much as a walk, scrape, limp, scrape, but the Donors like to call us Shufflers just the same. (And, in case youre keeping score, Shufflers equals Zombies and Donors equals humans, i.e. brain donors. Cute, huh?)

I can smell the fresh grave dirt just over a small rise to the left, and reach into my backpack to replace the bolt cutters in my hand with the shovel. I unfold it until it snaps into place, a black shovel gleaming in the moonlight, new just like my boots and the baggy green army jacket scraping against the back pockets of my old black jeans.

I stopped at one of those army supply places a few towns back. There are a lot more of them than there used to be, by my count. It was locked, it was late, but I left money so dont judge. Maybe not enough, but its a lot better than what most Shufflers do, which is just walk in, day or night, snatch a brain from the Donors head and then take what they want.

The shovel feels good in my hand and I smile softly at the lights on the trees as I walk toward the freshly-covered grave. There are a stack of white folding chairs next to a little white archway thing. Its kind of weird, that they still have funerals for people. They must have called it quits on bringing the chairs back into the funeral home when the snow started falling.

I look closer and see footprints, small ones, dusted lightly but still crisp and clear and think, Someone was just here.

If it wasnt for the scent of fresh brains wafting from six feet under, I could probably sniff out who it was, but as it is Ive got a one-brain mind. I dig, and dig, the sharp metal of the shovel blade sliding deep into the loose, dark earth and then out again, over and over.

I get busy in my work, quickly displacing the grave dirt into a small but getting bigger pile at my side. The grave is shallower than I would expect. If anything theyve been digging them deeper and deeper the last few years, and I reach the coffin quickly. Its made of cheap wood, like they mostly all are now, and provides little resistance against my sharp, black shovel blade.

I ignore the bodys face, turn it to the right so I cant see the cold, dead eyes, and go to town. The brain is lovely, firm and sweet and I wipe the juices off my chin with the sleeve of the corpses coat. I climb from the grave, shovel the dirt back in, stamp it down, walk over it, and unfold one of the chairs.

Its all I can do to sit down in it before I fall down on it. There is always a kind of full, electric feeling afterward, which usually makes me dizzy. Sitting down helps. My eyelids flutter and my vision grows blurry, but not for long. My hands tremble with the sudden surge of electric current and foreign chemicals to my body, the undead cells filling with the juices of the afterlife, giving me the power I need to go on. For another day, or another few days, before I can find my next fresh brain. 

I sit there, calmly, hands on my knees, the snow covering my bloody knuckles, the tops of my new boots, settling in the cuffs of my black jeans. The lights on the trees glow softly and I hear music. But no, that cant be. 

In hundreds of graveyards Ive run across a lot of things. Couples making out, husbands drinking to their long lost wives, hooligans trying to conjure the dead, pranksters in masks, but never have I heard music.

Its kind of like an unwritten rule; leave your boom box at the graveyard fence. I turn, slowly, to hear the music coming from behind me. Its coming closer. It sounds familiar, like a song from my past I cant quite remember.

The chair creaks as I turn some more and the music pauses, stopping where it is. Not the song, but the sound. For a moment, there is only the music. Old style music, a piano and soft guitar. Then words,  make the Yule tide gay, from now on our troubles will be miles away

My hands pause upon my knees, and I freeze where I am. Thats thats

Christmas music.

The voice is small and appears out of nowhere. It brings the music in the form of a small, battery operated radio. It looks old, with a bent wire hanger for an antennae and random strips of duct tape holding it together probably. 

He is small, in a bright red coat that contrasts with his dark skin. There is a black and red snow cap shoved down low on his head. He has big glasses with black frames that keep sliding down his nose. He pushes them back with his mittened hand, smiling awkwardly like he doesnt know whether to stand there or brain me with his radio. 

What are you doing One minute his voice is all airy and light, and the next he spots me, the real me, sitting in front of him. His voice, his posture, shifts. 

Oh, he says, but makes no blitz to move.

Then another: Oh.

His hands are small, even in the mittens, which are pretty bushy. He looks down on me, but only because Im sitting. I stay sitting, because Ive fed. Otherwise, Id be skittish and, well, tempted to see whats under that ski cap of his.

His eyes are kind but inquisitive, and fearful. He takes a step or two back, but not quickly, and not big steps.

I wont I wont hurt you, I say, aware my voice is cold and hoarse and my hands, no matter how much I tried to clean them, are still dark with gore, the kind that takes more than a few dozen snowflakes to wipe clean.

He shrugs and the material of his thick jacket squeaks. I guess, I guess its too late to stop you if you wanted to.

I shake my head, hoping there arent any leftover bits of brain between my teeth. (How embarrassing would that be?!?) No, you could still run.

He sighs and unfolds one white chair, then another, directly across from me. He puts the radio on the first chair, lovingly, centering it, as if that might make the tinny sound better somehow. Now its playing White Christmas, but with no words. I just recognize the music. 

Im tired of running, he says, sliding onto his chair like hes pulling himself up to the kiddy table. His feet dont quite touch the ground and he wriggles them, back and forth, nervously.

I cock my head, wishing my hair wasnt so greasy. I dont try to provoke the Donors, like some Shufflers do. I stick to the back roads, stay off them during the day, only feed at night, in graveyards, off the dead. The recently dead, so at least theres still some juice left in their noggins. 

Thats funny, I croak, watching him wince at the sound of my voice. I wish I could run.

He smirks, flashing mostly white teeth. You could always shuffle real fast.

He has a gentle voice, like maybe he was in the gifted program at school. Or an usher at church or in Chorus or ROTC or something. 

He smells good, and not just in a potential meal kind of way. There is a soapy air about him, like maybe he just took a shower or, these days, more likely a bath.

He shifts in his seat a little and the song ends. An announcer with a deep, radio voice cuts in: 



We hope youre enjoying tonights special Christmas show. We know many of you may be missing a loved one tonight, and we hope these songs find you thinking pleasant thoughts of holidays gone by. Well continue to keep playing your favorite hits of the season in a moment, but now an update on the latest Shuffler activity. Scouts in Sector 11 have detained a band of six Shufflers at the border while an attack has been reported in Sector 8. Two casualties so far, but no infections as of yet. If you have any Shuffler activity to report tonight, you can use the regular Sentinel hotline or call the station and well alert the proper authorities. Now, back to the music on KX87



The kid looks up guiltily, as if I dont already know the way Donors think of us, or talk about us, or how they try to trap us at the borders. As if I care, or can blame them.

Home for Christmas plays next, and he taps along quietly with his mittens on his brown corduroy pants. 

Do you have a name? he asks, braving a closer look at me. To his credit, he only winces twice. 

I used to, I say. Now they just call me Scout.

Why?

Cuz thats what I do. I walk ahead, a few miles at least, and sniff things out. If nothings doing, if theres nothing to eat, I come back. If somethings happening, a fresh grave or road kill, I find it first and when I dont come back, the rest know to follow.

He looks around, eyes wide and mittens tapping, and not in time to the music. Dont worry, theyre hours away from us. Maybe half a day, if the snow keeps up like this.

He sits back in his seat, but some of the sweetness is gone from his voice when he asks, But, before it was Scout, what was your name?

You mean, when I was alive? He nods, scratching at his woolen cap with matching mittens. Tracy.

He wrinkles his nose and pushes his glasses up. I think I like Scout better.

I chuckle, dryly. Me too.

There is a silence, but no awkward pause this time. I say, Your turn.

I like my taken name better, too.

Taken name?

He shrugs. When I lost the last of my people, I figured I could call myself whatever I wanted. So I took a name.

And nothing. I sigh, making come on, come on motions with my hands. My bloody hands. Which was?

He smirks, looking down. The Caretaker.

I snort. 

He looks up, wrinkles his nose. Hey, what?

You mean, like the wrestler?

He smiles and slaps a fuzzy palm on his forehead. No, thats the Undertaker.

I nod, still fuzzy on the kids logic. So, why the Caretaker?

He points over his shoulder and I look up to see a house on the hill. Its lit, a rarity these days, and then I listen more closely and hear the background hum of a generator. A big one. 

My Dad was the caretaker of the cemetery for a long time, before he went to school to be a funeral director, then he did that. He taught me what to do, after the first outbreak. Just in case, you know. Then, when all his help died during the second one, I took over. We were partners. Then they got him in the last one, and so this is what I do now.

I tap my chair, point at his. You did all this? The funeral? The coffin?

He nods, proudly.

Dude, how old are you?

Fourteen, he says, sitting up a little, like its going to make him taller, let alone older. 

I nod, because thats pretty impressive. He looks at me, waits a bit and then says, And you?

You dont want to know.

What, Im going somewhere?

I was seventeen during the first outbreak.

He nods. That when it happened? That when they got you?

I nod. I was on my way home, my phone was out of juice so I didnt hear anything on the news. I stopped in front of the TV store, you know, and saw a bunch of zombies on all the screens in the front window. I thought, I thought it was Sean of the Dead 6 or something, you know? Then I recognized City Hall, and the town square and I looked behind me and well, there they all were. It was too late to run. A few hours later I came to and shuffled out of town. I found some others, like me, ones who could talk, walk, figure, stay alive, stay undead, anyway. That was, well, that was during the first outbreak

Three years ago, he fills in the date. I nod. He wrinkles his nose again. Youre old.

I chuckle, the dizzying electric wave draining out of me, leaving me numb and almost cheerful, or what passes for it in the afterlife. You dont know the half of it.

We sit there, for a minute or two, maybe more. I look around, hear the silence, other than the music. Youre here alone? No parents? Brothers? Sisters?

You got em all, he says simply. I mean, you people. You things.

I give him that because, we are. Look at me, gore under my nails, brain bits still on the back of my tongue, nothing but a bolt cutter and a gory shovel in my backpack. 

But not me, I say. I didnt kill them.

He shrugs. How do you know?

I shake my head. Hes got me; I dont. In the beginning, during the angry time, shuffling from town to town in that first month or two, I was like a werewolf during a full moon, or that time Jenny Crackles parents went out of town and I drank so much of their vodka I blacked out in the shower. 

Back then I ate anything that moved; human, animal, mineral. Their faces meant nothing, and I barely remember the first few. Its only after a dozen or so brains that things settle down upstairs, that you cool out and find the you hidden inside.

You never get all the way back, mind you, but just enough to know its wrong to kill a human. That is, unless theyre trying to kill you. 

Youre right, I tell him, because he seems to be waiting for something like that. I dont know, but I dont think it was me.

He waves a hand, offering an awkward half-smile. It wasnt you, he finally says. 

How do you know?

He pats his pants pocket and pulls out a small pistol, old, with more duct tape on the handle. Because I hunted down the ones that did kill my family, every last one.

No wonder youre still around, I say.

He nods, then shakes his head. Just wasnt my time yet.

Hes a weird one, this kid. But then, this has made us all weird, the living and the dead. Still, there are worse ways to celebrate Christmas. He stops talking and listens to the music. We both do. Winter Wonderland is jazzy, but Rudolph is cheesy.

When the song ends, followed by a quiet moment or two full of static, I start to think of my friends, and what might happen if they find me here. I stand, abruptly, snow falling off my knees. Hey, where you going?

I I have to go now, before my friends get here.

He stands, his voice desperate. Take me with you.

I laugh, play it off. He tugs my sleeve and a violent notion fills my head. Donors dont touch Shufflers unless they want trouble; to give it, or get it. You think, with a pistol in his pocket and a house full of coffins, the kid would know that by now.

Im serious. He follows me, down the hill, toward the gate. 

You wouldnt like my friends.

He tugs me again and I turn, unable to hide the snarl on my face. He takes a step or two back. It doesnt I  mean, from what you said it doesnt sound like youd miss them very much, either.

I smirk. The kid has a point. I think of Scrim and his bulgy yellow eyes, of Sarah and her mousy, dead voice, of Craft and his bossy, bulging ways. So?

So, so Were walking again, and he doesnt just follow me, he bumps around at my side. So I cant go back to that house anymore. I cant bury anymore else. Not anymore.

I nudge him, playfully. But youre the Caretaker.

And and youre the Scout. So, Scout us someplace new, away from here, away from your friends. Well start over, together.

I shake my head. It doesnt work like that.

Why not?

Because the living and the dead arent supposed to travel together, dont you know?

His eyes grow wide, his smile bright. Thats just it. You need me, Scout. You need me to get through check points, and borders and places where Shufflers cant go.

Ive done fine so far, I brag. 

But have I? Taking the back roads, always at night? The kids right. He could open up new doors, take me places I havent been yet. We could snap a pair of cuffs on me, he says hes bringing me in for a bounty, we could go anywhere. It could work. Actually, it would work.

He watches me, the wheels going around in my mind. I wonder how long weve been standing here, how much closer my friends are.

It wont work, I say, unconvincing. Ill get hungry, youll be sleeping, I wont be able to help myself.

He taps his pistol pocket and says, Ill make sure youre fed before I go to sleep at night. Please, honest, just come to the house, let me get some stuff and well be

Theres no time, I tell him, pulling him through the gate. I yank it shut, loudly, and wind the chain through the doors, kick the lock into some bushes to the side. 

What do you mean? You said I had all night? You said they wouldnt be here until

I keep walking, to the side, past the graveyard. He follows. I was kidding, okay? I figured Id talk to you long enough, theyd show up and Merry Christmas, Zombie Pals.

Dick! he says.

I hang my head. Im not proud of it.

You were going to let them eat me?

Hey, zombies need Christmas, too.

But now?

I move, as quickly as I can. Now, Im saving you.

Gee, thanks.

We walk, and I can tell its a pain for him to walk as slowly as I do. But I cant help it, and no manner of training is going to make me faster. Hell just have to deal.

We walk up a hill on the edge of town. I know theres a border crossing coming up ahead of us, and the rest of my crew at my back. This is stupid, and crazy, but its also the first time Ive looked forward to sunrise in the last three years.

Hey, he breathes, raggedly, and suddenly I remember how easily humans tire. Wait up!

We stand there on the rise, covered in snow, surrounded by trees. Below us Crescent Valley lies quiet and still, the houses lit, if not all by electricity, than the rest by fire pits in the yard. People stand, clustered, armed but clustered, talking, laughing, drinking, their breath coming out like steam.

The Caretaker  yeah, were going to have to find him a better taken name  leans against a tree, catching his breath. Hes still got his radio. He must have turned it off somewhere, along the way. I say, Turn it on, will you?

He smiles, turns a knob, and Silent Night streams out, some instrumental version, guitar only. 

Nice, we say, almost at the same time.

And it is. Nice, I mean. I dont know how long it will last, or what the hell Im thinking, but it is nice. I look from the town to the kid. Hes smiling, shoving up his snow hat, itching his nose. 

Lets go, I say.

Already?

Theres another one of those army supply stores down there. Wont be open tonight. You got any money?

Why?

Do you have any money?

Yeah, Id have more if youd let me go home, but since thats a big no, baby I have a few bucks.

So well break in, buy some handcuffs, youll bring me to the border in the morning.

You sure?

I look behind us, knowing my friends are on the way. Its the only way to get rid of my friends, once and for all.

He nods, and we walk, side by side, to the bottom of the rise. There is an hour or two before dawn, and a mile or two to the Border. Just enough time for me to realize the mess Ive gotten myself into.

And how to keep from backing out of it



* * * * * 


Story # 11:
Zombies Dont Need Bodyguards



Booger Johnsons fist flies into my face, making my already black eye even blacker. Is that even possible? Can it be, what, double black? Or maybe it will be purple now? Or blue? Or black and blue and purple, all mixed in together in a masterpiece of pain?

I fall back against the monkey bars, head pounding against the rusty steel, bleeding from the fat lip Boogers buddy Jimbo gave me when out of the blue Skeeter Morrison trips me with her size 10 hi-tops.

I fall, face first, into the playground sand, blood and boogers and tears mixing together as I try not to chip (another) tooth. I sneak a peek at my digital watch and see one minute and twenty-nine seconds left on the timer. 

Dude, does he have to be so literal?

Ill be a limbless, unrecognizable, bloody pulp by the time he creeps out of his hiding place, and what good will all my weeks of training do me then?

I stumble to one knee, my pinky bent at a really, unnaturally, grossly disgusting angle as I rest my hand on the knee of my torn jeans. Im out of breath, but I dont know why. All Im doing is getting knocked around by Booger and his pals. I mean, its not exactly like it takes a lot of effort.

Stay down, urges Skeeter, swiping a lock of her straight, greasy blond hair out of her eyes. 

Shes got a major Peppermint Patty vibe going on, and not in a feel good, Christmas special, Hallmark moment kind of way. Her faded, greasy concert T-shirt is for a band called Death Slayer and shows snakes crawling out of a skull. Im pretty familiar with it, since shes worn it the last four times shes beaten me up.

Shes right, though. I should stay down. Every time they wail on me, she says the same thing: Stay down. Not because she doesnt want to hurt me anymore, but because shes tired of hurting me.

I use one of the rusty bars to haul myself up and Booger slams into me from behind, knocking the wind out of me as I tumble into the swing sets. I lay, face down, bent over at the waist, bobbing back and forth on the nearest swing, my fingers scraping the sand as I see stars.

Id throw up, but I havent eaten all day because Jimbo stole my macaroni and cheese at lunch. Okay, sure, I did get a few gulps in when he dumped it back on my head, but most of it fell on the table and forget you if you think Im eating off a cafeteria table.

Skeeter yanks me off the swing and I slump to the ground, head pounding, chest heaving, dry mouthed. I look at my digital watch, cracked now, but still gong: 42 seconds left.

42 seconds and Ill never get beaten up again. I grab the long pole that keeps the swing set up and haul myself to my feet. Skeeter looks at me, chewing on a grody yellow weed that matches her grimy skin and crooked teeth.

Jimbo and Booger exchange a can you believe this kid? look while examining their bruised knuckles. Skeeter abandons the weed and hocks a loogie the size of most house pets, which lands at my feet.

I lean against the swing set, killing time in between ragged breaths. 

Why do you keep looking at that watch? Skeeter asks, coming closer, the familiar smell of nicotine and cat hair wafting off of her.

I shrug. No reason not to tell her now. Im waiting for the cavalry.

She snorts. Im pretty sure she doesnt know what the word means, otherwise shed ask what cavalry, right? Instead she reaches for my hand, and yanks off the watch.

Dont! I growl, so loud, so fierce, even Booger and Jimbo shuffle over to see whats gotten into me.

Skeeter looks up at them, all 115-pounds of her. She looks at me and I grumble, My Dad gave me that, before the first infection.

Booger laughs. All my old man ever gave me was a fat lip.

Give it back, Skeeter. I taste the sting of blood every time I talk, my stomach growing nauseous as I stand there, lumped and battered, digesting my own bodily fluids. 

Come and get it, Cyrus. 

She holds it up, tauntingly. I picture my Dad, smiling, pulling the box out from under his butchers apron, handing it over with surprisingly clean hands. It was a graduation present, from junior high. Id made the honors list three years in a row, got a certificate and everything. 

He couldnt close the shop to attend the ceremony, and he gave me the watch two weeks after school let out for the summer, but he gave me the watch. 

My Dad. Just before the first outbreak, when the zombies smelled fresh meat and gorged on everything in Dads butcher shop, including Dad.

Ive worn it every day since. 

And now this Peppermint Patty looking witch is going to stand there, weed flecks on her lips, and keep it from me?

I scan the tree line, looking for Brody. Thats what I call him, anyway. Or, more specifically, the only name he responded to after, I dunno, I tried 290 or so? Everything from Zed to Zander, and all the other Z names, then everything from Brad to Tom to Matt to Sven, nothing. But suddenly, Brody, and he perks up?

But Brodys not there. 

Peppermint Patty, sorry, Skeeter inches forward, smiling her crooked smile, making her pug nose and all its freckles bunch up like wrinkles in a greasy brown paper bag.

Go on, Cyrus, take it. I dare ya!

I clench my fists, even though it hurts my bent left pinky to do so. Look out, Skeeter, hisses Booger from the sidelines, his tank top ripped from where I grabbed onto it to stop from falling to the ground after he belted me in the ear. (Newsflash: it didnt work.) 

Yeah, urges Jimbo, rattling the chains on the swing set like a monkey in the zoo, hes getting all riled up, balling his fists and everything, like a real little man.

My ears burn whenever they call that. Little man. So, Im short. So, Ive always been short. So what? Is it my fault theyre genetically altered primates who were already the size of NFL linebackers by sixth grade and have only gotten bigger since?

I stand up a little taller and grit my teeth, spitting out each word through blood bubbles that form on my fat, broken lip. Give. It. Back. Skeeter.

Come. And. Get Just then the alarm sounds, beep, beep, beep, beep, making Skeeter flinch for, I think, the first time ever. 

Suddenly the bushes behind the carousel rustle and Brody stands, tall and lanky in his favorite Gamma Man T-shirt and those stupid thrift shop pajama pants he likes so much. 

What took you so long? I wheeze, finally wiping the blood off my lip with the back of my arm.

He shoots me a flash of indignation. Or maybe its rage. Or boredom. Or sadness. Or gladness. He basically has three expressions, and they mostly all look alike, so it could be any or all of the above. Or he could just have zombie gas, which he gets when I bring him not-so-fresh brains from the butcher shop.

The hoodie hides most of his face, casting his gray pallor and yellow teeth in shadow. The sleeves are long, too, so they cant really see his thin, skeletal fingers or the gnarly, broken nails at the end of his fingertips. Of course, he cant hide the shuffling but, then again, most of the playground is sand and its pretty hard to walk straight even if you are still alive. 

Who do we have here? grins Booger, flexing his muscles as he tenses at the newcomer. 

Naturally, Jimbo has to chime in. Yeah, pal, theres nothing to see here. Move along and you wont get hurt. 

I dont plan on it, grunts Brody, dead vocal chords blunt and hoarse, sounding like the worlds best undead Clint Eastwood impersonator.

Skeeter looks up at Brody, then down at the watch in her hands. I can see the wheels in her head spinning, but by the time shes put two and two together hes standing right in front of her. Looming over her, is more like it. Being cramped in that messy cooler, Ive forgotten how tall he is.  

She looks up, face ugly and defiant, until he shifts the hoodie back just enough for her to see whats hiding beneath. Then her face goes sickly and soft. She tries to stumble back but he stamps on her toes. I watch her face as the bones crack and she crumples to the sand.

Hmmm, I always thought shed be a lot tougher than that.

Brody turns to me, hood puddled around his broad shoulders, smile grim as he points to the watch in the sand. Get it.

Dang, when did he become so bossy? For the past three weeks hes been cowering in my Dads walk-in cooler at the butcher shop, gnawing on bone marrow and meat scraps and whatever lambs brains I can cadge from the delivery guys. Suddenly hes Donald Trump?

Still, theres something dangerous about his voice, his posture, so I obey. 

Hey, says Booger, and Im so intimidated by Brody I barely feel him stepping on my hand. Leave her alone!

Booger is tall, and wide, but hes human and, in the end, built of soft, warm flesh wrapped around surprisingly fragile bones. Brody reaches out and grabs his nearest arm. With one tug, like snapping a fishing line when youve got one on the hook, he yanks Boogers massive arm out of its socket.

Booger crumbles next to Skeeter, tears springing to his eyes, face red as he looks up at Brody. You youre a zombie!?! he sputters, stammering, snot streaming out of his wide, pug nose. (Hmmm, so thats why they call him Booger!)

Shut up, hisses Brody, and its the first time Ive heard fear in his voice. 

A zombie! Booger shouts, looking to Jimbo, waving him off. Go, get somebody dude. Get the Sentinels, the cops, whatever. Dudes a zombie!

Jimbo stands, just north of the swing set. But I thought they rounded the last of them up, after the latest outbreak? Hes talking to himself, mainly, figuring it out as fast as those 87 IQ points will let him. Brody cuts me a warning look. 

Yeah, there there shouldnt be any left! Jimbo says, inching forward.

Well there is, obviously, shrieks Skeeter. Go, Jimbo, before

Brody kneels down in the sand, grabs a handful and shoves it in Skeeters mouth. He smiles as he does so, and when he yanks his hand back to grab some more, I see a bloody tooth fall from his grip.

Skeeter mumbles and muffles and Booger starts to scream, Zom before Brody gives him the sand treatment as well. Boogers face turns purple and Brody just watches him, stuffing in more and more sand as the brute has to start breathing through his big, fat, flaring nostrils.

Thats when I hear Jimbo whimper. When I look up, hes turning to run. Go, says Brody, shoving me. His hands are cold, and not just from three weeks in the cooler. Go before he tells someone about me.

I I cant, I gasp.

His expression is unforgiving. You must.

I get up. I run. Jimbo is fast, but you can tell hes spent his whole life chasing people rather than being chased. I catch up to him in six paces, but then what? I leap on his back, because if he tells anyone  anyone  about Brody, were cooked. Thats it. Game over.

Not just for Brody, wholl be rounded up and sent off to some Rehabilitation Camp on the outskirts of town, but me, too, for aiding and abetting one of the living dead. Ill get sent to reform school or something, or maybe even locked up like that one family who kept their little kid zombie in the dog house for two weeks, before she eventually got out and killed the neighbors.

I get an elbow in my windpipe which, if youve never felt it, hurts like a Mack truck rolling over your eyeball. Twice. I roll over and climb to my knees and get a sneaker in my ribs for the effort, landing against a tree. But at least Jimbo is looking down at me, and not over at the rundown apartment complex down the block. 

His fists are balled, dangling at his side like any self-respecting Neanderthals. I inch away, trying to lure him back to the monkey bars. He takes a step or two, then remembers where hes supposed to be going. 

I panic, picturing me in a cell surrounded by even bigger, nastier Neanderthals than Jimbo. Hey, scumbag. That gets his attention, but not on me. Hes looking at something, or someone, just over my shoulder. I turn and see Brody there, smiling down at me.

How long have you been standing there?

Long enough.

I thought you were supposed to be helping me.

He smirks. I am.

Grass crumples and Jimbo pivots, turning toward the apartment complex. Hey! he shouts, waving his arms. Its late afternoon, with no traffic on the street. But that could change any minute. Hey! Zombie Alert! Over here. Hey!

He starts inching away when Brody tackles him, moving faster than I thought was zombie-ly possible. I hear more bones crunch and Jimbo winces as Brody turns him over and starts shoving fists full of dirt and grass into his mouth to keep him quiet. When hes done, when Jimbo is muzzled with miracle grow lawn products, Brody tells me to drag him back to the playground.

You drag him, I huff.

Fine, says Brody, turning away. Let someone drive by and see him here, waving his arms and come investigate.

He starts shuffling away. I get up, dust the grass stains off my jeans and grab Jimbo by the shoulders. His eyes are big and his face is purple and he squirms and I can only move him an inch at a time holding onto his grody T-shirt, but I do it. 

Somehow, I do it. He wriggles and fights the whole way, kicking out tufts of dirt as his shirt rides up his waist and his eyes bug out over his mouth full of turf. But his right arm is bent at a funny angle and his left is limp. 

I step in mud, and wonder if the sprinklers have gone on while I was gone. I turn from dragging Jimbo, breathless and spent, only to find puddles of blood everywhere, and no bodies anywhere. 

Well, no intact bodies anyway.

Dig, says Brody, handing me Skeeters shoe. Out falls a toe and, after belching up bile, I use its sturdy rubber heel to dig. We bury what we can and I dont ask where the rest of the pieces-parts went, assuming theyre resting safely inside Brodys bottomless pit of an undead stomach.

Jimbo lies there, limp and swallowing dirt. I heave and huff and ask, Now what?

Brody sits with his knees up in front of him, his back to the monkey bars, bloody hands on his knees. Its getting dark now. Others will be here soon, the after dinner crowd of cool kids looking to chill, smoke pot, make out, maybe drink a stolen beer or two before curfew. 

Brody looks relaxed now, like he did the first time I fed him raw meat off of Dads counter. Id found him out back, middle of the night, sniffing around the dumpster. It was a few days after the last roundup, a full week after the latest outbreak. All the zombies were supposed to be gone, corralled, dissected, whatever it is they do with them.

Id been sleeping in the stock room of Dads butcher shop ever since, well ever since. I heard scraping, stumbling, and looked out the window. Thats when I saw him; scrawny, pale, half-naked, bloody, basically empty. They get like that, when they havent fed. 

The zombies, I mean.

I limped out of the cot Id set up back there. Booger had pounded on me that day after school, like always, so bad I could barely walk home. I was already thinking of him  of what Id do to him  when I saw the zombie. 

I grabbed a ham steak from the cooler. It was slightly past due and I knew the rotten stench would get the zombies attention with the quickness. I thought of where to stick him, to hide him, so I could train him. I opened the back door and lured him inside.

He sniffed me, first. I had a butchers knife in my free hand, just in case. He ignored it, ignored me, and yanked the ham steak out of my fingers. He devoured it, but I knew meat alone wasnt going to satisfy him. They teach you that in school now, the zombie anatomy. So you know what to do if you ever meet one.

I grabbed another steak, a fresh one this time, prime rib, if you really want to know, and tossed it in the cooler. Just far back enough so hed have to wander in to investigate. He looked skeptical there by the back door, for all of about two seconds, before following it in. As soon as his back was to the cooler door, I slammed it and locked him in. 

He didnt really fight or complain. He just sat there, gnawing on that steak, staring at me through the foggy window inside the door. I stared back until he started freaking me out, then tried to sleep. 

The next day I asked one of the delivery men for some brains. Said I had a special order for one of my favorite customers. He said the government was stamping down on brains lately and made me give him an extra twenty bucks, under the table, before hed give me any.

After Brody ate them, he relaxed. He even talked. A little. He seemed mad, me tricking him like that, but even when the cooler door was open and I was busy trying not to get brain juice all over myself, he never tried to leave. 

After that I got him brains twice a week, and he slowly became more human. We could have conversations, real ones, with words and everything. After a week or so, I even opened the cooler door while we talked. He didnt even try to run, or bite off my ear to suck my brains through the hole.

I told him hed be stupid to attack me, anyway. That if he behaved, if he did what I wanted, this one little thing, he could live in my cooler forever. That he could eat all the lambs brains he wanted until the end of time. And I meant it, too. Maybe thats why he finally agreed, because he knew I wasnt trying to trick him anymore. 

Suddenly he grunts, kicking sand onto my shoe and bringing me back to the present. As if reading my mind, he says, Lambs brains arent enough, you know?

I nod. Somehow, I knew they never would be.

I did what you wanted, he sighs. I did what you asked.

Thanks? It comes out like a question because, no, not really. What Id asked him was to rough Booger and Skeeter and Jimbo up, not tear them apart and feast on their rubbery cerebellums. Now Ive got two missing kids on my hands, and one with a mouthful of sod, and everyone knows theyve been bullying me since the third grade.

Youre welcome.

I snort. Thats called sarcasm, by the way.

Oh. Well, I dont think zombies get sarcasm.

Dont sell yourself short. Youre smarter than these three combined.

He grunts. Thats supposed to be a compliment?

No, not really. So, now what?

Now you have a choice.

Now its my turn to grunt. Oh, so now youre calling the shots?

Not really, I just know I cant spend the rest of my afterlife in your cooler.

I look at his bloody chin, the new fire in his eyes, the way his skin seems fleshier now, his torso filled out as well. Its like hes a water balloon and the faucets still on, plumping him up by degrees. No, I guess not. I mean, what do I do now?

He smiles, and I think I see a piece of flesh between his teeth. You can go back to your Dads butcher shop, wait for the cops to come, or the Sentinels, or you can come with me.

Thats not really much of a choice, is it Brody?

When he doesnt respond, I ask, Where are you going?

Away from here. Wherever my kind went.

Your kind? The Sentinels, the cops, they got all your kind.

They didnt get me. I can smell the others, not too far away. I cant stay here anymore. You shouldnt, either.

Me? Why? You did what I asked. You took care of my problem.

Did I? Look at how hard it was to handle Jimbo on your own. What about tomorrow, at school? You think this is the end of being bullied? You think it stops with two bullies, even three?

Yeah, actually, I do.

He shakes his head. Bullies arent your problem, Rex. Youre your problem. You get bullied because you think you should get bullied. I dont know why, and we dont have time to find out. All I know is, if you come with me, I can promise you a life without fear. I can promise you a life where youre the strong one, youre the hunter, not the prey. Youre the

Zombie? I gulp. I do, I literally gulp. As scared as Ive been in my life, and Ive been pretty scared, Ive never actually gulped before. You mean, where Im the zombie?

He shrugs. Gets up, dusts his pajama pants off. Come with me, Rex. Its not so bad.

No thanks. Ive seen Brody up close, smelled him, fed him. It is bad, actually. Pretty darn bad. No thanks.

Suit yourself. He turns and starts away.

Hey, what about Jimbo?

At the sound of his name, as if suddenly remembering where he is and whats been done to him, Jimbo struggles, rolling over, getting to his knees.

Brody almost smiles. Take care of him yourself.

That wasnt the deal.

Consider this a new deal.

I turn. Brody is there, only a few steps away. He looks strong now, alive, in charge. I know hes right, about being zombie strong, but I cant do that to myself. 

Can I?

Help me, I beg. Just help me get rid of him and Ill never ask you anything else again.

He shuffles back, nods. I smile, and turn away from him so I dont see him coming. His bite is like hot power in my shoulder, like an electric knife buzzing through my skin. I smell his breath and my blood and fall to my knees, jerking like my fingers in an electric socket and theres no way to pull it out. 

No, I hear myself gurgle, blood in my mouth, as my eyes close. I feel dizzy, open them again, find that Ive fallen down. No, wait, Im sitting up. Suddenly its dark, the moon is out, and high. I go to rub sand out of my eyes and smear blood across my face. It smells good; real good.

I look down and see a foot at my feet, gnarled and naked, bite marks on the toes. Brody sits on the swing set, patiently, rocking back and fro like little kids do, his thrift shop sneakers scratching the sand.

What what happened?

I helped you, Rex. Just like you asked. Youll thank me one day.

I? I look down, see not much left of Jimbo, see my stomach bloated, blood all over my Star Wars shirt. I did this?

All by yourself. He stands, helps me up. His skin doesnt feel so cold anymore. Is that because mine is, too?

My head feels light and I can hear the sand cascade off the knees of my pants. He holds my hand and leads me off the playground. Its hard to walk, and now I know why he shuffles so. Its like the signals from my brain dont quite reach my feet. 

Were a sad lot, but Im not actually sad. Or mad. Or glad. Im none of those things, but I am this: fearless. I dont care if the cops come, or the Sentinels, or the ghosts of Jimbo and Booger and Skeeter or even another zombie.

For the first time in my life, I feel no fear. The shadows dont haunt me, the moonlight doesnt make me reach for the nightlight in my room and my shoulders arent permanently hunched, wondering whos going to give me a wedgie next.

We head through the trees, slowly, until I get my bearings. I see the plastics factory on the edge of town, silent now, and beyond that another forest, and beyond that who knows. Ive never left Nightshade before, never had any reason to before.

I can smell them, I say, my voice hoarse, like his. My throat is as dry as the blood caked on my lips and chin. Jimbos blood. 

Brody cracks that crooked smile. Who, your friends back there? Wipe your lip.

No, your friends, out there.

He doesnt say anything for a few steps. Sorry, shuffles. Then, Theyre your friends now, too, Rex.

I follow him, and feel the dried blood on my face crack with my smile. What would that be like, I wonder, to have friends?

Is that your real name? I ask him. I figure, if this is it now, if its me and him and the zombies against the world, I should know his real name. Brody, I mean?

Naw, it was Phillip.

Phillip? You dont look like a Phillip.

He pauses, near a tree. I lean against it, just to stay balanced.

Not anymore I dont.

So why would you only answer to Brody, in the beginning?

I guess I wanted a new start.

That sounds good. Me too.

Yeah, like what? Whats a new start name?

I smile, cracking more dried blood. Thor.

He snorts, covering his yellow teeth. Oh God, will mine look like that, too? Thor? Really?

Yeah, Thor.

He walks a bit and I follow. A few trees later I punch him, in the shoulder.

He rolls his eyes. What was that for?

Im Thor, thats my hammer of justice.

I dont think thats what its called.

Yeah, whats it called then?

I dont know, but its not hammer of justice, I know that.

How does a zombie know that?

He turns, frowning. I wasnt always a zombie Rex. I mean, Thor. In a lot of ways, before all this, I was just like you.

I nod and start to walk, but he stops me with a hand on my shoulder. Just remember, later, if you can, who you were. Just remember who you were.

I nod, but I already know I wont do that. That I dont want to do that. Im too busy walking forward now, even if that means shuffling, to look back on who I was



* * * * *


Story # 12:
Zombie Thanksgiving




The hell?!? 

I dont quite scream, but I might as well. The room is tiny and Im wet and it echoes, even if only through my own ears. Im changing here, do you mind?

I turn my back immediately, but that only makes things worse because Im clutching my towel at the front, and the back is open and when I turn around he should be blushing.

Hes not. And then I see the familiar, yellow and blue triangular Zombie Job Squad patch sewn over the brown pocket of his tan work shirt. 

Oh, I say, because that explains a lot. The vacant stare, the cocked head, the fact that hes actually looking into my eyes even when Im half-naked beneath this sorry excuse for a bath towel and dripping wet from a midday shower. 

Oh, he says, in that hoarse way they do. And then, a few delayed seconds later, Sorry.

He turns to the door and looks at the knob. I know he knows what its for, its just maybe that he doesnt know what he should do with it thats the problem. I shake my head and slip my panties on under my towel, like the way surfers get into their baggies at the beach, then shimmy into my jeans.

By the time he turns around, scratching his head, Im just wriggling into my Paranoia Prep School pullover. The school is really named Parnassus Preparatory Academy for Troubled Adolescents, but kids started calling it Paranoia Prep during the very first outbreak in 2015, and I guess it stuck. (Hey, what do you expect from a bunch of troubled adolescents, anyway?)

Oh, he says, upon seeing Im dressed. Should I still leave?

Yes. Absolutely. What are you doing here in the first place?

I slide into some handy flats because I hate anyone seeing my bare feet, and crinkle-dry my hair because obviously Joe Zombie isnt going anywhere fast and using the blow dryer, probably, would confuse him. Or maybe even startle him, and even though hes a zombie hes kinda cute and, even if he wasnt, Im major lonely. 

We we didnt think anyone would still be here.

He is tall, and angular, all bones and skin under his baggy tan uniform. The hat on his head is brown; so is his hair. His eyes are gray, but not entirely scary-gross the way some of them get after awhile.

Well, I am.

He nods. I see that now.

So leave. Im playing hard to get. Hes a guy. He should still pick up on that, right?

He blinks, twice. You dont have to be rude about it.

He says it so gently, so genuinely, I immediately agree. Youre right, I dont, but you just saw me naked, so, Im a little emotional at the moment.

He corrects me. Only half-naked.

Oh God, its worse than I thought. You saw that?

Just a little. He looks away, but probably not because hes embarrassed. Its just theres a lot going on on Carmens side of the room, what with the movie posters and aromatherapy candles and bonsai trees and Christmas lights and moody red kerchiefs on every available lampshade.

I thought you guys were supposed to be slow.

He smirks. No, like really smirks. I didnt even know they could do that. Smirk, I mean. Not that slow.

There is a desk-slash-table thingy in our dorm room, between our single beds built into the cinderblock walls. I sit down at it, half from the shock of him  a zombie, I know, but still, a guy  seeing my bare behind and, two, to cover said behind just in case hes formed a fixation on it.

He watches me with curious eyes while a crooked smile creaks across his face. So youre staying?

I look around the place for emphasis, the unmade bed, the half-open bag of chips on the desk, the humming laptop with the second season of Horror High all queued up and ready to go on HitFlix and say, Yeah, pretty much.

He scratches his head again, pushing his cap even further up his gray, unlined forehead. Well, were supposed to clean the floors.

I kick a Cheese Poof under Carlas bed, ignore the pile of laundry Ive been meaning to do all week and say, Its super clean, what are you talking about?

He opens the door and there is a big red machine just outside, like a lawnmower only instead of a square thing with blades in front there is a circular thing with a powder puff on the bottom. I mean, professionally clean them. While the students are away.

But Im here.

Right, I get that, but youre supposed to be away. Its Thanksgiving, you know.

Yeah, like I need to be reminded Im a loser, by one of the living dead no less. I wag a righteous finger righteously. Look, zombie, Im here and Im not

Reggie.

What?

My names not zombie. Its Reggie.

So, this ones got an attitude, huh? Thatd be a first. Most of the Zombie Job Squad just roam around the halls in the morning, picking their cold, gray noses with one hand while pushing their maintenance carts with the other. Which I think says more about their boredom level than their IQ level. 

Is that insubordination I hear in your voice Reggie?

He frowns. Does that word mean what I think it probably means?

Yeah, probably.

No, it isnt. Youre not hearing anything in my voice other than my name.

I flare my nostrils in response, because what do you say to that? Its zombie logic, but its still logic. 

I sigh. Dude seems legit. I mean, he is with the Zombie Job Squad, and that is a giant floor cleaner powder puff thingy sitting there, and the floor is pretty grody. I could go to the library, I guess, if its even open during Thanksgiving break. I could grab a soda and go watch my Horror High marathon in the quad, but that would be so pathetic. Id feel like the last girl on earth. I could

You could help, he offers, eyes a little wider, voice a little less hoarse.

What, like do work? Physical work.

His eyes go back down an inch. Yeah, like work.

I shake my head automatically, but that actually doesnt sound that bad. I mean, Ive been meaning to get some exercise all week, but the weathers been so crappy, to say nothing of my mood, and Ive skipped it. Altogether.

It wouldnt take long, he says, with the two of us.

What about your zombie friends? Arent they supposed to help?

He shrugs. You know how many rooms there are in this building?

I roll my eyes, a personal specialty. Arent there, like 200 of you zombie job corps guys?

He rolls his eyes back at me, but it takes awhile. There are nine of us. There used to be ten, but Simpson had an incident last month and they havent replaced him yet.

Yeah, they do that; have incidents, from time to time. Thats why ever since they ratified the Zombie Right to Work Amendment in 2018, they also installed a glass cased axe box next to every fire extinguisher, trash can and water fountain in the school. 

We havent had to use them yet, but you never know. 

Do I get paid or anything?

He bites his gray bottom lip with big, yellow teeth. No.

I dont say anything to that. Then he gets a kind of light bulb moment and says, But were having a party later, for Thanksgiving, you could come to that.

And that represents payment how?

He looks personally hurt. Well, therell be food.

Zombie food?

Not just zombie food. Our supervisor will be there, and the secretary lady. They eat human food.

Is that because theyre still human? I ask hopefully. 

He nods, but looks like he resents having to answer.

I shrug, and finally stand. All right, lets do this thing.

Really? He sounds like I used to when, after six straight hours of begging, Mom would break down and actually let me open one present on Christmas Eve.

Yeah, really. Is this good, what Im wearing I mean?

He looks at me for a long time. Yeah, thatll be fine.

He doesnt say anything after that, just reaches for Carmens chair and carries it into the hall. I grab mine and drag it into the hall. He makes a sour face at the dragging sound, then points at the scuff marks on the floor.

Nice, is all he says, and I dont drag anything for the rest of the day. Like I said, its hard to argue with zombie logic. 

We pile the stuff from the top of the desk-slash-table onto my bed, and carry that out into the hall. Its easier than it sounds, because really its just two small desks pressed together, back to back. He takes the heavy end, with the drawers, and even walks backward so I dont have to. I like that in a guy, even one who eats brain nuggets for a midnight snack. 

Hes pretty diligent, too. Like Carmen and I both have these closets, with little green and pink curtains in front, and when he starts moving my shoes and stuff off the floor I say, Its okay, you can just clean around that.

He shakes his head and says, I have to clean the whole floor.

Thats the thing about zombies, some of them can get pretty literal. 

So we have to move the shoes, and the six pack of beer I was saving to drown my sorrows later that night, which he wrinkles his nose at. I should confiscate this, he says. 

But? I prod. I hear a but in there somewhere.

Hes holding the beers, looking at them fondly. A lot more fondly than he did my half-backside earlier, Ill give you that much. But I wont if youll let me have one with you later.

I cock one eyebrow at that. I didnt know you could drink beer.

I cant drink a whole one. It would make me sick, but Id like to taste one, just for old times sake.

I slug his arm. Hes rolled up his sleeve somewhere along the line, and his biceps are all stringy and veiny, but solid and fat-free, like the dudes on the wrestling team. 

What, you were a big beer drinker in your Before Life?

Im joking, but he puts the beer on the top shelf with care, almost reverently. I was a lot of things in my Before Life, he says without looking at me. 

Suddenly, Im interested. Yeah, like what?

He starts to say something, closes his mouth tight, then says something else. I was like like you.

I snort. A girl? 

He blinks twice. No normal.

Wow, smooth talker. No guys called me normal in, like, forever.

I put my back into it after that, kind of eager to get on with it so maybe we can find a quiet moment at the zombie Thanksgiving shindig to maybe talk about how normal he was before the lights turned out and came back on. One beer for him still means five left for me, and after that he should be looking pretty normal, indeed. 

The floor buffer thingy machine is loud and I stand out in the hallway while he runs it over the now bare floor. The room looks so big without any furniture in it, and his arms look strong as they wrangle the machine around the floor.

He goes in circles, from left to right, very methodically, very slowly. I get bored watching him, even with the trembling biceps and broad shoulders and his hat pushed back. The hallway is empty, which is weird. Didnt Reggie say the whole Zombie Job Corps was on floor detail?

The humming stops and I watch him circle the cord around his arm before hanging it off the side of the machine. My stepfather used to do that, too. 

He tips the floor lawnmower back and there are little wheels on the bottom so he can roll it out into the hall smoothly. He puts it to one side of the door, then helps me move everything back in. 

It feels wrong to leave the Cheesy Puffs and laptop on my unmade bed, and without saying anything we both kind of set about straightening the room, from top to bottom and back down again.

Hes pretty good, too. Not rough or careless. He puts the books back on the shelf according to size, and squares away the laptop next to the note pad next to the pencil holder, like hes staging a display in a furniture store showroom or something. 

The room is quiet when were done. I think its the longest Ive ever gone without music in my life. 

He turns to me, rolling down his sleeves. You ready?

Thats it? No more rooms. I was just getting into the swing of things.

I only half-mean it. Okay, maybe more than half. 

He looks away again. I guess thats his version of blushing. When he turns back, he admits, I kind of saved your room for last.

Yeah, why?

He shrugs. It gets lonely in the Corps. Zombies arent exactly, stimulating people you know?

Oh, and I am?

Another shrug. Ill take that as a blush. Or a confession. It gets a little awkward after that, the way it will when a guy says youre stimulating and neither of you can tell if its a compliment or not.

So, I say, just to kill the awkward silence, when is this big Thanksgiving shindig going down?

What time is it now?

I yank the phone out of my back pocket, realizing I havent used it in forever and check. 4:29.

Oh, its been going on for awhile now.

We walk down the hall side by side. He doesnt move as slow as when he first came in, and I wonder if its because hes limber from working or were just late.

He opens the door at the end of the hall for me, the one that leads out onto the quad. Its empty, like its been since Monday when everyone started heading home early. Classes were canceled by Tuesday and Ive been here, alone I guess except for the Zombie Job Corps, ever since.

The air is brisk and the sky is gray and, I dunno, it just looks like Thanksgiving. Quiet, empty, a little sad, like the big table in the dining room after all the plates have been put away and everyones gone home.

He fiddles with his hat as we approach the Zombie Job Corps headquarters, which is really just a double-wide trailer out behind the cafeteria. The windows are dark, though, and when he tries the knob it wont open. 

I dont hear any music, or any of that thumping sound that always comes when more than one person walks across a trailer floor. When did the party start, yesterday? I ask knowingly as he stands, one leg on the ground, the other on the top step of the trailer.

He kind of nods. I guess I guess I forgot they gave the Job Corps today off.

Now its my turn to blush. I cant remember the last time a guy ran the whole hey, lets go to a party, oh, dang, there really wasnt a party after all, but wanna hang out anyway gag.

So, what now? I sigh, like this majorly sucks or something. 

He fumbles with the front of his pants and Im thinking Whoa, Nelly, not so fast there, Reggie but he comes up with keys. This one opens the cafeteria.

Jackpot!

Its silent and dark and everything echoes. He finds the light switch in the kitchen and I open the walk-in cooler. For whatever reason I crave milk most of all, and I grab a gallon. And cheese, a wedge of cheese. And bread, a loaf of bread. I see a box marked Brains on the way out and slide it on top, even though just grabbing it gives me the creepies. 

He smiles to see it, and moves a little faster to grab it from the stack. Do you mind if if I eat this over there?

He points to the dishwashing area, which is kind of in the corner. Okay, its a little rude, but whatevs.

Then I see why. Or rather, hear why. Dude tears open the box, barely rips open some plastic and dives right in. It sounds like a stampede, a stampede of teeth. And gnashing and tearing, like what I imagine the cavemen sounded like at dinner time, eight or ten of them tearing into a nice, roast saber tooth tiger without the aid of knives or forks or a Miss Manners guide written on stone tablets. Then comes the grunting, so loud and fierce, I cant imagine he knows hes doing it, otherwise hed stop.

I busy myself making a grilled cheese sandwich in a giant, industrial size frying pan that looks more like a platter for an XXL cheese pizza when the grunting suddenly stops.

Shhh! he demands, as if Im the one whos been making wonka-wonka internet porn sounds since we walked in. Do you hear that?

Now thats hilarious. You mean, do I hear you?

No, not me, something something else.

His face is so serious, it makes me stop what Im doing and look out the small window next to the sink. Oh, its just your friends, I snort, turning back to my grilled cheese.

My friends are gone, he insists, creeping up behind me. I can smell the fresh brains on his breath, in his teeth, and I almost gag. It smells like dark meat and rust and copper.

Those those arent my friends. I look up, at him first, to see his jaws clenched, teeth gritted. Then out the window, where three zombies walk, side by side, toward the cafeteria. 

Theyre not in uniform. Theyre in civilian clothes, bloody civilian clothes. And they shuffle, like the old zombies, before they found the Cure. The Cure that makes them semi-human, like Reggie, and not cannibalistic inhuman, like like these three.

My heart is hammering, like it did the first time I faced zombies, and the second and the third. No matter how many times you do it, you never get used to it. 

What now? I ask, just because listening to them stalk among the grass outside the cafeteria is freaking me out.

He looks at me, then out the window. Theyre getting closer, with every shuffle. Here, he says, taking off his shirt. Put this on.

I dont argue, because hes a zombie and Im not. I start to put it on over my hoodie and he says, No, trade.

Oh, I see now. I take off my prep school hoodie and hand it over. We both have tank tops underneath. I slip into his shirt while wriggling out of my jeans. He has on those kind of longish boxer briefs, the kind that hit guys mid-thigh. He looks like hes on the swim team, lean and bony and all sinews and hard angles.

I slip into his dark brown uniform pants, and while theyre loose in the thighs theyre long at the ankles. I roll them up once, then twice, as we switch shoes. His ankles stick out of the back of my flats, but they kind of look like flip flops once his long, gray feet are inside. The jeans are a little short, but he yanks them down at the waist so they dont look entirely like floods.

The door is rattling, pounding, but its not locked; theyre just kinda stupid. Hat, he says, handing his over. I scoop up my hair into the back and slide it on. 

He sniffs the air, inches closer and sniffs me. You smell too human, he says. The pounding increases at the door. I look at the sandwich, still grilling in the giant pan. I can hear it sizzling and turn the heat way up. 

Give it a sec, I say.

He says, We dont have one.

And thats when the door bursts open. They are big and angry, they havent lost their muscle mass yet. They look fresh and my first thought is, Oh great, another infestation. Happy Zombie Thanksgiving!

But I cant worry about where my roommate Carmen is right now, or my Mom or any of my classmates at Paranoia Prep. This is real and this is now and Im alone, pretty much. 

Reggie stands by the door, looking at the zombies. I stand near the frying pan, hoping the smell of burnt cheese is enough to mask my human odors. 

The tallest zombie is in front, hes wide like a trucker and dressed like a lumberjack. There is something hanging from his teeth, like a flap of skin. He grabs Reggie by the shoulders and sniffs him, grunting all the while. Reggie pushes him back and says one word: Same.

The zombie cocks his head, sniffs some more. Reggie is thin and wiry, but strong. The big zombie still pushes him aside, and the others stumble past. Reggie stands from the floor, looking at me as the big one heads over.

He sniffs me, grabs me, his fingers cold on my shoulders. Same, I say, in a low voice, but he shakes his head. 

I quiver and know this wont work. It was stupid, stupid to think it would. The other zombies are behind him, like a kind of formation, never coming much closer. I see the flap of skin hanging from his teeth and wince.

His eyes are black, pure black, like they are in this phase. He looks fresh, he smells rotting, and immediately I know these arent the only three zombies Ill face this Thanksgiving weekend.

But I wont face any if I dont make it through this. The three ignore Reggie, even as he creeps up behind them. The big one eyeballs me, shoving me, sniffing me, but now the sandwich is burning and I can barely smell them. 

A smaller one, a woman, wiry but gaunt, gray and bloody, sniffs behind her, finds the big box of brains from the cooler. She opens it, eats one while a few spare brains drop to the floor with a squishy flop, flop sound before bouncing to a stop.

The second one turns, grabs a brain off the floor, eats it. The big one sniffs, turns, grabs two, eats one, hands me the other.

Eat, he says, mouth dark like a cave, breath stank enough to blow me over even with the burning cheese in the sizzling pan. 

I flick my eyes to Reggie, who nods. I take the brain. Oh God, its jiggly, both fleshy and firm and soft and squishy at the same time. And cold, so cold. I hold it up to my mouth and smell that dark meat and rusty copper scent again, the one on Reggies breath after he grunted through one or two of them.

I press it to my mouth, my trembling mouth. I gag. The big guy sees me and starts to reach out a hand, either to snatch the brain away or yank my neck off, I dont know which. 

I take a sudden bite, just to shut him up. I tear it off, its hard, to get a chunk off. Blood comes out, cold across my lips, and finally the piece tears away. Its thick and coppery inside my mouth, slimy like leather and chewy like gristle and I cant help myself, every Cheesy Poof and Mallow Mar and Cocoa Pie and Choco Taco Ive eaten since school let out for the holiday goes gushing forth, onto Big Guys face and down his lumberjack shirt.

I turn, reaching for the stove, knowing my goose is cooked, and grabbing the sizzling skillet by the handle. I launch it at the big guys face, splashing him with hot grease as the sizzling cheese goes flying and fuses with his left cheek like some special effect in a cheesy B-horror movie.

He howls and reaches for it and I slam him again with the pot, chopping off two fingers that go flying, black goo gushing in place of blood. He knocks the pan out of my hand and reaches for me, giant hands with cracked nails and blood all over his palms, but slips on my gelatinous projectile puke. He goes down, hard, hitting his head on the red hot burner and sloshing around helplessly in my vomit puddle.

I turn to find Reggie tearing limbs from the other two. I mean it, limbs. An arm goes flying, tendons waving like tentacles at the end, still squirming, just past my head.

Come on, I beg him, running for the door. Weve got to get back to the dorms. There are weapons there, things we can fight back with.

I open the door and hear more grunting, groaning, and not just from behind us. There are scattered zombies here and there, shuffling around, chewing on limbs, blood oozing from their mouths, and not their own blood, either. 

Reggie joins me, grabs my hand. 

I know a place, he says, turning from the crowd, running back behind the school. Its narrower back here, big air conditioning units and Dempsey dumpsters and giant trash compactors lining a gross but, for the moment, safe alley Ive never seen before.

They built a bunker, after the third outbreak, he tells me, dragging me along. For the faculty and staff. We had to stock it with potted meat and bottled water, then just last week we had to deliver an order of sterile pillowcases, so

He turns, fast, and by the time I catch up to him hes shoved his fist through a skinny zombies chest. It comes out the other end, covered in black goo, and he yanks it out and just. Keeps. Running.

We turn a corner and theres a door, gun metal gray, marked No Admittance. If you didnt know any better, youd think it was just another utility shed or janitors closet. He fumbles with his keys, smashes the glass axe box by the sign with his elbow. 

Here, he says. You know what to do.

I hold it, tight, like my stepdad trained me to do three years ago during the first outbreak. He hadnt made it through that one, but I had. Thanks to him, mostly.

And here I am, an axe in my hand again. And I thought, I thought we were done with all this. The government said, with the Cure, there was no chance of another outbreak. So much for trusting the guy in the New White House. 

A zombie is shuffling forward, a kid, my age, his eyes black, his mouth open, his nose gone. He looks like hes fallen into a garbage disposal and come back again, without all of his original parts.

I hear my own whimpering over the sound of his one sneaker shuffling through the gravel. Hurry, I whimper to Reggie, who is fumbling with the keys. Stop, I whimper to the missing shoe zombie, who doesnt, of course.

He keeps shuffling forward, mouth open, gaping, arms outstretched, covered in gore, nails broken, fingers broken. He looks at me, then through me, and I close my eyes and start swinging. Swinging, swinging, the axe handle feeling familiar in my hands, even the blood on my fingers feels familiar. When I open them again, the zombies in pieces on the gravel in front of me, black gooey blood draining into the cracks.

I feel a hand on my shoulder, whir, and Reggie knocks the axe out of my hand. Well need it, I say in a strange voice, half breathless, half demanding. When they get inside.

He shoves me in, shuts the door, twists about a dozen locks, bolts and finally a wheel that slams them all into place. They wont get in here. Trust me.

I do. Amazingly, I do. 

There are cots, bolted into the side walls, six to a wall. There is a table, and chairs, in the middle of the room, the fold up kind Mom would always use, under a nice tablecloth, of course, on Thanksgiving. There are stacks of boxes marked potted meat and soup and crackers and bottled water. 

I whir and see more potted meat, stacked to the ceiling. And crackers, right next to them. But what will you eat?

He shakes his head, avoiding my eyes. It wasnt designed for zombies, just against zombies.

Yeah, but what will you eat?

He looks back at me, eyes open and gray and hopeful. Dont worry, well be rescued before before I get hungry.

I nod my head, not entirely sure. It took two weeks for the government to come find us during the last outbreak, and that was after having learned a ton of lessons in the first few. I heard zombies can go about a week, not much more, before the Cure starts to wear off and they must feed before turning back into one of them, one of the Shufflers.

He looks at me, a faraway expression on his face. Im wondering if hes wondering if I know that. I choose to forget it. I look down at my hands and see blood, lots of it. 

He brings me a bottle of water, shows me a drain in the middle of the floor. He pours the water on my hands; theyre still trembling. He dries them off with a paper towel from a stack by the mirror over the sink in the corner. 

Sits me down on a bed, sits next to me, stills my hands with his own. Theyre cold, but not as cold as the big guys in the cafeteria.

Hey, I blurt, apropos of nothing. We never had that beer.

He smirks, pulls a six pack from under the bed. The principal insisted on it, he explains with a slow, measured wink that takes forever. Theres cases of the stuff in here.

I look and there are only four cans left in the little plastic holder. My supervisor would sneak in here for a quick sip now and again, he confesses, as if its his fault

I nod and he hands me one. I open it, my hands feeling a little better.

He opens his, practically yanking off the little tab in his long, gray fingers. I clink the top of his can with mine, looking into his eyes. Happy Thanksgiving, Reggie.

Happy Thanksgiving His voice trails off. I realize, suddenly, I never told him my name. Then he says, all by himself,  Cassie.

But how how did you know?

He smirks, taking a sip of his beer. He smiles, then takes one more, sets it down on the ground. Hes had enough. I guess now is as good a time as any to tell you Ive kind of been stalking you

I spurt out some beer foam onto the floor, then wipe my lips with the back of my hand. Now you tell me, I huff, but its kind of hard to be mad at the creep who just saved your life. 


* * * * *


Story # 13:
Zombies Dont Eat Popcorn




Next in line?

Her voice is coarse but confident, and of course Im next in line.

Theres a woman behind me, older, I figure she wont mind as much who  or in this case, what  waits on her so I nudge her politely and say, You can go ahead. Its okay.

She takes one look at the beckoning cashier and barks, Yeah, right.

The girl behind the candy counter doesnt miss a beat. Locking eyes with me  I can feel the chill even from ten paces  she says, pointedly, Next? In? Line?

Her eyes, so dark and severe, say, Thats you, buddy. Yeah, I see you looking at me looking at you. Now move it!

I gulp. 

Her hair is limp and used to be blonde. Her skin is freshly poured concrete gray under the concession stand fluorescent lights. Im Im still deciding, I say, not budging an inch. 

Thats okay, she chirps aggressively, waving a gloved hand  also aggressively. Ill help you.

Good God, is there no way out of this? 

Is she is she enjoying this?!?

So help me, I think she is. 

I feel the sweat clump under my armpits and shuffle forward, hearing a collective sigh of relief from the chicken-hearted patrons behind me.

Hi there, she says, teeth as yellow as the popcorn shes shilling. Welcome to Flickers Cinemas.

The name tag over her pocket says, Crystal.

I gulp. Hi, thanks, actually is there anyone else who can take my order? I mean, no offense but

She grits her yellow teeth and tries to remain pleasant as she reels off some type of spiel that has obviously been rehearsed. According to the Reanimated in the Workplace Act of 2017, I have every right to serve you, its perfectly safe, Ive been classified Code-N for nonviolent and, technically speaking, you cant actually refuse service

Her eyes go blank as she recites the press release by rote. I hold up my hands, anything to get her to stop. That croaky zombie voice of hers is creeping me out, plus shes making even more of a scene. Okay, okay, its just youre my first zombie cashier.

Oh, she snarks, nodding her head vigorously, religious school cheerleader style, then youre in for a treat.

I cock my head. Are zombies supposed to be so sarcastic? Oh, okay, well Ill take a small popcorn, cherry vines and a small Slurp-ade.

Butter on the popcorn? She turns, limping noticeably with her left leg, and I wince. Now I feel kind of bad. 

No, thanks. She fills a red and white bag with popcorn, taking special care to mash it down and keep piling it on. I kind of like that. The usual cashier chick just tosses it in and hands it over, and by the time I sit down, settle in and take a bite, its already halfway empty.

She tosses ice in a matching red and white cup, but only halfway, and keeps jabbing the soda button until the fuzz on top is gone and the cup is actually full of soda. Like, really full. 

I nod as she hands it over. Thanks, I say.

She winks, slowly, and not very well. I told you you were in for a treat.

She slides over the long, thin plastic bag of cherry licorice and rings it all up. 12 credits even.

I reach in my back pocket, my own nametag stiff against my chin as I root around in the bottom of my black work pants.

Take your time, Jerry, she says, obviously reading the tag above my own pocket. Nobody else is waiting.

I look up and see another five or six people in line next to me, but no one behind me. Theyre all waiting, like I was, for the perky Black girl with the dorky glasses and pink bowtie. 

I find my wallet, but pull it out slowly. She waits, patiently. I give her my government debit card and while the computer waits to approve it she says, You work at the shoe store in the mall?

I look down at my own black and white striped fake referee shirt. Howd you guess?

She snorts, taking me back a smidge. It sounds so human. So casual. She probably, she probably sounded just like that in her before life. Just lucky, I guess.

The debit card goes through and I take it back. She still has gloves on her hands, but theyre that plastic, fast food, see through kind and I spot the telltale gray of her long, undead fingers just underneath.

Theyre cool to the touch, even under the layer of plastic. What are you seeing?

Im reaching over, grabbing my food, when I stop. I think I think shes the first cashier, ever, to ask me that. Ive been coming here since freshmen year, when my family and I moved to Nightshade. 

Oh, uhhm, well

She stands there, arms crossed over her chest, waiting patiently.

Well, Im kind of embarrassed to say.

She smirks. Let me guess: Ghoul School 3?

I nod, blushing. Guilty as charged.

She nods. Why guilty? Ghoul School 2 was classic.

You think so, really?

Sure, why not?

I look around and theres still nobody in her line, but now people are kind of looking at me funny, the guy who didnt want the zombie to wait on him suddenly chatting her up nonstop.

I just mean, theyre kind of rough on the zombie characters, you know?

She shrugs. Well, I guess I saw the sequel before I became one, so I didnt mind as much back then.

I stare at her. So, it happened, what during the second major outbreak?

She nods, like its no big deal.

Im sorry.

Her expression, her voice, is matter of fact. Why, you didnt bite me. There is a slight, dry, nervous chuckle there at the end. 

I look left and right and lower my voice before asking, Who did?

Really? I cant tell if her expression is annoyed or curious or both or none of the above. Their faces are kinda blank.

I check my watch. The movie doesnt start for ten minutes and I know there will be twenty minutes of previews after that. I nod.

My brother did. We were in the backyard, actually, filling in the swimming pool so zombies couldnt hide there. Hed seen it on the news, I think, or one of the neighbors had told him about. So we dragged these bags of cement out back. But one of them beat us out there, she was hiding in the deep end. She bit my brother when I wasnt looking and by the time I turned around with another bag of concrete, it was all over.

I gulp. This is better than the movies. Did he survive?

She looks to the left, not away, but not back at me, either. No, the Sentinels got him after the outbreak was over.

I nod, thinking of my own brother. We were in the attic when it happened, the second, the biggest outbreak, the one that robbed Nightshade of half its citizens. It was the first day of July, and the attic was hot and musty. 

Our mother knocked on the door. It sounded funny. Too loud, or slow, or heavy, I couldnt put my finger on it. At least, not at first. By the time I did, Randy had already opened it and she was feasting on his ear.

I managed to lock them both out, bolt the door, and lived off a bag of old candy someone had stashed in the Halloween decorations the year before. Dad, probably, figuring hed sneak up to the attic one day and gorge in his own private candy corn heaven, without Mom ever finding out hed cheated on his lifelong diet.

I guess he never got around to it. Now, he never will.

There is an awkward silence. I look behind me. The crowd is getting bigger now, but no one has chosen to join Crystals line. I feel bad, for dissing her the first time.

So, Ghoul School 3, huh?

I nod, half-proud, half-embarrassed. You seen it yet?

She nods, smiling, proudly. Be sure to stay through the credits, you know?

I nod. Oh yeah, always. Thats the best part.

I hear theyre making the last one, Ghoul School 4: Senior Year, into a two-parter.

Really? I frown. I hate when they do that.

She shrugs. I guess so, but at least our theater will make twice as much money that way.

I look around at the evening crowd, a full lobby, lots of happy people heading into theaters munching corn. I dont know, it looks pretty busy to me.

Finally, a customer appears behind me. Hes a Sentinel, off duty, but they always wear their black berets and stun guns, just in case. Hes clearly not afraid of a zombie cashier.

I say, Well, I better go.

Sure. Hey, I go on break soon. Maybe Ill sneak in and see how you like the movie.

Cool! I say, a little too loudly.

The Sentinel looks at me funny as I walk away, his hard, cop eyes suspicious. I ignore him, and wander into my theater.

Its mostly empty, a few couples canoodling in the back but I sit in the middle, no problem. I get comfortable and spread my food around, just in case someone wants to sit right next to me. I dont know why I bother; no one ever does.

I put my feet up and smile when the previews start. Then I frown a little. I dont know why I always get so excited about the previews, when theyre always so full of suckage.

First theres the new preview for Vampire Sorority House 4: Blood Rush, which has a cool title but looks so lame and, besides, everybody knows vamps arent real. Then theres something called Bike Week, which is sad and sappy and shouldnt even be on before a zombie movie, and finally theres the preview for the long-awaited by no one, ever, werewolf flick, Fur: Story of a Lycan. Snooze.
 
Finally, the lights go down and the logo for Ghoul School fills the screen; a creepy haunted mansion in front of a blood red moon. Im so engrossed in the opening credits I dont notice the theater door open, shuffling footsteps and then, suddenly, a stranger sitting one seat over.

I frown. I hate it when they but its no stranger. Its Crystal.

She looks better in the movie lights; softer, less, well less dead.

Whats up, stranger? she whispers, leaning over.

I hear grumbling from a few rows back, but ignore it.

How do you like the movie so far?

I snort. It just started.

Suddenly, footsteps tumbling down the stairs along the side of our row.

The others storm out, grumbling not so subtly, We could smell her from the back row 

And, The government says they can work for us, they didnt say anything about sitting with us.

I feel bad, watch her flinch with each insult until theyre gone. Its not true, I say as she turns back to me. You dont smell.

She snorts that zombie snort. None of us do after the first week or two, thats an urban legend.

She looks around the theater, empty now except for the two of us. The screen flickers, but suddenly Im more interested in the real monster one seat over than the fake ones up on the screen.

She settles in, putting her leg up on the chair in front of her. Now its my turn to snort. What? she asks.

I thought ushers told people to keep their feet of the chairs, not on them.

Yeah, well, Im not an usher.

Sorry, cashier.

She shakes her head, blond hair rasping against the seat back. Im not one of those, either.

I let it slide; chick is clearly in denial over her career choice. As a guy who shells sneakers after school three days a week and every weekend, I can relate. Popcorn?

We cant eat popcorn, she says, reaching for my soda. But this? I can drink this all day!

And she does, repeatedly, slurping it up, down and sideways. She holds it out to me, the cup half empty, and I decline. While Im wagging a finger she snags my cherry vines. And these, she says, biting the plastic open with her teeth and chewing the red licorice strips all at once like a candy bar instead of taking them out, vine by vine, the way I do. The way I was going to, anyway. 

Theyre hers now, lets just put it that way.

Help yourself, I snap, a little perturbed because, interrupt my movie, fine, but dont mess with my movie snacks. Ever.

I kind of watch her for a minute, smiling. Arent you afraid your manager will catch you?

What manager?

You know, your manager manager.

She turns to look at me, garish red cherry vine flakes stuck between her yellow popcorn teeth. Her voice is coarser, now; hoarser, too. I dont have a manager, she fairly growls. I dont even work here.

The first flash of fear pricks my heart. My beating, living heart. But, your nametag. The plastic gloves. You you served me my popcorn. I paid twelve bucks for it! I stop, my hand holding several kernels, and drop them back into the bag.

She shrugs. A hobby of mine. Last week I worked at the ice cream shop, the week before that, the bath and body shop. This whole Reanimated in the Workplace Act bit is classic. They cant not hire me, even if they dont really need me.

B-b-but your coworker, the cute chick with the pink bowtie, why didnt she say anything?

I told her I was standing in for the usual chick.

Im almost afraid to ask. Well, wheres the usual chick?

She turns, taking her feet off the desk and putting her hands on the armrest of the chair between us. Oh, her? Shes in the break room, with the manager. They should come to in an hour or so, and then look out Flickers Cinemas.

I nod, nervously, wondering if shes joking. But the look in her eyes, her dead, black eyes, tells me she isnt. What are you saying?

She shrugs, unclipping her nametag and tossing it in my popcorn bag. It lands with a rustle, knocking several kernels onto my shoe. You know how they say deaths always come in threes? Well, tonights your lucky night because youre number three.

I should stand, run, fight, do something, but Im tired. Ive survived three outbreaks in two years, outlived the rest of my family, half my junior class at Nightshade High and have used chainsaws, hatchets, hammers and, once, a clothesline to do it. 

Im wiped, you know?

So, what now?

Now? Now you try to get out of this theater alive.

I reach for my stun gun, the one the army issued us all last month after the New Congress passed the Armed Citizens Response Act. 

She sees me, but doesnt move. Looking for something?

Its not there, and then I remember; were not allowed to wear it on the shoe store floor, so Ive left it in my employee locker. 

Again. 

Why are you doing this?

She rolls her black eyes. Im a zombie, Reggie. This is what we do.

I slump in my seat. Shed been so nice, so warm and funny, so knowledgeable about movies. I wanted to like her, I did like her. She liked Ghoul School 2, for Petes sake. Do you know how rare it is to find somebody who actually liked Ghoul School 2? And is willing to admit it?

And now, shell be the death of me.

Whatever, I say, just grunting it out. Just, get it over with. I cant do this anymore, fighting off the lot of you every five to six months, always waiting for the next outbreak. Just do it, and then I can know what its like for others to be scared of me.

She rocks back, like Ive stunned her without even using my gun. What do you mean?

I mean bite me, have at it, I wont stop you. I cant stop you, probably. Im not even sure I want to anymore.

I sit back, preparing myself, numb to the possibility, surprised but not entirely scared, only wishing Id been able to have one last cherry vine before she ended it all.

She stands, and turns, stepping into the aisle. Youre no fun, she grumbles, stopping one row beneath me. Youre supposed to fight, not just give up.

I shrug, getting a little pissed. And youre supposed to behave. Thats why they passed that stupid act to let you work for us in the first place.

The black gleam comes back into her eyes and she comes back up the step, pauses, and then turns around. Ill never work for you, she says over her shoulder. And you can have your life, and your fear. Id rather have you be afraid for the rest of your life than share my world with you, anyway.

She limps down the steps, leaning against the railing for support. At the bottom, she looks back at me, face paler than ever in the flickering movie light. She shakes her head, and storms out, slamming the door behind her.

I try to stand up, but am shaking too hard. I sit back down, take a few breaths, give her a few minutes to find some other poor sap watching a movie alone, and then get back up. This time, I stay up.

I take the steps two at a time, barreling down the aisle, clearing my throat so I can yell Zombie! at the top of my lungs the minute Im out of the theater. I reach the bottom of the steps, turn to sprint down the exit ramp and there she is, leaning just inside the door.

Psych, she growls, limping toward me, arms out, nails green, mouth open, teeth yellow.

I turn, stumble, and fall to one knee, just like some random skeezer chick in some awful B-movie would. By the time Im back up, her teeth are in my shoulder, brutal and hard, sharper than Id thought.

I feel my own blood stain the white stripes of my fake referee shirt, and wonder if this was how it was for my Dad, my two brothers, my mother, my sister. If they stood there, trembling, frozen, while the zombie did her thing.

Or his.

And then the thoughts go blank, and the screen dark as I sag to the floor, the sound going out, but only in my ears. My eyes blink as she stands above me, wiping her mouth clean of my rich, red blood.

Shes the last thing I see and, I fear, the first thing Ill see when I wake back up. 

If I wake back up


* * * * *


Story # 14:
Zombies Hate Zombie Movies



CUT!

I stand, arms outstretched, above the open grave. Its not really a grave, FYI. Its a mound of endless black cookie crumbs  they work better than dirt, or so the stage hands tell me  stacked two feet high above a platform of chicken wire and cardboard.

Were on a soundstage, a small one, but big enough to house a makeshift cemetery full of toppling headstones and partying teenagers, which is where I come in. 

The Director approaches, a young guy, fairly built, sporting a hipster goatee and an ironic T-shirt that shows a glowing green zombie shuffling after a victim in running shorts and a headband. Above it a caption says, Zombies hate fast food! (Cute; real cute.)

His ball cap is backward, of course, on a head of long greasy hair (of course). Everyone on the set, all the humans that is, have greasy hair. I never knew this about movie people. Did you? He has a sharp nose and sharper eyes and right now his nostrils are flaring, pink on each side.

Zed, I told you, stop looking in the camera. His voice is nasally, and whiny, but also pointedly pissed off. His breath is warm on my face, and not entirely pleasant. It smells like coffee and more coffee. 

But its right there, I say, literally almost touching it with my finger its so close. Where else should I look?

Darren  thats the Directors name, Darren Dark, and no Im not making that up, though he probably is  puts his long, skinny finger to his long, pointed chin and nods. Well, I dunno Benjy, tell me where did you look when you rose from the grave?

The other zombies snort. He looks at them, a blush rising to his hollow cheeks. I ignore them and try to answer in a way hell understand. Darren, I came to in a plate of mashed potatoes, in the middle of my high school cafeteria, like half the other zombies who survived the second outbreak. Im no more familiar with graves than you are.

Wrong choice of words. I know it the minute they leave my mouth. I can kind of feel all the air being sucked out of the living crew members as they look from me to Darren Dark and back again. 

They stand, just beyond the crushed cookie and chicken wire graveyard, in T-shirts and goatees and headphones and boom mikes and each one with a cup of coffee in his hand. 

Hmmm, Darren says, mulling over his reply, which from the looks of the fire behind his bright green eyes is going to be a real barn burner, Id say after having directed four Zombie Groom movies, Im fairly familiar with graves, right gang?

The crew, about eleven rag tag souls in matching backward ball caps and greasy hair and ironic zombie T-shirts, mumbles and nods, staring daggers at the zombie in the pale blue tuxedo daring to argue with their beloved director. 

Well, sir, if I may. I mean, Zombie Groom 4: Revenge of the Bridesmaids took place entirely in a Las Vegas casino, so not sure there was even a grave in that movie.

There is some chuckling from the zombies behind me, and even a few crew members. 

Darrens face grows flushed, but then he cocks his head. How how would you even know that? I mean, youre a zombie.

I turn to look at my pal, Benjy, holding a rubber shovel and covered in rags to make him look more zombie-ish. He frowns and begs me with his eyes to zip it.

But I cant. Im angry, and not just because all zombies are always all angry. 

I wasnt born a zombie, Mr. Dark. I was alive when I saw Zombie Groom 3, and I was alive when I saw Zombie Groom 1 and 2, too.

Then you should know Im pretty familiar around a graveyard, kid.

I do, youre right. I I didnt mean that. What I meant, was, Ive never risen out of a grave before.

He looks from me to the half-dozen living dead extras behind me, then back to me. Then what are you doing here, Zed? What are any of you doing here?

My voice is hoarse and gravelly. Hey, youre the one who asked us here.

He huffs, pacing around in front of his canvas chair, the one with Director written on one side and his (probably fake) name, Darren Dark, on the other.

Break, he says to his assistant, Kyle, a younger, shorter, thinner but otherwise carbon copy imagine of Darren in a size medium Zombie Groom T-shirt and a set of earphones dangling around his neck. I dont know what theyre for. Ive never seen him use them but theyre always there. I dont even know if theyre plugged into anything.

Okay, says Kyle to the assembled crew, you heard him everybody, thats a break. Be back in fifteen

A dozen crew members in flannel shirts and battery packs mumble and shuffle toward the crafts table, which is really just a fold-down picnic table with a giant coffee machine, some paper cups and stale donuts.

I roll my eyes and duck beneath the chicken wire, crouching down until Im out from under the makeshift grave Ive been trying to rise out of for the last two hours.

Just offstage and to the left, away from the human crew, shuffle my undead friends from Reanimation Reform School. They have a Drama Department there, not much of one considering only half of us can talk, but still it beats spending four periods a day in PE playing zombie dodge ball. 

When Scream Studios, makers of the successful Zombie Groom series, showed up one day, looking for real zombies to play zombie extras in their latest movie, we jumped at the chance.

Now, two weeks later, and our third day on the set, it looks like Scream Studios little publicity stunt to be the first movie ever to use re-alive, reanimated persons in a motion picture under the Reanimated Re-Employment Act of 2017, allowing the living dead to be employed with only moderate supervision, is backfiring.

What are you doing? whispers Benjy as the others cluster around.

He looks ridiculous in his Hollywood zombie get up of torn clothes, wrinkled cap and fake bloodstains all over his chin. If Darren Dark only knew how Benjy dressed around Reanimation Reform School, in his pajama pants and hoodie, sunglasses and man bag, hed be shocked. 

What do you mean? 

Youre screwing this up for us, Zed, says Carla, looking even worse in a bedraggled wig and a moldy pink dress, which is particularly funny since shes one of the more fashionable zombies in school. 

How? Why? I ask, shocked that they wouldnt want more accuracy in, you know, an actual zombie movie. Now that were all, you know, actual zombies. I figured theyd be cheering me on, not getting ready to chase me out of town with pitchforks and torches. 

Quit bugging the director so much, pleads Benjy as, a few feet away, our Handlers watch uncomfortably, human hands itchy on their creaky black (stun) gun belts. Technically, were not supposed to gather like this; its illegal for more than six zombies to congregate at one time, but since were under such close supervision, I guess theyre letting it slide. Or waiting for someone to go grab a bazooka and wipe us out all at once, one or the other.

Okay, okay, I say, holding up my grayer than normally gray hands, thanks to the funky pink-haired chick in the makeup department with all the tattoos on her neck. 

Dont you like being here? asks Carla, taller than me; older by a good few years. I mean, with the way your room is decorated back at school, I know you gotta love the movies.

I do, I say. Guys, Im not trying to screw anything up. Just dont you want to see an accurate zombie movie for once?

Their faces grow blank and I sniff human flesh from behind. I turn to find Darren Dark standing behind me, eyes open and curious. Tell me, Zed, whats so inaccurate about my movies?

Oh, uh, hi Mr. Dark. I didnt didnt smell you standing there.

I watch as Benjy, Carla and the others from my Drama class scurry away, back to the sidelines, back to their Handlers.

One by one, they inch off the hot set, straggling toward the cages lined behind the cemetery set where weve been sleeping every night. Theyre tall but thin, like the ones you see lions or tigers in at the zoo.

Suddenly, were alone; Darren Dark and I. Well, except for Lacy, my Handler, a 240-pound giant of a woman in the Handler uniform of khaki slacks, black sweater with her ID Badge and green beret.

Around her waist hangs a gun belt with a stun gun on either side, like an old west gunslinger. Her hair is shockingly red under her green beret, and ever since we were introduced before leaving Reanimation Reform School, I cant help but think of Christmas every time I look at her.

Handlers are like armed escorts. By law, every zombie working among humans has to have one, all the time, everywhere they go. Its a new law, and since the government, i.e. the taxpayers, has to pay for them not a very popular one, but for now its the only way I could ever be in a zombie movie, so I suppose I should be grateful for her.

Too bad shed like nothing more than to re-kill me. 

Im waiting, says Darren Dark, crossing his arms over his chest. There is a tattoo on his left bicep of a broken heart. I wonder who broke it. Probably himself, since thats who he seems to be in love with. 

Oh, well, I just mean I thought since you hired real zombies to work on your latest Zombie Groom movie, you actually wanted our opinions about how to make the zombie action more, you know accurate.

Darren looks at Lacy and both of them chuckle. What, kid? You think anybody who lived through the first outbreak, let alone the second, doesnt know what a little zombie action looks like?

His look is so smug, his tone so righteous, I cant even try to bite my tongue. Yeah, well, try being one, Mr. Dark.

Whats that supposed to mean, Zed?

Its supposed to mean that zombies got attacked once, too, you know? We know what its like before and after someone you love turns you into one of the living dead.

Darren nods absently. The one thing youre missing, Zed, is what happens in between, while youre in the angry place, before youve fed. Thats where you and your friends have a big blind spot.

I nod. Hes right. Theres that time, that span, when a zombie has bitten you and you become one yourself, where youre blacked out, zonked, with no idea what youre doing or who youre doing it to. Humans call it the Angry Phase; scientists do, too. Theyve discovered that, if certain zombies eat fresh, live, living brains before the angry phase ends, theyll retain more of their human qualities; be able to talk, for instance, or read and possibly even write, like most of us back at Reanimation Reform School.

But those who go beyond that 24-48 hours of the Angry Phase without eating, who dont feed when their reanimated body needs it the most, when their brains are still receptive to life and re-living, are doomed to forever be the classic horror movie zombie; restless, angry all the time, hungry all the time, unable to reason beyond how and where to find food, not talking save for the most rudimentary grunts or hand signals. 

Forever dead, but still forever alive.

Thats what the Handlers are for. While scientists have proven that any zombie who can talk is safe, the government doesnt quite buy it. So while they passed the Reanimation Re-Employment Act by a narrow margin, they tacked on a law that stated our Handlers must be with us at all times, just in case we turn back into regular, horror movie zombies.

But youre not making a movie about the in between time, I remind Darren Dark. Youre making a movie about a Zombie Groom whos been slashed, burned, drawn and quartered, melted in acid AND tossed into a wood chipper and yet miraculously lives to continue to torture his poor, human bride for a fifth time.

Darren Dark offers a rare smile. I knew it; youre a closet fan of these movies.

Theres nothing closet about it, Mr. Dark. I am a fan of these movies. The only posters on my wall back at school are Zombie Groom posters, so Im saying all this as a fan, for real.

He regards me suspiciously. From just beyond the graveyard set, complete with fiberglass tombstones and putting green grass, we hear the creak of my Handler, Lacy, sitting in one of the crew chairs.

We both look at her, fleetingly, then back at each other. So if youre a fan, Zed, why are you working so hard to derail this movie?

Im not. I pace, in tight circles, creaking over the Astroturf beneath my feet. The powder blue tux is loose and goofy on my long, lanky, fat-free zombie body. I just dont you want to make it better?

He closes his eyes dramatically, shakes his head, puts his finger to his chin, then down again. By all means, Zed, please enlighten me how I could make one of the most popular B-movie zombie series ever even better than it already is.

I stare, slack-jawed at him. Youre serious?

He paces a little, as if asking himself the very same question. Yes, absolutely, of course. Why wouldnt I want a real zombies input on a zombie movie?

I sniff the air, wishing I could smell sarcasm. For real? And you wont fire me if I say something you dont like?

He smirks. Technically, youre not actually getting paid so, I cant really fire you.

I roll up the sleeves of my blue tux jacket. He holds up a finger. Wait, he says to me, then he walks over to Lacy. She shakes her head, twice, and then stands. Abruptly. I keep waiting for her to switch on one of her stun guns and jab it in the directors throat, like she did to me the other day when I wouldnt get in my cage, but instead she just looks at me, hawks a big loogie on the ground and storms off the set.

Isnt that illegal? I ask him when he comes back.

He scratches his goatee absently. What, spitting on the set?

No, sending my Handler away like that?

He shrugs. Probably.

I listen to her slamming doors and stomping away. Shes pretty by the book, I say, touching the small stun gun holes she left on the back of my neck the other day. Whatd you tell her?

I told her I cant fire you, but I can fire her. Shell be back in fifteen minutes, so lets make this quick.

He sits down in his directors chair, grabbing the cup of coffee from the little holder in the armrest. He winces and I figure it must be cold. I walk between a few headstones, smirking, and pour him a fresh, hot cup. But when I come back and hand it to him, he puts it in the empty arm rest. Uh, thanks, but I think Ill just drink this for now.

Oh, so its like that, huh? I get it. He doesnt want to drink zombie-made coffee. Thats cool. I thought maybe, since he had agreed to listen to me, he wasnt gonna be like that but its cool. Now that I know he actually is just another zombie-hating dick bag, well the gloves are off.

So, he sighs, crossing his legs as I lean on a tombstone. Im waiting.

Id take a deep breath if I could. Instead I just shrug and begin. Lets take the whole Zombie Groom concept. Now, the first one was a classic.

Thank you.

I cock my head. But, you didnt direct that one.

His nostrils flare a little as the color inches toward his hollow, stubble covered cheeks. Well, youre technically right but I was assistant to the assistant director, so I was intimately involved.

Okay, sure, but you have to admit, and I think the fans will back me up on this one, Zombie Groom 1: Revenge of the Living Bride was the strongest in the series. Why? Because it had a plot.

He sits up. Now wait just a minute

You promised to listen, I remind him. 

He sits back, goes to sip his coffee, remembers its cold, looks at the steaming cup Ive brought him, and drinks the old sludge anyway. (Dick. Bag. Confirmed.)

Now, in the first one, Zombie Groom is a good guy. Yes, theres a zombie invasion during his wedding reception, yes, a zombie groomsman bites him on the shoulder and turns him, but he spends the entire movie trying to save his bride from the outbreak. Now thats a good plot. Sure, the effects were cheesy and low budget, but nobody cared because we got caught up in the story. Then, in Zombie Groom 2: Revenge of the Zombie Groomsman, suddenly, Zombie Groom is a bad guy?

Darren shrugs. Zed, think about it. How are you going to make Zombie Groom  a groom who is a zombie  a good guy?

Okay, I get it. I kinda dug it when the living bride rejects him at the end of Zombie Groom and I get his motivation but the whole movie is suddenly about the epic battle between Zombie Groom and the Zombie Groomsman who bit him in the first place.

Yes, I dont see your point?

Well, Mr. Dark. I only saw the movie a few times but even I remember that the Zombie Groomsman gets torn to pieces in the first movie.

He scratches his head. No one else seemed to notice. Besides, back then, no one really believed zombies existed.

I nod. He has a point. Moving on. Zombie Groom 3: Revenge of the Caterer? Come on; thats just silly.

Hey, it made over twelve million theatrical and another twenty mil on DVD, you cant argue with the fans.

But thats just it; you could have made twice that much if you just tried to make a good movie.

His voice is deep and, actually, pretty dark. Thats what were trying to do here, Zed. He stands, paces, puts down his cold coffee, picks it back up, puts it down. 

That cant be true, Mr. Dark.

He stops, whips around and inches closer. Why you little

Then he remembers who hes talking to. Or, specifically, what hes talking to. He looks away, toward where Lacy was sitting, only to suddenly remember that hes the one who sent her away.

When he looks back, Im smiling. Whats the matter, Mr. Dark? You dont like my feedback?

He takes a step or two back. Hes taller than me, by at least a couple of inches, but anyone whos lived through an outbreak, let alone two, knows a zombies size can be deceiving. 

As I recall it was a puny freshman who bit me, and I used to be a linebacker for the varsity football team.

No, no, he says, more quietly now, sitting back down. Please, its very enlightening.

I can tell the word tastes like copper crossing his lips, and I feel kind of bad. Its not a crime to make crappy zombie movies but, now that Im a zombie, I guess I just want better crappy zombie movies. 

I mean, I have the rest of my afterlife to watch them. Hundreds of years, by some estimates. Thats a lot of crappy zombie movies. Is seeing a better class of crappy zombie movie too much to ask?

Okay, well, lets talk about this movie. From what Ive read of the script, Zombie Groom rises up out of the grave. Again

He starts to talk but I hold up a threatening finger, pushing him back into his chair. Feedback is feedback, Mr. Dark. You asked for it, you got it.

He scratches his goatee nervously and looks stage left, to see if my Handler is anywhere close. I can tell, just by the lack of her over perfumed smell, she isnt. 

So, he rises again. Thats fine. Maybe somehow between the time he got thrown into a wood chipper at the end of Zombie Groom 5: Revenge of the Honeymooners and the beginning of this one, zombies somehow learned to knit their bodies back together. Fine, whatever. Tell it to my friend Ace back at Reanimation Reform School, who lost a thumb in the first outbreak and cant review movies anymore, but whatever

I give him a minute to laugh at my joke, even if just to be polite, but I guess thats not in his nature. Moving on. Now, lets get to the basics of the plot. As I understand it, once Zombie Groom rises from the grave, somehow miraculously after knitting himself together between movies, he goes to find Zombie Bride. Who isnt a zombie, yet anyway. And so, miraculously, since his finger got thinner in between movies, his wedding ring, which he still has, after five movies, being hacked apart, blown to bits, burned down to bone, a nuclear bomb tied to his neck AND being mowed down by one of those giant wrecking balls, miraculously, he finds his wedding ring in the bottom of the coffin.

Yeah, so? Even fearful, Darren Dark is still indignant. 

Oh, its not the wedding ring part thats so ridiculous. Its that somehow, with forethought before they got married, Zombie Groom and Living Bride put their address inside the ring so, five movies later Zombie Groom can pick it up, look confused and find his wifes address.

Now Darren Dark is smiling. That was my idea. I love it!

Okay, I admit. It is sort of clever, but you actually expect people to believe that after being stalked through all those previous movies the Living Bride is still going to be living in the same house? Wouldnt she have gone underground or something? Joined the Resistance? The Zombie Witness Protection Program? Anything to get away from Zombie Groom?

He scratches his chin, then shakes his head. Okay, its a little convenient but I dont think its too big a deal.

I nod, ironically, but he thinks Im nodding in agreement. Okay, fine, again, this is all just feedback. So, then, immediately after rising from the grave, for no apparent reason other than to have something behind the opening credits of a movie called Zombie Groom 6: Revenge of the Zombie Groom, the Zombie Groom stumbles into a group of teenagers partying in a graveyard at midnight.

He shifts in his chair uncomfortably. Right, well, the studio felt our audience was skewing old, so they wanted us to work in something that would appeal to a younger demographic.

Well, why not just have Zombie Groom stumble into a sorority house full of half-naked cheerleaders then? Or a high school locker room and smack his victims on the butt with a towel?

Now, Zed, listen

And we dont even get to the Living Bride until, like, the last twenty pages of the script? I just dont understand.

Our latest data reveals that, frankly, audiences dont care for the Living Bride.

So why make a movie about her?

Well, as you know, Zombie Groom finally turns her at the end of this film so, in the next chapter, we can reboot the whole series with a spinoff called Zombie Bride: Revenge of the Spinster.

I shake my head. So why not just have Zombie Groom bite her in the beginning of this movie? Cut out all the whole Zombie Groom versus the Random Multicultural Teenagers in the Graveyard business and make it what it always should have been: Zombie Groom versus Living Bride. That Id pay to see.

He knits his brow, like this is potentially actually a possibility. But how, Zed? I mean, how do you start the movie that way? Why would Living Bride come to see this guy she hates? Whos tried to kill her for five straight movies?

I shrug. Im real good at shrugging. I dunno, maybe she feels bad, for the marriage that could have been. They were kind of likeable together in the first movie, before he becomes a zombie. Maybe instead of Zombie Groom rising from the grave in the opening credits, you have a montage of happier times between the happy couple. The wedding, photographs, you could even do scratchy old VHS film and have wedding guests talking about what a great couple they are. Then cut to Living Bride at Zombie Grooms graveside, weeping, laying a photo album or something, and as she puts it down on the ground, his hand rises from the grave and

He rises, pacing suddenly. But weve already shot the credit sequence, and the actress playing Living Bride is only budgeted for three days work. Plus, we hired you guys to be the teenagers, so no, no, itll never work.

But his eyes are glazed over, hes mumbling with the possibilities. I can see it in his energy, the cracking of his knuckles as he paces, back and forth. Im so hyped by the idea, I overstep. Listen, I know this is low budget city but, maybe if you take me to the studio, let me pitch the idea to the producers, then we can

He chuckles, softly at first. Then he turns, eyes wide and wild, laughing. Loudly. We? 

I grovel. My big break, talking to the director of my favorite movies and I blew it. Well, obviously I dont mean we. I mean, Zombie Groom is your baby. Im just saying, if you took me we could convince them. You. I mean, you could convince them.

Take you? Kid, dont you get it? This is it for you. Im humoring you until your Handler gets back, and the minute she does youre off my set, for good. The closest youll ever come to being in a Zombie Groom movie is seeing it in theaters. That is, if they ever let your type back into theaters.

Offstage, still yards away, I smell Lacy ambling back. I inch closer and say, My type?

But hes no longer afraid. He senses hes about to be rescued, so hes bolder now. Cockier. Yeah, sure, you know. Shufflers. Zombies. Cannibals. Degenerates. Killers. You know your type.

I growl and he steps back, but in doing so he sees Lacy and he smiles. Forget it, kid. Your little Hollywood fantasy about the perfect zombie movie is done, over, kaput

I put my hand on his throat, if only to stop the flow of air and, thus, the flow of nasty, ugly words in his high, whiny, hipster voice. Lacy sees it, reaches for both stun guns and I say, Follow me.

Zed, listen Her voice is firm, and she reaches me quickly, but I still have a humans throat in my hand and no stun gun, no Handler, in the world is fast enough to stop me from yanking out his entire spine if I want. 

I use my best zombie voice, which is pretty scary-ific if I do say so myself. Follow. Me. Handler.

We go to Darren Darks trailer. A few of the cast members are milling out behind the set, smoking, and I grab the director around the shoulder. Wave, I order. Wave like were the best of zombie friends.

He does. His assistant, Kyle, looks troubled. I say, Tell him, tell him were cool, Darren.

Were cool, Kyle! he shouts, making Kyle smile uncertainly. Zed here is, well, hes just gonna give me some notes on the third act plot structure. Give us a few minutes and well set up for the next shot, k?

He opens the trailer door with a key, fumbling to the point where I know, I just know, Kyle and the others will pick up on it. Finally, the door swings open and we rush in. I lock it behind me.

Lacy stands, stun guns at the ready. I stand, fingers clutching either side of Darrens throat. I can feel the blood pulsing through his veins beneath my fingertips. Drop them, I say to her.

She refuses, flicking them instead. Little lightning bolts of electricity ping between the fang-shaped bolts at the tip of each gun. My nostrils flare at the sudden whiff of ozone in the air. Drop. Them.

She smirks, mimicking. Make. Me.

Darrens blood pulses beneath my fingers, faster now with the stress, the tension in the room. I know shes bluffing, testing me, but I dont care. She may be a Handler, trained in a three week course at the governments new underground, zombie proof facility, but Ive been a zombie since the second outbreak and theres nothing the government can teach her that I didnt know on my first day as one of the living dead.

Case in point: theres a spot midway up the back of her neck where the skin is the softest, where the muscles the weakest, where the spine is the most exposed its ever going to be on the human body. Smiling, I use my free hand to reach out and punch it, dead center.

She falls with the smirk still frozen on her face, and I suddenly smell Darrens pores opening, the sweat and fear filling the tiny camper that is his dressing room slash office slash casting couch between takes.

So much for my Handler, I tell him. Now, grab your phone.

He digs deep in one of the pockets on the side of his pants until he pulls up his smart phone. Dial the studio.

Even through his fear, he manages a smile. Youre crazy, he gasps, and I can feel the vibrations of his vocal chords through my fingers. Theyll never go for it.

I pinch tighter, so that he gurgles just a bit. Do you like talking? Do you like speaking to other human beings? Would you like to keep doing so?

He tries to speak, and cant. I smile. Just nod if you do.

He nods, three times, fast. 

I release his throat and shove him into the front seat, which swivels so you can drive or just sit there and be menaced by a zombie in a blue tuxedo costume, your choice. 

One call, thats all I ask and you get to keep your vocal chords, Mr. Dark.

He dials, fingers trembling, and clears his throat. Though the phones not on speaker, I hear the stilted voice of a receptionist say, Silent Scream Studios, how may I direct your call?

He is silent for a moment, looking up at me, desperate, angry, mad, sad. I inch forward and he croaks, Sally, its Darren Dark. Can you put me through to Phil?

Mr. Armbruster is in an investors meeting, Mr. Dark. Can I give him your message?

He covers the phone with his trembling hand and gives me wtf face. What do I do now, Zed?

Tell them, Darren, I bark, the inner rage seeping into my dead, dehydrated cells. Tell them youre scouting a new location and wont be back for a couple of days. Tell them its necessary, for the authenticity of your beloved movie.

Darren trembles in his pleather drivers seat. The studio the studio will never believe that.

I look down at my Handler, so tempting, warm and full of fresh, vital brains. I look away before something happens. Make them believe it, Darren, or youll join my friend on the floor there.

He smiles as he talks to Sally, as he pretends to play nice, all while my hand rests uneasy on his vibrating shoulder. Its so warm, so soft under my cold, dead hands. How Id love to pierce the flesh, lick the warm, thick blood off my fingers as I reach in and crunch through his ear to get to the soft, meaty brain inside.

But theres something bigger going on here. An opportunity beyond the chance to eat an extra brain. Besides, Ive been fed plenty this week. Thats what Handlers do, after all; make sure were fed and docile and easy to manage. 

Until, you know; were not anymore. 

I look down at mine. She was okay, as Handlers go. Theyre not supposed to be nice; thats what makes them good Handlers. Should I have snapped her neck like that? Probably not. Should she have shocked me six extra times with her cattle prod this morning just because I finally told her her head looked like a Christmas tree? Probably not.

Are we even? Id say Im one up on her but, thats what she gets for underestimating the living dead. Darren gets off the phone. He looks pale; paler than usual. Hes about to get six shades paler; permanently.

Fine, good, Ive done what you asked. Now what

I kick out his legs and follow him to the floor, tearing open his stupid zombie T-shirt and gnawing into the soft flesh under his armpit. It tastes fragrant, like some fancy imported deodorant, but with a harsh chemical aftertaste that ruins the fresh jolt of blood that hits the back of my throat like a geyser. I eat a little of his soft flesh, but not much, because I want his arm to look normal under a T-shirt. 

I stop. I force myself to stop, and sit back up as he spasms, legs kicking against a cabinet across from where he lies. I wipe the blood from my face, looking at it glistening and maroon on my marble pale skin. Shadows form on the wall across from me as I sit, patiently, watching his body grow still and calm as the virus shuts him down, struggling to take over his own cells and systems before shutting them down for good.

It will take a few hours for him to reboot, for the virus to take over, and when he wakes up hell find fresh brains, fresh food, lying right in front of him to help him avoid the raging hunger that separates the unfed from the undead. 

Once hes fed, and if I keep him fed, if I become his Handler, then hell be calm, hell be Darren Dark again, just better. And by better, I mean a better director. Imagine, a zombie movie directed by a zombie.

Now thatll make headlines! But first, a little detour. There is a knock on the door, a gentle tug, then something more insistent. I drag his body in the back, then the Handlers, bunching them close and pulling the curtain tight behind me. I hear footsteps circle the trailer, and then someone asking, Doesnt anyone have a key? How can no one have a key?

Darrens assistant, Kyle, reminds the first speaker, You know how secretive Daren is, he had the only key. He wouldnt even give me one.

Probably schtooping young actresses in there between shots, says the other voice, pausing just outside the back window.

Kyle sounds a little jealous. Darren would never do that. He just he was afraid of the script getting into the wrong hands and leaked to the internet, you know?

The other voice chuckles, skeptically. Sure, kid. Whatever you say. So what now?

Kyle sounds dubious, but resigned. I just got a call from the studio saying Darren was going location scouting, which is weird because I thought wed already handled all that. Anyway, hes not answering his phone, we cant get in his trailer and, frankly, Im beat. How about you?

The other voice whistles. You kidding? We been working nonstop for two weeks. I could use a break.

Well, he wont be back on set until Monday, so I guess we take the weekend off for a change.

What do we do with the zombies?

Kyle chuckles. I guess they go back into the cages until Darren returns.

There is an awkward pause until the other voice, the burly one, chuckles. How about that zombie punk in the blue tux that Darren walked off set?

I grimace. Punk? Really? Punk? Is that the best you can do?

Kyles voice grows ominous and brusque. Im sure his Handler took care of him. That is, if Darren didnt first

The voices keep talking, about future projects, about zombies, about bringing in some extra lights from the soundstage, but they grow distant as two pairs of human feet walk briskly away from the directors trailer.

I watch Darren grow pale as the sun sets beyond the closed window shades. He will rise soon, and be hungry. But after a full serving of brains, he wont want much more flesh beyond a spare shoulder or ribcage, maybe a thigh or bicep.

I can snack on my ex-Handler a little, just a little, until then. I mean, Darren will be so happy to be re-alive, to have a feast simply waiting for him, he wont hardly miss a finger, toe or femur, now will he?



* * * * *


Story # 15:
Zombies Dont Pucker



They stumble up, shoulder to shoulder, crisp dollar bills clutched in their hands. I roll my eyes, which isnt smart because Ive heard that some zombies get stuck that way and, well, its bad enough shuffling around with grayish-green skin and Corn Pops yellow teeth without your eyes pointing in different directions like some cartoon character whos just been bonked on the head with a rubber mallet.

I see their PRESS badges right away, but theyre bundled up against the cold in thick, black jackets with floppy hats and sunglasses, which is pretty standard fare since most chicks dont want their significant others, or pretty much anyone else, for that matter, to know they trudged all the way out to the State Fair to kiss a zombie.

Yeah, I was a little shocked to hear about this new zombie kissing trend, too. I mean, when the sign went up at Reanimation Reform School for volunteers to travel around the country and occupy Living Dead Lip Lock booths, I thought it was a joke.

But when my best new friend Benjy signed on, he was pretty adamant I should follow. What, he nudged, shoving his extra hoodie and Army boots in his backpack. You want to sit around here reading kids books all day and eating brain smoothies? Lets get back out in the world. If crazy chicks want to kiss us because its the hot new thing, lets suck the afterlife out before they remember were scuzzed out dead guys!

His logic was hard to deny, and so here I am, three weeks later, standing in the Living Dead Lip Locks booth in my powder blue tuxedo with the frilly white shirt. No, I didnt pick it and, yes, the carnies who run the joint thought it would be funny to do a kind of zombie prom thing because, as we all know, every zombie movie ends at a high school dance.

The girls giggle and cover their mouths, looking around at the crowd. Its the typical state fair scene; lots of bundled up folks eating kettle corn and candy apples and cotton candy and elephant ears slathered in chocolate pudding.

I watch them with a bittersweet gaze. While the smells of human food are vile to me, I remember the sensation of caramel sticking to my teeth, of the sweet drizzle of hot dog grease down the back of my tongue, of the fizzy fuzz of cotton candy before it melted on my tongue.

Girls! barks Mr. Zane, the manager of the Living Dead Lip Locks booth. Now, the zombies might live forever but they dont have all day. Hurry up and give him a smooch, why dont you? If youve got cold feet, there are plenty more lucky ladies in line to take your place.

The girls blush and inch forward. Now that theyre closer, I squint to read their PRESS badges. One is named Val and the other Harmony. I smirk; under each name it says, Blogger.

I smile, then groan, giving them the whole experience. They flinch a bit, but thats normal. Ever since the New Government passed the Reanimation Reform Act of 2017, letting us back into society, everyone wants to get next to a zombie these days.

Town after town, booth after booth, the ladies line up; big ones, small ones, short ones, tall ones, old, young and everything in between. Ive never been so popular before!

Then again, Im one of the few living dead who actually improved over my living version. Pale and frail, I was a bookish type, 120-pounds soaking wet and fond of the very last cubby in the library, where Id hide from the bullies behind thick sci-fi books almost as heavy as me. 

That is, until that day the library got overrun in the second outbreak, making me what I am today; six-feet something of lean, gray muscle, a slab of tight, dried flesh without an ounce of fat and grinning under his thick, black sunglasses.

Bloggers, huh? I know the type; I used to be one! Theyre probably here sniffing out a story, and will take a peck at my cold, dry lips and then run back and write all about it on their blog. Whats the name? I inch even closer, smelling their shampoo and creamy maroon lip gloss. Zombies Dont Blog? Is that what it says under their names? Hmm, pretty cool, actually.

I stand up straight, lean in closer until I notice the little matching pink and black skull and cross bone stickers theyve plastered all over their PRESS badges. Come on girls, I snarl. I wont bite!

Wait. What? Did I just say that out loud? The girls stumble back, eyebrows arching over their private detective shades. Benjy stands next to me, gaping jaw even lower than usual and Mr. Zane, old and wise beyond his years, snaps his fingers and alerts two of the Sentinel guards the government insists accompany us on this cross-country venture.

Im whisked away by the zombie soldiers, pulled from the booth as the two bloggers hold their hands over their mouths and watch me go with something bordering on concern.

The Sentinels toss me in the cage they keep us in overnight. Its like a horse trailer, you know, with the metal walls but bars for windows. I see the setting sun outside as I pace.

Mr. Zane stumbles in, gray goatee trembling with rage. You fool! he barked, waving his fake cane. You know youre not supposed to talk in front of the Normals.

I know, I know, I forgot.

He growls, paces, waves the cane around but he doesnt frighten me. Nobody frightens me anymore. Im dead, remember? Whats he gonna do? Kill me again?

He rants and raves, talks about damage control and spinning this, but in a way Im kind of glad my secret is out. I was startled, the first time I talked. Id seen all the zombie movies. Were not supposed to talk, right? 

But there I was, yapping away one day. The other zombies quickly warned me that, if humans knew we could talk, thatd be it; theyd be yanking brains out of our heads instead of the other way around, trying to figure us out.

Now, who knows? Lets just hope no one had a cell phone camera going! I pace and pace, back and forth, my own Army boots heavy on the hollow floor of the trailer.

I hear the slump-shuffle of Mr. Zane as he returns and flinch, ready for another tirade. But when he undoes the padlock on the back door, Im surprised to see the two bloggers in hand. There you go, girls! he grunts, shoving them inside and slamming the door. Through the bars he says, Have a nice afterlife!

The girls are smaller this close, or maybe theyve just shrunk into themselves with fear. I wave a hand and say, Its okay, Ive already eaten this week. Youre safe, at least for a few more days.

Its a joke, but I have to remember my gravelly voice and dead vocal chords dont exactly make me sound like a choirboy these days. 

One of them, I cant tell which because they both clutch their coats around their throats, smushing up their PRESS badges, says, How how can you talk?

I dont know, I joke. How can you?

They look at each other, faces pale and lips trembling. I pace a little while they cower by the door, frozen in place. If Mr. Zane put them in the trailer with me, then he must expect one thing: me to eat them.

From the looks on their faces, they must expect the same thing! I grin and move a sleeping bag from a wedge of floor Benjy and I kicked out weeks ago. It slides in and out of place; we use it to sneak out at night, raiding the local fields for stray squirrel and chipmunk brains. Okay, okay, so theyre cute and Im not proud of it, but zombie cannot live on brain smoothies alone, you know?

I wedge it up from the floor and slide it over; its heavy, but not for me. The girls look at it, then me, faces daring to look hopeful. Go, get out of here before he comes back, I say.

They inch forward, slowly, until Im forced to say, Its not a trap, for real! You cant stay here, he may come back any minute. Honestly, Ive never seen two slower bloggers in my life!

They look at each other and then, the taller one looks back at me. How how did you know?

I can read too, you know?

They gasp, but dont stick around to test me on it. One by one they slide through the hole in the floor, about the same size as a ceiling tile in your typical classroom.

What now? one asks, looking up at me from the crouching position as they kneel beneath the horse trailer. 

Leave me one of your hats, and a press badge, I say. 

They look protective, and I cant tell whether its of the hat or the press badge! Why?

So it looks like I ate you, thats why!

They look doubtful. One of them says, Will that work? I mean, wouldnt there be more blood?

I nod. Well, I wasnt going to ask but if one of you would be so kind?

They argue a bit, back and forth, until finally one takes off a pink and green zombie button -- oh, the irony! -- and sticks her thumb. She wipes blood on the PRESS badge, smears it around, smiling.

I tell her thats enough, more harshly than I wanted to, because the smell is making me hungry. I take the hat, a pair of sunglasses and the badge. They turn around before leaving, start to say something, then tear out of there before I can change my mind.

I slide the panel back into the floor, crush the sunglasses under my feet, tear up the hat and toss the PRESS badge into the corner. It wont be enough, not nearly, but at least the girls wont have to worry about what Mr. Zane and the Sentinels might do to me when they come back.

After all, its not their fault I wanted to talk just to impress them



* * * * * 



Story # 16:
Perfect Attendance




Armond Price Standish the III strolls the halls of Catfish Cove High School with a smile on his face and a stopwatch in his hands. 

76 seconds til 7th period, people, he barks over the sound of slamming lockers and squeaking sneakers, waving the shiny silver watch in the air as if the bustling students can see it in nestled in the palm of his pink, chubby hand.

He spots a cheerleader putting up a sign for next weeks fundraiser and smiles. Run along, Clarissa, only seconds to go before the last period of the day. We dont want you to be late now, do we?

She groans and slaps another sliver of masking tape along the corner of the poster before darting off to class. Its crooked, the poster is, and Standish looks at it with a frown. 

These kids, he thinks to himself, shaking his head. Cant they ever see anything through to the end?

Sighing, Standish puts his stopwatch in his pants pocket and straightens it for her, smiling when its done.

Thats better, he says to himself, reaching for his stopwatch again. 32 seconds, people!

The halls are mostly clear, though, and Principal Standishs voice echoes off the clean walls, a sound hes most familiar with after close to 30 years on the job. He takes pride in his schools cleanliness, and his students 98% punctuality rating. 

He also takes most of the credit for both. After all, if it wasnt for him goading them to class on time every period, theyd likely wander the halls like cows on a plain. 

17 seconds, people! His black Value Mart sneakers squeak in the mostly empty halls now, the windows at each end of C-wing casting late afternoon shadows across the squeaky clean linoleum. 

Lockers continue to slam and sneakers squeak until he recites his final countdown, just like he does between every class period, five days a week, all school year long. 

Just as hes done for the last thirty years: 6 5 4 3 2 1.

Down one side of the hallway and up the other, students rush into class, swinging the doors shut behind them. Slam. Slam.

Slam.

Standish smiles at the empty hallway in front of him, impressed with his ability to, without confrontation or, for that matter raising his voice, herd his students into class on time, every time. 

Every day. And thats why Catfish Cove High will win Best Attendance in the County for the eighth year in a row, he sighs to himself. 

He slips the stopwatch into his pocket with satisfaction, staring out the window at the north end of the hall to find Mr. Willies, the groundskeeper, raking fall leaves from the front lawn. Neat piles dot his progress across the wide, green space, a dozen or more in carefully spaced quadrants, just like Standish likes them. 

Yes, he sighs to himself, as he often does when no one else is around. Fine, fine, everything is just as Id hoped it

Suddenly, behind him, Standish hears a slamming locker at the far end of the hall. He turns so quickly hes out of breath by the time he sees a lone student shuffling away from his locker.

Excuse me, young man, he huffs, racing down the hall as fast as his size 9-and-a-half black dress sneakers will allow. He moves so quickly his purple paisley tie actually flies up to his chin, as if he was in some kind of race. 

Youre not only late, youre Standish huffs, red-faced, sweat already dotting his wide forehead. Youre ignoring me. Young man? Young man, come back here right this instant!

But the young man isnt listening. No, not even a little bit. Instead, hes stumbling away. No, no, Standish thinks, stumbling isnt quite the right word for it. 

Shuffling away. 

Yes, shuffling is more like it. He wears dirty black jeans that could use a good ironing and a ratty lettermans jacket that must be from a thrift shop because its most definitely not in their school colors.

It doesnt take Standish long to catch up to the student, who is walking slower than a substitute teacher on his way to his first class of the morning. I say, young man

Standish reaches out a hand and the kid turns around, face as gray as cement, teeth nicotine stained yellow, snarling. 

Whoa says Principal Standish, out loud, taking a step back. In all his years, hes never seen a student quite so distasteful. And hes seen plenty, mind you. From the flu to lice to gout to pink eye, hes seen some things over the years, Principal Standish has. 

But this? This kid takes the cake!

Oh, uh, sorry, mutters the kid, but its too late now. Principal Standish steps in front of him, arms crossed over his chest as they taught him in his How to Avoid Physical Confrontation with Rebellious Students course at the community college over the summer.

Where do you think youre going, young man? Standish asks, stifling a distasteful frown as he studies every wrinkled, porous inch of the students gray face.

The kid scratches his greasy blond hair, fingernails as black as his eyes, the sound both dry and slimy at the same time. Uh going to class?

His voice is coarse and guttural, like that group of hooligans who went to the rock concert last week and came back the next morning hoarse from screaming all night. 

He looks, well unwell. So unwell that Standish takes an involuntary step back. Hes already had strep throat and pink eye this semester and is dangerously close to tapping out his sick days for the year.

What class? Standish asks from a safe distance. There is a stain on the boys T-shirt. It could be rust, it could be paint, it could be blood. 

Please, Standish thinks to himself, please dont let it be blood!

He thinks of the memos that have been flooding his in-box all month, the ones with the big yellow and red toxic radioactive symbols on top. The ones about zombie preparedness and zombie attack simulations. 

Hes been meaning to do one, a simulation, that is, for weeks now, ever since that outbreak in North Carolina last month. And then he really wanted to do one after the school in South Carolina was overrun last week. But with academic testing and field trips and the Fall Formal coming up, he just hasnt had the time.

Now, suddenly, he wished hed read all those memos. 

Now, suddenly, Standish wished hed run one of those simulations.

The boy isnt talking, and he doesnt look familiar. There are only about 1,200 students at Catfish Cove High, and Standish prides himself on knowing every single one.

By face, by name, and by how many days theyve missed this year. 

What are your books? Standish asks. 

I I have wheel this period.

Standish shakes his head. Try again, mister; there are no wheel classes seventh period this semester.

The boys face remains impassive, unimpressed, gray. He scratches his head once more, those black fingernails and gray fingers making that slick, slimy scratching sound. Standish hears it and feels suddenly nauseous, the way hell get when taking out the trash when its extra ripe.

Standish presses him. Are you skipping, young man? Where are you supposed to be?

Home Ec, the kid says, making Standish wince at his yellow teeth and the coarse, rude grown that passes between them. 

Standish is well aware of the challenges that face pubescent young men when it comes to the issue of personal hygiene, but the smells wafting off this man go well beyond the average case of high school B.O.

Strike two, sir. Mrs. Culpepper has planning this period so the Home Ec class can be cleaned before the end of day. I think you need to come with me

Standish reaches out, gently, and steers the student in the other direction. His office is at the end of D-wing, and its the shortest path. And, frankly, the less time he spends in the direct vicinity of this particular student, the better. Let Nurse Harrington deal with him.

The boys shoulder is cold, dead cold, even through the heavy material of his thrift shop red and white lettermans jacket. 

Can you hurry it up? he squawks, spotting another student wandering aimlessly in the halls, something white and unsettling squirming in her hair. 

Miss? he asks and, when she turns, he covers a stifled scream with his hand: half her jaw is missing, her tongue squirming out to lick her gray, half-lips.

The boy turns to Standish then, shrugging casually. Thanks, Gypsy, he says to the girl, who mumbles something incoherent through her half-jaw, drool drizzling down her gray chin to pool on the floor at her feet. 

Now that the jigs up, well just have to do something about the Principal here

But Standish is already racing off, heart pounding, broad forehead sweating, black sneakers squeaking as he races past the closed doors of classrooms in session.

Jesus, he thinks, sprinting past. All those kids. I cant let these zombies get to them.

And he turns, spotting them, lingering in the halls. They are lurching his way, but not quickly enough.

And the girl, with her gray tongue oozing and licking and squirming, she keeps drifting toward the classroom doors, as if smelling the dozens of fresh brains sitting inside.

No, Standish grunts, out loud, waving his hands, feeling the moisture under his arms as his chest pounds with the effort of sprinting up the hall. Here, here, come HERE

He hasnt worked all these years, shuttling thousands of kids to and from class, just to let two stupid zombies gnaw on their skulls and turn Catfish Cove High into zombie ground zero.

Here! he shouts, pounding his feet to get their attention. They look up, eyes scowling, black as pitch, suddenly remembering him. And they march on, upward, shuffling, so slow he wants to reach out and yank them toward him.

If he can only get them away from here, out onto the front lawn, he can lock the front doors with his keys and protect the school, protect the kids. The police station is just down the street. Maybe he can get Mr. Willies to run and go get Sherriff Haymaker while Standish holds off the zombie invasion with with what? His keys?

His favorite purple paisley tie?!?

Itll have to do. Its the only thing that will do. Theyre close to him now, shuffling forward, arms outstretched and fingers groping, just like they do in the movies.

Here! he shouts, turning the corner toward his office. Down! Here! And they follow. Amazingly, they follow. 

As they shuffle forward, with their black eyes and gray skin and yellow teeth chattering, hungry for his flesh, Standish feels a slight sense of relief.

The classrooms are behind them now, down C-wing, at the zombies backs. At least hes done that much. And now, one more corner and he reaches for the front doors to the school. 

Come on, he urges as he watches them follow, so slow, so purposeful, so undead. He opens the door, afternoon light bathing his damp, sweaty skin. Right. This. Way

Teeth clamp on his hand, hard and angry and sharp. Jesus! he barks, looking down, to see Mr. Willies gnawing on his thumb. Jesus!

He yanks his hand free but the thumb stays behind, Mr. Willies munching on it like a plug of tobacco, his lips smeared with Standishs blood.

Principal Standish wheels around, holding his hand up and watching blood squirt from the jagged, empty socket where his thumb used to be. It rains onto the floor, splattering in great, splashing bursts as the two tardy students stomp all over it, each taking an arm as they bite into his biceps, tearing through the cheap cloth of his favorite navy blazer, slicing through the skin, jagged teeth gnawing straight to the bone.

He watches as sunlight floods the halls, spilling through the open front door as more of them come, one after the other. Teenage zombies, old folk zombies, a mailman zombie, a chef zombie, dozens of zombies now, streaming in through the front door.

And what is the last thing Standish thinks, before the virus takes over, before the rage consumes him and his only thought is of brains, brains and more brains? 

The last thing Armond Price Standish the III thinks is that he didnt lure the zombies out to save his precious students. But that he let them in.

Straight through the front door




* * * * *


Story # 17:
Skipping Zombie School



Autumn was sitting in her third movie of the afternoon when she finally thought to turn her cell phone back on. 

She almost gasped to think she hadnt even looked at it in, what? Over six hours! Thats the longest shed gone since, what? Third grade!

But they made such a big deal out of it before every movie nowadays  turn your cell phones OFF, turn your CELL phones off, TURN your DAMN cell phones OFF  that she felt like some mastermind criminal even sliding it out of her pocket now. 

But the movie was a dud. Well, with a name like Zombie Janitors Versus Vampire Cafeteria Workers 3, how could it not be? Still, it was better than going to school and, besides, she hadnt been even close to ready for her oral report in Mr. Skivers Social Skills class, so eff it, shed skipped.

Not just the class, but the whole damn day. All of it, from homeroom to B-Lunch, from Home Ec to World Cultures. And she felt pretty darn good about it, truth be known. 

Now, sitting alone, surrounded by empty snack wrappers and stray popcorn kernels tumbling out of the folds of her favorite Catfish Cove High School volleyball hoodie, Autumn watched her sleek cell phone spring to life.

The screen glowed an eerie, bluish white in the empty theater as, on the big movie screen, the head zombie janitor shoved a broken mop handle through the heart of the head vampire cafeteria worker, making Autumn wonder: how did zombies ever get so smart?

Then the phone sprang to life in her hand, vibrating steadily as it calculated all her missed calls and texts. There was a little red number next to her neon green text message icon, but it had to be a mistake. 

Autumn rubbed her eyes, blurry after nearly six straight hours spent marinating in the Catfish Cove Cinemas, and then rubbed them again: 161 text messages, and it was still going.

168.

172.

183.

Could that be right? She could count on one hand the number of people who might text her in a day, and who she might text back, but 183 messages? She was lucky if she got that many in a whole week, let alone a single day.

And not even a whole day, just six stinkin hours!

She started scrolling through them, one by one, a nauseous kind of dread filing the pit of her stomach, and not just from the dozens of red vines and chocolate covered raisins and circus peanuts shed downed in her Friday afternoon horror movie fest while skipping school.

There were nearly a dozen from her mom:

TEXT # 3: Are you at school, dear? Something funnys going on there

TEXT # 7: Dear, why arent you picking up? I cant believe a girl who constantly has her cell phone in her hand wont write her own mother back?

TEXT # 8: Is this thing even on?!?

TEXT # 13: Am I doing this right?

TEXT # 17: Are you even getting these? Stupid phone

TEXT # 23: Honey, write me back please. And dont be alarmed but why would your school be on the news? Are they having a bomb threat or something there today? Is that why you cant write me back?

TEXT # 27: Please, oh God, PLEASE let it be a bomb scare! The news, the newscasters arent saying much at this point

TEXT # 32: Are you unable to write me back? Now the news is breaking into my soap opera, saying the cops are there. At your school! Autumn, I see I see ambulances in the teacher parking lot

TEXT # 33: Autumn, where ARE you?

Autumn swallowed hard at that last one, hearing her mothers voice, high pitched and panicked, even though it was just a text.

Scrolling down some more, there were a few from random classmates, like Celia, who was supposed to give the oral report with her: 

TEXT # 56: Girl, cant believe you ditched me like this. Dont worry; I covered for you. Hope youre happy with the B+ we got.

TEXT # 61: Autumn, are you getting these? Something weirds going on here. Its like were being invaded by a ton of foreign exchange students, all these weird kids stumbling around the halls Ive never seen before.

TEXT # 65: PS: none of them are cute.

TEXT # 66: PPS: In fact, theyre butt ugly! All yellow teeth and greasy hair, gnarls!

But the worst texts of all were from her one and only real BFF, April:

TEXT # 73: Autumn, why werent you in Social Skills today? Celia gave a pretty lame report for you. Write me back, chick.

TEXT # 79: Grrrr where ARE YOU?!?

TEXT # 82: Autumn, are you skipping without me?

TEXT # 83: Youre skipping, arent you? I forgot; that stupid new zombie movie came out today, didnt it? The one youve been squawking about all stupid week long? What is it? Alien Janitors Versus Zombie Custodians on Mars or some stupid thing?

TEXT # 98: Write me, Autumn, sheesh; you must need to take a bathroom break at some point.

TEXT # 103: Put down the circus peanuts and turn on the damn phone, girl!

TEXT # 111: This place is totes Weirdsville today. All these new students roaming around, pretty gross dudes with weird skin and UGLY teeth.

TEXT # 124: The cops are here, Autumn. I hear sirens going, too. Where ARE you?

TEXT # 133: Now the schools on lockdown, girl. I hope youre safe. Wish me luck, not sure whats going to happen. Oh, wait, here comes one of those new students walking into the room

The last text from April came a whole hour before Autumn had thought to turn on her cell phone. 

She stood, abruptly, popcorn falling everywhere. Autumn was normally really good about picking up all her junk food and throwing it away, but today she just got up, walked down the aisles and straight out of the theater. 

She didnt realize she was still clutching her red vines bag until she stepped into the lobby and heard it crinkling in her clenched fist.

The lobby was empty, the cashiers behind the concession counter gone, not a single usher in the place. 

Hello? she called out, but nothing. No one. Even the pumped in music overhead seemed quieter, and duller, than usual. 

She looked down at her phone; it was 4:41 p.m. The front doors were open, the parking lot empty  empty!  except for her little red pickup truck, a hand-me-down from her stepdad.

She was headed for it when she smelled smoke. She turned, finding an usher and a chick from the concession stand sharing a cigarette behind the corner of the theater.

Hey, the usher called out, his black polyester vest unbuttoned, his clip-on bowtie hanging from one side of his open shirt collar. What were you doing in there?

Autumn stood, blinking. Watching Zombie Janitors Versus Vampire Cafeteria Workers 3, why? And what are you doing out here?

The two Catfish Cove Cinemas employees looked at each other, disbelieving. Didnt you hear us? We evacuated the theater, like, half an hour ago?

No one told me, Autumn said, standing there, frozen in place, wondering but too afraid to ask: Why would you have to evacuate the whole theater?!?

The usher blushed, looking to the girl as smoke streamed out of his wide nostrils. I thought Theater 6 was on your list, Cherise.

She nodded and avoided Autumns eyes. Sorry.

Why? Autumn finally asked, taking a single step in their direction. They both flinched. Both of them. At her! Autumn, all 98-pounds of her! Why did you have to evacuate the theater? she pressed, staying put. Why is nobody here? What is going on?

Some trouble at the school, said the kid, itching some peach fuzz on his chin and handing the half-finished cigarette to the girl, Cherise or whoever. Didnt you hear the siren? The emergency one from the top of the hospital?

I was in the movie, Autumn muttered, turning from them, running to her car, sprinting across the parking lot as if her life depended on it. The cranky engine leapt to life beneath her fingers and charged from the parking lot, stripping gears all the way down Mullet Lane, taking two tires on Snapper Avenue. 

There was a roadblock just before the school, three cop cars and a ton of those wooden stands they put up for crowd control. And there was a crowd, a big one. 

Autumn parked her truck in the middle of the street, along with a dozen other cars, some of them still running. The crowd was milling around, whispering, murmuring and there, toward the front, she caught sight of her mother, a tissue in one hand, her bifocals hanging around her neck from the ruby chain Autumn got her for her birthday just last month.

Autumn! she screamed, hugging her, tight, squeezing the breath out of her. Thank God.

Whats going on, Mom? Autumn asked when she could finally breathe.

Her mothers eyes narrowed. Where have you been?

I I skipped movies today to go see the Zombie Janitor marathon at Catfish Cove Cinemas. The third one came out today and Ive been waiting all year and they played the first two in front of it for the fans and

Her mother was crying, dabbing at her eyes. I never thought Id say this, dear, but thank GOD you skipped today of all days.

Around them, neighbors and strangers and mailmen and grocery store clerks murmured, sadly, madly, as if maybe wishing their kids had skipped school today, too.

Why, Mom, why?

Because, dear, there are real zombies here. In there, in your school

Autumn watched as soldiers, big men dressed all in black, stormed through the gym doors at the back of the school. There were more barriers in front of the main doors, and broken glass in some of the upstairs windows.

She thought of Mr. Standish, the principal and the stopwatch he used between classes to make sure students got to class on time. She thought of Mr. Skiver, her Social Skills teacher.

And April, little April with her red hair and pink book bag.

April? Mom? Is April

Her mother shook her head. We wont know anything, Autumn, but the cops said that anyone still inside was was either dead or a zombie.

And April?

Shes not out here, honey. Im Im sorry

Autumn stood, shoulder to shoulder with the crowd, and looked up at Catfish Cove High. She should have felt sorrow, or fear, or shame, but she felt only relief. Relief that a movie about fake zombies had saved her from becoming one herself


* * * * *


Story # 18:
Ditching Detention



Bonnie looked at the detention slip in her hand and made a small, slight, tssking sound with her tongue. She hated detention with a passion, but she just couldnt manage to stay out of trouble. 

Maybe it was because she was bored with school, or just Catfish Cove High school, or maybe just plain Catfish Cove.

The detention slip was crinkled and worn, no surprise there since she got it all the way back in homeroom when Jeremy Chippendale kept tapping her on the shoulder. Was it her fault she turned around and smacked him in the ear? Wouldnt YOU?

Of course, her teacher Mr. Whiffle yanked off another pink detention form from his dwindling pad, scribbled in Bonnies name without even looking down and handed it to her with that smug, self-satisfied smile of his. 

I should just get a rubber stamp made, Bonnie, he joked to the enjoyment of the entire class, save me the strain of having to fill so many of these out. As if to emphasize how much of a loser she was, Mr. Whiffle waved his hand in the air like it was sprained or something. 

At the time, Bonnies face had flared red. She blushed now, just thinking about it. Stupid Mr. Whiffle and his stupid detention pad and stupid Jeremy Chippendale with his stupid pencil that loved to tap on her shoulder until he finally got a rise out of her. 

Why didnt HE ever get detention?

The Detention Room was up the hall and to the left, but she lingered in the hallway as other students grabbed their backpacks and folders and headed for the bus loop or student parking lot.

They swirled around her like cattle in a stampede, bustling and pushing and shoving and shouting and texting and spilling out of the school as she stood there, left behind as usual.  

She was hungry and tired and there were about a bazillion better things she could be doing rather than listening to Dean Winters rattle on for 20 minutes about the rules for Detention.

She shivered just thinking about it, leaning down to grab a sip of water from the fountain at the end of C-Wing. She was just standing there, taking a drink, when someone bumped into her from behind. She nearly chipped her front tooth on the faucet and turned, cursing, to find a tall, skinny dude shuffling away.

Hey, she cried out, touching her lip gingerly with her fingers. Already she could tell it was getting puffy and, when she pulled her finger back, there was blood.

Blood. Actual blood.

HER blood!

The dude kept walking but she followed, a few steps behind, quickly catching up as the dude lurched forward like he was sick or something. 

Hey, creep! she shouted, blood still sticky  HER blood  on the tip of her finger. Look where youre going.

He stopped, cocked his head, and gradually turned. Slowly, so slowly. She just wanted to shake him and yank him around, but he looked odd. Off, or something. She didnt dare touch him.

And when at last hed turned to face her, Bonnie froze in place. His skin was gray and there was a smear on his chin that could have been blood. No, no, it had to be blood. What else could it be? 

His eyes were hooded and yellow and his nostrils flared as he sniffed her from three feet away. He looked bigger now than he had from behind, bigger and grayer and uglier and meaner. 

The fight went out of her, quickly, all those recent headlines about zombie infestations at schools all over the country filling her head. Hadnt there been one in North Carolina last month? And, what, South Carolina last week? Those both seemed so distant but now, staring at this gray, hulking, blood-on-his-chin creep, they didnt seem so far away at all. 

She fumbled in her purse, backing up step by step as he stood there, tall and gray and sniffing. Sniffing, sniffing her, like she was something good and ripe and smart to eat. 

She found a ballpoint pen at the bottom of her purse, pink and glittery (of course!), and held it up like a weapon. Back off, she growled, feeling a little silly now that shed calmed down. After all, the dude could have just been sick, and eaten some chocolate pudding, or had a cold or something.

Please, please, please have a cold or something, she thought to herself as she stood, pen in hand, waiting for something anything to happen. 

He wasnt walking toward her, wasnt growling or begging for her brains! Fact is, he wasnt doing much of anything at all!

Hey, she said, waving the pink, glittery pen but staying put. Dude, can you hear me?

He inched forward, grunting, a vacant look in her eyes. The closer he got, the less and less the dark stain on his chin looked like pudding. Bonnie took a step back. Okay, okay, chill dude, you can hear me. What whats your name?

He didnt look familiar, and she made it a habit to know all the guys in school. Not know them, know them, in the biblical sense per se, but just to be aware of potential boyfriend material, thats all. Particularly the tall ones; she liked the tall ones. Not so much the gray ones with yellow teeth and vacant, black eyes and pudding stains on their chins, but he WAS tall.

Shed give him that. 

But this guy? Nope; tall or not, shed never seen him before. He stood there, blankly, looking at her. His hair was shoulder length, blond and greasy. He wore black jeans and a gray tank top that was almost the color of his skin. He was thin, but wiry. 

Finally, he spoke. Gary, he said. I think I think thats my name.

She took another step back without even realizing it. His voice was cold; it sounded cold, it felt cold, even from a few feet away. Deep and hoarse, like hed been screaming for days  or smoking for years  or both. And he looked too young for that.

Okay, Gary, well watch where youre going. Her voice sounded soft and thin, almost girlish, in comparison. 

Shed almost forgotten why she stopped him in the first place, but the taste of fresh blood from her lip suddenly reminded her. She rubbed it, again, finding less blood this time.

When she looked back at Gary, he had crept closer to her. And now he was looking at her finger, too. But differently than she was; he was staring at it hungrily. 

Licking his lips. Flaring his nostrils appreciatively. Sniffing her, sniffing it. The blood, in the air, on her finger. 

She gulped and turned around, but realized she was at the end of the hall. The only way out was through the cafeteria, and those doors were already locked down tight for the night. 

She tried them anyway, rattling the red double doors with the metal handles, but they jingled and jangled with the sounds of the chains double bolted on the other side.

She turned to find Gary inching forward, his legs awkward and jangly, like he couldnt quite remember how they worked but couldnt wait to reach her at the same time. 

Bonnie stood, her back to the cafeteria doors, trapped, rummaging through her purse. The pen wouldnt work.He was too big and she was too scared to use it anyway. 

Her lipstick? No. 

Mirror? No. 

Then she found the tin of breath mints she used whenever a cute guy sat in front of her in class. It didnt happen often, apparently, as there were plenty left in the tin! 

As he shuffled forward she threw them at his feet. They were red and white, cinnamon and round, and though he didnt move very fast he kept moving. He stepped on one, then two, arms reaching out to steady himself as his feet flew out from beneath him. 

He fell on his back with a sickening thud as his head hit the linoleum floor, something greasy or mushy or bloody making squishing noises as he struggled to get back up.

She sprinted past him, his hands flailing for her sneakers but she beat them back with her backpack. She didnt turn until she was at the other end of the hall, watching him squirm on his back like a beetle who couldnt figure out how to turn over.

She leaned against the wall, watching from afar, still clutching the empty breath mint tin in her hand. She heard footsteps down the hall, turned to the right and saw Dean Winters standing in front of the Detention Room.

Her first instinct was to scream out, to warn him, but to her left was the schools main entrance, open and inviting, begging her to run, to run away and leave Gary and his bloody chin and gray skin behind.

She chose left, and was home before the first news bulletin broke into her mothers favorite soap opera. When she saw it, saw the school in the background, the reporter standing there in front of the doors shed bolted through, Bonnie didnt even have to hear what he was saying to start screaming.

It took hours for her mother to get her to stop



* * * * *


Story # 19:
The Aftermath




The reporter fiddles with his digital recorder. Its sleek and shiny, about the size of a thumb drive, which is appropriate seeing as hes all thumbs as he tries to get it to work. 

Once, nope. Twice, not quite. Three times there we go.

Hes young, cant be more than 21- or 22-years-old, and cute in a preppy, khaki pants and no socks under his leather loafers kind of way. A boxers not briefs kind of guy, for sure. 

He looks like hed probably be a great lab partner, but maybe not such a super duper blind date. 

His necks a little too long and there are finger smudges on his glass lenses, but hes human and, at this point, thats pretty much off the scale hot as far as Im concerned.

Mom sits nearby, fiddling with the clasp of her big blue purse while she troubles another damp tissue. I keep shooting her Im okay, really Mom looks but I know she doesnt believe me. It would help if I wasnt still dripping wet from the fumigation shower and wearing hospital scrubs and paper slippers on my feet.

Maybe if I was wearing my regular, teenage clothes shed believe I was going to be okay. Heck, maybe Id even believe it, too. 

Contamination, theyd said as they hosed me down, powerful jets of bleachy, chlorine-y smelling water stinging my body. Just want to make sure youre all you, you know? Not bringing anything along for the ride.

I smiled, blinking back tears, wanting to ask if there was some way to decontaminate my brain, make it so I could forget everything Id just seen.

Everything Id just done. 

Now Im sitting in the back of some converted 18-wheeler behind the school, all sterile and rigged with lights and air conditioning and fold-up picnic tables. 

Theyve been debriefing me for hours, and its dark out, now, but the reporter from the local paper promised Id get to tell my side of the story, so Ive agreed to stay a little longer.

That, and theyve been pumping me full of hot coffee and vending machine cupcakes ever since I walked in, so Im pretty much wired for anything at this point.

Preppy guy finally gets his recorder working and looks across the fold-up picnic table at me. Can you state your name so I get it right in tomorrows paper.

Michelle, I say, a little hoarse.

He looks up, noticing. From all the crying, I explain. 

He nods. Can you spell it?

Crying? Thatd be C-R-Y Then I snort and his frown turns into a half-hearted smile. 

I spell my name and he nods. What class were you in when the outbreak started?

Already, I have to correct him. Well, technically school was out for the day, so I wasnt really in class. But Im office aide 7th period, and I always like to test the equipment before the morning announcements the next day before I leave.

Hes nodding, the little recorder on my side of the table, scribbling notes in a little black book on his side. I wait until hes done, and remind myself to speak more slowly next time he asks me a question. Nothing worse than a blabbermouth firing off words at 55 sentences per second when youre trying to take notes.

I should know; I have to dictate for Principal Standish sometimes and, man, that dude can talk fast!

Prep Boy looks up, almost greedily, green eyes on fire behind his smudged glasses. And when did the first zombie break into the front office?

Well, thats just it, I spit, instantly forgetting my promise and rushing through the tale. They were already in the office when the outbreak started.

He makes this little, vaguely unattractive, squinty face at me, like this is a worse story than how he imagined it. Like maybe I should try and rewrite my version so itll sound a little better. 

How do you mean? I thought

Principal Standish has this zero tardiness policy, I interject before he can get his tighty-whities in any more of a wad, and hes real strict about it. So, I guess, he went around gathering all these stray students who were wandering the halls tardy for class.

The reporter stops scribbling, looks up at me. Well, how many were there?

I shrug, the stiff medical scrubs they gave me feeling scratchy on my cold, decontaminated skin. Only three or four, at first.

He cocks a bushy brown eyebrow. At first?

Well, I wasnt really paying attention because the announcements room is just off the office, in this little soundproof studio thingie, but some of the dudes he was bringing in were pretty cute so

Cute? His face shrivels, his eyes get beady and I notice, lips parted, that his teeth are too small. Werent they all zombies? How how could a zombie be cute?

I take about my 435th sip of coffee since I escaped from the school. Hey, dont judge. I didnt know that then. I mean, at first, they just kind of looked sick. Cant a cute boy get sick? And still be cute? After a beat I ask, And who says a zombie cant be cute?!?

Im actually kind of expecting an answer from him, but Reporter Boy must assume the question is rhetorical because he just sits there, pen in hand, waiting for me to get to the good part.

I sigh and give him what he wants: Anyway, more started coming. I guess they smelled each other, or us, or both, whatever. There are these six chairs outside of Standishs office, and they were full, and so a few were standing.

He nods, head down, scribbling furiously. And? he says, not even looking up at me anymore, using his free hand to make that rolling Hurry up motion. Like maybe Im taking too long. Like maybe I should have rehearsed this by now, so his job would be easier. Like maybe Im not still, you know, in S-H-O-C-K. 

I give my mom a kind of do you believe this guy? look and dig back in: Well, nothing much really happened until Chuck Akers showed up just toward the end of the day. He does that, sometimes. Hes a big deal around here, starting QB for the football team, always wearing his lettermans jacket, whatever. He likes to spend the last twenty minutes or so just killing time in the front office, plus it doesnt hurt that the new secretary, Ms. Bascomb, is major hot and he totally has a straight-up MILF crush on her, so

Mom finally speaks up. Michelle!

Sorry, Mom, its true.

The reporter gives Mom a funny look and then, back to me, Lets just stick to the zombies, huh Melissa?

I give mom another you see what I mean about this dude? look. She just sits there, big fat purse on her lap, a soft brown hand clutching one side and the other wrapped around a used tissue. 

Michelle, I correct him. 

He nods. No sorry, no nothing. 

I sigh and say, I AM telling you about the zombies, because this is when it started. Chuck was doing his whole look at me Im king of the world deal, strutting around in his tight jeans, when he bumped into one of the zombies. Or wannabe zombies or whatever they were. The dude growled, Chuck pushed him and, boom, the zombie just dove right in and took a chunk out of Chucks shoulder. Bit right through the leather sleeve of his lettermans jacket and came back with a chunk of flesh, even a little bone, it looked like.

Preppy Boy looks up from his notes, literally licking his lips. And you saw all this?

I kind of avoid his eyes as I confess, Well, not at first.

Then, before he can flash those disappointed green eyes at me I say, But I heard the tussle between zombie boy and looked up just in time to see half of Chucks passing arm get gnawed off. Next thing I know, Chuck is projectile vomiting all over the new secretarys silk blouse, shes screaming, and he reaches out and yanks her arm right. The. Hell. OFF!

Michelle!

Sorry, Mom, but thats what happened. After that, Principal Standish had me turn on the morning announcement video equipment and thats when he started screaming about the outbreak to anyone who would listen...

I notice Im breathing a little heavy, and that my fists are clenched. I look over at Mom and she seems blurry. I wipe my eyes and suddenly its much better.

The only sound in the room now is me sniffling, just a bit, and reporter dude scribbling in his pad. He looks up, stretches his thumb  it must be pretty sore after all that note taking  and squints at me.

Howd YOU get out? His voice is vaguely accusatory, like hed rather ask, Why did you get out? Or even, Why didnt you stay behind and help save about a hundred of your fellow classmates?

Or maybe thats just me, and the questions Ill be asking myself for, oh, the next 70 or 80 years or so.

I show him the bandage around my sprained ankle, the scrapes all over my arms. I dove out the window, just like everyone else who survived

He nods and thanks me, shoving everything off the fold up table and into a messenger bag. 

I look up at him, expecting a smile on his way by, or a handshake or a quick thank you, just to be polite or something. Nothing. He walks past my Mom and I without a backward glance.

Dont you want to hear the rest? I ask, watching him pause in his tracks. Just beyond him, lounging in a kind of temporary cubicle midway down the length of the big truck, are a couple of soldiers.

I watch them perk up as I raise my voice. But its not the volume that has them on high alert, so much as the tone. The deep, scratchy tone that is as cold as my skin. The tone theyve heard so often today, from so many of the others.

Preppy Boy doesnt notice. Not yet. But he is inching his way back, hurrying now, suddenly all smiles. What rest? he asks, slipping back behind the table, his eyes greedy behind those smudged glasses.

I look at Mom, eyes still big and shiny, a fresh tissue in her hand. I cant I turn to the soldiers and say, Can you can you get her out of here? I dont I turn back to Mom, reaching over to squeeze her knee. I dont want you to hear this part.

She looks at me, eyes wise and sad. Sure, baby, she says, touching my hand, flinching suddenly at the temperature. But when youre through, Im right outside. Well run by the drug store, huh? Get you some cold medicine. I think I think youre coming down with something.

I nod, gritting my teeth to keep my chin from quivering, fighting back the tears. She seems to sense it, and pauses, clutching her big purse to her big bosom. And then when we get home later, well make popcorn and watch something funny, okay?

I nod, knowing there will never be a later, Ill never eat another kernel of popcorn and nothing will seem funny ever again. 

The soldiers are there now, behind her, helping her along, gentle with her, but fast, too. One stays behind as they shuffle her out the door and down the steps. Away from me. Away forever. 

Sir, says the last soldier, extending a gloved hand to the reporter. I think I think its best if you come with me now.

Why? he looks up at the soldier, a little impatient and a lot clueless. Im sitting on the scoop of my life here, pal, so if you

The soldier looks at me, not smiling, but kind of saying, Its up to you what I should do with this clown.

I nod, growing colder by the moment. Colder and hungrier.

You you should probably stay, just in case. I look at the gun in his holster. And that should probably be out. I dont I dont know what comes next.

He nods, like maybe he forgot all about the holster, and points the gun at me. Or, at least, near me. I do, he says, almost comfortingly. I know what comes next. Ill be ready.

I nod. At least one of us will.

What whats going on? asks Preppy Boy, waving to get my attention, like Im the waitress at some greasy spoon.

The soldier kicks his chair, scooting it over an inch. Preppy Boys cheeks flush red as he looks up at him, snarling quietly. Shes trying to tell you something, the soldier barks, gun in his hand. She doesnt she doesnt have much time. So you should probably listen.

Thats when it dawns on him. He turns back to me, pushing his glasses up with a finger on each side and suddenly I think, Oh, so thats why they have smudges there.

You mean he stammers. You youre a?

Its probably better if you dont say it, I sigh, feeling slightly hungry. But not too much. After all, Ive already fed or I wouldnt be able to sit here, talking to him like this. I feel guilty enough, after everything I did back in the office.

But How? I mean, the soldiers, the decontamination, the inspection? How did you make it through all that?

I shrug, hearing my hospital scrubs creak. What looked like a scrape might have been a bite, or two. And that decontamination, well, it only really works if you havent fed yet.

Fed? he asks.

You know, I smile, recalling my first taste. Back there, in the front office. Poor Ms. Bascomb, she tasted so fresh. If you havent eaten a human brain already.

Then you have? He reaches for his tape recorder but I still him with a cold, graying hand on his forearm.

There isnt time for that, anymore, I say, and he yanks his arm away, quick, like you will from a lit burner on the stove.

But how how can you sit here? Like this? And talk, and think, and control yourself?

I flick my eyes to the soldier, now standing behind Preppy Boy. You can ask him later, once youre safe. For now, I just thought, I thought youd like to know what its like, from one of us

He nods, suddenly attentive. I smile. 

Us? he asks.

You know, I groan, voice sounding hoarse and cold, even to myself. One of the living dead



* * * * *


Story # 20:
Swarmed




I wipe the sweat out of my eyes and grab another soccer ball from the giant mesh bag at my feet. There are about seven balls inside the goal, and four more sitting on the grass field just to the left of it. 

Even though Im all alone, I can still hear Coach Mulligans voice screaming in my ear with every kick: More power, Tonya! More! Power! You can do it, Tonya! You! Can! Do! It!!!

(Yes, he really does use all. Those! Exclamation! Points!!!)

I try, I really do, but the more power I put behind each new kick, the more each soccer ball veers off to the left. I have no idea why, and thats why Im out here, an hour after everyone else has gone home from school, practicing my power kicks.

One after the other after the other. 

The sweat stings my eyes but Im used to it by now and, besides, the suns gone down a lot since school let out. There is a nice breeze, the fields empty and its just me out here. Im like a lone warrior, doing battle with this frickin soccer goal and it is. Kicking! My! ASS!!! (She says in her best Coach Mulligan voice.)

Its kind of nice, actually. The solitude, the fresh air, the sweat on my skin, the soreness in my legs, just me and the goal. That is, if I didnt have notes to prepare for Chem Lab tomorrow and that oral report due in Sociology next Monday and about 1,500 chores waiting on me at home.

Still, the quiet time is nice. God knows my sisters home from middle school by now, raising a ruckus when she sees Moms redecorated her room  again.

So, yeah, alone time + quiet time = good time.

I just wished all the balls could land inside the stupid net. Weve got that game against Central coming up next week, and I really want to start this time, and no way is that happening if I cant score 10 goals out of 10, consistently.

I kick another ball, it goes in, and I start to feel good. Really good, like maybe this could happen. Like this could be it, the vibe, the rush, the rally Ive been waiting for.

Then I kick two more, quick like that, and both land, again, just to the left of goal. Literally, like... right next to each other. 

I reach for the mesh bag Coach lent me to practice with and find it empty. I groan, drag a sweaty arm across my dirty forehead and run past the goal, gathering up all the balls that didnt quite score and slipping them inside the bag. Then I grab the balls inside the goal and shove them in as well.

Im reaching for the last one, the bag full to bursting and nearly twice my size by now, when I feel the rumbling on the grass field beneath my sweaty fingers.

I put my hand against the grass and it gets even thicker, like a freight train right beneath the surface of the practice field. Its like a herd of buffalo approaching, but that cant be.

A second later I hear the roar of engines and, I dont know why, but I duck, crouching behind the massive bag of soccer balls like a cowboy hiding behind his horse. (Its almost as big and Im just about as sweaty!)

Just as Im peering over the top of the mesh bag, feeling slightly  okay, completely  ridiculous, I notice the first black truck. Its massive, with all kinds of wheels and bars over the windows and tinted windows and antennae wiggling and dangling from the roof.

Its on Bayside Drive, the street just beyond the back of the school, rumbling along when suddenly the driver slices left and leaps onto the practice field itself.

Right. Onto. The. Field!

The great, giant wheels tear up turf and rumble over the extra hurdles the track team never yanked back into the gym after practice and come about as close to the goal stands as you can without actually plowing right thought them.

I let out a little eek and cover my head, grass and turf landing  and sticking  everywhere; on my sweaty arms, my sweaty calves, the back of my sweaty neck and all up in my ponytail. 

I almost stand, instinctively, to scrape it all off but this close to the ground, using the giant mesh sack of soccer balls as cover, I can feel more rumbling coming; lots more. Thicker, louder, rumbling as they get closer and closer. 

One, two, three more massive black trucks grind onto and over the practice fields, each coming closer than the next to literally driving over me without even looking down.

I watch as the last one passes, the rumbling growing distant as it parks, next to the others, just behind the Harrington High School gym.

They just sit there like that for a minute, engines ticking, backsides rocking with the momentum of their assault, four massive trucks lined up in a row. 

Then, as if on cue, the doors all open at once and soldiers, all in stiff blue fatigues, storm out. We went to the circus last year, as a family, one of those we need to do more things together evenings my Mom cooks up every few months when some womens magazine article has made her feel guilty or doubt her parenting skills or whatever.

It was pretty lame, though we each got our own cotton candy, which was pretty cool not having to share with my little sister. Anyway, there was this one act where a little tiny car pulled up into the middle of the big center ring, sat there for a minute, then the door opened and one by one, all these clowns got out. 

At first, just like one or two, then we kept counting and it was fifteen or so by the end. I couldnt believe it, and thats kind of what Im thinking now as this army of soldiers streams out of these four trucks.

And these are big dudes, too. Most of them six feet tall or more, a couple hundred pounds with guns clacking and packs thick on their backs and big, leather boots pounding the practice field as they stream toward the back of the school.

I cant imagine what theyre doing here, and as they fan out around the back of the building, pairing up and looking left and right, I inch down behind my mesh bag camouflage and watch from what I hope is a safe vantage point.

But its not; not really. Two of them, big suckers, too, all dressed in blue, skin gray like theyre wearing makeup or something, head over to me. Theyre coming slow, and I could probably run, but theyre carrying guns, big ones, and Im not that fast. 

Just ask Coach Mulligan!

I hunker down, wondering what I should do, as I hear the grass of the soccer field crunching beneath their sleek, black boots. I risk a glance over the sack of soccer balls and theyre both staring right at me!

Their eyes are yellowish, like maybe theyre sick or wearing contacts but they dont really seem to be looking at me, maybe just past me. Then they slow down and I hear sniffing noises, but Im too afraid to look over and see what  or who  theyre sniffing.

Grass crunches so close I can almost smell shoe leather when, suddenly, glass shatters back at the school. More grass crunches and I can sense the soldiers turning when I risk a peek above the mesh of my hiding spot. Sunlight catches on falling glass as hands, bloody hands, and lots of them, wave from the third floor Chem Lab window.

The men, the soldiers, run toward the school. They all do. Everyone converges below the window and, shocked at whats happening, I finally stand from behind my hiding place. 

The hands inside the broken Chem Lab window are attached to arms, bloody arms, attached to faces; bloody faces. I recognize a few from the Math-a-Letes club. Missy Lamkins and Foster Clark and Tyrone Wallace, but what are they doing in the Chem Lab?

Just then Mary Sinclair shoves her face through the crowd and screams, Zombies! There are zombies in here!!! HELP! US!!!

I smirk. This is some kind of elaborate prank, I figure. Somebody making a YouTube video for AV Club or something. But, I dunno, the blood sure looks real and, as dramatic as Mary Sinclair can get reading the announcements in the morning, she sounds pretty believable right about now.

The soldiers look up at the window, then at each other, and then raise their guns. Mary Sinclair screams as the first shots ring out, the sound of shattering glass and crunching grass under my feet drowning her out as I run, run, run for home. 

Across the playing field, down Bayside Drive toward our apartment complex, my kleets loud on the deserted highway, cop cars racing in the opposite direction as I flee, faster than Ive ever run, long past tears and my breath ragged and wheezing before I finally fall down in the cul de sac outside our apartments, grass between my teeth as I gasp and scream into the dirt.

And I wait, just lying there, for the rumbling to come. For the ground to vibrate beneath my wet, muddy cheek, for the trucks to squeal around the corner and empty on my lawn and gun me down as well.

But when they dont, when they never do, I get up. And thats how I know, thats the only way I know, Im not a zombie.

At least, not yet



* * * * * 


Story # 21:
Born Lucky



How did you find me?

He stands, just inside the warehouse door, grey eyes quietly illuminated in the darkness beyond.

I hold up a little metal cross, about the size of my thumbprint, one of about a dozen lying around the warehouse door. You have these in the bottom of your shoes most every day, I tell him.

He blinks his gray eyes, inching forward. Its still early, the light at my back an almost purple shade of blue and orange. I do?

I nod, readjusting the backpack strap on my shoulder. Yeah, you do. Can I come in?

He blinks again, slowly, like he does most everything. I still dont see how that led you here.

My Dad worked in this warehouse for almost twenty years. These little things followed him home most every day. They got in the carpet, in the garage, scratched up Moms hardwood floors something awful. Shed call him Jesus sometimes, because she said he was always dragging home a cross or two.

The memory brings a smile to my face. I cant remember the last time Ive talked about them, either of them. 

He sighs. I thought I was being so careful.

I dont know what the big deal is, I say, when he finally steps inside, leaving the door wide enough for me to follow. So what if a Normal knows where you live?

He shuts the door behind us, bolting it six ways to Sunday. Not all Normals are like you Mindy.

I smile. He remembers my name. Well, almost. Then I remember, its on my Nightshade High Student ID Badge. Mandy, I correct him gently, looking around the place.

Hes got the whole warehouse to himself, but hes kind of living in the northeast corner, where a small office used to be. A small lantern sits on the floor, behind an umbrella. I stand near it and ask, Whats with this?

He nods toward the blacked out window in the office door. Its so you cant see the light outside, but I can still see inside.

Smart, I say.

Were not all dummies, he snaps.

I arch an eyebrow because, undead attitude much? Did I say you were?

He looks me up, then down, then up again. Hes still in his Zombie Employment Department, or Z.E.D., uniform. Its garbage truck green with yellow stripes down the side, so you can spot them more easily. Like youd miss Calvin and his cement gray skin, yellow teeth and black-gray eyes.

Hes not tall but hes taller than me, and wiry, like so many of them are, with about zero-percent body fat and 100% muscle. The custodians uniform sags off him, and his leather boots are too big.

There is a chair facing the lamp, and I hear bagpipe music playing somewhere. I scour the cleanly swept warehouse floor until I spot a radio on an overturned milk crate. Figures, its St. Patricks Day, and the only radio station in town has been playing bagpipe music, or fiddle music, or bagpipe and fiddle music, since I got up this morning.

Then again, if it wasnt, I wouldnt be here.

What are you doing here? he asks, as if reading my mind. 

I sling the backpack around and hold it up in front of him. Happy St. Patricks Day, Calvin! I beam, just like Id practiced about 100 times in front of the mirror in my room back at the Shelter this morning before school.

Whats so happy about it? he asks, slumping into his chair and not offering me a place to sit. I drag over another milk crate, flip it over and slide down next to him anyway.

Ive come this far, no grumpy zombie is going to stop me now. 

You know, I say, nudging his knee. He growls a little, but doesnt move. I nod, hands up in a surrender stance. Tonight you get to stay out past curfew.

He arches one eyebrow, rich and black against his smooth, gray skin. I bet, once upon a time, he was handsome. I try to picture him alive, with full skin, young muscles, thick hair, green eyes. I wonder what he was like, back then. I wonder how it happened.

Maybe, if this whole plan works, hell tell me one day.

If we live that long.  

Who says? he asks.

Everybody, I say, tempted to nudge him again but stopping myself at the last minute. Its pretty much an unwritten rule that as long as you dress up in all green, and behave, no one can tell whether youre a zombie or not.

He frowns his zombie frown. Ive never heard that before.

Cuz you live like a hermit, thats why.

None of the other ZED workers said anything about it.

He sounds almost hurt, like maybe they were hiding it from him or something.

Well, if youre a downer like this all the time, why would they?

He stares back at me, unblinking. I sigh and plop the backpack down between us, unzipping it to reveal his present: a goofy green clown wig, green face and hand paint, a long sleeve Kiss Me Im Irish T-shirt and green track pants with white stripes up the sides (no yellow).

Whos that for? he asks, frowning.

You, I say, sliding out an identical, if smaller, version of the same get-up. And this one is for me.

He looks away, as another Irish song plays on the radio, sounding just like the first one. Or maybe it IS still the first one, I cant tell anymore. Why are you here again?

I stand, so he can see me, pacing in front of him. He looks up, smirking. Dont you want to get out of here? I ask, twirling around in the vast, open space of the old washing machine manufacturer. Dont you want to walk the streets after dark, see which other zombies are out there, strolling around town?

Not particularly, no, he lies, long, gray fingers fiddling with the knees of his work jumpsuit.

I slump back down onto the milk crate, puffing out my lower lip, working my trembling chin, giving him the full treatment. He fidgets in his seat, trying to avoid looking at me as long as possible, before finally turning to me, gray eyes soft and wide. 

What what are you doing?

I just, well, I thought I was doing a good thing, tracking you down, inviting you out. I thought I thought you were a good guy. Now youre just like all the rest

Im not a guy, he says, softly, looking at the ground. 

Yeah, you are. Just because youre undead doesnt mean you dont deserve a little fun now and then.

He looks up at me. Yeah, it kind of does. Ive done Ive done bad things. To people. To people who are no longer here, or if they are, wish they werent.

I look back at him, blinking. Stupid zombies, they think theyre the only ones affected by an outbreak. You think I havent? You think Im here because I didnt slice and dice my way through about two dozen of you?

He sits back in his chair a little. I notice its a beach chair, and it creaks whenever he moves. So, if you hate zombies so much, why are you

I groan and yank on one of my red pigtails. I dont hate zombies, dude. Would I be here if I hated zombies? I just said, the world being what it is, weve all done bad things to each other. Tonight is about forgetting all that, getting dressed up so nobody knows who, or what, you are, and going out on the town. So, are you in or what?

He sighs, and finally shrugs. You you can change in there.

He points, one large bony finger directing me to a kind of office with a door. I clap my hands and take my outfit and slink inside, slipping out in under five minutes. Unfortunately, I forgot that zombies are slow ass zombies and hes still slipping into his track pantts, so I get a shot of the tighty-whities stretched across his bony gray butt cheeks. (Thank God hes not going commando or, Jesus, I dont think Id be here writing this today!)

Oh, I grunt, blushing, before slipping back into the office. I wait a few ticks then, just as Im getting anxious, hear a slight tapping on the door. I poke my head out and hes standing there, green track pants on, green shirt on, even the wig.

Perfect, I gush, dipping my fingertips into the can of green grease paint I brought and carefully applying it all over his gray skin. Theres not much showing, his hands, his neck above the crew neck collar of his green T-shirt, his face. I cover it liberally and then dab out the rest until every inch of him, head to toe and back again, is covered in green.

Do you have a mirror? I ask.

He shakes his head, touching his green face with his green fingers. Dont muss it, I fuss at him, then reach for my purse. I keep my compact in one hand and smear the green paint all over my face with the other. Its heavier than I thought, and I know its going to give me zits and Ill break out in a few days.

But, then again not if this all works out like I hope it does.

I put the compact away and cover my own hands, and look up at him, slipping my fuzzy green wig on. Its like clown hair, curly and floppy, but green. Now we match.

He sighs. Not quite, and I know he means about the whole living versus living dead thing. 

Okay, okay, I say, leaving my backpack behind. Are you ready?

He pauses at the door, fingers hovering over the handle. Are you sure about this?

I turn to him, putting a green hand on his green shirt. Im not trapping you, Calvin.

He cocks his head, a little grease paint dabbing on the lighter green of his T-shirt. I imagine well both be covered in this crap by the end of the night. How how did you know my name?

I jerk a thumb back to a coat rack by the door, where his Z.E.D. nametag hangs from the front of his jumpsuit. But I knew it long before tonight, and something in his eyes  his cold, gray eyes  tells me he already knew that.

But he nods, and we walk through the door. Its dark out now, and a half-moon dots the cloudy sky above. Even though were on the outskirts of town, and will have to walk through several heavily wooded areas to get to Nightshade proper, you can hear the festival atmosphere in the air already. Bagpipes, of course, distant but clear.

I guess it makes sense. Ever since Halloween was outlawed after the Great Trick or Treat Outbreak of 1217, St. Patricks Day is pretty much the new Halloween. 

It didnt hurt that it was an Irishman who invented the new copper nightstick that is all the rage now, and helped turn the tide in the Great Zombie Versus Militia War of 1218. So, add Irish as heroes plus no Halloween and what you get is one very energetic St. Patricks Day tradition. 

We walk through the woods, silently, side by side. The closer we get to town, the louder the music gets. It sounds live, spotty on the wind, getting louder or softer depending on which way the breeze is blowing.

March is still chilly in North Carolina, and I kind of wish Id brought a hoodie. But then we wouldnt match, and that would kind of defeat the purpose. 

What about the checkpoint? he asks, halfway to town, strings of little green lights strung around the light posts. 

Theyre usually mobbed by now, I say, from experience. So it shouldnt be an issue.

How do you know so much about St. Patricks Day? he asks, shoulder brushing mine on accident as we swerve between the tight trees on the edge of town.

Because Ive been planning this for a whole year, I think, but dont say. Out loud I tell him, My roommate at the shelter is one of the organizers of this years event. 

He nods but, like the nametag moment, I dont think he quite believes me. We walk and, as we near the checkpoint at the edge of town, he inches closer to me, our shoulders brushing against one another more and more frequently.

The music is louder now, and I realize the guard at the gate shack is playing some as well. There is a cluster of partygoers, older kids, mostly, from the outskirts of town. They cluster around, cheering, jeering, most of them drunk already.

We inch closer, the guard laughing at something a cute blonde in a tight Sexy Leprechaun costume has said. Hes laughing so hard, so long, staring at her bazongas that, just like that, we slip past.

He waits until were closer to town to say, Wow. I thought you were kidding. 

I look over at him, goofy green clown wig bouncing all over, face covered in green, and smile. Feel better now?

He starts to answer when a shot rings out, and he flinches, crouching low, eyes wide as I join him. There are people near us, doing the same thing, gaudy plastic gold shamrock necklaces clinking as they hover and shake. Then someone laughs, then someone else, and more pop-pop-pops sound and someone else says, relief splashed all over his voice, Its fireworks!

We stand and Calvin says, Fun.

Im Im sorry about that, I say, because Ive been so selfish, I havent stopped to think what it might feel like for Calvin to come out with all of us.

Its okay, he sighs, wig flopping as he nods. Im used to it.

I see my shelter up the street, and grab his hand. I want to show you something, I say, and he lets me guide him along. The crowd is thicker here, were getting closer to downtown.

The restaurants are open past curfew tonight, and people in green felt hats and green and white stockings stumble around, pinching those stupid enough not to wear green.

The Oxford Street Shelter for Displaced Women is really just an abandoned hotel, left empty when so many of Nightshades citizens died in the Great Carolina Outbreak of 2016. 

I live there now, on the third floor, in a room of my own. Its depressing as hell; the room, the floor, the whole damn place. We stand in front of it, the only place in Nightshade NOT hopping tonight.

Is this where you live? he asks.

I nod, looking over at him, sad as I can.

Where where are your parents? Your family?

I answer half his question, anyway: Long gone, Calvin. Like all the other girls who live here.

I take his hand and lead him across the street, blocked off for the party, jammed with people drinking out of cheap plastic beer mugs and jingling their blinking shamrock necklaces. The coffee shop I like, Dollys Donuts, is over there, across from the Shelter. We go inside and its empty because, duh, no alcohol. 

Its quiet, after the crowded street and live bands and laughing crowds. The woman behind the counter nods as I slip my credit badge across the counter. Two iced coffees, two shamrock donuts, please.

She smirks, a new face, probably because none of the regular cashiers wanted to work tonight. Youre lucky, got the last two.

I smile as she slides my badge through the computer terminal and peels off five quick credits. I only have about ten left, but Im hoping after tonight I wont need them anymore. At least, I dont think they take them where I want to go.

Calvin stands beside me, awkwardly, stiff as a board, as if the Reanimation Patrol are going to be here any minute. Relax, I tell him as we carry our tray over to a table for two in the corner. I told you, nobody cares who comes out tonight. The whole towns tired of staying alert. They just want to blow off steam, if only for one night.

He nods, sliding the coffee and donut in front of him even though we both know he cant eat it. 

I wish they served, you know I say, around a mouthful of thick cake donut smeared with bright green icing. 

Brains? he chuckles, then looks around as if anyone  meaning no one, since were all alone  might hear him.

I shrug. I feel bad eating all alone.

Ive already fed this week, he says. When I arch an eyebrow, coffee halfway to my lips, he explains, They make sure all the Z.E.D. workers are properly fed.

How how do you eat it?

Youre poking fun? he asks. The green has faded a little, from his face, or maybe its just the bright coffee shop lights highlighting some of the cold, gray skin I missed back in the warehouse. 

No, I say, reaching for his donut. I mean, if its the last food Ill ever eat, I want to be full, right? Even if it is full of carbs and spastic sugary green icing? Im genuinely curious.

He shrugs, toying with his straw. They blend it for us, like a smoothie.

We both make a face at the same time. Is that enough for you? I thought you guys needed live brains or something?

Theyre supposed to be live brains, but personally I think they water them down.

I chuckle, shoving my empty donut plate away. Maybe thats why youre so grumpy.

He sighs, shoving his iced coffee my way. We trade, when the cashiers not looking, so it looks like hes eaten something. Why are you so interested, anyway? Honestly, this is the weirdest night of my afterlife.

I snort, even though hes seriously serious. I just, Im not trying to be rude. I thought I could, I dunno, get to know you better or something.

He smirks, skin green gray now. Its like the grease paint is seeping into his dead pores or something. Jesus, I never thought of that. What is it, take your zombie to St. Patricks Day or something?

I dont smile or nod or shrug. Is it so wrong to reach out to you? I mean, you used to be a person, right? So pretend were both people. For one night, just this one night.

But were not, he flares, a little too loudly. Im not a person anymore, and you are, so we have nothing, absolutely nothing in common.

I ignore his vehemence, his flared nostrils. We go to the same school.

He clucks his dead tongue. No, Mandy, you go to school, and I clean your toilets. Theres, you know, kind of a difference.

I hold up my hands in surrender. Youre right, youre right. But, I can still want to know more about you.

What do you want to know? Huh? Is this a prank, like your friends are going to come in any minute and snap a picture and put it in the yearbook. Mandy Goes Out With a Zombie! I dont

I reach across, warm hand on his cold wrist. Im not pranking you, Calvin. I just like who were you, before this happened?

I wasnt Calvin, thats for sure.

Really?

No, thats the name they gave me at Z.E.D.

They do that?

They do whatever they want, and with those new stupid copper night sticks, they keep us all in line the best way they know how.

I nod. Somebody, somewhere, by accident probably, realized that zombies run on power. Not blood, not even the food they eat, but the electricity from the brains they crave. Electricity, pure electricity, thats their food; thats their blood.

To stop the power, to interrupt the electric current that keeps them alive, or re-alive, whatever, they threw copper pennies at them. It knocked the zombies out, for awhile. Now, with these new copper plated nightsticks, the zombies are pretty much powerless against anyone who has one. They only work at close range, but still, it beats taking your chances with swinging an axe or chainsaw or machete. 

So what was your name?

He shrugs. I dont remember, but I know for a fact it wasnt Calvin.

How do you know for a fact?

He looks back at me, grinning a little, revealing his big yellow teeth. I dont KNOW, know, I just feel it, you know?

I nod, even though I dont. What do you remember?

I remember high school. A little. I was a wrestler.

I squeal a little bit, getting a frigid look from the cashier. I knew it.

What? How?

Your height. Youre a good height for a wrestler.

He shakes his head. I wrestled, I had a girlfriend, she was pretty, until the Shufflers got the head of her cheerleading squad in the second outbreak. She turned, and I didnt know it, and I went up to her, to check on her, and

She did this to you? I ask.

Not her, he reminds me, as if defending her. What she became.

I nod. Like my parents, turning on each other. And then on my brother, Brandon, who tried to turn on me. 

But now, I mean, now that youve fed, and youre settled, have you seen her?

The Reanimation Patrol got her, he says, looking over my shoulder. They took her to the Z-Zone.

I sit up a little, an idea flickering to life. I I didnt know they still did that, I lie. I mean, ever since they found out you guys get docile after a few days, after your first brains, I thought they stopped doing that.

They did. But they sent her to the Z-Zone before they knew that, back in 2014, so

I nod, the same year they got Brandon. Hes still distracted, and I turn to see what hes looking at when suddenly the caf door opens. A chill wind wafts in, followed by three clowns dressed head to toe in green. Not actual, big feet, red nose clowns, but, you know clowns. Frat boys, jocks, whatever, clowns. 

Green ball caps, green glasses shaped like mugs full of green beer, green shamrock necklaces clattering around their necks, green vests, green cargo shorts.

Theyre drunk, stumbling, loud, singing, the open door letting in a blast of old Irish fiddle from the live band jamming Danny Boy in the town square.

Happy St. Patricks Day! one of them cheers, making a beeline for us. I can feel the tension in Calvins hands as they rest, palms down, on the table in front of him.

Wuzzup?!?! blasts another, following the first guy over.

The third stumbles along, quietly, eyes half-lidded behind his cheesy prank glasses.

The first one sits down, on my side, reeking of beer and cigarette smoke and corned beef and cabbage, which it looks like he may have thrown up all over his vest before getting a second wind and deciding to stumble into Dollys Donuts. 

Hey, darlin, he oozes. Hes older, college age, thick, farm fed, burly.

Hey pardner, shouts the other, red cheeked, sliding down next to Calvin. Calvin slides over, to avoid being touched. The kid notices, so does his friend. The third is lingering, still standing, watching Calvin closely.

This party sucks, says the Corned Beef and Cabbage Guy. Lame. Oh.

I agree, says his friend, sitting next to Calvin. We should shanghai these two kids, take em with us, show em what a good time really looks like.

Oh yeah? I ask, making conversation so Calvin wont have to. Where are you guys going?

Shuffler hunting!

I somehow manage not to flinch, or kick him in the gonads. Wow, sounds dangerous.

Corned Beef and Cabbage Guy makes a pfffttt sound, beer spit falling on my green T-shirt. No way. We hear theres a couple of them, out beyond the checkpoint, hiding out in the woods. We head out there, blast em full of shotgun pellets, watch em try to limp after us.

His friend, on Calvins side, nods. His shirt says Born Lucky inside of a gold four-leaf clover. Like shooting fish in a barrel, he grunts, between hearty burps that smell, amazingly, like corned beef and cabbage.

Lets go, says Corned Beef and Cabbage Guy, yanking on my sleeve. Come on, you guys come with us.

Yeah, says Born Lucky Shirt, reaching for Calvin. He backs up even more, but his chair is against the window now, so theres nowhere else for him to go. Drunk as they are, Born Lucky Shirt looks across the table at Corned Beef and Cabbage Guy with a knowing grin.

Hey

Out! shouts a feminine voice from behind as we all turn to find the cashier, still wearing her green Dollys Donuts apron. You three, out, now. I told you when you come in here this aint no pub, and I meant it.

The only reason Corned Beef and Cabbage Guy and Born Lucky Shirt Dude and their friend  who I have no cute name for, sorry  move is because Cashier Lady has a shotgun, twin barrels following them all the way to the door.

Happy St. Patricks Day! one of them shouts, voice full of warning, as he slides through the door. 

Calvin and I look at each other. You two better use the back door, she says, lowering her shotgun. She looks at Calvin, hard face softening. And son, I suggest you get back to wherever it is you came from. Your costumes wearing off, and this is the wrong place to be on St. Patricks Day.

I follow her gaze and, sure enough, Calvins green face paint is all but faded now. If those three hadnt been so wasted, for sure they would have seen. And even drunk, they were suspicious enough.

Thank you, he says, standing.

She shakes her head, free hand reaching out as he passes. He pauses, her hand on his shoulder. I my son, he hes like you. I miss him, terrible. I dont want what happened to him to to happen to you

Tears leak, silently, from her eyes. Calvin nods and heads for the back while I pause. Thank you, I say, squeezing her shoulder. 

She nods, staring down at my ID Badge on the table. Dont forget your credits.

Theyre for you, I say, peeling away from her gently. I wont need them where Im going.

She takes it, greedily, hiding it away in her dirty tip apron. Credits are money now, and money is hard to come by these days. 

There is a back room, then a back door, then a back alley. We creep down all three, emerging just past the town square, on the far side of town. There are no more checkpoints out here, thankfully, because now, under the moonlight, Calvin looks like what he is: the living dead.

We hustle, out of town, through the woods, not pausing until we reach the first clearing well out of Nightshade.

He leans against a tree, steadying himself, though I know he doesnt have to catch his breath.

Im not going to help you, he says, gray eyes avoiding mine. He peers out into the darkness instead, at the path weve just taken, watching, listening, to see if anybodys following.

I let him, until he turns back to me and nods. We start walking again and I say, Help me what?

Help you do whatever it is you want me to help you do.

I stop him, just across from the warehouse. I tug on his sleeve, dotted with green grease paint. You have to, I say, voice cracking with emotion.

He pauses, holding up a finger. We stand, quietly, listening for drunks or a Reanimation Patrol or hunters or all three, but nothing. Not yet. No, I dont, he says at last, walking as quickly as he can toward the door he let me in earlier.

We walk inside and he bolts it again: click, click, click, click, click, click. When hes done, he yanks off his wig, tossing it to the ground. I do, too. Its hot and itchy and gross and I never want to see the thing again.

He paces, using his long sleeves to smear the last of the paint from his skin. So this was all a plot, he says, huffing. The whole time. There was no getting to know me, no wanting me to experience what life was like after curfew. You were just using me.

Yeah, I was.

He pauses in his endless loop around his living quarters, looks me in the eye and says, You suck, by the way.

I stop, short, gasping like hes just punched me. Then, I realize, hes right; I do suck. Big time. But Im desperate, I say.

For what? he asks, throwing his hands up in front of him and, so help me God, when he does it, he looks almost human.

For what you have, I say, inching closer. For what you can do for me.

The only thing I can do for you is kill you, he growls, lowering his hands. Just then, gray skin covering his taut body, gray eyes boring into me, a dead smile on his dead lips, he seems on the verge of doing just that.

And suddenly I realize what Ive come here for. It becomes real to me. This whole last year, watching his every move as he cleaned the hallways, the bathrooms, the locker rooms of Nightshade, waiting for tonight, when I could lure him into town, show him my sad life, and make him feel bad for me, now its here.

And Im not sure if Im ready.

Is that what you want? he asks when Im silent for too long.

Yes, I murmur. No, I mean, I dont want it, but its the only way to...

Were face to face, him a few inches taller, me looking up into his eyes. To what? he asks, cold voice crackling.

To find my brother.

He steps back, one step, two, and shakes his head. Now I get it, he says, sagging down into his beach chair. Hes undead, isnt he? Like me. And you think, if I help you, you can find him, get him back, get your life back.

I cock my head to the side. I dont want my life back, I say. I dont have a life. Thats what tonight was about, Calvin. To show you what my life is like, so you wont feel bad when I ask you to to

He stands, quickly for a zombie, and grabs my throat. To what? he asks, loud, in my ear, breath cold on my skin as he drags me a few feet across the room. To bite you? To turn you? And then what? You change your mind, halfway through? You regret it, every day of your afterlife? And I have to re-live with that for the rest of my days. No thanks

He shoves me away, hard, so that I fall against the hat rack where his Z.E.D. jumpsuit hangs. Hes in the Z-Zone, I confess, voice shaky. They they took him there, before the Reanimation Reunification Pact. I need to find him, and you and I both know I cant go there like this.

The Z-Zone. For zombies only. A former National Park, now littered with the undead, lost and forgotten, a No Mans Land for the Undead, a suicide pact for the living. 

Youre not going there at all.

I have to, Calvin. I must! I cant live like this, alone, until I die. No family, no friends. This isnt a life, its a death sentence!

You dont want this, he insists, pacing now, clenching and unclenching his fists at his side. This is no life, either.

But at least Ill have Brandon, I say. At least well have each other. Hes alone, he needs me.

If hes been in the Z-Zone that long, Mandy, he doesnt need anybody.

He needs me, hes hes my little brother. I owe him that much.

Hes undead, Mandy. Like me. YOU dont owe him, you dont owe anybody anything except to live out your life while you can.

I shake my head, inching toward him. We can go we can go together. You can find your girlfriend, the cheerleaders. Shes there, too, right?

Do you know how big the Z-Zone is? he asks. It would take forever to find them.

Lucky for you, you have forever.

But you dont, he adds, pausing in his own footsteps. 

I stop, too. Stop chasing him. Were a few feet apart, the cold oozing off of him. I wonder, how it will feel, being that cold all the time. Or if Ill even notice after a few hundred years. 

Not yet, I say.

He shakes his head, but I know hes close. What are you going to do, Calvin? Go back to school tomorrow, wipe out our toilets? Mop our floors?

He shrugs. Its what I do. Its better than the Z-Zone.

You dont believe that, I say, taking a step toward him. He holds up a hand, but I ignore it. Then dont come with me, I dont care, just give me this gift, and Ill be out of your hair.

Its not a gift, he says, but hes taken his hand down. Its a curse.

So is living all alone, I say, and I dont really realize how true that is until I say the actual words. He seems to hear it, in my voice, the deadpan, the dread, the fear, the sadness, the crackle of tears hiding just beyond my emotions. Its not even living, Calvin. Not even a little.

He shakes his head. Dont ask me to do this, Mandy.

Dont make me ask you.

God, he says, looking away. God, he says again, but deeper this time, harder, and when he looks back, there are flecks of yellow in his eyes, and his mouth is open, gray lips peeling back from yellow teeth, lips quivering.

Oh, I say, as he leaps at me, biting into my shoulder, tearing into the flesh. His teeth are cold, raw and sharp against my bone as I cry out, crumpling to the floor.

He stops, wiping blood off his lips, turning from me. Already I can feel the coldness move through me, but something else, too a sizzle, flickering in each cell, like Pop Rocks in my veins, like the rush of soda foam when you first open the can.

Youll sleep now, he says, standing over me. When when did he turn around? When did he walk back to me? For a day, maybe more. Then, Ill feed you, and well go to the Z-Zone. Together.

I nod, looking up at him, so handsome, so gray. Will I look like that? Gray, like him? Lean, wiry not quite human? 

Will I look like me?

The lights flicker, or maybe its just in my head because he just stands there, watching me, not looking away. Now they dim, the room growing darker and darker with every blink of my heavy, heavy eyelids. The cold seeps in, like a blanket oozing over every limb, covering me in a deep, wet chill.

He mumbles something, or maybe he says it clearly but Im lost because Im going down, down, down and cant hear it so well but it sounds like, Happy St. Patricks Day.

And its the last thing I hear as a human, and the first thing I hear as a zombie



* * * * *


Story # 22:
Home for Christmas




The cemetery looms just over the next rise as we walk along the road, just on the other side of a thin strand of dead trees. A car hasnt come by in hours, but you just never know. 

Cemeteries are like that. Everybody thinks theyre always desolate and deserted but the fact is, people come and go all night long, Lionel Richie. Visiting hours be damned.

Kids hop over the fence with a cooler and a blanket, a man snaps the lock and walks in with a bottle and a note to read to his dead wife, thugs come looking for cool headstone designs to rip off. Youd be amazed what you see in a cemetery at midnight.

And thats just with the living people. But thats not us. 

We dont talk much, Scrim and I. Scrim; the name says it all. Equal parts scummy and just plain grim. He might as well be the poster boy for the living dead; the mascot of Team Reanimation. You look up zombie in the dictionary and chances are youre gonna see a picture of Scrim.

Hes a head taller than me, but probably weighs ten or twenty pounds less. His skin is leathery gray, his cheeks hollow, lips almost nonexistent as they peel back over his rotten teeth. 

His elbows stick out at odd angles and his legs are stiff  even for a zombie. He wears baggy old sweat pants and a faded black concert T-shirt and a flannel shirt from forever ago, probably when he was still alive.

Its a long, thin, country road that leads to the graveyard and as we crest the hill and look down on the cemetery, I see a lighted wreath on either side of the wrought iron gate below. I pause, just for a moment, the dim flicker of recognition slowing my pace. Then the wreath blinks. And I blink. And it blinks again. And I dont. 

Scrim shuffles forward, ever forward, clueless.

What day is it? I grunt, soft and low, just in case. Then I start walking again, out of habit.

I see the shovel on Scrims shoulder rise slightly as he shrugs. I dunno, he grunts back. Why?

My slow brain fizzes with brief recollections. I dont have memories anymore, not really. Just flickers of moments, good or bad. Brief images that fly in front of my eyes from time to time, like a broken film strip rattling in the projector. 

I call them insights, but theyre not. Not really.

But Im having one now. The flicker of Christmas trees past, of soft music playing in the background, the crinkle of wrapping paper, the warmth of a fire, the scent of hot chocolate and the taste of soft cookies fresh out of the oven. 

My voice sounds distant and cold, even to me. Are those Christmas wreaths?

We shuffle closer, looking left and right for headlights or security cameras or alarms before stepping onto the road and approaching the front gate.

The road is cold but not iced over, white snow scattered on the slick blacktop. The wreaths are big and round and plastic; green plastic holly branches, red plastic holly berries and white blinking lights. 

I see an orange extension cord running from both to a tool shed off to the side of the cemetery gates. Inside, now that Im paying attention, I can hear a generator softly humming. 

Beyond the shed, up another hill, higher still is a funeral home. Two stories, sagging just a little around the edges, in need of a fresh coat of paint. In a high, tight window on the top floor I see something else blinking: a small Christmas tree.

I reach out to touch one of the cheap bulbs, just to feel their warmth. The touch sets off a chain reaction of insights: quick filmstrips of a laughing family I can no longer remember, faces blurred by time, but happy and clearly mine. 

Too soon I hear the jingling of chain next to me as Scrim uses the pliers from his back pocket to snap the lock. He swings the gate wide, taking the wreath  and my fresh insights  away from me.

I turn to him and growl. That is not a figure of speech. Zombies growl. I growl. He looks slightly surprised.

Whatd you do that for? I ask, following him into the graveyard. Little puffs of snow charging out from under my new boots tell me Im stomping.

Do what? Scrim stops, shovel still atop his shoulder as a placid look washes across his thin, angular face.

Now I huff. Yank the door out of my hand like that.

He cocks at me and gives me a blank stare. Uh, because we needed to get inside and the door was preventing that and be glad I did because here we are now.

But. I. Was. Touching. That. Wreath. I bite off each word, inching a little closer with every syllable.

His blinking eyes are echoes of his dull, hollow brain. Why is it always the dumb ones who get reanimated? Why not the people youd actually, you know, want to spend the rest of your afterlife with?

What wreath? he grunts, shifting the shovel atop his bony shoulder.

That wreath, I say, turning around and pointing to the open gate door. The door is still open, the wreath still blinks sadly and I look up over the gate door where the cemetery name is spelled out.

I look up, squint, then read: Brushy Pines Cemetery.

Something clicks inside me, cold as the frost and hard as ice but, also warm, soft. Its another insight. A big one, maybe even the biggest Ive ever had since, well since I got like this.

I inch forward, slowly at first, back toward the open gate and then faster, rushing through it to turn around, boots crunching snow and then swooshing it left and right as I pivot.

Brushy Pines. I know that name. And, suddenly, I know why I know that name. 

Get out of there! I hiss-growl to Scrim, who is leaning on his shovel at this point, eyeing me curiously.

What? Quit goofing off, Tanner. I can smell the brains, fresh and new, no more than a few yards away. Lets go, before whoever turns off those Christmas wreaths each night shows up and finds us digging up his newest customer.

Im not kidding, Scrim, I bark, inching back through the gates so he can see the serious look on my cold, hard face. Get out of there, now. No ones digging up anyone tonight. At least, not in this cemetery.

What? Why?

Hes off his shovel now, dragging the business end in the cold, hard ground as he inches my way.

Because its mine. I mean, I live here. Lived here before.

Here? he asks, close enough so I can see the genuine curiosity on his normally blank face.

Brushy Pines, yes. T-t-this, this is where I grew up. This is where I went to school. This is where Christmas happened. This is where it happened.

Im backing out now, out of the gates, expecting him to follow. 

He doesnt.

Im not sure why Im so surprised. 

Too many Christmas movies, I suppose.

So what? he shrugs, turning back around, hoisting his shovel and sniffing out the fresh grave, leaving me in his snowy footsteps. Meats meat, and a zombies gotta eat.

His voice is so blunt, his shoulders so thin and that stupid shovel on his shoulders, shuffling along as he sniffs out the fresh burial mound I dunno, it just gets me.

Stop! I hiss, and I find myself on my knees, black jeans in the snowy earth, reaching for my backpack and sliding the shovel from its holder at the bottom.

He doesnt. 

Stop, I mean. 

He walks forward, not even shrugging anymore. I leave my backpack behind, snow-mud on my knees as I stand and follow. The headstones are tall and short, leaning and straight, close together and far apart, turning the full moon into a strobe light as it passes between them, shadow and light, while I chase Scrim through the graveyard.

How did he get so far ahead?

I see the dirt flying before I see Scrim, bent to the task at the fresh grave. Suddenly I can smell the rotting flesh from below, the juices, the skin, the muscle, the meat the brains wafting six feet up through the dirt.

And. It. Smells. Good.

Im hungry, but for more than just meat. I said stop, Scrim, I blurt, watching him single-mindedly move dirt from the fresh grave to a pile just to its right. He wants what he wants, and ever since Ive known him, Scrim has only wanted one thing: Brains, brains, and more brains. 

He hardly stops digging as he growls, Im not stopping, Tanner. So you grew up here, so what?

I pause on the other side of the grave, watching him jam his shovel into the dirt, scrape out a few inches of cold, hard earth and then pitch it out. The sound grows rhythmic, jam-scrape-pitch; jam-scrape-pitch.

He looks up at me every so often, in between jam-scrape-pitches. Hes smirking, knowing that once I smell that smell, once I see that flesh, fresh and gassy, all my cheap talk will fade away and Ill join him, feasting on the freshly dead, home and Christmas and insights be damned. 

So, that could be someone I know, I insist; jam-scrape-pitch.

Scrim snorts and looks back down as he keeps jamming, scraping and pitching. The dirt piles up beside me, cold and damp and oh. So. Fresh. 

Yeah, like who? he chuffs. Your

I slice the shovel out of his hand. That is by slicing off his hand. It doesnt hurt him, but he watches it clinically, like its somebody elses hand lying in the dirt, fingers still twitching as the electricity bleeds out of them, inch by inch.

The hell? he asks, but hes already reaching for the shovel with the other hand. I slice for that as well, but this time hes prepared; the clank of metal on metal echoes through the headstones, one bouncing off the other as our shovel blades meet in the night.

Sparks fly, illuminating the hatred in Scrims eyes. He is up and out of the half-dug grave pretty damn quick for a dead guy with only five good fingers. We square off on either side of the grave, his hand lying there, gray and waxy, fingers still at last.

The stub left behind doesnt bleed so much as ooze a thick, blackish gray slime that coats his sneakers as he stands next to it, waving the shovel. 

Whats wrong with you? He asks it so casually, its like none of this has even happened. Like were still back outside the cemetery gates, talking and walking. 

Just another night. 

I said stop. You didnt stop.

Finally, he shows a little emotion, even if it is only mild annoyance. So you cut my hand off? I need that, you know? To dig? To help protect you and the others? To eat?

I risk a look behind me at the cemetery gate, then move slightly to my left so that Im directly in its path. I dont see you eating anymore, Scrim. Not in this town, anyway.

He swings mid-sentence, and I duck and jam the tip of my shovel  smaller, lighter, sharper  just under his knee. He grunts and goes down, landing with the tip of his shovel in the dirt and his good hand wrapped around the wooden shaft like a crutch.

More blackish-grayish goo seeps out from the tear in his sweatpants where Ive dug a deep gash just beneath his kneecap.

Why? he asks, silent and poised. Whats gotten into you all of a sudden?

I kneel down in front of him, shovel in hand just in case hes feeling froggy and tries to yank my tongue out, mid-stream. You told me, Scrim, we dont eat our own. You told me, Scrim, we never go back. Now here we are, and youre trying to do both. On on Christmas!

The rules? He grins, teeth crooked and yellow. Who cares about the rules when no ones round to catch us, Tanner? 

His voice is conspiratorial, like maybe he can talk his way out of this. Like maybe with a missing hand and half a kneecap, hes still in the game. 

I do, Scrim. At least, I care if were in my hometown. What if that was my mother down there, huh? My brother? My boyfriend or my BFF?

Scrim shakes his head, still trying to salvage the situation. So I wont show you who it is then. So Ill crack open the skull when youre not looking and scoop out the brain and youll never know.

I stand then, pushing myself up on the gooey end of my shovel. I already know, Scrim. Its not happening. You get up now, if you can, and

Scrims shovel glances off the nearest headstone, missing me by a hair but knocking a huge chunk out of the granite grave marker that flies right at me, slicing my cheek open. I flinch and duck, instinctively, and Scrim would be on me if it werent for the fact that I messed up his knee.

Hes still limping, a few feet away, when I turn on him.

Goo is still dripping from his missing hand, he has no shovel  no weapon  and hes limping; bad. I grip the shovel and start toward him, almost sad to see him go.

Almost





* * * * *


Story # 23:
Jingle Brains




There is a specialty butcher in the Cypress Cove Galleria, the mall where Im currently making $6.50 an hour being Santas Little Helper (shut UP).

Ive walked by it a thousand times in my lifetime, never needing to stop in until now. 

I wait until Im in my slinky green tights and satin red slip, making sure to pull the collar down low and tug the green, jingle-belled sash tight around my waist as I saunter up 15 minutes before my after-school shift is about to start.

Not to brag, but the guy behind the counter  Rocco, says his white and gold Greenbriers Gourmet Grocers nametag  has been watching me hand out candy canes intensely for the last two weeks, ever since my after-school job started the day after Thanksgiving.

Im talking the DAY after; no time for leftovers, down with the turkey decorations, up with the giant candy canes and sugar plums dangling from the ceiling.

Santas Winter Wonderland (i.e. a shabby red throne in the middle of a few overturned cardboard boxes covered with this giant sparkly blanket of glittery fake snow) is catty-corner to the Greenbriers Gourmet Grocers, with its marble counters and brass fixtures and rows and rows of strange delectables I cant imagine anyone ever eating  until right this very moment.

The jingle bells on my sash announce my presence, as if Rocco hasnt watched me saunter over here all the way from the employee break room (a la food court).

He has deep black hair layered in soft, greasy curls and hard, frozen lines in his handsome face, but hes way old  like, mid-30s at least  and his vibrant green, intense eyes give me the willies although Im sure certain gals, maybe even my BFF Mindy, would call them intense.

(To me, though, intense has always just been code for crazy.)

Well, well, he says without a trace of an Italian accent, which is kind of disappointing since despite myself Ive wondered what he might sound like these last few weeks. The fly finally buzzes near my shimmering web.

I groan inwardly at the obvious cheesiness of his doubly obvious come-on, but I really need those brains so, I do my best to cover it up and flirt appropriately. 

Well, I purr, the holidays are coming and I want to get the man in my life something special.

He takes the bait; nothing creepy old men like better than a challenge.

Who is this special man? he asks with obvious disdain, pointing to Hub, my coworker in the snug green elf costume as he arranges yet another basket of miniature wrapped candy canes before our shift officially starts. I do not think this this elf is man enough for you.

I snort. 

Me neither. Thats Hub, we work together. No, my boyfriend runs on the track team, you know? At the high school? Anyway, he has to stick to a very strict diet all season long but I thought, for the holidays, Id give him a treat, you know, something off his diet. Something special.

He sneers at the thought of me wasting good meat on another man, but opens his arms wide to address the two frosty meat cases hes standing behind. 

Then, my dear, if you MUST break my heart and buy from me gifts for another suitor, then you have still come to the right place.

I peer down to look at the top row, but not to see what he has on sale; I just want him to see my rack.

He takes the bait and ogles me openly as I scan the rows for gourmet meats. 

Ahem, he says, clearing his throat to keep the conversation going and, perhaps, to convince me to buy meat for him instead of from him. What does this man and I use that term very loosely, dear what does this man of yours enjoy?

Well, Im a vegetarian, but HE is a total carnivore!

Ah, Rocco says, finally smiling versus leering. A man after my own heart. A poor excuse for a man, but a man with good taste nonetheless. Vegetarians are unnatural creatures, if youll pardon me saying so, and I do believe if youd enjoy some red meat now and again your color, shall we say might improve.

I ignore him, getting a little desperate now, with Hub giving me the 7 minutes to work sign by pointing incessantly to the digital (natch) watch on his hairless (natch) wrist.

What do you have in the form of something exotic? I ask, forcing a purr against my better instincts. Like, kidneys or hearts or

Ah, he says, getting excited now. I knew there was a reason I liked you, Lacy.

He pronounces it Laaaaaaaacy and, I must say, it sounds kind of neat rolling off his tongue that way.

But back to business.

Just in time for the holidays, he is saying, we have some very delectable kidney pies. I also ordered some imported calves tongue, not for the faint of heart but exquisite if your man is actually man enough to acquire a taste for it.

Yumm, I say, and actually mean it. 

Im absolutely serious when I say, Yumm.

Yes, I am a vegetarian and yes, I hate meat but man, if all this talk of internal organs and tongues isnt getting me all, well hot and bothered!

Those all sound great! But what about something really over the top, like do you ever serve brains?

Im expecting his smooth tan face to drop, his hair to zoink out of his scalp like a character in some Saturday morning cartoon, his phone to automatically dial the Butcher Abuse Hotline but he merely smiles as if Ive just figured out some ultra top-secret pass code.

Of course we serve brains, Laaaaaaaacy, what kind of gourmet butcher would Rocco be if he neglected his brain-loving customers? If you look right here, down at the end, we have a wonderful brain pate, you see? Right next to the marinated lambs brains.

Delicious, I say, hardly able to contain my excitement. Ill take both!

Very good, Laaaaaaaacy, he oozes, weighing, measuring, boxing, then bagging them up. I will have to meet this man who eats brains on Christmas, see if I approve of him dating the beautiful Laaaaaaaacy from the Christmas Village outside my store.

Im sure hed love to meet you, Rocco, so whats the damage?

$47.93, dear, and thats with the employee diiiiiiiiiiiscount!


* * * * * 


What took you so long in there, Lacy? asks Hub frantically, and its so boring to hear my name pronounced right that I almost  almost  prefer Roccos version. 

Its a long story, I sigh, knowing the truth  I mean, the real, unvarnished, living dead truth  would below little Hubs mind. Listen, wheres your stupid insulated lunch bag, and dont tell me you left it at home because I know you brought it.

Hub blushes beneath his adorable little elf cap and reaches into a cabinet behind Santas throne where we store the extra candy canes and gallon jugs of hand sanitizer.

When he emerges, he has his Darth Vader lunch cooler in both hands, like hes presenting me with some kind of award.

I take it brusquely and yank out his liverwurst sandwich  he eats one EVERY day  and replace it with my two delicate boxes of brains on ice. 

Hey! he says. My sandwich will spoil.

I zip the lunch sack, shove the sandwich on top and put it back in the cabinet myself, for safekeeping.

Theres nothing I want to do more than dig into my pound of brains this very second, in public, with my bare hands, for the whole wide world to see, but Santa will be here any minute, kids are already lined up around the block and there are way, way too many witnesses.

Please, I snap. Do you know how many preservatives are in that crap? You could leave it out on the sidewalk, for weeks, and it would still be fine for Christmas dinner!

Maybe, he kind of whines, but I happen to like it cold. Which is why I bring an insulated lunch bag in the first place. Whats so special you have to keep it on ice all shift anyway?

I want to snap, Wouldnt you like to know?, but that would only make him jealous and all kinds of curious and, somewhere along the way, with my hands full of third graders squealing for Santa and my back to him, Hub would find time to sneak in there and find it, maybe even taste it  and then the jig would be up.

So instead I say, Dads Christmas present.

That shuts him up, just like I knew it would. 

Oh, he says. Cool.

Hub is one of those closet cops, a real CSI freak who (probably) has every episode Tivod and who (probably) sleeps in pajamas that look like a lab coat, if not a real, live, actual lab coat itself. The minute he found out my dad was a crime scene photographer, he had an instant man crush.

I smile, because, well Hub is Hub; and he usually makes me feel better, no matter what. 

The thing about Hub is hes actually really cute, hes just so, I dunno boring, maybe?

Or maybe not boring, exactly just really, really single-minded.

Like, in a really, really boring way.

And I really, really dont mean that in a bad way.

He IS the sweetest guy ever.

I mean, who else would jump the second some chick in a Santas Helper costume barks and give up his lunch bag for a brain two-for, right?

And hes always asking me if I want a soda when he grabs himself one for break, and never fails to walk me out to my car at the end of another long night shift, while never speaking ill of my boyfriend (unlike some certain gourmet meat shop vendors, I might add) for failing to do the same.

But, when he starts talking about Star Trek or Lost or some new video game or YouTube video with fuzzy cats, I just its hard to stay very interested. 

(Or, at least, half as interested as he seems to be.)

My boyfriend Grady and I dont talk about much, but when we do its about something pertinent to our lives, like some teacher were hating on, some runner who really inspires him, a song that kind of means something special to us that kind of thing.

But Hub, I dunno.

I mean, Ive never heard him talk about anything other than a movie, a video game or a book, typically in that order.

Still, he does look pretty cute in those

Hi Santa! I ooze suddenly, knowing that children are watching as the big man himself walks out of the food court entrance and into his own personal Winter Wonderland.

Of course, Santa cant hear me because hes being mobbed by kids, who are kept at bay by a security detail consisting of the manager from KB Toys, a fry cook from the Asian Panda booth and my boss, Mr. Dickens (yes, actually, his name really IS Mr. Dickens; the jokes just write themselves, folks) who leads the way with a polite but firm, Wait your turn, children! We dont want to end up on the naughty list at the last minute now, do we?

Yes, Mr. Dickens IS the kind of guy who says we when talking to little children.

(To say nothing of using the words naughty and list in the same sentence.)

Hes also the kind of guy who has a comb-over, those sleek rectangular glasses across his thin, beak-ish nose, a big red Christmas sweater (!) with kittens (!!) and the inevitable grownup male fashion choice of pleated khaki slacks, brown dress socks and broken-in topsiders.

With Hub right behind me, I race to open the rickety (plastic) white picket fence that surrounds Santas Winter Wonderland so he can make a grand entrance.

I whisk Santa in while Hub plays defense, deftly (I guess he IS good with kids) stopping the first twenty or so kids from rushing through the gate with a handful of miniature candy canes, the ultimate in kid bribes this time of year.

While I get Santa (i.e. Mr. Waverly who doubles as the stereo store manager) into his throne, Hub makes sure the kids start walking through single file.



* * * * * 



Im the front loader, getting kids gently on Santas knee, watching closely on my wristwatch that no child gets more than five minutes (preferably three) and then when I give the signal  a very original finger along one side of my nose  Hub swoops in, lifts them off Santas lap, deposits a candy cane in their confused little paws and its right back to the next kid.

Fortunately, the three of us work really well together.

Santa is actually pretty cool, listening to the kids no matter how long a day hes put in at the Stereo Shack, and is good about reminding me if my mind is wandering  like it is right now, imagining how great those juicy brains are going to taste when I finally get off shift  when its time for a kid to exit his knee.

And boring as he is, Hub is really gentle with the kids, asking them what they asked for, patting them on the heads, shooing them out the other side of the fence gently and giving them their coupon for 50% off the kids picture with Santa, which has been snapped by Mr. Dickens at some point between the hectic on-loading and off-loading. 

Actually, once the first half-hour or so has passed and were all in a rhythm, when the lines not so long, when Hubs busy making goofy faces at me between kids, when Mr. Dickens camera flash isnt going off in my eyes every five seconds, its actually kinda nice.

Christmas-y, you know?

I know Santas Helpers are supposed to hate their jobs, and kids, and cheesy carols and giant hanging ornaments and fake snow and Christmas but I really dont. 

I take a pause now, with Santas knee empty and the next kid still halfway across the food court, and look out at the shoppers, loaded down with presents, families slurping on frozen gingerbread cappuccinos with whip cream and nutmeg on top, kids from school hanging out by the skateboard shop, the pretty college girls home on break working in the jewelry shop in their tight sweaters and sexy Santa hats.

Winter Wonderland is playing through the loudspeakers now, but not too loud and not too fast, like somebodys slow, smooth jazzy rendition that my Dad  or Hub  would probably like.

Even Hub, lit up by the 20-foot artificial Christmas tree with the Babes of Toyland themed Gigantor ornaments, looks half-as-boring as usual.

He catches me eyeing his long green legs and winks.

Id blush, if I could. Instead I just reach for the next kid and put my nose to the old holiday grindstone. 

And I swear, halfway through my shift, its like Hubs lunchbox is calling to me, like I can seriously smell those brains, and its all I can do to make it to break time.

By the time 7 oclock rolls around and Mr. Dickens puts the Santa has to go feed the reindeers, kids. Hell be back at 7:30 sign up on my side of the Winter Wonderland fence, Im literally starving; starving for brains.

Hub says, as he does every night, Can I buy you a pretzel?

Meaning, of course, Can I buy you a pretzel and force you to sit across from me at a cozy table for two in the Food Court while I talk your ear off with repetitive details that no one else noticed from last nights episode of Battlestar Galactica while your eyes glaze over and you threaten to shove wads of baked pretzel dough in your pointy ears?

I lie, like I do almost every night, and say, Ooh, Hub, thats so sweet but I need to go shop for my Dads present. Maybe next time?

He doesnt point out that Ive already told him the lunch bag was to hide Dads present, or that Ive been shopping for Dads present every night since we both got hired for this gig, but thats Hub for you; too boring to stand up for himself.

I grab the lunch bag after hes turned to take his sandwich and buy a fresh lemonade from the cute girl he likes at the lemonade stand in the food court, and I reach for the marinated brains, figuring Grady will much prefer the pate version. 

And so here is what happens next: I search high and low for an empty seat in the employee break room, and cant find one.

I even walk through the labyrinth of halls that exist just behind the stores, but theyre filled with people using the back entrances to the stores and signing for last-minute FedEx packages or hauling out trash or some other equally annoying thing.

Its dark now, and my break is nearly over, so finally I just sit in my car, open the box and literally cram the brains in my mouth.

Yup; just like that.

Brains meet mouth.

No plastic fork, no garnish, no napkin, no foreplay just open mouth, insert brains.

And, I gotta tell ya they arent half-bad.

Scratch that; they arent just not bad, they are flippin awesome.

With a capital rad and two sparkly exclamation points after!!

So awesome I lick my fingers and crinkle the white butcher paper Rocco used to wrap them in just so I can squeeze the last bit of brain juice from the corners, then lick the bag to catch every stinkin drop that didnt drip into my open mouth already.

Then I just kind of sit back and let the experience wash over me. 

Suddenly Its like Ive just eaten five candy bars in a row; there is a huge rush that rocks me straight back in my bucket seat, closing my eyes, coursing through my system, like Im jacked into some giant electrical outlet and pure juice is running through my veins.

By the time I get back to work  a fresh coat of lipstick and plenty of rouge to cover up my pale, undead face  I am jacked up and into it like I have never been before.

There I am joking with the kids, making goofy faces for the camera, wiggling my pointy rubber ears, dancing to the cheesy Christmas music, ringing my jingle bell sash seductively at all the cute Dads, asking Mr. Waverly what hes getting Mrs. Santa this year; its insane.



* * * * * 



After our shift Hub is all like, What got into you back there just now?

Waddya mean? I ask, gently gathering the purple velvet ropes we use to line up the kiddies during the busiest times and sliding them together so the maintenance workers can wax the floor like they do every night.

Nothing, he grins. I just guess youre really into the Christmas spirit tonight, huh?

I shrug, still feeling a little cocky and coquettish from the juicy brain overload during my break. You should know, Mr. Elf!

He blushes at the huskiness in my voice and gathers the leftover printouts of kids pictures who didnt buy them.

Im using a lint roller to get all the fake white hair off of Santas throne  one of my more glamorous nightly cleanup duties  when Hub drops a picture from his stack. 

I reach to pick it up, because thats what Santas Helpers do, when I see myself in the picture, just off to the side as Mr. Dickens snapped it.

I must have been turning to look at the big shimmering tree just outside the food court, or maybe even smiling at a particularly cute kid in line, because I look happy and hopeful and smiling but thats where the humanity abruptly ends.

My face is ghastly, gothic white, my eyes limp and black, like dead things you might see lying on a dock in the sun, the arms sticking out of my Santas Helper costume varying shades of gray. 

The picture looks like it was snapped at some Halloween haunted house, not just inside of Santas Winter Wonderland. 

I gasp, and Hub looks over to see what Im gasping at, but doesnt really flinch or anything.

Good gawd, I snap, holding the photo up next to my face before handing it back. 

Is this is this really how I look?

He gently takes it from me so he can get a better look, compares it to my face and says, Yeah, so whats the big deal?

How can you even look at me? I blurt, leaning on Santas throne, all earlier brain-high gone out the window. Im Im hideous.

No youre not, he says quickly, sincerely. I mean, sure, you look a little under the weather tonight, but so do most vegetarians I know.

He grins broadly, never one to pass up a good vegetarian joke.

I sock him on the arm, then look at my watch.

Ooohh, Ive got to go, I say, leaping up from Santas arm rest.

Im thinking Grady is going to be jonesing for brains by now, probably.

I told him to meet me in the park at the end of my street after work, our usual hang-out  and occasional make-out  spot when Dads not working the graveyard shift.

Me too, Hub says quickly, although I know he hasnt finished all of his prep work for the next days shift and was probably hoping I could hang out while he did so. Walk you out?

Sure, I say, full of brains and feeling alive for the first time since, since, well falling off the roof after getting struck by lightning last night.

(Gheez, was it only last night???)

The side entrances are all closed, it being nearly 10 by the time all Santas beard hair has been dusted off his chair  sorry, throne  and the candy canes arranged for tomorrows shift, so we kind of meander through the halls behind the food court until we reach the grungy employee exit.

Typically I would stop at my locker and change out of my elf get-up before heading home for the night, but tonight I dont care if I do get in an accident in my Santas Helper costume because, lets face it  Im already dead.

What could be more humiliating than that?

Hub never changes; he just slips on some sweats and a hoodie over his elf costume, puts his floppy Peter Pan type hat in his pocket and thats that.

The air is cold this late, not freezing, but Florida cold; mid-60s.

Nice, he says on the way to my car; no further explanation is needed.

I agree by sniffing in great gulps and say, Uhhhmmmm.

We kind of linger as I open my door.

Im eager to get to Grady, so Im kind of in a rush, but the brain-high has left me feeling kind of mellow, too. 

And maybe just maybe Im being just the slightest bit passive aggressive about Hub being the one to walk me to my car every single night, and never  ever  Grady.

I mean, Im not one of those needy girls who demands her man to wait on her hand and foot, or be there at my beck and call, or hold my door open and drop me off and pick me up wherever I go, and Gradys definitely not that type of a guy, but would it kill the slacker to at least meet me at my car after work one night so we could maybe go hang out or something?

Sit at Dennys and have a cup of coffee?

Take in a late movie?

Read me racy poetry  or even knock-knock jokes  by the dashboard light?

Shoot, Id be happy just sitting on the hood of our cars and sipping melted smoothies until the mall cops drove us off.

So although I know Gradys hungry (for brains, no less), I open my door, put his brain pate on the passenger seat, and then lean against my hood.

Hub stands next to me, enjoying the night air and my rare lack of impatience.

Thought you were in a big hurry? he says a little coyly, crossing his arms over his chest.

I shrug. 

He can wait, I say firmly.

Hub doesnt say anything, just nods.

Some night, huh? he asks, making small talk.

Crazy, I say.

It reminds me of that scene in Elf, you know the one where

Hub, I blurt, before he can start. Can I be frank with you?

Oh, uh, yeah, sure, he stammers a little uncertainly, not quite sure what to make of my directness.

I mean, its not that Im never direct with him, just never about anything real.

Where to stick his extra candy canes?

Sure.

How to live his life?

Not so much. 

His face doesnt know whether to look hurt  or hopeful.

I just, I like you, Hub. Youre smart, youre cute, youre thoughtful, youre funny, but I gotta tell you you gotta start living in the real world, dude.

Like how do you mean?

His eyes  are they blue? Id never really noticed before  kind of get wide and round and soft but hes not mad, not exactly, even though I interrupted what Im sure is one of his favorite movie scenes ever.

I mean, movies are great Hub, we all love them, but when two people get a chance to talk, like we are right now, one-on-one, nice night out, nowhere important to go, they should talk about real things, you know?

Yeah?

Yeah, like tonight. Im mellow, youre mellow, usually Im rushing off to meet Grady, and youre usually all like, Yeah, okay, whatever, see you tomorrow, but tonight Im here, youre here and whats the first thing you do? Set up a scene from a movie. And I only have like 10 minutes or so and, frankly, if Im standing in the parking lot talking to you, I actually want to stand in the parking lot and talk to YOU, you know?

He shrugs. 

I guess, he says a tad assertively, totally missing the mark, but its a really great scene.

No, Hub, this is a really great scene. Life is the movie; movies are just details.

He finally smiles, puts his hand under his chin mock-thoughtfully and says, What are you, writing greeting cards now?

I snort, despite myself. 

Too much? I grin, looking at him from beneath my bangs. I just made it up.

No, I like it. I just have never been schooled on the art of conversation by a master before.

Like Im some expert? Hub, please, Im just saying, youre always going on about how hard it is to find a girlfriend, like that little lass at the lemonade stand you chat up every night. Quick, whatd you talk about tonight?

He blushes and I think maybe it was something nasty he doesnt want to share with me (I wish!) but then he says, Youre not going to believe this but, I talked about how Santas Winter Wonderland reminds me of that scene in Elf.

My face falls; Id almost prefer if theyd talked about something nasty.

Oh, Hub, tell me you didnt, did you?

Yeah, Lacy, I did. I dont know, I just get nervous is all.

I shake my head and look down at my elf feet for a second, wondering if the curvy, jangly tops will impede my driving on the way home tonight. 

So what? I ask when I look back up. Thats your default setting? Get nervous, talk about movies?

Kinda, he shrugs. 

I shrug back.

Can I tell you something else? I ask him, not waiting for an answer. Girls get nervous, too.

They do? he asks, and when I flick another glance at his eyes, they are; theyre definitely blue.

Sure, I say. But we dont like to waste time, so when we get nervous we start asking questions, and when you answer those questions with movie lines, or movie stats, or movie quotes we get, I dunno disappointed? Like maybe youre not all that interested in us in the first place and so whats the point of getting all nervous about you?

Really? he says, stretching it out to about a dozen syllables and looking over my shoulder at the empty mall parking lot beyond. 

I cant tell if hes ignoring me, or taking it in, or both  or neither. 

I sigh and get up off my hood, signaling its time to leave.

He kind of starts, and inches over and says, Uhhm, Lacy?

Yeah, Hub?

It was really nice talking to you tonight.

Hes smiling, but wont meet my eyes. 

Yeah, I smile, genuinely and, no, its NOT just the brains talking. Me too. See, conversation can be fun even when youre not talking about movies, huh?

Well, technically, we were talking about movies by talking about NOT talking about movies but, yeah I see your point.

And I have to laugh because, seriously?

Youve got to give him credit; the kid just doesnt quit. 

See you tomorrow, Hub.

Yeah, bye Lacy.



* * * * * 



Grady is not in the park at the end of my street when I get there. I know because I literally park my car, walk my butt down there, walk around it  every inch of it  and see no sign of him.

So then I have mental pictures of him lying in his single bed at home, going through brain withdrawals, shaking and sweating with a trash can near his pillow like in one of those Intervention shows, so I get back in the car, brain pate still riding shotgun, and head to his house.

I see the light on in his room in the back, so rather than trying to explain to his Mom why Im delivering brain pate at 10:30 on a school night, I park a few driveways down and hoof it up to his back window via the neighbors yard.

He answers in three taps, sliding up the window with a huge grin on his face, a can of Grandma Marys Fussy Feast cat food in his hand, the handle end of a white plastic fork sticking out of his mouth like a toothpick.

Whats that? I ask, setting my bag o brains on his wide, white windowsill so I can put both hands on my hips and look suitably.

Ticked.

The.

Hell

Off!

Brains! he smiles and I have to hush him because his Mom will hear if he doesnt pipe down a smidge.

Sorry, he whispers, acting goofy like that time he scored a half-bottle of rum from his Moms liquor cabinet and drank it on the way to meet me in the park at the end of his street. Brains.

Are you drunk? I ask, thinking maybe he found the other half of the rum bottle.

Drunk on BRAINS! he says, starting with a whisper but ending with a shout.

I look into his room, which always smells like stale pizza boxes and Old Spice, and see several cans of Fussy Feast lying, empty, overturned, scraped clean on the floor next to his easy chair like some drunk on a bender.

Grady, why are you eating cat food?

Because of the brains, he says, remembering to whisper this time.

He hands me his latest empty can, shoving his big, cat food covered index finger over the ingredients list.

I take it from his hand with total eeewwwwwww face and wipe off a speck of food to read the ingredients list: chicken livers, beef tongue, lamb brain, pork shoulder, salt, glycerine the list goes on and on.

There are brains in this? I ask, handing it back.

Tons! he says; more like slurs. Look, its like number three on the ingredients list. The lady at the deli said that means theres a lot of that in there. If its so high up. On the list. I mean. On that list there; right there.

He still sounds drunk, and I snap, What lady? At what deli? Grady, I thought we agreed Id get the brains tonight  VERY discretely, from the very DISCREET and might I add very EXPENSIVE gourmet butcher at the mall. Where I work. And it would look completely natural. Because I WORK there. I never said, Run down to the deli, ask everybody you see for brains and then bring home a ton of cat food. I think Id remember that, right?

I knooowwww, he says, so brain drunk he stretches the word out to six syllables and rolls his eyes about three dozen times. But I got hungry and couldnt wait and you were taking so long, Lacy, so this was the next best thing.

I sigh. 

Fine, well, did you make a big scene? I mean, the whole point was to keep the whole brain shopping trip on the DL, remember?

Yeah, he says, waving a hand in front of his face and almost smacking my bag off the sill because his hand-eye coordination is so off. I mean, I had to ask a few people where they kept the brains first, but other than that I

People? How many people? I thought you just talked to the lady at the deli.

Well, yeah, the lady at the deli, of course I talked to her because deli lady people always know where the brains are at, right? But first I had to ask the cart guy, then the bag boy, then the cashier  man, she was cute  and finally the assistant manager told me to ask the manager, and he absolutely knew the deli lady would know, so just like, a dozen people is all I asked about the brains from so why are you looking at me like that, Lacy? What gives?

Wow, thats awesome Grady, I grind through gritted teeth, doing a slow boil as my feet sink into the grass outside his bedroom window under the massive weight of my blistering anger. I cant imagine you made much of a scene, a 62 hunk stumbling around the store asking everyone he meets where to find a pound of brains, not at all.

He just kind of stands there, dumbly, blinking his big dumb eyes with cat food on his fingers and chin. You think you think Im a hunk?

I groan and ignore his kissy-face face. 

All right, fine, I sigh, because even big, dumb and stupid and covered in cat food hes still my boy and were still in this together. Whats done is done.

Yes! he says, fist-pumping the air like hes just won a huge track meet. I knew youd understand. Thats my girl.

Only it comes out Thash my girlth.

I shake my head, count six empty cans on the floor and see none stacked waiting for me.

Okay, well, did you save me any? I ask, already suspecting the answer.

That stumps him.

He looks back, counting the cans with his long, bony, white index finger.

One can.

Two cans.

Three cans; four.

What feels like five minutes later he turns back and says, Nope, I surely didnt, and that was wrong of me. I totally get that now, but heres the thing

You didnt save me any brains? Grady, were in this together, dude. Forget that youre the only other zombie for 400 miles  I hope  but youre my boyfriend for Petes sake! I mean, is that good boyfriend behavior?

No, he admits too quickly, its bad boyfriend behavior, no doubt, really bad, but heres the thing because you never let me finish what the thing was just now: You said you were getting brains at the mall and I can always depend on you so were good.

NO, Grady, were NOT good. What if I didnt get the brains at the mall? What if we were busy at Santas Workshop and I didnt have time, or they were too expensive or they were out of brains? What if I was here starving for brains right now, running out of time, and youve just eaten the last of them?

Wed go get you some more, he explains brightly, before his face clouds over and he reconsiders. Oh, wait I got the last of them, and she said nobody else in town carried them, and the next shipment doesnt come in until after Christmas so I sure hope you got some, otherwise you. Are. Screwed!

I shake my head, furious, and grab the bag before turning to leave.

What? Why? Where are you going? he stammers  just before closing the widow and turning to scrape the last ounce of brains from his beloved yellow cat food cans, as if I wasnt still standing there.

As if Id Id never been there at all.

The nerve.

Of all the lowdown, dirty, backstabbing undead jerks!

Its only by the time Im halfway home that it hits me: Not only did he eat up all the brains, but that jerk didnt even invite me in!




* * * * *


Story # 24:
Late



Stop, Prent, youre going to make me late.

He chuckles, face flushed from too much cheap champagne.

Late for what? Its almost midnight. Youre here, Im here youre right on time!

I tug free of his arm and lope off across the golf course, but his stupid long cricket track team legs catch up to me in no time. 

Jade, he whines, whipping me around. Hes in a tux shirt, the top three buttons undone, not a hair on his chest, a bow tie hanging from either side of his stiff white collar. What is wrong with you?

I told you I didnt want to come here tonight, I hiss, yanking free again and stumbling back a step or two. I told you this wasnt going to happen.

He huffs, hands on his narrow hips, pushing down his maroon cummerbund. Yeah, but I didnt think you meant it.

I roll my eyes and turn, sprinting down the fairway of the 14th hole, racing toward the woods where I know a few shortcuts to lose him, and make up some time.

I glance down at my watch and see the time: ten minutes left. Ill never make it if I have to keep stalling Prent.

He catches up to me, leaping forward, lunging, tackling me around the waist as we go rolling into the sand trap on the 12th hole.

Prent! I shout, turning around and slapping him across the face. He blinks, stunned, but other than that hes relatively unphased. Get. Off. Of. Me. NOW!

I kick him off and he tumbles, spilling, as I rise to my feet and circle him as he struggles in the sand pit. Forget it, Prent. I I should have never come here. Im sorry. I know it, but it aint gonna happen.

He sits on his rump, hands palms down behind him. Whats so different about tonight? he sneers. Its happened plenty of other nights. If I remember correct, it happened last night.

I shake my head. What a dick! Dude, dont flatter yourself.

He shakes the sand out of his curly black hair, rustling it with his long fingers. Dont flatter yourself, he slurs.

I turn to run again and hear rustling behind me and then something whacks my ankle and I go down with an unflattering tumble and an unintelligible Huummpphhflazzzlsnat as air goes tumbling through my vocal chords.

I turn and hes on his knees, suddenly, holding the sand trap rake and beaming. I stand up on wobbly legs and flash a glance at my watch: nine minutes left.

I know youre faster than me, Prent, I huff, trying to catch my breath, and I know youre bigger than me, but I have somewhere I really need to be and

What, to be with him?

I step back a little, almost staggering. What? Him who?

I know where youre going, Jade. To be with your stupid zombie boyfriend.

I blink twice, staring at Prent on his knees. Hes handsome, long limbed and smooth skinned, but in that way that only really looks good when hes standing still, or lying still, or doesnt know youre looking at him. The minute he starts talking, his features get a little weasely. Like now. 

Like right now. 

I I dont know what youre

Terry told me all about it, so dont even front. Hes on one of the Z.E.D. crews, comes in at night to the Minute Mart to clean up after your shift is over.

I shake my head. Stupid Terry. I knew I shouldnt have said anything to that cow. But shes my roommate at the Shelter, so what was I supposed to do when my old boyfriend came into the store last week, wearing those one of those god awful Z.E.D. track suits, taking my breath away?

I glance at my watch. Seven minutes. No way Im making it now, not even if I had a helicopter. I grit my teeth and walk back into the sand trap, enjoying the look on stupid Prents face as he scrambles away on his knees.

Listen to me carefully, Prent, because Im only going to say this once: Im going to meet Calvin, and Im going to dance with him and Im going to kiss him at midnight, and if you try to stop me I will hurt you, and then I will tell all the girls back at the Shelter how small your

He flings sand at me, but I already knew he would, so I raise my arm and close my eyes and jam my sneaker down where I think his knee should be. I miss, but only by half a leg because I jam my foot down on his ankle instead.

He screams and jumps to his feet, limping toward me when I scoop the rake off the fairway grass and use it to swipe at the back of his knees. He goes down, hard, clattering his teeth and biting his lip and as he looks at the blood I whip the rake around so that the metal part is against his throat.

Hey, Im not tops in my Zombie Self-Defense Class at Nightshade High for nothing. The athletes dont have to take them, of course. Not sure why. I guess because theyre big, dump and stupid? I dont know.

Prent is big, but not strong. Hes long, but not limber. Mostly hes just pretty, really, really pretty, which is why I hooked up with him in the first place. How was I to know hed turn into a needy, greedy, pathetic stalker type?!?

I squeeze down, standing above him as he whimpers, squirming in the sand. Stop struggling, I sigh, squeezing a little more. Just lay there and give up!

I shove down once more, until I hear him grunt and wheeze the last of his air, then I take the rank and snap it across my knee and toss both halves away.

Happy New Year, Prent, I huff, tearing off. Try to follow me, I call over my shoulder, And the next thing I break will be your arm.

I smirk, running, running, listening to him grumbling, cursing behind me. I know where youre going! he screams at my back, but by now Im too far away to turn back. Ill never let a girl whos kissed me kiss a zombie, Jade! Never!

I sprint, but its hard running and shaking my head at the same time. He calls out after me, voice growing softer in the distance: Ill bring the RAP with me, Jade. Ill tell the Reanimation Patrol where youre going. Theyll probably get there before you.

His threats fade in the trees as I reach the forest at the edge of the country club, where Nightshade High School was having its first annual New Years Eve Formal. Id gone with Prent because it was the only way I could get out of the Displaced Women and Girls Shelter past curfew.

I figured hed understand when I stood him up for the traditional New Years kiss. I figured wrong.

The woods are thick and slow me down, but its the only way to skip the check point at 14th Street so I twist and turn through the thick trees, feeling my recycled prom dress tear at the waist and twice at the hem.

I see the blinking streetlights on Mott Avenue and follow the tree line all the way to Sate Street, where its finally safe to emerge from the woods and walk the last two blocks to the Minute Mart on the sidewalk.

The town of Nightshade is deserted now. Ever since the New Years Eve Outbreak of 2018, the holiday has been pretty low key in North Carolina. This is the first time since, I dunno, freshman year weve been allowed to have a dance on New Years.

Of course, there are only 108 students left at Nightshade High and only about half of them showed up tonight, so the party was pretty lame. And like I said, I only came for one reason anyway.

I see it as I round the corner on Apple Avenue: The Minute Mart, closed now, even though the neon sign out front says Open 24-Hours.

Not much chance of that anymore. Curfew at 7 p.m. each night, not enough supplies to stock the shelves on a good week, and barely enough to keep the store open on a bad one. Plus the pay is so low only kids like me, desperate to get out of the Shelter five nights a week will even think about working there.

I slide out of my back pack purse and rustle in the bottom for my work keys. I dont want to scare him so I slink around the side wall, covered in graffiti, most of it ugly and anti-Shuffler.

I go around back, listening in the dark to see if any of Prents threats have come true. The night is still, even though my watch says its dead on midnight. I wait for fireworks, gunshots, sirens, the sound of Prent limping along, dragging the ugly end of the broken rake nothing.

Its just another night, now, the New Year just like the last, and the last before that. Nothing to live for, nowhere to go, nobody to kiss at midnight.

Except this year, hes back. Calvin, my boyfriend from The Before. After three years of not knowing what happened to him in the last outbreak, after three years of assuming he was like the rest of them, Shuffling off to parts unknown or rounded up by RAP, the Reanimation Patrol and extinguished or, worse, sent to live in the Z-Zone with the rest of the Untrainables.

But no, not Calvin. Somehow, I always knew hed come back. Or maybe Im just rewriting history. Either way, I was just standing there, slipping through a two year old issue of Hair Color magazine when the cow bell over the door rang.

I looked up to see the Zombie Employment Program van parked out front, the big letters Z.E.D. splashed all over the side, and a guy in a suit striding right up to the cash register.

Id like to see the manager, miss, he said, looking at my nametag but not using my name. Or maybe he was just looking at what was under the nametag, if you know what I mean.

Hes gone home for the night, I said as he flashed his Z.E.D. badge. Can I help?

He looked flustered, nibbling on the end of a thick moustache. Well, Ive got this Z.E.D. crew and I dont want to alarm you

I shrugged. I see them at school all the time, its no bigs.

Really? he asked, looking vaguely relieved. Normally theyd come after hours, you shouldnt have to deal with them but its my first time with this crew and I want to make sure theyre trained properly before I set them loose.

I nodded slowly, for emphasis. Its okay, really. Shufflers dont freak me out all that much anymore.

He looked at me funny, like Id said something wrong. Oh no, he scolded, like one of my teachers during Outbreak Simulation Period. We should never let our guards down. Shufflers should always freak you out.

I shrugged. You know what I mean. The tame ones, I mean. The Trainables.

He shook his head. Even the tame ones need supervision from time to time.

I snorted. That why you drop them off in your Z.E.D. van out there, and dont come back until theyre through?

His cheeks got red and he turned, quickly, bald spot gleaming in the harsh convenience store lighting. He went back to the truck and dragged two Z.E.D.S. through the vans open side door. I watched as they tumbled from the van, wearing their green track suits with yellow stripes down the sleeves and pants legs.

They looked like all the other ZEDS Id ever seen in town, cleaning up the roads or wiping out toilets in the girls room at school or hauling trash to the curb on Burn Day: gray skin, thick and leathery, stubbly heads covered by close cut hair, gaunt cheeks, shiny black eyes, yellow teeth, that shuffling walk and then and then he turned, and I saw him: Calvin.

Jesus, I muttered, letting the magazine fall to the sales counter. I was glad the supervisor wasnt inside at the time because he would have known, spot on, that I knew him, and then he wouldnt have let Calvin work there anymore.

But I played it cool and watched, carefully, as Calvin came in, shuffling around, eyes downcast as the supervisor dude told him what to do, how often to do it, and when to be ready.

Then hed left, without a backward glance. So much for supervising them.

I waited until Calvin had the broom and was sweeping the aisles and his partner was in the back, swishing toilets, to walk up to him. Calvin? I asked, but he didnt even flinch.

I tapped him on the shoulder and he started, black eyes wide, stumbling into the pet food aisle. Pet food is about the only canned food we stock anymore. Most pets are either dead or strays by now, and nobody can afford to feed them anymore. Not on the measly Existence Credits the state adds to our magnetized ID Badges every month.

But people buy the food anyway, because its cheap and vaguely nutritious. Hey, I cant judge. Ive been there once or twice, and, well its not so bad. Its also full of organs: liver, kidneys brains. 

I grabbed one. It was yellow, and called Miss Mays Private Reserve. Yeah, right. I held it up, and said, This has brains in it.

He snorted. Bad brains, he said, voice barely recognizable it was so low, and dry, and cold. I shivered, as if I could feel it, deep down in my bones. How much his voice had changed; how much hed changed.

I made a question mark with my face. He said, They feed us, good brains, every week. Fresh brains, not from a can.

I smirked. Classy, I said, putting it back on the shelf. I guess I was nervous because it was a little crooked and hed straightened it on the stack, smiling bashfully at me after it was done.

How are you? He looked at me, confused by the question. And his expression, so blank, despite the curved smile etched in his leathery gray skin, I knew he didnt remember, and my heart broke all over again.

He muttered fine and gripped his broom and went back to sweeping the aisles, and I didnt have the heart to embarrass myself anymore after that. 

Every night, for the last week, Ive watched him sweep the store, straighten the dusty cans on the half-empty shelves, wipe the windows of the beer coolers, shuffling around in his baggy track pants, and thought of what I might do to make him remember.

To make him remember the life he once had, the life we once had, what wed meant to each other, once upon a time in The Before. 

And then, when Prent asked me to the New Years Eve Dance, it hit me: a kiss. A midnight kiss, might bring back his memory. And even if it didnt, it could resolve some unfinished business and maybe I could quit stalking Calvin, let him go on being a Shuffler and living his shuffling life. 

Either way, once the thought entered my brain I couldnt get it out. 

And so here I am, at just after midnight, minutes late but still on time, because you only get one chance to rewrite history, and this is mine. Im not going to let 120-seconds ruin three years of waiting. 

I open the back door and slip in, locking it back behind me, just in case Prent wasnt kidding about the Reanimation Patrol and they come sniffing around before I get my chance.

The place is quiet except for the whisk of Calvins broom as he slides it, back and forth, forth and back, across the darkened floor.

The lights are off because they dont need them, their undead eyes blessed with night vision. I smile, slinking out of the stock room into the dim light of the store, closed for the holiday, lit only by the blinking blue neon of the ancient beer signs, already on their last legs.

Calvin? I ask, inching toward his aisle, and the broom stops.

I turn, to face him, but its not Calvin, its his partner, some gaunt looking Shuffler Ive never said two words to. 

Hey, he says, leaning on his broom, youre not supposed to be here.

I ignore him, heart pounding, throat dry. Where wheres Calvin?

He stands up a little straighter, suspiciously, eyeing me curiously. What do you care? I said youre not supposed to be here.

Then I remember, hes a Shuffler and Im a Normal, and in this day and age, I still rate. Im here to do inventory, I lie, finding my voice and standing a little taller, and youre threatening me. Do you want me to report you to your supervisor?

He shakes his head, but doesnt back down. Nobody said anything about inventory tonight.

We always do it on New Years, I lie again. And youre still threatening me. I reach for my backpack purse, sliding it off the poofy sleeves of the only prom dress I could still find in the thrift shop over on Mott Street. Inside the pack is the personal size stun gun that is standard issue for all surviving citizens of Nightshade ever since the Memorial Day Outbreak of 2019 (Why do they always attack on a holiday? Are they lonely? Homesick? Jealous?!?)

I flick it, just so he knows I mean business, and he quick-like drops the broom. They cant stand electricity, any kind, and even the little stun gun in my hand is enough to knock him out for an hour or two. Plus it hurts them, hurts them something awful.  

I flick it a few more times, corralling him to the front door. I unlock it from the inside, and hold it open for him. You can wait out here while I decide whether or not to call your supervisor, I tell him as he shuffles past, eyes downcast.

Only after I shut the door, locking it tight, jiggling it by the handle to make sure its really locked, does he stand up straight, eyes cold and black as he stares back at me through the bullet proof, zombie proof glass. 

Dont worry, he says, reaching for the beeper in his pocket. Ill call him myself.

I curse and turn from the door, fists clenched at my side as I walk toward the break room. Calvin? I call out, but he doesnt answer.

Calvin! I demand, then I hear a toilet flush. He steps out of the bathroom, wiping his long, gray fingers with a paper towel he crumples and tosses into the basket by the door.

I stare up at him, he always was a few inches taller. Didnt you hear me calling you?

He shakes his head. Thats not my name. With dry hands he points to the nametag on his ZED track jacket. It says, Parker.

I refuse to acknowledge that name! I snap, backing away as he heads back into the store.

Its the name they gave me at the Relocation Center, he explains, standing on the other side of the cash register. He looks back at me, black eyes filled with pain. After they tamed me.

I nod. I dont care, Calvin. Your name is Calvin. You you were my boyfriend.

He smiles, and there is a momentary flicker in my heart where I think, Hes been lying. This whole time, all week, faking me out by ignoring me. He does remember. What theyve always taught us, about the Big Blackout, its fake, its false, they just want to keep us dumb so we dont go chasing after our mothers, our fathers, our brothers and sisters our boyfriends.

Then he says, I think Id remember if I ever dated a girl like you.

I shake my head, throat dry. You did date me, Calvin, I croak, looking at the ground. And a lot more than that. I refuse I refuse to believe you dont remember those six months we dated!

He stands there, shaking his head. We both hear the sirens, at the same time, staring back at each other with wide eyes.

I grab his hand, yanking him to the front door. Here, I say, shoving off his shoulder to leap onto the sales counter. Look, just you dont have to remember me, okay?

Good, he snits, because I dont.

Okay, okay, you dont have to sound so proud of it I grunt, on my tippy toes, to reach the store clock. Its a battery deal, and is never right anyway. I fudge with the time all the time, depending on how early I want to go home, or how late I show up. 

I show him as I use a little wheel in the back to whirl both hands of the clock back to midnight. Then I leave it out, so the clocks guts wont start back up. Look, now its midnight again!

I go to step down and he reaches out a hand, to help. I hesitate, then take it. I havent Ive never touched one before. At least, not unless I was killing it. Its cold, so cold, dead cold, but why should that surprise me?

I reach for the radio by the register and flick it on. Sure enough, Auld Lang Syne oozes out, old-timey and beautiful, as if Ive never heard it before. Theyve been playing it non-stop since pretty much noon today, and I figured nobodys there at the station this time of night anyway, so itll be playing til morning, for sure.

There, I say, feeling self-satisfied. Now, one more thing I drag him along with me, back past the candy aisle, and the paper plate aisle, and the motor aisle, to the chip aisle, which is right across from the long row of coolers in the back of the store.

The sirens wail in the distance, battling it out with Auld Lang Syne as I reach into the milk cooler. Hes hovering, behind me, shifting from one foot to the other in his stupid track pants, smirking. 

I think the traditional drink is champagne?

He adds the question mark as I yank the last bottle of champagne out from behind the last gallon of milk. I knew wed sell out, I say, jerking a thumb at the empty wine cooler two doors down. So I hid this earlier.

I cant I cant drink that, he says, but I see his eyes widening, licking his lips just the same.

I know, I say. It gives me a headache, too. But just a little bit, for old times sake?

He shakes his head, but ends up nodding. Maybe, just a little. It gives me gas, though. You havent smelled gas until youve smelled zombie gas.

I chuckle, dryly, putting the cold champagne bottle between my knees. Thanks for putting that thought in my head, I croak. Very romantic like.

The sirens are closer now, probably already on State Street. Not much time. I make quick work of the cheap gold label, and the cork, sending it ricocheting off one of the ceiling tiles and raining down little clouds of asbestos, Im sure, on top of our heads.

I dont think well be around long enough for me to experience your zombie gas anyway, I say, breathlessly, pouring champagne into two paper cups. It fizzes over the top and gets on our hands. 

Cheers! I say, brightly, as if our world hasnt ended, as if the towns not deserted, as if everyone we know isnt dead, Shuffling or, like me, wishing they were. 

We clink paper and then sip, carefully. Its cold, and cheap, and sweet, just the way I like it!

I put my cup down, empty, and stand, arms extended. Now what? he asks, following suit. And so we stand there, inches apart, arms out, looking stupid, the clock set on permanent midnight, Auld Lang Syne playing on auto repeat from the tinny dime store radio on the sales counter.

Now we dance, silly.

He takes a step back, but I notice he doesnt lower his hands. I I dont remember.

You didnt know enough before to forget, I scold him, lurching forward until our hands are clasped together and I waltz him around, there by the milk coolers, separated from the front of the store by four or five aisles.

Its oddly intimate, twirling around, head full of quick, cold, cheap champagne, holding a boy you never thought youd see again, even though from the sounds of it, every Reanimation Patrol until in Nightshade is going to be bearing down on us at any minute.

Where did you go? I ask, putting my head on his shoulder. It smells like bleach, from the bathroom. 

I went where all zombies go, he sighs, breath cold on the top of my head. Into the Forgetting Place, deep inside the Big Blackout, and then I came out on the other side, and they tamed me and named me Parker and handed me a broom.

I swallow hard and ask, quickly, because time is running out and I want to know so badly, Whats the last thing you remember?

He pauses, saying nothing. Im about to ask him again when he says, Actually, its this. I think. I mean, dancing with you. But how how can that be?

I cling tighter to him, remembering. Remembering the last time I saw him, at some stupid house party, on some stupid street, at some kids place that must have been real popular that night but now I dont even remember if hes alive or undead anymore.

It was just before midnight, three long years ago, and Calvin Phelps held me in his arms, just like this. It was a few minutes until the big moment, and I was nervous about our kiss. Not because it was our first, not by a long shot, but because I feared it might be our last.

There had already been a few outbreaks in our neck of the woods by then: the Halloween Outbreak in Tennessee and, later, the Thanksgiving Outbreak in South Carolina. We were halfway through our freshman year and the Reanimation Patrol was lowering its age restriction with every new outbreak. I knew Calvin wanted to join, and I feared, after the New Year, he would.

And so I was nervous, about that kiss. And I shouldnt have been, because we never got to have it after all. At two minutes until midnight, the sliding door crashed apart, smashing open, from the outside, and I turned to find six Shufflers, mouths already bloody, eyes black and undead, stream into the room.

No! Calvin shouted, shoving me back, back, and I stumbled over some silly tramp in a hot pink dress running in the other direction and went down, hard, cracking my head against the stairwell. The last thing I saw was Calvin, arm up, defending himself as two zombies bit him solid, bit him good.

I woke up an hour or so later, buried under a pile of bodies, still warm. I shoved them off of me, my classmates, my friends, my study buddies and lab partners, and all I cared about was Calvin. The RAP was already there, and when they saw I was alive, they sent me straight to Processing.

The fallout was hard, ugly and swift: my mother and little brother, gone. Half my neighbors, gone. My postman, my doctor, my PE teacher, gone. Half my junior high class, gone. 

Calvin, gone. 

And I never got my kiss. I got put in the Shelter, with all the other girls from school who lost their parents. I went back to school, I put my head down, I rebuilt my life and never looked back.

And now, here we are again, back in each others arms. He shifts, back and forth, awkwardly. I rock, forth and back, just as awkwardly. He never could dance, and Im no better. 

Suddenly, tires squeal in the parking lot as the sirens threaten to explode our ear drums, and a fresh Reanimation Patrol threatens to crash our party.

He seems fairly calm as he looks down at me. Ive finally gotten used to his cold arms. What now? he asks.

Now were screwed, I huff, inching slightly away to peak around the corner and see what were facing.

He pulls me back, tighter, and shakes his head. No, this, the clock, the song, the champagne, the dance. Whats next?

I smirk. Jesus, all this planning, everything Ive risked, and I almost forgot! 

This, I whisper, leaning up on my toes the way I always used to. This is next. And we kiss, his lips cold against mine, crisp, dry and surprisingly soft.

The front door jiggles as the first Reanimation Patrol attempts entry. I hear voices, the clang of metal, the grind of heavy equipment and turn reluctantly from Calvin, inching my face around the top of the potato chip aisle.

Just break the damn door! screams Prent, standing front and center. Look, I see her there, peaking her stupid head around the potato chip aisle!

The RAP Team shoves him aside and I watch him wince as he favors his left leg, the one I cracked with the rake while he was still trapped in the sand trap. Hes still in his tux shirt, dots of blood on the collar from where he bit his lip.

I shake my head. I turn, as something metal and sharp and effective slips between the front doors and cranks and cracks and wedges them open. Happy New Year, Calvin.

He smiles, lips thin and gray and cold. Happy New Year, Jade.

My heart lifts and I leap into his arms, wrapping his broad shoulders in a merciless bear hug even as the zombie proof glass shatters in the front windows.

You said you didnt remember, I squeal, slipping from his arms.

Hard footsteps on the ground, rubber boots as the Reanimation Patrol floods inside. I dont, he says, pointing to the supply room door. There, hanging from a hook, is my employee apron, the nametag on front as big as you please: Jade.

He smirks, just before the first taser digs into his shoulder. But I loved the way you looked when you thought I did!



* * * * *


Story # 25:
Zombie Next Year




The band is still playing. I cant tell if theyre being romantic, crazy, sentimental or just plain stupid. Its like those guys who kept playing on the deck of the Titanic as it was sinking.

I mean, what the hell were they thinking?

The TV monitors were already on when the outbreak started. Theyd brought them into the gym special, just so we could watch the ball drop from the top of the local bank. Now all they keep showing are the zombies everywhere. 

Every. 

Where. 

All. 

Over.

The.

Place.

They tore through the marketplace where everybody was waiting to watch the ball drop. They tore through the shops and stores, still open late selling champagne and flowers and confetti and horn blowers to all the last minute shoppers. They tore along the banks of the river, where folks were settling in for the big fireworks show at midnight. They tore through the streets and the houses and the garages and the sheds, pulling drivers out of cars and breaking down doors and climbing through shattered windows and doing what they do.

Now they cant wait to tear through the rest of us. The last of us.

The last of the living

The helicopters hover overhead as they film our school gym, which is pretty much live on every station at this point. And not just local, anymore, either. GNN has picked it up. And MSGBC. The other networks, too, all over the country, probably the world by now, as the zombies crowd outside the doors.

Outside our doors. Just across the gym floor. 

Theyve swarmed through everyplace else in town, so were the only live meat left in all of little Nightshade, North Carolina. Outside of town, the army has crawled in, blocking off roads and mowing the zombies down with their special new zombie guns.

But here, in the middle of town, were pretty much the only walking brains left around. And they all know it. Every last zombie must be out there, trying to get in. 

To get US.

I can see them now, up on the TV monitors, staring over Phils shoulder as the music plays; there arent just hundreds of them anymore, there are thousands. Theyre backed up for blocks, all bottlenecked at the gym doors, like they know were inside.

Its like those lines that form just before Value Mart opens up at 4 AM for Black Friday shoppers. It stretches, and stretches, thick and moving, as one, as they shuffle and mumble, arms outstretched. 

Theres no getting past them anymore, that much is clear. Theres nowhere to go, now that were locked in. And nowhere to hide once they get inside. And they will get inside, no doubt. Its just a matter of time.

Which means were cooked, every last one of us still inside the gym. 

And were probably the only people left alive in Nightshade, which is sad, because thats just temporary. As soon as those chains break, as soon as the first zombie gets inside, or maybe the second or the third, thats it, were done. 

Every last one of us.

Life as we know it will be over. And the Afterlife will begin. 

There are only a few dozen of us left in the gym by now. When the principal stopped the band from playing Auld Lang Syne to announce the latest outbreak, most everyone split.

Including Chad Chalmers, my date for the night. 

Phil Brody could have split with them, but he waited for me to come out of the bathroom. Why, I have no idea. I mean, we hardly know each other. Hes a senior on the debate team and Im a junior trombonist for the marching band. 

But there he was, standing just outside the girls room, a bottle of champagne in his hand.

Ive got good news and bad news, hed said, voice a little shaky as he tried to be brave. Which do you want to hear first?

Bad news? I frowned, still looking around for Chad.

Okay, well the bad news is, the gym is completely surrounded by zombies and both our dates deserted us.

I hadnt believed him then, about either piece of bad news, but then he showed me the TVs. And when I scanned the gym, sure enough, Chad was gone. 

So was Phils date for the evening, Sasha Leone. 

And the good news? Suddenly I was the one trying to sound brave. 

He handed me a bottle of champagne. More bubbly for us!

By then everyone who was going to get out already had, and the rest had decided to stay behind, chaining the doors shut and locking them tight. The band, who was all older, broke out a case of champagne theyd been storing backstage for their own personal use come midnight. And wed been downing them ever since. 

That was over an hour ago, and the band is still playing. 

Auld lang syne.

Over and over and over again.

Only, since this is probably the last night theyll ever get the chance to play it, they keep switching it up on us. Fast. Slow. Jazzy. Reggae style. Bossa nova, whatever. 

Right now theyre doing a long, slow country version and, for my money, its the best so far.

Phil has a bottle of champagne in one hand, and we keep passing it back and forth. Were not so much dancing as kind of just rocking from side to side, really close to each other, face to face, keeping one eye on the TV monitors all over the gym, and the other on the gym doors.

They keep bulging in, and you can hear them out there, the zombies I mean, growling, hungry, ugly, mean and fierce. You can smell them, too, rotting and bloody, like a Dempsey dumpster full of wet copper.

I always thought Id be freaking out if I wound up in one of these situations, Phil says, a little glassy eyed from the bubbly. His red hair is cut short for the occasion, and he looks nice  if a little ironic  in his baggy blue tuxedo. 

What, dancing with a total stranger during a zombie outbreak?

He smiles, less glassy eyed now, more intense as he dances a little closer. Youre not a total stranger, he says, putting the champagne bottle down on the table next to us. I mean, we had detention together that one time.

I chuckle. Hes just a smidge shorter than me, so I can put my arms over his shoulders and get real close, which Ive always wanted to do. 

I mean, not in real life, and not necessarily with Phil, just in general. Ive seen girls do it in movies and it always looked cool. In real life, its even cooler.

And we were in the science fair that one time, I remind him.

His face crumples a little, eyes narrowing suspiciously. You you were in the Science Fair?

I snort. Hell no, but they made us walk through it during science class, so technically we were in the same place together during the Science Fair, which totally counts

My voice trails off and, behind us, the gym doors rattle, the zombie noises getting louder, the door bulging, bulging, until I look away.

Phil looks over my shoulder at them and a little more color drains from his face. Then he turns back to me. Whatever happens, he says, Im glad Im glad were spending our last night on earth together.

I shake my head. Why? I mean why did you wait for me like that? Why not run off with your date and MY date and the rest of them?

He looks at the door, the chains clanging, the zombies groaning. For one, I was scared of going out there We chuckle, because no duh. Then he looks back to me and says, For another, I figured this would be the last chance I ever got to tell you how I feel about you.

I blink a couple of times, because what else can I do? I didnt I didnt even know you knew me, Phil.

I know you, he said. I just, if youre dating a guy like Chad Chalmers, I didnt think youd want to know a dude like me.

Me? I chuckle, taking one arm off his shoulder to reach for some more champagne. How about you and Sasha Whats Her Face?

She just wanted to get out of the house and knew the only way her parents would let her be ungrounded for New Years was to go to the Winter Wonderland Dance with a dork like me.

She got grounded over Christmas break?

You know when those kids got drunk and tore down the Christmas tree in Market Square?

That was her? I ask, handing him the champagne bottle. He takes a quick sip, like hes distracted, and hands it back. 

Yeah, but she totally wanted to come to the dance tonight so shes been text-stalking me for, like, a week and I figured it was better than sitting around the living room with my mom all night, watching the ball drop and then drinking apple champagne and kissing her on the cheek before going to bed

I snort. Sounds like what me and my Dad do every year.

Yeah?

Except we prefer the grape juice fake champagne.

Me too, he admits, but Mom always buys the apple anyway. 

Moms are like that, I mutter. 

The band switches gears again. This time its a slow, kind of waltz-y Auld Lang Syne.

I peel my eyes away from Phil for a moment and glance at the bandstand. Its covered in white Christmas trees, hundreds of little lights blinking in time with the bands music. 

There are trees all over the gym, all white, all blinking, to match the Winter Wonderland Dance theme.

It seemed like a good idea at the time. Most of us have been cooped up all Christmas break, ever since that big outbreak in Tennessee over Thanksgiving scared us all into realizing zombies were real, and real close; just a state or two away.

Then with those two outbreaks in South Carolina over Christmas, and the nightly curfew and the National Guard at Nightshades borders, well, folks thought it would be good if we had something to look forward to before school started up again in January.

Enter the Winter Wonderland Dance idea. A gym full of cooped up kids, blinking Christmas trees, plenty of chaperones and a couple of armed guards standing outside the door. What could go wrong?

And now the zombies are here, right outside our door. The guards are gone, probably zombies themselves, or maybe hiding up in a tree somewhere, who knows. The chaperones have all split, but the Christmas trees are still blinking and the bands still playing, so theres that. 

And at least Ill look good as a zombie, in my snug maroon cocktail dress with the matching beaded purse and creamy maroon lipstick and the black heels that make me just tall enough to put my arms over Phils shoulders. 

That is, if they dont tear me to pieces before Im reanimated. 

I wag the champagne bottle at him before taking a sip. Then I ask him, You still didnt tell me how you know me.

That day, he says, taking the bottle from me. That day in Detention. I kind of kind of fell in love with you.

Im glad hes drinking the champagne, and not me, because if I was Id be spitting it out right now. What? Phil, you barely looked at me.

I was trying to be cool.

I snort. Well, it must have worked because I left there thinking you were the worlds biggest jerk.

Because I didnt talk to you? He looks shocked. Absolutely, positively shocked.

We were the only two kids in there. Even when Dean Schaeffer left early to pick up his daughter from daycare, you still didnt talk to me.

He laughs. He told us not to.

He was GONE!

I slap him playfully on the shoulder and he inches just a little closer, explaining, I thought maybe he had closed circuit cameras on or something and was watching us on his smart phone.

I think that would be illegal, I tell him as he hands me back the champagne. Its warm and flat but its possibly the last thing Ill ever drink. What possibly? It IS the last thing Ill ever drink, so I drink it.

He shrugs. I was too nervous, anyway.

I made you nervous? In Detention? You must scare easy because Im about the least intimidating person on the planet.

You must have intimidated somebody to get into Detention, he points out. 

I was framed, I say, and before he can push for more information I point out, YOU must have intimidated somebody to get in Detention, too.

More like the other way around, he says, blushing a little. Phil blushes easily, Ive noticed  and often. I let Boner Simpson cheat off of me in History and when Mr. Prescott caught us, I took the fall so Boner wouldnt tear me limb from limb after school.

I nod. That was noble of you.

He smiles. Well, whatever, I got to spend a whole hour with you and, after that, I just

His voice trails off, he looks away and hes blushing again. I inch closer as the band kicks into a calypso version of Auld Lang Syne and whisper, You should have told me sooner, Phil. Maybe then we could have come to this dance together instead of

He meets my eyes. But we are together. Now.

Yeah, but maybe if wed come together officially speaking, we could have left together. Sooner. Gotten out of here before this all happened. I take one arm off his shoulder to wave around the gym, at the TV monitors and the worlds saddest Winter Wonderland Dance theme band. 

And what then? he asks, shaking his head. Wed already be out there, reanimated, one of them by now.

I nod, handing him back the champagne. He looks at it, shakes his head and puts it on the table next to the other empties. You think thats what happened to Chad? I ask. And Sasha?

 He nods. I do, Cara. I do.

I nod and my arms just kind of slip off his shoulders. Before they can flap helplessly at my sides he grabs them, deftly, and holds onto them tightly, looking into my eyes. Im sorry, he says. 

And my Dad? I ask, glancing over his head at the TV monitors, still showing the zombie horde outside the gym doors. I need to stop looking over there. Every time I do, there are more zombies, the crowd outside the door getting thicker, the line to get inside the Nightshade High gym stretching out longer. 

And my Mom, and everyone in Nightshade, he continues. How could they survive that? He follows my eyes and, watching the growling, shuffling zombies, we both grow a little paler. 

I slump a little, eager to fall into the chair at the table weve been dancing next to. You cant give up, he says, yanking me back up and into his arms. You sit down now, thats it. Youll never get back up.

I look back at him, yanking my hands out of his. But you just said thats it. Were doomed, screwed. Why bother standing up?

He pulls me closer, so that I can smell the champagne on his breath and see the little spot of red stubble on his chin he missed shaving before leaving the house tonight. 

Dont you at least want to die on your feet? he asks.

I shake my head, throat tight with the sudden realization of where we are, of what were doing, and whats out there trying to get in. I dont want to die at all, I say, crumbling into his arms.

He holds me, both of us trembling, the moment intense and sad and embarrassing and intimate, all at the same time. When Im done crying, I try to push away but he doesnt let me, griping me closely and I realize its because hes not finished crying yet.

When he is, he loosens his grip and I inch from his grasp, reaching for two flimsy blue napkins on the cocktail table beside us. Theyre full of glitter and confetti, which sticks to our faces long after we use them to dry our eyes.

Im busy picking a miniature piece of champagne glass shaped confetti off his cheeks when the band finally stops playing long enough to announce, Its here, folks. Twelve o clock, midnight. Raise a glass, and kiss your partner, because its officially New Years Eve!

Nobody moves. Not a single soul. We look at each other, wondering if its a joke, when suddenly the band leader says, as if hes been listening to my brain think, This isnt a joke. Its New Years Eve!!! Happy New Years Eve, everybody!

Then he turns to his closest band mate and kisses him, dead on the lips, and the crowd suddenly cheers and they all start kissing each other. Guys, girls, girls, girls, guys, guys, doesnt matter, its like someone just released kissing gas into the air.

You can hear them, smacking and macking all over the gym, and the band guys are still kissing, laughing and hugging each other like theyre probably good friends as well as good musicians.

Phil looks at me and I look at Phil. Happy New Year, I say, voice raw from crying, and I lean in and kiss him. His lips are warm and soft, just like they look, and I forget for a minute that were in this gym, and that Chad left me in the girls room to face the zombies all alone. 

I even forget about the zombies for a second or two.

Then we come up for air and look at each other, and blink, and something has changed.  Not just with us, but in the room.

There are little squeaks, and shrieks, and suddenly drumsticks fall to the floor and there is a harsh, metallic whine of the microphone as it falls off the stand and onto the stage.

The zombies! 

I turn, looking, to see the door open wider than ever. One of the chains has broken, falling to the floor, lying at some zombies feet. They push, surging, skin gray and green as arms reach through the space between the straining gym doors, teeth yellow and bloody, eyes black as the midnight sky above them as they stare at us hungrily.

Phil, I gasp and he lets go of my hand. Phil?

Here, he says, replacing his hand with the neck of a champagne bottle.

Whats this for?

He smashes the fat end against the coffee table in reply, but the bottles so heavy and the tables so flimsy, the table just falls apart, knocking plastic glasses and blue napkins and glittery confetti everywhere. 

I chuckle and say, I see what youre getting at.

I kneel down, hold the neck of the bottle in my hand and smash the fat part against the varnished gym floor. It bounces up, harmlessly, but I smash it down again, harder. Harder, until it breaks. 

He does the same until were standing there, side by side, clutching our shattered champagne bottles. I always wanted to do that, I tell him.

Me too, he says, turning to me, and hes breathing heavier, eyes wide. 

He waits a beat and says, Im sorry.

For what? I chuckle. Not inventing a cure for the common zombie bite before New Years Eve?

He nods. That, and that I waited so long to tell you I cared about you.

Better late than never, I say, voice trembling, hands trembling. He sees and reaches for mine with his free hand.

We square off like that, hand in hand, champagne shards up, as the last chains break and the gym doors swing open. 

They swarm through, single mindedly, rushing at us like a slow moving wave across a flat, wide beach. Vaguely I hear the other kids screaming, and the squelch of a guitar as someone picks it up.

I look, just for a second, and see a single band member, standing alone on the stage, strumming his guitar until the gentle strains of Auld Lang Syne fill the air.

I smile and, by the time I turn back, the horde is upon us. I raise my arm to stab out at them, but its no use. There are so many of them, where do you start? I drop the bottle and it clatters to the floor. They sweep Phil away from me, his hand tearing from mine as the first zombie tears into my flesh with jagged, ragged teeth.

I scream out, but Im so scared, heart pounding so hard, I barely feel the tearing of flesh and splashing of blood as Im attacked. 

And then another bites into me, and one more, then another, until all I hear is their chewing, and my blood spilling on the gym floor in great, clotted clumps. 

And then they move on, shuffling along as I lay there, staring at the confetti on the floor, and Phils face, blood splattered like mine, a few feet away. His eyes are closed, his red hair mattered where theyve torn off his ear.

I want him to open his eyes, to smile at me one last time, to wish me Happy New Year, but his days of smiling are over. 

Mine, too, I suppose.

The zombies surge around us and I listen above their clomping and shuffling and growling as the single band member strums his guitar. Should old acquaintance I sing along as he strums, quietly, slowly, as if just for me,  be forgot, and never brought to mind

And then I hear them, footsteps on the stage, and the sound of his guitar squelching as he hoists it, smashing it into one of them until it stops.

And the guitar goes silent, and the munching begins, and I close my eyes, blood boiling, skin twitching, body growing cold as I struggle to remember the rest of the words: In the days of auld lang syne


* * * * *


About the Author:
Rusty Fischer


Rusty Fischer specializes in seasonal short stories for the YA paranormal audience. Read more of Rustys FREE stories at www.rushingtheseason.com. Happy Holidays!!!



