                                  True Survivor -The Seth Winston Story                                             
                                                      John Greenwood
Copyright 2013 by John Greenwood
                                                       Smashwords Edition










Chapter 1

Well its day two of our vacation and things seem to be going fairly well.  We still have wind and our boat hasn't sunk.  Even the autopilot is working. It has maintained our course almost perfectly. Its actually doing a better job than me, but dont tell Karen that because she says Im doing a great job, at least thats what she tells me.  I just wish she didnt have that fake smile on her face. But we may have a slight problem, the automatic weather feeder going into my laptop is indicating we are about to be hit by a major storm.  I wish it had given us some kind of warning, well it probably did but I just forgot to look at it, you might want to keep that quiet too. Storms can be rough out here, ten to fifteen foot seas with blinding rain and wind.  Not the place you want to be on a fifty foot boat.  I know what youre thinking a fifty foot boat. It may look big and fancy at the dock, but out here in the middle of the ocean, where we happen to be right now, it is no more than a rowboat without oars, or whats that the other expression, up something or other creek without a paddle. I mean you can easily find yourself in real danger with no chance of help getting to you in time, and we dont want that.  I mean if were going to go down, lets at least make it to our vacation destination first, so someone can tell the story of a lost family with a very brave and  handsome captain who went down with the ship, that would be me of course.   I immediately turn the wheel to try and avoid the storm. Thats the one thing the autopilot doesnt do, turn to avoid storms, so theres some kudos to me being at the wheel, Ill have to make sure and remind Karen of that later, hopefully she wont give me that fake smile again.  
 That a storm on there Dad? Marissa, my sixteen year old daughter asks me touching the big green blob on the screen.
Yep, and we are turning to avoid it.
AhhhDad.
AhhhMarissa. I say back smartly, I can still keep up with teen talk.
Have you looked back there?  She's pointing behind me.  I quickly turn my head and feel my heart jump right out of my chest.  Oh yeah, of course,  I quickly answer trying to sound confident and cursing myself for not paying more attention or at least looking behind us, so much for the kudos.  Thats why were turning and speeding up.  I say knowing we're screwed. Of course I dont tell her that.  I can see the giant black swirling clouds closing around us like a dark blanket.
Is that going to reach us Dad?
I think well be okay. I try not to picture us on the bottom of the ocean. I can feel the breeze picking up and the prickly drops of rain pelting against my arms.  .
Whats going on Seth? Karen asks curiously climbing out of the cabin.
Theres a huge storm heading for us Mom, Dads trying to outrun it.  Marissa picks up her video camera and begins filming the oncoming monster.  Maybe this is going to be my last moment.  I quickly fix my hair before she gets a shot of me, remember the handsome guy going down with the ship.
Can we go any faster? Karen asks.
Were doing almost seven knots in this wind. I answer back proudly.
I think that storm is doing about twenty.
I slowly turn my head around again. Its almost completely black behind us now. It looks like a giant black wall.  I can feel the air tightening around us and the the water waking up below me. Its not a good feeling.
Dad its getting bigger.  Marissa points at the screen.  The blob is now almost filling half of the screen and it is moving right towards our little triangle like a giant amoeba engulfing everything in its path.
It looks like it's fast moving so it should be over quick.  Im always so positive, nothing like a quick death to cheer you up.
Seth, I really hope this boat is capable of handling these types of storms.  Karen says looking over my shoulder.  I nod and want to say I do too, but I end up saying something else.  The man that sold it to us said it could handle anything.
Seth, he was close to ninety, I dont think he has left the dock with it in ten years.
I gulp.
What do we do Dad?  
It looks like were going to have to head directly into it. Were not going to outrun it at this point. Maybe we should have stayed at the dock too, so much for making it to ninety. I can feel the rain coming down harder. It's only a matter of minutes till we will be in the middle of it.  I know for us to have any chance at all we have to head directly at it.  One thing you dont want is to get hit from the side and roll with a giant wave. It could throw you off the deck or worse flip you over.  I quickly swing the wheel back around feeling the boat react underneath us like a wild animal being forced into a cage and head towards the storm. I feel like Im looking at a three hundred pound NFL linebacker.  This is not looking good.  We are probably less than five to ten minutes away from all hell breaking loose.
You guys should probably go down below. I point at the cabin entrance.
What about you Dad?  You cant stay up here.  She points the camera at me.  I can see the red light blinking, so of course I try to smile.
Seth, do you really need to stay out here?
I do.  I mean I need to keep the boat pointed in the right direction.  Remember I am the expert yachtsman, not the autopilot.  She just shakes her head as she always does.
Can you at least hook up?
I nod because I dont think I can even talk anymore my teeth are chattering so much. I quickly open the storage compartment grabbing three life jackets. I throw one to each of them and put one on myself.  The wind and rain are really coming down now. It is horizontal rain, you know the kind that hits you in the face and makes you curse.  I hook the tether to my life jacket and secure it to the boat. I am now officially going down with the ship.  I watch as Karen tries to smile, I know that worried smile. Hopefully, I will see it again, but I'm beginning to wonder as the boat begins to violently shake and rock as it battles the emerging seas. I feel like we're on a roller coaster falling off the track and did I mention I hate roller coasters.  I'm actually a little scared.  I can feel the butterflies swarming, and did I mention I hate butterflies too, but I know Marissa is probably filming this so I have to keep that confident handsome look. I know it will make great footage, if someone actually gets to see it.  Things are getting really bad now, not only is the wind swirling, a deep dense fog is rolling in.  It is coming so fast, I cant see the sails or even the cabin entrance anymore.  Maybe the camera won't be able to capture me now, so I can scream in fear without looking foolish later.  I lower the sails to a minimum hoping they will just keep us stable, but it doesn't seem to be working.  Every few seconds the bow of the boat rises way up in the air and slams down into the ocean.  I'm sure it's going to snap in half.  I can barely see the screen in front of me now, and it is no more than few feet away, but what I can see is covered in green. We are right in the middle.  The wind gauge is already registering sixty-five mile an hour winds, we are closing in on hurricane range, so much for the peaceful relaxing vacation.  I have to keep reminding myself that I actually enjoy this and we are actually on vacation.  I am totally soaked now too and the rain is pouring down.  It's like standing directly under a shower head with a giant fan turned on to the highest setting. I am beginning to wonder if we are going to make it, if only I had my Blackberry to send a farewell message.  I think we are literally jumping out of the water and landing on the other sides of the waves now, the seas are higher than I have ever seen them.  I try to imagine Karen and Marissa huddled down below probably praying and crying, but there is nothing I can do now except hold the wheel as tightly as possible and try to maintain the course through the storm. I doubt the autopilot could do that, more kudos to tell Karen about. I know there's some weather nut back on land watching this take place on some computer model and laughing knowing this is no place for man to be. I feel like waving, but there is no way I am going to let go of the wheel.  I shudder as a huge wave breaks across the boat and almost pulls me with it, the water feels so cold, I'm shivering so hard, but I'm not sure if it's from the cold or my nerves.  What a way to go out, I think as I look all around me.  Everything is a dark eerily gray color. They say its better not to see death coming and right now I'm not able to see anything, so maybe that's a good thing, remember the positive thinking.  I cant even see my hands in front of me or the laptop screen anymore, I dont even know if it's still there. I hope my hands are.  It feels like everything is being swept off the boat.  The noise of the wind and rain is deafening, I keep wondering if this is the end of the world. I mean I have been in many storms before, but there is something different to this one, it seems more intense, almost angry.  I think I can hear Karens voice yelling for me, but it's probably just the wind taunting me as we continue to roll violently from side to side.  Remember I said the side rolls are the worst and most dangerous.  At this point I have no idea whether we are heading into the storm or away from it; I just know we are in trouble.  Maybe I should let the autopilot take over, and go down below if I can even find it, but then Karen would think I'm not that great of a sailor.  All right, at this point she probably doesnt care and plus I'm not letting go of this wheel or I might find myself trying to swim.  Did I mention I dont like swimming either? I quickly turn the wheel, not really sure why, but it just feels right, at the same time I feel a huge rush of water blast across my body, this is it, I'm going under, our world is over, well at least someone will have a good story to tell. Unfortunately, it wont be me. I close my eyes as I feel the cold water engulf my body, I think I'm floating or swimming Im not really sure anymore.  I remain this way for what seems like an eternity I think.  And then all of a sudden everything is quiet, too quiet and almost blissful.  I guess I have drowned.  I'm scared to open my eyes, but I slowly do expecting to be hundreds of feet underwater with large sea creatures nibbling my feet, but instead, I'm sitting under the brightest and most glorious sun I have ever seen, I'm in heaven.  I'll have to let Karen know she was wrong; I'm not going to hell like she tells me all the time.


Chapter 2


Well here we are now in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle and things have been pretty quiet and calm after that awful storm.  It took a while to bail out some of the water and we had a few broken dishes and shelves down below that I was able to fix, but other than that we all seemed to come through it okay. And by the way I didnt drown.  I guess that qualifies the Jupiter 6 as seaworthy, maybe I will make it to ninety after all.  Even after that rough day we are still having a ball.  It has been too long since we've gone out to sea. Almost exactly a year to the day, not that Im keeping track or anything but when you have two demanding jobs and a kid in high school, I guess you take whatever you can get.  I am lucky though, I have a great family. I mean how many teenage kids are actually excited about spending three weeks of their summer vacation on a sailboat with just their parents.  Marissa spent at least a month prior researching every aspect of the Bermuda Triangle.  Just this morning she told me another story of a young family that had disappeared off the face of the earth after they entered the Triangle, I need to find out where she is getting her books from.  I dont see any real danger in the Bermuda Triangle, maybe because I'm reading different books than she is but it is still an intriguing place, and I'm looking forward to something different this year instead of our usual cruise to nowhere off the coast of Long Island. This is the official Winston annual vacation and we have been doing it now for years. I still remember changing Marissas dirty diapers in a cramped cabin with very little light or air for that matter, maybe the lack of light had been a good thing or was it the air, I cant remember, but we have come a long way since those days. We just purchased this fifty-foot Gulfstar ketch.  It's one of those large sailboats with the cockpit located in the center of the boat slightly above the deck allowing a much better view out ahead. It has always been my dream boat, and believe me every boater has one.  I have every instrument available to me. I already told you about the weather feed. I look at it a little more often now and this morning I actually looked behind us, but the most amazing thing is, it is all located on a small laptop right in front of me, the manufacturer a hot stock in my opinion.  That brings me to my other passion, the stock market, I like it so much I became a stock broker, or financial advisor as my company prefers me to be called right out of college. This consumes all my waking hours and really drives my family nuts, I have computers setup in almost every room of our house, even the bathrooms, okay not really the bathrooms, not that I didn't try though. They all display the current market information from all over the world. You know that annoying scroll that runs from one side of the screen to the other that no one over the age of thirty-five can possibly read. Yep thats my passion. Marissa always gives me that look that only a father with a teenage daughter can understand when her friends came over, I cant possibly understand why.  I even have the doorbell to our house set to the opening bell sound as well as all the alarm clocks in the house, drives everyone crazy, but I love it and they love me or at least they say they do. That brings me to another point, the dreaded three weeks without the stock market. It is going to be tough.  We all have laptops with us but none of them are capable of picking up a signal, except of course my Blackberry, but I vowed to them, especially Karen that I wouldnt check it, at least until the third week.  I mean thats a long time without a Dow update, but its worth it and Im pretty sure Ill be able to do it. It doesnt hurt that Karen hid it before we left and with the amount of storage and compartments on this boat there is virtually no chance of me finding it before the three weeks are up.  I guess I will have to start being really nice to her towards the last week.  Truth is we all get along great and always have a good time no matter what.  We each have our own interests that we spend time on during the vacation, mine is operating the boat and of course this year searching for that damn Blackberry.  Although the boat operating can all be done automatically which is really helpful at night, I still like to keep my hands on it.  Marissa, as I said is intrigued by the Bermuda Triangle, but her real passion is documenting things.  She is equipped with her cameras and her laptop and every where she goes she is recording.  Its always fun a few weeks after we return home to sit and watch her final edited project. She was joking earlier; at least I hoped she was that we wouldnt be able to watch this years project since we will all be sucked up by the powers of the Triangle.  Did I mention my family has a unique sense of humor?  I think she is going to grow up and be a director, despite my constant nudging how exciting the market is, and of course the constant reminders throughout the house.  How could anyone not want a life surrounded by that?  Karen, the other woman of my life, my wife, she loves to read, and before every cruise she packs the boat with novels filling compartment after compartment, my Blackberry is in one of them I might add. Her favorites are mysteries, she reads though them as if she were the prime investigator. I have even seen her take notes. I keep waiting for her to act one out on me, but thank God she hasnt thus far.  Me, Im not a big reader, except stock reports, did I mention that is my passion, so Im probably not one to understand the novel thing, but I guess its a good sidetrack from her occupation as an RN at a busy OB/GYN office. 

I decide to take another look behind us, no taking chances for this guy anymore, or as they say in the nautical world astern, but no one in my family enjoys my nautical mouth so I usually just call out for them to look over there and point when I see something of interest.  We are in what looks like a giant blue cloud, bright blue water and bright blue sky in every direction. It doesnt get any better than this, especially compared to where we started from, New York.  Though we live in New Jersey we keep The Jupiter 6, I think it would more appropriately be called the Hole in the Water on Long Island.  Its just easier to access from there and since we had both grown up on the Island we maintained some roots there as well.  We named our first boat The Jupiter thinking it meant some kind of exploration thing, it seems corny now, but we keep it anyway because boaters always like to let other boaters know that their current boat is one in a series of boats. That is why you always see the numbers after the boats name.  Kind of like saying hey I know this boat is great, but wait until you see number seven.  But of course we arent like that, no, not us.  Well we're coasting along under full sail, the tranquil breeze this morning has turned into a steady one and is moving us along nicely.  It's just something about the freedom one can enjoy knowing that they are solely under the hand of Mother Nature. I mean you could literally sail around forever if you wanted to and never have to worry about fuel or anything as long as youre not in a rush to get anywhere.  Karen is up on the bow coiling all the lines, I guess I should mention the OCD thing now, she is pretty obsessed with straight and order, I always tease her that she should have been in the Army, but it works out well because Marissa and me, well we are kind of the complete opposite.  Okay we arent slobs, but we sure arent neat freaks and it drives Karen nuts.  I watch as Marissa steadily holds her camera and points it all around us capturing the beautiful scene.  It doesnt matter what direction you look in, everything is a soft comforting blue with no land in site.  In fact we havent seen land in over a week now.  You really dont miss it as much as you thought you would after a week or so. Its kind of like when you give up sweets, I never have, so Im not speaking from experience here, but after a little time you really find you dont miss them all that much, or so I have heard.  There are some things that one must never give up but I wont go into any of those just right now.  
What do you think Seth?  How does she handle?
I take long hard look at Karen. She is still so beautiful at forty-three. It's like God has spared her of any aging since her twenties.  Her medium length brown hair appears aglow in the suns rays, outlining her soft petite features on her small frame. I always wonder what she sees in me, not that Im ugly or anything, but she's just beautiful in a way that I can never really explain doing her justice.  You'll have to take my word for it. Feels like a dream. I clutch the wheel hard between my hands feeling the ocean water rush beneath.  Nice job with the lines. I say.  I figure it wont hurt to butter her up now a little because I'm already missing that Blackberry, but dont tell her.  Even though it's a Saturday morning, there is financial news coming from somewhere.
Since when did you start caring about the lines? If it wasnt for me they would probably be still hanging off the side.
I wanted to say we are going to be away from any human beings for three weeks, so no one would see the lines hanging off the side.  Sort of like when a tree falls in the forest, but for once I keep my mouth shut.  Youre right honey.
Its a new boat.  I really want to keep it looking that way. She eyes the potato chip bag by my feet.  What can I say I love a beer and a bag of barbecue chips while Im on the boat.  Its not really new Karen; you know its almost ten years old.
I know Seth, remember I was there when we bought it, but its new to us.  She puts her arms around me.  I love it when she does this.  I just want this cruise to be perfect. I have a good feeling about this.  I smile and hug her back watching the boat icon on the GPS screen near the approaching buoy. You could navigate this thing as well in the dark as in the broad daylight and it could do it all by itself even better.  I'm a little nervous about going to sleep with just the autopilot controlling us, but I am every year and after two or three sleepless nights I finally give way to the sandman. Yes, he even visits you when youre out to sea, not sure how he gets here though, and by the second and third week Im sleeping a good three or four hours a night.  Thats a lot for me even back at home, especially with the foreign markets opening in the middle of the night.
Its going to be fun.  I have it all plotted out.
Marissas so excited about the Bermuda Triangle Seth.  We both look at her sunbathing on a towel near the bow. I'm so glad there are no teenage boys nearby. Her camera is at her side.
I just hope its as exciting as she thinks it is.  Besides that storm we really havent seen anything really exciting.
I know but she spent so much time learning about it.  
 It isnt really anything. Most of it is just folklore I say, trying to sound as though I have done some reading too.
Well just make a big deal about it for a while.
No problem.  I answer back grinning a little too much.
Seth. I know that look.  What are you thinking?  Karens big blue eyes bore into mine.
I was just thinking we could play a prank and pretend all the instruments are going crazy and say were going to go down.
Karen is shaking her head.  Seth, that is your daughter up there.  I dont want you scaring her. Besides didnt we already have enough excitement with that storm? Ill have my eyes on you.  She squeezes me even tighter.
I promise.  Ill be good.
That would be a first, but like I said before this feels good this time, like its going to be a special vacation. Im going to head down to our cabin and straighten things out, you stay up here and steer this big ship, Captain.  
I watch her climb down the stairs behind me into our cabin which takes up the rear of the boat. Notice I didnt say aft, remember the nautical talk thing. Marissas quarters are in the front, the middle of the boat is made up of a small galley, a dining area and a few chairs and couches to hang out on.  We even have a small LCD TV built into the wall to watch DVDs on.  I know so much for the one with nature thing, but hey even we Winstons needed a little artificial entertainment once in a while.



Chapter 3


Its now been over two weeks without land or any human interaction besides Karen and Marissa.  I can definitely get used to this.  Maybe Ill have to learn how to use the self-checkouts at the grocery store next. We are actually heading back towards New York.  The last week is the trip back home. We have to cross the same area that storm hit us from before, but we are prepared this timewell not really, but at least I know we'll survive. Marissa had gotten some pretty good footage from it; it was the highlight of the trip so far.  The Triangle has turned out to be pretty boring and Karen muzzled any attempts I made at playing a joke on Marissa, so much for fun.  There's also that Blackberry thing that kind of encourages me to follow her rules.  Last night we spent a good portion of the evening laughing at my expense on the television screen.  It was pretty funny watching me trying to steer the boat through that that storm. Marissa had left the camera rolling the whole time trained on me.  I'm constantly fading in and out of view.  Luckily, it didnt capture my defeating moment when I closed my eyes and left our destiny up to God and Mother Nature.  I didn't want Karen to see that, might ruin my image and put an end to any kudos, but you could sure see the water splashing all around me.
Dad, Im not ready to go home yet.
I get this every year at about this time.  As soon as I say we are heading home, she gets like this.  I watch her as she sits down next to me and looks around. She's probably looking for another storm. I'll have to let her know I already checked.
Honey, we need to get back home.  I have to work and dont you want to see your friends?  Luckily, none of them were boys or at least any of her close friends.  I know that is going to change real quick, but I dont want to think about that now.
I guess, but I like filming all this.
Didnt you get enough during the storm?
She smiles, same smile as my wife I might add.  I guess, it will be kind of funny to show that to everyone.  Maybe we should submit it to Americas Funniest Videos.
Youre funny Marissa the only place that tape is going is to me.
OhhDad.  It was good.  And you were so brave.
I shake my head.  If youre trying to butter me up, its not going to work.  I reach out and softly rub her shoulder.
Why not Dad, you do it all the time with Mom.  Did I tell you she is a lot like me?
Thats different Honey.
She looks at me with a big confused look on her face.  Why?
Well, because shes Mom.
Whats that mean?  She quickly answers back.
Why are kids so inquisitive?  I ask myself.  So I give her the same answer I always do.  Youll see when you get married.  I am already dreading that day.  Im not sure why, it is just something about being a father to a teenage daughter, trust me you have to be one to understand what I'm talking about.
Nice answer Dad.  She smirks.  Luckily Im taping this right now.
I playfully reach out and grab her.  You better give me that tape right now young lady.  I call out.
What tape?  Karen asks climbing into the cockpit.
You know, just one of Marissas tapes.  I say.
Yeah, yeah, Im sure Seth.  What are you up to?
Just explaining to our daughter how wonderful and great you are my dear.  Remember, we are getting close to Blackberry time.
See what I mean Dad.  Marissa says.
I laugh.
I dont think I want to know what is going on here do I? Karen shakes her head.
Probably not, I say.  I smile as Marissa taps the camera with her hand and climbs the steps down below.
So when do you think well be back Seth?
If this wind keeps up, Im guessing we should be pulling into our slip by Saturday morning at the latest.
Karen sits down beside me. This has been fun for you hasnt it?
Yeah, but like Marissa, I always feel sad heading home.
We still have five days left, if your calculations are correct, and would I ever doubt my little Captains calculations.  She's looking right at the laptop screen. I think she's trying to conceal that fake smile.  Plus, theres always next year, and I promise we can take weekend trips if you can get away from your computers.
You know I havent really missed them all that much this year.
I noticed, you havent mentioned the Blackberry once.
I couldnt tell her I have been thinking about it almost every minute and I did actually search through some of the cabinets last week while she slept late. I guess I have turned over a new leaf.  I beam.
Oh really, so I guess you wont be needing this anymore.  She pulls out my precious Blackberry from her pocket and pretends to throw it into the ocean.
Nono dont.
What about that new leaf you turned over? She is holding it only a few feet from me.
Karen, Ill turn over a new tree if you let me just check a couple of sites and some email.
I figured you would say that, so I turned it on for you. Its been buzzing straight for the last thirty minutes.  She tosses it to me, which luckily I catch.  Thank God for my JV baseball experience.  I quickly clasp it in my hands and watch my fingers go to work. It's like they are on autopilot, before I know it I have the stock reports right in front of me.  I am studying and analyzing them like I have never left the office.
So how do things look back there?  Has the world stopped since you have been out of the office?
You know I like this stuff.
She begins laughing. Like it, Seth.  You are obsessed with it.  I think we have what twenty TV's in the house all locked on CNBC.  I hear it so much I think I could name every stock in the Dow Jones.
Very funny Karen, I reply back still looking at the tiny screen. This is weird.
Whatlet me guess the market went up and then it came back down.  She's loving this.  She enjoys giving me a hard time, but I guess I kind of deserve it.
No really, everything seems to have stopped last Tuesday.
What do you mean?  She is still laughing.
I mean every email and website seems to be dated last Tuesday.  I cant get anything to update after that.
Probably the signal out here.
"It's on a satellite service."  I told you I was a little obsessed and it looks like the signal is good.  Im going to call and check our voicemails.
Okay, you enjoy yourself.  She kisses me on the cheek.  Im going to go find some lunch for us.  I guess you dont want anything to eat with a new leaf in it.
Get out of here. I laugh.  I quickly dial our personal messages and strangely enough the last one was the Saturday before last Tuesday.  I check my work messages.  I didnt think there would be any because my assistants were taking care of those.  That's how it is in the stock business.  A client cant wait, because the market changes every second, or fractions of seconds depending on how fast your computer is.  There arent any messages.  I try to control the urge, but my fingers begin dialing my partners number.  At least he can give me the latest Dow.  I dial and wait as the phone rings several times and goes to his voicemail.  I have to get an answer, so I dial my own number knowing one of my assistants will quickly answer.  I am surprised when it goes to voicemail as well.  What is going on?  I leave for a few weeks and no one wants to answer my call.  I shout out loud. I have to do it. I dont want to because word will get out that I had called the front desk while in the middle of the Atlantic on my annual vacation, but I dial the main number for the office anyway.  With sixty traders and two full-time receptionists the phone is always answered and usually by the second ring.  I cant believe what is going on; no one is answering the main line.  It isnt even going to voicemail, just ringing.  Then it hits me they are probably having a power outage. We get those periodically with the big thunder storms that blow through there, although next time I sit through one of those I probably wont call it big after what we went through out here.  Thank God for Blackberries.  I know my partner Gregs number off the top of my head. He is almost as obsessive as me minus all the TV's and computers decorating his house, but that is why we partnered up.  After several rings, I give up.  There is no answer.  Something isnt right.  He never misses a call. He might not have the same passion for the market as I have, but he makes up for it with his access to his clients, he is always available.
Karen.  I call out.
Yes, She yells back from down below.
What time is it?
Its a little before one.
In the afternoon?
She sticks her head out of the main cabin.  Yes, are you okay Seth?
Yes.  What day is it?
She's almost all the way out of the cabin now and staring at me like I am crazy, so much for her awe of her little Jupiter 6 captain.
Are you getting too much sun out here?
Im fine, its just no one is answering the phone back in the office.
Its the signal.
Signal is good.  Im getting voicemails.  Im going to try Greg at home.  Maybe hes home sick.
Greg hasnt taken a sick day in thirty years honey.  She looks concerned about me.  I like the look of awe better.  I watch her descend back inside.  I dial his home number and actually feel my heart lunge forward when he answers.  Whats wrong Greg?
He responds in a scary gravelly voice just barely above a whisper, You dont know?
Know what? I quickly answer not sure what I'm expecting to hear back. Has the market plunged? I wonder.
Give me a second. I hear him struggle to try and breath like he has a sock stuck in his throat.  Were all dying back here Seth at least those that are left.
What are you talking about?  I feel like I am being setup for a joke.  I immediately begin to look for Karen, thinking she's behind this.
There is a pandemic virus going around killing everyone.  Theres no cure for it.
What are talking about Greg? I ask again. Another long pause, I hear him take a long breath, it sounds like he is gasping for air.  Im serious.  Martha and Greg Jr. passed a few days ago.  I think Im one of the only ones left now.
I feel the air surge out of my lungs.  I cant breathe or even talk.  I feel like I'm going to pass out.  This can't be happening.  All I can muster is, Im sorry.
His voice is down to barely a whisper now.  I have to squeeze the Blackberry against my ear to hear anything.  Dont come back in Seth.  Stay out there for as long as you can.  Everyone is dead here, even the Presidenteveryone.
Whathow could this happen? I ask feeling tears begin to form in the corner of my eyes and perspiration building up on my forehead.  It feels like a giant wave is rolling over me again, but it's stronger and scarier than anything from before.
No one really knows.  He whispers in a very raspy voice.
Damn Greg. I cant believe it. Im so sorry about Martha and Greg Jr. I gasp.
My time is almost up too.  Once you get it, it only takes a few hours till your dead sometimes even less.
I know Greg is in top shape, the guy runs triathlons. He is like Superman and now he sounds like this.  I dont know what to say, I am still in disbelief waiting to wake up from a bad dream at any moment.  Take it easy Greg.  GregGreg.  There is no response.  I call out his name a few more times, but I know he's gone.  I immediately swing the Jupiter 6 back around and head back in the direction we just came from.


Chapter 4  

Seth.  Are you sure youre okay?  Why are we turning around?  I cant answer. I just sit there staring out at the horizon. It is so beautiful and chilling at the same time.  Somewhere out there is a deadly virus killing the human race and ending the world.
Seth.  She calls again, sounding more concerned.  My mouth isnt working.  I cant even move.  I feel a hand touch my shoulder, it is Karens and she is seated right beside me staring at me in great concern.  I have tears flowing down my face.
What is it Seth?  Nothing in the market can be that bad.  She squeezes my shoulder.
Its not the market.  The world is ending. We are all going to die.  I mumble and then spend the next five minutes explaining to her my call with Greg.  She sits and looks at me waiting for me to begin laughing but after I dont she throws up right off the side of the boat, so much for her sea legs. What about Mom and Dad?  She asks wiping the tears from her eyes.
I shake my head slowly back and forth, I already tried them as well as my parents.  No answer, the same for my sister and everyone else.  I even tried the Hammons next door.
OhSeth what are we going to do?  She begins looking green again, I immediately point her head towards the water.  What do we tell Marissa? Shes too young to die.
I squeeze her hand.  There may be a way for us to survive this.  She quickly turns her head back towards me and I began to feel a little nervous, funny how Im worried about vomit when mankind is ending.  I mean theres a chance.  We just stay out at sea.
Seth, we cant stay out here forever
Why not, we dont need any fuel. We can just sail all day.  Even under duress, I guess I'm still brilliant, I wonder if Karen will notice between her vomiting.
She shakes her head.  What about foodwater?
Remember whom Im married too? She looks right at me.  She is as still as the day we first met. Her deep blue eyes are full of tears, but I can still see that sparkle I fell in love with some twenty years ago. The woman who insisted we buy out the water at Costco in case we get lost at sea on some deserted island.
What about food? And how do we know the virus wont come out here?
We have plenty of food, youre a nurse and besides I can fish.
She places her hands over her face. This cant be happening.
I wish I could say it wasnt, but if it hasnt come out here yet, maybe we will be safe.  I mean it sounds like everyone else is already dead.
Dont say that.  Tears began flowing down her cheeks reminding me of the rain storm.  I try to comfort her but make sure I'm out of projectile vomit range.  How long would we have to stay on the boat?  She is right. I cant believe this is happening either and we are talking about staying in the middle of the ocean for who knows how long. I dont know.  I mean how long does something like this usually last?
Considering its summer.
Or winter depending where you are.
Oh God Seth nothis isnt happening. She vomits again.
I pick up the Blackberry, luckily its out of firing range and began dialing my contacts in Tokyo and just as expected there is no answer.  I quickly dial every number in the address book from all over the world.  Remember I stay up most of the night following the foreign markets, my now old passion.  I throw the phone down after about the tenth attempt.  Not one damn answer.  Karen throws her arms around me and we both remain that way crying for what seems like hours. I keep thinking about my seven year old niece and my parents and all of our friends.  Everyone is gone.  Why us? I keep calling out.  We both quickly wipe our faces and jump up when Marissa appears from below.  Whats with you two?  She is laughing.  At least she doesn't have that camera going for once.  What are we going to tell her? She suddenly stops laughing seeing dried tears smudged on our faces.
What is it?  What happened?  She sits between us and looks a bit confused, at least she isnt green.  We both look at each other and after an awkward moment of silence, I figure it is time to listen to the sound of my own voice again; I'm just not sure what is going to come out.  I just got off the phone with Mr. Brown, you know at my work.
Yeah?
And theres been something really bad that has happened back home.
What happened Dad?  I'm not really sure how to tell her, I mean what do you tell a sixteen year old that the world is coming to an end or already has.  She is just looking at me with those big innocent eyes that I am going to ruin with what comes out of my mouth next. I place my arm around her. There was a virus that apparently made everyone really sick back on land and ended their lives.  I know not very eloquent.
Everyone Dad?  Her face shrivels in fear as she tries to comprehend what I just told her.  I'm still on the lookout for vomit, so I lean back a little.
Unfortunately it looks that way Marissa.  I place my arm on her back.  I think well be okay though.  I look at Karen, who is staring off into space, probably thinking about all of her friends and family members who have died. Were going to stay out at sea for a while.  I think we will be safe out here.  I want to remind her that yesterday she told me she didnt want to go home, but I think it probably wouldnt be appropriate right now, maybe later.
What about Grandma and Boppa? She asks.  I can see tears forming in the corner of her eyes.
It looks like it affected everyone Honey.  We have tried to call everyone we know.  I think its best if we just try not to think about anyone and just try to figure out how were going to stay out here.  I wish I could have said something better, maybe we shouldnt have even told her.  I mean we have to though, she would ask why we were not going home and plus we need to stick together because for all I know we might be the only ones left. 
What are we going to eat? When will we go home? She cries.
Dont worry about the food thing, I think we have enough for a while and if you think were going to run out of water, take a look in the storage compartment between our bedroom and the bathroom I think most supermarkets would be jealous.  I look at Karen; she is still staring into space.  At least she isnt vomiting. As far as going home, I think we just need to take our time.  Your Mom thinks the virus will eventually die out becausewell theres no one left for it to attack.
What about school and everything?  
I dont know honey, I dont know. I just know we have been spared, so we need to make the best of it.  I think I'm starting to sound a little better.  Why dont you and Mom go take an inventory of our food situation?   I figure if they stay busy they wont have as much time to think about things, but there really isnt that much to do a few hundred miles from land. I'm not sure what we were going to do from here on out.  I watch them slowly climb out of the cockpit and go back down below.  I'm still hoping I will wake up, but it looks as though reality is going to win and I'm stuck in this bad dream.  I dont know where to go or really what to do, so I take my own advice, place the boat on autopilot, so much for Captain of the Year and began searching for my fishing gear.  I cant help not staring at the Blackberry.  I keep thinking of people to call, but to hear their eerie voices on their voicemail, just makes my heart sink.  There is so much I want to tell my parents, I mean I'm only in my forties and now they are gone. They will never see Marissa grow up. I guess I should appreciate the time we all had together.  I just pray they were some of the lucky ones and were overcome in a couple of hours and didnt suffer.  It just doesn't make sense, I mean I have heard all the bird flu stuff and of course the swine flu which really amounted to nothing more than a small strand of the regular flu.  I even told Karen I had received the swine flu vaccine.  I blew it off of course.  I hate needles and plus there was an IPO coming out that day, but how could a virus make its way around the world so quickly and be so devastating.  There has to be something we were missing.  I pick up the phone and dial 411, I ask the computer operator for the numbers for CNN and the CDC.  Of course, my excitement of hearing a voice turns to misery when the phones go to recorded messages.  Apparently, no one even had time to get anything together.  I know nothing about medicine except for a few medical stocks, but they arent helping me now.  I guess as far as I know the stock market no longer exists, I guess I'm out of a job. I wonder if Karen will ask me what we are going to do about benefits.  There has to be someone alive.  I mean we have seen a few other boats pass by since we left New York.  I would welcome just to hear a voice out there, just someone.  I keep calling customer assistance and get more numbers to call. Not one answer, I finally give up and begin typing in things on Google.  Finally, after about an hours worth of searching I find a small website that was updated two days ago.  It is a blog.  It was written by a twenty-something who lives in California.  He writes about the horrific details of what he has seen.  He said he's in his final hours, lying on his bed waiting for death to come.  He says he has seen planes fall out of the sky and ships full of dead passengers wash up against the shore.  According to him there are bodies piling up all over the street.  He says he thought most people didnt even know they had it, until they fell to their death.  He has been one of the few like my partner Greg who has actually survived for a time before succumbing.  He said he was a marathoner, so maybe it has something to do with having a high level of fitness, sounds like another excuse for me not to work out anymore, who wants to suffer longer than they have to.  I know he is nearing his end as I continue to read. The typos are getting more apparent and his meaning is becoming lost.  I keep reading despite it not making any more sense, at least I feel as though I have a connection out there.  After I read the last word, I just sit there staring at the screen till I hear the weather alert chirping on the weather system.  Apparently, it is an automated system because it is still functioning.  I glance over at the screen seeing another large storm making its way towards us.  Oh well, I think, it cant be any worse than what we already went through and even if it is, maybe it is Gods way of sparring us from this awful virus.  I immediately call to Karen and Marissa to warn them of the storm, I'm actually looking forward to it.  I want to stand and fight this, maybe this is my way of trying to get back at what cruelty has happened and make a stand for all of mankind or at least what was left of it.  I just hope we arent it.


Chapter 5


It's been several months now since that fateful day. We survived the next storm as well as two other monsters, none of them quite as powerful as the first one, but even if they had been I dont think we would have noticed anyway.  We barely speak to each other anymore, not because were upset or anything. It is just that shock has set in, you know the steps they say that take place after you suffer a great trauma.  Karen spends her time preparing food and organizing our meals to be sure the food lasts as long as it can. I noticed my belt size has dropped a few inches so she must be doing something right.  Marissa runs her video camera non-stop, constantly talking into the camera and taking notes.  Me, I spend every hour at the helm, I mean literally every hour.  I basically sleep at the wheel at night; at least I think I do.  I just know I havent touched a bed in weeks or even months now.  I know it's not healthy, but I dont know what else to do.  I continued making phone calls up to about three weeks ago after finally giving up not making any connections.  I even resorted to just dialing random numbers like we all did when we were kids. I'm becoming convinced we are it, we are the only survivors.  For a while I was thinking the fish didnt survive either but eventually I started catching them. I felt like I was turning into a machine.  I even learned how to gullet a fish, but this just isn't working. I mean how long can we go on like this just surviving, and for what are we surviving for.  There is no end game as far as I can tell.  I guess we are just prolonging our existence, kind of hoping for some miracle or sign of life to come and rescue us.  I even changed my mind about switching to the self-checkout lanes at the grocery store 
"You need some help Dad? I slowly look up and cant help but notice how mature Marissa looks.  She couldnt have grown up that quickly, but maybe the weight of the world or lack thereof will do that to you. God knows what I look like.  I havent shaved or showered for weeks, but she seems to be coming back to herself.  Maybe it's time for me to get back to who I am too.  I just wish I could remember what that is.
Sure.  What you have to do is bait this line and then cast it behind us and hopefully something will bite.  I watch her bait the hook, it looks like she has been doing it for years. She casts and lands far behind the boat.
Nice cast honey. Where did you learn to do that?
She shakes her head, Cmon Dad youre the one who taught me, ever since I was like six or seven we have been fishing off the beach and our boats.
She is right, what is wrong with me? Maybe I do need to find my way to a bed and a shower.  I guess Im a little tired, So much for the smart captain.
A little Dad?  You look awful.  She takes me in with her eyes, looking at me from head to toe.  I suddenly feel so dirty.  She's dressed in a light collared white shirt, shorts and a pair of clean white tennis shoes and I am one step away from looking like I live on the streets.  I mean I dont even think I have changed my clothes in weeks.  Even Karen has given up saying anything to me.  I suddenly look all around us.  Everything looks different.  The boat, the horizon, even the lines are hanging off the side of the boat.  We have all stopped living.  I even miss that OCD, but dont let Karen know that.
Thanks Marissa.  I mean really, thanks.  I think its time I got my act together and stopped feeling sorry for myself.
Remember Dad youre the one who always says we need to stay strong.  She tugs on her line.  She couldnt have caught something already it takes me hours just to get a nibble.  Whoever taught this girl how to fish must be some kind of an expert.
I think we need to get back. I say, at least thats what comes out of my mouth.
What did you say Dad.
We need to get back to the world.  Or what is left of it I should have said.
She quickly turns her head towards me.  Are you sure its safe?
I respond with the truth, hey maybe I'm changing for the better, better let Karen know.  No, Im not, but how do we know this is safe, maybe there are people back there that need our help. We cant keep living like this.  The Jupiter captain is back. Well maybe hes not so handsome right now. I look down at my torn and dirty shorts, but he is back, and after a shower and a shave you never know.  I immediately jump up.  Karen.  I call out till I hear her sheepishly answer.  We need to go back home, we cant do this anymore.
What did you say?"  What's with this family and not being able to hear me. "Im not sure its safe yet Seth.  I mean the virus could still be lingering.  She steps out of the cabin looking concerned and sits next to Marissa who is still pulling on her line.
How do we know if it will ever be safe? I respond.  
I guess youre right.  I love when she says that, it is so rare.  I wish Marissa had her video camera working right now.  Where would we go?
Back home.  I immediately reply.
How about Washington, DC or New York City?  Marissa says reeling in her line.  I cant believe it she's already caught a fish and for once I'm actually feeling hungry.  
I guess that is a good place to start.  I mean if there is anybody left they would be there right?  Karen adds.  Can we sail there?
Sure." I say a little too energetic causing them both to eye me strangely. "To get to DC you go in the Chesapeake and then up the Potomac right to the nations capital.  I figure I better remind them of my great nautical knowledge every now and then, though they dont seem very impressed.
 I think that sounds like a good idea.  Lets do it.  I immediately swing the wheel around, not really sure why because I have no idea which way DC is from here. I guess I'll worry about that later, but it sure feels good to be actually going somewhere, so much for our annual vacations to nowhere.  In about five minutes, I pull up the coordinates for the Capital and set the boat on autopilot and head to the showers to much appreciation of my wife and daughter Im sure.  Before I head down, I watch Marissa reel in a big blue which I'm sure will make a good dinner tonight.  After my shower there is no way I'm going to gullet that thing, so I hide down below till I can smell it cooking. I'm hoping it wont be our last supper, but so much for negativity and false hope.  I'm already feeling my legs walk on the firm ground, especially in Washington, DC.  Of course, who knows what we will find.  I try not to imagine what it will look like.  It has been a while since we have been there.  We visited a few years ago and did all the usual monuments and museums, but the thing I remember the most was the heat and the crowds of people. It is just so hard not to imagine the world as we know it, I mean it has always been that way and I think we all thought it would always remain that way.  
How long till we can get there Seth?  I chew on another bite of the succulent fish, I'm so glad I didnt have to clean the thing.  This is a great evening, the weather is nice and were all having such a wonderful time telling stories of all the happy times we can remember with our friends and families and I'm clean and shaven with no fish guts on me. I never found out who actually cut the fish.  I just wish she would turn that camera on again.
We can be on the Potomac in four days. Were not as far out as I thought we were.
So much for me and my great navigation skills, I dont know what I have been doing the last few months. I guess we have been sailing in circles, but no one noticed especially not me.
Whats it going to be like Dad?
Im not really sure what to expect.  I feel my heart flutter in my chest.  I have been feeling that a lot lately, especially when I think about what has happened.  We just have to go there and see what we find and take it from there.
I think we should all wear gloves and masks.  Karen adds.
That is probably a good idea.  I answer before realizing we probably dont have any, but I look over and Karen she has a slight smile on her face something I hadnt seen for weeks.  Let me guess you brought those too.
You know it. She says.  Remember Im a nurse.
I nod, I hadnt really forgotten. I mean my mind has been drifting in and out lately, but we have been through a lot the last while and I'm definitely not my usual self.  You know what guys that was a great meal and I think Im going to turn in.  I watch as they both look at me in amazement.
Youre actually going to go to bed Seth?
Are you sure youre okay Dad?
I smile and nod.  Im going to let the autopilot do the job tonight.  I need a good nights sleep to get us back in.  I think we should all do the same.  Am I feeling okay? I'm not really sure, but I dont want to feel dirty again so I head down towards the clean sheets.
Ill be right there, just let me clean this up, Karen answers still looking quite surprised.
I think I'm going to record this night.  I think it is important. Marissa says.
I didnt want to tell her that this was probably going to be a very insignificant night compared to what lies ahead, if we make it that far.  Ill admit, I am nervous about what we are doing, but I know we have to do it.  I mean how long can we keep running.  We have been out here sailing around for almost three months now and I love sailing, but it just isnt the same when there is the possibility that we are the only human life left. That was my last thought before I drift off to sleep unsure of what tomorrow will bring us or even if there will be a tomorrow.   I wonder what the market is doing.  I know there's no market anymore, but it sure feels good to think about it and plus, Ill have to find another use for all those TVs and computers in our house, maybe Marissas movies.



Chapter 6   


This is it, four tense days later we are entering into the famous Chesapeake Bay. You know the home of the famous blue crabs; just thinking about it makes me hungry.  We are getting close now.  I can feel it. The last few days have been pretty uneventful except for the growing apprehension of facing reality. I really am starting to dislike reality, but we have been acting like people again.  I actually slept in a bed all four nights. The lines are neatly tied up again and Marissa has gone back to filming me, maybe it's because I have cleaned up a little.   We are opposite Norfolk now, still pretty far off shore, but close enough to see the hundreds of large ships and boats tied up at the piers along the shore.  I have never travelled through this area, but I expect it to be crowded and full of boats in and out of the harbor, but there is nothing not even a rowboat.  I have binoculars besides me, but I havent gotten the courage yet to take a look at the shore.  I'm just not ready to face that yet.  I'm trying to stay directly in the center of the bay far enough away from the shore to not only keep any possible unpleasant sights from our vision, but also to keep far enough away from the virus. I wonder if Karen is impressed.  We all put on our masks and gloves as soon as we enter the bay. I still want to use caution despite the fact that we will be in Washington, DC sometime tomorrow.  I've taken down the sails and we are traveling strictly on engine power, yes we actually have a little gas left.  I'm not taking any chances.  Karen is seated next me and Marissa is of course filming the passing landscape.
Seth.  Look up ahead.  Theres a boat moving this way.  She points off to the right of the bow. I look where she is pointing and sure enough there is a small open cockpit power boat coming towards us. I feel my lungs tingle with excitement, there is life!  I'm so excited.  Marissa!  Marissa!  Film this.  I point at the boat we are now closing in on.  I'm guessing it's a couple of guys out fishing. I can't wait to talk to them. I have so many questions. I wonder if they are as excited as we were.  Karen and I are both standing up.  It's still a couple of hundred yards away and it doesnt appear to be under power, probably drifting trying to catch fish.  I nudge the throttle a little and aim directly towards them. I hope they dont think I'm trying to hit them.  I cant remember feeling this excited in a long time, well except the day the day the Dow went over ten thousand, did I tell you thats my real passion, but thats another lifetime now.  
Slow down Seth.  Karen calls out.  I guess she forgot I'm the expert sailor, but I immediately slow down as we near the small vessel.  They are now less than a hundred yards away and I can see what looks like three figures hunched over, maybe looking at their fishing gear.  We began waving frantically.  Why dont they see us?  I would have thought they would have been jumping for joy.  I grab the binoculars and quickly focus in on the boat.  At the same time I grab the wheel and swing it around the other way pulling away from the little boat as quickly as I can.
Put that camera down Marissa? I yell.
Whats wrong Dad? She asks still holding the camera in the direction of the boat.
Put it down now Marissa.  I scream, and I never yell, especially not at her.  I watch as her face begins to crumble and she runs to Karen.
What are you doing Seth?  I cant answer.  Finally after a minute I cough out.  They are all dead.  They look like they are half rotted away, but I didnt look that close and I sure didnt want to say anything.  Im sorry Marissa. I just didnt want you to see that.  I step away from the wheel and give her a big hug.  I dont let go until we both stop shaking.  It is real.  There has definitely been a virus. Up ahead I can see more small boats floating aimlessly in the bay.  I avoid each one of them as best as I can, making sure not to look in their direction.  Marissa has gone down below with her camera.  I think it is just too much for her.  I mean it is too much for me, and I'm a big tough sailor, according to Karen.  
SethSeth.  Karen cries out.  I see what she is looking at and I quickly turn my eyes.  We both look at each other as the tears begin to flow freely.  This is too much to take. Maybe we should have stayed out to sea. I hope she doesnt come back up. I wish I could go down too.  I cant believe it there are bodies everywhere just floating in the bay like pieces of torn up driftwood.  I give up trying to avoid them and just plunge forward keeping my moist eyes ahead and trying to keep the vomit from protruding out my mouth, but I know I'm losing this battle.  I try to pretend we are just heading to the Nations Capital, but it isnt working.  Once again reality is winning.  A few hours have gone by and after seeing hundreds of boats and bodies, my stomach finally decided it had had enough, I just wish my mind would feel the same way.  I havent grown accustomed to it by any means, but I am managing not to pay any attention to them at least in my mind.  We sailed the night through. Luckily we couldn't see anything at night, so my twisted stomach got a needed break; maybe I'll be able to eat again soon.  Ill have to ask Karen I she knows how to prepare blue crabs. Up ahead the morning fog is lifting or maybe I am waking up, I'm not really sure it has been a long night but ahead I can see what looks like a giant monster reaching up to the sky.  It's definitely another moment of truth, we are getting ready to go under the Chesapeake Bay Bridge, the two and half mile long span that connects everything to the Eastern Shore of Maryland.  I know it's normally backed up with traffic going both ways on both spans, but as we near it I cant believe it there isnt a single car on the bridge, must be a light weekend.  It is completely empty and as we pass underneath, I cant even hear a sound.  It is really eerie.  Marissa climbs up the steps and begins filming the bridge looking straight up at it. You know one of those artistic shots.   There are more and more boats now, almost everywhere and I'm reluctantly beginning to look at each one now.  Kind of hoping I will see one sign of life, but everyone has the same, a slumping rotting figure and no sign of life.  Not a pretty sight.  I don't even want to venture into what they smell like though I have my guesses. I am really beginning to regret our decision to return, but I know it was what we had to do.  There has to be someone alive somewhere.  Several long hours later, we enter into the waters of the Potomac, I speed up the engine because darkness is closing in and I like going fast.  I can't believe Karen doesnt even complain. I figure we can sleep on the boat tonight and then in the morning if we are still alive, I hope we are. We can head onto shore.  As we motor down the Potomac, I can see the lights from the city above and the house lights passing us by on the shores.  For a moment I almost forget anything has happened.  Things look normal, but in my heart I know that isnt true.
Hey Dad, when are we going to stop?  Marissa is still filming everything.  Will probably make a great documentary one day, too bad there would be no one around to see it.  Im thinking we can drop our anchor right off of DC.
Is that safe?
As safe as anywhere else I think. I've heard the crime rate has dropped recently in D.C.  
"Dad."
I cringe every time any one of us coughs or clears our throats or anything thinking we have the virus.  We are still wearing our masks and gloves, but will that be enough.  I mean this thing looks like it killed an entire population.  I had always heard about things like this happening in movies, but no one ever thought it would actually happen.  I mean with today's medicine and quarantine methods we should be able to stop something like this, but obviously it didnt work this time.  Now I know how the last dinosaurs felt, I wonder if they had masks too.
Its so weird Dad.  It looks so normal.
I know honey. I just wish I could say it was.  Luckily, we can't see the floating bodies or drifting boats anymore, but it is just too quiet.  I have never felt so alone.
Thats Mount Vernon right?
I look off to my left and see George Washingtons looming mansion peering at us on top of the hill.  It is all lit up.  I can only imagine what old George is thinking now with everyone gone.  Pretty isnt it?
Yeah, I remember when we went there.  Remember those beds.
I think back to our Washington, DC vacation again, we had had so much fun, especially at Mount Vernon.  Marissa had been amazed at how simple they had lived back then without televisions and radios.  I wonder if I should tell her were probably heading back to that.  Thats how it was back then. I said. I take one last look at the mansion before seeing the runway lights up ahead glowing through the darkness at one of the countrys busiest airports, Reagan National.  I clearly remember when we were here we would constantly hear the roar of another jet landing or taking off above our heads and now nothing but the sounds of silence.  Beyond the airport we can see the white marble reflecting off the sharp spotlights outlining the Washington Monument.
There is it is Dad.  Marissa immediately begins filming the scenic sights of our Capital. As we near the city, all the monuments come into view each one symbolizing one great leader after another and now they are all gone, everything they stood for erased from history forever.  I know I sound a little depressed, but it is a tough vision to conquer.
Remember we went to the top Dad and your knees were shaking when we stepped out of the elevator.  Why do kids always remember that kind of stuff?  It was cold up there.
Yeah right Dad.  Youre scared of heights and you know it.
You were a little nervous Seth.  Karen adds slightly smiling.  
Okay maybe a little, but remember I was the last one in the elevator going down.
Yeah because your legs wouldnt move, Marissa says laughing.
I actually laugh too. It is a pretty funny image. A grown man frozen on top of the Monument, but I did eventually go down, although it took Marissas clucking like a chicken to get me to move.  As nervous as I was then is nothing to how I am feeling right now, maybe thats why we were all having a good timefear.  
Watch out Dad.  Turn.
I quickly jar the wheel to the right.  What is it?
I dont know a sunken boat or something, but you almost hit it.  I look to the left of us and see a long white sleek hull partly sunken in the river. It isnt till we are directly beside it that I realize it is a fuselage of a jet.  This is awful.  I mean how can people just die instantly like that.  I thought my partner Greg had said it took a few hours.
Thats a plane Seth.  Karen calls out seeing the same thing I'm seeing.
How did it crash there Dad?  Marissa is filming the wreckage.  Luckily, there arent any bodies or at least we dont see any.  I think its all part of the virus.
Im scared Dad.
Itll be okay. I say, great dad again. Isnt that what youre supposed to say to your kids when they are scared.  I just wish someone would say that to me.  I look at Karen.  She looks back at me. Her eyes are filled with fear.  Well get through this.  It's time for one of my famous speeches, what can you expect when youre standing in front of the great monuments and you are the Jupiter 6 Captain.  Remember the handsome and brave guy and I did shower and shave.  Whatever happens tomorrow when we go ashore, we have to be strong and stick together.  We may be all thats left.  I watch as both Karen and Marissa maybe realize for the first time they may be the only human beings left. Somehow we were blessed or spared by this tragedy."  I'm not really sure we are, but you know when youre making a famous speech or maybe you're last words you have to include remarks like that.  "I say we anchor right here.  I look around we seem to be in the center of the river and several hundred feet from the shores of Washington, DC.  You can still see the Woodrow Wilson Bridge back behind us, empty of course and parts of Old Town, Alexandria, the quaint little town that Karen had fallen in love with and spent a lot of money in I seem to remember.  It seems like the best place to stay, so I say, I think well be good here, we shouldnt have to worry about any boat traffic.  All right it isnt funny and both Karen and Marissa let me know it isnt but I try.  Karen. Can you watch the wheel while I lower the anchor?  I call out.  The boat has everything except an electric anchor that was extra money.  It has to be thrown overboard by hand and only I can lift it at least thats what the other two say.   Anchoring is always a tense time for any boater but even more so for us. Im not sure why, but Karen and I can just never get it right.  We always have Marissa in the middle so she can pass messages back and forth between us, although some time things get so heated she doesnt need to be there because someone a mile away could hear our arguing, but somehow tonight we drop the anchor on the first try and it sticks.  I give it a good pull and have Karen slightly thrust the engine to ensure it is holding.  We are here and no signs of sickness. None of us feel ill or are showing any signs of being sick.  Karen is constantly checking all of our temperatures to make sure, but hopefully the virus has blown out of here or has died off when it ran out of people or whatever they do.  I hope it's not happy we're here. There have been a few mighty rainstorms here in Washington this summer that I am sure of. The place is definitely known for hot sticky days and scouring thunderstorms at night, so hopefully we are safe, but you never know.


Chapter 7  


I wake up to the aroma of hot coffee. Karen must have gotten up early.  I havent slept that soundly in weeks.  I look up at the clock and cant believe it is almost eight oclock.  I can feel the suns rays burning through the cabin windows. It's as if they are trying to lift me out of bed. I hope they dont try. I respond by hopping up and bounding out of the bed and the cabin.  Karen and Marissa are sitting in the cockpit eating toast. Yes Karen has brought along close to a hundred loaves of bread, the good stuff too, you know the kind with all those little grains on it.  How she keeps them from getting moldy I dont ask. I just eat and make sure I dont bite into anything green.  
Look what the cat dragged in Marissa.  There is definitely something different about Karen.  She seems perkier and fuller of life than she has in weeks.
Whats going on guys? I ask rubbing my eyes as they try and adjust to the light.
You were sleeping so soundly we didnt want to disturb you.  Once again I go through the same process I have gone through every day since I talked to my partner Greg.  I ask myself if the whole thing has been a bad dream.  It doesnt take me long to realize it hasnt as soon as I see the masks on their faces.  I took mine off last night. I found I cant sleep with it on.  Besides, Karen said the masks dont really prevent anything from getting in; they are more for keeping things from getting out.  Or in other words, it is just a security blanket. Of course I dont say that out loud in front of Marissa, because I dont want to get in trouble from Karen.
Are you ready to do it?  I cant believe she is asking me that in front of our daughter.  I smile. I havent heard those words since we started dating in college. "Ready to go ashore Captain."
You sure youre okay Dad?
I rub my eyes again and answer, Im fine.  As if every day I march my family to their deaths.   I guess I just slept a little more than usual.
You can say that again.  Karen chides.  She is really in a good mood or at least she is acting like she used to before this all had happened.  It seems so long ago.  I think it has only been a few months, but it feels like an eternity especially since all three of us have been living in a fog.  I look over at white monuments protruding from the ground almost daring us to enter.  I think we should do this.  Let me eat something and then lets go.  Maybe this is the last breakfast.  I gulp down a few pieces of bread and drink the remaining coffee.  It tastes good, but Im sure every prisoner on death row says the same thing before they are led to the chamber.
We quickly go through the process of pulling up the anchor. No arguing again this time, maybe this end of the world thing isnt so bad after all.  I run back to the cockpit and begin to guide the boat towards the docks along Water Street. I figure that is as good as any place to go, since it was filled with seafood restaurants and there are usually people everywhere.  Yes, Karen had insisted we eat there on our vacation down here.  The most expensive place too I should add.  In about ten minutes we are tied up.  The dock is crowded with many boats but we easily find space at the end.  It is odd not having any dock hands or anyone for that matter to help us out or even give us a bill to dock here.  Okay, I dont really miss that part, but it would be nice just to see someone.  We quickly jump off the boat onto the dock.  I assist Karen and Marissa, what a gentleman.
Where should we go Seth?
I dont know.  How about we get a bite at the Crab House?" I ask.
"Seth..."
"I know. How about we just head out to the street? This is one of the busiest areas of DC in the summer.  There should be people hanging about everywhere.  We step off the pier and walk between two large buildings that I'm guessing are restaurants.
Dad!  Marissa screams causing me to jump.
What is it honey?
Look.  I quickly look down beside her and there are two bodies lying on the sidewalk or at least what is left of them.  Both appear to be in their early twenties and decaying.  I wrap my arms around Marissa and lead her the other way.
Seth.  Karen anxiously calls out pointing up ahead.  I look up at the street before us.  There are bodies everywhere.  They are just lying on the sidewalks, the road, and the grass.  Everywhere we look.  I'm not sure what to do.  Marissa has her hands over her eyes and she is sobbing, tears flowing down her face.  I am feeling sick to my stomach. I'm not sure how Karen is doing, so I just squeeze her hand tightly and keep on, hoping she wont vomit on me. We have to check it out.  If there is life we need to know.
Even the cars have people in them.  Marissa says.  Next to us are cars stopped on the side of the road with bodies inside.  It is very depressing, scary and sickening at the same time. It is so much worse than I expected.  I want to turn around and run back to the boat, head out to the ocean and never return, but we keep going.  We continue walking down the middle of the street with the sun blaring onto the pavement, but we dont notice, all we can feel is the loss of life from the hundreds of bodies lying about. Not to mention the awful smell of death.
Dad, can we get out of here?  Marissa asks.  I dont really know what to say, but I see an empty car, or at least one that looks empty until we get close and I see the middle-aged owner lying on the pavement next to it with his keys in his hand.
Hold on one second.  I reach down and remove the keys from his hand and nudge the body far enough away from the car with my foot so I can get in.  Lets go for a ride.
Will it work Seth?
I mean it should right? Cars cant get viruses can they? I know, not funny.
What about us getting the virus? Marissa asks making sure not to touch the back door handle with her gloved hand.
I think we have to give it a try. I answer not sure why we have to, but it beats walking amongst the dead, maybe driving amongst them will be better.
I think well be okay Marissa, we have our masks and gloves.  It is a new Chevy Malibu, still has that new car smell.  If my nose could smile I know it would be. I fire up the engine, crank up the AC and adjust the seat while Marissa and Karen get in.
Where will we go?
I think we should just drive around and see if we see anyone. I reply.
What if we dont Dad?
Inquisitive kids, I love them.  There should be someone around honey.  I mean were still alive.  I still am amazed at how brilliant I can sound, I wonder if Karen thinks so too.  We drive up and down the street for the next several minutes. None of us speak a word.  I think it's worse driving. There are bodies everywhere.  I dont understand how people can just drop dead from something like a virus so suddenly, but that appears to be what has happened.  I dont really know DC, so I just start making turns going through neighborhoods and business districts all with the same result.  I'm beginning to wonder if we are the only life.  I havent even seen a pigeon or a dog or anything for that matter, just pure silence.  A few of the local radio stations still work, I guess they are the ones on automated computers because Karen has finally gotten some music to play to deafen the awful silence.
Thats where the White House is right Dad?  I see the sign for Pennsylvania Avenue up ahead.
Yep, lets go take a look.  Where else would be the most logical place to go, but the center of the world.  We turn left and watch as the numbers get closer and closer to 1600.  I can feel the tension mounting in my body as we approach.  I wasnt sure what I was expecting, but as soon as we arrived in front of it, it looks the same as it always did. The grass is a little longer, but otherwise powerful and gleaming and of course empty.  I stop the car right by the entrance.  We all slowly exit. It still doesnt feel right.  There is no one here. I can't get over the silence. There are two uniform Secret Service Agents lying on the ground in front of the gate, they don't seem too interested in us. The gate is locked of course, so I do what I saw someone do on the TV a few years ago.  I jump the fence. It's a lot higher than it looks.  I know an alarm is going off somewhere inside.  Im actually hoping I see a beefy guy come around the corner with an Uzi under his arm.  As soon as my feet land on the grass, I pause, waiting to see if anything happens, but there is nothing, so I walk back towards Karen and Marissa.  After a bit of a struggle I am able to open the gate and allow them to enter.
This feels really scary.  Marissa is looking up at the great mansion ahead.  There is still no one in sight, not even a body.  We slowly creep forward walking on the famous semi-circle driveway that has hosted many great world leaders.  I can almost feel them looking down at us.  There are even microphone and light stands set up on the lawn for news broadcasters that will never get used again.  It is eerie.  We all hold each others hands as we reach the bottom of the stairs leading to the entrance.  I cant believe it, here we were walking on some of the most hallowed and most secure grounds in the world and no one is stopping us.  It feels strange, but also powerful in some kind of weird way.  I mean how many people can actually have full unprotected access to the White House, okay maybe the President.  We enter into the marble lobby decorated with giant pillars that so many famous and important people have probably leaned against and we see the bodies.  There are at least twenty people lying right on the floor, Secret Service and staffers I assume.  We quickly brush past them, they don't even say hello and we began exploring.  Every room is the same, a few bodies and one of them always in uniform. I cant believe how much security they had in here.  Gone is the excitement of exploring, replaced by sadness and I think great fear.  I know we were close, there are more uniforms then before and I have seen this part in pictures many times.  We enter a series of small rooms until we are standing in the middle of the Oval Office.  It is empty, just the great Presidential seal on the floor and The Presidents empty desk.  He had only been in office less than a year, but you can still feel his giant personality all over the room.
I dont like this Dad.
I know Marissa, but we have to keep moving.  We may find something or better yet someone.
Im really starting to think we are it Seth. I see Karen peer out the thick glass looking out onto the vast White House lawn.
Dont say that.  I mean there has to be some survivors. I mean we survived.  Lets keep looking.  I head for the main door and eventually manage to make my way back into the hallway, it is a confusing place.  I never realized how big of a building the actual White House is.  We step into one anonymous space after another. None of them appear to be as glamorous as that West Wing show that used to be on a few years ago, just empty offices resembling any other office building. I'm actually feeling a little disappointed, but I won't tell anyone.  I figure it's time to head upstairs. This is the part of the house that no one ever gets to see and one right now Im not looking forward to seeing either.  There has to be more than one staircase going up, I'm hoping to find a secret one coming out of the wall.  I know I can be really shallow even at a time like this.  I start pushing on pictures and random spots on the walls.
What are you doing Seth? Karen asks not looking happy.
Ahh...just checking the structure.  I pound on a section of wall.  It sounds hollow. "Feels stable," I call out.
Okay.  Lets just get out of here. She says still looking at me strangely.
I think we need to go upstairs where the President would be. I place my ear against the wall.  Okay, maybe Im getting a little carried away with the secret stuff.
Are you sure youre okay Dad?
I nod back and step into a large hallway with a sign saying stairs, so much for the secret staircase.  We quickly reach a large marble staircase and slowly walk up.  At the top are two more uniforms lying beside each other. We step over them and try to open the door at the top, but it is locked.  Me being the smart one, I reach down to one of the Secret Service uniforms and remove his keys and open the door on the second attempt.  My wife and daughter should be impressed, but they both dont say a word and continue just staring ahead.  Maybe they're used to my brilliance by now.
I cant believe it, as soon as we step into the second floor, you can feel the warmth and comfort wrap its arms around you.  It is definitely a different feel from the first floor.  I know we arent into the quarters yet, but it is starting to resemble a home instead of a giant office and museum now.  We continue walking down the long hallway decorated with Presidential portraits, makes sense I guess, and continue to another door.  Me being so brilliant kept the keys from the first door and open the doors. There still not impressed, tough crowd I guess.  We enter into the private residence of the President of the United States.  It is decorated in kind of turn of the century dcor that is both pleasing and comfortable at the same time.  I immediately like it.  I remember seeing something about it on the news a while back when the First Lady had been giving a tour.  Although, I never thought I would actually be included.  We continue walking down the main hallway entrance way. It is very quiet, even quieter than downstairs if you can believe it. I imagine they keep it this way to ensure the President can keep a somewhat normal life without hearing the sounds of the city.  I long for a siren, a scream or anything.  Someone else has to be alive. There is no way we can be the only survivors. I figure if I think this enough maybe it will become true. I look over at Karen and Marissa, they are both walking slowly through the hallway trying not to look at anything, but I can tell they are secretly checking out the place, who can blame them.  I'm doing the same thing.  Things seem okay, until we enter the first room. It is a large study filled with books, mostly war titles. I gasp seeing the President lying face down in front of the window looking over the Mall.  I immediately grab Karen and Marissa and lead them back into the hall.  Here was this great man, who once led our troops in the Mid-East to victory lying in a decaying state in the middle of his study.  I feel bad and know I need to do something. I go back into the room and rip down one of the large rust colored curtains and place it over his body.
Seth!  I can hear Karen yelling for me outside the room.  I take one last look at the Presidents covered body and run to my screaming wife.  What husband hasnt done that?
Yes dear. I calmly call out.
Its the First Lady.
I enter into the area they are in and see the body sprawled out in the middle of the hallway. They didn't even have time to die together. Maybe there was something secret going on, okay enough with that.  I quickly run back to the study and grab another curtain and repeat the same thing with her.  I think the three of us stand there for twenty minutes staring at the covered body of the First lady until we all began to cry.  Yes, even I have tears, though Karen always tells me I have no emotions.






Chapter 8  


It has been two days since we had discovered the bodies of our leaders.  We decided it would be best to honor them by removing their bodies from the residence and more importantly we needed a place to crash.  We spent almost the entire day yesterday; well actually I did removing bodies and placing them all in a single room on the lower floor.  It just made for a much more pleasant living experience when walking around without stepping over dead bodies, I can't imagine why.  Marissa and Karen spent the day in the residence preparing it for us to live in.  Hey when every residence in the world is available to you why not take the best. We actually figured if there were any more survivors this would be a likely place for them to go and we have tons of equipment to communicate with.  This morning, I found the main communications room in the White House and I have been sending out messages in every format available.  Believe it or not, I think we are actually having a good time in here despite the awful circumstances surrounding us.  In here, we can close out the rest of the world, not that there is any world out there anyway.  Yes, I even found the bowling alley and the movie theater as well as a few other places that no one knows about.  I find the kitchen to be the most fascinating. The amount of different foods available is unbelievable and I think we're all starting to gain back a few pounds that we lost after not really eating for the last several weeks.  Life isnt great by any means, but it's bearable for now, especially with all this great food. No wonder guys spend a few years campaigning for the job and so far none of us have began to feel sick.  Although, I still secretly keep my fingers crossed at all times wondering when it is going to hit us.  We still wear our masks and gloves, well at least the gloves.  I hate that damn mask especially when trying to eat, so I wear it on the top of my head most of the time.  If anyone could see me, which unfortunately no one can, they would probably take me for a rabbi, and Karen says I never go to church enough.  I figure today it is time to do the right thing, so I carefully load up a storage truck sitting in the parking lot. Can you believe they left the keys in the ignition? I place the President, the First Lady and as many others as I can possibly lift and I drive directly to Arlington National Cemetery.  I'm not really sure what I'm going to do when I get there, but I figure they deserve a proper burial.  I dont even want to think about the other three hundred million Americans or the rest of the world for that matter.  Im not that strong.  I pull in front of the main gates of course they are locked like everything else.  You never realize how many things are locked until youre the only one around.  Luckily for me I do that brilliant thing again and grab the keys from the security guards at the gates.  I throw their bodies in the back of the truck as well. One of them almost broke my back. I guess he didnt watch his diet when he was living.  I slowly drive up the small access road leading to the lower cemetery sections and pull in front of an area without too many gravestones, trust me its not an easy thing to find in here.  I think I am in section seventy something.  As I step out of the truck, I am amazed at how powerful and now powerless the Pentagon appears directly across the river.  Here was once one of the most powerful military forces the world has ever seen now turned into nothing more than a ghost town.  I quickly turn my head.  Im really trying not to dwell on things anymore just live in the present.  I open the back of the truck and groan at the task in front of me.  It's not as much fun complaining when youre the only one around, trust me.  I move each body one by one onto the bright green grass, luckily the grass and the trees have been spared from this awful virus, but I have still yet to see a squirrel, a bird or anything else alive for that matter.  I place some large tarps over the bodies and move the President and the first lady to a separate area.  I even plant some crosses I made back at the White House next to each tarp, yes, they even have a small wood shop in there. I told you there were other things beside the bowling alley and the theater.  Next to the Presidents tarp I place a cross with a sign indicating this is where the President is lying.  I feel like humming taps or something, but instead I just stare at the tarps as my eyes fill with tears, I wish Karen could see me. I stand there for one more minute and take everything in and then I jump back into the truck and head home.  Yes, I am calling the White House home now.  Strange world isnt it?  Luckily, the traffic is light, just kidding. I pull back up to the open gate on the South Lawn in about fifteen minutes and park the truck right in front.  I leave the keys in the ignition as well.  Nice benefit of being the only ones around I guess. I'll have to show Karen how positive I am becoming. I can definitely get used to this. If only I could find the limo and have Karen drive me around.  Anyone can dream. 
Hey Dad did you do it?  Marissa is standing just inside the side door separating the Old Executive Building from the White House, she looks upset.  I place my arm around her.  It is all taken care of.  I feel like saying the place is ours now, but I keep my mouth shut. I'm glad I had given them some kind of burial.  I vow to go back and actually dig them a grave, but for now I need to keep sending out communications, and besides my arms are exhausted from hauling bodies around, they are heavy.   
Whats going to happen to us?
I'm not really sure how to answer that, but once again my great wisdom seeps out of me, I dont know honey.
What are we going to do?
I knew I better come up with something a little better this time, so I say, Im not sure. This isnt going well. I can see the young lines on her face tightening up.  I think we need to keep trying to send out word to anyone who is out there.
What if no one hears us Dad?
We just have to keep trying.  I hold her hand as we head up the steps to our new residence.  It is definitely better now that I have taken everyone to the cemetery.  I dont really have a good answer, except to keep trying to figure this out.  I mean we have no choice.  Its our duty to keep trying.  I watch as her face begins to well up and tears are flowing from her eyes.  I have to keep reminding myself she is only a teenager.  I cant even imagine what she must be going through.  She is supposed to be worried about boys. I know I would have gotten used to it, okay maybe not, but now she is worried about just surviving.  I hold her tightly, wiping the tears from her eyes.  Why dont you come down with me and well check this place out.  You can help me send out some texts and emails.  I figure I can take advantage of a teenage skill.
Dad there is no one to answer them.
I know but we have to keep trying.  There are over six billion people on this earth, theres no way we can be the only three left.  I hope that intelligent statistic will cheer her up.
So you mean there are six billion bodies out there on the ground?  She slowly asks. See what I mean about my intelligent speaking.  How am I supposed to know I am raising a pessimist?  I decide not to respond just hold her close.  I have heard sometimes silence is the best answer, of course I never believed it, but what the heck I guess its time to try something new.
How did it go Seth?  Karen calls out from above us before she sees Marissa.
It went. You would be surprised how many people you can get in one of those trucks.
Sethstop. Look what youre doing to Marissa.  She runs down and grabs Marissa from me, softly holding her in her arms.  Sometimes you can be so insensitive Seth.
Me?
Yes you. Now how about going down there and making us a couple of sandwiches.
I never understand when she is mad at me she always tells me to do something.  I'm not hungry for once, so I turn around and head to the kitchen.  I told you it's my favorite place in the house.  I quickly put together three of the biggest and most delicious looking ham and cheese sandwiches.  I think I should show Karen the pantry down here. They have more loaves of bread in here than she has on the boat and it looks like the real good stuff, more little grains than ours, and of course no mold.  How do they do that? I decide to take another look around the House because I am still curious to what else is in here and more importantly to give Karen a few more minutes to cool down.  Somehow I end up on the tour floor as I like to call it now that I am living here.  This is where they used to bring the visitors through who decided to wait for five hours on the Ellipse to get a chance to enter the White House, if only they could see me now.  I casually stroll though the various colored rooms as they are appropriately labeled.  My favorite is the green room, not really sure why, I just like the rich colors and simple layout.  I actually go in and sit down in one of the chairs.  Can you imagine if someone from the security detail could see me.  I remember going on the tour many years ago. I was just a teenager.  I dont remember seeing any of the rooms because I was so convinced we were going to see the President that I spent the whole time looking for him.  It wasnt till after that my dad informed me the President was out of the country.  I slowly walk into the East room and picture the President stepping up to the podium and addressing the reporters.  Our current President, the one whom I just delivered to the cemetery was a great man.  He was a formal general who had somehow done the impossible and brought peace to the Mid-East this past year.  He was loved by both sides of the aisle which was rare especially in the current political climate.  I still cant believe he is gone.  He was such a strong man both personally and physically, youll have to on the physical part, remember I carried the mans body.  I close my eyes for a moment and try to imagine the world as it used to be, for a few seconds I can hear the sirens, the cars, the voices and all the other noise that goes along with humans.  Kind of like the sound of snoring to a widow I imagine.  I take one last look around and began searching for a hidden staircase again. It has to be here somewhere.  I keep looking until I see the sign that says stairs again.  Maybe I should take down the sign and then they would at least be somewhat hidden.
Seth what took you so long?
We live in a big house now Karen?
Seth, we dont live here, were just staying here until we figure out what to do. She still looks a little upset, but I notice she is eyeing the sandwiches.  I hope she notices the bread.
I know, but it is the house of the people, and we are the people.  I say with a smile.
Oh Seth, just give us those sandwiches.  I place them down and watch Karen and Marissa bite into them.  After a few minutes, I decide to partake as well.  I especially enjoy the bread.  So what are we going to do?
I say we start looking for the limo.  Karen frowns.
Cmon Seth be serious here for a minute.  We need to come up with a plan.
Why dont we meet in my office? Its the oval shaped one downstairs after lunch and come up with something.  There has to be some inspiration in there somewhere.  I think she was about ready to hit me until I see her nod.
Okay.  Lets do that. She answers almost causing me to choke on a piece of bread.  
About an hour later, we were all seated in the Oval Office, me behind the desk of course.  I even put my feet up.  Maybe I took the wrong career path.  We spend the next hour or so talking about what we were going to do.  I'm going to continue sending messages out with Marissas help, and then each day we will go on a drive.  I opted for the limo, but Karen said no, so we settled for a Town Car over by the Old Executive Building. No keys in the ignition, but I found them in a basket in one of the Secret Service offices. We will drive through this area first and gradually go further and further out until we found something or someone.  Yes, we are keeping up hope.  What we would do if we actually found someone else, Im not sure, but it gives us purpose.  The other thing we talked about, when Marissa wasnt in the room was trying to have more kids, I liked that part.  We figured we are like Adam and Eve and we need to keep the population growing or something like that.  We are both in our forties, but Karen is an OB/GYN nurse so she knows what she was doing, and of course I am the expert in the other part.
Seth, come here and look at this.
I see Karen holding a piece of paper from one of the tables across the room.  What is it? I ask.
Its a letter to the President from some scientist.  I guess from Antarctica, a Franz something or other." She is reading from what looks like an official document, not that I have ever seen one.  "Hes saying the virus most likely came from an iceberg that melted.  The virus had been stored in there for thousands of years and when it melted it reactivated itself.
Wow!  Thats scary.  I guess that makes sense why no one knew how to deal with it. Too bad Al Gore didnt think of that.
It goes on to say that may be the real reason all life forms were killed off before us.
Like the dinosaurs. I add.
Yep, it even mentions them near the end. She shakes her head and places the paper back down on the desk.  I still dont understand why it hasnt touched us though?
Must be our great genes, I swing my chair around and tap my hands on my head.


Chapter 9 

Well the last several weeks have been very uneventful, but what else can you expect with just three people living in a 55,000 square foot home.  Yes, it has become our home. Karen and I are occupying what we figure was the President and First Ladys room while Marissa is sleeping in the room next door.  We haven't changed any of the dcor out of respect for the first couple and it does feel a little weird sleeping in their room, but once Karen changed the sheets we kind of forgot.  Marissa's room was obviously set aside for one of the President's many grandchildren because it has bunk beds and Lightning McQueen framed pictures on the walls.  We all agreed that she could take them down and replace them with pictures from one of the other rooms.  She has taken up her filming and is documenting everything which unfortunately at this time isnt much.  I have begun taking day trips to Virginia and Maryland looking for any signs of life, still no limo. So far the only thing I have seen is more bodies.  Luckily, the gas pumps still work.  I still feel as though I am stealing it when I drive away without paying for it as well as all the food items I am taking from the stores and I am starting to notice a little mold on some of the bread. I guess they dont supply the White House.  I'm not really sure what we were going to do when all the expiration dates on the food begin to pass.  I guess there are always canned goods.  I have left that problem to Karen who is spending much more time in the kitchen now.  She is actually back to cooking dinner for us every night.  It's kind of nice, our little routine.  I spend the mornings with Marissa sending out communications and then spend the rest of the day driving.  Sometimes, they come with me, but usually it's just me and the Town Car.  One of these days I think Ill start up the limo.  I just have to convince them to drive me.  The other day I spent a few hours driving through Northern Virginia, one of the countrys most affluent and popular areas.  I couldnt believe it when I drove through the middle of Tysons Corner, the shopping hub of Fairfax County and there were weeds and overgrowth in front of Tiffanys.  What is this world going to look like in a few years?  Will we even be here? I imagine the roads covered with grass and weeds surrounded by decaying buildings and cars.  Everything man had so proudly accomplished would be gone, or in other words left in my hands.  I kind of consider myself in charge, even though as every married man knows it's not really true.  Each day my drives get a little further. I kind of wish I could take the train one of these days but I'm not really sure how to drive one, so I hit the highways and today I decide to head north towards New York.  It usually is a four or five hour drive, but I do it in a little over three hours, you never realize how much traffic slows you down till there is none.  There are plenty of cars and buses along the way but fortunately most of them are on the side of the road, so I dont have to slow down.  I make sure not to look in them as well. I try to get Karen and Marissa to come with me on this trip.  I cant understand how they can turn down a day in New York City with all that shopping and culture, but Marissa was quick to point out there would just be more bodies.  I really need to work on her positive outlook.  I finally pull across the empty GW Bridge; I even bypass the toll without even stopping.  I used to dream about doing that when we used to live here.  I decide I wont stop at our old house yet, even though it is on the way. I'm just not ready to face that reality.  As soon as I enter Manhattan, I feel as though I have stepped into an old photograph, nothing is moving. There is no sea of blurring yellow taxis, nobody on the sidewalks just complete stillness.  I am starting to feel sick again. Luckily I had a light breakfast.  There are bodies everywhere, many more than in DC, but I dont see them anymore.  They are just a part of life now, kind of like the scenery in a movie you never notice. I know that sounds hard to believe, but one thing I have learned in the last few months is no matter how bad things get you just keep on going.  I told you I missed my calling as a public speaker, maybe I should start now with all these people on the streets who cant leave, I know more bad humor.  I know Manhattan pretty well, so of course I head to Wall Street first, my old stomping grounds.  There is nothing.  I even park the Town Car right in front and no cop is telling me to move. I step into the New York stock exchange.  I can feel the adrenaline kicking into my blood stream just like it used to every time I came down here.  In my old job as a stockbroker I was usually holed up in my office and rarely did I get a chance to come down to the actual exchange, but when I did it was the most exciting place around.  Just the excitement of seeing traders shout in orders while customers nervously wait was one of the most awe inspiring things I ever witnessed, free market trading at its purest.  Maybe if I had brought Marissa here more often, she would have had more interest in this I think, too late now.  I open the doors and close my eyes trying to bring back all the excitement.  I try to picture our firm's trader in his standard spot yelling and sweating out orders as he did for us every day.  I was always so jealous of his role and wished I could have done something like that, but there was no way I could have competed with him.  He could get more orders filled and sold than anyone else. He was a big part of our firm's success, but dont tell that to Karen, because she probably thinks I was the rainmaker of the firm.  I step into the large room. My eyes are still closed and I am hoping I wont run into anything like a wall or something, but I cant bear to open them.  This was my last reality and I dont want it to end yet.  Every man needs a few good memories.   I did what I knew I should do and quickly turn around and run back out the door.  I have to finally open my eyes when I slam into a closed door. I immediately step back outside happy I kept the memory alive in my head.  I spend the next several hours driving up and down streets. I even go the wrong way on a few one way streets; luckily I didnt get a ticket.   I finally end up near Central Park and spend an hour or so walking on the grass, but I have to go. It is just too depressing there is just no sign of life and this is New York City, the city that never sleeps.  I want to say beam me up Scotty there's no intelligent life down here but I 'm not sure if that is a dig at me so I keep my mouth shut.  I head back into the Town Car and make the three hour ride back home, again no traffic or tolls.
"How was New York Seth?"
I sit down at the table looking at the roasted ham in front of me.  I didnt dare ask where the ham came from since I haven't seen any pigs walking around lately.  "It was nice I caught a show and then spent some time catching up with some friends." I chew on a large bite.
"Seth."  Karen says and giving me that look she is so famous for.  "Did you see anything hopeful?" I knew she already knew the answer, so I nod my head side to side to end her curiosity.
"Dad, did you see our house?"
"No Marissa, I ran out of time."  I didn't have the heart to tell her that would be the final nail in my coffin.
"Maybe we can go back home some time."
Karen and I both nod knowing that it will never happen, this is our new home.  Poor kid is never going to have a normal life.  Imagine being stuck living in the White House.  We all jump when my Blackberry begins to ring. Yes I still have the ring set to the opening market bell.  I'm not sure what to do, so I just sit there until both Karen and Marissa yell at me to answer the phone.  Did I tell you my family likes to tell me what to do?  I quickly pull out the Blackberry clinging to it as though it is my last lifeline and yell into it "hello."  As soon as I hear the female voice on the other end I feel my heart begin to thumper. I wonder if Karen thinks it's my mistress until I recognize the recorded voice, it is my carrier informing me I haven't paid my bill and my service is going to be turned off, so much for a mistress.  After dinner I decide to spend the rest of the night exploring the White House. I still haven't found that secret staircase.  I somehow end up in the communication's room where Marissa and I usually spend the first part of our morning before I leave on my daily trips.  It is a fairly large room located directly below the East Room and near the secure room where the President goes during an emergency which we haven't been able to get into yet, some kind of security code that I'm really trying to figure out. There are several large desks lining the walls in here and each one of them is equipped with a large computer screen. Karen thinks I should feel right at home in here because of the amount of TV's in our house. I try to explain to her that they probably didnt have the stock market scrolls on theirs like we do, she doesn't seem too impressed.  I sit down at the first station closest to the door.  There is a small sheet of paper taped to the bottom of the screen indicating national media, so I assume it means contacting the various media outlets throughout the country, see how brilliant I am.  I wish Karen and Marissa were here to see my skills of deduction.   I type in another message indicating we have survived and are located at the White House and click on send.  It is really a pretty simple process. I repeat the process on all the different computers in the room as we do every morning.  Each one has a different sign on it indicating where it is going.  I'm not really sure how I would know if someone actually responded, better not let Karen know that part, but I figure if someone were trying to contact us they would figure it out. Kind of like what the Government does trying to contact life in other worlds.  After an hour or so of sending messages on all the computers and talking on the shortwave, I decide I need to take a walk. I end up in the kitchen near the bread, still no mold.  Yes, I have a thing for bread, not sure why, but I end up toasting a few slices and putting some special jam that I have never seen on store shelves on them.  They get all the good stuff in here.  It is already past midnight and I want to watch TV or something, maybe catch Letterman like I used to when I was monitoring the foreign markets, but the TV is pretty much just a box at this point.  I guess all the automated stations are beginning to lose their automation. I know that doesnt make much sense, but not much does anymore.  I still have my CD's and they have some collection of DVD's in the theatre room.  I wonder how they get all the early releases. I'll have to bring that up at the next family meeting.


Chapter 10 

I can't believe it as soon as I start up the Town Car I look up and see both Karen and Marissa standing there.  Either I'm in trouble or they have finally decided to drive me in the limo.  It's probably the trouble thing.  Maybe I left the toilet seat up. Trust me it's a big issue if you live with two women, even in the White House where we have over thirty-five bathrooms.  I quickly roll down the window. "What's up guys?"
"We want to come with you today Dad."  I nod my head and push the unlock button.  Karen climbs in next to me and Marissa in the back.  We all havent been in a car together since that day we came ashore amongst all those bodies.  At least we have upgraded to the Town Car since then.
"You need to clean this thing out Seth."  I look down at my feet and Karen's seat.  I didnt realize how many empty bags of Doritos were lying there.  "Where did you get all these?"  I watch as she pushes them on to the floor and off her seat.
"You know Seven-Elevens.  They're everywhere."  I reply proudly like I am their spokesman,
"Oh Seth, just clean this out."  I nod and begin backing up. She's still looking at me with that same wry look on her face so I immediately place the car in park and scoop up all the trash and throw everything in a nearby dumpster.  I try to ignore the "violators will be prosecuted for illegal dumping" sign. I guess I'm finally starting to face reality.
"Dad, we want to go some place fun today."  Did I tell you how much I love my family?
"Yes Seth, we are bored.  We want to go exploring with you."  Karen adds.  I thought this might be a good time to bring up the fact that she could drive the limo and we could go exploring every day, but after she made me throw out all that trash I decide I better not push it today.  
"What do you say we go catch a movie and then get something to eat?" I ask.
"Sethbe good."  Karen says a loud enough for me to know when to stop.  "Just go where you were normally going to go and we'll tag along and keep you company."
"Okay.  I was going to go to Seven-Eleven first and get some more Doritos and then head west."
I watch Karen look at the floor of the Town Car. There are still plenty of crumbs lying around, but she doesnt say anything, instead she just nods, so we head towards my usual store on 18th street. I need to begin looking for another one because they are beginning to run out of Doritos.  Karen waits in the car as Marissa and I load up on healthy supply of chips and candy.  I did get her a bag of almonds that she reluctantly took, so maybe she is beginning to approve of my routine.    
"Dad, can we go back to our house in New Jersey?"  I look at Karen.  "I want to get some of my things."
"I'm not sure that's a good idea honey." I answer.
"Why?  I mean it cant be any worse than what we have seen here." Marissa quickly answers back.
I look over at Karen again waiting for something.  I'm not sure what but anything would help.  "Why not, let's go home and get some stuff to make the White House more like our home."  She says.  It sounds like a good idea despite my fear of going back there, but maybe it has been long enough now.
"Okay. Let's do it."  I say.  "I have a lot of stuff I can bring back too."
"Seth, we're not filling the car up with your TV's."
"I have other stuff."  I say causing both Karen and Marissa to give me that look that they do that I have told you about before.
I put my head back towards the road and turn towards New Jersey.  I almost feel like smiling, I'm not sure why.
"How long will it take to get there Dad?"
"With this traffic, we should be there in about three hours?" 
"Seth, enough with the sick jokes." Karen says frowning at me.  I nod.  I guess they are starting to get a little old.  We pull onto 95 and begin heading north.  I have a good feeling about this, maybe it's just time to get this over with and go back home.  I wonder if it's going to feel small compared to our new mansion. Plus my little office doesnt compare to my new oval one.  
"Slow down Seth."  Karen yells.
"It's still the beginning of the month Karen the police aren't writing tickets yet."  I'm on a roll today, although Karen doesnt look like she's enjoying my humor.  I think I see Marissa smile though.  I immediately slow down to a comfortable sixty-five.
"Oh Seth what are we going to do with you?"  I told you they love me.  A few hours later and a couple of more bad jokes and looks from Karen we pull off the exit for our development.  We live in or used to live in one of those new communities, you know the ones where the houses all look the same, but they might be a different color or angle.  I feel my insides began to churn a little as we drive onto our street.  I notice the lawns are a little overgrown and no dogs are running around or kids on skateboards.  It feels kind of eerie.  I look at Karen and Marissa and see their faces masked with emotion.  We continue down the road till we pull into our driveway.  Our Cherokee is still parked in the driveway.
"Wow look at our grass. I hope the homeowners association doesnt say anything."
"Sethenough," Karen is shaking her head and not laughing.  Her eyes are glued to our house.  It still looks the same.  It's a two story colonial "L" shape with gray siding, similar to our neighbors, but going the opposite direction.  I think the builder tried to get a little too cute, but Karen fell in love with it as soon as we walked in some ten years ago.
I park behind the Cherokee and slowly walk up to the front door in front of Karen and Marissa.
"Aren't you going to go in Dad?"
"I cant I dont have a key."  I look back at Karen who is shaking her head.  I wonder if she ever gets neck cramps from all that shaking.
"Oh Seth, you mean we came all this way and you forgot the keys."
I nod.
"Can't you break a window Dad?"
"Yeah, I'll go around back and break in through the back door.  You guys wait here."  I figure I better be as nice as possible.  I quickly walk around the back walking through the high grass and shrubs and stand in front of our back door.  Its the kind with four little pains right above the handle so I find a stick and break the window and easily open the door without even a cut.  I hope Karen notices.  It feels weird inside, of course I check my TV's first and they are all there.  Even the sixty inch in the den is still there.  I wonder if we can bring that back.  I better see what kind of mood Karen's in before I ask.  I open the front door and Karen and Marissa slowly enter and carefully look around.  Marissa immediately goes upstairs probably to check out her room, while I began to fiddle with the sixty inch.
"Seth, is that big TV all you care about?" Karen asks watching me try and turn it on.
"No, I care about the smaller ones too."  I watch her shake her head again and walk into the kitchen.  Maybe I'll see if she wants a neck massage tonight.
"Mom and Dad can we sleep here tonight?"  Marissa comes running down the stairs.  I nod yes.  "I think that would be nice."
Karen yells from the kitchen. "We've got food we can still eat."
"Let's do it."  I call back.  "How's the bread look?"
"You and you're bread Seth.  I think we will be having canned food tonight."
"I can call for Chinese if you want."  I answer back.
"Play with your TV Seth.  "Come here Marissa. Let's look through the pantry."  I watch her walk into the kitchen.  It isn't a big house, but it was all we ever needed. I think it's about two thousand square feet.  I take a walk upstairs and check out the bedroom.  I sit on the bed and listen to Marissa and Karen talking downstairs.  I cant hear what they are saying, but everything feels right.  It feels like we are back home and everything is normal.  The President is living in the White House not us, but then I catch a glimpse out the window and see the emptiness and realize we are it, just the three of us alone against the world. 


 
Chapter 11

Well it was nice going home, we had a nice night and I think we all woke up refreshed and had an easy drive back to our new house. I even held off on the bad jokes. We all brought a few of our favorite things, Karen denied my request to bring the big TV, but we did decide we would go back again sometime soon.  We spent all of yesterday just hanging around.  Marissa spent the day organizing her tapes and DVD's and adding the new ones from our house to her new collection.  I spent the day exploring the White House, still no secret staircase, and Karen spent some time cleaning up our quarters. I offered to help, but I think she was happier to have me out of her hair. I decided to get an early start this morning and take my luck down south. I want to scan the Richmond area.  Once again the traffic is light, so I make it in record time.  I havent been to Richmond in years and am actually pleasantly surprised how modern it looks.  It sure has come a long way since Karen and I used to pass through here years ago visiting my parents. But in just a short period of time Im afraid it will turn into a ghost town, I just hope not literally, though I do like the Ghostbusters song.  I'm spending the day driving through the city, luckily I find a few Seven-Elevens to keep my appetite satisfied.  After a few more hours and a few bags of Doritos I decide to head back home. I pull onto the northbound side of 95 and step on the gas. With no Karen or police I dont have to worry about the speed. Out of the corner of my eye I think I see something moving. It's on the side of the road beyond the shoulder in the dense woods. It looks like something is moving. I cant believe it. It moved so fast I couldnt tell what it was.  I quickly turn the car around doing a u-turn right in the middle of 95. There are a few cool things about being the only one left.  I drive up on the median and stop on the shoulder trying to figure out if I really saw something or if I am getting delirious despite not getting into the White House liquor cabinet yet.  Let me tell you they have some stash, makes the bread storage look amateurish.  I'm not sure but I think I see something moving again.  I know I sound desperate, but remember I havent seen anyone else besides my lovely wife and daughter for months now.  I slowly open the car door, not really sure if I should be scared or excited, either way I wish I had the limo at least I would look intimidating.  There it is again, a flash of something dark. It just ducked behind a large tree in the woods.  I quickly jump the guardrail. The grass on the other side is already getting longer and covering my feet.  It looks pretty large, my first thought is it might be a black bear and why am I chasing it?  I can see my gravestone now, Here lies Seth Weston, one of only three survivors of the worlds most deadly virus eaten by a large black bearthat he was chasing.  Anyway, I begin jogging into the woods, I dont know what's with me, but I am attracted to this like a moth to a light. I'm running directly towards the tree.  There it goes again, more movement.  I keep running towards it, so much for my being brilliant.  I cant believe how much darker it is in the woods. It's like someone has thrown a large blanket over the top of me. I really cant see anything anymore, so I decide I better slow down a little bit.  I slowly jog up to the tree where I had seen something and begin to peek around until suddenly I feel an enormous crushing pain shoot across my forehead. It feels like I have run into a wall.  I am somehow able to open my eyes a few seconds later and find myself lying on the ground next to a the large stick that has obviously caused the pain.  Someone or something has swung it across my head.  I can feel the blood oozing out of my head, but I'm able to get up and run again. I guess thats where they get the expression all brawn and no brains. I continue after my attacker.  I can hear footsteps up ahead, so I pick up my pace.  It's getting difficult to see with the blood falling into my eyes, so I decide to slow down again despite what happened last time I did that.  Then I see it.  There is a man about twenty feet away standing in a clearing up ahead.  I cant believe it, he looks like an angel.  I have finally found life.  Of course he just tried to club me to death, but he is a person.  Maybe I'm getting groggy from the wound.  I call out the most intelligent thing I can muster, hey you. And run towards him.  I cant tell if he is holding another stick or not and I really dont want to find out, so I stop at the edge of the clearing.  He's wearing a dark black hooded sweatshirt with something that looks like Spanish written on the front, but my eyes are too blurry to read it.  I'm guessing he's maybe fifty years old at the most, average height and very scruffy. No wonder I thought it was a bear, but it's hard to tell because he has the hood over his head and it's dark.  Please wait a minute.  I shout keeping my eyes on his hands like an old gunfighter from the west.   He slowly begins to turn around and walk towards the other side.  So I yell again.  Not really sure what I said, but he stops, so I run into the clearing stopping about five feet away from him making sure I am far enough away from any swinging sticks.  We both stand there sizing each other up for what seems like hours.  I take a good hard look at him to make sure he isnt really a big black bear and when I'm convinced he isnt I sigh realizing my gravestone wont mention the word bear on it now.  Why are you running from me?  I ask still focused on his hands.  Then I think maybe he thinks Im a big black bear, but he relaxes his arms and slowly takes a step backwards and says, I dont want to die.  Please stay away from me.
I take a quick look down at my clothes to make sure I'm not wearing a bear suit or anything that resembles a bear. What was with this all this bear stuff anyway?  I ask myself.
Im not going to harm you.  I dont mention that I'm the one bleeding.  "Its not you its the disease. He says taking more steps backwards.  I dont want to get it.
Its okay.  I dont have it.
How do I know that?
Because its been several months and Im still alive.  He doesnt take a step backwards this time, so I think that is a good sign, but he's still holding a stick.
Theres no one else.  He calls out a little louder.
I know.  My family and I were out at sea when it happened so we missed it somehow.
Youre family?  You mean there are more than just you?
I dont want to disappoint him, but I nod. Yes, my wife and daughter survived as well.  I can see the tears begin to well up in his eyes.  I lost everyone, my two little boys and my wife.  We went into the woods as soon as we heard about it and they actually survived up until a few months ago.  He rubs his eyes.  I dont know why I didnt get it, but I promised them I would live for them.
I take a step forward and he doesnt jump back, so things are looking better.  Why dont you come with me?  Were living in the White House.  It sounds so strange coming from my mouth, saying we were living at the White House but he just nods and walks towards me.  We slowly make it back to the highway and get into the Town Car.  I make sure he doesnt bring that stick in there with him.  Luckily, the bleeding has stopped, but I look like a mess.  There is a large gash across my forehead.
Sorry about that.  He says looking at me from the passenger seat.
No problem. I reply.  I would have done the same thing.  Whats your name?
Jeffrey.  He reaches out his hand across the seat, the same one that had hit me, I should add.  Seth, very nice to meet you, and I mean that.  I have spent day and night searching for people since we came back in.  At first I thought you were a bear or something.  Here I go with that bear thing again.
Everything is gone, all the animals and birds, everything.  Ive been living in those damn woods the whole time and I havent seen one sign of life.
How did you survive? I ask driving down the empty road.
He chuckles to himself.  Theres a Seven-Eleven on the other side that I have been going to every day.
"Any Doritos?"
"What?"  He asks.
"Nothing."  I dont want to tell him we've been living on White House food and especially about all that bread.  An hour or so later, we pull through the White House gate and I park in my usual spot, the one reserved for the Chief of Staff.  I notice Jeffrey is looking at the limo, so I think about asking him if maybe he could drive me around in it, but I keep my mouth shut  for now and we walk into the White House.  I can tell he's as impressed as I was my first time especially that we have total access to the place.  What do you think? I ask.
Its the White House.  I just never thought I would see it this way.
I nod thinking maybe we should redecorate, isnt that what the new family always does.  I will have to remind myself to talk to Karen about that.  I quickly lead him up the stairs towards where Karen and Marissa will be.  I cant wait to show them what I have found.  I suddenly stop short feeling my breath jump out of my lungs when I open the door of the lobby to our quarters and there are at least fifty people standing there.  Out of the corner of my eye, I see Jeffrey running down the stairs. Not knowing what to do or why, I follow him and we both end up standing in the middle of the Rose Garden trying to catch our breath.  I watch his face tense up and I immediately look towards his hands making sure there isnt a stick in there or anywhere near him. What the hell is going on? You said it was just your family. Who are all those people?  
"I have no idea."



Chapter 12


We slowly make our way up the backstairs, yes I have found the secret staircase going to the private quarters.  Okay it's not really secret but it isnt the same one where all those people are near, and there's no sign on it. We creep into the hallway.  I can hear the voices on the other side.  I notice Jeffrey is holding back. Im sure its out of fear of catching the disease.  It has only been a little while since he tried to decapitate me thinking I was infected. Imagine what he would do to a crowd.
Karen.  I call out hoping she will be down here at this end.
Dad?  Marissa answers walking out of her bedroom. Shes holding one of her cameras.
Whats going on?  Who are all these people?
They heard our messages on the radio and came here.
I stand there in disbelief, I have found Jeffrey and now there are tons of others out there.  At least we arent the only survivors,  I just hope they all dont want to live in the White House.  Im sure I can get one of them to drive the limo though.
Whos that?
Marissa, meet Jeffrey.  They exchange hellos.
This is my daughter. I proudly say pointing at Marissa, although I dont like the way Jeffrey is looking at her, but I dont like the way any man looks at her for that matter. I know she is attractive. Shes tall for her age and for her sake she resembles her mother not me
Wheres Mom?
Shes out there with everyone.  She points down the hallway towards the other door by the not-so- secret stairs.  Dad they all showed up at once.  We heard them downstairs calling for us.  They are from all over.
Im not sure if Im going to cry or yell, but Im feeling something strange building up inside me.
Do they all seem well?  Jeffrey asks looking down at the door.
What do you mean?  Marissa looks confused.
I think he means do any of them appear to be sick from the virus?  I explain as Jeffrey nods his head.
They seem okay.  I only met them for a minute, then I came back to get my camera ready.  Mom has been with them for a while.
I keep thinking about how we're going to feed them when the door opens and Karen walks in leading everyone towards us.  Jeffrey immediately begins to back-peddle.  What is it with him and being so scared?  
Seth.  Im glad youre back.  Karen calls out.
There seems to be men of all different ages and a few women.  After being alone for so long, I'm actually feeling a little claustrophobic with all these people so close.  Maybe Jeffery is right.  I look over at him and he is leaning against the secret staircase door trying not to look at everyone.  There is definitely something odd about him.
Seth.  Please meet everyone.  They all heard your messages and met up a few days ago and managed to come to the White House.  There are about fifty of you right?
A tall thin man no more than forty or forty five with a full head of dark hair and a scruffy beard steps forward and shakes my hand. My name is Evan. Nice to meet you. I shake back. I think forty-five to be exact.  Four of us actually survived together and then we spent the last weeks traveling around the world and we found everyone else.  We heard your messages on the short wave and decided to come here.  Thanks for doing all that you did.
I nod my head, not really sure what to say so I look up and down at each individual.  I never noticed how different we all look, but yet how similar at the same time.  
How did you get around? I ask in disbelief.
We have Craig here.  Hes a pilot. He points at a distinguished looking fifty something year old man with blond hair with gray streaks in it, combed straight back.  He could actually pass for any one of my former clients. We were vacationing on his island in the Southern Pacific when all this happened.  So after a while we decided to check things out and got in his plane and flew around.  He wipes his eyes.  I cant tell if they are tears, but I imagine they are. I'm sure Karen will tell me how well this guy shows his emotions later. I still cant believe it.  Everywhere we went there were people dead, just lying in the street.  Every once in a while we would find someone alive and we would load them in the Lear and take them back to the island.  He looks around.  This is everyone.  At least I thought it was everyone till we heard you.
I found someone else today as well.  I say.  Hey I need to sound important too right?  I point over at Jeffrey.  They all wave.  He looks as though he is going to pass out against the door.  I bet he misses his stick.
What happened to your head Seth? Karen asks looking concerned.
Lets just say I ran into a stick.  I look towards Jeffrey who has no reaction.
Your wife tells me you guys were out at sea which is why you survived.
Yes, we somehow missed it and so far have been lucky that it hasnt come back.
Were pretty convinced the virus has died off.  It cant survive in this environment too long.   One of the other guys we picked up, Jim over there. He points at an older man who is slightly overweight and balding with thin gray hair. He's a medical scientist and he's convinced if it was still alive we would all be dead.
I shake his hand as he steps forward.  That makes sense to me.  I see Jeffrey stand up a little straighter.
So I think this is about all of us left.  Evan says.  Funny how we all ended up in the White House, brilliant idea coming here.
Its still kind of spooky. Karen adds.
If you dont mind my asking what happened to the President and everyone? Evan asks.
Seth took care of that.  He buried them at Arlington Cemetery.  Karen looks at me.  She must be so proud of her husband.
Well I didnt actually bury them, but I covered them and placed them at the cemetery.
Maybe we can help with that.  Let me introduce you to the rest of the group.  
Evan spends the next hour or so introducing me to each person and a glimpse into their backgrounds and how they survived.  There are a total of thirty-three men ranging from nineteen to seventy-five and twenty-two women between twenty-one and fifty-two.  They speak eight different languages and luckily all but four of them can at least communicate in English.  The most fascinating thing is how each of them survived.  For instance, the scientist had locked himself in his lab conducting a study.  He didnt even know what was going on outside in the world till he left a month and a half later.  And I thought I was addicted to my work.  I was glad when Karen heard his story.  A few of the others had been out at sea or deep in the woods, somehow protected from the virus.  I imagine there has to be a few others out there somewhere and I figure that will be our first line of business finding the others.  It's important to get as many people together as possible to survive.  Survival in numbers, I remember hearing that in some story I read when I was a kid.  I'll have to ask Marissa if she knows the name of that book.  We decide, or at least Evan and I decide that we will all stay in and around the House of the people for now.  We would of course keep the quarters and the rest of them would spread out throughout the immediate area choosing their rooms.  I remind everyone that the Oval Office is off-limits.  I mean we needed to keep something sacred here and plus I like going down there and putting my feet up on the desk every morning, hey there are worse ways to start your days.  I personally bring Jeffrey down to his room, as far as way from mine as possible and not near any trees of course.  He doesnt say a word.  Since it's close to dinner time, I announce we will be having dinner in the dining room together. It isnt my idea, its Karens of course.  I played around with the intercom  system a few weeks ago driving my wife and daughter crazy with my Wall-mart special announcements imitations so I know exactly how it works and I enjoy announcing that we will be having dinner.  I'm really starting to worry about how long that bread is going to last though.  Luckily, one of the guys, a tall man  who looks around thirty or so with a clean cut haircut, I'll have to ask him who cuts his hair, because I just have Karen cut a little off every once in a while, volunteers to prepare dinner.  He said he used to work as a chef.  I dont ask where, but he seems to know what he's doing and whatever he is making doesnt require bread so he's fine by me.  Karen and Marissa stay in the kitchen with him, so I decide to check on a few things.  I decide to walk the grounds. I need to clear my head, so much has happened today.  I come upon the tennis courts, not really sure why because I have never even held a tennis racket in my life, maybe that will change now that I am living here.  I have already spent a few hours at the bowling alley last week. I even got a spare on one frame.  There is someone sitting in the middle of the tennis court.  I cant tell who it was until I get closer and see the familiar move-back routine and realize it's my old friend Jeffrey.  I make sure and check his hands for something first like a tennis racket before I approach him.
Whats going on?  I ask standing over him knowing that he could take out my knees at any time.
Just getting some fresh air.
Is there something youre not telling me?  I just have a hunch by his demeanor, maybe I should start reading those mystery novels Karen reads.
No, everything is fine.  He answers back looking towards the White House.  It is a pretty spectacular view from here. I have to admit my house is starting to shape up.  I just hope a couple of the guys have some gardening skills because things are beginning to look a little overgrown.  I was going to ask Jeffrey since he seemed to like sticks and fresh air so much but he says, I killed my family.
What?  What are you talking about?  Its not your fault.  I answer, sitting down next to him making sure to stay on his left side.
Yes it is.  He pauses.  I had them take a bunch of pills, so they wouldnt have to suffer from the virus.  He's beginning to cry.  What's with all these men and tears.  I hope Karen cant see us.  I watch him wipe his eyes with his sleeve. Then I saw your family and all these other people, I mean they should be here with me.  Being the noble guy that I am, I try to say the right thing. You did what you had to do.  Despite the fact I wouldnt have done that in a million years I think. 
Then when it was my turn, I couldnt do it.  I felt like I had cheated them, so I figured I would let myself suffer, but then it never came. I nod. Thats why I stayed in the woods just waiting and then I saw you and I figured I needed to stay alive for them.
That makes a lot of sensenot! I think to myself. You know when times of duress happen, we never know what were going to do and we do what we think is right.  I think you have to accept what happened and move on.  I think I'm starting to sound Presidential. Maybe the Oval Office is having an effect on me.   Jeffrey just nods, obviously not as impressed with my remarks as I am, so I try another tactic.  Were all having dinner at five.  Ill be sure and have him sit as far away from my family as possible.
Okay.  He answers continuing to stare at the White House.   I pat him on the back, finally my chance to strike back. I then continue my walk wondering what I have gotten myself into now.


Chapter 13 

We are all seated in the formal State dining room.  It is our first formal dinner.  I still cant believe I am surrounded by all these people.  It's a miracle.  I look around and can immediately tell some of us are more comfortable than others.  I make sure to keep an eye on Jeffrey, especially with his hands near the silverware.  Unfortunately, he is sitting across from Marissa, but she is too preoccupied with her camera sitting on a tripod near the head of the table to be concerned with him.  Apparently, Tim is quite a cook, the dinner is very good.  Of course Karen had a hand in it too, but since it is more elaborate than her usual sandwiches or hamburgers there is no way I'm going to say anything to her about it, although maybe we should invite Tim to stay up in the private quarters.  I think the Lincoln bedroom is available and its close to the private kitchen.  I look around at everyone, no one is talking.  I am still trying to figure out who I can get to drive the limo. I figure I better say something since I am considered the host.  Tim, Karen and I think her name is Nancy, a twenty something year old, are serving the food, so much for a buffet.  Once all the food is out and everyone is seated I decide to say a prayer.  I watch everyone put their heads down even the four who dont speak English.  I love peer pressure.  Im not usually the real religious type but when you are seated in the official State dining room of the White House and you are only one of forty or so survivors, I think it's a good time to consider religion.  It really is a beautiful room, ornately decorated in kind of a beige hue with a large marble fireplace and a huge portrait of Abraham Lincoln hanging over it.   I think I read somewhere it can seat something like a hundred and fifty people, so we still have room to find a few more, although Im not sure we have enough bread.  I did see some rolls on the table that I hadnt seen before and I made sure to grab two before they disappeared.  I begin to speak again, but everyone is so busy eating I let the food do the talking.  It is delicious, it's some kind of chicken and noodles with broccoli, even Jeffrey is eating it. I wonder if he's missing Seven-Eleven now, maybe I'll show him my stash of Doritos later.  There is even wine, white of course, to go with the meal.  I decide it's time to raise my glass.  To the survivors, I say.  I watch as everyone except the killer, I mean Jeffrey drink.  Once most of us have finished and a little small talk begins springing up I figure it's a good time to stand up and deliver my words.  I close my eyes imagining the President doing it.  I can see how it can be quite ominous especially with heads of state seated in front of you, well I have four who dont speak English and Karen claims she is the head of our family, so I guess that qualifies.  Im so glad we could all meet together like this.  I think it is our duty to come together and continue the human race.  I know it sounds good.  I've had plenty of time to prepare, remember I didnt have to help with dinner. I think we should all stay together, strength in numbers. I say.  I wish I had remembered to ask Marissa about that.  Why dont we all stay near here and use this as our base and continue to search the world for survivors.  I go on and on for a half hour or so, till Karen tells me to let someone else have a turn, plus I think it's time for desert.   Evan stands up next and thanks me and my family for doing all that we did.  I guess him and I are considered the leaders.  We listen to him describe their ordeal.  He goes on to explain how he ran Craigs company.  Apparently Craig is this really rich guy who inherited a lot of money and a large manufacturing company and he hired Evan to run it which he has been doing for years and they and two others, Robert and Mary were all staying on Craigs private island when everything went down. They hunkered down and somehow survived and picked up the rest of the people.  I want to ask him if he's planning taking his company public, but I figure it's a little late for that now.  We remain in the dining room for the next several hours and then retreat to the ballroom for some dancing, okay Im just kidding, but it sounds good.  Afterwards, we all go to our respective rooms and of course I go to my Oval Office and put my feet up on the Presidents desk.  I can really get used to this.  I am startled when Evan comes in through the door, especially since he didnt knock. I'll have to get a sign on the door.
So this is the Oval Office? He asks.
Yep this is it. I answer back taking my feet down, for some reason it doesnt seem as proper anymore.
He takes a seat on the upholstered chair opposite me.  So what do you really think we should do here?
We can continue playing President, Im having fun.  I quickly put my feet back up on the desk.  He quietly chuckles.
No I mean with our situation.
I abruptly bring my feet back down on the floor.  I'm not used to all this exercise.  I think we should keep looking for people like you guys have been doing. 
I agree.  We will keep doing that. Ill have Craig keep flying.  Maybe he can bring some of the rest of them with him to help, but then what?
I hadnt really thought about the what part yet.  I mean I guess we have to try and keep producing.  I hope he knows what I mean because I dont want to have to explain that to another grown man.  Luckily, he nods.  I hand him the letter explaining how the virus may have started and watch him carefully read through it.  Let me give this to Jim.  Maybe this will help him.  I think thats the biggest concern is survival right now.  Especially for the younger ones, they are the ones who are going to be doing most of the producing as you say. I immediately think of Marissa and producing at the same time, maybe I shouldnt have spoken so soon.  You dont mind if we all stay here?  I mean I agree with your strength in numbers theory.  Maybe I should ask him what thats from, but instead I just nod making him think I know.
Yes, I mean with all of us working together we should be able to make it.  We should probably divide into teams.
What do you mean? Evan asks placing the letter down on the small mahogany table in front of him.
I mean like youre friend Craig can be in charge of searching and of course Tim can continue cooking if he wants. No more sandwiches and burgers for a while I think.  Karen is an RN so she can help out with medical issues. Lets hope we dont have any of those.
I believe Jim is an MD as well, so he can help out with that as well as figuring out what happened from that virus. Im still not convinced we arent all going to come down with it.
Dont tell that to Jeffrey, I mumble.
Whats that?
Nothing.  What about all the bodies?  I watch his face tighten up.
I think that is an impossible task, we may have to let nature take its course.  I try to imagine getting used to it, but I still dont think it would happen anytime soon.  Ill keep sending out communications.  I say.  I didnt want to tell him Ill probably continue working on my bowling game as well since its located so close to the communications room.
Sounds good.  Ill try and organize the rest of them to help us out in our search teams.  We speak for another hour or so till he slowly rises to his feet.  Thanks again for all you have done here.  I think Im going to turn in early.  As soon as he leaves the room I put my feet back up on the desk, I guess I feel like more exercise.  I spend the next several hours sitting here, lost in thought till Karen enters, she didnt knock either.
 Seth, I think its time you turned in.  Why are you always in here?
I slowly lower my feet to the floor. I dont know it just seems like the right place to be.
She slowly walks over and stands next to me. Its the Oval office Seth. I mean youre down here all the time.  You cant solve all the problems of the world.
I shake my head, I think about putting my feet back up on the desk, but I figure a head shake is enough. I know, but I feel like I have to do something to try and keep the world as we know it.  It just isnt fair that it has to end like this.
She gives me that confused look.  Its the one she usually uses whenever I talk.  What do you mean Seth?  Its not over yet.  Were still here and now we have Evan and all the others.
I dont speak for a minute. You know what they say a long pause can add much needed drama to any statement.  Its not enough Karen, even with all of us, theres no way we can survive.  I think about another pause, but I decide to keep going. Its only a matter of time till we all die off.  I mean whose going to support us with food, medicine and everything.  What happens when that all ends?
Are you sure youre okay Seth? I really think youre spending too much time in here. She looks around the office focusing on the US flag behind the desk.  It's one of those ones with the gold braids on the end. It must be something with this office.  It seems to have the same effect on everyone that has worked here.  I feel her place her arms on my shoulder.  We have to stay positive and just worry about the present Seth.  I mean we have all these people here to help us now.  It must be a sign from above.  I slowly nod my head again.  Were going to make it.  Thats what we have to do.
I know we do, but I just dont see a way for us to make it.  I mean there are so many things that can go wrong.  Maybe she is right; I am spending too much time in this office.  I used to be so positive.
Come on Seth, lets go to the kitchen.  She reaches out and grabs my hand. Ill make you a nice snack.  Not another cheeseburger I think, hopefully Tim is still in there.  I reluctantly stand up and catch my reflection in the small mirror near the door.  I dont even recognize myself.  I look as though I have aged twenty years since the last time I really looked at myself.  I guess its true what they say this office ages you more than anywhere else.  I follow Karen to the kitchen and for the first time since we have been here, you can actually feel the presence of life, all these comforting souls under one roof, even Jeffrey and his stick.  I'm not sure where they are all sleeping but we have company. We walk all the way to the kitchen without saying a word. I think we are both just enjoying the feeling of human life.  Unfortunately Tim's not in the kitchen when we arrive, but his dessert still is.  We both grab the two largest spoons we can find, and trust me there are a lot of spoons in the White House kitchen and spend the next hour or so eating the succulent Black Forest Cake and drinking the rest of the white wine. I don't miss the cheeseburgers.


Chapter 14



Its been several weeks now since our visitors arrived, kind of like the guests that came to dinner and never left, okay Im kidding. I am really glad they are here. It is kind of fun getting to know everyone.  I have even gotten over my negative outlook. I think it has something to do with Tims great cooking, but I dont tell that to Karen, I tell her it's her constant reassurances.  Maybe I shouldve taken my moms advice and dated the girls from the local chef school.  Anyway, I try and travel with Craig whenever possible.  In fact, we all take turns flying on the Gulfstream.  He even let me take the controls a few times. I noticed he waited till we were at least 25,000 feet up, but still I got to fly a plane.  He really is an interesting guy.  Apparently, He was born rich and inherited the company.  He never really did any work, that was Evans job I have learned, but he isnt arrogant or anything like that, just a guy who liked to have a good time, and that we did.  On the last trip, we actually did some diving at the Great Barrier Reef. How cool is it just to be able to wake up and decide you can go anywhere in the world you want.  That was his life and it really hasnt changed much since all this happened except for now he has a purpose in his travels, looking for survivors.  The bad news is we still havent found anyone else, but back here things seem to be taking shape, as I said before Tim has taken to the cooking, I guess the White House is kind of the ultimate kitchen for a chef.  We try to have sit-down dinners whenever we can, but usually everyone is too caught up in something or other like driving or sending out messages, or trying to ramp up their bowling game like me.  We even had a bowling night the other night and I came in second.  I didnt tell anyone about all my late nights in the alley.  Thats my new hangout.  I have actually been spending less time in the Oval Office. My legs are beginning to tire from going up and down on the desk, and I think I have found a few more gray hairs, so I decided to work my arms out for a while and work on my bowling game.  Karen thinks Im nuts, but at least Im a happy nuts.  Marissa is still filming everything, luckily not my bowling game yet, although maybe in the future I could use the footage to improve my form. Im sure shell be thrilled by that.   She has gotten to know a few of the younger males pretty well, they have all taken to hanging out, hopefully they continue to hang out and not produce out, remember the producing talk with Evan.  That brings me to Evan, the guy has incredible energy and he turns in early every night. I'm guessing that may be why he has all that energy because hes not doing the midnight bowling routine every night like I am, makes me wonder how any President can get anything done around here with all this stuff to do and eat.  Evan has been really busy with the traveling. He is so determined to keep finding people.  He spends all day mapping places out and then jumping on the plane with Craig.  I hardly ever see him.  Our live-in scientist, I think his name is Jim which rhymes with Tim, I know it's a bit confusing has been studying the virus, not really sure what he does, but he has a lab set up in the basement that none of us dare go into for fear we will get something.  I can certainly understand why he survived because I havent seen him leave the lab yet.  The four non-English speakers seem to be hitting it off despite none of them speaking the same language.  Linda, an attractive fifty-something year old former teacher has taken up the task of teaching them English. We had to decide on a common language.  I guess I can teach them bowling one of these days or nights.  Karen has been busy as well, besides trying to keep me in line and out of trouble.  She has been setting up a little clinic to take care of minor illnesses, luckily we havent had anything despite my sore finger from too much bowling that she threw me an icepack and told me to stop bowling to cure it, so much for her bedside manner.  As far as Jeffrey, well he is just Jeffrey.  I havent seen him much lately, not that I miss him or anything. I always keep my eyes open whenever I come around a corner especially outside, but he pretty much keeps to himself and doesnt really help out with anything as far as I can see.  Two of the men, I think their names are William and Trey, Im still trying to learn all the names, you would think I would know them all by now being theres only forty or so of us left in the world, have volunteered to work on the upkeep of the building inside and outside.  By the way, no one has volunteered to drive the limo yet, although I did see Jason, the youngest male of the group checking it out the other day, so maybe theres still hope.  Everyone else just seems to be kind of pitching in where they can. Some of them go with Craig and Evan while others help out around the house with Tim and Karen. 
SethSethcome quick.  Evan sticks his head into the Oval office door, I really need that lock. I quickly drop my feet down from the desk again and run out behind him.
What is it?  Whats wrong?  I yell out running two steps behind him.  I guess Ill have to pick up my leg exercises in the Oval Office some to keep up.
Its Jeffrey.  I think he has flipped.  He shouts out looking back at me as we continue running down the stairs. No surprise there, I think. Hes in the lab with Jim destroying everything.
"What? I yell out as we quickly approach the entrance of the lab.  I think it used to be some kind of secure vault or office with the thick glass door at the entrance.  I immediately pull on the door, but its locked. Inside I can see a terrified Jim leaning against the wall while Jeffrey is swinging what looks like a golf club. Whats with this guy and swinging things? He's knocking over glass jars and scientific tools.  I watch him reel the club back and swing knocking more things over.  I keep pulling on the locked door trying to get his attention.  Even though I dont want to go in there, I feel it's my responsibility since I am the one who brought him here and we cant afford to lose all this research on what I dont know, but it looks important.  I'm not sure what to do next, but Evan hands me a key so I place it into the lock and sure enough it opens.  I slowly enter the room picking up a fire extinguisher hanging just inside the door and aim it directly at Jeffrey who is slightly taken aback from my entering.  I watch as a nervous Jim scurries behind me and out the door, I am surprised he actually knows how get out. I slowly close in on Jeffrey until he finally drops the golf club, the Presidents nine iron I should add. It falls to the floor.  He doesnt look well.  There are broken flasks everywhere and liquids seeping from every direction.  I feel like I've stepped into some mad scientists lab and diseases are pouring out of every crack, I just hope they arent attacking me. I suddenly feel my shoulders being pulled backwards.  What are you doing? I scream.
Saving your life, Evan and Jim yell dragging me backwards and back out of the room.
Ive got him under control.  I say feeling irritated.
You dont have him under control, the virus does.  Jim answers.
"You have the virus right here in the White House where we are all are?  I wish I had that golf club in my hands now.  Im not sure what happened to the fire extinguisher, but I must have dropped it in there otherwise Im sure I would have shot him a blast with it.
I have been working with a sample and I thought I was closing in on a cure, but now everything is destroyed thanks to that idiot.  He points at Jeffrey who is slowly trying to sit up.
How do you know the rest of us dont have it now?  I say shaking my head and instinctively wiping off my clothes.
No exposure. He quickly answers.
What does that mean?  I'm not felling happy.  I dont even think Tim and his cooking can cheer me up this time.
It means none of us were exposed to it directly.  It is in liquid form and you need direct exposure for it to work, like what happened to him.  We look in at Jeffrey who is sheepishly looking back at us.  I can see he is covered in chemicals, dust and everything else that is in that crazy lab.
Whats going to happen to him?  I ask already knowing what his response is going to be. See how smart I am at times, too bad Karen isnt nearby.
Hes going to die very shortly.  He says it with almost no remorse, so scientifically like he's talking about a car or something.  We need to ensure he stays in there and doesnt leave the room.  I look over at Evan who is eyeing a large desk nearby.  We both quickly slide the desk in front of the door allowing no way for Jeffrey to get out.  I feel bad doing it, but at the same time I feel as though he deserves it smashing everything in the lab like that.  I stare into his eyes and it's as though he knows exactly what we are doing because he slowly lies back onto the floor and nods at me, or maybe it's a convulsion I'm not sure.  I am still too upset to think straight.  I think I need to bowl a few frames or have a bite of that Black Forest cake.  We stand there looking at Jeffrey as he awaits his fate for a few minutes until Jim begins pushing the desk out of the way.
What the hell are you doing?  I yell thinking we had enough excitement for one day, especially since I'm getting ready to head to the bowling alley.
Im going in. He answers back placing a large mask over his face and gloves on his hands.               
No, we need you. Evan says pushing the desk back in front of the door.
The only way Im going to be able to figure out that virus is to see its effect on a live person.  I need to go in.  He pushes the desk away again.  I almost push it back in front again just for fun, but I just nod knowing he's right.
Be careful.  I say moving the desk all the way away from the door.  Evan doesnt look happy and looks like he is going to push it back again, enough with desk moving I think, but he relents and we both watch Jim enter into the lab and kneel down in front of Jeffery.  I think about moving the desk again, but instead I run upstairs and get Jason, the young guy who I notice is spending a lot of time near Marissa lately. I know this will keep him busy and also William, one of the guys working outside and explain to them what is going on. I tell them to stand in front of that door and not let anyone out, even Jim, which he probably wont mind anyway since he practically lives in there.   I watch them move the desk, poor desk probably has moved more in the last five minutes than in the last hundred years.  I take one last look in there and Jim winks at me, so either he thinks I am handsome or he has the situation under control.  I catch my reflection in a mirror and decide on the latter, although I dont look as gray in the light in here, maybe I should give Jim another look.  I quickly go back upstairs and explain what has happened to Karen and Marissa, although I dont tell Marissa Jason is down there.  We decide we should hold a meeting with everyone tonight and explain what has happened.  I really hope Jeffrey wont try and attend.


Chapter 15   

Well poor Karens little clinic has been so busy today. I told her she should start charging money, but she just looked at me in that same way she always does.  Ever since word got out that Jeffrey has the virus everyone has been coming down saying their throat hurts or theyre coughing.    Even I stopped by and coughed a few times in front of her, which she didnt think was very funny.  Craig and his crew are due in any moment now, so as soon as they arrive we will have our meeting.  I decided to use the Oval Office this time.  We have set up chairs all around my desk.  I'm still not sure if I should keep my feet up or down.  There are forty-four of us not counting Jeffrey and Jim, so we should easily fit everyone in there.  I spoke to Jim before and he said he is going to stay in the lab, I know no surprise, but he wants to monitor Jeffrey and of course not scare anyone by his presence.  I guess he looked in the mirror recently because he really is beginning to look like the scientist in the movie Back to the Future.  It must be a certain look they all try and achieve because every scientist I have ever met, which isnt many, all look very similar. He says Jeffrey is still alive, but he is deteriorating quickly.  He hopes to have some news before the meeting. Craig and his group have finally arrived, they said they went exploring for more people, but they look very tan and relaxed. I dont ask questions.  Everyone is gathered in front of me, so I start out explaining what has happened and tell them the bad news that Jeffrey didnt make it.  Jim just called me right before the meeting and gave me an update.  I couldnt tell if he was winking or not this time, so I assumed he wasnt.  Although, I was thinking about getting some of that gray hair coloring shampoo. Everyone seems really on edge tonight and there is a lot of coughing and snorting and I can proudly say none of it is coming from me, so Karen better be nice to me later.  She is closely monitoring everyone, but I think we all determined it's just anxiety from being so close to the virus again.  I notice Jason is seated next to Marissa. I will have to make sure and keep that boy busy.  Every time I try to speak someone interrupts me with a question about the virus. I try to assure them that it is in liquid form and isnt contagious unless you touch it, maybe I should have had Jim come up.  I guess next time he can be here if we can get him out of that lab.  After about an hour talking about the virus, it's time to move on.
Im not comfortable sleeping here anymore.  Last night William came into my room. Linda, the teacher calls out.
What?  I answer back looking at William who suddenly bores his eyes straight into the floor.
Someones been going through my stuff, Adam, a twenty-something male who must have spent a lot of time in his former life in a gym.  The guy looks like Stallone in Rocky 3.
Whats going on here?  My office has burst into constant chatter.  I cant even hear myself think anymore.  What has Jeffrey done? And who would have ever thought a few months ago I was complaining about the silence.
Craigs not letting everyone go on the plane anymore?  Jason calls out.  I notice he has moved a little closer to Marissa.  Hes not following the schedule.  I look at Craig who is shaking his head.  Charles, the biggest of all of us and roughest looking,  I think he's about six-four and probably close to two-fifty with a scruffy face that holds an expression like a bulldog looks as though he's ready to place his fist in Evans mouth.  They are arguing so loudly that I cant understand a word they're saying.  Both of their faces are beat red.  The four non-English speakers are huddled together in the back taking everything in.  I still didnt know any of their names.  I guess I'll have to ask Linda, but she looks so upset because of Williams last night actions.  All the way in the back is Tim, who appears to be calmly drifting in and out of a day dream, probably thinking about what he's going to make next.  I'm glad no one is yelling at him.  I keep trying to calm everyone down, but no one is listening.  I look over at Karen and she just shrugs.  Jason's whispering in Marissas ear, so I figure I better do something quick. I put my feet up on the desk and glance out the window behind me trying to tune everyone out.  I keep thinking about Jeffrey lying down there, causing his own death.  I cant help but wonder why he did that, but I think I'm beginning to understand.  I think the burden and the stress of this is getting too much to bear for all of us.
Stop!  I scream, but it's too late Evan and Charles are on the floor swinging at each other, everyone is cheering for one or the other.  We are turning against each other.  I can feel it.  I feel like cheering for Evan, maybe even taking a few bets.  Perhaps instead of bowling we could have fight nights, but I look at Karen and she is shaking her head.  How does she know?  So I run over and try to break it up, but I'm not able to.  Why is everyone just watching?  Finally, with Jasons help, Im glad he's away from Marissa again; we are able to hold Charles off.  Evan looks as though half of his face is gone, so I send him with Karen to her clinic.  Maybe now she'll agree now that we should start charging money for her services.  I start to follow them out the door, but stop.  I take a long hard look at everyone sitting in there.  They are all at each others odds and suffering.  I wave for Tim, who happily follows me out the door, I love this guy.  What else can happen tonight?  I think.
Whats happening in there?
Im not sure Tim.  I think we are all starting to face reality.
Why did you call me out here?
I think you should go back to where youre happiest.  I quickly lead him towards the kitchen.  I can already taste that Black Forest cake.  It feels like it's burning up my mouth.  We can still here all the noise back in the Oval Office as we round the last corner and step into kitchen.
I think we need to celebrate tonight.  I mean with Jeffrey passing and all the craziness. Can you make us a great dessert? I ask looking around the kitchen for any leftover snacks.
Sure what do you think I should make? He begins grabbing pots and pans.
How about that Black Forest?  I guess I'm not holding anything back anymore.  He smiles and nods. I'm not sure if he's smiling because he knows how much I like it or because he's glad to be making something again and out of that asylum.  I want to stay around and lick the spoons, but I decide I better head down to pay my respects to Jeffrey.  At least now he cant hit me with a stick.  I know bad joke but its been a crazy day.  I walk back down the hallway near the Oval Office.  I can still hear what sounds like screaming, so I speed up and quickly turn to go down the stairs, nothing like running away from your problems.  I almost jump to the ceiling when I came face to face with Jim.  He's outside his lab, I almost dont recognize him.  
Hey I was just coming down to see you. Im close enough now to see into the lab door.  On the floor I can still see Jeffrey or at least what is left of him.  Jim must have examined every part of the guys body.  So what did you find out?  I make sure to stay a good distance away from him.  I like it better when he's behind the glass.  Ill have to ask William about possibly enclosing the whole floor.
I got a lot of samples to study, but all my equipment is broken.  Im heading out to find some more.  I hope he washed his hands.
Okay.  When do you think we can bury him?
I should be done by tomorrow if I can find the right stuff.  Im going to the National Science Center down the street.  I have no idea where or even what that is so I just nod. I had figured he was going to try Target or Walmart, little did I know.
Is it safe down here?
From the virus yes, from another lunatic Im not sure. A scientist with sarcasm what more can I ask for.
I wanted to ask you maybe once youre done if you wouldnt mind talking to everyone upstairs and letting them know its safe, you know about the whole liquid thing.  I'm thinking maybe that will calm everyone down.
No problem.  Can you tell them to stay away?  I still cant believe that he came in here like that.  He points back towards Jeffrey. "How did he get the key anyway?
I wonder the same thing because Evan has one too and here I thought I was the one working in the Oval Office, maybe I should stop spending so much time at the bowling alley.
Im not sure. I will look into it, So much for tonights midnight game.  Did he say anything?
He was just ranting and raving that I was trying to kill them all and that I was going to release the virus on everyone.  Then he started breaking everything.  He looks down.  I would have had everything more secure if I had known there were more keys out there.
Well have to get the lock changed. Ill get William or actually I will get Jason to do it." More time away from Marissa.
Also, I think you need to set up some kind of hierarchy in here?
What do you mean?
We all just run free. Theres no rules, no responsibility, no one to answer to.  Its going to all come crashing down on us soon you know.  I blink my eyes trying to remember if he was at the meeting upstairs and had seen it is already happening.  Maybe he's right we need to get some kind of order here.  I mean if you think about it, all evolutions follow a set of rules and guidelines or they dont make it.  Look what happened to Rome, they lost control and it fell and its going to happen here too, and Im afraid very shortly.
I'm not really hearing every word he's saying or maybe I am, but I understand what he means.  We need to get control and make this happen.  If only I could have a piece of that Black Forest cake, I could forget about all this.
The chances of our survival are close to a million to one as it is and to preserve the human race we need to produce at a rate that is nearly impossible considering how many females we have.  Theres that producing thing again. I quickly push the thought of Jason and Marissa out of my head.  But at least with a stable order we will have a chance for humans to interact and follow social norms.  I nod. I'm not in the mood for this tonight. I quickly turn around and headed directly to the kitchen before my taste buds explode, the future of civilization will have to wait.



Chapter 16  

I didnt sleep well last night maybe it was because I had too much cake or because I was at the bowling alley till two AM. I dont know but I think Karen is about ready to give up on me.  Im heading down to the Oval Office. I think my feet need a resting place.  As soon as I walk in I quickly remember the meeting in here last night.  The chairs are still out of order and there is trash on the floor. The former Presidents must be rolling in their graves.  "Sorry," I yell out to the presidential paintings on the wall near my desk.  I guess the new era of the casual White House has started.  I hope my approval rating doesnt take a turn for the worse.   
Hey Dad who are you talking too?
No one, I mumble. I didnt even here her come in. "What are you up to today?  I notice she has her camera with her.  I hope she isnt planning on taking pictures of Jason.
I think Im going to head out to the monuments and film them.
Sounds good, its supposed to be a nice day today. You want some company?
Sure.  Ill go check with Jason.
I almost fall over.  What?
She starts to laugh.  Im kidding Dad.  I see how you look at him and keep him so busy.
Who me? I ask.
Yes you Dad.  She playfully punches my shoulder.
Hes just a good worker.
A good worker you are trying to keep away from me.
I shake my head. How do you know about that?  When did she become so much like Karen? 
It so obvious, even Jason asked me about it the other day.  I walk over to the window and look out.
Sorry honey.  I didnt know I was that obvious.
Im kidding again Dad.  She looks at me closely.  Are you sure youre okay.  Usually I can never get you and I got you twice.  I place my arm over her shoulder.  Im okay Marissa, Im just a little caught up in everything going on around here, especially last night.
Its okay Dad.  Everyone thinks youre doing a good job.
What do you mean?  I ask.
I mean being in charge of everything.  
Am I in charge? I never thought about that.  I guess I am.  Maybe thats what Jim was trying to tell me last night that I was in charge and I need to do something.  I guess youre right Honey.  I love my modesty.
Are you going to be the leader, like officially?
An agreed upon leader, not a bad idea.  That could stabilize things.  That must be what Jim meant.  Maybe I should start hanging around that lab all the time.  How did you get so smart Marissa?
She smiles, From Mom obviously.
Got me again, I laugh.  Lets go check out those monuments.  I think about asking if she would drive the limo, but I figure Karen would hand me my head if she found out I made my daughter drive me in the limo.  I guess Ill keep working on Jason.  We spend the next several hours visiting each monument, I had forgotten how many there are now, but luckily there were no lines.  I know enough with the bad jokes about the lack of people.  It was nice to see everything.  It is the first time since we have been here that I actually spent some time enjoying the city.  It gives me some time to reflect on what we need to do.  I watch Marissa set up her equipment at each site and film the structures from all different angles.  She even let me talk into the camera in front of the Lincoln Memorial, must have been my great leadership skills she had been talking about earlier that inspired her.  I look back at Abe for any advice, but all I get is a stone cold stare back.  Maybe TJ will be a little more expressive.  Well we spend the next several hours going to the rest of the monuments. She even got me to the top of the Washington again, and I am still very scared of heights, but Marissa let me run the elevator so I was happy.  I actually pretended I was the tour guide explaining the various markings on the way up.  She wanted to take the stairs down, but I had to say no, remember Im still her father. We eventually made our way back to the White House and I immediately went to the Oval Office and placed my feet up on the desk and this time they are staying up no matter who comes in, I am tired.  I decide to call Jason, maybe Marissa is right. Im a little over-protective, okay way over-protective, but he comes right up and I dont even take my feet down.  I tell him we need to work on setting up some more activities to keep everyone happy and busy. He says he will work on everything.  I figure that will keep him away from Marissa for a few hours, and plus I know she's uploading all her footage onto her two new laptops she got from Best Buy.   I call Tim next in the kitchen and am happy when he answers. I ask him if he can make another desert, youll never guess what I ask him to make.  He said he would make a second small one for me as well.  Have I told you how much I love this guy? Maybe I should have Marissa hang around him instead, but Karen probably wouldnt like that.  I spend the next several hours working in the Oval office, okay I'm not really working.  I think I actually fell asleep with my feet on the desk, but it sure sounds good to say.  I decide after a little while that I should step out and take another one of my little trips, so I go and fire up the Town Car. I did look at the limo again and thought about Jason, but I let it go since he was probably busy setting up activities.  I notice a lot more cars have shown up out there in the parking lot.  It's beginning to look like and import lot, especially next to my big square Town Car.  There are Jags, Porsches Ferraris and a few I dont even know what they are so maybe my limo thing isnt that crazy after all.  I'll have to bring that up to Karen later. I wonder how I would look in a Lamborghini.  I look out the passenger window. I cant believe it, Jim is outside, or at least someone who looks like him is.  I open the window and call out to him and he agrees to come with me.  He must have thought this was like a meeting of the minds or something.  Im still waiting for him to ask me to help him in that lab.  I'm glad he's not wearing that white lab coat. I always wondered why doctors and scientists always wear white. I mean they work with blood and gross things, but I decide not to ask.  I'm just glad he isn't brining any of that stuff into my Town Car.  We drive for about ten minutes and I dont think I say a word, I just let him talk.  He is saying the same thing he was saying the other night, but in even bigger words, so I dont want him to think I dont know what he is saying so I just nod every time he pauses and he keeps going.  Maybe the meeting of the minds thing isnt really happening, but he doesnt have to know that.  We keep driving. I'm not really sure where we were going, so I just head south.  I thought about mentioning the traffic again, but Jim probably wouldnt laugh, so instead I just listen to his theories for a while and luckily he doesn't ask my opinion and realize I'm not really on his level.   About an hour or so later, we drive back to the White House again, I just nod and keep trying to look smart. Its really pretty easy as long as you dont have to talk.  I think Jim is really impressed.  Still no invite to the lab though.  I decide to go back to the Oval Office while he goes back to the lab. Maybe Karen is right I am spending too much time in here.  He did say he would try and speak to everyone to ease their fears.  I just hope he uses simpler words.
Hey Seth. What are you up to?  Karen asks surprising me because she's seated at my desk.  She doesnt have her feet up so at least I dont think she's going to tell me it is hers now, but I am still a little nervous.  Some new stuff has come up I think we need to work on. I explain sitting in one of the upholstered chairs and placing the briefcase beside me on the floor.  There is no where to put my feet.
Like what? She leans forward placing her hands under her chin.
I go on for the next fifteen minutes explaining what Jim and I had discussed.  I even told her about Jims input, though I'm hoping she will think it's mostly my bright idea.  She listens very closely only interrupting a few times to ask a question or two.  This is definitely a first.  Maybe I should let her sit at that desk more often.
"I think you are right we need to do something especially after what is happening around here.  I see her feet move and fear they may end up on my desk. Things are getting bad.  I saw Evan earlier he still looks pretty bad after what Charles did to him, and he's a former Special Forces guy.
You didnt hear?
What? I say turning my head quickly.
Charles just beat up Jason?
I'm not sure whether to jump up and down or stomp my foot in anger at that guy, so I just sit there and smile.
Seth. I know that look.
What look? I cover my mouth with my hands.
That one youre hiding.
Im just upset that he is terrorizing everyone.  I explain.
Yeah right, Marissa told me all about you and Jason.  She leans over and touches my shoulder.  Have I told you how much I like it when she does that?  Hes really a good guy. They get along so well.  I saw them holding hands earlier.
What?  I quickly stand up.
Thats when Charles went nuts again.  Something about the hallway outside his room was dirty.  I think Jason was trying to protect Marissa.
I keep my hands over my mouth and dont say anything, just nod which probably pleases Karen.  
"It will be okay Seth."
"I know it's just strange, I mean here it was two months ago and we were all alone and miserable and now that we have all these people here it's complete chaos."
I smile as Karen begins rubbing my shoulder.  "I think it's normal when you cram this many people together under stressful conditions."
"I feel like we're living a reality show."
She rubs even harder. "We are."


Chapter 17


A few hours later, I decide not to bowl tonight and just go to bed. I hope I can still win the tournament that Jason setup for next week.  Karen is looking at me like I am crazy, but she looks at me like that every night, so it's not too much of a surprise
"Are you sure youre okay Seth?  You never go to be this early."
"I'm fine.  I think Im just tired."  I should've reminded her about my meeting with Jim in the car and all my brilliant thoughts.  I think she would agree that would wear anyone out.
She rolls over and adjusts the comforter. Yes it has a Presidential seal on it.  I thought about getting a mirror installed on the ceiling so I could see it better, but Karen would never agree to that.  I tell her about Marissa and our little trip to the monuments and how I went all the way to the top of the Washington Monument, she doesnt seem that impressed.  We then start talking about my ride with Jim again.  
"I just feel like we arent going to make it if we dont get things under control.  Look what happened with Jeffrey going nuts like that and killing himself.  He could have taken all of us with him if it wasn't for Jim.  I feel Karen's arm wrap around me. I think I have told you how much I like when she does this.  "I think Jeffrey had some other issues and plus he was your friend."
I quickly sit up removing myself from her grasp.  "What?"  I call out.
She grabs me again pushing me back on to the Select Comfort mattress, yes the President has one, he was a seventy-six and I'm a number fifty-one.
 "I'm kidding Seth, relax.  You are way to tense, maybe you should start that exercise program your doctor had you on again."  I didnt want to tell her about the bowling and the feet up and down on the desk, so I just nod and feel her hold me again. 
 "I guess youre right.  I just want to survive.  I mean not for me, but for Marissa, she is way too young."
"I know Seth.  We're doing the best we can.  Look how far we have come.  A few months ago we were stuck out at sea with no end in sight."
I roll over and look at her. She looks like she doesnt have a fear in the world.  I hope she isn't noticing the gray in my hair. I'll have to remind myself to keep the lights out when she's around.  I still remember the day we met.  I was in grad school trying to find my way and one day I ended up falling down a flight of stairs, I guess I can be clumsy.  When I woke up in the hospital she was the first one I saw, and it was love at first sight ever since, at least for me.  She looked like an angel in her white pants and flowered pink top. It probably helped that I was all bandaged up and she couldnt see my face, but she did agree to go out with me if I listened to her instructions for the next week, if only she knew.  I try to roll over and close my eyes, but we both quickly sit up when we hear a loud crash, it sounds like a small explosion and I think I even hear glass breaking.  I immediately think of the lab so I begin to pull the cover towards my head until I feel Karen's hands nudging me up. I like it so much better when she hugs me.  I really dont want to get out of bed, especially when we hear another crash, this time it sounds a little louder and a little closer.  I really want to hide under those covers.  I feel another nudge so I reluctantly jump out of bed.  I know the President never had to deal with this. He had Secret Service, maybe I can talk to Jason about that later.  I look back at Karen and she is already shaking her head, how does she do it?
"What's going on Seth?" She asks pushing me away from the bed.
"Maybe the raccoons are getting in the garbage again," I reply.  She doesnt look amused especially since there are no raccoons and we have our own compactor.   I slowly step towards the door trying to ignore Karen's waving hands.  I dont want to look scared, but I also dont want to be hit over the head either.  I wonder if Jeffrey has come back from the dead and is swinging a giant stick.  I keep that to myself.  I slowly open the door and almost run into a terrified Marissa who instantly runs into our room and leaps onto the bed, probably going under the covers too.  I carefully close our door and begin tiptoeing down the dimly lit hallway half expecting to get knocked down by a giant bear or something, but so far everything seems normal.  I look behind me and I am happy to see our door is closed and they are probably both under the covers and comfort of that Presidential seal, I hope I'll be able to see it again. I wonder what number Marissa is. I get to the end of the hallway near the door that takes us downstairs, luckily no one else lives on our floor.  I think there are a bunch of people living somewhere downstairs in various rooms, though Im not exactly sure.  I just know how to get to the Oval Office, the kitchen and the bowling alley and of course to the parking lot where the limo is kept. Everyone else has taken up quarters in the Old Executive Building and Evan and Craig are in the Blair Mansion. Another crash, although not as loud as the first, it is definitely coming from below me.  I really dont want to open the door, but I can almost feel Karen still pushing me.  I slowly turn the knob and step out into the hall.  It seems darker than usual, maybe I can hide. I think I hear voices, but they sound faint, maybe it's Karen telling me to keep going, so I take another step and begin to walk down the stairs.
I see people. It's Jim, now I know something has happened in the lab. Every fiber in my body is telling me turn around and run back up but I keep going.
"Hello Seth everything is okay now."
"Okay now, what about before? Was it not okay then?"  I guess I'm being a little testy with him, but he's a scientist who works in a lab with the virus that killed mankind or at least most of it.
"It was just a transformer?"
"A what?" I reply back still a little testy.  "What is a transformer?"
"You know an electrical device that transfers energy between circuits or changes the voltage from one to another."  Jim answers.
"Thanks for clearing that up." I nod hoping he wont see the confusion swarming around inside my head.  My head is beginning to hurt as well.  I hope Karen has some meds.
"I dont think it is anything to worry about at this point." He looks down towards the stairs.  "The White House is fully equipped with tons of redundancy for these kinds of things.  In fact there's more power sources here than the whole DC grid. It's actually quite amazing."  I cant wait to relay this to Karen she is going to think Im so smart.  
"So what's happening?" I ask seeing Tim walk over and stand on the bottom step.  I sure hope the kitchen still works or at least the oven that bakes those Black Forest cakes.
"It's what I have been fearing is going to begin happening, the infrastructure is starting to give way.  Remember this stuff can't run by itself forever."  I look over at Tim who is nodding too, must be a sign of brilliance.
"So how much longer do you think we'll have electricity?"  I ask not wanting to know the answer and wondering if Tim can still create a Black Forest in one of those Easy Bake ovens that run on batteries if it comes to that.
"Fortunately for us we live in sector that is under control from a nuclear source as opposed to a coal one, so we should get a little more power, but for how long I don't know.  Everything I have read, suggests we shouldnt have any power at this point, but we still do."  I watch him scratch his head.  Why do all real smart people do that? I wonder.  "Im guessing there was a system built in to provide the President with power for a certain amount of time, but for how long.  I can't tell you since nothing like this has ever happened before.
I stop nodding and began shaking my head. I should tell Karen I found a new form of exercise.  I quickly contemplate we have maybe a few months left at most.  Then what? I wonder.  Maybe the bowling tournament isnt so important anymore.
"Can we do anything to prolong it?" I ask.
I watch Jim shake his head. I hope he was taking up my exercise program, but I quickly realize he isn't once he begins to speak. "Unfortunately, we dont have the resources or expertise to run a nuclear power plant, so we will eventually lose power." He looks down. "Although, like I said we do have the backups here but they will run out eventually."
I'm beginning to feel sick.  I think about asking Tim to make one of those cakes to cheer us up, but I figure we better save the electricity while we still have it.  I'll check the toy basket later I found in the basement for that Easy Bake.  Just then Evan and Craig walk into the hallway.  I listen as Jim explains to them what is happening, then I slip away to break the news to Karen and Marissa and hopefully get under those covers since I'll have to get used to total darkness soon anyway.  Karen seems to take the news fairly well. I guess there really isn't much more that we could hear that wouldnt faze us at this point.  


Chapter 18  

       The next several weeks kind of went by without incident.  I did keep my eye on Jason and made sure he was constantly busy despite Marissa's pleas to lighten up on him.  Everyone seems to have calmed down some. Even Charles hasn't punched anyone lately. I had Jason put a nice lock on the Oval Office.  Yes, I'm still spending my time in here as well as the kitchen and the bowling alley.  The other night I actually rolled a one-fifty, so maybe we can start a bowling team sometime soon. I'll have to bring it up at the next meeting.   Evan is still heading up the trips on the plane.  Just last week, they spent a few days wandering through the jungles in Central America and found no signs of life.  There has to be more life out there, I figure if we survived others had to do the same.  I am scheduled to fly with them today.  We were planning on going to Boston.  No one really seems to say anything about the electricity running out, I mean there is nothing we can do about it anyway, except conserve energy of course which Jim keeps telling us to do.  He has placed signs all over the White House to turn off the lights when you leave the room.  I guess that means he's at least finally getting out of that lab.  I havent been down there in a long time and I dont plan on going there anytime soon, maybe after I get this gray out of my hair I'll walk by and see if he winks at me again.   Everyone else is just kind of doing their thing, whatever that is.  Linda works with her four students day and night. The other day one of them actually asked me how I was doing in English so I guess they are making progress.  I didnt tell her I got a one-fifty, maybe next time she asks.  We did have a burial for Jeffrey at Arlington.  It was kind of sad because that means there is one less of us, but at least I wont be getting hit by any more sticks.  The rest of us spent the day digging graves for the President and the First Lady.  Luckily we found a backhoe, because I didnt want to take a chance and injure my bowling arm.  Karen wasn't too happy about hearing that.  Speaking of Karen, she has been stocking up her little clinic. Let me tell you they have all the medical supplies you will ever need in the White House.  I still havent got her to charge money yet, but she seems to be staying busy.  Marissa, on the other hand has been spending way too much of her time with Jason.  They hang around the movie theater and spend time in Jason's Escalade, yep that's right he went to the local Cadillac dealer and picked one up.  Me Im still driving the Town Car and eyeing the limo every day.  I have sat in the back a few times, but no one has offered to drive me anywhere yet.  Tim has become my favorite person as expected. He said he was actually getting low on supplies the other day and we may have to scale back on the Black Forest cakes, something about running low on eggs.  Maybe I'll take him with me to Seven-Eleven one of these days. 
"Strap in everyone."  Craig's voice echoes through the loudspeaker on the Lear.  Flying in this thing is definitely the coolest thing about finding these guys, okay maybe not as cool as the Black Forest cakes, but it's close.  I don't know much about planes, but Craig says this is a Learjet85 and it is capable of doing Mach 0.82 so if nothing else it sure sounds impressive. I'm scared of heights so I'm seated above the wing, so I dont have to see the ground.  Evan and Craig are in the cockpit talking to the control tower, okay not really, but I still like to pretend.  Across from me is Jason.  Yes, I was able to get him away from Marissa today and William is behind him.  Charles wanted to come, but since we are lacking an Air Marshall we told him no.  I feel the engines begin to vibrate and the wheels moving below us. It just feels so much smoother than the massive jumbo jets that still make me wonder how they ever got off the ground.  I grab the plush leather seat rails as we whip down the runway and feel us become airborne.  It is always such an uneasy feeling those first few seconds the wheels are not on the ground, but we continue our ascent with no problems and before I know it were twenty-five thousand feet above the earth.  Maybe now he'll ask me if I want to fly again.  I helped them fuel the plane before we left, so I guess I have earned it.  I watch Jason and William begin playing cards, they ask me if I want to play, but I to decline. I dont want them to see my shaking hands, so I decide to take a walk towards the cockpit and hope they dont see my shaking legs.  Craig is at the controls and Evan appears to be doing the navigation.
"Hey Seth, ready to take over again?" 
I shake my head.  "I think I'll just watch today." 
Craig keeps his head forward. "Okay let me know if you change your mind.  Looks like nice weather today."
I look out the cockpit window from up here everything looks normal down below.  We are too high up to see the lack of human interaction, so for the moment everything feels normal, or as normal as things can feel being in a Learjet with people who I didnt even know existed three months ago and now all live together in the White House. I still cant get over the amount of controls lining the cockpit and Karen thinks I have a lot of TV's, she should take a look up here.  "How did you ever learn all this?" I ask still scanning the instrument panel.
"It's really not that difficult.  I mean most of it is just feeling, and on days like this I can fly just by looking out the windows."
"What about all the dials?"
"There's only a couple of them that are really important or I actually use.  Besides, this thing can fly all by itself if we let it."
I quickly think back to the time I was flying it, maybe it was really flying by itself then.  I better not let Karen know that.
"Probably kind of like that boat you guys have."
"Kind of, minus about a hundred dials."
"You have to take us out on that thing one day."  Evan adds looking up from the paperwork in his lap.
"Definitely," I say realizing I havent set foot on the Jupiter 6 since we came to Washington.
"You ever been to Boston Seth?"  Craig asks.
"A few times."  I think back to the time we vacationed there when Marissa was probably only seven or eight and all she wanted to do was ride on the swan boats.  She thought it was the neatest thing that giant swans were pushing boats.  We didnt have the heart to tell her they were made of fiberglass.  Maybe I should tell Jason that story and he will think different and not want to spend so much time with her.
"We should be touching down at Logan in a few hours."  Craig says
"Sounds good, hopefully, we'll find something."
Evan looks out the right side window.  "That's Atlantic City right there."  He is pointing down at what looks like a group of giant structures.  I want to say maybe we could stop for a show on the way home, but I just stare at the area wondering what would become of it in years to come.  What would become of any of this?  We only have a few months left of electricity and then what?  Will the reactors melt down and kill us all with radiation?  No one knew.  I asked Jim that the other night and he just shook his head, not a good answer from a scientist.  I decided not to tell that to Karen or bring it up at any of the meetings, remember the positive outlook.  I wonder how many years it will take for everything to disappear. In a few hundred or thousand will there still be any trace of humans ever inhabiting the earth?  Maybe someone will fly over here a hundred years from now and there will be nothing out the window except green, no structures, no memories just a blank slate.  It is up to us to save the world and it doesnt dawn on me till right now some thirty thousand feet above the earth to realize that we are wasting time and need to come up with a plan.
"You okay Seth?"  Evan asks.
"Yeah, just thinking about all the money I lost in those machines down there and wondering if we should stop and try and get it back."  They both laugh.
"We shouldnt have a problem with security." Craig adds.
A few hours later we land in Boston and spend the day driving around the city.  We split up into two groups, Jason and William in one car and Evan, Craig and me in another.  We decide to meet back after several hours.  Luckily, Tim packed us lunches, no cake I might add.  We drive through the Boston Commons, I see a few empty swan boats and think of Marissa.  We drive through the streets honking our horn and looking down every overgrown alley and corner hoping to see some form of life and as expected there is nothing.  We even drive past Fenway and the new Boston Garden, not a single person I wonder if the Red Sox nation would think the curse they suffered from for so many years is so bad now.  A few hours later, we meet up with William and Jason who had the same results so we load back up on the Lear and headed home.  I actually fell asleep on the plane.  I think it is the first time I have ever slept on a plane. I guess it didnt hurt that Craig opened up the liquor cabinet. I just hope he didnt participate.
Unbelievably, I wake up on the tarmac at National. Somehow I missed the whole landing, maybe I did have too many drinks, better not tell Karen.  Both William and Jason smile seeing me come too.  I notice they are still playing cards.  I guess I can let Marissa know that her little man has a knack for the cards, so maybe he will be going out with the boys every night and not paying attention to her.   


Chapter 19  


"Seth.  Come quick."  Karen yells sticking her head in the Oval Office. I forgot to lock the door again. 
"What is it now?"  I mutter.
"It's Charles again.  He's fighting Evan."
I quickly jump out of my chair, I have to bring my feet down from the desk first, more exercise. I follow Karen down the hall.  A moment or two later I can hear the shouting. We are outside the "Woodshed" or Evan's workplace, the old White House Situation Room.  Now this is the room I should be in.  On all four walls there are large flat screen televisions fully-equipped with video conferencing. I'm not sure how it works, but I think Jason and William are our in-house tech experts understand all that and can probably get it all working, maybe they should learn electricity.  I quickly enter the room and Charles is on top of Evan, so I run over to them.
"Do something Seth."  I hear Karen yelling.  I really love my wife.  I try and grab Charles by wrapping my arms around him, but he isnt moving.  It feels like I'm holding onto a giant boulder.  I don't think they guy even knows Im here.  He continues to flail away at Evan whose face is continuing to take a beating.  Finally a minute later, with the assistance of two more sets of arms we are able to pull the giant man off.  I look up and see Jason and Tim holding him down.  I immediately take Tim's place on top of Charles. I dont want to risk injury to his hands.  I cant imagine going back to just sandwiches now and even though the ingredients for the Black Forest cake are limited it is still something I cant do without.  Charles is finally beginning to calm down, so we are able to loosen our grip on him, not that he couldnt throw us off any time he wants.  Evan is holding his bruised and bloodied face while Karen begins to assist him with a towel.  I think about asking Evan if he has insurance so Karen can ask for a nice fee, but she shuffles him out of there before I can open my mouth.  We finally let Charles stand up. All three of us just look at him waiting to see what he's going to do.  He looks over at Tim, so I stand between them in case Charles gets any ideas, maybe he doesnt like Black Forest cake.  "What's going on Charles?"  I ask taking a few steps back.
"Can't stand that guy, he's always trying to tell me what to do."  Charles mumbles.  "I don't answer to no one."
I take another step back.  I think Im out of his reach.  "We all need to help out around here Charles.  That's how we do it.  Otherwise, we're not going to make it."
"I want to help out, but I ain't listening to him."
I'm sure he's just trying to do the right thing." I say as calmly as I can.
"What do you know?  You sit in the Oval Office like you the king and he's in here like he's the queen, while the rest of us are stuffed in little offices trying to live."
Im not sure about his reference to Evan as a queen so I dont say anything, but I never thought about acting like a king.  King Seth, I kind of like the sound of that though, maybe he's on to something.  I'll have to ask Karen and Marissa and see how they like it, though Im probably already sure of the answer.  "You can go in the Oval Office any time you want." I say hating every word of it as it comes out of my mouth.  Maybe Karen is right, I do speak without thinking.
"What about upstairs?  I mean who made you king?"
There he goes with that king thing again.  Maybe I should look around for a crown. I look back at Jason.  He's just staring blankly, probably thinking of Marissa.  "We're just up there because my wife and daughter are with me."  I know not a good response, but when you are trying to rationalize with a violent giant you never know what youre going to say and plus I'm doing this all by myself without Karen, so I should be granted some room for mistakes.  I remember Evan said he found Charles wandering the streets of LA on his way to the White House.  He was the last person rescued and had been slightly reluctant to climb into the plane, but Evan had convinced him it would be to his advantage.  Apparently, he has been in and out of prison his whole life and had just been released.  I'm not sure why he didnt come down with the virus.  No one ever asked him and it was a topic we all avoided talking about unless you were with Jim, but that meant you had to venture into that lab and not many of us were that brave.
"You seen where I'm sleeping?"
I shake my head.  In fact I really did not know where anyone was sleeping, because I only went to the few places I mentioned before.  Every once in a while I would stumble upon a bed or a couch that was obviously being used as someone's room, so I just went the other way.  I guess we do have a problem.  Maybe I am a little selfish, because we have by far the best living quarters, but I'm not comfortable having Charles up there with us.
"I'm in an old office sleeping on the floor with some blankets I found."
I wanted to ask him if his sheets had the Presidential seal on them but I figured I better not, so I just nod unsure of what to say.
He continues.  "Youre living up there in luxury, while the rest of us are basically living in a jail cell.  You're friend Evan and his little girlfriend flying man won't let me on his plane live across the street.  Maybe I'll check the hell out of here and go back to where I came from."
He obviously isn't hooked by the Black Forest, so I dont think suggesting to Tim to make an extra cake would help keep him here.  I know we cant afford to lose him with only forty something people left in this world, we need everyone we can keep.  "How about we help you with a place to live?"  I look at Jason who nods.  Maybe he's finally not thinking about my daughter.  I guess I needed to keep him busier.
"Yeah whatever," He utters and walks out the door.  I look at Jason and Tim and then I start to breathe again. Maybe I should ask Tim to use the last of those eggs and make another cake.  I tell Jason to spread the word that we will have another meeting tonight.  Tim suggests we can do it in the dining room again and he would provide the meal.  Guy must really love to cook.  Hope he has time for dessert.  I decide to bowl a few frames in the alley and think about the meeting.  Karen peeks in at me a few times during the day and says Evan is doing okay,  just a little bruised up but he will be fine in a couple of days. Maybe I'll type up a bill for her later, although money really has no meaning anymore.  It seems like everything we are used to no longer means anything.  I mean any one of us can go to any store and get whatever we wanted.  I still havent made it out to the Lamborghini store but I did make it to a Best Buy and picked up a couple of laptops. It didnt feel right though and I figured since we were only a few months away from having no electricity I better take advantage of it.  That is definitely the scariest thing, I mean I remember a few years ago we lost power to our house for maybe twenty-four hours and I had to take Karen and Marissa to a hotel, so I could get access to a TV, now what am I going to do.  I cant imagine a world that goes dark and cold.  Not even a hot shower.

While here we are seated in the massive dining room again.  I took such a long hot shower this afternoon that even Karen told me to hurry up.  I tried to explain to her that I felt dirty. She said something about using more soap. I'm still not really sure what I'm going to say, but I know we need to work some things out.  I look around the table, seated across from me is Evan, he has a few bandages on his face, but he looks pretty good for being beaten by a raving two hundred and fifty pound guy.  He's talking to Craig, probably about their next vacationI mean search for survivors.  I really have taken a liking to Craig, maybe it's because he lets me fly his airplane.  Next to Craig and Evan is Linda with her four students.  I think two speak Chinese and two speak some form of Arabic, but Im not sure and they look like they are able to at least talk amongst themselves.  I'm not sure how much they understand what I say, but as Karen likes to remind me most people dont understand what I have to say either.  We all turn our heads as Charles lumbers into the room. He quickly grabs a seat at the other end of the table by himself.  I watch him glimpse at Evan, probably admiring his work.  I have empty chairs on both sides of me because Marissa and Karen are helping Tim bring the food out, so I'm glad Charles didnt get any ideas about cozying up to me.  Jason and William are the closest to Charles.  I can see Jason eying him out of the corner of his eye, probably making sure he doesnt get hit again.  I'm glad to see he has hit it off with William, apparently they were both freshman college students who were off hiking in two different parts of the country when the virus hit, so they somehow survived.  I need to remind Evan and Craig to start checking out the remote areas of our world, they will probably not like that because they always seem to end up at the major cities and resorts, but hey I cant complain the guy trusts me to fly his plane.  Everyone else is seated, all forty-five of us, it's amazing how small of a group forty-five actually is when youre the only ones left.  We all watch as Karen and Marissa bring the food out.  It is roast beef, potatoes and some kind of green leafy vegetable.  I'll have to check out that freezer again in the kitchen because I didn't see any roast beef in there and there sure aren't any cows walking around the streets.  Once everyone has a plate in front of them, Karen, Marissa and Tim finally sit down.  I look at Charles and wonder now if he sees my family doing all this work, and finally realize maybe we deserve the nice quarters, but his head is down, I guess he's looking at the food.  We spend the next half hour or so eating without much talk.  Finally, it is my turn to talk.  I stand up and began pacing back and forth near the head of the table.  I place my hands behind my back, I wonder if I look presidential?  "All right everyone."  I look around the table at each face, even Charles.  "I think we have some serious problems here."  I decide to go right into the heart of the matter, no playing around.  "It seems some of you are upset with your living arrangements.  I understand it is tough, but we have to make the best of it."  I didnt want to tell them I changed my sleep number last night.  "We can't be fighting each other like we are doing. We need to stick together.  I've got a few proposals."  I look around to make sure I still have everyone's attention. They all seem to be still looking at me.  "I think first and foremost we need to establish some kind of order.  Maybe we can establish a true elected leader, so we can have someone to turn to."  Everyone is still looking at me, so far so good.  
"Of course that would be you right?"  Charles yells out.
I shake my head, "no that would be an elected leader.  We would vote on it."
"Would the leader get the quarters that you have?" Charles yells out again.  I sure hope Tim brings the dessert soon.
I immediately look at Karen who is giving me that look, so I regretfully say, "Yes, I think that sounds fair."  I better start my campaign immediately and change the subject to something more cheerful.  "The next thing is and most of you already are aware of this, but we are going to lose power very soon."  I look at Jim.  "We think it will last a few months, but there is no guarantee.
"I bet your quarters will have power."  Charles bellows.
I decide not to answer and let Jim talk about the electricity thing and plus I see Tim carrying the dessert in.  It doesnt look like Black Forest, but it is definitely some kind of cake.  We listen to Jim explain the electricity situation.  He thinks we would be lucky if we get another two months.  Apparently, he has been researching this and it isn't looking good.  He explains that they should start looking into wind and solar power.  I only hear bits and pieces I am too busy eating my cake.  I want to ask Jim if I can eat his since he is busy talking, but I decide against it seeing Karen watch me.  Jim finally finishes up and I notice he still hasnt eaten his cake, but I know I have to speak again.  I try to give Tim the look asking if there was any more cake, but he isn't paying attention, maybe he is thinking about how he is going to make a Black Forest with the limited ingredients.  I decide to spend the rest of the time talking about something very touchy but also very important, reproducing.  Now I know how a high school biology teacher feels like.  I make sure Jason and Marissa aren't too close to each other as I discuss how we need to reproduce or we will disappear.  Everyone seems to understand what I am getting at.   Afterwards, Evan and Craig speak about their trips and Charles adds a few more choice comments, but other than that I think things are going fairly well.  I'm even getting to eat Jim's untouched piece of cake after everyone leaves, can't ask for anything better than this. 



Chapter 20  


It looks like there are three of us running for the leader role.  It is Craig, Charles and me thanks to Karen's encouragement.  I'm spending the day hanging up campaign signs all over the White House.  I even had Marissa take a picture of me standing in the Rose Garden.  I think the signs are pretty catchy they say, "Vote for Seth, he's the best." Okay I agree it could be better, but I came up with it late last night during my fifth game of bowling.  I think it was when I scored a 178.   I am definitely improving. Maybe we should make this part of the election.  Speaking of the election, it is set for one month from today.  Lawrence, a retired attorney who is graying and in his sixties has agreed to be the election official.  Apparently, Craig and Evan found him living on his yacht near their island during the time of the virus.  I'll have to be sure and butter him up with my boating knowledge.  Karen has really put the pressure on me to win, I think it's because she doesnt want us to move. She thinks I should use my previous experience as the so-called leader role that I have been playing since everyone arrived here.  I'm trying to come up with a better slogan to include that on my sign, maybe like, "Vote for Seth he has experience."  I know youre thinking I'm pretty good with this campaign stuff, maybe I chose the wrong career path before. I'm really hoping Charles doesnt threaten everyone to vote for him, but I guess that is what Lawrence is for to make sure everything goes smoothly. I wonder if he can take a punch.  We all agreed the term would be for two years and then another election would be held. I only wonder whether any of us will be here in two years.  We haven't agreed on an official title yet, but we are leaning towards Director which works for me because it kind of rhymes with my other slogan, "Vote corrector and choose Seth for Director".  The only potential problem I can see is with the Presidential seal blankets we have been sleeping with. They will have to be changed and I'm guessing we are going to need a lot of those once the electricity goes out.  Evan and Craig came home from a trip to New York the other day and said they saw pretty much all darkness underneath them on their evening flight home.  I noticed the same thing the other night after a few rounds of bowling.  I took a walk outside and noticed the darkness creeping in. The only lights emitting from the White House I was afraid to tell Karen, she might make me turn off the reading light earlier.  Jim said the other day he was making some progress with the wind and solar power he is working on.  He has a drawing of the White House lawn full of windmills; maybe I can convince him to have Jason do most of the work.  I'm noticing he and Marissa have been getting closer and closer.  Just the other day, she was editing film clips of Jason, and I wasn't even included.  Maybe I should tell Karen, but she will probably just tell me to stop worrying and concentrate on the election.  Maybe she is right because I am noticing some competition on the walls.  Both Charles and Evan have begun hanging signs, but of course none of them are as catchy as mine. I think I have also have Tim on my side too because he made me a small Black Forest yesterday, said he used a different recipe, but I didn't notice anything.  I wonder if I could get him to help me with the male vote because they say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach.

I decide to take a walk outside today to try and get a fresh perspective on things.  I notice it has begun getting cold lately and I thought we had moved to the south, so much for that.  What a climate down here, unbearably hot in the summer and freezing in the winter, no wonder they dont allow a President to serve more than eight years.  We are definitely going to be in need of heat and air conditioning.  I think if I win, my first act will be to get that windmill farm started.   I zip up my coat and decide to head across the street to the Ellipse, which is actually a big park area that is usually filled in the summer with soccer games, softball and military parades but today it just stands empty the long green grass blowing in the cold wind.  I stop in the middle of the field near the grandstands and look back at the White House. It still looks as powerful as ever. A symbol of democracy in its greatest form, but something is definitely missing now.  I have to turn away.  I keep walking.  With my Blackberry service finally turned off, there is no way anyone can get a hold of me.  I wonder if that will have to change if I get elected Director.  Somehow I end up on the mall, the vast area that sits between the Capital and the Washington Monument.  It has to be one of the most beautiful sites in the world. Where else can you look behind you and see the most glorious building every built, the US Capital, gleaming its white history-filled marble. And in front of you the Washington Monument pointing upwards towards the heavens at all the great Presidents and leaders who have set foot in this country and along the sides the Smithsonian's brick structures full of American treasures.  It is really a great place to come, maybe we should have our next meeting here or I can give my first remarks here. I'll have to check with Karen, my new campaign manager since she makes all my decisions.  I decide to sit down on one of the benches near the merry go round.  I can picture it in my mind, spinning around on a beautiful fall day like this filled with kids and adorning parents. I'm sorry if I sound a little depressed, maybe I should talk to Karen about taking an anti-depressant.  It really is a clear day, not a cloud in the sky. The only thing that ruins everything is seeing the remains of bodies on the ground.  We have definitely not gotten beyond them, but I think we just try not to see them anymore.  I guess it's kind of like seeing what you want to see.  After sitting on the bench for a while, I decide to take a walk into the Natural History Museum. You know the one with the skeletons and fossils, kind of appropriate considering the situation we are currently in.  It's really dark as I step into the spacious museum lobby, but there is enough natural light to see where Im going.  As soon as I enter, it brings back memories of when we came here with Marissa years ago.  I remember being a little bored and pretended to be interested because Karen and Marissa seemed to be enjoying it.  I was really looking forward to heading to the cafeteria and getting one of those foot long hot dogs which we finally did and it was worth the wait.  I figure today, the cafeteria is probably closed, but maybe I can ask Tim to make me one of those super hot dogs when I get back.  I amble through the dinosaur exhibit, strangely feeling a bond between them and me for some reason.  I wonder if they will have an exhibit of human's some thousand years from now, maybe they'll reconstruct us the last forty-five survivors.  I still cant believe they were walking around some sixty million years ago.  Maybe the next life form that takes over the world after us will display us next to them.  I hope they dont put me to close to the T-Rex.  I keep walking in a little more and even though it is getting darker in here as I get away from the windows, I recognize where I am.  It is the section that houses the Hope Diamond.  I can see the glass case up ahead. It has to be the one that encloses the Hope Diamond.  Despite it being dark, it is by far the largest display.  I look around for something strong enough to penetrate the glass and eventually I find a steel scansion in the hallway.  I go back into the Hope Diamond area, and just stare at the glass.  I have the steel pole in my arms and am holding it above my head.  I cant believe I am thinking about doing this.  This is a piece of history, a forty-five carat diamond that is probably worth more than anything I have ever owned combined.  All of a sudden I feel my arms come forward and the pole slams through the glass shattering it into thousands of pieces.  I wait for an alarm to go off until I realize there is no electricity.  I feel a few tingles on my forearms and a little blood, but I ignore the pain, I'll visit Karen's clinic later.  I reach in and grab the beautiful piece.  I can't believe how heavy and smooth it is.  I have never felt like anything like this before.  I cant believe I am holding the Hope Diamond in my hands.  I keep looking behind me expecting someone to tell me to stop, but instead there is nothing but darkness.  I quickly turn around and head for the lit hallway.  I stop for a second in the light and take a long look at the diamond.  I cant believe what I have done.  I have just violated one of the greatest institutes in our society.  I feel like a criminal and I guess in some ways I am, but whose to know any different.  I keep walking holding the diamond with two hands and head outside.  I feel my eyes ache as the bright sun fills up my vision, but the glitter from the diamond is overwhelming.  For some reason I begin to run.  I run all the way across the Mall, not really sure what direction I am headed, my eyes are glued to the stone.  Somehow I end up on Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House, so I slowly enter through the main entrance.  I wish I had found that secret staircase now.  What is Karen going to say?





Chapter 21

Well I cant believe it, today is election day.  It is finally here. It is being held in the dining room at 1:00 right after one of Tim's big meals.  I'm not sure who is going to win. Charles thinks he has it, but I think it's going to come down between Evan and me. I think I have the most signs and of course the best mottos.  I still havent shown anyone my Hope Diamond yet, not even Karen.  I have it hidden in the Oval Office in the bottom of a drawer.  I still look at it every day, surprised that I really have it.  I still feel funny about it, I'm thinking of maybe grabbing the Mona Lisa next time Craig flies to France, okay I'm just kidding.  I think we need to leave some things alone, though I am starting to worry about how long things will last without human maintenance.  Jim has actually started building the wind farm.  They found some equipment in West Virginia and were actually able to truck them back to the White House.  I hope they get it going soon, because it seems to be getting darker and darker.  Last night I heard another transformer blowout and Karen made me turn my reading light off early again.  I dont know what I'll do if I can't bowl anymore.  Ive gotten close to two hundred a few times, although Karen and Marissa dont believe me. They wont stay up late enough to watch.  I'm a little nervous about the election, I wonder if Karen will wear a different outfit to each inaugural ball.  Well it's almost time to head down to lunch, hopefully my last meal not in office, I know it's only forty-five people, but I have never been in charge of anything.  I tried to run for my homeowner's board a few years ago and lost. I guess my slogans weren't as catchy as they are now.  If only they could see me now, one of the final three candidates for the Director of our little country.  I've been trying to come up with a name for our little group.  Marissa suggested Jamestown for obvious reasons and I think it makes sense, plus it sounds good Seth, Director of Jamestown, much better than homeowner's president.  It is time to head down to the dining room.  I slowly make the walk down alone. Karen and Marissa are helping in the kitchen again. Im hoping that might earn me a vote or two.  I quickly enter the dining room. It is already full.  I guess everyone is excited about the election.  I mean lets face it we really havent had anything to be excited about since this all happened.  I tried to ask for a three debates a while back but everyone just looked at me funny, so I let it go.  So now it is just down to who you think will do the best job, though I'm not really sure what the job is. I dont think anyone is.  I take a seat next to Evan and Charles, luckily Evan is in the middle in case Charles decides to take a swing at me.  Maybe Evan figures he has already taken a few shots so he can handle another one.  He is some kind of ex-special forces guy, though the details are sketchy and I'm scared to ask.  No one really looks at me as I sit down, so I guess they're not really that excited and probably more hungry, especially when Tim makes one of these big meals.  He doesnt do it too often anymore, only on special occasions.  I hope its not because we're running out of food. He told me it's because it's just too much work, so most days everyone just fends for themselves.  He usually provides some basic things for us to eat and has them ready around meal times, and of course he still makes me cakes.  Karen said my waist size is starting to show it a little, so maybe I'll have to cut back or began a more rigorous exercise program than bowling.  I wink at Karen as she serves us a pasta dish.  I think it's some kind of chicken, but I can't tell anymore and without any chickens roaming around I kind of doubt it and I'm a little scared to ask Tim for fear of the truth.  It tastes pretty good though and we all devour our meal and then listen to Lawrence give directions on how to fill out the ballot.  He has all three of our names listed and a little circle next to each one that you have to fill in. He seems to be enjoying his role as election official.  I guess it's true about what they say about how gratifying a job can be.  I put that into the back of my mind for a later meeting or if I win maybe we can give each person an official job, but for right now the election is what I'm concerned with.  I watch Karen fill in her circle.  I can't tell who she is voting for, but it better be me.  I try and look around the table and I'm unable to tell.  I wish I had installed cameras in here. Maybe I'll have Jason do that in two years before the next election.  As you can probably tell by now, I'm not a patient guy and I need to know everything right away.  Karen says it drives her crazy, especially around Christmas or my birthday.  Most times she doesnt even bother wrapping the gifts because she knows I cant wait that long.  I look down at my ballot and fill in the circle beside my name. I actually thought about filling in Charles's name and showing him, so he'll be nice in the future, but I decide to try and win.  After, I stand in line, drop my ballot into the cardboard box that Lawrence has on the table and tell everyone that I'll be in my room watching the results on CNN. No one laughs and Karen shakes her head at me, so I quietly leave the room and head upstairs.  I cant believe how nervous I actually am. Now I know how Marissa felt in 8th grade when she ran for class president.  Lawrence says he will have the results in an hour or so.  I think Linda is going to help him, so they can verify the results and then we'll get together again over dinner and the winner will say a few words.  I know it seems a little much for such a small group, but like I said we need something to hold onto here and a leader should be able to restore some kind of order I hope.  I think that's what Charles is running on leadership by fear and it may actually work.  I decide to take a good look at the room we are sleeping in.  I know John Adams was the first President to actually live here. No I'm not smart I just saw something downstairs about that. It's amazing to think of the greatness that has been in here.  I look at the paintings and think that Abraham Lincoln probably looked at the same ones; maybe if I win I can see if someone will paint a picture of me.
"Seth what are you up to?" I watch Karen walk in and sit next to me on the bed.
"Just thinking of all the famous people that have been in here before us.  Hey do you think I can get my portrait up there?"  I watch Karen roll her eyes and give me that look.  Have I told you I hate that look?
"Seth.  You're not running for President and even if you were I dont think anyone would want to paint a picture of you looking like this."  She grabs my waist.  
"I'll start exercising."  I say trying to suck in my gut.
"I'm only teasing.  I think you look great just the way you are."
I give her a tight hug.  I wonder if this is how a sitting President feels on election day waiting for results.  I tell Karen she looks beautiful.  I think we're having a moment.  I cant remember the last time I have told her that.  Everything has just changed so much since before all this happened.   I still wake up most mornings wondering if it is all a dream, but it's not every morning anymore, so it think it is starting to set in.  
"I just want to say I am really proud of you Seth whatever happens."  I feel her squeeze her arms around me.  I am scared to ask her if that means she'll be okay if we give up the quarters to Charles, so I let it go.  I think we stayed up there for a few hours and even read a few books.  Yes, I have even begun reading novels, even mysteries. Remember there is nothing else to do.  I never realized how much I missed watching TV until it was gone and I was one of those guys who claimed he never watched TV except for the finance channels.  All the radio and TV stations are gone now too.  I guess the automated programming can only go so far when there is no power.  Evan and Craig said the other day, just about everywhere is dark now.  We seem to be the only place with power left.  Luckily, Jim and Craig somehow are able to get fuel for our cars and the plane.  I'm not sure how, but the pump at the airport seems to work.  Something about stored energy using batteries to turn the pump on, but all I know is anytime we want to drive anywhere we have to stop at the airport to fuel up. I guess they do the plane the same way, though I dont know how and I dont ask as long as it works.  That's kind of my thing. The other thing I have noticed is that no one really goes out any more.  It seems all those fancy cars and yes the limo, just sit in the parking lot.  I guess it's just too depressing to venture out and easier to just stay here and do nothing or maybe the airport is too far out of the way. Well I hope that will all change real soon especially if I win then at least I'll have a job and if I lose, I guess I will too, packing up our stuff and moving into another room in the White House.  I really hope I win.  Well it's almost 5:00; soon we'll be heading down for another great mystery meat meal, though like I said it tastes great whatever it is.  Karen has already gone down to help, so it's just me watching the second hand go round and round.  Its really quite exciting.  Finally I see the minute hand reach the twelve and I slowly step out of our room half expecting Charles to be standing there with all his belongings, but luckily everything is quiet so I head down the stairs and walk towards the dining room.  Again when I get there, it is already full, the clock in our bedroom must be slow, maybe that explains why the President was always famously late to everything.  The plan is for Lawrence to reveal the results and then have dinner.  I quietly take a seat in the same place as before next to Evan and far enough away from Charles though he looks surprisingly happy today, maybe he knows something I don't, or maybe that's how he looks before he decks somebody.  I scoot my chair back a little.  It looks like everyone is finally seated.  Karen, Marissa and Tim are standing by the door, probably so they can exit quickly when they dont hear my name.  I watch as Lawrence slowly stands up. Yes I know he's older, but I wish he could move a little faster.  He's holding a piece of paper in his hands with the results. I hope he's not a slow reader.  I look over at Karen and she smiles at me, its the fake smilenot good.  Lawrence slowly and I mean slowly unfolds the paper. I hope he's trying to be dramatic and isnt going to take this long to read off the winner.  I feel the anxiety creeping through my body.  I want to get a reassurance from Karen but she still has that fake smile so I look at the meat on my plate and try to figure out where it came from while Lawrence finally begins to speak.
"Everyone, I have come up with the results."  Just say them I want to say but I hold my tongue thinking it wouldnt look very professional and plus I see Karen eyeing me, maybe I prefer the fake smile.  I'm not sure.
"It was a pretty tight race.  I think all three candidates were accounted for fairly well."  I watch as Lawrence looks at the paper in his hands.  I wonder if Karen will still call me an old fuddy-duddy anymore after seeing this guy.  "This is an exciting time for us today as we elect our first Director of Jamestown."  I guess they are going with the name Jamestown, maybe in honor of me because Marissa came up with it or maybe they just like it.  I look over at Marissa and realize she is running one of her cameras.  "So here we go with the results."  I'm half expecting Wolf Blitzer to come running through the door, but instead what I hear is Lawrence going on and on again about the importance of this event.  I look over at Karen again and she is shaking her head.  How does she know me so well, so I keep my mouth shut and wait.  "There were forty-five votes and they break down as follows," Finally, this guy is adding new meaning to the word patience.  "Charles got ten votes, Evan seventeen."  Does that mean Evan won?  I'm not good with math, but I see Karen smiling so I hold my breath. "And Seth with eighteen is our first Director."  I can't believe it, I won and we dont have to worry about moving for two years.  I stand up as Lawrence reaches out to shake my hand as well as Evan.  I'm waiting for the punch in the face from Charles, but he quickly heads for the door parting the crowd as he goes, maybe we can invite him up for a tour of the Director's quarters after we remodel.




Chapter 22

Well it's been a week since I won the landslide election, okay it wasn't really a landslide as Karen keeps reminding me but I did win.  Nothing has really changed though, it still feels the same except we dont have to move out and I can keep my space in the Oval Office.  We all agreed that would be the official office space for the Director. I asked Karen the other day if I should change my name to George Washington, but she said no, so I made a name plate with my name on it instead and placed it on my desk.  It feels good to be in charge of something, though it is probably going to my head at least according to my family.  I haven't really started governing yet. I have just been enjoying my honeymoon.  Even the press has been kind to me. But seriously, Evan has been really supportive and my first act is going to be appointing him as Assistant Director to take my place in case something happens to me.  No one has seen Charles since the night Lawrence read the results so I hope he isn't gearing up some place to come beat me up, maybe I'll have to consider putting together a Secret Service detail.  That brings me to my second act. I am going to give everyone a purpose for being here.  I'm going to hold another one of those meetings with one of Tim's famous meals and lay everything out.  Speaking of Tim, he made me my own Black Forest on election night. He even wrote out "Congratulations Director Seth" in vanilla icing.  I told you he probably voted for me.  Karen and I still wonder who voted for Charles.  I guess the intimidation method was somewhat successful.  Maybe I can add that to my campaign next time.  Back to my big plan, I figure we have forty-five people right now, including the missing Charles. Hopefully we will start to grow soon once my reproducing plan goes into action.  I'll save that for a time when Marissa and Jason aren't around.  Here is what I have so far, two of us will be in the leadership role, Evan and me, and Karen will be in charge of our medical needs with help from Jim.  I think we need to train a few of the younger people in medicine as well, so maybe Linda can work with us in setting  up some kind of school or on the job training where these kids can learn medicine and science and the other critical needs.  I think the most important thing is that everyone should have a role, especially because there are so few of us. Jason and William seem to be taken with Jim and his windmills, so maybe they can be officially assigned to make that happen, as well as our other energy needs.  I know so much for my limo driver, but maybe we'll have someone left over.  I won't mention that at the next meeting though. 
"Hey Seth."  I look up from my desk and see Evan standing before me.  I wonder if I should insist on having everyone call me Director Seth, okay maybe later.  "How's the Directorship going?"  He sits down in one of the three new blue upholstered chairs I have placed in a semi-circle in front of my desk that I found in the storage closet in the basement.  The tag said they were part of Kennedy's office. I look right at Evan. I'm trying to judge his mood.  I'm guessing he looks pretty open minded so I figure I'll go right ahead and ask, "How would you feel being Assistant Director?"  I feel proud, possibly the first appointment to my cabinet.
He smiles.  "I would love to Seth.  I think we'll make a great team."  I contain my smile and go on to explain to him my basic plan of getting everyone an official duty to perform here.  He seems pretty receptive to the idea especially about the part of training the kids in the critical things.
"I'm thinking we should probably have an official document that explains our official rules like a Constitution or something."  I nod my head wishing I had thought of that, I wont mention that to Karen later.  "Craig is a really good writer.  He could probably put it together nicely."
"Kind of like Thomas Jefferson."  I say.  
Evan chuckles.  "Yeah, kind of, and youre kind of like George Washington."  I wish Karen was here to hear that than maybe she wouldnt think my idea of changing my name to George Washington was so crazy.  We spend the next several hours going over each of the forty-three people left, not including us.  We have twelve kids between the age of sixteen and twenty-five including Marissa, Jason and William.  We both decide that Marissa would be the historian and continue documenting everything while Jason and William will stay with Jim and learn as much as they can.  Then we have twenty-five adults between the ages of twenty-six and sixty who we figure can perform the majority of the work like helping in the kitchen, maintenance, teaching and whatever other skills they have acquired in their lives.  The remaining people are all over sixty-five like Lawrence and they can use their skills to assist with procedures and helping out where needed.  We decide our first job is to conduct an inventory of everyone's skills and see what we need and who knows what.  I figure since the stock market is gone, my knowledge and skills probably wont be much help, so I will concentrate on running things and acting Presidential, maybe I'll try on some of those powdered wigs in the basement later. 
"By the way, have you seen any sign of Charles?"
Evan shakes his head.  "No but I noticed his Jag hasnt been here all week."
"You think he went back to LA?"
"Probably, I think he's one of those guys who always thinks he's getting screwed."
I laugh. "I guess being spared by the worst disaster in mankind's history falls into that category."
"I don't think he gets it.  We dont need him anyway."  I want to say we need every hand we can get, but after the beating Evan has taken from Charles I figure I won't say anything.  We finish our first cabinet meeting a little while later and I decide to take a walk outside.  I'll have to let Karen know I'm exercising again.  It is fairly cool outside again and feels like it is going to snow soon.  I wanted to check weather.com on my Blackberry to see what they were going to say, but I figure maybe I should try and guess this time.  I cant believe the amount of windmills they have out here.  It really takes away from the looks of the White House, but I know we need the energy. I lean against a rusting railing. I wonder what the White House maintenance would say about this.  I see Jim running around checking each windmill.  I'm still not sure where the wind is coming from, but they appear to be spinning and he looks happy, not that I can really tell because I don't think he is big on emotions.  He also has rows and rows of solar panels covering the ground, so much for playing soccer out here.  I'll have to let him know.  I dont see Jason out here, so I hope he isnt with Marissa. I'll have to talk to Jim and ask him to keep him busier.  I wave at Jim and he waves back, so I walk over to him.
"What do you think?  Pretty amazing huh?" I nod.  "I'm hooking up the last few inverters and we should be all set."  
"What is an inverter?"  I ask forgetting I'm supposed to try and act smart around him.
"You know it changes the power from the batteries using the buss bar from DC power to AC power."  I dont think he's talking about Washington DC power so I decide to nod again and not ask any more questions about it.  "I think we'll have enough power with all these."  I still cant believe how many towers they have put up. There must be thirty towers running across the front of the lawn.  I can only imagine how many people would be protesting now if the rest of the world was here.
I've also got a bunch of generators over there on the side."  He points towards the side of the White House where the famous West Wing is housed.  "So I think with all three of these sources we should keep running and the generators will kick in on periods when we get days without a lot of wind and sun."  I figure it's not a good time to let him know it looks like we are going to get hit with a snow storm.  I wonder if he misses weather.com too.  I wave goodbye and continue walking down the driveway towards the fence that I jumped over some months ago.  The lawn doesnt look too bad, not a pristine as it did when we first arrived, but we did all right cutting the grass and trying to keep the place up.  I think it's important to not let the place run over with growth.  I think we'll have to get a few people to be in charge of outdoor maintenance.  I'm thinking of having my meeting maybe tomorrow night.  I'll have to check with Tim, who has already agreed to officially be in charge of nutrition, though I let him know we will get him some help.  I'm thinking we should try and have a sit down meal and meeting at least once a week, so we are all on the same page.  I'll ask Karen if she thinks I should get someone to play the herald trumpets before I make my entrance.  I hope she likes the idea.  I think we're doing okay. We have come a long way since we first arrived, but this winter is going to be a test to our survival and our health.  I look back at Jim, he is still frantically hooking up his DC power buss or whatever he was talking about, at least I'll still have my reading light and bowling as long as we have wind.  I blow back towards the windmills hoping they'll spin faster.







Part II  


Chapter 23 


Well it's been almost two years since we moved into the White House now and there have been many changes since then. The biggest being we are up to a population of fifty now. Yes we have had six babies born without incident and we have many more on the way. The good news is none of them are Marissa's. We have been keeping Jason very busy.  On the other hand, we did lose one, Charles.  He hasn't been seen since the night of the election, though I'm expecting him to show up at any time now to jump into this year's election. It doesn't look like it's not going to be as exciting this time around though. Evan has decided not to run and to stick on as Assistant Director instead, so as it stands right now I am going to get another two years before I have to think about becoming a lame duck. I guess some of the intimidation techniques that Charles used must have rubbed off because no one is running against me.  Craig finished our constitution. He did a beautiful job and we all signed it, of course I have the largest signature, much to the dismay of Karen, but I figured we needed a John Hancock. He didnt include term limits, so as far as I know I can continue running.  I still havent changed my name to George Washington, but my hair is definitely getting grayer.  As far as other updates, well the power officially went out and surprisingly we had no nuclear meltdowns as far as we know, so I guess everything is in good shape, though I still worry we will all die of radiation poisoning at some point without knowing about it.  Jim has installed radiation detectors throughout the grounds and he tells me there has been no indication of any increase so I guess we are okay for now, who knows about the rest of the world though.  His wind and solar power has been a success because we really havent had much of a drop off in power in the White House. I can still bowl and keep my reading light on. I think I am actually becoming a mystery novel expert.  I even took notes the other day and tried to convince Karen to play the role of the victim, but she wouldnt let me squirt ketchup on her for blood, maybe I can convince someone else to play the part. Really, the only complaint with the windmills is the constant buzzing and whirring sound. I thought it was something in my ears, but Jim assured me it is part of the windmill and there is nothing we can do about it.  Karen, she has been busy delivering babies and monitoring pregnant ones.  Last I heard, we have five more carrying and a few are even carrying multiples.  She has most of them taking fertility pills which really seems to help.  Reproducing has become a priority for any child bearing women and most of them have been pretty receptive towards it, despite any awkwardness or discomfort. Thank God I'm a man though.  We decided since Karen was over forty and she needs to assist with the pregnancies and delivery she wouldnt have to go through it.  I tried to convince her we can still pretend we are trying anyway.  Marissa, on the other hand, just turned eighteen so her time is coming quick. I'll have to see about getting Jason another job, maybe he can play my mystery novel victims. She has been busy documenting everything.  I was looking at a series of pictures yesterday that she has been taking on Pennsylvania Avenue outside the White House since we moved in. It is very depressing.  You can see the growth on the streets and sidewalks literally taking over the territory.  I think in some cases the roads have become impassable, but we dont go anywhere anyway.  Even the flights have stopped.  It just became too difficult to get fuel for the plane, but we do keep the grounds of the White House as immaculate as we can.  We have two guys now officially responsible for that, Scott and Wilbur. They are two of the guys in the under twenty-five group and it looks like they are doing a great job, but they don't venture outside the fence.  I think the only time any of us ever leave is to try and get supplies at one of the nearby stores.  I do miss my trips to the Seven-Elevens, but most of the food was starting to look pretty bad, so I guess it was time to stop.  As far as food goes, Tim has switched us to a strictly vegetarian diet, no more mystery meat and lots of fresh vegetables, though he still sneaks me a cake every once in a while.  I guess I still have his vote.  As for me, I've been busy just trying to keep everyone working and productive. I think it has made a big difference,  Jim still thinks our chances of making it past five years are slim to none, maybe I should talk to Karen about getting him on an anti-depressant as well.  I think are biggest problems are going to be illness and lack of procreation, but we are making progress.  Lawrence has taken on a new role as a pharmacist. He actually visited many of the local pharmacies around the city and brought all the useful medications to the White House and turned one of the empty rooms into a pharmacy.  I think it was actually Charles's room, so hopefully he wont come back any time soon.  Karen and Jim are the only ones allowed to authorize the drugs to be given out, though anyone could potentially go to one of the local pharmacies if they felt like leaving and get whatever they wanted, but none of us have gotten mixed up in drugs as far as I know, but alcohol has been a little different of a story.  I know I have been guilty a few times, but then Karen lays down the law, so I usually go back to my late-night bowling which still works despite the lower amount of electricity and the lack of neon lights.  As far as Jim, our friendly scientist, he is back to spending time in the lab again.  I think he's still trying to figure out the virus, but no one dares go down there anymore, not even me.  Karen said he has some kind of specialized MD so he has been a big help with her and the babies.  She also has two assistants now who are in training and preparing for the MCAT's, okay not really, one of them is Brenda. She is one of the women who spoke limited English when she first came here but she seems to have picked it up fairly well in the last two years, so well in fact, that Karen keeps reminding me that she speaks better than I do.  Her other assistant is Samuel, he's a twenty-four year who had hopes of being a doctor in his former life, now he's getting his chance.  I think we will be in good hands once they get trained up.  I still can't believe it has been two years since all this went down.  I dont really miss my former life anymore, how can you blame me right? I'm living and working in the most powerful place in the world, or actually now it's the only place in the world.  I do spend most of my time just contemplating life or at least what has become of it.  I often wonder if it is cruel to actually keep bringing new-born babies into this new world, but I guess we have an obligation to try and keep man-kind alive. I just often wonder why, but then I look at Marissa and everything seems okay.  I know maybe it's a bit selfish, but it keeps me going.  I'm not sure what keeps the others going, and I dont know if I want to know, maybe something to think about during my late night bowling game tonight.
"Seth, can you come give me a hand here?"  I quickly snap out of my thoughts hearing Karen's voice.
"I'm busy dear."
"Seth, you've been standing at the bottom of the steps there for the last ten minutes.  How busy can you be?"
I turn my head back around and see Karen standing at the top of the steps.  Have I really been here that long? I don't see any blood on her hands so I begin to slowly walk up the steps.
"I know what you're thinking Seth.  I dont need help with delivering a baby, so you can relax."  I feel my heart began to slow back down to a normal rate.  Did I tell you I am very queasy when it comes to things like that?  I remember closing my eyes so tightly when Marissa was born that I actually strained an eye muscle, at least that's what the doctor told me once he finally stopped giggling. "Okay. I'm on my way."  I quickly step up to the top of the marble staircase, still no official secret staircase.  I finally gave up after Karen got sick and tired of me wandering the halls and pounding on walls.  Maybe I'll start up again if I get tired of the late night bowling.  I look up at Karen. She still looks the same as she did before all of this, no gray hairs or even any wrinkles.  You've already heard of the gray storm overtaking my head.  I'll have to ask her what shampoo she is using, though I suspect it is the office doing this. "So what's up?"
"Nothing, I just need you to help me move something." I nod kind of happy we still do normal husband wife things. I follow her down the hall, glad we still have the best quarters in the House, though in two years that may change.  I'll have to ask Craig to see if we can change the Constitution to four year terms.  We haven't done too much redecorating in the last year, we've been busy.  At least Karen has been, she's been delivering babies and caring for young mothers.  Me, I haven't been that busy but no one has to know about that.  I'm wondering what she wants me to move.  I sure hope she hasn't gotten the decorating bug all of a sudden.  I would ask Jason to come up here and help us but the last thing I want is him this close to Marissa's bedroom, not that he hasnt been up here already I'm sure.  "So what are we moving?"
"You'll see."
"You'll see what?"  I hate when she doesnt tell me everything.  It usually means something big.  Maybe I should tell her I have to bowl tonight and dont want to injure my back.  She's stopping outside the living room area in our quarters.  It's the biggest room up here.  The one we hang around in and watch movies or listen to music before we go to bed.  We even found DVD sets of CSI and House that we watch every night and pretend like it is on real TV.  I know, it sounds kind of dumb, but it still feels good to pretend everything is normal again  
"Are you ready?" Karen asks with that grin on her face I have told you about before.  I immediately touch my back to try and subtly remind her that I dont want to injure myself.
"Oh Seth, dont be a baby."  Did I tell you how much she loves me? "It's only a couple of tables and a couch.  They're not that heavy."  I wanted to say then why cant you just slide them yourself and I'll go down to work in the Oval Office, but I keep my mouth shut and follow her into the room with my head down.  I immediately look up hearing the screams of joy.  Everyone is here and they're all singing or actually yelling "happy birthday".  I have totally forgotten all about my birthday.  How could I forget?  There are streamers and balloons everywhere.  I look over at Karen and begin to laugh. I give her a giant hug, and then Marissa and even Jason reluctantly.  I dont want him to get too comfortable with me and start calling me dad, so I quickly back away.  There are piles of food on tables and music blasting from the stereo.  It is our first party.  I've made it another year.  There are even balloons.  I guess they must have left the White House to get them.  I grab a handful of chips and immediately notice two Black Forest cakes on a long thin oak antique table that I have never seen before.  One of them is noticeably smaller than the other.
"Seth the smaller one is all for you."  I give Tim a big hug and thank him.  
"I thought we didnt have the ingredients?"
"Once Karen told me she was going to do this, I set aside enough stuff to make them with.  They are the real thing."  I stick my finger in the smaller one and grab a big swoop of frosting. Karen immediately shakes her head at me.
I feel so happy.  It feels like we are one big happy family.  Even Jim is talking it up with everyone, and he isn't even wearing his white lab coat.  I guess everyone can have fun after all no matter the circumstances.  There are even wrapped gifts in the corner, which I am slowly gravitating towards, though I think Karen is trying to get between me and them.  She has this thing about opening gifts at the very end of a party so not to make anyone feel uncomfortable.  Me, I see presents and I want to open them right away, people uncomfortable or not.  So instead, I stop at the food table and grab a hot dog, not sure what they are made out of, but they look like hot dogs and after pouring a little ketchup on it, it tastes kind of like a hot dog.  Maybe I should suggest we order out for pizza.  I smile as Karen hands me a cold coke. At least we still have plenty of those around.  I take a big gulp and feel the fizziness tickle my throat, it feels so good.  Just as I go for another one, I hear screams from the other side of the room and loud bangs that sound like fireworks. They are really going all out for my party. I quickly look over and there are four men with masks covering their faces standing in the doorway holding rifles.  It looks like at least two of us of are down on the ground and bleeding. I cant tell who it is, so I quickly grab Karen and throw her down below me behind the food table.  I hope they dont shoot my Black Forest.  I see Marissa lying nearby behind Jason, maybe I'll have to ease up on him.  Shots are still ringing out and each one is followed by a shrilling scream that makes me cringe.  I cant believe this is happening.  How many people have been hit?  Who are these people and why are they doing this to us? I feel like as the leader I should get up and try and reason with them, but nothing is moving.  It's like Im glued to the floor. From under the table I can see people scramble by and there's blood oozing towards us on the floor. I squeeze Karen tighter feeling her tremble below me.  It cant end like this not now, we have gone through too much to have this happen.  I try to move again, but I'm still glued so I give up and try to make my brain function and come up with something to do.  Another shot rings out and above me the wall splinters shattering little pieces of drywall all over us.  I grab Karen tighter.



Chapter 24

I'm still pinned to the floor. I think one of the legs on the table collapsed and some cake fell on the floor near me.  I go to grab a small piece but Karen quickly grabs my hand.  We have to do something soon.  It feels like they are picking us off one by one.  I have seen one of the shooters walk by our table.  For some reason he doesnt look our way.  He squeezes off a shot back the other way followed by another scream.  Somehow the music has stopped; maybe they shot the stereo too. All of a sudden it's very quiet.  I hope there are still some of us left. I'm not sure why but for some reason, I stand up.  I wait to feel the bullet slam into me, but nothing happens.  I look around and dont see the shooters anywhere, instead there are just bodies and blood on the floor and my Black Forest of course, but I try not to think about that, maybe I'll wait till Karen's not looking.  I slowly walk around the table, careful not to step on the cake and run to the first person I see lying on the floor.  It's William and he looks unconscious, but he's still breathing.  "Karen help." I call out.  "William has been hit."  I feel my heart lunge forward as I see the next person down, it's Linda and she looks like she didn't make it. Three of her four students are leaning over her shaking their heads and sobbing.  I watch as Karen creeps from behind the table as well as Jim and a few others who slowly peek out.  I run to the door and shut it, locking the deadbolt, not sure if it will help, but at least it will slow them down for a minute.  It feels like everything is happening in slow motion and nothing is real. There appear to be two more fatalities near the front of the room, Joseph and Sarah, two of the twenty-some things we were counting on to carry us forward.  This is not a good day for us.  I can't believe this has happened.  Karen and Jim are working on William, but by their expressions it doesn't look good.  I want to run out the door and get as far away from all this as I can, but I can't leave everyone now.  I need to be the leader more than ever now.
"There are weapons down in the storage unit near Jim's lab."  Evan calls out crawling from behind a table.  He's holding his arm. I can see blood oozing from beneath it.
"Are you okay?" I ask looking at his arm.
"I just got grazed. I'm fine."  I watch him grab a towel from a nearby table and apply it to his arm.  I'm not sure what I feel like doing more fainting or vomiting. "I'll go down there."
"Do you think it's safe?  They're probably out there waiting for us."  I look at the door.
"Did you get a look at them?"
"No.  I jumped behind the table as soon as I saw what was happening."  I watch Craig get to his feet and glance at Evan's arm.  We all look over at Karen and Jim as they step away from William. He didn't make it.  They began walking around the room.  Karen stops at Evan and examines his arm. I feel like Im watching a movie about someone else. Nothing seems real.
"Is everyone else okay?"  I call out trying not to think that a few moments ago they had been singing happy birthday.  I watch everyone slowly crawl out from what they were hiding behind.  It doesn't look like anyone else is injured, but we've lost four and most importantly the infants are okay.  They had been in the back of the room with their mothers and were left untouched.  One of them actually slept through the whole thing, and Karen says I sleep like a baby.  I'm not sure what we should to do now.  I guess Craig is right we need to get those weapons in case they come back.  I have walked by the closet many times and never even bothered to look in.  I think it was used by the Secret Service.  I look at Evan.  "Let's try and get down there to those weapons."  He nods.  We both explain what we were going to do to everyone and slowly head for the door.  Jason agrees to come with us.  I quickly agree knowing it will keep his hands off of Marissa for a few minutes despite the fact that he saved her from the gun shots.  Evan releases the deadbolt and we slowly step outside the door waiting for the gunshot to blow us away.  I take one last look into the room catching the concerned expression on Karen's face and of course I glance at what is left of the Black Forest.  I hope they dont eat it all while Im gone. We close the door and hear the deadbolt snap as we walk down the hall towards the stairs.  This would really be a good time for a secret staircase.  I'll have to remember to bring that up to Karen next time she yells at me for banging on walls late at night.  We make it to the stairs with still no sight of the shooters.  I still feel like they are just waiting.  None of us speak but we occasionally nod assurances as we continue on in our death march.  Being the two leaders, Evan and I knew we had to do this.  I sure hope they remember this when it comes time for elections.  Jason volunteered; maybe he's trying to get brownie points with me being Marissa's dad.  I'll have to discuss that with him later.  We slowly creep down the stairs not hearing any sounds below.  Maybe they have done their shooting and decided they had enough and went back to where they came from.  It probably isn't true, but the thought allows my feet to keep moving.  I'm in the lead, I'm not sure why, maybe Im just not that smart like Karen always tells me when she's upset with me.  We make it to the main floor, still no sight of the intruders.  I feel my feet slap across the hard marble as we make our way into the long hallway where the stairs leading to the lower level are.  It is a long hallway and we know they can jump out at us at any time.  I suddenly stop when Evan holds up his hand.  Up ahead we hear voices, it sounds like they are coming from within the Oval Office, my Oval Office.  I hope they dont have their feet up on my desk.  We slowly tiptoe down the hall past the Oval Office hoping they wont hear us.  It's only a few more yards to go till the stairs.  I finally take a breath as we make our way down the stairs.  We can still hear the voices behind us.  Luckily, they don't hear us though my heart is beating so loud I'm not sure how they dont.   We somehow make it to the arms room and Evan unlocks the door with his key.  I of course I dont have all the keys, and I thought I was Director. We each grab a rifle.  Evan having done a stint in the Army special forces is familiar with all the weapons and gives us a quick lesson on firing.  Basically he says point and pull the trigger. I figure maybe even I can handle this if I have to.  We each grab a couple more rifles and place them over our shoulders to bring upstairs.  As we walk back up the stairs, Evan takes the lead now while I take up the rear behind Jason. Maybe now I'm using my head as Karen says.  My weapon is pointing almost directly at him, but I dont get any ideas, no way I could ever explain that to Karen and Marissa.  We make it back to the top of the stairs and slowly head back down the hallway.  We can't hear the voices anymore which kind of scare me.  I think they say it's better to know where your enemy is then isnt or something like that so I just follow Evan down the hall.
"Stop and drop the weapons."  A loud voice calls out behind us.  I almost pull the trigger it startles me so much.  I guess if I had shot Jason by accident Karen wouldnt be so mad.  We all stop and slowly turn around seeing two large men aiming their guns at us.  Evan and Jason are aiming back at them so I do the same. They say peer pressure always rules.  It feels like a standoff in one of those old westerns Marissa and I used to watch when she was little, except this is real and I dont look like Clint Eastwood.
"What do you guys want?"  Evan asks.  His voice sounds calmer than I have ever heard him speak before.  There is no response so I add my two cents.  "Can't we just work this out and drop the weapons."  Still no response, maybe they dont speak English.  I look at Evan and Jason they are still focused on the two men. It seems like forever before a third man comes out from behind the other two.  I cant believe it when I recognize who it is.  Charles is back.  If he really wants to win the election, there are easier ways.
"We want this."  He looks around.  "We've been living without electricity or anything for almost two years while you guys live here like you're all that,"
"You chose to leave Charles."  I smartly answer back, though from Evan's expression, maybe it wasn't the best thing to say.
"Yeah because you guys took all the best spots while we've been suffering and we're taking this place back for us.  You guys can leave."  Charles smiles.
"Who are these guys anyway?"  I ask looking at the two muzzles pointed at me.
"These are my boys from LA.  They've been living out there since this whole thing happened.  There's a lot more of us on the way here now to take this place overthis is ours now."  He lifts his weapon.
"We can all live here."  I answer watching him shake his head.  "This isnt the best way to do this."
"Maybe not but it's our way. So either move out of the way or we'll do to you what we did upstairs."  I watch him point the gun at me.  This isnt going well.
"You guys shoot, youre going to die too."  Evan calls out moving his finger around on the trigger.
"Look behind you."  Charles calmly replies.  Since I wasn't really aiming my weapon anyway, I reluctantly turn my head around and behind us are two more men with guns aimed directly at us.  They are two ragged looking men a little smaller than Charles, but they look just as dangerous.  We were doomed.  How could this happen?
"So what do you want us to do?" I ask.
"Get out.  Now," He says.  I want to run out the door, but I look at Evan and he is shaking his head.
"Can we at least get the rest of them upstairs?"
"Yeah, just leave that little daughter of yours here."  I felt like my head is going to explode.  I can see Jason fiddling with his trigger finger out of the corner of my eye.  This is not going well at all, and now they are talking about Marissa.  I have to do something.
"Look. I'm going to set my gun down and go back upstairs.  You want to shoot me go ahead.  Otherwise, I'll see you upstairs when youre ready to talk."  I'm not really sure why that came out of my mouth, but once I said it. I knew I had to do it, so I gently placed my weapon at my feet and turned around waiting for the bullets to start flying into my back.  I begin walking still seeing Evan and Jason aiming their weapons. I slowly walk down the hall past the other two guys who just look at me.  I don't think anyone knows what to do, including me, so I keep walking and head up the stairs.  If I get re-elected my first act will be to definitely restart the Secret Service.  Each step I take I wait for the pain to land in my back, but nothing happens and before I know it I am standing outside the door to the room the party was in.  I finally take a breath, my second one in the last twenty minutes and knock on the door.  Karen quickly opens it and throws her arms around me; maybe this bravery stuff is the way to go.  I explain to everyone what is going on and before I finish there is another knock on the door.  I feel my heart jump again.  Maybe they're back to finish us off, but instead it's Evan and Jason.  I am happy to see them, but I cringe seeing Marissa and Jason hugging.  Karen just shakes her head at me, so I quickly go and lock the door.
"What happened?" I ask Evan.
"After you left, we did the same thing and they just let us go."
"I wonder what that means."
Evan looks at the door and lightly hugs Craig.  I'm still not sure on their relationship, so I just look away like Karen said I should do.  "Charles didnt look happy and he said something about getting even as we were leaving.  I wish we could have brought the weapons with us."
I try not to imagine them coming in and opening fire on us again.  Karen and the rest of them have moved Linda, William and the other two bodies back in the corner.  I can hear the infants crying. Apparently they awoke while we were gone.  
"We need to be ready in case they come back."  Evan is frantically walking around the room.  "We need to find a weapon."  I watch him grab the splintered legs from the shattered table the cake was on.  I notice my presents still havent been touched.  I think Karen is reading my mind because she immediately positions herself between me and them again.  What is it with her and gifts?   We need to come up with a plan.  We can't stay up here forever. I grab a piece of what is left of the cake to try and think of a plan and am about to put it in my mouth when I hear the knob on the door began to turn.




Chapter 25   

We all run to the back of the room and huddle behind the furniture.  The bangs on the door are getting louder and louder.  I know eventually they are going to get it open.  It's a deadbolt, but it isn't going to hold much longer.  I squeeze Karen's hand a little tighter as the door begins to wiggle and starts to come loose.  It's just a matter of time now.  I wonder if they're going to come in blazing.  Evan is standing on the side of the door holding the table legs, but they won't be any match.  We try to get him to hide but he refuses, and Karen thinks I'm stubborn.  I'm knocking on the walls again looking for a hollow getaway or that secret staircase, everyone is looking at me like I'm crazy and Karen is nodding in agreement, so I stop. 
"Seth what are we going to do?"
I look at Karen hoping I'll say something intelligent, but instead I say, "I dunno."  Just then the door crashes open and Charles and three or four other guys burst through the doorway.  They quickly see Evan and Charles points a gun right at him.  I turn my head away hearing the gunshot ring out.  I see Evan go down out of the corner of my eye and Craig immediately run over to him.  For some reason they dont shoot Craig.
"All right, this is your chance.  I'll count to ten.  Either get out or you'll die."  Charles screams firing his weapon into the wall above us.  I slowly stand up waving a white napkin.  "Okay.  We're leaving.  Let's go everyone."  I wave to the rest of the group and they slowly start to rise.  I look back at my gifts and start to head that way, but Karen quickly turns me toward the door.  I really need to talk to her about the priority of gifts. Maybe I can sneak back in here later. We slowly filter out past Charles and his three friends all holding weapons.  They look like a rag tag group of militia with their black bandanas wrapped around their heads and combat tops on their bodies.  I quickly look down at Evan. He is surrounded by a pool of blood. I motion towards Jason to give me a hand.  We slowly pick him up surprised he is still alive.  Apparently he was shot in the same arm again as before, but he isnt talking and his eyes appear to be going into shock.  We drag him out the door and quickly down the stairs not sure where any of us are going.  Craig suggests we head to the Blair House, so we follow him over there and secure the doors as tightly as we can.  Despite the fact that the Blair House is actually four- interconnected town homes consisting of over 70,000 square feet, we only have access to a small portion of it due to electricity, so we will have to make due.  Craig and Evan have actually boarded up many of the doors, to keep the heat consolidated. Jim and Karen immediately tend to Evan who has finally regained consciousness, so maybe he'll be okay, though he looks like he is in a lot of pain.  I think about suggesting we call the police, but I dont say anything, instead I head to the kitchen with Tim and make a sandwich.  Something about a way to a man's heart is through his stomach and it makes sense because I instantly feel a lot better.  Luckily, Jim engineered things so they have some power over here, but it's limited and there's no bowling alley, but it will do for now.
"Are you kidding me Seth.  How can you eat at a time like this?"  Karen asks sitting down next to Tim and me.  I give her the expression about the way to a man's heart, but she doesnt like that, so I fill my mouth with bread instead of words.
"What are we going to do Seth?"  I point at my stuffed mouth and she just shakes her head.
"We need to reason with them.  I mean it's Charles we know him and he knows us."  I say in between bites.  "He says there are more on the way."
"What do you mean?"  Karen looks in disgust at what's left of my sandwich.
"Apparently, he met up with a bunch of guys in L.A. They're coming here to take over."
"What about us?  Look at all we worked for.  We can't let them take it away.  There's nowhere else to go."  I take another large bite causing her to quickly stand up and look out the window at the White House.
"We'll get it back."
"With what Seth, our looks?"  I run my fingers through my hair wishing it werent so gray.
"I never thought of that approach."
"This is not a time to joke around Seth.  Those people have kicked us out of our house."  She sits back down.
I started to say it is the people's house, but take another bite instead.  "We'll have to reason with them and live together."
"Good luck.  Remember they have guns."  I take another bite and try to think of a response.
"How's the food supply here Tim?"
"We have enough stocked here for a few days, but then we're going to need to get back in the house."  I wanted to ask if he thought we had enough for another cake, but Karen doesnt look too happy so I let it go
"So what are we going to do?" Karen asks again, obviously avoiding looking at me eating.
"I'll go over there and talk to Charles."  I feel Karen grab my arm.
"Seth they will shoot you."
"Maybe not," See how reasonable I can be.  "Maybe I could offer them cake."  I look at Tim.  He immediately begins looking through the cluttered pantry.
"It doesn't look like we have any ingredients for anything like that."  He shakes his head.  "I dont want to use anything we might need here if we cant get back over there."  I nod in agreement. 
"Hey guys look out the window."  Jason runs into the kitchen and points at the window.  We all stand up and look outside.  The window faces the front of the White House.  I cant believe it.  There must be fifty people out there heading through the gate into the White House.  Charles is standing out there directing them waving his weapon in the air.
"Who are all those people?"  Karen yells out.  "Look!"  I watch her point towards the other side of the window.  There's two large buses parked there with more people coming out.  "Oh my God!"  I yell out.  "Where did they all come from? How did we miss them?"  I quickly turn away.
"Where are you going Seth?"Karen looks at me quizzically.
"I'm heading out there."
"I'm coming with you."  Jason says coming behind me.  I feel my heart speed up as we head down the steps towards the door.  I wonder if we're going to get shot.  I look back at Jason and think maybe I should let him go first, but I can hear Karen's voice in my head. Have I told you lately how much I love being married? We open the first door.  There are actually three doors for us to go through, something about security when the Heads of State stay here.  We step outside and began walking on the sidewalk. It feels colder for some reason.  I can already hear the mumble of all the voices across the street.  I cant remember hearing this much noise in such a long time.  I look back at Jason, yes I went first.  I'll have to make sure and tell Karen that later if we make it back.  We slow down as we approach the people. I want to make sure Charles doesnt see us, but it looks like we're too late because people are already pointing at us and I can see Charles swinging the rifle in our direction.  "Get down Jason."  I yell as a shot rings out.  I can't tell where they landed but I know he is aiming at us.  We quickly turn around and run hearing gun shots echo behind us.  We get out of view, but we will have to make a dash for it across the sidewalk in firing range if we want to get back.  We slowly make our way to the edge of the sidewalk.  I look at Jason, like any future caring father-in-law would and say "go first, I'm right here."  He looks back at me in disbelief and darts across and enters safely into the Blair House.  Now it's just me.  I count to five and sprint as fast as I can the twenty yards but just as I get about halfway I hear another loud shot, and the next thing I know Im lying on the ground in the middle of the street.  Maybe I should have gone first. Im feeling the intense pain begin to build up.  The next thing I know I'm being dragged towards the entrance of the Blair House and then pulled inside by lots of hands.  "I've been shot. I'm going to die" I call out looking for Karen hoping she'll give me tons of sympathy.  Instead I see her smiling and pointing at my leg along with the others.
"No you haven't Seth.  You just tripped and scraped your knee," So much for sympathy.
"Youre okay."  I feel Jason lifting up my pants leg.  "It's just a little scrape."
"What do you say Seth?" Karen asks looking at me.  I dont answer, thinking for a moment till I finally say the first thing that comes to mind. "It hurts."
"Oh Seth, you will never change."  She shakes her head again.  She seems to be doing that a lot lately. "How about thanks to Jason for risking his life to save you."
I look over at Jason who is still looking at my knee, maybe it is bad. "Thanks."  I say.
"No problem.  I'm glad youre okay."  I wonder if he'll still be saying that if he asks me if it's okay to marry Marissa, but I dont say anything.  I just grimace as Karen cleans my scrape.
"How's everyone doing?"  Craig says entering the kitchen. The stress appears to have left his face, so I take the opportunity to ask the important question.  "How's Evan doing?"
"He's doing much better.  Jim has his arm all bandaged up, but he's going to be fine. So what's going on out there?"  He steps besides Karen and looks out the window.
"They've got all these people coming and they're still shooting at us."  I explain what happened with Jason and me.
"You know we have an arms room down in the basement here too."
"Really?"  I ask seeing Karen's face turn to a frown.
"I mean it's a lot smaller, but there are four or five rifles in there."
"Youre not going to shoot youre way over there Seth.  Dont get any more crazy ideas.  You saw what happened last time." I nod knowing Im not going to go out there again.  Shes right, she's always right.  I'll have to remember to tell Jason that one day, or maybe I shouldn't.  I look at Karen again. Okay, I will give him the advice.
"You know there is a tunnel going over there from here." I look at Craig.  I had forgotten all about the tunnels in the basement of the White House.  I had only explored a few of them because they were so dark, and as Karen will tell you I'm not a big fan of the dark.  Apparently, the lights down there don't work off wind and solar power.  I'll have to talk to Jim about that.
"You're right.  Let's go take a look.  I doubt Charles knows about that."  I follow Craig down the stairs.  I have never been on any of the other levels except for the main one the kitchen was on.  It's a really nice place and well-maintained, maybe Karen wont mind living here for a while. I'm sure Charles is going to take over our quarters. Let's hope he doesn't get any ideas about this place too. We get to the bottom of the stairs and I'm immediately amazed at how similar the dcor is to that of the White House.  I look back at Jason who seems to be taking notice as well, though I think he has seen a lot of our quarters lately.
"Here's the arms closet."  Craig opens a small non-descript door and I immediately see four or five high-powered assault rifles hanging securely in a rack.
"I assume you have a key."
"Of course," He says and fumbles with his key chain for a moment and unlocks the steel rack. I wonder why I never have keys back at the White House.  I'll have to get him to add that to the Director by-laws.  "Right over here is the tunnel."  He points at another non-descript door that looks very similar to the arms closet and opens that with his key.  I cant help myself. "Where did you get all those keys?"
He gives me a strange look, like he's seeing me for the first time.  "You know from the Secret Service office.  "Youre telling me you dont have a set."  I shake my head and look back at Jason who just stares ahead, and he wants to be my future son-in-law.  I can't help but feel a little nervous as we step into the dark tunnel, so I let Jason and Craig go in first.
"How long is it?"
Craig turns on a small flashlight and points it into the wall of darkness. "Not far at all, take us no more than five minutes.  Evan and I used to use it all the time when we first moved in here just for fun."  I was glad to hear I wasn't the only one having fun with my secret staircase search.  I'll have to be sure and tell this to Karen.
"I say we get everyone together and come up with a plan on when to go over and what we're going to do."  I immediately began to inch back towards the doorway.  I hope they cant tell how scared I am.  A few minutes later, though it seems a lot longer than that we're back in the kitchen.  Karen and Tim are still looking out the window.
"So what did you find?" Karen asks rubbing my shoulder.  I wonder if she can feel how tense I am.
"I think we should go over there sometime later and get food and as much stuff as we can."  I answer.  I wanted to ask Tim what he would need for another cake, but I figure now probably wasn't the best time.
"I cant believe how many people are over there.  How did they get those buses here?"
"They drove them."  I quickly reply.
"Not funny Seth.  This isnt a time for your dumb jokes."  She shakes her head again.  Her neck must be getting really tired with all that shaking.  "What I mean is how did they get that much fuel if they came from California?"
"Where have they been living?" Craig asks.  "And on what?"  I had another smart answer but I held my tongue this time.  I think I actually saw Karen smile, but Im not sure.
"It looks like mostly men."  I add thinking about Marissa.  "By the way, where is everyone else?"
"They're scattered around.  Marissa's gathering up things and places for us to sleep."  I wonder if I should ask for the master suite since I am the Director.  "Evan is resting upstairs in the main suite, so we're trying to stay down here."  How does she do it?  She reads every one of my thoughts.
"I really think we need to come up with a plan.  Let's get everyone together in the dining room."  I look at Tim.  "You want to try and get some stuff together?"
"Seth you just ate an enormous sandwich."  
"That was a long time ago."
"I guess it would be good for everyone to eat something."


Chapter 26

About an hour later we are all gathered in the wood paneled Lee Dining Room where many important dinners and meetings have been held in the past when we actually had a real country, but dont that let take anything away from my position as a Director. All of us are in here including babies.  I say a few words about the loss of the lives we suffered.  There are a lot of tears amongst us, even Karen is crying.  It really feels like a member of our family has died.  I dont think I have felt this much grief since this whole thing happened.  Tim has put together a bunch of mashed potatoes and microwave popcorn because apparently they had stocked up on it. It is actually a pretty good combination and we are all digging in.  I don't see a cake, but I am still feeling full.  After an hour of eating and talking, we come up with a plan that four of us will sneak over there tonight once things seem to quiet down and we will gather as much food and anything else we can carry and bring it back.  Jim also has a plan where he can disconnect the power source to the White House and leave them with nothing, so he is going to come with us.  It will be me, Craig, Jim and Jason going over, but hopefully not in that order.  We will each carry a rifle and a luckily a flashlight for that dark tunnel.  I decide to get a few hours of sleep before our adventure.  We have all spread out amongst the different rooms.  I wish we had power to the whole place so we would have enough room.  I guess if we have to stay here long term maybe Jim can arrange that.  Well I dont really sleep at least I didnt feel like I did and Karen is trying to push me up.  Yes, we got stuck on the floor, can you believe that the Director had to sleep on the floor.  It was actually better than sleeping downstairs where the babies are and keep waking up every few hours.  Hopefully, they have headphones on down there.
"Good luck Seth."  She kisses me on the cheek.  I want to ask her what I have to do to get a kiss on the lips, but Jason and Craig are standing over me so I slowly stand up.
"Jim will meet us down there."  Craig says looking at the large antique clock over the couch where I wish I had slept on.
"Okay.  You guys ready?"  I ask sheepishly.
"As ready as we'll beI guess."  Replies Craig.  "We gotta do this."  I nod and follow them across the floor trying not to step on anyone.  We somehow make it down the stairs and outside the tunnel door, still no Jim.  A moment later he appears carrying four rifles and flashlights. I utter a small laugh causing Jason and Craig to eye me curiously. "Nothing," I say, though I cant help but laugh seeing Jim, a gangly scientist who is all brain and no brawn carrying four high-powered assault rifles on his back.  I guess it's not really that funny, so I close my mouth and grab my rifle and try to remember how to turn the safety off and check if a round is chambered.
"They're all ready to go."  Jim chimes in."  I just nod and don't ask.  As Karen says sometimes it's better not to say anything at all.  I wonder if she will be happy to hear I'm starting to follow her advice. I watch Craig unlock the door and step into the darkness.  I politely let everyone go in front of me and turn on my flashlight.  It's not as dark as I thought it would be, but I still can feel the beads of sweat forming on my forehead from my twisted nerves.  I think Im more scared of the dark then what might be on the other side but luckily no one can see me.  We continue stepping across the ancient cement hallway in front of us thin beams of light protruding the darkness like knives.  Finally I see the lights suddenly stop. I can make out a small door ahead.  We have made it across.  Craig shines his light into his face and whispers something I can't hear what he says, but everyone else gives a thumbs-up, so I do the same.  I love it when it's this easy.  Maybe I should have brought Marissa's video camera and I could show Karen later how brave I was.  I watch as Craig opens the door and the light engulfs us.  Suddenly I feel so exposed. Maybe the dark isnt so bad after all.  He steps out into the hallway and quickly waves for us to follow.  Once we step out I recognize we are near the entrance to the President's underground bunker and command center that we have never been able to access.  Even Jim couldnt crack the code.  It's a long white painted hallway with small fluorescent lights lining the ceiling.  For some reason it reminds me of being on a ship. We follow Jim down the hallway.  I point my weapon to the side like the rest of them are doing. This time I dont even laugh at Jim, because it looks like he knows what he is doing compared to me.  Even though we have been living here for over two years it feels like we are in someone else's house, everything looks and feels different.  We dont hear or see anyone, which is good.  I guess it helps being three in the morning.  We plan on splitting up and going to two different locations.  Jim and Jason are going to try and go to the electrical room, so Jim can disable the electricity While Craig and I are going to try and make it to the kitchen, I think we have the more dangerous job, but the bigger reward.  I just hope I can find all the ingredients.  I had Tim write them down and give them to me when Karen wasn't watching.  We're each carrying an empty bag to fill up with food, kind of reminds me of Halloween.  I feel my nerves clench up even more as we part ways with Jim and Jason.  Craig and I are slowly going up the steps, I so wish for that secret staircase right now.  So far so good, everything is still quiet.  I'm actually hoping Charles finally got his chance to sleep in the quarters, so he is far away and sound asleep.  I just hope he's not sleeping in our bed.  We make it to the top of the stairs and I see the hallway leading to the bowling alley and Im tempted to see if Craig wants to get in a few frames but I guess he isnt interested because he keeps walking the other way towards the kitchen.  My feet are beginning to ache walking on my tiptoes, but we havent made a sound thus far at least as far as I can tell.  Suddenly a door opens in front of us and a man and a woman appear at the doorway.  They both seem to be in their thirties or forties.  I immediately place my finger next to the trigger. I just hope the safety is really off.  I watch Craig stop and take aim.  I put my finger to my lips.  I really hope we dont have the shoot them. They step out from the doorway and began walking towards us.  They both look so unkempt.  The man has long dark bushy hair and his face is full of facial hair making him appear almost animal-like.  She has light hair well past her shoulders and would actually be somewhat attractive if she were cleaned up.  I look at Craig he is aiming directly at the man, so I reluctantly do the same leaning towards the woman.  I just hope if I really have to do this, at least let me shoot the man.  I'm trembling so hard though I dont think I'll be able to hit them anyway.  I hope Craig is a good shot.
"Are you security?"  The man mumbles out.
I quickly answer back yes and lower my rifle.  Craig keeps his aimed at them.
"What are you guys doing up so late?"  I casually ask, causing Craig to look even more uncomfortable.  What's with this guy?  I hope he's not one of those trigger happy people.
"We cant sleep."  The woman responds her eyes directly focused on Craig's weapon.
"Can you lower that thing?"  The man asks pointing at the gun.
"Cant take any chances Sir. We take security around here seriously.  You know there are several folks who were kicked out of here this morning."  Im happy Craig is deciding to finally play along.
"Yeah, we heard about that.  Charles said they were trying to keep everyone out but themselves."  Craig finally lowers the weapon some.  I hope this isnt a trick.  "We've been living with nothing for two years and these guys have everything here.  It's about time they gave it up."  The man was clearly getting agitated just talking about it.   "Which bus did you guys come on?"  I quickly look at Craig and answer without even thinking, "The first one.  How about you?"
"We came on the second." We got lucky.  "It was the ride from hell.  No AC, gas smell the whole way.  We still feel sick."
"I hear you. I'm so glad to be here now."
"How did you get to be security?"
"Charles asked us if anyone wanted to volunteer, so we raised our hands right away."  I answer.  I'll have to let Karen know how quick on my feet I'm being. Maybe I'll actually get kissed on the lips, should've brought Marissa's camera.
"He's a great guy isnt he?  Especially how he saved us all and brought us here."  Craig and I both reluctantly nod agreeing with the woman.  "I mean he's been promising us since he came back."
"Where are you guys from?"  I ask trying to keep them talking despite being in a rush to get to the kitchen and back downstairs.
"LA, like everyone.  Aren't you guys from there too?"  Uh oh, maybe I wont tell Karen about this.
"What he means is where in LA are you from?"  Craig quickly adds.
"I thought we were all from the same place.  Isn't that why we all survive?" The woman responds looking more and more confused.  This is not going well.
"I mean are you both originally from LA?" Craig asks.  I feel a relief watching the woman's face began to relax.
"Yeah we're both from LA, born and raised.  You guys?"
"I was actually born overseas and my family ended up in LA."  Craig looks at me.
"How about you?"  The man quietly asks in a very low voice.
"I was born in New Jersey and relocated out there for work."  I figure I better not lie in case they ask any more questions.  "We better get going, this is a big house." I say causing them to smile.
"Nice to meet you guys.  I guess we'll try and get some sleep."  I watch the woman place her arm around the man's waist.
"Don't worry about anything we'll keep a good watch on the place.  Think of us as your Secret service."  I feel Craig's hand on my back lightly nudging me forward. Maybe I should stop while we're ahead.  We slowly began to walk away.  We both wave and watch them go back in their room.  I wipe the moisture from my forehead relieved we didnt get caught.  "That was too close," I whisper to Craig who just nods.  I'm starting to wonder if the guy has any emotions.   A few minutes later we reach the kitchen entrance, I so wish I could see Tim sitting in here making one of his specialties, but instead all we see is a dark room.  I immediately take the right side of the pantry and Craig the left. I feel like a bank robber filling up his bag with money in a bank vault.  It doesnt take us long and we sling the bags over our shoulders.  I think I even found the right ingredients for a Black Forest. I'll have to wake up Tim when we get back to be sure.  Craig starts heading for the door so I follow him and we slowly tiptoe back down the hall.  I'm not sure how much shooting were going to do with these big bags on our shoulders, so I feel a little relieved, but I look over at Craig and somehow he his holding his gun with one hand aimed out in front and the bag with the other, maybe I'll have to ask him about his workout routine. He's obviously not on the bowling fitness plan like I am.  A few moments later we approach the door where the two people were. There's no way we can talk our way out of this now, so we walk extra carefully and fortunately they dont come out and we make it to the stairs.  We are instantly greeted at the bottom by Jim and Jason.  They look relieved to see us.  Jason immediately grabs the bag of food on my shoulder, I hope it's because he's trying to suck up to me not because he thinks I cant handle it. I'll have to check with Karen about that later.  We make it to the tunnel and Craig inserts his key and we step into the safety of darkness.  I'll have to be sure and bring a larger flashlight next time.  We make it to the other side, but something isnt right.  There's something or someone behind us in the tunnel, we can hear the quiet footsteps.  See why I hate the dark.  We all point our little flashlights behind us and don't see anything, but we can still hear the shuffling of feet.  It is definitely a person or a very large rat.
Craig yells out "Stop or we'll shoot," but we still hear the steps and they are getting closer.  Here comes the moisture on my forehead again.  I think I really need a shower after this is over.  The footsteps have stopped.  Whoever it is isn't moving.
"Who's there?"  Craig calls out again.  "Let's go see who it is.  Leave the bags here."  I want to tell him I'll be happy to take both bags inside, but instead I follow them as we turn around and head back towards the White House with no flashlights this time.  Have I told you lately how much I hate the dark?  I cant even see my hands.  We slowly creep back.  I can almost feel someone hiding up ahead, it's like when youre a kid and you're sure there's a monster under your bed.  Craig is leading the way followed by Jason then Jim and me.  All of a sudden a light beam fills the tunnel ahead of me and Craig starts yelling.  I squeeze my rifle tighter in my hands.  I want to close my eyes and run the other way, but I stay and see Craig's flashlight shining on the man and woman we ran into on our way to the kitchen.


Chapter 27    


I stand holding my rifle pointing at them. Again I'm leaning towards the man.  They don't appear to be armed. Apparently they didn't buy our security guard story and decided to follow us.  
"We can't let them go back."  I say.  I really want to get out of this tunnel.
"Let's bring them with us." Craig says pointing his rifle at them. "Let's go." 
"We're not going."  The man replies.
"Wait till Charles finds out what you're doing." The woman adds.
"C'mon let's go."  Craig points his muzzle towards the Blair House entrance. Reluctantly, they both finally start walking with us. They are mumbling something, but Im not listening because I can see the door now.  I arrive at the door first and step into the light followed by our two prisoners.  I cant believe we have actually captured two of them. I wonder what Karen's going to say.  We immediately lead them back up through the living room area where everyone is still sleeping. Even Karen looks asleep, so much for worrying about her husband.  We take them into the kitchen.  I immediately go find Tim and let him know about the food, you know priorities.  He follows me to the kitchen and immediately begins emptying the two large bags.  He seems pleased with what we gathered.  Craig and I sit down with the man and the woman at the small table in the kitchen.
"Security huh?"  The woman asks, her voice sounding very snarly.
"Hey we've been living over there for the last two years until Charles came barging in and murdering people."  I say back looking directly at the woman.  I look behind me and see Karen walk in and sit down next to me.  She lightly brushes my shoulder.  I quickly explain to her what happened.  I'll tell her how brave I was later.
"Yeah, well we've been starving for the last two years."
"Where have you been?  Because we searched for any other survivors for at least the first year we were here.  I know we went to California and L.A. at least a dozen times."  Craig adds lowering his weapon a little.
"You obviously didnt look very hard or you would have found us."  The woman snaps back.
"Didn't you hear the plane?" I ask.
"It's kind of hard to hear anything when youre living underground."  She coughs. "There were over a hundred of us at first, but only about half of us survived."
"What do you mean underground?" I watch them both look at each other, then the woman finally answers.  We were in the Max."
"The what?"
"The Max, you know the underground prison."
"That's that new maximum security prison they built a few years ago.  I remember reading about that.  No chance of escape and is supposedly green even by green standards."  Craig explains looking at me and Karen.
"That's the one.  That's how we all survived." 
"Youre telling me all you guys are prisoners?"
"Not anymore.  At least since Charles set us free."  I cant believe what Im hearing. I look over at Karen and Craig, their eyes full of disbelief.  Luckily Tim isnt paying any attention to what is going on. It looks like he is putting something together.  I can't tell you how much I like that guy.  I see Karen looking at me, so I better stop watching Tim.
"So how does Charles come into all this?" I ask looking back at Karen who seems satisfied I'm not paying attention to Tim anymore.
"He was in there with us, but he got paroled then after he came back from here he brought us food and took care of us.  He promised he was going to take us back here once we were ready."
"How did you get the buses all the way here?" Craig asks.
"They are full of gas tanks.  That's why we had to take two."  We all just nod.  I figure I'll get Jim to take a look at them one day soon.  Maybe there's still a chance for that limo. 
"So what are you going to do with us now?"  She looks right at me.  "You know Charles will not be happy."
"We're going to keep you right here for now.  How about a sandwich?" I ask.
"Seth.  What is with you and food tonight?"  Karen asks.
"We could go for a sandwich, but after that you better let us go back." She says.
"Why were you following us anyway?"  Craig asks.
"We knew you weren't one if us.  You look too clean." She looks at Tim. She's probably getting hungry too.  "Then we saw you with those bags and we knew something wasn't right."
"We were getting ready to go tell Charles when you found us."  I was glad to see the man finally talk, I was beginning to wondermaybe he's just hungry.
"Jason, was Jim able to do what he wanted to?"
Jason paused for a moment then answered, "yeah, he did it, it should be happening anytime now."
"What did you do?" 
I smile as I look at the woman and say, "we cut the power to the White House."  They both shake their heads.
"Are you crazy?"  She asks.
I look at Karen before answering hoping she wont say yes. "No, we're just going to make it very uncomfortable for him over there."
"He's got fifty convicts with him convicted of some of the most heinous crimes and youre playing games with him."  She looks at the doorway.  "Please let us get out of here first.  I didnt come all this way to end up in some bloodbath."
"There's not going to be a bloodbath."  Craig answers back.  We all look at him, especially me. I hope he has some good response. "We have weapons too and more importantly, we have knowledge."  I felt like laughing and saying see I told you so, but I remember Karen is sitting right next to me.
"There are some very desperate people over there and they are not going to care."
"Yeah, but Charles will care and they listen to him," I quickly respond.
"You'll see."  She says.  "What about those sandwiches anyway?"  I look towards Tim who is walking over to us with a plate full of giant sandwiches.  I love this guy.
"So what happened to the prison guards and everybody?"  Craig asks.
"They all died."  She takes a giant bite.
"From the virus?"
"No from us."  The man answers.
"He's right.  Initially we all survived.  Somehow we were all safe from the virus."  She grabs another sandwich. "There were about a hundred prisoners assigned to the jail.  They were still building cell blocks.  I was one of the first of twenty females to be sent there."
"What were you in for?"  She seems pretty intelligent and well-spoken so it can't be that bad."
"Murder one."  She casually says and takes another bite.
"How?"  Craig asks.
"My best friend slept with my man.  I came home and she was there so I shot her."  I dont know what to say so I just look at Karen and dont say anything."
"What about you?" Karen asks the man.
"Armed robbery."  Maybe she is right there is no way we are going to be able to reason with them.  I look at Karen and then Craig and wonder if they're thinking the same thing that I am that we're screwed.  I reach over for my weapon.
"So what are you going to do?"  The woman asks.
"What do you mean?"
"Are you going to let us go back now?"
"I dont think so."  I look at Jason.  "Can you find something to tie them up with?"  I cant believe Im saying stuff like this, it doesnt even sound like me. I wonder what Karen's thinking. I'm scared to even look at her.
"Youre going to die then."  The woman says shaking her head.  What's with woman always shaking their heads at me anyway?
"Hey everyone, good news."  I look up and see Jim walk in the kitchen.  I don't think I have ever heard Jim and good news in the same sentence.  I curiously look at him as he grabs a chair opposite the man and woman.  "I've diverted enough power over here that we can now light up the whole place."
"All of it?"  Craig asks?"
"Yes, the whole thing.  With the White House turned off we have enough power, so we have plenty of room."
"We could all just stay here then." I say.
"Remember Seth they came and took our house away from us and murdered our people."  I hear Karen say and look at me in that way she always does when she wants me to agree with her.
"You're right.  That was our place." I respond quickly noticing her expression go back to normal.  I bet we can finish each other's sentences too.
"Look Charles isnt going to give it up now.  I told you we've been suffering long enough."  The woman takes another bite into a sandwich.  "By the way, if you turn everything off over there he'll just come over here, and take this place from you too."
"Jim can you take a look at that door and see if you can reinforce it, so they cant bust it down." I say
"Also, the tunnel door as well.  Those are the only two real ways in here without going to extreme measures."  Craig adds.
"You'll see."  The woman smirks.  "You'll see."
"I can watch the front door from my room upstairs."  We look up and see Evan enter the kitchen.  He looks pretty good despite the fact his arm is in a bandage.  "We can take shifts and shoot anyone that tries to enter from up there."  He points at Craig's rifle.  "Are these the two prisoners?"  He points at the man and woman who seem to not be paying attention and just eating.
"Yep, I'm thinking we should tie them up somewhere so they dont go back there."
"There's actually a safe room upstairs that we can secure them in that they cant get out.  No windows or anything."  Evan says sitting down and grabbing a sandwich.
"How's the arm Evan?"
"It hurts, but I could have been a lot worse."  He tells Karen.  "So when do we expect they'll try to hit us over here?"
"I'm guessing as soon as Charles realizes there is no power and half of his food is missing."
"So we probably only have a few hours.  We better get the door reinforced and I'll setup a place upstairs to sit with a rifle for when they try and get in.  Can you help me out Jason?"  Craig and Jason quickly disappear.
Jim stands up.  "I'll go work on those doors."
"Sounds good," I say.  "We'll get these guys to the safe room."  I grab one more sandwich for the walk up despite the fact Karen is shaking her head again. 






Chapter 28


It's been a few hours and Jim says he has the doors secure, not sure what he did and I guess I really dont want to know as long as they hold.  I really miss my bowling alley. I hope I dont lose my new spin I've been working on.  We got the man and woman up to the safe room, by the way I found out their names, Lizzie and Curtis.  The room really is secure, not sure why it locks from both the outside and inside and again I guess I really dont want to know as long as it holds them.  I left them with the rest of the sandwiches and a few drinks, I grabbed one more before I shut the door. Karen wasn't happy about that but I think she was impressed with how well I led them up the stairs with my rifle, okay they were probably listening to Craig, but I did have the safety off.  Evan has taken a few of the guys upstairs to start holding shifts on the sniper window as he calls it.  They are going to hold vigilance. There hasnt been any activity over there yet. I guess they're still on west coast time because it's almost 8:00 AM.  I didnt have any breakfast this morning. Im still a little bit full from the sandwiches, but I was glad to see everyone else in there eating and Tim cooking.  I talked to Marissa for a few minutes about what was going on.  I left out the part about Jason rescuing me and I was glad he has the first shift in the window.  I guess I should start being nicer to the guy after all he's done and how much Marissa seems to like him.  Now I'm just walking around the different rooms in this place, so far I have counted fourteen bedrooms and I think I have found the one for Karen and me.  It's on the back side and opposite Evan's suite.  I think Karen will be happy.  It's actually more spacious than our White House bedroom that I'm still thinking about Charles lying in.  We have a connecting bedroom that Marissa can stay in as well and I'm pleased it's far enough away from where Jason will be working.  I know, enough with keeping them apart, but hey I'm a father of an eighteen year old girl, Im supposed to be over-protective.  We spend the rest of the morning just waiting around.  I'm still checking out bedrooms in case I find a better one available, though most of them have been claimed by now.  I'm trying to avoid the ones people are in.  I walk by the safe room and stop and try to listen in, but I cant hear anything, maybe Lizzie and Curtis are on west coast time too.  Karen and Marissa decided to take a nap too. I think Im the only one awake over here except for our sniper.  I decide to go take a look, despite the fact that Karen keeps telling me to lie down for a while.  Maybe now she wont complain so much about my constant bowling.  I walk in the small room. It is a little sitting room off of the room Evan and Craig stay in, still not sure of their sleeping arrangements and I guess I dont care, though I am a little curious.  I try to peek in the master suite, but it is completely dark.  I see Evan seated by the window with a rifle in his lap.  I want to ask him how he's going to be able to shoot someone one handed, but the guy is former Special Forces so I dont bother asking.  Also, I noticed they didnt put me on the sniper list. Maybe it has something to do with me not being able to remove the safety.
"How's it looking out there?" I sit down next to him.
"It's been quiet, almost too quiet.  Jason saw no one either." I wanted to ask him if he knew where Jason went so I could make sure he didnt go into Marissa's room, but I keep quiet.   
"You think they're going to come?"
"I think so," He pauses. I just dont think they are as organized as we think."
"Youre probably right.  It just sounds like they idolize Charles. So much that they'll probably do whatever he says."
"The one thing that concerns me is that they are all ex-prisoners.  How are those two doing you put in the safe room?"
"I think I'm going to go pay them a visit."
"Be careful going in there, so they dont try and overpower you."
"I'll take Craig with me."
"Good idea."  I wonder if Evan knows how uncomfortable I am with a firearm too. It must be really obvious.
"Look over there."  I look where he is pointing.  I can see two what appears to be two men slowly walking towards the White House fence.  We watch as they stop and seem to look in our direction.  It's too far away to tell if it's Charles or not.
"What do you think?"
"I think they're starting to figure out what happened."
"Can they see us?"  I ask.
"I doubt it.  And even if they can, they definitely dont know I have a weapon pointed at the door." I wonder if I should remind him it's on his lap. We watch them stand at the fence and look directly at us.  I wonder what they're thinking.  A moment later, another figure much larger than the other two appears.  We both look at each other, it is definitely Charles and he is carrying a weapon.  He looks at us as well.  They seem to be pointing at something below us.  They quickly turn around and disappear behind the fence.
"I wonder what that was all about."  I'm still looking at the spot where the three figures were standing.
"They're just trying to figure out why they have no power and we do and what they're going to do about it.  I have a feeling they'll be over here soon." I nod in agreement.
"I'm going to go take a walk around."  I dont want to let him now I'm still looking for a better bedroom.  I look back feeling secure knowing Evan is on guard.  I try to peek in at their suite again, but it's still too dark to see anything, so I guess I'll let it go like Karen says.  I walk over to the outside of the safe room. I still can't hear anything inside. Hopefully they havent gotten out.  After a few more minutes, I end up in the kitchen and see Tim still in there preparing a meal.  I sit back down at the table.  Tim immediately places a plate of cookies in front of me.  I dont think I've told you recently how much I love this guy.  They taste freshly baked, but I dont ask because some of the ones I was getting from Seven-Eleven a few years ago tasted fresh too and they were straight from the bag.  I really miss Seven-Eleven as well as McDonald's.  I actually drove through a drive through a year ago and pretended to place an order for a McChicken sandwich, my favorite and a vanilla milkshake. Maybe I should ask Tim if he can cook us McDonalds one night.  There are some things I really miss about the old world as we call it now.  You just dont realize how much is at your fingertips until it is all gone.  I never even got to play Angry Birds on an iPhone, oh well I guess it evens out because I learned how to bowl which is something I would have never done before, especially with those funny shoes.  Maybe I can sneak over one night and get a few frames in. I'll ask Jim if he can restore the power to the bowling alley one night.  The living room is almost long enough over here as well, so there are a few possibilities.  I'll have to bring that up at the next meeting.
"So what do you think of what's going on Tim?"  I watch him place a tray full of vegetables into a large pan of boiling water.
"It's a little scary, but I'm just glad they have a good kitchen.  I do miss mine over there though."
"We'll get you back over there soon."  I say.
"No problem.  I'm happy here though. As long as I can cook I'm happy."  I love this guy.  He is really a hero, nothing bothers him or stops him from what he likes doing.  Of course, I'm glad he likes to make what I like to do best too, consume food.
"Do you ever think about what you would be doing if all this hadn't happened?"  I ask biting into a soft and chewy chocolate chip cookie.
"I used to, but it think I would pretty much be doing the same thing.  I always wanted to start my own restaurant."  
"I would be your best customer."  I watch a big smile form on his face.
"I know you would be. You've been my best customer since we moved in here."  I nod and grab two more cookies, I start to ask him about what his restaurant would have been called, I'm thinking maybe Seth's Place, but I hear the loud knocks on the main door.  They're here. Evan was right, they came right away.  I quickly run upstairs to where Evan is,  this time I don't peek in at the suite, maybe I'll have more time later.
"Who's here?"  I ask not seeing Evan, but instead see Bain, a thirty something year old who was contractor before and now helps out around the House seated on the chair, his head almost on his knees.  I cant believe he has fallen asleep on his post, and to think they didnt want to put me on the roster.  "Hey Bain," I call out.  "Wake up."  I start to touch his shoulder, but quickly pull back seeing a tiny red dot in the middle of his forehead.  I check for a pulse and see if he's breathing and dont feel anything.  "Craig, Evan we got a problem."  I scream out.  A minute later, they both come scrambling out of their suite stretching and yawning.
"What is it?"  Craig asks.
"Bain's dead."  I point at his lifeless body.  Evan quickly grabs the rifle and checks Bain, nodding to Craig who assists him in lifting his body onto the floor.  "Someone's knocking at the door too."  I tell them.
"We've been found out."  Evan says.  I can see the tension in his face.  "Get your guns guys."  Maybe I have a chance to go on the sniper list after all.  We both pick up the two rifles lying on the floor next to the wall.  "We need to find another window quick.  You two go down by the door and shoot anybody that comes in.  I'm going to find another vantage point."  I follow Craig as he scrambles out the door and heads toward the stairs.  Maybe I should warn Tim in case someone gets past us, I'd hate for something to happen to those cookies.  
"Seth, what's going on?"  I look back. Karen is standing at the top of the stairs with a concerned look on her face. At least she doesnt have that one look that says she's upset with me for once.
"They're knocking on the door.  I think they're going to try and come in.  Go hide with Marissa."  I continue down the stairs looking back one more time and see she's still standing there watching us.
"We got a problem here."  I look at Craig.  He's looking out a small window that looks out upon the street.  I cant believe it, there's at least twenty people outside our door and they all appear to be armed.  "Get ready for some action."  I feel my heart begin to race, so I check the safety because I'm not really sure what else to do.  "Let's set up right here."  He points at the top of the small steps leading up from the foyer.  "You stay on that side and I'll stay over here."  I nod and crouch down behind the wall, hoping they dont come barging in.  I aim my rifle at the door and try to look through the sites but its shaking so much it's hard to see anything.  "Relax.  Try to work on your breathing."  I hear Craig say looking over at me. Maybe that's why I'm not on the sniper list.  We cant see too much because the windows are high and there are three doors, but I can hear the rustling outside.  I wonder if they're going to try and shoot their way in or just bust the door down.  I still can't believe Bain is dead.  I didnt know him well, he was a quiet guy and kind of kept to himself, but he was one of us.  That's now five that have been killed in the last twenty-four hours, at this rate we'll all be gone in a few days.  I definitely have a different perspective on how precious life is being one of only a few survivors. Because every life is potentially equal to like ten or twenty more with off-spring according to Jim.  I wonder where Jim is.  I really hope he reinforced this door.  I guess we're about to find out.  The rattling is getting louder now. They are obviously trying to open the outermost door.   I could really go for another cookie, I think about slipping away for a second and heading to the kitchen, but Craig looks so intense, I dont dare move.  I wonder if he was Special Forces too.  He never talks about his past, just that he was rich and inherited the company from his father.  I'll have to ask him if we survive this.  I wonder if Evan has a line of sight on them yet, maybe he's getting ready to shoot them all, then they wouldnt come in and I could get a cookie. I'm beginning to think they were definitely home-made.  I quickly snap back my attention to the door, when I hear the glass shatter.  I think that means they have gotten through the first doortwo more to go.  The noise has become louder, so they must be already working on the second door. I wonder which one he reinforced.  I start to think about the tunnel door and want to take a peek behind me to make sure we're not being sneaked up upon, but Craig doesnt seem too concerned about that, so I keep my head looking forward. Karen would be so proud of my concentration.  I hope she is hiding somewhere nice and safe.  The second door must be tough because it doesn't sound like they are getting any louder.  I cant believe how intense Craig is, I want to go tap him to make sure he is still real. He hasnt moved a muscle since we got here.  He must think Im a wiggle worm, the way I'm jumping around over here.  We continue to wait for the inevitable. At least they are taking their time getting in here, so I guess it is kudos to Jim, though maybe a quick painful death would be more appealing than this long drawn out one, at least I have stopped shaking.  I hope I dont have to go to the bathroom any time soon.



Chapter 29

Well are still waiting here, it's been at least an hour and a half and they still havent gotten through the second door.  Craig even moved a few times, I think he had to scratch his head.  Jason came down a few minutes ago and told us that Evan finally had a sight on them, but he wasn't ready to start shooting. I wanted to ask Jason to ask him if he was waiting for an invitation.  I mean how long should we wait here.  At this point I'm almost hoping they come in soon.  Even Karen and Marissa poked their heads down here to see what is going on.  I told them we had everything under control and they both seemed satisfied, so they went back upstairs.  I'm thinking of asking Tim to bring us a snack here pretty soon.  I doubt Craig will eat his so there's a chance I could get two portions, if this goes on too much longer, I'll have to start calling for him soon.  I suddenly feel my rifle start shaking again as the second door goes down, at least I assume it is the second door because I can now hear voices right outside and there was a loud crash, so much for the snack, or maybe it should be called the last meal.  The pounding is getting louder and louder.  I'm pretty sure they are going to come through any minute now.  I wish I knew what was keeping Evan from firing, maybe I should have volunteered for being up there and he could be down here.
"You ready Seth."  Craig asks not taking his eyes of the door.  "Don't hesitate just pull the trigger."  I nod but then remember he's not looking at me so I tell him yes.
"You have two extra magazines next to you so dont forget to load them as quickly as you can."  I look down at the two long metal magazines full of ammunition at my feet.  I hope it doesnt come to that.  "We're only going to have one shot at this, so let's do it right." I wonder if he intended to use the pun when he said one shot.  I look back through the sights just waiting.  I cant help my mind drifting back to all we have been through here, of course the highlight being, me elected to Director and now it is probably all going to end at least for us.  I wonder if the prisoners will keep the name Jamestown and use our constitution.  They would be dumb to get rid of Jim and Tim and even all the women, despite two of them being Karen and Marissa. Maybe Jason isnt so bad after all.  Here they come. I see the door starting to move. I check the safety one more time, I think it is off, at least I hope it is.  I get ready to squeeze the trigger as the door finally comes down.  It is mass confusion, there are people running around everywhere.  I just keep pulling the trigger.  I'm not sure if I'm hitting anyone or even if I'm shooting.  I can feel the repercussion every few seconds so I guess the safety must really be off.  Everything is so loud.  It sounds like thunder roaring and rolling through my head.  Whatever we're doing it seems to be working because no one has come up the steps yet, though a few have tried.  I'm on my second magazine, so I hope they stop soon.  I just keep firing.  The smell and heat in front of my nose is almost overwhelming, I'm really looking forward to a cookie to put my senses back to normal.  I finish my second magazine and quickly load my third.  I do it so fast I bet even Evan would be proud.  I look at Craig and he is still firing.  I can see the small explosions in front of him followed by the loud booms.  I'm finally loaded and start firing again.  I'm aiming at the crowd of people, there are probably fifteen or so people on the other side of the door, some are down, not sure if they've been shot or are hiding, but I just keep pointing and aiming.  I dont think anyone is shooting back, but Im not sure because everything is happening so fast. I dont feel any pain anywhere except in my shoulder from the rifle, and that's my bowling one too, so I'm not too happy about that.
"Stop firing Sethstop firing."  I keep pulling the trigger.  "Seth stop, they are leaving.  We have done it."  I look ahead and realize I'm shooting at nothing.  I hope this hasnt been going on too long.
"We overpowered them and they gave up.  Look they're going back to the White House."  I stand up. I can see them running back.  There are a few bodies lying on the sidewalk, maybe five or six at most.  I try not to think how many of them I have shot.
"We've got to get this door shored up in case they come back."  I feel his hand pat me on the back.  "Nice job hanging in there."
"Thanks."  I respond still staring at the bodies.  "I'll go get Jim and some of the guys."
"Sounds good, I'm going to go check in with Evan.  We need someone to keep a watch in case they come back right away."  I still can't believe it.  I have survived a real firefight and I used to think the stock market was exciting.  I slowly walk up the second flight of stairs past the kitchen and look in of course.  Tim is not in there, but the cookies are, so I grab a handful and walk down the hall to find the guys.  I stop for a minute seeing the video camera placed at the top of the stairs, Marissa has recorded the whole thing maybe Karen will want to see it later.  She'll be so proud.  I can use it for my re-election campaign.  After a few minutes, I find Jim and two other young men and they listen to me explain what happened and then quickly head down to the front door.  Jim says he can fix it right up.  I don't want to know how they do it, so I decide to head upstairs to find Karen and Marissa, maybe I'll get a hero's welcome.  I pass Marissa and Jason in the hallway.  I immediately push all bad thoughts out of my mind when Jason gives me a high five and tells me I'm the man.  Marissa gives me a hug and tells me how much she loves me, I start to wonder if Jason is jealous, but then I see Karen and she is crying.  I want to tell her that's no way to greet a war hero, but she just gives me a hug and everything feels okay for at least this moment.  She leads me back to our bedroom maybe things are going to get better. I lean over to kiss her, but she quickly places her hand in front of me.
"Seth, I think you need to look in the mirror."  I slowly walk over to the antique mahogany dresser and stare into the mirror.  I don't recognize the man looking back.  
His hair is all matted and there appears to be black soot all over his face and he looks much older than me.  I slowly nod my head up in down to make sure it's really me and the guy in the mirror does the same, so I guess that confirms it.  I look back at Karen, she just points at the shower.  I don't even say anything. I just head right into the bathroom and turn the faucets on.  I'm not really sure how long I have been in here, but it has definitely been a long time because my skin is getting that wrinkly waterlogged look on it you get when you've been in the pool too long, so I better get out.  Just as I'm about to wrap a towel around me I hear loud banging sounds like fireworks.  At first I think someone is shooting off fireworks, but then my mind snaps back into reality, hey remember I'm getting older.  Karen comes rushing in and she doesn't even comment how clean I look.
"Seth theyre back."
"What do you mean?"  I wrap the towel tightly around my waist.
"They're shooting up the front door.  Evan is shooting out the window.  I'm so scared."  I feel her grab my shoulder tightly.
"I've got to get dressed."
"Seth, you need to stay here, you've already done your part."
"What if they break through?"
"I just saw Jim while you were in the shower and he said he thinks the door will stand."  I try to look in the mirror but it is too steamed up to see anything.
"It held so well last time."
"Seth, I'm sure he did a good job."
"I sure hope so.  I grab my shirt and pants and begin putting them on when I suddenly hear screams and what sounds like more gunfire. "It sounds like they're in."
"How can you tell?"
"I just heard Charles call out my name."  I quickly answer.
"I'm coming with you."   We both hear Charles's looming voice calling my name coming from downstairs.  Someone's knocking on our door.  I cant believe it he already found me.  "Seth what do we do?"
"Call 911."  I say.
"Seth this isnt funny."  I look at Karen and see she is really shaking with fear.  Just then the door quickly opens.  I close my eyes and grab Karen as hard as I can.
"It's okay guys it's just me."  I slowly open my eyes and release my grip on Karen when I see it's Craig.  "They got in the door.  There were too many.  We took out at least another five, but they got Franklin and James."
"What do you mean got them?"  I ask.
"They shot them when they came through the door.  He's demanding to talk to you and no one else or he's going to shoot the rest of us.  They're in the kitchen."  I wanted to ask about the cookies, but I look at Karen and she already has that look.
"I'm on my way."  I quickly walk out the door with Karen right behind me.  I want to argue and tell he to stay put, but I can tell already she isnt going to take no for an answer, something I've learned after being married for all these years.  I pause at the top of the steps for a second, my stomach is in knots, I'm not sure if it's from the aroma of the cookies or from the threat of death in front of me, but after a minute I continue down and step into the kitchen.
"Sit down Seth."  Charles points the gun at the chair closest to the door.  I try and look to see if he has the safety off but I cant tell.  Karen and I quickly sit down.  "Get us working again or you'll all die one by one."  He points the barrel directly at my head causing Karen to scream.
"Well it's nice to see you again Charles? I hope things are well."
"Shut up Seth or I'll pull the trigger."
"How about a cookie?"  I push the plate towards him.  I look behind me feeling a tap on my shoulder.  Karen has that look again.
"I'm not playing around this time.  I'll pull the trigger right now."
"Okay, okay."  I say as calmly as I can.  I'm still looking at the cookies, but he doesnt seem to notice.  "What is it you want Charles?"
He shakes his head.  "You know what I want.  I want the power back on and I want it right now."  I notice the other two men standing behind him. I think they are the same guys who were involved during my birthday party massacre.  I suddenly remember I never got to open my gifts.
"Look Charles, you left then you come back two years later and open fire on us at a party killing us and you expect us to treat you kindly."
"I'm running out of patience Seth."  He moves his finger near the trigger.  It looks like the safety is off, though I'm still not sure. "My people deserve this. They've been living with nothing for two years."
"They've been in prison for a lot longer than that."  I respond.  I can almost see his mind wondering how I know this, but he seems to let that go.
"Turn the power back on now or we'll just move in here."  He waves the gun around, at least it's not pointing at me for a moment I think.
"Do you want to trade?  You guys can have this place and we'll move back in there."
"I'm getting tired of this.  You got five minutes to get the power back on."
"It will take us longer than that, and what guarantee will we have that once we turn it on, you won't start firing again."  He looks at his other two guys who just continue to stare straight ahead.
"We just want the White House with power, you can stay here."  He lowers his weapon.
"That's not good enough.  I need a guarantee."  I wonder if Karen is impressed with my negotiating technique.  I look back at her and she is shaking her head, so I guess I know the answer.
"The guarantee is that we dont shoot you."  He snarls back.
"Then I guess we dont have a deal."
He looks at the two guys standing behind him. "Take them all out."  They both nod back and aim at Karen and me.  Maybe Karen is right, Im not a good negotiator.  I figure I better do something quick.  While I'm trying to think of something, Jason and Craig come into the kitchen from the back door and take aim on the two shooters.
"Take them all out."  I say looking at Jason and Craig.
"Fine you want a guarantee.  I'll give you a guarantee, you can have this place. We wont bother you."
"Then give me these two till my guy has the power on."  I shout.
"All right guys lower your weapons."  Jason and Craig quickly grab their guns and sling them on their backs.
"I'll have it back on in thirty minutes and then you can have your guys back."  I want to look at Karen now and see if she is still shaking her head.  I quickly get up from the table. "We're not done yet Charles."  Karen is shaking her head. Okay maybe I'm pushing it too much.
"You're right we're not.  This place will be mine soon, you better watch your back man, especially your wife and that pretty little daughter of yours."  I feel my face turning red, so I keep walking keeping my back to him and quickly run up the stairs.  When I get to the last step, I sit down and take a few breaths, I dont think I have breathed since I went into the kitchen.  I feel Karen's arms around me as she sits down beside me.  "Youre crazy Seth."  She says.   "I hope you know what you're doing?"
"Me too," I say back not sure of what just happened and not sure why I'm still alive.  I dont know what happened, I guess I am crazy.  I have to go find Jim, but as I try to stand up my arms and legs aren't cooperating because they are shaking so much.




Chapter 30


Craig Jim and I are walking across the sidewalk back to the White House. I still can't believe what happened in the kitchen.  Jim is not happy and thinks we shouldnt be turning the power back on.  I try to explain to him I had a gun to my head, but I guess he doesnt understand that so I just walk in silence, kind of like I always do when I'm around him.  Jim is saying we will lose the additional space in the Blair House, so Karen and I will lose our new bedroom unless we want to be cold and dark. I guess Jim does have a point, maybe I shouldn't have agreed to this.  We left the two new prisoners with Lizzie and Curtis in the safe room. They didnt seem to mind the company.  I brought in another tray of sandwiches, so no one can claim we're not following the Geneva Convention.  I grabbed a couple of sandwiches myself, I even offered one to Jim, but he said no, I guess because he's still mad.  We reach the front door, and I start to knock, but Jim quickly grabs my hand and just opens the door, maybe he wouldn't be so cranky if he'd had one of those sandwiches.  I'm waiting for the bullets to begin flying so I'm glad he goes in first, though I have no idea how to turn the power back on if he gets shot.  We walk in and there's no one in sight, I start to suggest we check the bowling alley but Jim storms toward the electric room.  Craig and I wait outside the door as Jim goes to work inside.  I think about asking him if a Black Forest would cheer him up, but Craig gives me a weird look, so I decide to keep my mouth shut.  After about ten minutes of waiting, Jim steps out and the lights come back on.  I hope they remember to turn them off when not in use, maybe I can bring that up to Charles during our next meeting.  There's still no one around, so we go back out the door and head back towards our new home.  My first priority is going to be to find a new bedroom, maybe I can try and convince Craig and Evan to give up theirs since I am the Director, but I better check with Karen first. As soon as we step back inside, I can tell something has happened.  Karen, Marissa and Jason are standing on top of the stairs looking pretty anxious.  My first thought is I hope Tim is okay, remember priorities.  
"What's wrong?"  I ask.
"The power is out."
"All of it?"  I ask looking at Jim.
"Yes, everything," Karen says.
"We need to go back over there."  Jim says.  I nod in agreement and the three of us head back out followed by Jason.  As soon as we approach the White House, I hear voices inside the doorway.  I hold my finger to my lips and whisper for everyone to wait.  Jim looks at me and opens the door anyway, and here I thought scientists were known for their patience.  As soon as he steps in I know were in trouble.  I watch as two large men grab him and push him down on the ground, their rifles pointed at his back.  I'm not sure what to do, so I do nothing and just stand there in shock, so much for thinking on my feet.  Two seconds later Charles and three others come around the corner with their rifles pointed at us and direct us inside.
"What's going on?  We turned the power on for you.  We had a deal."  I say trying not to sound as nervous as I'm feeling. 
"You didn't tell me you have Lizzie."  
"Who's Lizzie?"  I ask, I told you I'm not good on my feet.
"Don't play dumb with me Seth or I'll kill you all right now."  I look back at Jason and Craig they don't have their weapons anymore, so much for the tough talk.  "I have two people who saw them follow you into the tunnel.  That's my girl and I want her back right now."
"You know about the tunnels?"  I ask. He doesn't respond.  "She's in the safe room with your other two guys from the kitchen.  Just let us fix the power and they will all be able to come back."
"The power is fixed."  He says looking at the lights shining above us.
"Not for us it isnt."  Jim yells sounding somewhat muffled still lying face down.
"I don't care about you."  This is going well, I think.
"Can we just fix the power?  It will only take a minute."  Charles doesn't appear to hear me and begins to walk away.  A minute later, we are being escorted down the hallway in the direction of the bowling alley maybe they want me to teach them my bowling expertise.  Were quickly led downstairs, so much for that idea.  They open a door to a small windowless room that I have only been in once or twice.  I think it was Linda's room.  I see the mattress in the corner and I immediately begin to feel my heart sink.  I still can't believe they shot her.  Once they get us all inside they close the door.  I already miss Karen.
"So now what?"  Jason asks.  I immediately realize this is a good way to keep him away from Marissa, maybe I can work out some kind of deal.
"I guess we just wait."  I say.  I know not the best answer, but what else can we really do.
"We need to find a way out."  Jim says.  I want to say there's the door, but I keep my mouth shut.  "None of our people have electricity and who knows what's going on over there."  Again I want to say thanks for pointing that out since my wife and daughter are over there, but I don't say anything, something about Karen always telling me silence is golden rings in my ears.  I watch Craig tug and push on the door and nothing happens.  I begin to tap on the walls. This would sure be a good time to find that secret staircase.
"What are you doing?" He asks.
"Just checking the walls," I say and continue pounding.
"It's actually not a bad idea, we might be able to bust through the sheetrock and get into another room."  Jim says.  Maybe he thinks I'm brilliant again.  We all begin tapping on the walls until Jim says to stop. Apparently he has found the right spot.  "I think my lab is right over here."
"Are you sure it's safe?" I ask debating whether or not I'd rather face Charles and his guys or what's in that lab.
"This isn't where the vials are kept.  We need something hard."  I hope he isn't thinking about my head.  Jason grabs a metal box from a desk and hands it to Jim.  Jim tries to slam into the wall, but it doesn't even leave a mark. I guess they didn't use standard drywall when they constructed the White House.
"Try this."  Craig breaks a leg off of the desk and hands it Jason.  Jason begins slamming it into the wall.  A few moments later we all have legs and have finally penetrated the wall, but I'm sure we are making a lot of noise and it looks like we are just getting into wall space.  I hope Jim knows what he is doing.  I wonder if this is how I have to find my secret staircase.  After about an hour we are all sweating, but we have created a hole large enough to slide through and Jim was right it looks like it leads to the outside part of his lab.  Still no sign of Charles or his guys, maybe they are listening to our CD collection and can't hear anything.  I try not to think of the alternative, that they went to the Blair House.  I watch as Jim slides through with the help of Craig and Jason. A minute or so later his feet disappear and I assume he made it to the other room.  I go next.  I crawl into the hole and with the help of everyone and I land on the other side without too much of a thump.  A few minutes later, we are all standing in Jim's lab.
"We need to get out of here, it's only a matter of time till they come looking for us."  Craig says.
"There's another door over here."  We follow Jim as he walks towards the lab. I hope he doesn't mean we have to go in there.  Luckily, the door is right before the scary part of the lab.  We slowly step out the door and begin walking down the hallway in the opposite direction of Linda's room.  We still don't hear anything, but just as we round the corner we hear someone scream out behind us, we begin to run.  It sounds like panic has set in, we can hear shouts. They have obviously discovered our escape.  We continue to run, Jason is in front leading us to parts of the White House even I have never seen, I hope this isnt where he's been bringing Marissa.  We keep running down stairs, which isnt too reassuring because I thought our goal was to get out.  Finally, we stop outside the room we still havent been able to get into, the President's secure room command center.  I knew we should've spent more time trying to figure out the combination.  I watch as Jim begins pushing numbers on a number lock.  We seem to have lost Charles and his guys at least for now because it is all quiet above us again, unless they went back to the CD's.  After a few minutes Jim finally gives up. I'm kind of glad he couldnt get it, because it makes me a feel a little better that I couldnt crack it either.  We decide we better keep moving.  We find the back staircase, it's not secret but it's different than the one we came down so we slowly begin to climb up, still no sounds.  I feel like yelling boo to scare everyone, but I decide it probably isn't a good time.  We finally get to the top. We're still a floor below the main level so we're not out yet.  We decide to go up the last steps and make a break out the side door by the Old Executive Building, actually Jim decided. I'm still in my nodding head phase.  We get to the top, I can see the door, we all start running then we hear, "stop or you'll die."  I quickly look back to see two dark silhouetted figures aiming rifles at us and two others next to them who look a lot like Liz and Curtis. I don't believe it, somehow they have gotten out.  Now we're going to die.  I look at Jason and Evan and Jim, they look like they are in shock.  We were so close. I can almost touch the door.
"Turn around."  I quickly turn around. At least Karen can't accuse me of not listening.  I watch as the other three do the same.  We really dont have much choice, we have no weapons and they do.  I'm not sure if they are taunting us by having us see how close the door is or they are going to shoot us from behind. I really hope it's the taunting.  I hear what sounds like footsteps getting closer, so at least if they are going to shoot us it will be quick.  I cant help but turn my head and look back. It looks like the two guys are lining up to shoot, so much for the taunting.
"What are they doing?"  Craig whispers causing us all to look behind us and realize this is the end.  Just as it looks like they are about to fire Lizzie falls down onto the two guys landing on their feet.  I cant believe it.  She has either just fainted or she is trying to help us out, we all see what happened and break for the door.  We quickly run outside and hear the gunshots ring out behind us.  I feel something whiz by my head, I'm guessing it's not a bee.  We dash across the parking lot catching glimpses of the shooters behind us and the sound of lead striking objects in front of us.  I feel something begin to hurt in leg again, but I keep running once I realize I've run into a small branch and besides I don't want Jason to have to bail me out again.  It's still a long way to go back to the Blair House and they are catching us, they must have been running in the rec yard in prison and not bowling.



Chapter 31

We somehow make it back to the Blair House without getting shot.  Karen and Marissa and Evan are waiting for us on the steps.  Karen immediately gives me a hug while Marissa goes right to Jason.  I begin to protest, but Karen puts her finger to my lips so I start heading towards the kitchen.  Tim's not in there but the cookies are so I grab a few and place them in my mouth.
"Oh Seth you and youre eating.  I'm amazed you dont weigh four hundred pounds."
"Remember I exercise."
"Oh I can I forget your extensive bowling program."  I feel her squeeze my arms.
"So what happened here?"  I grab another cookie.
"Well the power came back on right after you left."  I wanted to yell and say we just risked out lives for nothing but my mouth was still full.  "Then the four people upstairs somehow got out and left."
"How?"  I ask in between bites.
"I dont know.  No one let them out as far as I know.  They just came running down the steps.  They didnt say anything."  I nod and take another bite.  We both look up as Jim walks in.
"Cookie?"  I ask.  He shakes his head no.  "So what's going on?  How did we get the power back?  I guess I must have really scared them."
"No.  I think when I turned it back on over there it caused a surge which briefly caused an outage over here."  I hope he still thinks Im smart.
"What about those guys getting out of the safe room?"
"I'm perplexed by that.  My only guess is when the power went out it deactivated the system and unlocked the door."   I nod again.  I spend the next few minutes telling Karen what happened and how Lizzie saved our lives.
"So now what?"  Karen asks looking at both Jim and me.
"I think we should just bunker down here.  I'll work on the door again."  I give him a nod again.  I wonder if that will help restore my image to him. I decide to finally give in to Karen and go to sleep for a while.  It's been an eventful day.  We still are able to go to our room since it is still daylight and it's not too cold yet.  I'm not sure how long I have slept, but Karen isnt here and it's dark and cold, but at least I'm still alive.  I slowly get out of bed and walk down the hallway. It is very quiet, almost too quiet.  I hope I'm not the only one here.  The hallway is really cold.  I get to the bottom of the stairs and as soon as I get into the main living room I see everyone is sound asleep, it looks like a big sleepover.  I wonder which one Karen is and why she didnt wake me up.  I immediately start looking for Marissa and hope Jason isnt next to her.  It's much warmer down here, no wonder she left.  I tiptoe into the kitchen, of course I'm hungry.  Unfortunately, it looks like the cookies and sandwiches are gone and Tim isnt in here.  I wonder if I should go wake him up.  I decide to dig through the cupboards and I find a few pieces of bread and some kind of jam.  It doesnt taste like one of Tim's but at least it fills me up.  I quickly mix a glass of powdered milk. Luckily we grabbed those from the White House in those bags.  I step outside the kitchen and go to look at the front door.  I see Jason sitting there with a weapon.
"Hey how's it going?"  I ask.
"It's all quiet so far.  How did you sleep?"  How did he know?  I think.
"Good, a little cold up there though."
"That's what I hear.  Everyone's asleep down here and Evan and Craig are watching from a window in their room."  I thought about asking Jason if he knew their sleeping arrangement, but decided against it when my stomach starts growling again.
"You get any sleep?"  I ask.
"Oh yeah, a good eight hours." 
"What?  How long was I up there?"
"I think since yesterday.  Marissa and Karen kept checking on you.  They were worried."  No wonder I feel so strange.  I slept an entire day.
"You want anything to eat?"  I ask.
"No thanks.  I'm good.  Tim made us a nice meal."  I wanted to yell that they didnt wake me up.  I wonder if I still have his vote.
"How was it?"
"You know Tim he can make a pile of dirt taste good."  I hope that's not what he's been giving us this whole time.  I'll have to ask Karen if I can find her.
"Youre right about that.  Guy's a genius."
"I think they left you a plate.  Check the refrigerator."  I quickly run back into the kitchen and sure enough there's a nice big hearty plate full of food in the back.  I sure hope its not dirt.
"Hi Seth, I cant believe you finally woke up.  I've never seen you sleep like that."  Karen kisses me on the cheek.
"Me neither."
"I see you found the plate we left for you."
"Yep and this is pretty goodis this dirt?"
"What did you say?"
"Nothing, this is really good."
"I know.  Tim really cares about you.  He made and extra plate just for you."  Oh good, so I still have his vote.
"Sorry, I guess I was really tired."
"You can say that again.  We had to keep checking just to make sure you were alive.  I know it must have been cold up there."
"Freezing."
"Well Jim said we should let you be and you will wake up when youre ready."
"I'm ready."  I say eating a big forkful.  "How's Marissa?"
"She's doing good. She was a big help getting everyone settled last night.  We have Ellie getting ready to have her babies any day now, so we put her in the little room off of Craig and Evan's."  I wonder if this is a good time to ask about the sleeping thing with them, probably not.
"Where are all the babies?"
"They're still downstairs.  We're taking shifts watching them.  I think Fritzie's down there with them now."  I like Fritzie, she was one of the women that couldnt speak any English when she first got here and now she's doing really well and has been a big help especially to Karen.
"How's she handling what happened with Linda?"
"She's coping.  I think it helps keeping her busy." She was closest to Linda, but I think we all feel the loss of her and the others as well. I mean William was only twenty-three.  I meant to ask Jason how he was coping as well. I guess he's been so busy he hasnt had time to grief yet.  I think it's going to hit us all really soon once everything calms down, if it ever does.  I still cant believe these guys came and took our house.  It just doesnt feel right, but at least Lizzie turned out to be okay.  I wish I could thank her, maybe I'll talk to Tim about making her some cookies, I know enough about the food, but what else is there really to think about?
"What time is it?"
"It's five AM."
"I still cant believe I slept that long.  I'm glad no one tried to get in here again though."
"Jim spent a lot of time on it.  I think he really reinforced it this time."
"I just hope we can get out."  I say.
"There's always the tunnel."  My mind suddenly snaps to attention.  I remember that Charles made us aware that he knows about the tunnel.
"We need to get down there."
"What's wrong?"
"I just remembered Charles knows about the tunnel.  I hope it's not too late."  I quickly finish the last few bites and run down the stairs towards the tunnel.
"Be quiet Seth remember the babies are sleeping down there."  I just hope they're still down there.  I jump down the steps two at a time, maybe I should get this much sleep every night, I feel like Superman.  I brush past Jason who eyes me curiously.  I get to the floor and tiptoe slowly past Fritzie and the five babies. They all look so comfortable wrapped up in their blankets, no wonder they sleep so well.  Maybe I can ask Karen to wrap me up like that.  I make it into the hallway and shut the door behind me. I dont hear any crying, so I guess I did okay.  I make it to the door leading to the tunnels.  It is closed.
"What are you doing?"  I hear a voice call out.  I'm not sure where it's coming from so I feel my pulse begin to speed up.  I wish Karen were here to rub my shoulders again.  I dont say anything and start to creep back towards the babies.  "Who's there?" I hear again.  I recognize the voice, but it's too late.  It's Jim and he comes storming around the corner with his weapon aimed directly at me.  "What are you doing?"
"I was checking the door.  I remember Charles saying he knew about it."
"It's already taken care of. We reinforced it and I have alarms setup inside to signal us if anyone is coming."  I just nod again and he seems satisfied.  "How was the sleep?"
"Good.  I feel much better."
"Come here I want to show you something." I nod again.  I wonder if he's impressed.
"I just found this while I was watching the door."  I follow him around the corner and see a bunch of sheets rolled up on the floor and what looks like a walkie-talkie.
"What's that?" I ask pointing at the small radio.
"It's a two way that I have set up to detect noise in the tunnel.  We also use them to communicate. Found them yesterday."  I'm still nodding.  I wonder if all this nodding will count as the exercise Karen says I need.  "Take a look at this."  He opens a door that I never even knew was here.  Immediately I feel my stomach lurch, it is full shelves containing hundreds of canned goods and bottled water.
"What is this?"
"I think it's an emergency food locker shelter. You can see behind the food, there's a small little room."  I look beyond the food and there is a small room with a few chairs and a small couch.  It looks like a television set and some other communication equipment.
"Have you shown this to Tim yet?"
"No, I just found it a little while ago.  I didnt want to wake everyone up.  I think they need their sleep."  I wasn't sure if that was a dig at me so I just nod in agreement with him.  I really need to show Karen this nodding thing.  "I think we have enough stuff in here to last us a few months."  I wonder if there's any of that good bread.  I guess I'll check later when Jim isnt here.
"This is great.  I will go let everyone know what you've found.  Do you want to take shifts guarding the tunnel door too?"
"No, I'm fine.  I can sleep and work right down here."  I figure I better nod again.  I think they guy likes to be by himself. He must feel he's too smart for the rest of us. Maybe I should let them in on my nodding secret.  I quickly run upstairs and tell Karen about all the food.  She agrees that we should wake Tim up and let him know.  I'm not sure what I'm more excited about waking Tim up or Karen agreeing with me for once, but we let him know and he goes down immediately to take inventory, hopefully he took my advice on the nodding.  Karen and I decide to make some coffee, she even heats me up another piece of toast, must be my reward for all that exercise.


Chapter 32  


Well it's been several months since we left the White House. Were all still doing well.  We welcomed two more infants into our group and Karen says the next one who is due is expecting triplets, at this rate we will have to find a new place to live.  Speaking of living, we are all still sleeping on the main floor except for the babies and Jim.  I'm not really sure what he does down there, but Tim decided we should bring the food upstairs right away so we all helped him carry it up.  It's been kind of strange eating meat again at least out of the can.  May favorite has been spaghetti with meatballs. It's sure made Tim's job a lot easier lately, though he's been baking a lot of cookies.  I think Karen is right I am starting to get a little heavy.  Well we haven't heard anything from our neighbors since we escaped, so either they've grown tired of us or they all left and since I saw a bunch of them outside the other day I'm guessing they got tired of us.  We dont watch the doors anymore except at night when everyone is asleep we take turns just in case and I guess Jim still has his eye on the tunnel, but like I said no one goes down there anymore.  I still miss my bowling night, but I have been getting a lot more sleep going to bed a lot earlier, I was going to see if some of the guys want to try and build some pins and then we can find a ball.  I just hope my scores dont go back down.  By the way, the election got put off for now, so I guess technically I'm still the Director, but youd never know it because Evan and Craig haven't volunteered to give up their room.  I did take a walk through it and it is very plush.  I see why all the visiting heads of state liked coming here still no determination on their sleeping arrangement and Karen told me to give it up so I did.  The other day we all went outside in a grassy area behind us and had a service for our lost members.  We dont have the bodies, but Lawrence did a good job of giving them a nice service.  I hope he can do the same for this year's election if we ever have it, though Karen said not to worry about it because we have more important things to think about like getting our place back.  Jason's been doing a great job being in charge of the overnight shift.  I'm starting to wonder if the guy ever sleeps.  He organizes the schedule but most nights when I wake for a midnight snack he's right at the door and I'm sure not going to complain about that because then I know Marissa is by herself.  She actually sleeps in the dining room with us. I know the dining room sounds pretty bad, but at least it's the closest room to the kitchen so I'm kind of happy, especially late at night.  Tim has learned to leave something out every night for me.  I think our food supply is almost endless.  There were even baby food jars down there, so our younger members seem happy.  I actually went down there the other day and introduced myself to each one of them, though none of them seemed impressed that I was the Director, all they did was cry.  I took a peek at Jim's area and it is definitely starting to look like a lab again.  I think he is sneaking back into the White House at night and slowly bringing back his stuff because I'm seeing a lot of the same things that were in his lab, but I didn't dare say anything I just nod as usual.  Our two medical students seem to be spending a lot of time down there as well, not with Jim but with the babies. I wonder if they cry when they see them too.  Most of us have remained healthy so there hasnt been too much for them to learn.  I think Karen is giving them a lesson on infant care as well as Fritzie and the mothers, but I never ask because I really don't want to know.  Karen always tells me I only held Marissa a few times when she was an infant because I was so scared I was going to drop her. I didn't want to tell her the real reason was that I was scared I might have to change another diaper.  I always told Karen I couldnt do it as well as she could and that seemed to work in getting me out of most of them, something about playing to one's ego.  Well anyway, I haven't been really that busy. There really isnt much to do around here.  I did walk to a bookstore on 22nd street the other day and brought back a ton of mysteries for Karen and me.  I ever grabbed a book on governing which hopefully I'll be able to do sometime soon.  I saw a Seven-Eleven on the way over that I was tempted to go in, but as soon as I stepped foot in there the smell was overwhelming, I think I will stick to books.  I wonder how long Doritos can stay fresh because Im sure all the expiration dates have long since passed maybe I'll write the company a letter.  On my way back I noticed the White House grounds arent getting maintained, so I'm beginning to wonder what they are doing over there besides trashing the place.  We have started a garden full of vegetables behind our place, thanks to Tim and a few others. I guess with the canned goods he needed another outlet.  I'm not really sure what we are going to do once we do run out of food.  There is a Giant grocery store a few blocks over that we have used so I guess we can start going to the various nearby stores and collecting as many cans as we can. I can write those companies as well to see how long they last.  I know enough with the bad jokes.  I did take a look in one of those buses they came in on and they are full of gas tanks, huge tanks filling at least the back half of the bus. No wonder Lizzie said everyone was feeling sick by the time they arrived, but at least that means someone over there is clever enough to set that up, so maybe there is some hope for them.
"Dad.  Come quick."
"What is it honey?"
"Are you okay? Why are you just standing there like that?"  I look around and realize I am still standing by the kitchen, and probably have been for some time.
"I'm just thinking."  I answer.
"That lady is at the front door?"
"What lady?  The Avon lady?  Tell her were not interested."
"Stop Dad, I'm serious.  The lady from the White Houseyou know the one that was here a while ago."  I quickly begin walking towards the steps.
"You mean Lizzie right?"
"Yeah I think so.  Jason just told me to get you."  I wanted to ask what she was doing with Jason, but I didnt say anything.  I'll have to let Karen know later.  I make it to the front door and see Jason talking through the window to someone outside.
"Is it Lizzie?" I ask.
"Yeah, she says she needs our help."  I try and yell out the window but I cant hear her response.
"Just let her in?"
"Are you sure?" He asks looking at me strangely.
I nod.  "I think we can trust her, she saved our lives."  I watch Jason unlock five or six locks and then finally open the door.  Lizzie is standing there looking very uneasy.
"What's wrong?"
"Can I come in?"  I nod and she walks past me towards the kitchen.  She must be hungry.  I follow her and we sit down at the table.  I immediately grab a plate of cookies.  They're not homemade, they are from a bag, but they still seem to taste okay, but as Karen will tell you I dont think I have ever had a bad cookie.  I take a big bite and begin to chew.
"So what's going on?  And thanks for what you did."  She nods.
"We've got a problem.  We have had at least five of us die within the last twenty-four hours and many more of us are sick.  I think it's the virus again."
"What?" I say spitting out what's left of my cookie.  I look at Marissa who looks as though she's seen a ghost.
"Marissa, can you go get Jim downstairs?"  She nods and quickly gets up from the table.
I cant believe this.  I'm starting to feel sick to my stomach just hearing this.  I actually dont feel like another cookie.
"They're just falling down, just like before.  I dont know what to do."
"You did the right thing coming over here.  Does anyone know you're here?"  She shakes her head no.
"Are we all going to die?"
"I sure hope not. Jim should be able to help us out.  How are you feeling?"
"I'm okay, but it comes so quick you never know.  I watched one guy fall right over walking down the hall."  I shake my head and watch as Jim quickly pulls up a chair.  I fill him in on what she said.
"I need to get you downstairs right away to make sure you aren't contaminated.  If you are, it may be too late for us too.  You shouldnt have let her in here."  He looks at me sternly.  I just roll my eyes. At least I didnt nod for once. I wonder if he notices the change.  I watch them go downstairs. I hope they stay away from the infants.  I run upstairs and let Karen know what's going on.  She immediately looks nervous.  An hour or so later Jim returns to the kitchen where Karen and I am sitting eating cookies, at least I am.  I am finally in the mood for them again. I guess the initial shock of the news has finally worn off.
"So what's the word?" I ask. Jim sits down across from us and doesnt grab a cookie which pleases me because I dont know if he's washed his hands.
"As far as I can tell she is clean.  She doesnt have the virus at least yet.  I was able to run a bunch of tests."
"How is she?"  Karen asks.
"She's resting.  I actually put her under so I could do some invasive testing."  He shakes his head.  "I think we were lucky.  Dont let anyone else in here no matter what."  He looks directly at me causing Karen to look at me too.  I mean I like being the center of attention, but not like this so I immediately look down.  "We need to guard all the doors.  I'll get Evan and Craig to help out."  I notice he doesnt include me.  I start to say something, but Karen gives me that look.  I guess he doesnt want anything to happen to the Director I tell myself.  I grab a few more cookies and take a walk downstairs. I walk past the babies and they seem to be all crying.  I wonder if they do that for everyone who comes down here or is it just me.  I wave to Fritzie and head back towards Jim's area.  I immediately see Lizzie lying on top of a large table under some sheets.  She looks a little groggy.
"How are you feeling?"
"I'm okay.  Jim told me I don't have the virus so I guess that's good.  What about everyone else?  We cant just let them all die?"  I shake my head.
"There's not really too much we can do.  If we go over there we'll all get it too."
"But there are some good people over there that will die."
"A lot of good people have already died because of those guys over there."  I quickly answer.  I went on to describe Linda, William, Bain and everyone else we lost due to the shootings.  That seems to satisfy her for now, at least she doesnt say anything else, although she probably is just too groggy.
"SethSeth, we got a problem."  Karen yells running in the room.  I hope she doesn't need me to change a diaper.
"What's wrong?"  I ask trying to look as squeamish as I can just in case.
"Why do you have that look on your face?"  I shrug my shoulders. "They're all outside the door saying they need our help."
"Dont let them in."  I yell back looking at Lizzie who frowns.
"They're all not bad people, just made some bad decisions."
"We cant take any chances."
"Seth you need to do something, they're pounding on the door demanding we help them.  I'm scared they're going to break through it."  I look back at Lizzie and quickly walk out the door.  I arrive at the steps and Jason, Evan and Craig all standing there as well as about ten or so others watching the crowd pound on the door.  I think their whole group is out there. There are at least forty people, though I dont see Charles.  Im not sure what they think we're supposed to do, so I start waving at them but Karen quickly tells me to stop.
We stand there watching them for a while. They dont seem to be able to get through the door, so I guess Jim has made it tough enough.  They seem to be getting angrier and angrier as time goes by, so we leave them and go get some lunch.  Luckily, Tim has already prepared me a can of spaghetti and meatballs so I'm happy, Karen just rolls her eyes.  I'm feeling kid of generous so I bring a can down to Lizzie who happily accepts it.  I hope she doesnt like it too much and try to eat the rest of the cans.
"Seth, come back up here."  I hear Karen saying.  I let Lizzie rest a little more.  I wonder what Jim gave her.  I also wonder what happened to him.  I haven't seen him since this morning.  I follow Karen back upstairs and she leads me to the steps again.  "Seth they're dying out there."  I look outside and there are at least a half dozen people lying on the ground not moving, I'm assuming they are not alive.
"At this rate we wont have to worry about them in a few hours."  I say.  
"Seth, stop.  How can you make fun when people are dying like that?  We need to do something.  We need everybody to survive."
"I have something I can try."  We look back and Jim is standing behind us.  "I have a mixture I can inject in them to see if it stops the virus.  I put some in Lizzie down there just in case.  I got it from Jeffrey when he crashed the lab a few years ago.  I dont have that much though and there's no guarantee it will work."
"Shouldn't we save that for us?" I ask.
"We dont even know if it works.  This could be a good test."
"But you'll get sick if you go out there." I say shaking my head.
"Seth the chances are already pretty high we will get it too, if it's right out there." He points towards the door.  
"I thought you said it died off."
"That's the thing with viruses they can always modify themselves into a new forms, so it may be completely different."  I stare out at the crowd and feel my insides begin to panic.
"What if they got it from your lab?"
"Anything's possible."





Chapter 33

Well a few more hours have passed and they are literally dropping like flies, Karen still doesnt think that's funny when I say that though.   Lizzie actually came up a little while ago and we had to physically restrain her from opening the door, luckily she was still a little drowsy or she may have been successful.  Jim just went outside to try out his magic syringe, we sent him through the tunnel.  Hopefully he'll be able to save at least some of them.  I keep telling Karen to check my temperature, she finally told me if I ask her again she will check it in a way I won't like, so I decide I will stop asking.  I really hope we dont get it, but like Jim said it's probably only a matter of time. I just hope we can at least have the election before we all die off so I can go out as the official Director, but I guess I'll wait and see what happens.  I can see Jim amongst the people outside.  He looks like a movie star being mobbed by paparazzi. They are all gathering around him, I guess begging for a shot.  I wonder how many shots he has because it looks there's still at least twenty-five or so out there, still no sign of Charles.  Lizzie said he likes to hang out up in the quarters, my quarters, I add.  I really do miss our White House.  I look out the window every day trying to imagine myself with my feet up on the desk getting ready to bowl a few frames or take one of my walks looking for new things.  At least if I ever get back there, I have a new way to find a secret staircase. I just hope Karen doesnt get mad at me for tearing up the walls.  I decide to take a walk upstairs, I start thinking about checking for a secret staircase over here with my new method but I see Marissa sitting on top of the steps so I figure I better wait.
"Hi Honey. How are you doing?"  I place my arm around her shoulders.
"I'm scared Dad.  What if it comes in here?"
I have to think of something quick and smart so I say, "I dont know."
"We've been through so much Dad, I dont want to die."
"We already survived it once, so I think we have a good chance of doing it again. We were spared for something special."  I think that is a better response, but she starts crying so I say, "I dont know," again and hug her tightly.  "Are you still filming things?"
She cries again, I'm not doing well here, I'm glad Karen isnt here to see my performance. 
 "No it's too depressing lately with all that has happened."  I nod.
"Jim thinks he may have a way to save everyone.  He has an injection he's trying out right now on all those people from the White House."
"Do you think it will work?"
"I do and he seems to think so too."  I wanted to say the guy may be smart but he's as crazy as a loon and we have no chance but I'm trying to keep her from crying, so I nod again.
"Thanks Dad."  I wipe the tears from below her eyes.  "Jason says you have been so brave especially for an old guy."  An old guy I think, ready to tell her never to talk to that kid again, but instead I tell her Jason is doing a great job too.  Karen would be so proud.  Speaking of old, that reminds me I never got my presents, maybe I should ask Jim to go get them since he's already out.  After a few more minutes Marissa decides to go lay down and I take a walk to the kitchen and luckily Tim is working his magic with the can opener, so I grab a can of spaghetti and meatballs and a few more cookies. They're not in the bag, I'm hoping they are homemade but I dont ask Tim.
"Where did everyone go?"  I'm looking out the window and there is no one outside our door anymore, not even Jim.
"They all left a little while ago, looked like they were heading back towards the White House."  I watch him open a few more cans.  I sit down at the table and begin eating my spaghetti when Jim enters into the kitchen.  He looks even more disheveled than he usually does. It must be tough being so smart.
"How'd it go?"  I take another big bite.
"I injected everyone I could.  Apparently Charles is holed up in the White House and refuses to come out."  I wipe my mouth with my sleeve, something Karen always yells at me about.  "They say he isnt doing so well."
"I guess that's good news."  Apparently, he doesnt think so because he immediately frowns, maybe I should have just nodded instead of spoke.  I know he likes that.
"It's not good because that means there's someone else out there who may have the virus and hasnt had the injection, so it can still be spreading."  I nod and he seems to like that better.  I need to get access to him.  I tried to walk over there with them, but they said if I go up there he'll kill me, so I didn't go any further."
"How are the rest of them doing?"  
"We'll have to wait and see.  I had them all go back and get some rest.  We should know something in a few hours."
"I think Lizzie can probably get you up there, apparently they have some kind of relationship."
"That's an idea.  Let's go talk to her." I take one last bite and throw the can into the trash bin and follow Jim downstairs.  I hope the babies are sleeping so they dont cry when they see me.  We quietly make our way back to Jim's area without any major problems, so maybe they're starting to warm up to me.  We see Lizzie sleeping on the floor curled up. I really hope she is still alive. Luckily she rolls over when we approach her.
"What's up guys?  Are they still out there?"  I listen to Jim explain how he gave injections to as many as were still alive and how they are all resting, but wont let him go see Charles.  "So you want me to bring you up there?"  Jim and I both nod.  I guess he's starting to copy me.  Isn't copying the greatest form of flattery or something like that? 
"You feeling okay?"
"I'm fine.  Let's go."  I watch her slowly stand to her feet.  She looks a little tipsy, but she quickly steadies herself.  We both follow Jim towards the tunnel door that he quickly opens.  I really dont want to go back in here, but I guess its better than the front door where all of those that didnt make are still lying.  I slowly step into the darkness, Jim and Lizzie appear to have no fear and all we have is Jim's little flashlight, at least they cant see the fear on my face.  Finally we make it back to the White House. It seems kind of strange going back to the same place we just escaped from with Lizzie's help.  As soon as we step out into the hallway, I cant believe how quiet it is. I'm guessing or hoping that everyone who is left is either resting like Jim told them to or lying on the sidewalk outside the Blair House. I know that doesn't sound very nice, but I dont want to get captured again, especially with all those cans of spaghetti still left.  We quickly climb up the steps and end up at the bottom of the stairs going up to my old private quarters. I wonder if Lizzie knows I used to live up there and I am the Director.  I think about showing her my Oval Office, but they begin climbing the stairs so I follow them.  It feels like I'm going back home.  I try an imagine Karen and Marissa upstairs and I'm coming back up after a long night in the bowling alley, still no sign of anyone.  I tug on my mask and gloves Jim gave us beforehand.  I sure hope they are enough. We get to the top and Lizzie opens the door allowing Jim and I to slip by, obviously she has been up here before, but probably not as many times as I have I think to myself.  I'm still thinking I should tell her this used to be mine until she whispers for us to be quiet.  We just stand there outside the room that was shot up, I can almost see where my gifts used to be, but I force myself not to look in there out of respect for our lost ones.  I dont see their bodies, so maybe Charles did the right thing and gave them a proper burial, but I doubt it.  Finally she starts walking down the hallway towards our old rooms.  We pass Marissa's old room, the door is closed, I start to open it, but Lizzie grabs my hand and pulls me away.
"Dont go in there." She whispers.
"Why?" 
"Because I said so."  I look at Jim.  He is just looking straight ahead.
"What's going on?"  I ask.
"Not now.  Charles is in the big room."  You mean my room I say to myself.  "I'll knock.  You guys wait out here for a minute."  We watch her slowly enter and close the door behind her, so much for manners.  I look at Jim and he is still staring ahead so I do the same.  Finally a few minutes later, the door opens and Lizzie steps out closing the door behind her again, maybe I should say something about the manners thing, but she motions for us to lean in close to her.
"He's not doing well, but I've convinced him to get the shot."  She looks towards Jim.  "He wants to talk to you alone."  She looks towards me.  I suddenly feel my heart lunge. Maybe I need a shot too.  I nod back.
"Can you give him the shot first?"  I ask Jim.  He nods.  I think this nod thing is really catching.  I watch him pull out a syringe.  I wonder if he's going to squirt it up into the air too like they used to do on TV.  Lizzie quickly leads Jim into the room, leaving me alone in the hall.  I'm tempted to start searching for my presents, but I remain in place thinking what Karen would say if she were here. A moment later the door opens and Jim and Lizzie come out.
"How'd it go?"  I ask.
"I gave him the injection, but I think it's too late.  He's in rough shape.  You better hurry and get in there."  I look at Lizzie and she points at the door, so I slowly grab it with my hand and turn the knob.  It feels weird going back into my room and as soon as I step in I instantly feel it isnt my room anymore.  The place is trashed.  There is garbage everywhere. It looks like junk food wrappers. I'll have to ask him where he got them. The curtains are all shattered and torn, the furniture is moved and garbage is lying on top of dressers.  I cant believe the lack of respect of the history in hereno wonder Lizzie didnt want me to see the other rooms up here.  Even the rug is full of stains.  I cant believe it.  What could he possibly be doing up here? I look at the king sized bed, the sheets are all bundled up and I cant even see the Presidential seal anymore.  I'm glad I didnt install a mirror on the ceiling.  Charles is lying on his back.  His face is puffy and lacking its normal color. He doesnt look very well.  I sure hope Jim gave him that shot because I feel like I'm walking into a contaminated area unprotected.   I kick some old worn clothes off an antique chair that Karen found down stairs and liked so much we moved it up here. I think it was used by Woodrow Wilson.  I'm glad Karen cant see this place as well as Woodrow Wilson. I can only imagine what they would say.  I know Karen would tell me to clean it up.  Charles slowly turns his head towards me.  I want to say you're not so tough now, but I actually feel sorry for him.  He looks so pathetic.  I decide to smile at him.  He doesnt smile back, no surprise there.  
"How you doing Charles?"  I ask.
"What do you think?  I'm not well."  He quietly rasps.
"You know what they say.  You get what's coming to you."
"Whatever. You can gloat all you want.  Dont worry you'll be next."  He turns his head and looks back at the ceiling.  Maybe I should've put that mirror in than he could see how bad he looks.
"So tell me, what did you do with the people you killed the night of the party?"
"They're outside."  I decide that's better than just leaving them in the room.
"So why did you do it?  Why did you come back here and do this?"  I have so many questions I'm not really sure where to start.
"Because this is mine, not you people who think you're so much better than everyone, especially you and that wife and little girl of yours.  I should have taken care of them when I had the chance."  I immediately stand up and walk over to the bed standing right over him. He looks like he has lost a lot of weight.  He is so frail and weak. I want to throw my fist into his face and watch him suffer in pain.  I know I would feel so much better.
"Go ahead put me out of my misery."  He says like he's reading my mind.  I raise my hand and cock my fist. I feel the tension creep into my system.  I have been waiting so long for this and it feels so right. I lower my hand.  I cant do it, not sure if I am taking the high road or I'm just worried about my bowling hand but I turn around and begin to walk away.  Just as I'm about to turn the knob on the door I hear him softly say, "There are more out there where we came from."  
"What?"  I ask and quickly walk back towards him.  He doesnt answer.  "What do you mean there's more out there?  Where?"  Still no answer.  "That isn't funny Charles."  I keep calling out his name but he's still ignoring me.  "Tell me what you mean." I start yelling out his name but he's not responding to me, maybe Karen is right when she says I can be annoying and she ignores me. I hear Jim and Lizzie enter the room and walk past me.
"He's gone Seth."  I see Jim placing his hand on Charles chest.  I immediately run out the door and go down the steps and run outside onto the White House lawn which by the way needs a good mowing.  I'll have to remember to tell Jason.  I can't believe it, Charles is telling me there are more people alive out there, at least that's what I think he meant.  This could change everything.  I wonder if he's talking about the prison.  I wish I could have talked to him some more.  I walk all the way to the White House fence and look across at the Washington Monument.  It is still such a beautiful sight. I just hope one day it isnt gone.  I'm not sure how long I have been standing here, but my legs feel tired and I can hear Karen calling my name.
"Seth. Are you okay?  I've been worried about you.  Jim and Lizzie came back hours ago and said you just left.  What are you doing out here?"
"I had to get away."
"I heard about Charles.  I cant believe it affected you that much."
"It didn't.  It's what he said before he died."  I keep looking at the Monument, the top slowly fading into the dark gray sky.
"What did he say?"  I decide to leave out the part about how he wished he had taken care of Marissa and Karen when he had the chance.  
"He said there are more out there where he came from."
"What's that mean?" I watch as Karen turns her head towards me.
"I'm not really sure, but I think he means there's more people left out in California."
"Really? How?"
"That's what I'm trying to figure out.  Maybe we're not really alone.  I think we need to head out there."
"On what Seth?  The plane is grounded and we have no gas."
"What about someone driving me in the limo?" I mumble.
"What did you say?"
"Nothing."  I decide it's not a good time to press my luck.  "We can have Jim look at those buses."
"From what I have heard, they sound dreadful."
"I agree but we need to go check."  I feel her place her arm behind my back.
"Let's go inside.  I think Tim is getting dinner ready." Remember the way to a man's heart


Chapter 34


Well I finally made it back inside the Blair House at least to the kitchen where Tim is playing Chef Boyardee again.  I'm enjoying one with sausage and meatballs.  Karen is just looking at me like she always does with that same look.  I wonder if I should tell her I didnt even look for the presents.  I watch Jim, Lizzie, Evan and Craig sit down beside us.  I sigh to myself, glad they didnt take a can with the sausages because there are only a few left.  Hopefully, Tim is saving them for me. I still havent told anyone except for Karen what Charles told me so I decide enough with the suspense and let them know.  Lizzie immediately perks up.
"He must be talking about the housing project." Lizzie says.
"What housing project?"
"There was a project they were testing out next to the prison where people were living underground.  It was like little apartments.  I think Charles was living there when he got paroled."
"Were they for prisoners?"  Evan asks.
"I think they were mostly used for a place for them to live after they're released, but the place was huge so they're must have been other people in there.  She looks around the room.  "I think he mentioned going back there sometime to bring more back."
"So you knew there might be more people?" I ask finishing up my first can.
"I never really thought about it till now."
"We need to get out there."
"Sorry guys but the plane is down." Craig says.
"We can use the buses Lizzie that you guys used." I look at Lizzie.
"I'm not sure you want to go on those.  We all got sick from the fumes."
"You can make them work right Jim?"
"I can try, but a fuel source is going to be a problem and it's a risky operation."
"If there are people out there we need to get to them."  I say.
"I agree.  I wonder how we missed them."  Evan says. I watch him take a large bite of spaghetti.
"They were underground." Lizzie adds.
"This could mean there are others we missed elsewhere as well." Evan states.
"I would consider that a low probability at this point.  The chances of survival would be very small.  Are you sure he meant there are still people alive out there?"
I nod.  "That's what he said and now Lizzie is talking about this underground area, so it may be true."  I wonder if Karen is noticing my optimism, if this keeps up maybe she wont talk about anti-depressants anymore.  We all turn our heads when a small man of about forty walks into the kitchen.  I have never seen him before, but Lizzie immediately jumps up and gives him a hug.
"How are you?"  I watch him shake his head and look towards me.  I hope he's not looking at my sausages. I may have to warn Tim.  I look at Karen and she's shaking her head again so I cover the label with my hand.
"I'm doing better, but it looks like most of us didnt make it.  You know about Charles right?"  We all nod our heads.  "I think there are only five of us left including you and me."  He looks at Lizzie.  She hugs him tighter. Maybe I should tell Karen some bad news so she will hug me like that.  I'll have to think of something later.
"More reason for us to go out there."  I say.  I watch Jim nod.  I sure hope Karen saw that.
"I need to go back over there and see how they're doing."  Lizzie gets up from the table and leaves with the small man who was getting all those nice hugs.  I try to calculate in my head if there are only five of them left that means we are back to about fifty-five total people that we know about who are left in this world.  We really need to try and find out if there are more survivors.   We decide to get a good night's sleep and make a decision in the morning what we are going to do.  I grab a few more cookies and place the rest of the Spaghetti and sausage cans in the back.   I finally fall asleep but wake up suddenly when Marissa begins to cough.  I look at Karen, we both jump up.  Karen immediately checks her forehead with her hand and frowns, not a good sign.  
"She's warm Seth.  I'm going to get the thermometer."   I nod and sit next to Marissa rubbing her back as her eyes close again.  
"SethSeth."  I look up and see Evan come running in.  "Brenda and Dennis are gone."
"What do you mean gone?" I ask.  Marissa's eyes are still closed.
"I think they came down with the virus.  Jason said he heard them coughing last night."  I feel my head begin to spin.  It feels like it's on a swivel.  I immediately begin hug Marissa tighter.  Where is Karen? 
"Someone go get Jim." I yell out.  Where is Karen?  I cant let anything happen to Marissa.  I keep holding her tighter till she whispers for me to let go because she cant breathe.  Finally Karen returns and checks her temperature.  I hear the electronic beep, it reminds me of the opening stock market bell for some reason, but I don't tell Karen that.  She shakes her head when she reads the number and begins wiping the sweat off Marissa's forehead.  I keep calling out for Jim until finally I see him enter the room and immediately lean over Marissa and give her the injection. He checks her breathing and talks to Karen about the temperature.  I ask him why he didn't give the injection to all of us earlier and he said it is only effective if you already have the virus, whatever that means.  Luckily he was an M.D. in another lifetime, though he must have done one of those online degrees because like I said before the guy never leaves the lab.  He says the key is to watch her breathing and temperature and to let him know if anything changes, maybe he gets tired of saying take two aspirin and call me in the morning because that's what it sounds like.  I know were doomed if Marissa has the virus.  I cant imagine what we will do.  I can see her chest slowly rising with each breath and her eyes are gently closed. She looks so peaceful and so young at the same time lying there.  I reach down and carefully clasp her hand in mine.  I slightly close my eyes and ask God to spare her from this awful virus.  I'm not sure if it will work, but she has survived this far and I certainly cant imagine the world without her.  I feel my eyes become moist and a few seconds later tears are streaming down my face.  It feels good to let it out.  I feel like I am purging all the evil out of my body.  I just let the tears run down my face. I dont even bother to wipe them.  I'm not sure how much time passes but the next thing I feel is Karen's arm wrapped around me.  
"It's going to be okay Seth."  I hear her whispering in my ear as we both stare at our daughter, our greatest creation.  I think back to the night when Karen came running down the stairs yelling for me that she had great news.  I thought she was going to tell me there was a new Dow high or something, but instead she told me she was pregnant.  Instead of jumping up and screaming with joy, I asked "how?"  Remember how smart I am.  She looked at me with that bright smile and look of confusion I think she saves just for me and then blurted out, "oh Seth. I love you.  Youre going to be the best father ever."  I quickly hugged her and asked her if she happened to catch the Dow, okay I really didnt say that.  I just smiled and began thinking about all the great things we could all do together and have begun my day the same way ever since.  Marissa is the greatest thing that ever happened to us.  I can't believe she is sick.  "She'll make it Seth.  I know she will."  Karen whispers in my ear.  I nod my head and tell her I'll be right back.  I immediately jump up and quickly walk down the stairs. I still havent found a secret staircase over here yet.  Although, I'm thinking if Marissa comes though this okay maybe we could build one.  I mean why not.  I quickly walk towards the stairs to the lower level.  It is still early so no one should be up yet. I hope the babies are sleeping.  I come around the corner and see Jim standing over something very disgusting looking, I dont ask.  He immediately puts down what he's working on and looks at me.
"Hi Seth, any change?"
"No. Jim, I need to know the truth.  What are her chances now that she's had the injection?"
He looks down and not directly into my eyes, more evidence he didnt go to a real medical school.  
"I can't say one way or the other, it's possible she just has the flu or she could have the virus."  That's what we have decided to call it now, just the virus.  We all know what that means and no one dares to even mention the word anymore.
I look down at the floor as well, maybe I should think of becoming a doctor. "So what can we do?"
He shakes his head and finally looks up maybe his neck is getting tired. "There's really not all that much I can do.  I'm going to draw some blood in a few minutes and test it and then we should know something."  I nod.  "The good news is that if she has the same virus she shouldn't be alive now, but I wont know anything till we get some blood."  I think he's looking at my neck, but I cant be sure, so I take a few steps back.
"What will the blood work tell you?"
"I will compare it to the samples I have and it will let me know what she has."
"If she has it what can we do?"
"I'm afraid not much.  Other than the injection, I don't have any other answers right now."  I want to ask him what medical school he went to but I decide to head back up.  "I'll be up in a minute."  I quickly run back upstairs, and back into the room where Marissa is.
"She's getting warmer."  Karen immediately tells me.  I feel my heart began to skip a little bit. 
 "I just spoke with Jim. He's going to test her blood." Karen nods. We both quickly turn our heads hearing the knock on our door and see a distressed looking Evan standing there. "Craig is dead."
"What?"  I hear myself say quickly standing up.
"Just found him."  He shakes his head. I can see the tears welling in his eyes, so I figure it's probably not a good time to ask about the sleeping arrangements. "He said he wasn't feeling well last night."  I look over at Karen and we both stare at Marissa.  I can feel the tears welling up in my eyes again.  How can this be happening?    
"There are others who are feeling ill too."  I nod and thank him for letting us know.  I watch him leave our room and sit down next to Marissa.  I don't care if I pick up the virus. As a matter of fact, if we lose Marissa, I would just as soon get the virus as well.  I stop feeling sorry for myself seeing Karen pull out that damn thermometer.  She begins to speak, but I tell her no.  I dont want to know her temperature.  Everything seems like a blur.  A few minutes later, at least I think it is I watch Jim come in and draw her blood.  He wears a mask and gloves. He actually looks more like a doctor than a mad scientist for once.  I'm not sure if he was doing that for my benefit or not, but I don't say anything I just watch feeling my head began to swirl around again.  It feels like it is going to explode.  Everything is getting really blurry and dark at the same time.  I dont know what is happening, but I feel like Im sinking into a large black hole.  I'm trying to hold on but I can'tKarenKaren.  




Chapter 35  


My head is screaming when I open my eyes, at least I think they are open but the room is so dark.  I'm not sure where I am but I am lying on a bed and I cant see anything.  My limbs feel very heavy.  I'm trying to lift my head but nothing is happening.  It's so dark I cant tell where I am but I know it's not my bedroom and I cant see Karen anywhere.  I try to yell but nothing is coming out, maybe I should close my eyes again, hopefully this is a bad dream.  I've had dreams like this before but most of them were around the time the tech bubble burst a few years ago. Karen said I was under a lot of stress, if only I had known what stress was back then. I think back to my whole life. It seems so meaningless now. I wish Karen were here.  Suddenly I remember that Marissa is fighting for her life and we have lost two others already.  I feel my head began to throb again and then thankfully everything goes black and peaceful and Im floating away on a cloud seeing nothing but seas of beautiful blue bliss.
"SethSethare you okay?"  I keep hearing.  I'm not sure if I'm dreaming or not again, but I look up and Karen is standing above me.  She looks like an angel.   Maybe I am in heaven.  Before I began to relax back into my state I immediately sit up and this time I can feel my body moving. I even feel my old back injury flaring up, so much for heaven.  I feel my mind coming into focus and then it hits me like a brick to the side of the head, not that I have ever had that happen before.  I really need to talk to someone who has had that so I can see if it really feels like I think it does.  "How's Marissa?"  I ask all my senses keenly awake now.  I watch Karen for any signs of deceit, and trust me I know them all.  "She's still the same.  Jim is in there treating her."  She smiles.  I feel myself slipping back into my little bliss, but I am able to keep focus.  "Where am I?"  It is still extremely dark.  Luckily, I'm so brave and not scared of the dark.  Karen must be well aware of that.
"Youre in a room down the hall."  I look around and start to vaguely remember the outlines, but Im not really sure.  "What happened to me?  Why am I here?"  I watch Karen pause a little too long before she answers.  Remember I told you I know all her tricks.  "You passed out when Jim was getting blood from Marissa."  I wonder if she still thinks I am so brave.  I try to harden my face.  "Then you came too and you were a mess so Jim gave you a sedative."
"A sedative?  Me?"
"Yes you Seth.  You really needed it. You were so stressed out and exhausted, so I agreed with him."  She pulls the sheets up on my chest.
"What about me?  Did I agree with it?"  I see Karen nod.  "How long have I been here and why is it so dark?"
Karen looks around the room, "you've been here since yesterday."  She looks around again.  "Apparently, this is the room the President uses when he really needs to sleep because it is completely sound and light proof.  Jim and I agreed you would be better in here."
"What do you mean?  Am I back in the White House?"
"Yes.  Jim thought it would be better."
"Where's Marissa?"
"She's actually in the room next door."  She points at the wall behind me.
"How's her temperature?"
"She's hanging tough.  It's still up, but Jim says she's a tough kid."
"Can I get up?"  I try to move my legs but they seem to be about ten minutes behind my brain."
Karen straightens out the sheets.  "Why don't you just relax for a little while and I'll come check on you in a bit."
"What about Marissa?"  I yell grabbing Karen's hand.
She squeezes my hand back.  "I'll let you know if there is any change, but right now she is resting just like you and there's nothing you can do."  She immediately makes a face remembering how much she knows I hate that expression.
"Butbut"
"Seth.  Really just relax.  She's in good hands."  She says sternly.  I hate when she does this because then I cant say anything back, so I try to smile.  She kisses me on the forehead.  My Mom would be so happy.  I still cant believe she is gone. I try asking again.
"Does she have the virus?"  Again she pauses too long before speaking.
Nodding her head slowly, "Jim thinks she does, but she is hanging on much better than the others."  I feel her squeeze my hand again.  "I think she is going to be okay."
"How are the others?"
I watch her eyes immediately drop to the floor knowing it isn't going to be okay.  "Some of them haven't made it."
"How many?"  I ask.  I know I can ask a lot of questions.
"I think eight so far."  She mutters still looking down.
"Eight?" I call out feeling my heart actually beat, maybe the sedative is finally wearing off or maybe I needed another one.  I can see the concern in Karen's eyes as she watches me.  "We're not going to make it are we?  I mean eight of us already.  That's almost twenty percent."  I wonder if she's impressed with my quick mathematical calculations, she doesnt look it.   "Who didnt make it?"  I don't want to ask about Tim again because she will call me selfish.  "Was it Tim?"  I ask anyway and she gives me that look she always does, but I feel relieved when she shakes her head no.   "You know about Craig and Peter.  The four students didnt make it."  I cant believe it, the virus has made its return and we were all going to go sooner or later.  I remember what my dad told me when we lost my grandfather, his father.  He told me we were all dying. It was just a matter of time.  I was a little taken back when he first told me that but as I grew older I began to understand what he had been trying to tell me.  None of us were above death and it was part of life.  I hadnt tried to pass that on to Marissa and now I was wondering if I ever would.  I need to see her.  I try to move my legs again, but I feel Karen push me right back down.  "Not yet Seth, you need to rest."   Funny how I always listen to her.  I hear the door open and another voice is ringing in my ear.  I can't make out whose voice it was because everything seems to be going in slow motion again.  It is then I notice I am hooked up to some kind of monitor like in a hospital.  What is going on?  I can hear Karen talking to someone. I can actually see her lips moving.  I know I should have taken a class on lip reading in college.  I watch for what seems like an eternity before she looks like she is fading away, I wish she would come back in focus. A few seconds later I have a big smile on my face and I'm resting comfortably on my big puffy cotton cloud soaking up the endless blue sky.  It is so peaceful again.  I've really missed it.
Well I finally wake up again and I feel a little sore, I think I have fallen off my cloud, but apparently I didnt because I am lying on the floor.  I have fallen off the bed and that is where the pain is coming from.  Apparently Jim or Dr. Jim as I have taken to calling now feels I need to rest.  I love it when people other than me make decisions about me, reminds me of Karen.  I'm still hooked up to all these wires.  I wonder what kind of sedatives he is pumping into me and where is Karen anyway.  I look for the red button to call for a nurse, but I dont see anything, so I start yelling for Karen.  I feel like I'm going horse, but she comes in a minute later.  She looks exhausted. Maybe I should offer her some of these sedatives.
"Karen what's going on?  Why am I still in here?"  I watch her pull the sheets around me and untangle all those wires.
"What happened did you fall off the bed?"
"No a cloud," I answer back.
"A cloud?  What are you talking about Seth?"
"I want to get out of here?"
"You need to rest."  I feel her hand go to my forehead.  It feels so cold.  I'm trying to remember that expression my mom used to always say something about cold handswarm heart, but my mind is too foggy to remember.  I feel her place the thermometer on my forehead and then it goes beep.  I think of the stock market bell again.  I really miss our doorbell.  Maybe we should install one in here I think of telling her.  I watch her look at the thermometer and frown.
"What is it?"
"It says you need to keep resting."   I hate when she talks to me like that, but for some reason I dont have the energy to argue, so I let it go.  I wonder if she's proud of me.
"How's Marissa doing?"  I try to look closely at the thermometer, but my vision is oddly blurry.
"She's still doing the same.  Good and bad moments.  Kind of like you."
"What do you mean me?"
"Youre sick Seth.  You have the same thing as Marissa and everyone else."
"I have the virus?"  I suddenly feel the chills.
"Yes, you do and Jim says if you get lots of rest it will really help.  That's why I'm going to give you this."  I see a syringe in her hand.
"Please Karen not another shot."
"I'm sorry Seth.  I know you.  You'll try and get up if not and you'll make it worse." I didnt want to tell her a few frames in the bowling alley might make me feel better now that we're back in the White House.
"Are we going to make it?" I try and sit up, but she pushes me back down.
"Jim has given out all the injections he has.  He's back in his lab now working on it."
"How's everyone else?"
"We have about ten of us sick not including Charles's guys. Lizzie has been a big help."
"I want to see Marissa?" I try and get up, but she pushes me down again.  How'd she get so strong, maybe she's been sneaking in the bowling alley after me?
"She's sleeping just like you.  The good news is Jim says this virus is different than the original one.  People are lasting much longer and the longer you last the better chance you have, so get ready."  She rolls up my sleeve and slams the needle into my vein.  I immediately see my cloud.  I wonder if it missed me.  Everything is so blue, I kind of feel like I'm back on the Jupiter 6, maybe we should call this one the Jupiter 7, or maybe Cloud 9 would be more appropriate, remember I told you every boater is always waiting for that next one. I'll have to ask Karen what she thinks.  It's really quite peaceful here maybe Karen is right I need to learn to relax more.  I drift around on my cloud for what seems like an eternity till I'm blasted with a bright piercing light in my eyes.
"Karen?  What's going on?"  I try and open my eyes but all I see is that bright light.  I like my cloud better.  Finally, the light goes out and my eyes try and focus, but everything is still fuzzy and Karen looks so different.  "What happened to you?  You look so weird?"
"Thanks."
"And you're voice is so much lower."  I suddenly feel like Little Red Riding Hood.
"Its not Karen, it's Jim, Seth.  I'm just checking you out."
"Good, because next I was going to say your breath could use a mint."
"What's that?"
"Oh nothing, I'm just trying to wake up."
"How are you feeling?" I feel his hand on my chest.  I wonder if I should talk to Karen about sexual harassment.
"I'm okay.  I still feel a little cold and tired." Now he's feeling my throat.
"Thats expected.  Youre actually doing fairly well compared to the others.  You're blood results are better today than yesterday."
"How's Marissa?"  
"Open your mouth."  He shines his light into my throat.  "She hasnt changed since the first day she developed symptoms, so I would say she is still hanging in there."
"Is she going to make it?  Am I?  Are any of us?"
"The longer she holds on the better.  That goes for you too."  I watch him shake his head. That usually means bad news.  "As far as the rest of us, its not looking good.  We've lost at least ten of us so far and a few more aren't looking good.  I think Lizzie's people are down to two or three now."
"What about the injections?" I finally close my mouth.  I feel him pressing the thermometer on my forehead.  I'm glad he's not old school on that.
"I've given them all out.  I even gave one to Karen and me just in case we have it, but so far neither of us are experiencing any symptoms."
"Karen said you think the virus is different."  I notice the syringe in his hand.  I wonder if I'm going back to Cloud 9.
"I think it's definitely the same virus just a different strand.  It's powerful, but some of us seem to be immune to it which is really puzzling to me.  I've been in my lab most of the day trying to figure it out."  I wanted to say you're always in your lab and you're lab is what caused this in the first place, but I also kind of want to go back to Cloud 9 and think about Cloud 10, so I keep my mouth shut.  Why isnt Karen ever around for my shining moments.
"How about the babies?"  I watch him do something with the machines behind me.  I can't quite see what he's doing and what kind of machines they are.  I'll have to ask Karen later.  I dont want Jim to think I dont know, maybe I should start nodding again.
"That's the other amazing thing, not one of them has any symptoms or any of the mothers down there."  He holds up the syringe.  "Are you ready for some more sleep?"  I nod even though I'm really in the mood for some spaghetti and sausages, maybe I can talk Tim into letting me bring some with me before the next journey.  I'm back on my big peaceful ship before the needle even hits my arm. It's funny I never even feel the pain of the needle and as Karen will tell you no one hates needles more than I do.  I look around and see a few other clouds this time, no one is on them. Maybe one of them will be my new ride.  I'll have to be sure and ask Karen what the new name is officially going to be.  


Chapter 36

 

Well I woke up again earlier at least I think it was earlier.  I really dont know what day it is or even what time it is.  Karen said I'm in the President's emergency sleep room, but it feels more like I'm in prison.  I haven't seen Karen in a while. I hope that means everything is still okay with Marissa.  I tried calling out her name when I first woke up, but I gave up after no response.  I even tried to get up, but I have an IV attached to the back of my wrist and there's no way I'm taking a chance pulling that out, because the only thing I hate more than needles is blood, especially my own.  I know, hard to believe I'm such a chicken, but at least I'm still the Director at least I hope I am especially now that Charles is definitely gone.  That whole thing with Charles coming back still blows my mind.  I still dont understand why they had to do it the way they did.  I mean they could have just asked to join us peacefully and I'm sure we would have all agreed.  I think now that most of them have died they would probably agree with me too.  I wonder how Lizzie is doing and why she survived.  I hope she doesnt have any aspirations to run for Director, especially after getting a good look at our private quarters.  I'll have to ask Jim how we can disinfect it and get back up there.  I miss my Presidential Seal comforter.  I think if I get back up there I will go with the mirror on the ceiling so I can see myself underneath it.  I'm sure Karen will agree after all we have been through the last few days, weeks or hours.  I wish I knew how long I have been here.  I bet someone updated the president whenever he was in here, maybe I should insist on a daily briefing every morning.   The other thing we need to do is get out to LA.  I have a good feeling about people still being out there, despite everyone else's doubt.  I hope Jim can rig up one of those buses to get out there without smelling gas fumes the whole way.  I wish we still had the plane, too bad about Craig.  I will really miss him.  I wonder who else didnt make it.  I wish Karen would come back in here.  I wonder if the walls are soundproof.   
Hopefully, I'll be able to get back on my feet soon.  I think I feel a little better, but I'll have to wait and see if Karen agrees.  Maybe she'll let me hit the bowling alley tonight or at least get a few cans of spaghetti's and sausages.   I try to roll over but I'm still scared about these wires.  Maybe I should call for Karen again.  A minute later I hear the door open.  I have to close my eyes because the light is so bright, so I can't tell who it is.  I really hope it's not Jim again.
"Hey Seth, you awake?"  It's Karen.  I reach out to hug her, but I quickly remember the wires so I dont move.  I'm so glad to see her.
"Hi. How is she?"
"She's still the same.  Jim gave her another injection last night."
"Why another one?  I thought he said that could be dangerous."
"It can be, but since she's not improving he felt it would do more good than harm."  I feel her hand touch my forehead. "Wow!  You seem to be losing your fever."
"Really, does that mean I can go bowling?"
"Seth, is that all you care about?"  I try to sit up and she isnt pushing me down this time, so maybe there's a chance.
"No, I care about you and Marissa too."  She shakes her head.
"I'm glad youre doing better.  Jim will be happy."  I don't see a syringe in her hand this time, so maybe I'll be getting a break from Cloud 9.
"How's everyone else?"  When she doesnt answer right away, I sense something is bad.
Finally she speaks.  "Some are better than others."
"What do you mean?"  I'm all the way seated up now.  It feels good.
"We've lost a lot of us Seth."
"How many?"
"I dont know exactly.  Let's just make sure youre okay right now."  I feel my heart sink hearing the news.  A lot of us does not sound good.  I wonder if I should ask about Tim now.  "Tim is fine."  How does she know?  
"How did you know?"
"Because besides bowling and Marissa and me, the only other thing you care about is Tim and his cooking."  She forgot to say the secret staircase too.
"How about getting me out of here for a while?"  I grab the IV line.
"Are you sure you're up to it?"
"I'm ready.  I feel like I've been sleeping for days."
"Try weeks Seth.  You've almost been in here two weeks now."
"No way."  I cant believe it, two weeks I've been sailing around on Cloud 9, no wonder I was getting ready to move on to Cloud 10.  "Let's go then.  I need to see Marissa."
"I'm not sure that's a good idea right now.  She's been pretty sick Seth."
"I dont care.  I need to see her."
"Okay.  Let me unhook this stuff for you."  I feel her pulling on the IV line and whatever else is hooked up to me.  That's the good thing about having a nurse as a wife.  I never have to worry about all this stuff.  I remember when Marissa would fall off a swing or something and scratch her leg.  I would run her home to Karen and then instead of Marissa crying I would be the one crying, remember I don't like blood.  Maybe Karen's right I'm not ready to see Marissa, but there's no way I'm not going.  I cant believe I have been in here for two weeks.  I wonder if any of the Presidents stayed in there that long, maybe I should consider changing my name to George Washington again.  I'll have to check with Karen, but right now is probably not a good time.  She finally has me unhooked and is helping me up.  I feel so light-headed.  I grab onto Karen's shoulder as I stand up, she must be hitting that bowling alley because she is holding me up with no problem.  I better not challenge her to a game for a few weeks till I get my rhythm back.  We slowly walk across the floor, me holding onto her with every step.  Finally we make it to the door and I step out into the hallway, it feels so refreshing, so different than Cloud 9, though I miss all the blue.  I think about suggesting we take a walk down to the Blue Room, but she leads me into the room next door.  I instantly feel my body quiver seeing Marissa huddled up on a bed.  She looks so frail and sick.  I cant believe it's her.  I want to run to her, but my body isnt cooperating.  I'm glad I had my share of drunken nights, so at least I have a little practice at this.  I make it to the side of her bed and Karen lets me rest my arms on Marissa's bed frame.  I give her a big hug and feel my eyes fill with tears. I promise myself there's no way she is going to go out of this world before me, even though it sounds like there's hardly anyone left any more.  I stay next to her for a long while till Karen comes back and helps me to my feet.  She wipes away the tears and we just look at each other.  There isnt anything either one of us can say. I slowly hobble out of the room wiping the tears off my face and looking back at her one more time.
"Is she going to make it?"
Karen looks down and tries to smile.  "Jim says she has a chance because she has held on so long, just like you.  She's a fighter Seth."
"I know where she gets that from."  I quickly say.
"Yes, Seth she gets that from you.  All we can do is keep her comfortable and hope this next injection does the trick.  Let's go see if we can find something for you to eat and drink."
"I know where a few of those spaghetti and sausage cans are." I say.
"Seth, you havent eaten or drank any food for two weeks youre not going to start out by having a can of spaghetti."  I want to say how about a cookie, but I already know the answer so I follow her down to the kitchen.  I feel so happy seeing Tim in there working.
"How you feeling Seth?"
"Hungry."  I respond.  He smiles back and goes back to work.  I really have missed him.  Finally a few minutes later, he puts a plate in front of me with some kind of toast on it.  I know we don't have any bread left, but I dont ask and I start eating away.  It doesnt really have the same texture as normal bread, but it tastes like bread so I eat it up.  I can see a bag of cookies behind him.  I'm trying to see what kind they are and if they're home-made.
"Seth, dont even think about it."  Karen says pointing at my toast.  We both look up as Lizzie enters the kitchen.  I really have missed the White House kitchen.  I hope Tim brought my cans over. 
"Hey, how are you feeling?"  I see her looking in the same direction as the cookies as she sits down.
"I'm awake."  I say between mouthfuls, "And hungry." I look at the cookies again.
"Seth, be good."
"So how are all you're people doing?"
  "There are only three of us left, me, Devon and Raymond."  I try to picture who they are, but I cant remember who is who anymore.
"How about us Karen? How many are left?"
"I guess about twenty-five now with the little ones."  I feel my breath exit my lungs quickly and I gasp as I count twenty-eight people total.  I cant believe it.  How did we lose everyone?  I remember what Jim said that we would never make it with less than a hundred and now we are down to the twenties and who knows how many more of us will get sick.  I really need a cookie.  Karen looks at me.  "Jason and a few others have been doing a good job of cleaning this place up.  Jim thinks they have gotten rid of the virus for the most part and we should be able to start living in our area again."  I cant get the thought of Charles's massive decaying body in our bed though.
"Even our bedroom?"
"Yes, everywhere.  Those guys have been great.  We decided to keep the babies across the street just to be sure, but none of them got sick.  It's really weird."
"I think we need to have some kind of service for everyone again." I say taking the last bite of my toast.  I'm still not sure what it is made of.
"Already taken care of.  Jason and his group have it all set up whenever we're ready."
I want to say is Jason trying to take over my job as Director.  I hope he doesnt have his eye on our bedroom too.  "He's been trying to keep himself busy since he's so worried about Marissa.  I think he still checks her every hour even through the night.  He's been so helpful to me, especially with you being sick too."  I nod my head.  I guess I'll have to go easy on the kid when I see him, but he better not get any ideas about my bedroom or that Presidential Seal comforter, maybe I'll have to remind him of that.  I wonder if it's a good time to bring up the election. I quickly decide not to say anything now when Karen makes me drink some orange juice because I hate orange juice and she's not going to be happy when I refuse.  Somehow I drink the orange juice though and I try to get Tim's attention.  I think I deserve a cookie for doing that.  I see Karen shaking her head behind me.  I wonder if she's this tough on Jason.   
"How's your daughter doing?"  I look at Karen.
"She's hanging in there. Jim gave her another injection last night.  He said tonight and tomorrow are going to be the real tests as to whether or not she makes it."  I feel a tear roll down my face.  
"Please let me know what I can do.  I'll be praying for her."
"Thanks."  Karen looks at me.  "Do you want to lie down or are you ready for some fresh air?"
"Fresh air and a cookie," I answer.
"A what?"
"Nothing," I say looking desperately at Tim wishing he could read my mind like Karen does.  We spend the next hour sitting outside near the Rose Garden.  I noticed that someone has worked on the grass and upkeep of the outside, so it is starting to look normal again.  I just hope Marissa will be able to see it again.  Karen keeps her arm around me the whole time outside.  I think she is really concerned about me, but we dont say much because I think we are both worried sick about Marissa.  It's about an hour later now and I'm back in bed, no syringe this time, so I'm not sure if I'll see Cloud 9 this time.  She didnt even hook me up to any of the wires.  I do feel much better, just a little weak, but dont tell that to Karen.  We looked in at Marissa before bringing me in here, she still looked the same.  I decide to follow Lizzie's advice and pray to God.  I'm not sure how long I pray though because the next thing I know is I'm sailing across the sky on a new cloud and I didnt even get an injection this time.  I look at the back and it has Cloud 10 painted on it.  I can't believe it we have a new one.  Wait till I let Karen know about this. 


Chapter 37


I just woke up and I'm heading out of my room now, no wires.  I feel a lot better. Maybe I'll even try and roll a few balls later as long as Karen doesnt know.  I slowly open Marissa's door and see her lying sound asleep.  She doesnt look any worse, but I wish she would get better.  I feel my eyes begin to well up, so I clasp her hand and whisper to her how much I love her.  I wonder if she can hear me.  I wish I could just talk to her and let her know everything will be okay.  I think I stay with her for about an hour and then I head down to the kitchen, I know, no surprise there.  No one is in here and when I look outside, I see why, it is totally dark out. I guess Tim has to sleep too.  The clock says 3:00 AM.  I guess that's a good time for some spaghetti and sausages.  I easily find the stash of cans in one of the pantries.  I open up two of them and grab a handful of cookies from the bag.  I think they are chocolate chip, but I cant tell because it is a little dark in here.  I quietly bring them to one of the tables that we have been using to eat at.  I quickly begin scooping out bites of spaghetti. I cant believe how well it tastes.  I finish both cans quickly and begin on the cookies, I'm so glad Karen isn't here.  I wonder if she's up in our room, maybe she's even under the Presidential Seal blanket.  I'll ask her if I can start sleeping in there now that I am feeling better.  I decide to take a walk.  I havent seen the House for a while.  I still can't believe I have been floating around for two weeks.  Karen said I was really sick.  I wonder why I survived and all those others didnt.  I can't believe we are down so few. I am really going to miss them.  These last few months have definitely been the hardest we have lived through since it all started.  I really hope Marissa is okay.  I decide to head down to Jim's lab, hopefully he has secured it since Charles and his guys got in there.  I wonder what they were thinking when they opened the doors.  They must have had no idea they were unleashing the virus again or at least a variation of it.  I quietly step down the last step and turn the corner, as soon as the lab comes into view, I can see Jim.  I wonder if he ever sleeps, maybe I'll have to see if he likes bowling.  I can see him leaning over one of his counters behind the large glass windows, not sure what he's doing and I'm not sure I want to know unless it has something to do with getting Marissa better.  He doesnt see me yet, so I just stand here and watch him.  He really is an amazing guy. I mean where would we be if it wasn't for him, especially with the wind power and the injections that probably saved my life.  I wonder if he still thinks I'm smart too.  I'll have to keep up my nodding when I talk to him.  Finally he looks over at me and nods, at least he didnt wink this time, maybe I dont look so handsome right now after being sick for so long.  I watch him slowly walk over still looking back at what's on the counter in front of him.  He opens the large glass door and takes a good long look at me.  Maybe he does like me. I better go tell Karen she has some competition.  
"Seth.  How are you feeling?"
"Much better now," I say causing him to actually smile.  Funny I never even knew he had teeth before.
"You look great."  I knew he liked me.
"Im really feeling back to myself."  I figure I better not tell him about what I just ate, in case he tells Karen, so I don't say anything.
"I'm working on something else for Marissa.  I'm examining some of her tissue right now."  You took out some of her tissue?  I felt like screaming.  I'm glad I didn't look at that counter.  "Im hoping that second injection will work.  It's a little different mixture, but it's the only one I have, so hopefully no one else will need it."
"Thanks for working so hard on Marissa."  I feel my eyes becoming moist again, but I dont bother wiping them with my hand.  I hope it doesnt change Jim's tough guy image of me.
"Marissa's a great kid Seth.  We're going to do everything we can to save her."
"How do you know how to do all this?"  I know I shouldnt ask questions, just nod, but this is Marissa.
"I was an MD, PHD student and worked in a university lab and taught, then spent some time in an ER so I pretty much got the full gamut of everything."  He quickly looks back towards the lab.  I wonder if he's looking at Marissa's tissue sample.  "But as much as I know, there is an amazing amount I dont know.  I just hope it's enough to save her.  Like I said I'll do my best."  I nod and pat him on his shoulder.  He must think I'm smart again, but I hope he doesnt get the wrong idea about me touching him.  I have to remember to warn Karen about him.
"Youre doing a great job and Karen and I really thank you."  I think he actually smiles again, but I dont see any teeth this time.
"We've lost a lot of people Seth."
"I know, but you did everything you could."
"I just hope we have enough to survive."
"That is why after you cure Marissa, we need to take a little trip to L.A."  He takes off his glasses.  I never noticed he has blue eyes.
"I've been thinking about that.  I think I can put something together to get us out there.  I looked at that bus the other day, but it's not going to be an easy trip and it may be quite dangerous."
"But it's something we need to do.  We need those people if they're out there."
"Agreed, I will keep working on it."
"Thanks again Jim."
"You got it. Keep resting."  I nod and turn around and head for the stairs.  A few minutes later, I'm sitting at my desk in the Oval Office.  It's a little messy, but not too bad considering all that has happened over here the last few months.  I slowly put my feet up on the desk. It feels so good to be back.  I really have to push for that election again, I hope the people that are left voted for me last time.  At least I dont have to worry about Charles anymore.  I'll have to come up with a new slogan this time though.  I stay down here for a good hour or so, I even put my feet up and down several times off the desk. I'll have to let Karen know I've started exercising again.  It looks like the sun is beginning to come up so I decide to take a walk back up to our old quarters.  I've been sleeping or actually sailing just down the hall next to Marissa's room.  I walk by and peek in, she still looks like she's sleeping so I dont bother going in.  I continue down the hall past the room my gifts were in.  Karen's not here so I decide to take a quick look, dont tell anyone.  It feels kind of creepy going in here since this is where some of us violently lost their lives.  The walls are still covered with bullet holes and there's food and plates and other party items still scattered on the floor.  I guess Jason didnt get in here yet to clean it up.  I walk past the table that held the Black Forest and I can actually see some on the floor.  I'm tempted to taste it, but I dont want to take a chance and get sick again.  It seems so long ago that we were crouched down behind this table as Charles opened fire on us.  I keep walking and look behind the beige colored couch that was near the babies during the party. Behind it I can see my gifts still wrapped.  I cant believe it.  Have I told you how much I like presents, especially wrapped ones?  Remember Karen stopped wrapping things for me a long time ago because I would always search the house till I found them.  I remember when I was eight or nine, and it was about a week or so before Christmas and my parents came home from a party and found me on the floor playing with all my gifts.  They had hidden them on their second shelf in their closet and I found a chair and got them all out.  I think they stopped wrapping things after that too, though my Dad liked to do his Christmas shopping on Christmas Eve but I'm pretty sure that was because he was worried about me finding out what he was getting me.  Anyway, I grab the first gift.  It's pretty large and wrapped in light blue paper.  I tear the paper off and am surprised to see a bright orange bike helmet.  It's from Karen and there's a small note tucked inside the helmet.  It says "The limo you always wanted.  Check the parking lot." I wonder what she means. I place the note into my pocket and un-wrap the rest of the gifts.  I get two new shirts, no ties at least and two bowling gloves, I guess that means everyone knows about my late night escapades and I thought I was quiet.  I guess I'll have to be sure and turn down the alley music.  The last gift is from Marissa and I begin to cry when I open it and pull out a DVD titled, "My Dad, My Hero."  I immediately place it into the DVD player under the large plasma screen and sit down on the couch.  I cant believe what I'm seeing.  It shows me in a suit and tie. I really dont miss the ties, walking up our driveway in our old New Jersey house and then out of nowhere comes Marissa no more than ten or eleven and she jumps into my arms.  It shows me carrying her till we get out of view.  Then it switches to various Christmases and birthday parties.  I never even realized she was filming all this.  I feel the tears running down my face watching Marissa's eighth grade graduation. Unfortunately, you can see me crying on the screen too. I'll have to make sure no one like Jim sees this.  It's beautiful.  I watch as Marissa captures everything and then I feel my heart begin to race as I watch myself battling that gruesome storm on the Jupiter 6.  That is the last moment in our old world because soon after that we find out about mankind disappearing.  I watch and listen as Marissa films and narrates our journey into DC and the Whitehouse.  Maybe Karen is right, my hair wasn't as gray back then.  She shows me winning the election.  I never realized how happy I was.  There's even a shot of me enjoying a Black Forest.   I feel myself really sobbing now, maybe I should go hang out with the babies at the Blair House.  Nothing seems real anymore and now Marissa is so sick.
"It's going to be okay Seth."  I feel myself jump off the couch and grab my chest.
"You scared me."  Karen places her arms on my shoulders.
"She did a really beautiful job with that.  I remember when she made that for you.  How did you find these presents?
"I was just getting ready to start cleaning up in here when I saw them."
"Sure Seth.  You really expect me to believe that?"  I look back and she's smiling so I dont say anything and just squeeze her hands.
"So you finally got the limo ready?  Do I really need a helmet?"
"That's for the bike I got you.  It's downstairs.  I was thinking you could start riding that to get some exercise."  I want to say what about the bowling and moving my feet up and down on the desk, but I figure she probably won't agree that's enough, so I just smile and kiss her on the cheek.  "By the way, what are you doing out here anyway?  Aren't you supposed to be resting?"
"I rested for two weeks.  I'm ready to catch up.  Let's go find that bike."
"Seth, dont get carried away.  Why dont you come see how we cleaned up our room?  I had Jason bring some new furniture up?"  I slowly get up looking back at the TV again.  I really want to thank Marissa for that beautiful gift. I hope she wakes up soon.  I follow Karen down the hall towards our room and Marissa's old room.  I notice the door is open now, so I guess they cleaned that up too.  
"Where's Lizzie sleeping now?"
"I think she's downstairs somewhere with her other guys.  I dont know whose anywhere anymore.  The last few weeks have been so crazy with both you and Marissa so sick."  I walk into our room, I still cant get the image out of my head with Charles dying on the bed, but I notice they have changed the bed, the dressers and even the chairs. I'm kind of glad I was sleeping.  I instantly feel much better seeing the Presidential comforter on our bed, I'll talk to Jason about installing the mirror possibly later.  "Now why dont you rest for a while here and I'll go get you a snack."  I nod my head, maybe I should tell her about the spaghetti and cookies, but she's already gone.  I hope I didnt leave the cans and the bag of cookies out or she'll know I was just there.



Chapter 38

Well a few more days have gone by and Karen and I are back in our room.  I'm finally out of that emergency sleeping room as Karen calls it though I do miss Cloud 9 and 10 a little bit.  I've even been able to bowl a few frames though I have been doing it a little earlier since Im still quite tired and worn down from the virus. Im barely getting scores over a hundred.  As far as Marissa she is still in the same condition.  Jim is calling it a semi-coma. I just nodded when he told me that term.  I would give anything to speak to her.  I think I've watched that video she made a thousand times.  I even brought it into Evan's old office, "The Woodshed" with all those big flat screen TV's, though he hasn't been in there lately since Craig passed away from the virus.  We still haven't had a service for everyone yet.  I know Lawrence is putting something together. We're just waiting for Marissa.  Everyone else seems to have survived and Jim is fairly confident that no one else will get it.  I'm not sure how he came to that conclusion because as far as I'm concerned the virus is still in the White House and in Marissa,   but he has assured me this version of it is short-lived and can't be transferred after a certain amount of time. I guess that's true because no one else has come down with it.  I nodded again.  The other day I decided to try out my new limo, I mean bike that Karen got me for my birthday.  It's a mountain bike and I need every piece of it to ride on the roads around DC.  They have gotten really rough. They are full of cracks and weeds as big as cars.  I kind of miss my daily leg lifting in the Oval Office, but it's nice outside today, so maybe this will be a fun new hobby and plus now I have an excuse to eat as much as I want without her saying anything.  Earlier I rode by my old favorite Seven-Eleven. It's so weird to see it just sitting there rotting away, especially all those Doritos, but I still wont dare to step in there especially with the stench.  I did go in a Best Buy and pick up a few things for Marissa, just dont tell anyone I have a basket on the front of my bike to put things in, at least it's not pink or has streamers.  I'm now heading up Pennsylvania Avenue, traffic is light again today. I haven't used one of those jokes in a while.  I should see the White House any minute now.  The monuments still gleam in the crisp sunlight. I wonder how long it will take for them to start crumbling.  I can tell I'm getting near the White House now because I can see all those windmills.  I never realized how different it looks from out here, but I guess no one will ever really see it because no one is driving here anymore, see no traffic joke that time.  I really hope we'll be able to somehow get out to LA to see if there really is anyone else out there.  I've been thinking about that quite a lot lately and I really think Charles might have been telling the truth unless it is his last joke on me to get even.  Theres only one way to really find out.  I wonder if Karen will let me go and more importantly what about Tim because we would definitely need to eat since the restaurants are probably closed.  I quickly pull my bike in through the gate and park next to the side entrance under a small cover.
"SethSethcome quick.  It's Marissa."  I look up and Karen is standing inside the door frantically waving at me.  I can't move or talk.  I am stuck, it's like someone has hit pause on a remote control.  This cant be.  I can't face a world without her.  I feel the tears running down my cheeks.  I try to wipe them off with my hands as I hop off my bike, there's no kickstand by the way.  Karen said that is what the serous bikers do, so of course I had to follow in their suit.
"What's wrong?  What happened?"  I hear my voice saying.  It's like I'm another person and I can see and hear myself talking. She's not there anymore.  I look all around and Karen is nowhere to be found.  I start to wonder if I was just imagining the whole thing.  I dont want to go in and see her and have to face reality.  If she's gone, I think I will collapse and never come back, no Cloud 9, 10 or any number.  I feel my legs suddenly start walking towards the door.  I'm still calling for Karen and she isnt answering, so maybe it was just my imagination.  I feel like a magnetic force is pulling me towards her room.  I feel my legs walking across the floor.  I still feel like I am having an out of body experience. I have heard so many stories of parents burying their kids and I dont think I can do it.  The tears are really flowing now as I climb the stairs, I dont even look for a secret staircase this time.  I'm almost there, I really wish I was on the other side of the White House, but I keep going.  I finally round the corner and go past my sleeping room and I suddenly stop.  I hear voices.  I hear Karen, Jim and even Evan.  I dont think it's going to matter if the whole world is here, even though it's only twenty-eight people.  Suddenly I hear something that propels my body at an impossible speed.  Karen can't say anything about exercise now.  I run through the doorway and squeeze Marissa as hard as I can.  She is awake and talking.  She made it. I am crying so hard she probably wishes she had an umbrella, but I don't care I just keep holding her till Karen tells me to ease up.  
"Hey Marissa, youre back."  I look right into her eyes and she smiles back.  I think she says she loves me, but her voice is so soft it's hard to hear.  I wonder if she has already said that to Jason. I look at Karen and she just shakes her head so I keep holding her tight and try not to think of Jason right now.  I cant believe she has woken up.  I feel like I'm eight years old again and it's Christmas Day. I'm so elated.  I'm not sure if I'm laughing or crying anymore.  I look around and see Jim, Karen and Evan gleaming as well.  This is a happy day.  I look back at Marissa and she is looking right at me, her big blue eyes shining brightly.  I want to tell her so many things and as soon as I start talking, both Karen and Jim tell me to slow down.
"Seth, she needs to rest.  This is going to take some time.  She's been sick a long time."  I watch her eyes begin to blink until they close.  I immediately feel my heart begin to tremble again and I immediately look at Karen. "It's okay, she's just going back to sleep."
"She's right Seth."  Jim looks at Karen. I wonder if he looks at her the same way he looks at me.  I'll have to ask her later.  "It is a slow process and will take some time for her body to adjust, but I'm very pleased to see her come to.  I think that means she is one the road to recovery.  This was a big turn in the right direction."  I immediately give Marissa another hug and adjust the sheets on her and walk over to Karen and place my arms around her.
"She's going to be okay Seth.  As soon as she woke up she was asking for you."
"Not Jason?"  I ask.
"Seth. We need to have a long talk one of these days.  Yes, she was asking for you first and she stayed awake till you came up here."  I feel Karen kiss me on the back of the head.
"When do you think she'll wake up again?"  I look at both Jim and Karen.
"Probably in a few hours.  I would check back in another four hours or so and see how she's doing."  
I look at Karen. "I'm going to stay in here all the time from now on so she wont have to wake up alone."  
"Seth what are you going to do sleep on the floor?"  
I look down at the tiled floor. "Yes.  I like a firm mattress anyway."
"Seth, I would suggest you use a monitor. I saw a few in one of the other rooms or take shifts because you are still recovering too.  Jim looks at me.  I'm not sure if I should argue or just nod.  I look at Karen and decide I better just nod.  Evan leaves the room and quickly comes back with one of those monitors.  It has two different channels.  Same kind of thing we used when Marissa was little.  I plug it in next to her bed and attach the other piece to my belt causing a smile from Karen.  She probably remembers when I used to do the same thing when Marissa was little.  No matter where I was in the house or even if I was outside I always carried the receiver with me so I could hear if she woke up.  Some nights, I would even listen to her breathe.  I guess some people like the sound of the ocean and I like the sound of lungs, they both have their plusses and minuses.   One time I even brought it to work forgetting that the maximum distance is probably only fifty feet.  I'm sure I could have gotten an app on my Blackberry if we still had phones, maybe I'll bring that up to Jim next time I'm outside his lab, but right now I want him concentrating on Marissa. 
"Why don't we leave you guys be.  Let me know if anything changes and I'll be checking her every couple of hours."  I watch Jim and Evan walk out.  I grab Karen's hand and we both stand next to Marissa's bed.  We're both so happy that we don't know what to do, so we just begin to cry again.  I'm not sure how long we stayed there but the next thing I remember is waking up to Marissa's voice on the monitor.  I quickly throw off the comforter, the one with the Presidential Seal and race down the hallway.  I can hear Karen right behind me.
"MarissaMarissa."  I kneel down beside her bed and Karen does as well.  I'll have to remind her that I beat her here so maybe she needs to start exercising too, maybe we can get one of those two-seater bikes and she can sit in the front that would be almost like riding in a limo.
"What happened?  Where am I?"  I look at Karen and she nods, I almost want to smile because I'm so used to her shaking her head no.
"Youve been sick Marissa.  You are in a room down the hall from youre old one here in the White House."  I watch her expression try and take the information in.  "But now youre going to be fine.  You had us so worried." I hug her till Karen pulls me away a little bit.
"I got the virus?"  We both nod our heads.  "How long have I been in here?"
"Almost a month now," Karen answers.  I watch Marissa turn her head around and look at all the wires surrounding her.  I remember doing the same thing.  I'll have to ask her if she was on Cloud 9 too.  "Jim has been taking good care of you."
"And youre Mom too."  I say.
"I'm sure you were right there too Dad."
Karen looks at me.  "Actually you're father had the same virus, but as you can see he is back to his normal self unfortunately."
"Hey!"  I say.  I watch Karen and Marissa laugh.  It's great to have her back.  I feel so excited.  I give them both a giant hug.  I quickly turn my head hearing the loud footsteps behind me.
"You're awake."  I see Jason come running in the door.  Karen immediately steps out of the way to let Jason in.  I take a step in front of Marissa's bed and dont move till I feel Karen's arm on my shoulder nudging me out of the way.  I reluctantly move back but not as far as Karen would like because she isnt smiling at me.
"Hi Jason."  I watch him grab her hand and interlace his fingers.  I want to grab his arm, but with Karen this close by I decide to not do anything.
"I've been so worried about you.  I have been sleeping next door."  He looks at me and Karen.  "I hope you dont mind.  I just wanted to be here when she wakes up."  I start to answer but I feel a sharp pain in my foot.  I look down and see Karen's foot on top of mine.
"No Jason.  We're very happy you are here.  Are you comfortable over there?"
"I'm fine."  I watch Marissa pull him closer to her.
"Seth.  Why dont we take a walk down to the kitchen and get you something to eat and give these guys some time to catch up."  I start to protest, but the thought of more spaghetti quickly changes my mind.  I take another look back at Marissa as we walk out the door and think maybe we should install one of those video monitors I saw at Best Buy.  I start to tell Karen my idea, but I quickly change my mind as we near the kitchen.  I sit down and watch Karen get me the food.  I would offer to help, but I figure since she made me leave Jason alone with Marissa, I'll let her get the spaghetti.




Chapter 39

Well Marissa has responded really well.  It's been two weeks since she woke up and she is up and about now and has actually gained almost eight pounds, so she is happily on her way to full recovery.  I would like to say I have played a big part in her well-being, but Jason has been with her almost twenty-four hours a day bringing her food, walking with her and yes, and this will kill me to even say sleeping in the same room as her, but dont worry, he has his own bed.  Youre probably wondering how I let all this happen and the answer is Karen, she bribed me with food like she always does and as I have said before every man has a weakness and I think you know mine.  But despite, my objections and not being allowed to place a video monitor in her room, I am very happy that she is back to normal.  I still watch the video she made for me and I even watched it with her, when Jason wasn't around.  I'm not sure where he went, but I'd like to find out so I can get him to go there more often.  I would give him jobs to do, but Karen has put me on strict orders to keep him free to assist Marissa.  She better not get mad at me for gaining weight.  Speaking of weight, I'm still riding my bike.  I'm riding a little further every day, the other day I actually rode up to Georgetown.  I had a lot of fun shopping and spending the day in and out of cafes, okay not really but I did pick up a couple of unique little art pieces for Marissa in one of the stores, I dont think Jason did that. I better make sure he doesnt get a bike.  Other news, I have begun my bowling routine again after getting the okay from Jim.  I didn't tell him my normal time in the lanes is near 1:00 AM.  Karen actually lets me go there at night, well not really, she is usually sound asleep and I sneak out without her knowing.  I think she is a little curious why I'm sleeping so much later, but I just tell it's from the virus and so far she believes it, at least that's what she says.  Today, I'm back in my office, yes my feet are going up and down on the desk again I still have to ride my bike later.  I'm planning a meeting for tonight with whom we have left.  We're going to have it outside and Tim is going to make one of his specials.  Rumor has it he even left the grounds today and went to one of the local food stores to find some missing ingredients.  I wonder what he's up to. Karen said not to ask because he's too busy.  We're going to honor all those that passed on due to the virus. Lizzie even asked me if she could say something about Charles, I reluctantly agreed when she brought me a bag of oatmeal raison cookies and placed them on my desk.  I guess word got out quick about my reputation.  I've got a lot of things I want to discuss, mainly about how we're going to make it now that there so few of us.  I plan on having Jim speak for a while about his theories and how we can stay free from the virus again.  I also might bring up the Director re-election near the end so I can officially get my title back, maybe I can wear one of those white wigs in the basement to get everyone in the mood.  I know Lawrence is ready to hold another election so maybe I should make a couple more signs before the meeting and hang them up on the walls to help too. I've come up with a few more slogans.  The first one if "Vote for Seth or else."  You've got to admit that it's pretty catchy.  My other favorite is, "You'll feel like youre on cloud nine, if youre vote is mine."   I think with those two I'm a sure winner.  I guess I better check with Karen first because the other night when we were in bed and I was admiring how I look under the Presidential Seal blanket she said we probably dont need a real Director with only twenty-eight people especially when a good percentage of them are under the age of five.  I tried to argue that they need a leader to look up to, but she said that's what their parents were for so I just nodded.  I hope I get a better reception at the meeting.  I hope at least the babies dont cry when they see me. They have been getting better lately, they only seem to cry when I first come into the room and then they suddenly go right to sleep.  I'll have to ask Karen what that's all about.  I think I've written down enough notes for tonight so I guess I'll go ride my bike.  I decide to stop in the kitchen on the way out.  I can see Tim working on the stoves.  I try to look and see what he's doing, but he blocks my view and tells me not to look.  I hope I still have his vote maybe I can place one of my campaign posters in here.  I'll have to come up with a food-themed one for Tim.  As soon as I step outside, I feel the crisp air strike my lungs. It sure feels good to go outside. I think we all spend too much time inside so maybe I'll bring up an exercise plan for everyone tonight too.  I can ask Karen where she got my bike from and get one for everybody.  Maybe we could even have races up and down Pennsylvania Avenue.  I better start training.  I jump up on my bike and begin peddling.  It really is quite soothing to ride a bike, though I bet the limo is better.  I still sit in it every once in a while and pretend someone is driving me around town.  I quickly ride through the gates and turn left.  I'm not really sure where I'm going but I know I need to get far enough away to clear my mind for tonight.  I look back at our house, the sun is reflecting off the rooftop causing me to squint my eyes.  I turn back and look at the road dodging the various growths sprouting up. I hope I dont hit a rock.  The other day I wasn't paying attention, I know hard to believe, and I hit a small tree-like weed and fell off my bike and landed on my back.  Luckily, with the pavement almost entirely gone I had a soft landing and was able to get back up without any major injuries and more importantly not affecting my bowling game.  I'm feeling good today though, I feel like I have extra energy.  I decide to keep riding on Pennsylvania Avenue and I end up at Rock Creek Park.  It's so green and overflowing.  I remember when we first got here and it was in my opinion the nicest place in the city, but now you can almost not even tell where it starts and where it finishes because everything is so green.  I lean my bike against a tree, remember the cool guy doesnt have a kickstand.  I begin to wish I had brought a lunch. It is a perfect day for a picnic, though there isnt any real place to sit down.  I continue walking through the trees.  It is so quiet, it almost reminds me of my experience a few weeks ago on Cloud 9 despite the fact that I cant just ride on the clouds I actually have to walk. Luckily I have started my exercise program in the Oval Office again.  I'm thinking maybe we should have our meeting out here instead of the manicured White House lawn. Yes it has been cut again.  Someone cut the grass and made it look nice again while I was out floating around on my clouds.  I'll have to ask Jason if that was him because maybe I could keep him busy out there doing that every day, then I'll have more time with Marissa.  It's so nice out here I almost feel like whistling, but I suddenly stop when I hear a rustling above me.  I immediately cover my face.  I dont want to get hit again by some loon with a stick who thinks I'm a bear or something.  I immediately stop and slowly turn my head around looking for the sound.  I hear it again, it still sounds like it's above me, but a little ahead, so I slowly begin walking again towards where I thought I had heard it.  There it goes again.  It is definitely a rustling sound, maybe it is a bear.  I look for my bike, but I'm too far away to make a break for it so I keep going.  I hear another rustle, this time way up ahead.  Maybe I'm hearing things.  I wish Karen was here.  I'll definitely have to get her a bike real soon.  More rustling sounds, there is something out there.  For some reason I'm not really scared, just curious.  That's how it is when you're one of only twenty eight people in the world despite being in the middle of Washington, DC by yourself and hearing a strange noise.  I remember all the muggings I had read about happening in the city and in Rock Creek Park and suddenly I start feeling a little nervous.  I decide to turn around and head back towards my bike.  Maybe Karen will agree with me now that I should be driven around in a limo.  I mean how many Directors can actually walk around the middle of a city without any protection.  I hear more rustling and pick up my step.  Its hard to believe Im nervous now, especially after what I just said about being one of the only people left.  It sounds like the noise is following me.  I wonder if I'm going to be mugged or kidnapped.  I hope Karen will pay the ransom.   Suddenly, something gray and small darts in front of me.  I almost fall back at the jolt.  I cant believe how close that was and what that was.  It is a squirrel.  I cant believe it. There is a squirrel and maybe more because I still hear more noise coming from above me.  I run to try and catch the little critter.  I want to give him a big hug, but he darts away from me, probably thinks I'm crazy.  I want to say welcome to our world and invite him back to the White House, but he doesnt seem to want any part of me because he quickly scurries up a tree and disappears.  I wonder if they will count his vote too, maybe I should put some posters out here too.  I run back to my bike.  I'm so excited I cant wait to tell everyone that there are squirrels.  I wonder if they are coming back or if they have always been here. I'll have to see what Jim has to say about it.  I'll plan on doing a lot of nodding.  I wonder if there's other life out here.  I find my bike and pedal as fast as I can back down Pennsylvania Avenue to bring everyone the big news.  I feel like Paul Revere letting them know the British are coming, except I'm going to tell them the squirrels are coming.  I wonder if it will have the same effect.  I quickly make it back, I dont even park my bike I just lean it against the White House, remember no kickstand, and run inside.  I immediately go find Jim.  No surprise he's in his lab.  I'm tempted to go right in, but I wait till he sees me and comes out. He doesnt wink at me this time maybe I better check my hair. As soon as he comes out, I tell him my big news.  He seems pretty excited or at least as excited as a scientist can get so I start nodding again.  He seems to think they may be coming back, and we may start to see others follow like birds and other small animals.  I continue nodding so he thinks I'm on the same level as him.  I'm still so excited when I walk outside a few hours later and see everyone getting ready for the meeting.  We decide to have it in the Rose Garden, since it is probably the most highly maintained area we keep up on the grounds, maybe I'll see if Jason can bring up some other areas as well, but I'll have to save that for later.  I see Tim working on food on a table someone has brought out from inside.  He looks like he has several large containers full of some kind of hot food.  I cant see what it is, but I cant wait to start eating, but what else is new right.  I decide to open the meeting with Lawrence honoring those that passed.  I know, always start a meeting on a positive note, but I figure we need to do this first.  I listen as Lawrence begins to speak.  He talks in such a solemn voice. He has kind of taken over the role as our religious leader as well as voting official. He's kind of like our serious guy.  He just has the right look, you know the kind of guy who just has that distinguished appearance and personality and plus he's the oldest member of our group.  He has us light a candle for each member lost, luckily there's no wind.  I watch Evan and Lizzie quietly light candles, both of them have tears running down their faces.  I look at Marissa, sitting next to Jason, but I let that go for now because Im so happy she is healthy and I'm not lighting a candle in her honor.  Karen is seated next to Jim.  I wonder if she's telling him that I'm all hers and he shouldnt be looking at me the way he does.  Even the infants are outside, most of them appear to be sleeping, at least they're not crying and I hope they dont start when I begin to talk.  I wonder if they can vote, I'll have to ask Lawrence after.  After Lawrence finishes, I step in front of everyone and deliver the news about the squirrels I saw.  Everyone seems excited about the good news and I tell them to keep looking for more squirrels and birds.  I go on and on for a while about how this could be the start of the world coming back, in fact I go on so long that Karen begins to hold her finger to her lips so I finally stop, but I think I made my point.  I'm trying to be positive.  I notice Jason has moved a little closer to Marissa, so I quickly ask everyone to stand up for a minute to stretch before Jim comes up to speak.  Jim speaks for about an hour on the virus and what we need to do to keep it from spreading again.  I want to say keep out of his lab, but he explains the dangers of what he is doing down there, so I think everyone is getting his point to stay away.  I hope Lizzie and her friends are listening.  After Jim finishes, I speak about what Charles told me before he died. I tell them there may be more people left in California and that we need to go out there.  I ask for volunteers and we end up deciding that Jim, Evan and I will make the trip.  I try to argue for Jason to come, but Karen and Marissa decide that it would be better to leave him back here to help with anything that comes up.  I think the real reason is because she wants them to stay together especially with me out of town, more reason to set up that video monitor.   Finally, we decide to eat.  Tim has potatoes, carrots and some kind of meat created from vegetables, I think he calls it a vegetable patty, but I'm not quite sure and it is very good.  After eating three or four helpings, and listening to much protest from Karen, Tim stands up and says he has a surprise.  I close my eyes and open them a minute later to a large chocolate cake.  I feel my heart begin to speed up.  I can smell the chocolate seeping through my nostrils and into my stomach making my insides do summersaults.  I can't wait to take a bite.  It's not Black Forrest, but it is chocolate. He serves me a large piece and I keep eating till I cant get any more into my mouth.  I am so full, but I feel so good. I watch everyone start to head back in.  I feel like I cant move.  I am so full maybe I can sleep out here.  I notice there is still a little cake left, but I look at Karen and she is shaking her head, so I look the other way.  I can still taste the chocolate in my mouth so I guess I'm okay for now, maybe later I can sneak down and grab another piece instead of bowling tonight when Karen is sleeping.  I walk over and give Tim a big hug.  I consider asking him what he thinks about squirrel meat, but Karen once again reads my mind and starts to push me towards the door, I wonder if I'm hard to move.  A little while later, I'm lying under the Presidential Seal blanket still thinking about that cake.  Karen has removed the monitor for Marissa now that Jason is in there with her, so I have nothing to listen to except my own breathing and rumbling stomach, maybe no bowling tonight.   



Chapter 40


Today was another good day because a bunch of us went down to Rock Creek Park. We've been going every day since I saw the squirrel.  Jim was right, we have seen birds and more squirrels.  Today we actually saw a nest full of tiny little eggs, so maybe the world is really coming back.  Jim has been spending all his time working on a way for us to get to LA.  He decided against the bus and has determined a Suburban is our best option.  I tried to convince him of the limo, but he said no, so I just nodded again.  I'm sure I'll be doing a lot of that the next few days.  He has come up with a way to use a battery powered device to get gas from the various gas stations along the way.  I really hope it works.  He says he has been testing it every day and to his defense I havent seen him in the lab the last few weeks, so maybe he is correct.  I almost feel like we are going on a space mission with no guarantee to get back because if his battery device fails, the only way back is to walk and I'm not in that good of shape despite my bowling and biking.  Karen doesnt seem too concerned, so I'm acting as though it's no big deal either maybe she's just used to my bravery.  I hope I come back.  Evan has started to return to himself a little more over the last few weeks as well.  I think he's excited about the trip.  I know he still misses Craig, but since Craig was such a big explorer, I think he feels as though he's honoring him in going.  I really hope we find some people to make it worthwhile.  Tim has been hard at work giving us enough food.  Jim figures it will probably take us a week to get out there and who knows how long we will actually stay out there and then of course another week to get home, depending on traffic, I knowI know, so we'll definitely be gone for a while. I'm kind of worried what will happen to my bowling game while I'm gone. I guess I'll have to make up for it when I get back.  I won't say anything to Karen about it though.   There are so many potential dangers to worry about along the way. Jim and I spoke about some of them the other night.  There is of course the main one, the battery thing not working, but there's also the possibility of radiation dangers along the way.  We have no idea what the statuses of the nuclear plants are, so we may be marching to our death.  There's also the food thing, what if we run out of food?  I suggested we could stop at some of the restaurants along the way because they are known for their speedy service, but Jim didnt laugh.  I'm so nervous.  I wonder if I'll sleep at all tonight.  I may have to spend some extra time in the alley.  We have decided to take shifts driving.  Depending on the conditions of the roads will determine if we can drive at night.  I really hope we can because otherwise it will take us even longer and I dont really like travelling in a car anyway, unless it's a limo. We get back to the White House sometime in the afternoon.  I immediately tell Karen we saw a few birds, she just smiles, maybe she is sad I'm leaving tomorrow.  I go check on Marissa.  She's not in her room and neither is Jason, not sure if that's a good thing or bad, so I walk down to the Oval Office.  I just keep thinking this could be my last time in here.  I wonder if Jason will take over if I dont come back.  Maybe I'll have to persuade Karen or Lawrence to run as my backup.  I sit down at my desk and put my feet up.  I really have nothing to do except get ready to leave, so I decide to just sit here. I'm not one for packing.  I always left that up to Karen.  I think that is her specialty, remember the OCD thing.  She loves organization.  In fact she's probably packing my stuff right now.  I'm not sure how much time passes by but I suddenly jump up because someone is standing right in front of me.
"Dad, are you okay?"
"I'm fine.  I'm just getting ready for tomorrow."
"You dont look like you are.  Dad you were sleeping."  I bring my feet to the floorexercise time.
"I was just thinking about everything we have to do."
"I guess all that thinking made you tired huh?  I'm surprised your head doesnt hurt."  I laugh.  Have I told you my daughter has the same sense of humor I do?  I wonder if Jason knows about that.
"I'm going to miss you."  I say.
"Are you nervous?"
"Nowe'll be fine.  Jim has everything figured out."  I look down at my feet.  Maybe I should put them back up.
"How long do you think you'll be gone?"
"I'm hoping no more than three weeks."  I think about all that time Jason will have with Marissa without me around.  "Keep an eye on Mom for me. Okay?"
"We'll watch her.  Thanks for letting Jason stay here."  I nod.  "He has been such a big help getting me better.  He never lets me forget my medicine or anything.  Thanks Dad."  I nod again.  We both turn our heads as Karen walks in.  I'm not used to having this many people in my office at one time, so I slide my chair back a little.
"Hey guys.  I thought I would find you here."
"We're just talking about Dad's trip."  Marissa says.
"Are you ready Seth?  I have your suitcase all packed."  I smile.
"I'll be fine."  I dont tell them about all my doubts, especially the battery thing that Jim has come up with.  "It will be great if we can bring back some more people."
"I'm sure you will.  We believe in you.  By the way Tim is loading the car now.  He has really worked hard on the food and drink."  She looks right at me.  "I think he even has something special packed for you."  
"I hope it's cake."  I say.
"He didnt say, but knowing Tim and how he feels about you.  I'm sure it's something you'll like."  
"Maybe we should go look."  I start to move my feet.
"Seth. Stay where you are.  Tim already has a meal for you tonight, and I think you'll like it."
"Kind of like a last supper."  I say.
"Seth, don't say that in front of Marissa."  I nod again. I guess Im getting ready for all the nodding I'll be doing the next few weeks.
"That reminds me, Marissa can you show me how to film with one of your cameras?  I think we should document this trip."
"Good thinking Seth.  That will be interesting to see when you get back."
"You mean if we get back."  I smile.
"Seth, I'm warning you."
"I'll show you how to use it Dad.  I'll give you my newest one.  The one Jason just got me."
I wanted to say I dont want anything Jason gave you, but instead I nod and say thanks.  I watch her run off to go get her camera leaving Karen and me alone. I wonder if she's proud of me for keeping my mouth shut.
"She'll be fine Seth.  I know youre worried about her."  I give her a big hug.
"I'll also be worried about you."
"Why Seth, you dont have to worry about either one of us with Jason here."  I pretend to throw a punch at her that she ducks.  We both end up laughing on the floor.  I'm not sure how long we stay that way, but the next thing I know is it's the next morning and it's time to go.  I give both Karen and Marissa a long hug.  I think I see tears in Karen's eyes but I try not notice.  I sure wouldnt want Evan and Jim to think I'm not the tough guy they think I am, especially when I'm about to spend the next few weeks with them on the road.  I'm holding Marissa's camera in my hand, luckily she gave me a quick lesson this morning.  Karen also suggested I keep a journal, which kind of surprised me because she says I have the writing skills of a third grader, but I guess it's just her way of saying she misses me.  Jim has decided to take the first driving shift and I actually feel a little misty as I look back at the suddenly fading White House.  Strange that just a few years ago, it was the symbol of world-ruling power and now it just looks like home, one I really hope we return to.  Im sitting in the back seat of the Suburban while Evan is riding shotgun.  I feel like pretending I'm in the back seat of the limo. It's almost the same size and Jim is driving me so I close my eyes for a few minutes.  When I open them again, it looks like we are in the middle of nowhere.  I mean there are overgrown trees hanging over the road and small trees are sprouting up all along the road and median.
"A little tired back there Seth?"  Evan says looking back at me and smiling.
"A late night last night."  I didnt want to tell them I spent the night on the Oval Office floor with Karen.  I wonder if any Presidents ever did that.
"What do you think?" I watch him point out the window.  "This is 66."
"Route 66?"  I cant believe it.  It looks like a forest.  I try to imagine scores of cars traveling up and down the highway.  I even see an HOV sign.  At least we qualify for that I want to say.  I wonder if we have to pay tolls.  I decide to close my eyes again and think about what it was really like in this world.  I guess it was a late night last night.  Maybe that's why the President always looked so tired.  I open my eyes every once in a while and look outside, but it almost too much to bear.  I mean the highway system was one of our greatest accomplishments and now it is going to waste. A few years from now it will be almost impossible to travel on.  I hope it isnt a few weeks from now.  We're actually doing okay.  I'm quite surprised.  I think we're traveling around forty miles an hour which isnt bad considering we're using every bit of four wheel drive this Suburban has to offer.  Jim said we will be on main roads the whole way, so maybe that will help.  I just hope they have gas stations and that thing actually works, because I think were now too far away to walk back in any amount of time.  I definitely have a new respect for Neil Armstrong.  I'll have to see if Karen wants to rent the Apollo movie when we get back.  I open my eyes again and try to read what I can see of the large green signs that fly past us and move along.  I know eventually we will end up on I40, that's the road that will take us to L.A. Jim said it starts in North Carolina, so I guess we'll have to start looking for the signs in a few hours.  I sure wish we had our GPS.  At least during my shift I'll be on I40, so the only thing I have to worry about is driving straight.  I'm a little concerned about our sleeping arrangements.  We each have a thermal sleeping bag good for 10 degrees Fahrenheit. I sure hope it doesn't get that cold.  I know we can take everything out of the back of the truck and sleep there, but I'm not used to sleeping that close to anyone else except Karen. I hope I'll be able to sleep.  I take a quick look behind me in the storage area and see all the food.  I'm actually beginning to feel a little hungry maybe I should start looking for that surprise.  I look in the front seat and Jim and Evan are both concentrating on the road, so now's my chance.  I decide not to risk it and grab a box of crackers instead.  Karen would be proud of me already.  Several hours later, we decide to make our first venture to a gas station, luckily gas doesnt age too quickly, Jim said it might be a little gummy, but that it will still pump.  I have my fingers crossed as I watch him attach is battery machine to the pump, luckily I wore my sneakers in case we need to start walking.  It's a slow process, but it looks like it is actually working, the guy really is a genius.  I try to ask him how it's going, but he doesnt answer, so I go check out the restroom, maybe I should've waited for his answer because the restroom is disgusting and I'm not talking about gas station disgusting, but way beyond. I opt for the woods instead.  This is another time I am glad God made me a man.  A few minutes later, I walk back and both Jim and Evan are smiling, so either it worked or their laughing at getting ready to tell me to start walking.  I hope it worked.
"We're full Seth?"  Evan says smiling.   I feel like jumping up and down, but I better save my energy in case next time it doesnt work.
"You ready to drive?"  Jim looks at me, so I do my usual and nod.  "I figure we have a few more hours to go till we set down for the night.  Maybe we can try to drive through the night tomorrow once we get on I40."  I nod again.  "I'll stay up front. so Evan why dont you take a break in the back."  I hope he doesnt eat all our food, or at least the special treat.  I end up driving for the next five hours till we finally stop at another gas station and Jim's thing works again so I head for the woods again, not taking any chances this time with restrooms.  I thank God I'm a man again and start looking for a place to sleep.  We decide on a field next to the gas station.  Since it's not too cold we decide to sleep out and have a campfire.  We even heat up a few cans of spaghetti.  I made sure not to let anyone else have the ones with the sausages.  And that's pretty much how it goes for the next several days.  We still havent driven through the night yet though, Jim says I40 isnt in as good condition as he thought it would be, but it looks like it's getting better, so maybe tomorrow night.  I'm kind of enjoying the campfires, I just wish Karen and Marissa were here.  I wonder if they miss me yet.  I wish my Blackberry still worked.  I'm kind of getting used to driving in the rough terrain as well.  I usually get the last afternoon shift while Jim prefers the early morning and Evan gets the dreaded after lunch shift.  I still havent found the surprise treat.  I'm not sure what I'm waiting for, but I made sure to note in my journal that I havent eaten it yet.  I hope it doesnt spoil.  Speaking of journals, I've taken to writing every morning when I'm in the back seat close to the food.  I usually have an extended breakfast, no one seems to notice.  I've also been doing a lot of filming with Marissa's camera.  It's been kind of fun, although the scenery doesnt change that much, but I'm hoping it will get better the further west we go.  We have seen quite a few birds and squirrels.  I havent seen any bears yet, but Jim claims to have seen a raccoon early one morning, and I mean early, let me tell you this guy is up early, way before Evan or me.  I'm not sure what he does at that hour and I'm not sure I really want to know.  I used to hear him whenever he would get up, but now I just sleep through it.  Maybe I can try that when I get back home when Karen decides to have one of her early mornings.  


Chapter 41


Well it's been almost a week and we're finally in Arizona, Jim was right the road did actually get better the further west we went.  He tried to explain it to me, but I didnt understand so I just nodded again.  I wonder if he's getting used to that yet.  We haven't had to sleep outside since the first few nights.  We're driving through the night now.  We just take turns sleeping in the back seat.  I've driven two overnights and both times I actually stayed awake, Karen will be so happy, so I made sure to highlight it in my journal.  Yes, I'm still keeping this thing.  I hope someone actually reads it.  I'm also still filming everything, at least when it's light.  I thought about asking Jim and Evan if they want to go see the Grand Canyon, so I could get some good footage, but they both said no. I hope that doesnt mean they're getting tired of my company.  I just finished my driving shift, so I'm seated in the back seat.  I figure I'll sleep for a little while and then when Jim stops to use his gas thing, I'll take a look around in the back for the surprise.  I think I've waited long enough.  Yes, Jim's invention has worked every time.  I think he's had to replace the batteries several times, though I think it recharges from the car's battery.  I hope we have an extra one with us.  I just hope we get back.  I really miss the White House, especially Tim and the bowling alley, and of course Karen and Marissa, please dont tell them I put it in that order though.  Finally a few hours later I think I open my eyes feeling the Suburban come to a stop. I look out the window and see we are in the parking lot of an Exxon.  I used to recommend their stock a few years ago. I wonder what their value is now that we're stealing gas. I quickly hop out and go to the tree line.  I'm still avoiding most restrooms though I did find out about a little secret a few stops back, most gas stations have an employee bathroom that's actually usable even after a few years.  I quickly get back to the Suburban and watch as Jim does his thing.  I know I have plenty of time because his machine works slowly and the Suburban has a huge gas tank.  I think this one even has an extra tank because it was used by the Secret Service at one time.  I know the limo does too, another argument for taking that, maybe next time.  I start digging through the coolers and boxes of food.  Our coolers are actually plugged into the truck to keep them cool.  Luckily, we still have plenty of food left.  Tim has everything labeled too, so we know which one to open on which day.  I really miss that guy.  I've almost got everything out of the back.  I hope Jim and Evan dont see what I'm doing or they'll want to kill me.  Hopefully if I find what I'm looking for they will be happy.  I finally find a cooler that's not labeled with a specific day, so I decide to take a peek inside.  As soon as I open the lid I feel like I am in front of an oasis.  I must be screaming out loud because I both Jim and Evan are looking at me and shaking their heads, but I dont stop because in front of me is something I haven't seen in a week.  This is nothing any camera could ever capture or journal describe. It is a living and breathing chocolate cake.  I even think it's a Black Forrest.  I rip it out of the cooler and grab a piece and place it into my mouth.  It feels like the greatest day of my life.  Okay I know I'm probably a little too excited, but hey I've been in a car for a week now without my Presidential Seal comforter or anything.  I start to put things back in when I notice Evan and Jim behind me.
"What have you got there?"
"It's Black Forrest."  I mutter hoping they dont see there's only half left.
"Let's break it out.  I could use some cake.  What do you think Jim?"
"None for me."  I almost drop the cake hearing him say that and at the same time I'm happy.  I quickly cut out a piece for Evan who gulps it down and heads back to the driver's seat.  I watch Jim hop in the passenger side, so I put the last few boxes into the back and carry my cake.  I set it down next to me.  It's almost looking at me and saying what are you waiting for, so I take another bite.  I'm not sure how many pieces I have, but the next thing I know I wake up a few hours later and my stomach hurts.  I can already hear Karen's voice in my head telling me she told me so. I do miss her.  I look over at the cake and I cant believe it's gone.  Maybe Evan had another piece and Jim finally came around I tell myself, but my stomach tells me something different.  I'm glad when Jim finally stops again. I'm also happy to see a sign that says California is only twenty miles away. I cant believe we actually made it, now the question is will we make it back.  I slug down a bottle of water and feel a little better. I guess I'll miss dinner tonight.  Im driving the night shift tonight and according to Jim we should be in L.A. sometime tomorrow.  Lizzie provided us with maps and where she thought the people might be.   We tried to get her to come with us. I cant possibly understand why she didnt want to go.  We stop for gas in the morning and I let Evan take over behind the wheel.  Jim said I should be able to get a few hours of sleep before we get to L.A.  I remind him of the traffic problems they have out here, but he doesnt think that is funny, maybe he should've had a piece of cake to lighten him up, too bad it's all gone.  Well I wake up to Jim and Evan cheering, mostly Evan, we are in L.A.  We really made it.  I still feel like we've landed on the moon and now we have the most difficult part in front of us, getting back.  I still have my fingers crossed.  We're already on 110. I know Lizzie said she thinks Charles was talking about the place near the Staples Center.  I thought about suggesting we take in a Laker's game since we're in town, but seeing how my other joke didnt go over well, I figured I wouldnt try another one.  I've been to L.A. before and I dont remember it looking like this before.  The streets are vacant and overgrown like everything else.  Up ahead I see the big dome covered circle, I figure that must be the Staples Center, so we must be close.  It's hard to believe there's anyone alive out here.  I'm wondering if we just wasted a trip and more importantly our time.  Jim and Evan still look hopeful, so I try and keep an open mind and a closed mouth as Karen would say.  Once again her influence reaches from the other side of the country.  We dont really have a plan except just to explore and try and find some sign of life.  It's hard to believe we're doing all this on the word of a crazy guy who shot and killed some of us, but we have no choice, at least that's what we figure.  We pull off the exit and onto the side roads.  I'm looking for an underground prison that's supposed to be nearby.  I'm not quite sure how well see it if it's underground, but I guess we'll figure that out once we start walking.  I think it's time for a snack.  I should've saved some of that surprise.  Jim parks the Suburban in a small parking lot in front of what looks like an old office complex.  There are a few letters left above the doorway, it looks like it may have housed a Merrill Lynch office but I'm not quite sure.  Maybe I should go in and see if I can find out what the Dow closed at.  We all climb out of the truck and look at the map Jim is holding.  It looks like we are right on location, but everything is definitely quiet around here. I look in the window of the office and instantly feel a bond with those who worked in there. It looks like a brokerage house.  I recognize the messy desks and flat screen TV's hanging in every corner.  I can actually picture the stock scroll running across the bottom of them.   I wonder what my old co-workers would think of me now being Director and living in the White House and all.  
"I say we split up and check out a few blocks each way."  Jim says pointing at his map.  I nod my head.
"I'll go over there."  Evan points behind the Merrill Lynch building.
"I guess I'll head that way."  I point towards the Staples Center.  It's a few blocks over, but I can see the top.
"How about we meet up back here in a few hours?"  Both Evan and I nod.  I grab my backpack and fill it up with a few snacks and bottles of water, Karen's idea.  I guess she knows I like to eat.  I slowly walk down the street looking in each window I can get to and see no sign of life. In fact, there seems to be more growth of the bushes and even palm trees out here than back east, must be the nicer weather.  I wonder why they didnt build the White House out here maybe that could be my first act of business if I get re-elected.  I think palm trees would add something to the Rose Garden.  As I work my way down the street I look to my right and there is nothing but empty parking lots for the Staples Center.  It looks like it goes on for miles and there's not a car in the lot.  I wonder if parking's a premium out here too. I decide to take a look inside maybe I'll see Jack Nicholson.  Of course the doors are locked, so I continue on down the road and there is no one to be seen.  After a few hours and a few snacks I decide to return, I see Jim and Evan sitting on the back of the Suburban eating.  I hope they're not eating any of my food.  I join them and we decide to head again in a different area.  We continue this for the rest of the day and decide to sleep out in a nearby grass field.  I cook hot dogs on the fire and tell ghost stories, okay I dont really tell any ghost stories or at least no one listens, but we do enjoy the hot dogs.  I wish Tim had packed some s' mores.   We stay up talking about our plans for the next day for several hours and decide to keep venturing out further and further.  I'm really starting to have my doubts about anyone really being left out here.  I know we've only been here one day and it's a big city but it just doesnt feel as though there is any life.  We haven't even seen a bird or squirrel yet.  Finally I fall asleep and wake up the next morning feeling damp and tired, Jim is already up.  I told you the guy never sleeps.  We decide to spend the morning driving through the city block by block and then the afternoon walking.  We spend hours going up and down one street after another and dont see anything.  Evan even asked me if I was sure Charles said there were people out here.  I wanted to say it's a little too late to ask that dont you think, but I dont instead I write in my journal, that's my thing now.  I wonder if I can mail what I have so far to Karen.  Well it's been several days now and we just arent seeing anyone and we have driven and walked through most of the city, we even found the Max and the underground housing project Lizzie talked about and it was empty. I keep trying to think where I would go if I was out here and the obvious answer is Malibu where the big houses are.  I have Jim drive through there and Beverly Hills and every other exclusive zip code in the area and we dont see anyone.  We are going to have to head back soon, because food is going to be an issue soon and you know how important that is.  Jim wants us to spend a few more days driving and then another day or two walking around back where we started because that's where Lizzie suggested.  We decide after a few more days of doing this that we will head back sometime tomorrow night, of course I have the first shift, so I'm trying to get some sleep tonight.  I look out at the darkened skyline of the city.  You can still tell its Los Angeles, despite the darkness.  The skyline is familiar.  I use my flashlight and write a few short notes in my journal. It is getting really thick now, I just hope Karen will be able to read my writing, maybe shell like this better than all those mystery novels, I hope so.  Well I wake up the next morning fairly rested for once, I guess because Im excited to be going back home.  I even stretched out my bowling arm this morning. After breakfast, we decide to split up and take one more look around and then go back home.  I head back in the same direction that I started in the first day, kind of like a farewell walk. I'm sure it will be our last time out here or anywhere for that matter.  I casually walk down the street looking in windows again.  I even peek inside the Merrill Lynch building again just to make sure the market isnt open.  It looks quiet, so it must be a light trading day.  I miss those, those were the days I actually got to catch up with my clients and ask about their kids. They all like talking about their kids even if they dont have any I learned.  I approach the Staples Center again.  It just looks so ominous sitting there so vacant and such a waste of resources.  I check the doors again and they're locked, but I decide to jump a small fence that looks like it leads to a maintenance door.  Maybe I can shoot some hoops if I get in.  I have Marissa's camera with me so I could take some shots of me on the floor.  I know Karen would love to see that.  I'm actually able to get inside somewhere in the basement.  I feel my adrenaline kick in a little thinking about getting on the court.  I haven't played basketball since high school, but I love the NBA.  I wonder if I can dunk.  A few minutes later after multiple stairs and hallways I am standing on the edge of the floor.  It looks so sleek the hardwood shining brightly at me, and it is partially lit from the sunlight shining through the roof.  Luckily I found a basketball in the last hallway.  I step onto the court and instantly feel like Kobe Bryant, not sure if I look like him though.  I bounce the ball and it springs back at me so quickly.  I never played on a floor like this. I take a few steps towards the hoop and bounce one off the rim.  I step back and launch a few more shots.  I'm starting to get my shot back.  I decide to take one from the three point line, it's further than you think.  I toss it up and watch it swish through the hoop.  I pretend to hear the crowd cheering as I step to the free throw line.  The game is on the line with no time left.  I take two bounces look at the hoop and shoot.  It bounces around and goes through.  We have won the game.  I began to yell and cheer, but suddenly stop when I hear someone clapping behind me.  I look back and dont see anyone. I must be imagining things, so I take another shot and I hear more clapping.  It must be Evan.  I feel kind of embarrassed we're supposed to be looking for people.  I hope he doesnt tell Jim.  I start to walk off the court and look up and see four people I have never seen before in the stands standing up and clapping. 


 
Chapter 42   


I quickly run off the court and jog up the stairs to where they are standing.  I cant believe it, I have found someone.  It looks like three men.  They are about thirty rows up and I reach them pretty quickly, I'm glad Karen got me riding that bike.
"Hey guys."  I yell out.  I instantly size them up making sure they dont have any sticks or anything.  Two of them appear to be in their thirties or forties and the other one who is African American looks a little older.  The older one shakes my hand.  He has a firm handshake.  I may have to ask him where he works out.
"Where did you come from?"  The older man asks. He has a soft gentle voice.  I shake the others hands too.  I guess they all work out.
"We came out from D.C. to see if anyone is living out here.  I can't believe I found you.  We are getting ready to leave tonight."
"There's a lot more of us.  We've been living here for a couple of years.  I'm so excited about finding these guys.
"Are you guys from the underground housing?"
"Yes, how did you know?"
"We had a bunch of people come to us in D.C. a while back."
"They lived out here with us for a while.  You know they're prisoners from the Max."  I nod.  "The one guy, the big one said he knew there were people living in the White House and he talked them into going there with them.  That must have been you guys."
"What about you?"  I look at all three of them.
"We were just glad they left.  I hope they didnt cause too many problems for you."
"If you only knew," I answer.  "Most of them didnt make it.  I think only three of them survived."
"From the bus ride?"
"No from the virus."  The older man looks at the other two who just shrug.
"I thought the virus was gone."
"It was till they started poking around in our lab and opened a different version of it. They almost killed all of us."  I watch as all three shake their heads.
"Sorry to hear that.  So how did you know we were out here?"
"The big one, Charles said right before he died that there were more people out here."
"You didn't take that bus did you?"  I shake my head.  "I'm surprised they actually survived the ride."
"It looked pretty bad.  We have a scientist with us who rigged up a Suburban for us."  I look back down at the floor and smile seeing the Laker's logo gleaming back up at us.  "So, how many of you are there?"  The older man closes his eyes for a second.
"There are about twenty-five of us.  We all live here in the Staples Center, been here for about a year now."  
"Have you seen anyone else?"  All three shake their heads no.
"Not since the prisoners left."
"How did you guys survive?" 
"We were living in the houses next to the prison.  It was an experiment that we all got in at a good price, but I guess it saved our lives."  I  nod.  "How about you? 
         "I was out at sea with my family on vacation.  Apparently, there was a small spot in the Atlantic that the virus didnt hit.  We have twenty-eight now.  We lost a lot of people from Charles and them coming back."
"Why dont you come meet the rest of us?"  I follow them down the stairs and into one of the tunnels.  I pretend to give high fives to the fans leaning over.  Luckily, no one sees me.  A few minutes later, we enter into what I think is one of the locker rooms and there are a dozen or so people. They look surprised to see me.  I hope it's not all the gray hair. I meet each one and they lead me to another locker room and a private club area must be a VIP one, and I thought the White House was nice.  No wonder these guys didnt come on the bus.  After about an hour, I meet everyone and I take Connell, he's the older African American man with the nice voice and we take a walk to where Jim and Evan are supposed to be.  A few minutes later we arrive to a surprised Jim and Evan.  Jim actually jumps up and down.  I cant believe the guy actually has emotions.  After introductions, we all walk back towards the arena and meet up with everyone else.  They cook us up some lunch.   Apparently they found a trove of tuna cans so we have tuna sandwiches.  Their bread is pretty good.  I may have to have Tim talk to them.  We spend the next few hours talking and comparing our situations.  It's amazing how much we have in common.  The big difference is most of the survivors here have their families whereas, the only family we have is mine, lucky me.  I really miss them.  I hope Marissa isnt spending too much time with Jason.  I'm not sure when we're going back now that we found our new friends.  We decide to spend the night in the arena.  They actually put us in the club section.  I can't believe we're actually not going to sleep in a sleeping bag and we have lights.  I'm not sure how they have electricity, Jim seems to understand.  It's limited but it's enough to see. Funny thing is I was so wrapped up in pretending to be Kobe Bryant earlier I didn't even notice the dim lights.  I can't believe how well I sleep.  When I wake up the next morning, I actually feel refreshed though Im not too happy about tuna in the morning, but I dont complain.  I wish I had more of my treat left.  We spend the next few days discussing plans and finally we convince them to come back with us to D.C.  Trust me it wasn't easy, I mean they have it pretty well out here, tuna, nice weather and basketball what else could they possibly want.  Apparently, the deciding factor is the electricity issue.  One of them was a former electrician and he gathered all the generators he could find in the L.A. area, trust me there are a lot of them. Somehow he has made them last, but there days are running out.  Today, we're going to go to a Chevy dealer and pick up a bunch of Suburban's to take back home.  I hope we get a good deal.  After a few more days of getting everything ready, we decide to make the journey.  Jim and the electrician were able to rig up a few more of those things to get gas from the pumps. I imagine it's going to be a long trip home. I just hope the food lasts, though they have brought a lot of tuna.  We head out early in the morning, our vehicle is the lead.  I bring up the expression "the scenery never changes if youre not the lead dog", but Jim doesn't seem to appreciate it so I start nodding again. He seems to like that much better. After a few hours our caravan makes its first stop at a gas station.  I immediately disappear into the tree line.  I wonder if the others know about the filthy restrooms.  After I'm finished I walk back to the second Suburban, its the one Connell is in.  He's seated in the front seat with the door open next to his wife Maura.  She's as sweet as can be.  I'm sure Karen is going to like both of them too.
"So what do you think?"
"So far so good," Connell says looking at his wife.  Her hair is completely gray, but she doesnt have a wrinkle on her face.  She's beautiful. Maybe Karen will appreciate my gray hair a little more now.  They have two grown kids who had both moved to Chicago a few years ago and perished in the virus.
"So how long does this gas filling take?"
"About thirty minutes.  I'm glad we have a few of them now."
"Yeah, I think Brent was happy to help.  He's been keeping our lights going."
"I cant wait till we get there.  Youre going to love everyone."  I dont tell them I'm the Director yet.  Besides Jim said he was going to add more wind and solar power to open up the rest of the Blair House to make room for our new guests. I hope none of them want my quarters.  We were already been kicked out once.  "I think we're going to drive straight through a few nights and then stop and sleep out.  We usually have a campfire.  it's kind of fun."
"We're looking forward to it."
"Thank you for coming all the way out here Seth." Maura says looking at me.  I wonder if I should tell her it's Director Seth, but I pretend Karen is right next to me, so I dont say anything.  "You guys are very kind."  I nod and tell her it was no problem, despite how much I miss my bowling.  
"So tell me about Charles."  Connell asks.  I look around and it looks like we are going to be here a while longer filling up, so I explain the whole scenario of how he left and then returned opening fire on us and killing some of our people.  I watch as both Connell and Maura frown.  A little while later we get back on our way. A convoy of Suburban's making their way slowly across the country. I wonder if I should start recommending Chevrolet's stock. We continue driving and stopping like this for almost three days, then we finally stop for the night.  I start a campfire and roast hot dogs.  Luckily, Jim packed some extras.  We even have potato chips, must be a nice break from tuna, though they did bring it out and place it next to the campfire.  Finally after close to nine days we cross the border into Virginia.  I cant believe it, we are almost back.  I'm so excited.  I cant wait to see Karen and Marissa.  I'm exhausted and am really looking forward to a good night's sleep under my Presidential Seal blanket.  I cheer as we take a turn onto Pennsylvania Avenue.  I think even Jim smiles.  He probably can't wait to get back in that lab of his.  I wonder if he'll let Brent in there too.  They did a great job in getting us back here, especially filling up all these trucks.  I wonder if Karen can hear the rumbling of us coming.  It's around 2:00PM, so everyone should be wide awake.  I hope Marissa is okay.  We finally make the last turn, I can see the gate.  We drive right on through remember we're the lead dog.  I look behind us and most of the rest of the rest of the group parks outside the gate.  I'll have to let them know we dont have Secret Service.  I jump out of the backseat, yes Jim took the last driving shift and run towards the side door opposite the Old Executive Building.  As soon as I take the first step, I see Karen standing inside the door.  I feel my heart begin to crumble. It's like I'm seeing her for the first time.  I immediately grab hold of her and even lift her off her feet, till she tells me to put here down. I guess some things will never change.  A minute later, Marissa and yes, Jason come out followed by the rest.  Even a few of the babies are brought out.  I hope they dont cry.  I give Marissa a giant hug. I try and lift her off her feet too, but both Karen and Jason shake their heads no.  I want to say something to Jason but Karen convinces me to let it go, so instead I introduce them to our new guests.  It looks like Karen and Maura are hitting it off.  Hopefully, they can become good friends of ours, maybe we can vacation together.  I wonder if she likes Connell's voice as much as I do.  I think we all stand around and talk for about an hour till Karen suggests to me I might need to take a shower, so I nod in agreement.  We decide to all meet back for dinner and I go look for Tim right away.  Karen is right behind me, despite my foul odor and all.  Jason and Marissa lead all of our newest members to the various rooms we have setup for sleeping.  I tell them the private quarters are off-limits and to let them know we'll get the Blair House going as soon as possible.  I find Tim sitting at the kitchen table. He's a man of few words but he seems happy to see me, so I give him a big hug too and he doesnt even say anything about the smell, what a guy.  He immediately jumps up and hands me a bag of cookies and a can of spaghetti.  I told you I missed this guy.  I let him know about dinner tonight and he starts getting stuff out from the pantry, so I decide to head up to the shower and then maybe take a little nap.  I begin walking down the hall remembering the bowling alley till I feel a powerful set of hands on my back steer me towards the stairs, how does she always know?       


Chapter 43


Well I wake up to a kiss on my forehead from Karen who tells me it's time for dinner.  I must smell a lot better because she gives me a nice hug too.  I really missed her.
"Thanks for coming back safely Seth."  She gives me another kiss.
"I hope this is my last business trip.  The hotel service is getting worse and worse every time."
"Oh Seth."
"Remind me later to show you my journal. I think I wrote something every day."
"I can't wait to read it and hear all about your trip.  It was so quiet here without you."  I pull the comforter up a little.  "Jason and Marissa were such a big help though.  Especially Jason, he looked after Marissa so well."
"I'm sure he did," I mumble.
"He's a great kid Seth.  Just give him a chance.  Are you ready for one of Tim's great meals?"  I slowly slide the comforter down a little and sit up, jumping out of bed.  "I guess you are."  She looks at me closely.  "By the way, how was the cake?"
"It was great."  I figure I better not tell her, I ate almost the whole thing and Jim didn't have any.
"You didnt eat it the first day did you?"
"No, we waited till about half way. I even wrote it down in my journal."
"I was so worried about you, but I knew you would come home to us."  She gives me another kiss.  "Thanks Seth."
"Maybe I should take another trip."  Karen shakes her head no.
"Let's go eat."  I quickly throw some different clothes on and follow Karen down the hall.  We pass Marissa's room and it looks like she has already left.  A few minutes later, we step into the dining room.  It is full of people. It's a nice feeling to see all these faces again at the White House.  I immediately spot Connell and Maura and take Karen over to them.  We chat for a minute before someone announces it's time to eat.  I watch two of the women from L.A. assist Tim in bringing the food out.  We have bread rolls.  I cant believe it. Karen always gets on me for filling up on bread before dinner, but she isnt looking so I keep eating.  I knew having Maura here would be a nice thing.  Finally the main course comes out. Its some kind of grilled vegetable patties with a rich creamy sauce and fresh vegetables from Tim's garden. No tuna.  It's the best dinner I have ever eaten.  After about an hour of eating and talking, Tim brings out the highlight of the night. The biggest chocolate cake I have ever seen.  Even I know I can't eat the whole thing.  I feel like I'm salivating at the mouth and maybe I am because Karen nudges my knee and tells me to calm down.  I really have missed her.  Finally the cake comes down to our end of the table and I cut myself a nice size piece to the dismay of Karen.  Even Connell and Maura look surprised at the piece so I know it must be impressive.  I carefully look around the table and study each face.  I see Marissa and Jason snuggling up to each other, is it just me or do they seem closer since we have come back.  I'll have to check with Karen later.  We all remain here for the next hour enjoying ourselves and the dessert.  I was even able to sneak a second piece when Karen went over to talk to Marissa for a few minutes.  Finally we decide to call it a night.  Karen suggests we take a walk outside with Jason and Marissa.  I have my mind on the bowling alley, but I agree to go since I have been away for so long.  As soon as we step outside, I sense something is up because they are both acting a little antsy.  I wonder if they have another surprise. I dont think Tim would bring another cake out here, but I try to sniff to see if I can smell anything.  Marissa taps me on the shoulder and tells me to come with her.  I watch Karen and Jason walk in the other direction.
"Dad, I'm so glad youre back.  I missed you so much."  I lean down and give her another big hug.
"I'm so glad to be back too Honey.  I'm glad youre feeling all better."  I see her look down at her feet.
"That's the thing Dad.  I'm not feeling so great anymore."
"What?"  I feel my stomach begin to lurch maybe I did have too much cake again.
"Especially in the mornings Dad."  I feel my heart catch up with my stomach.  "Jason and I are going to have a baby."
"What?"  Nothing else comes out of my mouth.  I look for Karen, but she's nowhere to be seen.  I dont know what to do.  I feel like I'm going to explode.
"DadDadare you okay?"
"What?  Youre pregnant?"  She nods her head and smiles.  "Does Mom know?"
"Of course she's so happy.  Youre going to be great grandparents."  Now I know why Karen took Jason out of my sight.  I'm not sure what to do, so I just stand there.
"What about"  She immediately cuts me off.
"Dont worry Dad.  We're going to get married before, actually way before.  Mom and I were thinking next month."
"What?"  I say again.  She gives me a hug.  I think I hug her back, but I'm not sure because the next thing I know Karen and Jason are holding me up from behind.
"I think he took it well."  Karen says to Marissa and Jason.  "We're thinking of a Rose Garden ceremony.  It should be beautiful this time of year."  I try to picture Marissa in a bridal gown.  I dont know whether to cry or run. I feel like running, but Karen nods her head at me so I lean forward and give Marissa another great big hug. I'm careful not to lean against her belly causing everyone to laugh.
"You'll be the best grandfather Mr. Winston."  Jason says smiling.  I look at Karen and she nods at me again.  I look at Jason and then back at Karen.  Not sure how long we do this, but she nods again so I reach out and shake Jason's hand. I even congratulate him.  I look at Karen and she is still nodding, so I'm not sure what comes over me but I grab Jason and give him a tight bear hug.  A minute later, Karen and Marissa join in.  I'm not sure if we're all crying or laughing, but I have never felt this happy in my entire life and I never want to let go.  A few hours later, I'm lying in bed next to Karen.  
"Seth."  She whispers.  "Why are you still up?"
"I'm trying to think if I should have the little fellow call me grandpa, boppa, or pop and what I should wear to the wedding.  Do you think we should hire a wedding planner?"
"Oh Seth, I love you so much."
'"I love you too Karen, but from now on please call me Grandpa Seth."
























