The Land of Flora

By Marie Springberry

Copyright 2013 Marie Springberry

Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.



Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1 Ken and Megs Flight
Chapter 2 The Garden of Peace
Chapter 3 At the City
Chapter 4 Unexpected Welcome
Chapter 5 The Feast of Eclipse
Chapter 6 The Story of Fair Lady
Chapter 7 Dream and True Song
Chapter 8 Acceptance of Fate
Chapter 9 Tulitta
Chapter 10 Megs Voyage
Chapter 11 Mishap at the Castle
Chapter 12 Sakuratta
Chapter 13 Difference in Perspectives
Chapter 14 Sounds of War
Chapter 15 Magic and Farewell
Chapter 16 The Fate
Epilogue



Prologue

In the beginning, everything was Empty.
Emptiness seemed to last forever, and ever.

Suddenly, sweet fragrance filled the Emptiness.
And from nowhere, five flower petals appeared.
A beautiful petal of Rose.
A powerful petal of Tulip.
A fragile petal of Sakura.
A brave petal of Daffodil.
A cheerful petal of Violet.
They drew spirals in the Emptiness,
And came together as One Flower.

The petals of the Flower then started to rotate,
Slowly and slowly, recognizing the new Bond.

Suddenly, the movement came to a halt.
And there appeared in the middle of the Flower,
A Lady with breathtaking beauty.
The sweet fragrance became stronger and stronger.

The Lady then whispered into the Emptiness
Emptiness is the beginning of Everything.
Everything, everything
Her whisper resonated through the Emptiness
And grew louder and louder
Emptiness is the beginning of everything
Everything, everything

Lo! The Emptiness suddenly started to prepare itself
To become Everything.
Lo! The Air started to fill the Emptiness.
Lo! The Water emerged in the Emptiness.
Answering to the Call by the Fair Lady.

The Fair Lady was smiling on the Flower,
Waiting for the Moment to come.

When Everything was ready to sustain Life,
The Flower started to descend gradually.
Until it touched the Water gently.
And the petals of the Flower each became a Land.

Then, the Fair Lady proclaimed
Here the Land of Flora begins! May it last peacefully forever!

Lo! Five shining Stones appeared in the Air.
Pink, red, white, purple, and yellow.
The Lady took the Stones from the Air
And threw each Stone onto each Land.

Then, the Fair Lady disappeared into the Air.

So, the Land of Flora was Created,
By the Words of the Fair Lady.
The Land of Rosetta,
The Land of Tulitta,
The Land of Sakuratta,
The Land of Violetta,
The Land of Daffolitta,
Together they formed a Union.
Under the name of the Fair Lady.

The Land of Flora was to last Peacefully,
Forever and ever.



Chapter 1: Ken and Megs Flight

The sky concealed something hostile behind the thick layers of clouds. This particular flight from New York to Tokyo might have been doomed in the first place. It was supposed to depart from John F. Kennedy at 2 oclock in the afternoon. But the sudden and harsh thunderstorm prevented its take-off, and the 131 passengers had been waiting for nearly an hour at the runway, crammed in the slender aircraft. 
Hey, how long will you make us wait?
I have an important business meeting in Tokyo!
As time went by, the main cabin started to ring with irritating complaints by grumpy passengers.
My baby is crying. Do something!
Ive been waiting for my drink for half an hour!
Isnt this high-tech plane supposed to fly in an extreme weather condition?
The complaints were dealt by inexperienced cabin attendants, whose superficial smiles failing to conceal their true feelings. Outside the plane, the wind was getting even stronger, as if to claim the triumph of natural force over human technology.
When the voltage of the complaints was at its highest, the frustrated pilot finally got the clearance.
Thank you for flying with We are now ready for departure. Please fasten your seat belt. We apologize for our unexpected delay. Our new landing time will be.
Listening to the dull announcement in the business cabin, Ken and Meg were experiencing a very mixed feeling about the planes take-off. They were happy because the long waiting time was finally over. They were unhappy because they knew they wouldnt come back to New York for some years once they waved good-bye to the airport. Ken, who was wearing a T-shirt of his favorite rock band over his jeans, was a 15-year-old boy with a somewhat grown-up air. He was sitting in the window seat, looking down the now fast disappearing runway. Beside him in the aisle seat was Kens elder sister Meg. She was wearing a pale pink dress with a flower pattern. She had just had her 19th birthday, but her girlish style and expression made her look much younger. In fact, if someone saw the brother and sister together, that person would think Ken was older than Meg by a few years. Their father was a CEO of one of the leading technology companies in Japanthats why Ken and Meg were in the business cabin. They were on their way to Tokyo to see their father for the first time in seven years. To be more precise, they were not only going to see their father, but were going to live with him, at least until they both graduate from university. 
Well, I guess this is it, said Ken. We are now heading to our new home country.
I cant believe well be in a totally different country when we wake up, commented Meg. 
It shouldnt be that bad. Kens voice was not convincing. We are not going to live in a remote village in the Sahara.
You know what Im talking about, retorted Meg.
Umm Ken produced an ambiguous grunt.
I know Japan is not that different from the US these days. They have advanced technology and stuff like that. But what about traditional cultures of Japan? I know almost nothing about Samurai, or Kabuki, or Kado
I dont think people of our age are that much interested in traditional cultures any more. Well, at least business people in Tokyo are not dressed in kimono, right? Youve seen Tokyo a lot on CNN, havent you?
But what about language? I only studied Japanese for a year in my high school, and that was four years ago.
Sis, weve gone through this talk before. You will be fine. How many times do I have to remind you that youre going to a bilingual university?
But, its not totally in English, right? Bilingual means that I need to speak Japanese
Ive told you many times that you can take classes offered in English. I guess you didnt read the curriculum. Didnt I tell you that you should have a look through it so that youd feel better?
It was too painful for me to even open that envelope. Besides, you read it for me No, no. I cant accept the idea that I will be studying with Japanese speaking people. I wont be able to make any friends. What shall I do? Megs voice was now starting to tremble.
OK, my big sister. Ken made an audible sigh. Theres nothing we can do about it. You know Japanese at least better than me. And Im going to a totally Japanese high school. If one of us is going to have trouble with the language, thatd be me.
But still, how can I get around without literacy in Japanese? Megs shaky voice was now getting higher.
Calm down, Sis. We will try to adapt to that society together, OK? Im always with you. And youre always with me.
Yeah Thanks, Ken. I wish I wasnt the older one. Meg remarked. Ken wanted to say that he was always feeling like the older one, but thought better of it. Instead he just said,
Everything will be all right, though he wasnt sure about what would happen to them in Japan either. Actually, there was one important piece of information Ken had not shared with Meg. They had received a letterthough Ken thought it was an instructionfrom their father two months ago. That letter, which Meg refused to read by herself, contained a list of things the two should do before leaving the US, and the things they would do after they arrived in Japan. Meg was supposed to be responsible for the paperwork in the US, but because her nerve was not stable, Ken had to do it almost all by himself, from cancelling the housing contract to calling a cab to the airport. He did read out the list for half-listening Meg, but he hesitated at the final line of the what-to-do-in-Japan list. It said, I will introduce Meg to a son of another big company in Japan. Our company and their company are considering the possibility of merging. Ken was not entirely sure about the intention of his father, but it seemed to him that his father was possibly trying to have Meg marry a son of another company so that his fathers business would run better. As Ken was worried how Meg would take it, Ken had decided not to tell her about it at that time. As there was nothing the two could do about it at that time, Ken did not want to overwhelm Meg with more troubling news than necessary.
Now on the plane, Ken was wondering if he had made the right decision. Meg could have remained in New York by herself because she was already 19, but Ken knew she was not ready for that. She had always been a dreamy kind of girl, reading fantasy novels as being her only passion. Moreover, ever since that tragedy happened to them, she seemed as if she were living in another world. Ken hoped and believed that Meg would feel better once she got accustomed to her new life in Japan. Besides, his father had already told them in the letter that if they were to ignore him and remained in the US, he would stop sending money to them. It was a crucial matter as the two had been raised in an affluent circumstance. As for Ken, he still needed at least high school education, and he needed assistance from his father to do so. Besides, Ken, unlike Meg, loved adventure, and he was eager to experience a different culture despite the anxiety. Ken believed that his father had asked them to come to Japan because he really wanted to live with them. Ken was also hoping that their fathers plan of Megs dating was one of his best jokes. The two had only seen their father a few times a year since their parents divorced 12 years ago. Their father would always meet his children when he came to New York on a business trip from Japan. The three then had a joyful dinner at a cozy French restaurant. Their mother never joined that meal, and they never asked what had happened between their parents. So, the two only knew how their parents had met.
Their parents were both Japanese-Americans who had grown up in New York. Their mother was a famous dance instructor, and their father was a young successful business man at the Wall Street. They met and fell in love at a caf near the Empire State Building. Soon, there was a fine wedding ceremony which also appeared on newspaper, and Megs birth followed after a year. It seemed the life of the newly-wed couple was full of hope. Then, Ken was born four years after. It seemed it was around this time when tension began to rise between their parents. When Ken turned three, and Meg seven, their father went on a business trip to Japan, and declared divorce soon afterwards. 
Ken vaguely remembered the last time he met their father. It was the October seven years ago on a chilly day with the hint of winter already in the wind. They had dinner together as usual. But, when they waved good-bye to their father, their father told them that they wouldnt be seeing him again. Ken remembered his father as a cheerful guy with a good sense of humor. Ken always wanted to see him again. Once, he tried to buy a plane ticket to Japan, and realized he did not know where their father lived. It was only when Ken opened the letter from his father that he learned their father had been sending money to the family. 
I wish a magician appears now and takes us somewhere outside of this world, remarked Meg abruptly, and Ken was drawn back to the present.
Ken wanted to say Its never going to happen, but phrased it in a different way and said,
Well, I guess we have to get going.
This apparently was not a satisfactory answer for Meg. She said,
Oh, Im so worried, Ken. Everything has gone wrong since The rest of Megs words were covered by her sudden sob.
 he finished the line in his mind. He knew Megs sorrow too well because her sorrow was his sorrow. He patted Meg gently, trying to calm her down. Soon she fell asleep, tired from using so much energy for exploding her emotions. Ken gently wiped with his hand the traces of tears on her face. He then closed his eyes and started to recall the events which had happened to them over the past few months.
That was a very cold and foggy morning. Meg and Ken left for school at 7:30 as usual, wishing their mother to have a good day. Ken still remembered the sweet smile on their mothers face. Have a nice day! she said to them, and neither of the sister and brother could imagine that would be the last words they would hear from their beloved mother. At 10 oclock, Ken was writing a math exam, trying to draw a right graph for quadratic function. That was when the door of the room opened suddenly. Ken was called. He was taken to the principals office, and was told that the most unfortunate event had happened. His mother had been driving to her dance studio, and at the intersection of the two major streets of NY, a wild car crashed into her car. He was told that the light of his mothers life extinguished on the spot. Ken would never forget the scene at the mortuary of the hospital. When he saw his mothers askew face, he knew his life would not be the same again. He had taken his mothers presence for grantedwaking him up, cooking for him, waving him a have-a-nice-day, and smiling for him. He regretted the every moment he resisted his kind mother. Ken could not cry as the shock was too overwhelming. Meg came in 10 minutes later. She shouted Mom! and collapsed with sorrow. It was at this time when Ken became determined that he would be the one to protect Meg.
The funeral was carried out on a sweet day in April. As Ken and Meg did not have any relatives in NY, their neighbors kindly helped them make necessary arrangements. At the cemetery, cherry blossoms were at full bloom, embracing the living and the dead in the soft fragrance.
It was right after the funeral when the mail carrier knocked the door of Ken and Megs apartment. Ken had no idea how he did so, but their father knew of his former wifes death. The police officers had probably contacted him, as their mother still had not removed her former husband from the contact list on her mobile phone. In any way, their father had asked the children to come to Japan. So here they were, on the plane
Ken gradually fell asleep beside his sweet sister.
***
Suddenly, the plane started to shake wildly.
Ken opened his eyes and found the cabin attendants shouting over the microphone, Please remain seated, and make sure your seatbelt is securely fastened! Ken looked right, and his eyes met with the worried eyes of Megs. It will be OK, Sis. He said, though he had no idea what was going on.
And the plane started to lose height rapidly.
Very, very rapidly.
Meg and Ken thought they saw a bright light before everything went dark.



Chapter 2: The Garden of Peace

Meg was dreaming, a dream filled with sweet memories and fragrance. Sweet fragrance of spring that reminded her of someone so dear. But she could not remember who that was. She was hearing a voice, calling her softly as if from.
Meg, Meg! Wake up! Another voice was calling her.
No, no Im not coming, Meg retorted.
That someone now started to shake her body.
No, no Im not coming, Meg resisted.
Meg! Sis! Dont fall asleep!
Meg drowsily opened her eyes, and found Kens brown eyes looking her down worriedly.
Ken?
Oh, Meg. I was so worried that you might havewell, are you feeling all right?
Yeah, I think so. What just happened? Where are we?
I dont really know. I just remember our plane getting out of control. I thought we would crash, but then everything went dark.
So, we crashed?
Im not sure. Im not hurt, and I think neither are you. Stand up and check by yourself. Where do you think we are?
Meg slowly raised herself to find the air filled with the fresh fragrance of roses. Then she looked around and was very, very surprised. In front of her were thick bushes of roses about the height of her shoulder. In fact, she and Ken were in the middle of a rose garden, whose edges not visible. Most of the roses around them were pure white; a few deep red. All of them were at full bloom as if to show off their beauty under the soft sunlight of spring. The garden was so quiet, so peaceful. Meg reached for a white rose nearby and felt its soft petals.
How beautiful! But then are we in heav.
Meg could not complete her comment because suddenly, a strong wind blewan unnaturally warm wind. When the wind blew past the two, they both felt a shiver running down their spine despite the warmth of the wind. The roses did not show any sign of movement even though the wind was very strongexcept the deep red ones which suddenly started to shiver wildly. The two did not notice this strange state of the red roses as they had to close their eyes to protect themselves.
Then, everything was calm again.
What was that about? said Ken. Well, whatever it was, Im glad its over. That wind felt kind of hostile.
Yeah, that was strange, said Meg, but her voice was steady despite the negative comment. Ken hesitated a moment before asking,
Arent you afraid?
Megs answer was unexpected. She said,
Afraid? What a girl can be afraid when shes surrounded by romantic roses!
Oh, girls, muttered Ken to himself.
***
Away from the garden in a castle, a bell started to ring loudly, triggered by the wind. The sound of the bell which most members of the castle had wished they would never have to hear.
The emergency alarm has gone off! Someone has intruded the Garden of Peace! shouted the chief of the guards to group captains in the guardroom.
Group A, go to the kings room right now! Dont let anybody else in until a message is brought to him by a rosy pigeon.
Yes, sir. The chief of the group answered.
Group B, go and find the prince, he shouldnt be far away from the castle by now.
Aye, sir.
Group C, D, and E, follow us roseknights and ready to respond to my call near the garden!
Yes, sir. The three group captains responded.
The remaining groups, position yourselves to the designated areas of the castle right now!
Aye.
Roseknights, follow me! 
Sir, your helmet! 
A cute rabbit-like creature tossed a helmet to the chief guard.
Thanks, Mithy! Wish me good luck!
Then he ran out of the guards room with the fellow roseknights, the 12 special agents including himself responsible for especially dangerous jobs. All of them were fully equipped, holding a long sword and shouldering a long bow. All were clad in a shining armor of silver, bringing a shield of pale brown with the crest of a marvelous red rose in the middle.
***
Away from the garden and the castle, an old man cloaked in gray coat sensed the wind passing him. He was sitting on a stump inside a dark forest, but scooped the passing air into a tiny bottle. He then murmured something, and smelled the air. He grinned and said, Hmm cherry blossoms and a slight hint of peppermint. Finally. But the kings have become stubborn. I must arrange something. Then, he stood up, and disappeared into the air.
*** 
Meg and Ken were walking down the small passage in the rose garden. They still had no idea where they were and how they got there.
Why do you think most of the roses here are white? asked Meg curiously. You know, I usually see red or pink ones more often.
Dont ask me about flowers, said Ken. Maybe, someone was too lazy to paint them.
It must be, said Meg, and Ken wondered if she really believed his suggestion to be the case.
But theyre still gorgeous. I just love the sweet smell in the air. Dont you feel that a rabbit dressed in pale blue would appear and give us tea? said Meg.
Ah. Ken was not sure how to comment.
Oh, there is a fountain.
Where? 
Over there, surrounded by pure red roses.
I was getting thirsty. Lets go and have a drink.
So they decided to walk toward the fountain. The fountain did not seem to have much water, as it was only making a small sound of running water. They noticed that the closer they approached the fountain, the shorter the roses became.
Look! said Meg, suddenly pointing toward her left.
What? Ken looked left alerted.
And he saw the roses blooming in the block left side of him changing color from white to pink.
This side, too! said Meg excitedly.
Ken looked right and he saw this time the color of roses changing from white to yellow.
Meg was thinking, How beautiful and magical this rose garden is! Its the best place Ive ever been.
Ken was thinking, How strange and mysterious this rose garden is! Its the creepiest place Ive ever been.
Then, they were suddenly surrounded, by 12 relatively short men clad in silver armor. All of them had their sword pointing at the two.
Meg screamed.
Ken readied himself to fight back.
You are under the arrest of the roseknights of Rosetta. Surrender yourselves, or you shall die. One of the armed men issued a warning.
What do we owe you? Ken shouted back.
You have intruded the Garden of Peace, and that is good enough a reason.
What do you mean? We dont understand.
We found ourselves in the garden. We have no idea how or why we came here. Meg tried to explain.
Enough! One of the armed men threw yellowish powder at them.
Then everything went dark for the second time that day.



Chapter 3: At the Castle

King Raligion was pacing up and down in front of his throne, accompanied by a small fluffy creature that looked like a rabbit. King Raligion was a stout man who looked like in his 60s. His stature was rather short, and he had long white hair and beard. Indeed, he looked like a large dwarf out of legends of the old. He was wearing a red gown with beautiful embroidery of roses. His crown was in silver, with small roses made out of gold adding gorgeous taste here and there. The sword, which was placed in a sheath of brown leather, had a hilt decorated with rubies curved like roses. In fact, embroiders or carvings of roses decorated almost all of the kings belongings. He had been ruling the Kingdom of Rosetta from the Rose Castle for over 30 years. Some said he was a wise king, others said he was a despot. He had just received a message from Captain Curlipius, telling the king he had succeeded in capturing the intruders. The message was brought to him by a rosy pigeon, as pigeons were used for the delivery system in the Kingdom of Rosetta.
Intruders into the Garden of Peace! King Raligion was thinking. Must be the spies of Tulitta! Never expected this would happen in my reign. What a disaster! What a disaster!
Rithy, bring me a pot of herb tea. The king suddenly stopped and shouted.
Yes, your Majesty. What flavor would you like? The rabbit-like creature, who almost bumped into the king because he suddenly came to a halt, answered in a high-pitched voice.
Any flavor will do if it helps to calm my mind.
Yes, Sir. Rithy ran out, or rather tried to hop out of the room to fetch herb tea for the king. However, as she was in a hurry, she did not notice the door was closed. So, she bumped into the hard door, almost breaking one of the crystal roses attached to it as decoration.
Sorry, Sir! she shouted, opened the door, and this time successfully disappeared into the corridor.
A cute little fellow indeed. The king smiled for a moment, and then started to pace up and down again.
***
Prince Prligion was approaching the city walls. The Kingdom of Rosetta extended far beyond the walls, but the central area called the Rose City was surrounded by tall walls to prevent intruders from entering the area. The prince, for the past two weeks, had been visiting the west borders of the Kingdom for encouraging the soldiers protecting the area. The west borders were at tension these days, with Rosetta and Tulitta holding out against each other over a huge forest. However, as both Kingdoms had not shown any movement for the past half year, the situation was neither improving nor exacerbating.
Prince Prligion, much unlike the king, was a tall, fair man who looked like in his late 20s. He had a short black hair, and was clad in silver armor. He was riding a horse-like creature with another rabbit-like creature. He was accompanied by 30 soldiers, and some soldiers were accompanied by rabbit-like creatures just like the princes. It was a beautiful day of early spring, with the sun softly embracing the men marching in the field. The men had been marching for nearly eight hours from early morning, and most of them, including the prince, were feeling drowsy. All of them had concerns in their mind, but the warm spring sunlight had them forget their worries for a while.
Suddenly, the prince heard a voice whispering into his ears.
Prince Prligion, listen to me, the voice said. Remember the true story. Do not be blinded by immediate events.
Who is it? The prince, awakened by the voice, looked around for its source, but did not find anybody talking to him.
I am your teacher from your dreams, the voice continued. The time has come. Be ready to be worthy of your True Song.
Who is it? Show yourself! Prligion repeated, feeling puzzled.
They have come. They have come by the call of Fair Lady. You are about to see the old legend unfolding in front of your eyes
Prince Prligion! Welcome back! The whispering voice was erased by the loud voice of a Captain who came to look for the prince.
Thank you, answered the prince, still wondering what that voice was about.
Your Highness, the king is asking you to present yourself at the Kings Court immediately.
Did anything happen? the prince asked sharply, as the tone of the captain told that something wrong was going on.
Yes, Sir. The emergency alarm has been activated.
You mean the alarm of the Garden of Peace?
Yes, Sir.
Have you caught the intruders yet?
We are not sure yet, Sir.
Then we will ride back together to the Castle as swiftly as possible.
Then he shouted to his men, follow me, and together, they hurried back to the City.
*** 
When Ken and Meg came by, they were in a carriage, tied by thick rope. Their head was ringing, and they could not think smoothly. It was as if they were half asleep and half awake. Beside them were two tough looking men, each pointing a bare blade toward the siblings.
Where are we? And who are these scary looking men? Ken thought, but he could not remember clearly what had happened to him.
The carriage had a small window, and Meg noticed that it was approaching a pretty castle of European Medieval style.
It is like a castle in fairy tales I read somewhere She thought, though she could not remember where she saw a similar castle before.
Then the carriage suddenly came to a halt in front of a small gate. The door opened, and a grim looking man in shining armor peeked in. 
We will take the intruders immediately to the Kings Court, the man said.
On hearing the command, the two men in the carriage each lifted Ken and Meg. They tried to resist half-heartedly, but very soon gave way.
The brother and sister were taken from the gate through the cozy gardens to the castle. They vaguely noticed that the gardens again only had roses, but this time in various colors. Once they reached the castle, they were blindfolded. They sensed that they turned many corners until they heard a heavy wooden door opening. Your Majesty, the roseknights have caught the intruders. Someone addressed. They were approaching the Fountain of Bara! We did not find any other intruder.
Then the two were put down onto the floor in a kneeling position, and the blindfold was taken away.
Ken and Meg saw a grim King looking down them from his throne.
Who are you? And what were you doing in the Garden of Peace? the king shouted in a harsh voice.
I dont know. I dont remember Ken mumbled.
Have you poisoned them, Captain Curlipius? the king asked.
Only the sleeping potion, your Highness. The effect should be fading away by now.
The captain, who was standing beside the king, answered.
Speak up, intruders! the king commanded again. I have every right to punish intruders into the Garden of Peace, especially those who dared to approach the Fountain!
The Garden of Peace? The Fountain? Meg commented, still feeling drowsy.
Yes, Miss. The Garden of Peace! You dont know what it is? Then, there is no doubt you are outsiders! Who do you serve? Answer me.
We are from somewhere far away, I think. Ken attempted to answer the kng.
Far away, you mean Tulitta, no? the king said.
Tulitta? We have never heard of such a strange name, said Meg.
Dont you dare fool me, Miss! It is apparent you two are not Rosettalians. Otherwise, the alarm wouldnt have gone off.
The alarm? Ken asked.
Yes. You dared to enter the Garden of Peace, so the alarm was activated.
You mean the warm strong wind? Meg said, remembering the unnaturally warm wind they experienced earlier in the rose garden.
Yes, you are right. Now, who are you? What evil plans have you been implementing in our Garden?
We were lost. Ken said.
Then how did you get into the Garden? the king asked.
We dont remember, said Meg, and Ken nodded in agreement.
This is going nowhere. Take them to the jail and use every means to make them speak. The king ordered, and the scary looking guards re-approached the sister and brother.
No, no! Meg shouted weakly.
 With her voice, Ken remembered that he had determined to protect his sister no matter what happened. Feeling energy coming back into his body, he shouted, Dont you dare touch my sister! and tried to kick the guard coming toward him. The kick did not reach its target, but the sudden movement made the rope loose. Ken stood up, and hit the two guards with all his power. The unexpected attack made the guards fall down. I will never let you hurt my sister! He shouted, the effect of the drug now completely fading away.
Take them! The king shouted, and the other guards rushed toward them. Ken reached for one of the guards lying on the floor, and took his sword. He pointed the sword at his neck and shouted, If any of you approach us, I will stab this man! and the guards had no choice but to stop.
You dare to defy my order, Mr.? said the king with a tone of mock in his voice. Give me my small bow, Rithy.
Here you are, Sir. The rabbit-like creature handed the king a little bow and a matching arrow. Ken was not sure what the king was up to, but he dared not make any movement.
The king prepared the arrow and said to Ken, Mr. I am one of the best archers in this Kingdom. Would you like to see which is faster, the time it takes for you to stab that poor man, or the time it takes for my arrow to reach your heart.
Ken did not see this coming, and he had no idea what to do. However, he somehow reacted instinctively and said,
Dont underestimate me. I am destined to be a swordsman!
The tension was building up. Nobody moved. Nobody made any sound. At that moment, the wooden door opened, and a tall man rushed in.
It was Prince Prligion. He stopped, noticing the tension in the room.
Stop there, Son. I am about to finish off this intruder, said the king.
The prince noticed the brother and sister. The blue eyes of Prligion met the brown eyes of Meg. Then he remembered the voice he heard in the field. Remember the true story, it said. The true story. The prince said to himself.
Father! Did you hear of their identity? he asked the king.
No. They do not tell me, and therefore, I take them to be the spies of Tulitta.
But couldnt they be the siblings we have been waiting for?
What do you mean? the king asked, still pointing the arrow toward Ken.
The Story of Fair Lady that predicts about a brother and sister coming to save the Kingdom of Rosetta. I had given up hope of the arrival of saviors, but somebody reminded me of the Story when I was marching in the field a while ago.
Hah. You mean that Torn Story? Unlikely. It is impossible for anybody to fly into the Garden. Prligion, dont bother me with impossible ideas.
I apologize for interruption, Captain Curlipius cut in, come to think of it, neither the fences nor the gates of the Garden had traces of breaking-in.
Did you notice anything else strange in the Garden? the prince asked the captain.
Well, I found a petal of cherry blossom and a leaf of peppermint beside them in the Garden. I didnt bring them with me, but I thought it was unusual to see such plants in the Garden.
Could it be possible? said the king, and then there was a long silence. The king looked at Ken and Meg from top to bottom. He shook his head, and said, The Story is supposed to be a product of imagination.
Then the king lowered the bow and shouted, Untie them, and bring them chairs and refreshments!



Chapter 4: Unexpected Welcome

Ken and Meg were utterly puzzled. Surprised by the sudden change of state, Ken lowered the sword he had in his hand. Chairs were brought in, and herb tea and sweets were served by some rabbit-like creatures.
Whats going on? Meg whispered to Ken, the effect of the sleeping potion finally disappearing.
I have no idea, but it seems we are safe. Ken whispered back.
Thank you for protecting me, Ken.
Dont mention it. Im your brother.
Then the king opened his mouth again, and said, It seems we have mistreated you. The prince, now sitting next to the king said, We apologize for you inconvenience. But could you open your mind and tell us where you are from.
We are from the States. Ken answered.
The States? said the king. There is no place on Flora with that name.
But thats where we are from. We were on our way to see out father in Japan.
Japan? the prince asked sharply, Does it have another name? 
I dont really know. I think the country is called Nihon, or Nippon in their language.
Is that all?
Well, the country used to be called Yamato if thats what you are asking for, answered Meg.
Then the king and the prince looked at each other, and the prince asked, How did you get into our Kingdom?
We were on a plane, and it suddenly lost its height. We are not sure how we ended up here.
What is a plane? asked the king.
Well, its like a machine that flies in the air, said Ken, failing to provide an accurate description. 
So you were flying. The prince said.
Well, sort of, said Ken.
Couldnt they be users of sorcery? the king whispered to the prince, They could still be spies of Tulitta who are in disguise.
There is no way Tulittalians know of the Story. It was you, father, who told me that Story is enchanted and nobody can speak of it outside of our realm. Besides we have to rely on whatever help we can have to break this situation, whispered back the prince. And then he politely asked the two to introduce themselves.
Well, started Ken, My name is Ken Narushima, and this is my sister Meg. I am 15, and she is 19. We were on our way from the States to Japan. But could you tell us whats going on?
Its a long story. We cant explain everything to you right now. That has to wait until dinner table. The prince said. But I am Prince Prligion, the prince of the Kingdom of Rosetta. I serve King Raligion, who is my father. This is Captain Curlipius, the chief of soldiers and guards of Rosetta. He indicated the man who had taken the two to the castle. 
Our Kingdom is at peril these days, Prligion continued, as our borders are threatened by Tulitta, our neighboring Kingdom. Rosetta and Tulitta have had equal power, but a grave event recently happened to us. Tulittalians do not know of it yet, I believe, but we need to come up with an effective solution.
What does your plight have to do with us? asked Ken.
In Rosetta, there is a legend. The legend called the Story of Fair Lady. Fair Lady is the creator and the ultimate protector of this Land of Flora, and the story is said to have been bestowed on our ancestors by the Lady. Again, the details of the story have to wait until dinner table, but you two appear in the Story as saviors of Rosetta when it is in peril.
Wait, weve never heard anything about the Land of Flora or whatever. How can you tell we are the ones who are talked about in your story?
Well explain everything later, the king said. And you are invited to the feast tonight.
We are not satisfied with your explanation. Why did you treat us like that in the rose garden?
Well, the prince said, please wait until the feast to hear the whole story and explanation. We dont have time now. But as for the mistreatment, we apologize sincerely. We had no idea who you were. The Garden is the most sacred place in our Kingdom, and only Rosettalians are allowed to enter. Now, the king, the captain, and I have to talk over some issues before the feast begins. We will arrange a room to stay for each of you. Please stay in the room until the feast. Now, for your servants, Tithy and Mothy, you are needed! the prince called out to somebody.
But Ken tried to speak, but Meg said,
I understand, Sir. Thank you for your kindness, and then whispered to Ken, There is nothing we can do. Lets comply until we know of our identity in this Kingdom. 
Our identity? Ken whispered back.
Yes. Dont you see? We are in the world of fantasy just Ive been dreaming of. Cant you see we are destined to be the saviors of this Kingdom just as in other fantasy stories?
Sis, stop dreaming Ken tried to retort, but at that moment, he heard something running toward the room.
Then the prince said, Tithy and Mothy. You have your masters.
With the call, two creatures entered the room. The creatures were rabbit-like just as the other ones in the room, only a little bit smaller. Each creature came and stood up beside Ken and Megs chair.
Introduce yourselves, said the prince, with a kind tone.
Hello, responding to the princes command, one of the creatures spoke to Meg. My name is Tithy. I will be your Rabimou. It will be my pleasure to serve you, and softly touched Megs knee with its cute nose.
Hello, the other creature spoke to Ken. My name is Mothy. I will be your Rabimou. It will be my pleasure to serve you, and did the same movement as Tithy.
Tithy will serve you, Meg, and Mothy will serve you, Ken. The prince said. 
Thank you. But what, ah, who are they?
They are Rabimous. Each member of the Castle is served by one of them. Rabimous stay with their masters all the time unless he or she is told by the master otherwise. They take an oath to be loyal to their master, so they are allowed to follow their master even to secret meetings. Tithy is a girl, and Mothy is a boy. They have just completed their training. They will be your servants and friends. Now, they will take you to your room.
Please follow us, said Tithy and Mothy together, so Meg and Ken stood up, and followed the Rabimous.
***
Ken and Meg were brought along the corridor. The corridors were beautifully decorated by wooden carvings of roses.
Everything here seems to have rose patterns on it, commented Ken.
Its because roses are the most important flowers in Rosetta, Mothy said, And this is your room, master.
They have reached the door of light brown color. Mothy opened it and asked Ken to enter.
Wheres Meg going to stay? Ken asked.
Right next to your room. Your rooms are connected by a door and you can visit each others room freely. Mothy said.
If I allow you to, said Meg, grinning.
Oh, Sis said Ken and decided to enter the room, believing that Meg would be all right.
Master, your room is here. Tithy said to Meg, indicating the white door next to Kens.
Thank you, Tithy, said Meg and entered the room.
Wow! Meg was amazed to see the room wonderfully adorned. In the center of the room was a king-size bed with a canopy. It had gorgeous drapes of pale pink around it. There was a desk and a chair, with beautiful carvings of rose buds. There also was a closet, again with carvings of roses. There was a window in the room, and the setting sun was casting light into the room. Two doors were there, at each end of the room. One door led to Kens room, and the other led to the bathroom.
This will be your room from today. As the tradition of this Kingdom, I will be staying in the room with you.
Oh, I see. Where are you going to stay? Meg asked, thinking that Tithy does look like a rabbit. Meg long wanted to have a rabbit as a pet.
Well, we usually sleep in the closet, but Tithy mumbled.
You dont like dark places, dont you? guessed Meg.
Im afraid so, master.
Then, you can sleep with me in my bed.
Thank you, master! Tithy said happily.
And you can call me Meg. I dont feel very comfortable addressed as master. 
Thank you, master, I mean Meg!
When will the feast start?
In two hours, I believe. I will come and call you. Do you need anything now?
Do you think I have to change clothes?
I will find something for you, Meg.
Thank you.
Would you like to take a bath? Tithy asked. I am good at making a bath with essential oil of roses!
Thank you, Tithy. Id love to.
Tithy hopped into the bathroom to prepare a bath for Meg. Soon, the room was filled with refreshing fragrance of fresh roses.
This is just what Ive been dreaming of, Meg was thinking, I always believed theres a world out there that I can live happily.
***
At the sunset, Meg and Ken were invited to the feast. They both had a good bath, and were fully refreshed. Meg was wearing a long dress of pink silk, with stitches of roses, and Ken thought she was very beautiful. As for Ken,
Ken, you look so, well, different, said Meg, muffling a giggle, as Ken was wearing a gown of pale blue, looking like a girl.
I know. I didnt want to wear this. But Mothy says that this is the traditional garment of this Kingdom.
It is, Ken! Mothy said.
For your information, Im still wearing jeans under this stupid dress. 
Thats true, Meg. Mothy said. Ken and Meg had asked Tithy and Mothy to address them by their first name.
Ken doesnt agree to take off the funny tube-shaped cloth.
Theyre called jeans! Ken said grumpily, and Meg started to chuckle.



Chapter 5: The Feast of Eclipse

Meg and Ken were taken to a large dining room. When they arrived, the room was already filled with people. The king, the prince, and the captain were sitting at one end of the table. Meg noticed that Prligion had changed from the armor to a gown of dark blue. He stood out, as he was the tallest one in the room. There were nine men on the right side of the table. On the other side, four men and three women were seated. There were two unoccupied seats, and the siblings assumed the seats to be theirs. At the other end of the table, three creatures were sittinga pigeon, a rabimou, and a horse-like creature. The horse-like creature was standing as it did not need a chair.
Welcome to the Feast of Eclipse, Ken and Meg. Prligion stood up and greeted.
Please seat yourselves. Ken, the seat next to me is for you, and the seat next to Kens is yours, Meg. It indeed seems like a fate that you have arrived on the day of an eclipse. 
When Ken and Meg sat in their chair, the prince continued, Today we have unexpected guests. Ladies and Gentlemen, may I introduce you to Meg Narushima and Ken Narushima. They are visitors from the far away land, and we believe they are the siblings mentioned in the Story of Fair Lady
Can they be? I didnt believe Id be able to see the legend coming true, said one of the men with a tone of surprise.
Yes, Professor Sherikson. We sent the men to check the Garden again, but it was apparent they came from nowhere.
Nowhere? Ken thought, but decided not to articulate his doubt.
Indeed. The man shook his head.
Now, may I ask each of you guests to introduce yourselves? the prince said, and the guests started to greet Ken and Meg in turn.
I am Captain Curlipian. I apologize for the mistreatment early on today. As your Majesty has told you, I am the chief captain of all guards and soldiers of Rosetta. I lead my own group called roseknights.
The elites of the guards, the woman sitting next to Meg whispered into her ears. Most of the men at the table are group captains of guards or soldiers. You are going to hear similar introductions, but you have to bear with them.
And sure she was right. Similar introductions went on and on.
Whats the difference between guards and soldiers? Meg asked the woman.
We only make a rough distinction, but guards are mainly responsible for protecting the castle, and the soldiers are responsible for battling in the fields.
the captain of Group Heisai the introductions went on.
Do you remember all of their names? Meg asked again.
Only the ones close to me. I think youve noticed the names of captains and groups are in the alphabetical order. 
Yes, I have, said Meg, as she has indeed noticed the alphabetical order.
We refer to them by the alphabet, like Group A and B. So dont worry.
Isnt it impolite?
No, no. They are used to it, and they do so even among themselves.
the captain of Group Shoyathe captain of Group Urutas Meg noticed another thing.
Why do you skip some alphabets?
We now have Group A to Z. So there are 27 Groups if you include the roseknights. The groups which arent here are protecting the fields and borders.
I see.
The introduction went on, skipping the three creatures at the end. The man who spoke out before was also skipped, and a woman started to introduce herself.
I am Captain Xhysha. I am the captain of Group Xia. My group consists entirely of women. There are two other groups, Group Y and Group Z, which consist of women. Group Y is at the east border protecting the ocean, and Group Z is at the north border. It is my pleasure to meet you.
Then the man who had been skipped spoke out. Now that the introductions of the captains are over, let me introduce myself. I am Professor Sherikson, the guardian of books and legends of this Kingdom. I am also the principal of Bara University, which is the sole provider of higher education in this Kingdom. I am a historian. I search the truth in the past, and I also learn legends from the past. I believe I am here to tell the whole story today, but that can wait. For now, it is my honor to see you two.
Then it was the two remaining womens turn. The woman sitting next to Meg said,
Let me introduce myself. I am Professor Mistel. I help Professor Sherikson with his work. I am a linguist. I believe I am responsible for sharing the secret of True Language. Then she winked and continued, But I am also a good tour guide of the City. Its nice to meet you two.
Now it was turn for the woman next to Professor Mistel. She said with a mysterious tone,
Greetings, children. I am the first servant of the Temple of Fair Lady. I only show up for the Feast of Eclipse. I dont know of your true identity yet, children, but youll soon be seeing me at the Temple.
Finally, the creatures at the other end of the table introduced themselves. Ken was surprised to learn that all of them, including the pigeon, could talk. The pigeon was the Chief of the delivery system, the rabimou was the Chief of the housing, and the horse-like creature was the Chief of the transportation system. I am the Chief of houmas, he said, we carry people between areas in times of peace, but we carry and fight with soldiers in times like this. We understand your language, but most of us do not choose to speak it. 
With introductions finally over, the prince stood up again and said, Thank you, everybody. Last time we gathered like this, we didnt expect we would be in a plight like this. Lets pray this will not be our last Feast of Eclipse together. We will be discussing grave issues after dinner, but for now, lets enjoy together! Now, let the feast begin!
With the call, rabimous served the first dish and matching drink. The matching drink turned out to be mineral water. The first dish was,
This is herb salad. The cherry tomatoes on top are well ripened. Please enjoy it with the taste of fresh lime and apple, explained Mothy to Ken and Meg. He was sitting on the armrest of Megs chair while explaining.
Thank you, it looks delicious, said Meg, resisting the temptation to pat Mothy on the head.
Professor Mistel? Ken whispered over Meg, trying not to be heard by the prince.
Yes, Ken? the professor answered, and you can call me Mitchy if you want. 
All right then, Mitchy, I have no idea what issues are going on. But, dont you discuss those over dinner?
Ah, said Mitchy, we dont spoil food even in times of danger.
Ken gave up, and decided to focus on the plate. Ken was not particularly fond of salad, but the dish turned out to be very good.
This is green soup. We mixed cucumber with spinach, and added dandelions to add flavor of spring.
Thats gross, thought Ken, but the soup again turned out to be to his taste.
For the main dish, we prepared a zucchini boat. Inside the zucchini are saut of broccoli, mashed potatoes, baked carrots, and so on. The sauce is juice of orange and strawberry, mixed with the essence of spring flowers.
Vegetables for the main dish? Ken thought. This time, Ken decided to ask about it. He looked his right and left, and decided to ask Mitchy rather than the prince. Besides, the prince was in a heated discussion with the king over the recipe of the dish.
I dont understand what these people are thinking, Ken said to himself, they say they are in a plight, but they dont seem to be worried.
Mitchy! Ken found a good timing and asked, do you only eat vegetables?
I was wondering about that, too, said Meg.
Oh, of course, answered Mitchy. What else can you eat?
Well, meat or fish, for example, said Ken.
Can you eat such things?
Dont you eat meat or cant you eat meat? Meg asked.
That is a good question, Meg. We live on vegetables, fruits, and flowers, and most importantly, Mitchy reached for her glass, pure water.
Puzzled by the answer, Ken continued, have you tasted meat before?
No, no. We cannot eat meat. The foods I mentioned are the only things we can digest. Can you digest meat?
Of course. You arent joking on me, are you?
No. Thats very strange. Well, after all, you are not Rosettalians, so you might be different.
We are human beings just like you, retorted Ken.
That is a matter of definition, winked Mitchy.
At that moment, dessert was brought in. It was a fruit plate as Ken had expected. It was accompanied by blackberry mint tea.
When everybody at the table finished their meal, the prince stood up.



Chapter 6: The Story of Fair Lady

Ladies and gentlemen, please pay attention. Where shall we begin? Prince Prligion started to talk. As we have newcomers today, we have to start from the very beginning. Im sure some of you already know most part of the Story, but please bear with us. First, let me explain who we are and why we are facing difficulty.
Excuse me, Sir, one of the captains interrupted. Are you sure you can trust the newcomers?
Im certain. They came from nowhere into the Garden. That has been confirmed by the roseknights. Their name and personality bear traits that are written in the Story. Moreover, they have brought with them the true evidence of their identity. Only the Professors, the king, and I knew of the evidence beforehand, and therefore, we are now sure of their identity, understand?
Yes, your Majesty. Sorry for interruption, and please continue, said the captain.
I dont like this mans air of command, Ken was thinking, looking at the tall figure of Prligion.
Ken and Meg, said the prince, turning toward the two. I noticed you were wondering why we only eat food grown out of ground.
Yes, we were, answered Meg.
It is because we are from the ground and go back to the ground, said the prince, We are Roses.
What? said Ken, couldnt help himself.
We are Roses, said Prligion again, We, the Rosettalians, roam the land in the human-form while we have consciousness. We return to rose flowers when we die. Those who die in peace will become white roses, and those who have unfortunate deaths will become red roses. Rosettalians plant their ancestors together.
In the rose garden we found ourselves in, said Meg abruptly.
Yes, Meg. You are right. The place we found you two is called the Garden of Peace. It is the place where our ancestors roam. Im sure you noticed there were white roses and red roses. The Garden is not only the place for our ancestors, but also for our descendants.
What do you mean? asked Ken.
The Garden of Peace is also a place of birth. When a male Rosettalian and a female Rosttalian fall in love and marry, they go to the Garden of Peace. Did you notice that there were roses that changed color into pink or yellow?
Yes, we did.
They are babies. The newly-wed couple, when they are ready to welcome a new member to their family, takes a baby rose with them from the Garden. When they exit the Garden, that rose takes the form of a human baby. Yellow roses are boys, and pink roses are girls. As we are from the same Garden, we usually do not differ in size greatly, except for me, I believe.
Meg thought King Raligion was looking at the prince rather worriedly at the mention of the size, but she was not sure.
Anyway, the problem we are facing concerns the Garden. There is a fountain in the middle of the Garden called the Fountain of Bara. It is the provider of pure water for the Garden and the entire Kingdom. It is the source of our energy, our life. Without the water from the Fountain, no Rosettalians can stay alive. However, the fountain seems to be drying up, and we have been experiencing water shortage since two months ago. The reservoir of the City is still full, but I heard some reservoirs in the countryside are drying up rapidly. We have used every means to find out the cause of the drought, but we have failed so far. We have searched for alternative means for providing water, but we have failed. Theres no other source of water in the Kingdom that provides water of the same quality as the Fountain. Only one explanation remains. Ladies and gentlemen, Professors concluded this morning, the prince looked around the table, that the Heart of the Fountain does exist and that it will soon stop its beat.
The room was filled with gasping sounds.
The heart? Meg said, puzzled.
Yes, there has been a legend that there is a powerful stone buried beneath the Fountain of Bara and that it is the source of water. Nobody has confirmed its existence but thats what the legend says. The legend also says that there will come a time when the stone needs to be replaced by a new magical stone from the Land of Sakuratta.
Why didnt you notice that earlier? Why didnt you prepare another stone beforehand? asked Ken a reasonable question.
The fountain never dried up in the history, and we have become oblivious to the possibility. In addition, our ancestors searched for the stone in the past. They concluded that the stone did not exist because they could not find it anywhere. They determined that the legend should be interpreted figuratively. As such, when the fountain first started to show the sign of weakening, we were utterly dismayed. We have put all our efforts in determining the cause so that we would be able to revive the water supply. However, no matter how hard we try, we have so far failed to identify the cause. It is uncustomary in our Kingdom to overturn the conclusion our ancestors had made about legends. However, now that we have looked at every other possibility, the only remaining possibility is the Heart of the Fountain. The speed of nature is slow. The Fountain wont wither in a day or two, but if Tulittairians know of this, they might decide to attack us now.
OK. What are Sakuratta and Tulitta? asked Ken.
Sakuratta and Tulitta are names of other Kingdoms. Sakuratta is a land said to lie far beyond the north borders. Tulitta is our neighboring Kingdom to the west, and they are trying to merge us into their Kingdom. We believe they are looking for the opportunity to attack us. Now, let us share with you the Story of Fair Lady. Professor Sherikson, please, and now that Ken and Meg are here, I allow you to reveal the parts that were kept secret as well.
Then the professor stood up and started to speak, The Story of Fair Lady is said to have been bestowed on the ancestors of Rosettalians many years ago. The story is also called the Torn Story as pages are missing toward the end. According to the legend, the Land of Flora was created by the voice of Fair Lady. Fair Lady, therefore, is the Creator and the ultimate protector of Flora. The Land of Flora is the name of our world. Fair Lady, as the legend says, created five Kingdoms on the Land. Rosetta, Tulitta, Daffolitta, Sakuratta, and Violetta. Each Kingdom, the Story tells, has a Stone as its heart. The Heart of the Fountain, as the prince has told you, is believed to be the Stone of Rosetta. The Kingdoms, according to the Story, were located in positions like flower petals of a beautiful spring flower, surrounded by the deep ocean. We believe people who roam in each Kingdom are born from different flowers. The professor looked around and continued.
Rosettalians, as you know, are from roses. Tulittalians must be from tulips. Daffolitalians from daffodils, Sakurattalians from sakura, and Violettalians from violets. The Fair Lady, the Story tells, disappeared into the Air once She created Flora. In Rosetta, we have the Temple of Fair Lady, and She talks to us through her servants. The Professor nodded toward the woman who had introduced herself as the servant of Fair Lady.
It is certain there were five Kingdoms in the past. The records as well as the legend tell us. After the Creation, the Land of Flora had peaceful times. The Kingdoms formed a Union and Flora prospered. People went across the borders, having friends in different Kingdoms. That peaceful time lasted for nearly 700 years. The professor paused and then continued.
However, peaceful times were over as Daffolitta gained power and started to invade other Kingdoms. Sakuratta was their first target as it had become a peaceful Kingdom without any arms. When Daffolitta almost overwhelmed Sakuratta, a great earthquake occurred, and Sakuratta was cut off from the other Kingdoms. It drifted away north and nobody knows the current location of the Kingdom exactly. At the same time, Daffolitta was also cut off and it drifted away toward west. Tulitta, Violetta, and Rosetta remained connected as one land. However, after the incident, the Kingdoms cut off communication across the borders, and each Kingdom developed separately since then. The professor sipped some water from his cup and then continued.
Sakuratta is said to have become a mythical land of forest, with fairies roaming the area. Sakuratta must be located north to Rosetta, but only several people have visited the land and come back. Those who did see the land almost never talk about the magical Kingdom. Some say that Sakuratta is ruled directly by Fair Lady, but nobody knows for sure. Daffolitta lost power after the break-up. Daffolitta is located beyond Tulitta. We know there was a war between Daffolitta and Tulitta a few years ago, but we dont know which side won for sure. However, we assume that Tulittalians won and conquered the Daffolitalians. Tulitta is our immediate concern. Tulitta has become too strong. King Sadaharion of Tulitta wants to have all Kingdoms of Flora under his rule, we believe. They have been looking for a chance to send their soldiers into Rosetta. As for Violetta, it was a small Kingdom located between Rosetta and Tulitta. It was acting as a buffer zone for us, but Rosetta decided to protect Violetta. Rosetta and Violetta merged as one Kingdom last year. He nodded approvingly to the captains sitting around the table. However, Ken wondered why the Kingdom was called Rosetta if it had indeed merged with Violetta.
And this is where you two come in, said the Professor, Ill read the important section of the Story for you. This is what it says. Rosetta will be in peril. Danger will approach from the west, beware. The drought will come, beware. Wait and pray for saviors if Rosetta were to remain. They will come, the two people from Yamato. A brother and sister, from nowhere in the sky. One brings Health and the other brings Fortune. Oh, the spicy fragrance of peppermint! Oh, the soothing fragrance of cherry blossom! They are your only hopes, Rosettalians. The Fortune will find the true heart in the mythical land. The Fortune will gain power and so will the Fountain. The Health will he stopped, and said, This is where the Story is torn off. By the way, the part with peppermint and cherry blossom were not known to anybody but for selected few until today.
Thats why we could confirm you two, Ken and Meg, to be the ones told in the Story Mitchy whispered.
Nobody knows how the story got torn off, but the final two sentences of the Story are still here, the Professor continued.
The Land of Flora, forever. The Will did not overpower the Story, the Will became the Story. Well, this is the end of the Story, and the National Anthem of Flora is attached at the end. Shall we? And the professor started to sing and the other Rosettalians at the table soon joined him in chorus.
The Land of Flora, the Land of Flora,
May the blessings of the Fair Lady last upon us forever!
Unity of the Five Kingoms,
Created by the Fair Hands
We are so proud to call this Union
The home of our heart!

The Kingdoms, the Kingdoms
May the blessings of the Fair Lady upon each Kingdom forever!
Rosetta!
Violetta!
Daffolitta!
Sakuratta!
Tulitta!
May the Peace upon the Union forever!

The Land of beauty and purity, Rosetta!
The Land of power and solemnity, Tulitta!
The Land of joy and cheerfulness, Violetta!
The Land of bravery and energy, Daffolitta!
The Land of magic and myth, Sakuratta!

Together we form one Union,
the Land of Flora under the name of the Fair Lady!
Peaceful and beautiful land.
We are so proud to call this Union
The home of our heart!

O, Fair Lady O, Fair Lady
Protect us forever!
O, Fair Lady, O, Fair Lady
Please be with us, forever
Forever, ever, ever.

The anthem abruptly ended and the Professor said, well, my explanation is over. It is time for a linguist to speak.
Ive been waiting for this moment, said Mithy, standing up.
Theres another reason why we confirmed you two to be the siblings mentioned in the Story. Well, that has to do with your names. Ken, your name is related to the concept of health in True Language, and Meg, your name is related to the concept of fortune in True Language.
What is True Language?
Well, every language has power, and True Language is the most powerful language on Flora. Only the servants of Fair Lady are truly proficient in that language. Well, professors like Professor Sherikson and me also understand the language fairly well, but people in general only have a limited ability to understand the language. Anyway, what we are speaking now is the common tongue among us. It is also the language bestowed on us by Fair Lady for daily use. However, each of us is given a True Song at the shrine of Fair Lady when we become adults at 15 years of age. The Song is in True Language, and represents and predicts the life of that individual. We can give rough explanation of the Song in the common language. However, if a person utters it in True Language, trouble will come upon the person.
For example? asked Ken, you cannot be killed by a language.
Or, your mind will be controlled by others? suggested Meg, remembering many fantasy stories she had read.
Thats a good suggestion, but no. Actually, we have accidents of True Language a few times a year. Those who dare to utter the Song in True Language explode on the spot and disappear.
Then why do you ask for the Song?
It is our tradition, an order from the absolute Lady, answered Mitchy shortly.
And you two will come to the shrine tomorrow for receiving your True Songs. The mysterious lady added.
Well, said Prince Prligion, standing up. The feast is now over. We have received necessary information. Captains, we are going to hold a counsel the first thing tomorrow morning. Meanwhile, each of us will need time to contemplate over the issues.
Ken felt that Prligion was actually addressing him and Meg and felt slightly uncomfortable.
Ken! Meg! Please follow us, Mothy and Tithy shouted over the noises of chairs. Your bed is ready!
Bed! Ken thought, thats what I need most now.



Chapter 7: Dream and True Song

When Ken and Meg went back to their room, the bed had already been prepared. Meg went into Kens room, and decided to discuss what they had heard at the feast.
Well, said Meg, theres no doubt we are in the world of fantasy I dreamed of!
I believe we are blown away into an unknown world, thats for sure. But roses! Can you believe they actually are roses?
Their story explained everything, didnt it?
You have to be cautious, Sis. There might be lies in the story.
How can you say such a thing? We are needed in this world.
Well, for example, remember the part which talked about Rosetta and Violtta?
Yes. The Kingdoms decided to become one, right?
Well, then why is this Kingdom called Rosetta? The prince from the beginning said Tulitta is the neighbor of Rosetta. Violetta was a Kingdom, right? Then, where is the king? Where are the people? I have a feeling that Rosetta actually invaded Violetta.
Are you sure?
Nothing here is certain. Theres another issue. There was a King and a Prince. They dont look like each other. Where is the Queen?
Oh, dont say such a thing, Ken. Prince Prligion is a handsome guy, isnt he?
Dont tell me you have fallen in love at first sight, Sis!
Its not like that! Meg said, but she was slightly blushing.
I hope not, commented Ken.
What do you think of the story about us, Ken? asked Meg, changing the topic.
Well, it seems the story itself exists. Had it not been for the story, we would be dead at the Kings Court.
How should we interpret the story then?
Well, I still dont believe that we are the ones who appear in the story. It is simply impossible. We have never been to this land called Flora in the first place. However, I think theres no choice but to pretend to be the siblings in the story in order to survive at this place.
I believe we are the ones told in the story. Thats what usually happens in fantasy stories, retorted Meg. There is a legend, and the main characters appear in the legend even if they did not know about the legend before.
Whatever. In any case, we definitely have to find out what happened to us.
Why?
To go back to our own world, of course!
Do you want to go back?
Of course! You dont?
Well, I dont know yet. I somehow feel comfortable here.
Well see. OK, back to the story. I believe what Mitchy told us it true. I know that my name Ken represents health in Japanese, and your name Meg represents fortune in Japanese. Thats what Mom told me when I was little.
Then, the language she called True Language actually is Japanese?
We cant be certain yet, but it is a possibility.
Werent they talking something about songs?
Yeah, they were. They said theyd take us to the shrine and give us a True Song or something tomorrow.
Thatd lovely of them.
Lovely? No way. I personally dont believe the existence of such a thing. But Ill go and see if any secret to our escape is hidden in the shrine.
Are you sure you want to escape? asked Meg again, I thought you like adventures, and I believe adventures are waiting for you here on the Land of Flora. You already tried to protect me at the Court this afternoon.
Oh, Sis. I like adventures as long as they happen in our world. But, Ken looked into Megs eyes, Ill do anything to protect you.
Thank you, Ken. Meg smiled, and said, well, Im going to bed. Good night! 
OK. Good night, have a sweet dream! Ken said.
***
Ken was lying on bed Mothy had prepared for him. Mothy had asked Ken if he could go take a stroll in the garden under the moon, so Ken was alone in his room. He was thinking, Meg believes this place to be the fantasy world she had been dreaming about. I dont want to agree with her, but I know we are in a different world. If this indeed were a fantasy world, I hope I dont have to fight or go on a journey as the characters of fantasy stories Meg told me do. He then smiled for a moment. It is good to see her smile again though. I guess I should let her enjoy this world until we find a way to go back to our world. If she believes this place to be her dream world, then let her believe so. That might help her stable her nerves again. I will protect her, and I want her to be happy. But Ken had no intention of remaining in Rosetta for more than necessary. This is not where we belong. We have to find a way out soon or Im afraid well be stuck in this world. That King and Prince seem wicked. We should be cautious about them. They said we are saviors. But we cant trust them yet. Meg told me that saviors appear in times of peril in fantasy stories. But we have nothing to do with this Flora place. We need to escape.
He soon fell asleep.
He had a dream, a very strange dream.
He was flying over a field, a field filled with withered flowers.
He was alone in the middle of the field. 
He landed and looked around.
There was nobody. The air was hot, and there was no wind.
He waited, and waited because he knew he was waiting for something.
Suddenly, he saw a fair maiden dressed in white.
She was approaching. She had something round in her hands.
She dropped it in the field.
Suddenly, the air cooled down, and Ken started to feel breeze.
The withered flowers regained life and he started to hear birds tweeting.
The maiden looked at him.
It was Meg.
Meg? he tried to say, but his voice did not come out.
The maiden did not notice him.
Ken felt somebody approaching, a tall figure.
It was Prince Prligion.
Meg waved at the prince, and so did the prince.
The prince approached her, and took her hands.
Then, they disappeared. 
Ken felt his body was burning with rage.
He tried to scream, but again, he could not. 
He felt his body melting into the air.
Then, he heard a voice,
Oozorani Sobiyutaiboku Chikarazuyoshi Konohachiredomo Inochiwahatezu
This is your True Song, a new and temporal member of the Union. A tall tree was growing toward the sky. Even when the tree loses all its leaves, the strong life of the tree remains, said the voice.
Ken thought the voice was familiar to him, but he couldnt remember. 
He felt the fragrance of cherry blossoms fill the air, and the voice said, Believe yourself, and find your way. You have come here to find who you truly are.
Then the voice disappeared.
Ken felt a strong smell of peppermint.
He woke up with a jolt. He felt somebody looking at him in the dark from the window. He went to the window, but only saw the bright moon.
***
In her bed, Meg was also having a strange dream.
She was looking down a battlefield from a castle.
The battlefield was filled with red roses and tulips.
She was looking for somebody in the battle field.
She was not sure who she was looking for, but she was worried.
That person promised that he would protect her. 
She wanted to go out, but she was confined in a room.
She could do nothing but to look down the battlefield helplessly.
The roses were pushing tulips back, and the triumph of roses was at hand.
Then, she spotted a man in gold armor running into the middle of roses.
She tried to scream, but she couldnt.
She felt a slight smell of peppermint, but it soon disappeared.
Suddenly, there was an explosion, and everything went white.
Then she heard a voice. 
Kooritoke Mizuotokikoyu Tanoshikuni Sakurakaguwashi Harunosoyokaze
This is your True Song, a new and eternal member of the Union. The cold winter will end and joy of spring will fill the land. The air will be filled with the sweet fragrance of cherry blossoms.
Meg felt the air around her now filled with the fragrance of cherry blossoms.
The voice continued, be true to your heart. You will find who you truly are here in the Land of Flora. Meg knew she had heard the voice somewhere before, but she could not remember.
She woke up. It was already morning
The castle was ringing with alarms of emergency.



Chapter 8: Acceptance of Fate

The Tulittalians have crossed the borders! someone was screaming.
The Fountain has dried up completely! another person was screaming. Meg woke up, and quickly dressed herself.
The door of Megs room opened and Ken jumped in, accompanied by Mothy.
Sis? Are you up? We are summoned by the king.
Whats going on?
I dont know. The castle is in turmoil. 
Please follow us! said Mothy and Tithy, jumping out of the room.
They were taken along the busy corridor to the Kings Court. The alarm stopped while they were running down the corridor. King Raligion, Prince Prligion, and Captain Curlipian were already in the room. The two professors were there too.
Good morning Ken, good morning Meg, greeted the prince. The peril came to us faster than we expected.
Whats going on? Ken asked.
This morning, we received a report from one of the pigeons that there was a fight at the west borders last night. Right, Captain Curlipian?
Yes, Sir, said the captain. Tulittalians crossed the borders. Our soldiers tried to defend, but we were outnumbered. I dont have the accurate information, but Tulittalians did not pursue further. I believe it was just provocation to us, but they have started to move. We need to deploy our guards and soldiers. The borders need reinforcement, and five Groups are about to leave the castle for the borders.
Thank you for the quick arrangement, said the prince.
The shortage of water cannot wait either. The king remarked.
That is very true, father. The Fountain of Bara stopped providing water early this morning. We still have enough water to survive a month or so, but then our lives will be in danger. We havent told the people of Rosetta about this peril yet. Internal conflict is what we least want now.
There is only one solution, you know. Command her, said the king irritatively. The prince looked at him and said, I was about to ask her. He looked at Meg and said, 
Do you remember the Story we shared with you last night?
Yes, said Meg.
It talks about the Fortune gaining power and so will the Fountain. We believe the Fortune refers to you, Meg.
No, I wont let you! Ken interrupted, sensing what was coming.
I order you, Meg, to go to Sakuratta and find an alternative Stone said the king in a commanding tone. If you reject, Ill have your brothers life.
What? said Ken.
Wait father, that is not fair to them, said the prince. Let them consider the issue. 
Son, we dont have time.
Ill accept your order, Prince Prligion, said Meg, looking at the blue eyes of the prince. And both Prince Prligion and Meg felt that something transmitted between them. But please remember that I choose to go on this adventure out of my own will, not under the command of anybody.
Sis, no! Its too dangerous! said Ken. I wont let you go to this adventure. He turned to Prligion and Raligion and said,
If Megs going, then Im going with her!
Thank you, Ken. But you cant come with me. I feel this adventure is what Im destined for said Meg.
But Meg, you didnt like adventures, did you?
No, I didnt. But Im living my dream here. This is what I always wanted to do. Please, Ken. Let me have my chance to prove myself. She turned to the prince again, and said,
You need to give me every information you have about Sakuratta.
Yes, we will. Thank you so much, Meg. Our fate is on your shoulders. Prince Prligion paused, and then added, But please come back safely. I wish we had more time to talk before your departure. You have come, and you are going away this soon.
Ill come back, said Meg. Are we going to have time to talk then?
I promise to take you to the most beautiful place in Rosetta, said the prince, smiling at Meg.
Ken decided to interrupt, and asked,When are you planning to send her to Sakuratta if thats what Meg really wants to do?
As soon as the ship is ready, but you have to go to the temple of Fair Lady to receive your True Song before departure, said King Raligion.
Actually, I received my True Song in my dream last night, said Meg.
Did you? Prince Prligion exclaimed. That is unusual. How about you, Ken?
Same with me, answered Ken, determined not to share the dream with anybody. But why does it even matter?
Ah, said Professor Mistel. True Song not only describes who you really are but also gives you strength in times of danger. Also, Im sorry it seems the tour of the city has to wait until we see each other again, she added with an audible sigh.
Because its time for a council said the king.
***
Two hours later, Ken and Meg were back in Megs room. Meg was preparing for her departure.
Sis, are you sure you want to do this adventure? asked Ken.
Yes, Im determined to. You cant change my mind now.
I see, sighed Ken.
The voyage should not take very long, said Meg. The prince told me that the approximate location of Sakuratta is known to Rosettalians. Ocean is the only thing that is between Sakuratta and Rosetta. We are going to sail through the ocean to find Sakuratta.
We?
Yes. Tithys coming with me. There will be some sailors to move and navigate the ship too.
You talk of the adventure lightly. But remember, Professor Sherikian told us Sakuratta is a mythical and magical place. You might face danger.
Dont worry. My flower is sakura, or cherry blossoms, remember? I should be fine. 
OK. But please, if you feel any danger, dont pursue the adventure further. Just come back.
I will. Ken, please train hard and become a good soldier by the time I come back. 
Ken made a groan. Captain Curlipian had invited him to join roseknights for training, but he did not fancy the idea. Theres no way Ill fight, especially with swords, he was thinking.
I remember you said that you were destined to be a swordsman, remarked Meg.
I didnt intend to. The words just came out. I was just trying to show off so that others wouldnt attack.
I see, I see.
There was a knock, and the door opened. Tithy and Mothy came in, each with two drinks. The drinks were dandelion juice. The ship is ready. Lets drink for Meg said Mothy. He gave Ken a glass. The juice was bitter.
When they finished drinking, Tithy said, Meg, shall we leave? 
Yes, lets.
Ill see you off to the port, Sis. Ken said.
No, Ken. You cant come to the port. We dont want the departure to be conspicuous. It was Mothy who answered.
But
Its all right, Ken. Wish me luck. Meg said, and kissed Ken on the cheek. She then waved good-bye to Mothy, and left the room with Tithy.
Ken saw her off until she turned the corner, and went into his room. He was determined to refuse the sword training.
Then everything started to sway, and he fell down on the floor. He heard Mothy saying to somebody, Ready!
Everything went dark.
*** 
A few hours later, one of the roseknights came to Kens room. The roseknights had been waiting for Kens arrival at the training field, but as Ken did not show up, one of them had decided to come check if he was awake. The roseknight knocked the door, but no answer came. Then he casually pressed the door, and was surprised to find the door unlocked. He peeked in, and found that nobody was in the room.
This is strange, said the roseknight to himself, and started running back to the training field to inform Captain Curlipian of Kens absence.



Chapter 9: Tulitta

Ken found himself lying on a bed. The bed was moving. He assumed he was in a carriage. He opened his eyes and saw Mothys round eyes looking at him.
Are you feeling all right? Mothy asked.
Mothy! What did you do?
Im sorry, that drink I gave you was sleeping potion, apologized Mothy.
Why did you do such a thing? How long have I been sleeping? Ken reprimanded. 
I had to take you out of Rosetta secretly. You have been sleeping for almost two days. We crossed the borders of Rosetta and Tulitta safely about 10 hours ago.
Is Meg safe?
Of course she is. I didnt drug her. Tithy and Meg should be safely on the ship.
Thats a relief. Now, why have you taken me out of Rosetta?
Im actually a secret agent working for Tulitta.
What? Ken sat up on the bed, and reached for Mothy. Mothy jumped away.
Please forgive me. I dont mean any harm on you. I sent a pigeon to Tulitta to inform King Sadaharion of your arrival, and he ordered me to bring you to Tulitta.
Do you know why?
No. I only follow the kings order. King Sadaharion, the king of Tulitta, is the only person I serve.
But didnt you have to take an oath to be loyal to your master?
That oath can be interpreted in many ways. I just interpret it to mean that I should be loyal to my master only. I am loyal to you, Ken, though I am not loyal to Rosetta.
Why?
I was born in Rosetta, near the borders of Violetta.
Violetta?
Yes. Violetta was a peaceful Kingdom lying between Rosetta and Tulitta. As Violetta was a very small Kingdom, Tulitta was protecting it. But Rosetta invaded and conquered the Kingdom last year.
I assumed so. What happened to the king of Violetta?
Actually, Violetta had a queen. The attack by the Rosettalians was swift, and Tulittalians could not help her fight back. Tulittan Court offered her to stay with them, but the queen chose to stay with her people.
So where is she?
She lives as a farmer with her people under the rule of Rosetta. If Rosettalian Court knew of her identity, theyd kill her.
Ken looked out of the window. The carriage was running through bushes.
So Prince Prligion was lying? asked Ken.
Well, I believe its a matter of perspective. Let me continue with my story. Most of my friends were Violettalians. But because they lived near the borders, most of them were killed by Rosettalians on the day of the attack to clear their way.
I feel sorry for you.
I was so sad, and cursed Rosetta. At that time, I was scouted by a Tulittalian spy. He brought me to King Sadaharion. The king told me the evil plan King Raligion was up to, and asked me to help foil his plan. I agreed. I was trained in Tulitta for several months, and was sent back to Rosetta. I went to the castle, and received training to become a servant. As you see, Im still very young.
Did anybody know of your true identity?
Nobody in Rosetta has suspected me before. Rosettalians only treat us rabimous as servants and dont cast any suspicion over us. That is a strange tradition of the Rosettalian court to keep rabimous as servants. They think we are fluffy and cute animals.
Mothy stretched and Ken could not help feeling that he was really cute. He wanted to say that it was impossible not to treat rabimous as fluffy and cute animals. Instead he asked, 
So Tulitta knows everything going on in Rosetta?
Well, I try to send as much information as possible. I believe there are several more Tulittalian agents or spies among Rosettalians. There should be some spies in disguise of Rosettalian soldiers. I dont know for sure because we dont contact each other in order to avoid detection.
So Tulitta knows of the story we heard at the feast? Didnt they say the story is enchanted?
They say so, Mothy sniffed. Thats their arrogance. They think they are selected people.
So what? Ken could not see where the story was going. 
Rosetta is not the only possessor of the Story. Tulitta also has a similar story, though obviously it is about Tulitta, not Rosetta. They say the Story was given to each Kingdom by Fair Lady a long time ago.
Is it also torn?
I dont know for sure. Ive never heard the full Story before. 
Do I appear in the Story? asked Ken, suddenly feeling curious.
I assume thats why youre needed.
Why only me? How about Meg?
As I told you, I dont know. I only execute orders from the king. I dont ask for explanation.
Why didnt you ask me beforehand?
Im sorry. I couldnt take the risk of revealing my plan. King Raligion of Rosetta is a despot. Rosettalians are suffering.
Rosettalians?
Yes. As you know, the water of the Fountain started to dry up. Prince Prligion I believe does not know this, but King Raligion shut off water conduits of Outer City a half year ago.
Outer City?
The area outside of the city walls.
How did you know about that?
I happened to be receiving my training nearby.
So people in Outer City do not have water now?
I guess they rely on their reservoir.
Mothy stretched again. Ken still could not believe that Mothy was a secret agent of Tulitta. Mothy was too cute. As to shake off his thoughts, Ken asked again,
You said King Raligion is evil, but what about Prince Prligion?
I dont know. King Sadaharion never talks of Prince Prligion as evil. I believe the prince is innocent and only executing King Raligions orders. King Raligion does not share all the secrets with the prince as with the case of water conduits.
But isnt it strange? The prince seemed to be in command. He was the one who was doing most of the talk at the feast.
Raligion is cunning. I dont know why but King Sadaharion says Prince Prligion is not evil. I have to trust his judgment.
Mothy looked out of the window. Ken followed his gaze and saw a castle approaching. The castle was different from the castle of Rosetta. The castle of Rose City had tall towers. This castle did not have towers. It looked like a tall pyramid without the top part. The pyramid was divided by pillars into several floors. It reminded of Ken the castle he saw in a guidebook on Japan.
We are almost there, said Mothy. Please forgive me for what I did to you. Ive given you all the information I have. I trust you, Ken. He then touched Kens nose with his soft and round nose.
Ken couldnt help smiling, and said, Its all right. I like adventures after all.
***
In an hour or so, the carriage reached the castle. He noticed that its gardens only had tulips. Ken was welcomed into the castle politely, and the guards in gold armor took him and Mothy to the kings court. In the room, King Sadaharion himself was waiting for Ken. King Sadaharion was a tall man who looked like in his 50s. He had a short black hair. He was wearing a yellow kimono with the embroidery of tulips. His crown was in gold, and silver tulips decorated it. A lady was also with him. She had a long black hair, and was wearing a kimono of light green color.
When Ken and Mothy entered the room, the king greeted.
Welcome to Tulitta. I am King Sadaharion, the king of Tulitta. This is Marilia, my daughter. The lady smiled at Ken.
We apologize that we took you by force from Rosetta, said the king. Then he addressed to Mothy.
Did you have any trouble crossing the borders?
No, your Majesty. Because you have sent force across the borders, Rosettalians were busy checking carriages coming into Rosetta. They did not bother to check the carriage going out of Rosetta. 
Thats good. The king said. It was to enable you to travel smoothly.
Really? said Ken, surprised. Rosettalians said Tulitta invaded Rosetta. 
We never have unnecessary fights, said Marilia. Ken thought her voice was very beautiful. The king smiled at her.
Yes, Marilia is right. We never fight a war of invasion. Thats Rosettas job. Ken, how much do you know about Flora?
He heard the Story, Sir! Mothy answered instead. The Torn version apparently. I also told him about Violetta and about the water drought in Rosetta.
Thank you Mothy. That makes the explanation easier.
Then he looked at Ken, and started,
Ken, I will tell you directly. King Raligion of Rosetta is trying to conquer all the Kingdoms.
Thats what Rosettalians told me about you, interrupted Ken.
I know,said the king, sighing, that they treat me as evil.
Then how can I believe you? 
That is for you to decide. I am trying to overwhelm King Raligion so that peace will be on Flora again.
Yes, peace, said Marilia, looking straight at Kens eyes. Ken felt his face slightly blush and hastily asked another question to the king.
Has he done any other evil? 
Yes he has. Rosettalian people have been exploited by that despot since he took the throne. And King Sadaharion started to tell the stories of King Raligions evil deeds. While he spoke, Marilia was softly mumbling something to herself. Ken did not notice this. However, when King Sadaharion finished speaking, Kens heart was with Tulitta, though he somehow could not recall the details of the stories King Sadaharion had told him. His mind was filled with rage toward King Raligion, and he felt he wanted to destroy the king. 
I hope you understand why we need to overwhelm Raligion, emphasized King Sadaharion. If you have any questions, please ask. We want to make sure you are not puzzled.
Ken did not have any questions but decided to ask something so that he would not be considered as stupid. He decided to ask,
But if you attack Rosetta, isnt it invation?
King Sadaharions answer was unexpected. He said,
Well, for one thing, Rosetta has been looking for a good chance to attack us. But I know that is not an adequate reason. Actually, we will pretend to attack the Kingdom so that the prediction in the Story will be achieved. To tell you the truth, the final part of the Story, which Rosetta says is missing, is well preserved in Tulitta. I believe that part of the Story is common to all the Kingdoms, and I think Rosetta did not preserve the document very well. The Story bestowed on Tulitta is kept well without any pages missing.
 Mothy looked at Ken with a look of I-told-you-so, and Ken couldnt help smirking despite the serious situation.
Well, the king continued, we need to create a situation which will enable us to overwhelm Raligion.
That doesnt justify the attack, does it? pursued Ken.
Well, we are trying to save every Kingdom on Flora so that the five Kingdoms will form a Union again. Prince Prligion will be a wise ruler. 
What do you mean? Isnt Prince Prligion part of the current regime?
King Sadaharion sighed. There was a long pause. Then he said,
I believe King Raligion uses him as his puppet. Im sure Prince Prligion will choose peace if we overwhelm Raligion.
Why? 
Its because I believe that, the king continued, Prince Prligion is my son.
What? Ken couldnt believe his ears. But he is the prince of Rosetta!
Sadly, he is. He was kidnapped by a Rosettalian when he was a baby. That Rosettalian was just a kidnapper and did not recognize him as my son. I dont know what happened after he was taken to Rosetta, but I believe my son was raised by Rosettalians. Raligion must have spotted him somewhere and adopted him without realizing him having the royal blood of Tulitta. I learned of this a few years ago from one of the Tulittalian spies.
Yes, I thought the prince looked very different from other Rosettalians, said Ken. But how can you be sure that he is your son, not other Tulittalians? Dont you people in general look alike to each other?
It is because Prince Prligion bears a royal mark that only the royal family of Tulitta bears, answered the king. He doesnt know of his identity, and Im not going to let him know this. He should be a Rosettalian, and lead the Kingdom wisely as a Rosettalian King. Peace will come back to Flora if tension between Rosetta and Tulitta disappears.
Wait a moment. Didnt you invade Daffolitta? Ken interrupted again.
Thats not true. Daffolitta once chose the wrong way, but it was meant to be. Daffolitta now is a peaceful Kingdom to our west. But lets go back to the Rosettalian issue. All we need to do is to overthrow the current regime, King Raligions regime. We dont want to make Rosettalians suffer. Thats why we didnt stop Meg from going to find the Stone.
So the stone part of the story is true?
We believe so. Unlike Rosetta, Tulitta has a record of renewing the Stone twice before, though there is a possibility that the Stone might not be an actual stone.
What do you mean?
The historical documents only identify them as the Stone and do not give us any details. It might be a different object happened to be called the Stone.
But is Meg all right? Will she come back safely? What does the Story tell about her? 
I assure you her safety.
Ken was relieved to hear that although King Sadaharion did not tell him the reason why he believed Meg to be safe.
Could anybody let Meg know that Im here?
Marilia will take care of that, wont you? asked King Sadaharion to Marilia.
Of course, father.
However, the king continued, we dont believe the whole Story. 
What do you mean?
There are parts that were not realized in the past. The Story guides us, but determining what to do and how to make it come true is up to us.
What about my part? Can you tell me what the story says about me?
There was a silence for a while. King Sadaharion seemed to be thinking over the issue. He then said,
No, I wont. It is yours to find your way. The Story should not decide your way, you should. I follow the Story because it matches my will. You can consult the Story later if youd like to. But trust your decision, and act wisely, Ken.
Thats my King! said Mothy, jumping up and down.
And everybody in the room chuckled merrily.
***
After Ken left the court with Mothy for his guest room, King Sadaharion said to Marilia,
Well, that was surprisingly easy.
I didnt expect him to believe our story that easily, my lord, replied Marilia.
Your enchantment also helped, Marilia.
Its my pleasure, said Marilia bowing. Apparently, she was not Sadaharions daughter. 
Are you going to carry out the plan tonight? asked the king.
Yes, I am. Ken is here, and Meg is away. This must be a good timing, said Marilia. Could you train Ken in case I fail?
Certainly, assured the king.
Marilia turned on the spot. Surprisingly, her light green kimono changed color into black. 
Then go, and come back safely. Im wishing you the best, my favorite ninja, said the king.
Marilia bowed and left the room, now completely clad in black. She jumped on the fastest houma in Tulitta in order to reach the Rosettalian castle as fast as she could.



Chapter 10: Megs Voyage

The Spring Rose was sailing through the quiet ocean. Rosetta had long disappeared from the view. Meg was on the deck, looking at the calm water with small ripples here and there caused by the cheerful breeze of spring. She was contemplating over the events that had happened to her and her brother since yesterday. Tithy was by Megs side, taking a nap under the warm sunshine. 
Meg? Captain Relosa, the captain of the Spring Rose, came up and asked, how do you think of this ship?
She is pretty, answered Meg, the most beautiful ship Ive ever seen. Ive always dreamed of traveling the ocean in a ship like this, said Meg from her heart.
Thank you. The Spring Rose indeed is one of the finest ships in Rosetta, and Im honored to be her captain, said the captain. Then he said,
I have something that I need to discuss with you, Meg.
What is it? replied Meg.
As you have been told, only the general location of Sakuratta is known to Rosettalians.
Yes, Prince Prligion told me so.
Well, sailors believe that the exact location of Sakuratta is not known because there is this magical ocean around Sakuratta that conceals the location of the Kingdom.
What do you mean by the magical ocean?
Sailors call the area the ocean of nothingness and fear the area. In fact, nobody dares to approach the ocean unless it is out of utmost necessity.
The ocean of nothingness?
Some people see illusion, and other people temporarily lose all their five senses. At least thats what the people who have sailed and come back to Rosetta say.
Have you ever sailed the ocean before?
Ive entered the ocean once before. My ship was fishing and was accidentally blown into the ocean by the strong wind. We could come out safely but most of us did not remember what had happened. In fact, I was the only one who could somehow navigate the ship out of the ocean. I saw an illusion but that illusion guided me. I believe it was Fair Lady who helped us said the captain. 
So, what is the problem? asked Meg.
The problem is that you can never tell if you are going to reach Sakuratta or come back to Rosetta once you enter the ocean of nothingness, said the captain. I know you are determined to continue this journey, but I wanted to give you the last chance to return.    
Hmm, wondered Meg. I am determined to go on because I feel that is what Im destined to do. But how about you, Captain Relosa? And your sailors?
We already made up our mind before leaving Rosetta, said the captain firmly. And I think I can navigate the ship through the ocean of nothingness if there ever is an exit from there. I could do so once before, so I hope I can do so again.
Thank you, Captain Relosa, said Meg, and looked at Tithy, who was now wide awake. Meg asked,
Tithy, how about you?
I am going with you wherever you go, Meg, answered Tithy shortly. Thats what good rabimous do, and I personally want to see Sakuratta.
Well, then, its decided. We go on, said the captain, and pointed toward the azure part of the ocean that was fast approaching.
Can you see that the ocean changes color from there? asked the captain to Meg. That is where the ocean of nothingness is said to start.
***
The Spring Rose was drifting trapped in the ocean of nothingess. The ocean of nothingness on the surface looked pretty much the same as the normal ocean. However, the enchantment that had been cast on the ocean a long time ago was still there, preventing casual intruders from approaching Sakuratta. Captain Relosa had been trying so hard to navigate the ship through the ocean, but he kept seeing an illusion. An illusion of himself turning into a rose, sometimes into a white one, sometimes into a red one. Captain Relosa could keep his consciousness because he was an extremely experienced sailor, but he was feeling that his sanity was about to give away. The other sailors, who had so well navigated the ship until she entered the ocean of nothingness, had lost consciousness affected by the magical power of the ocean. Tithy was also lying on the deck, though Meg was not entirely sure if she had fallen unconscious like the other sailors or she was just asleep as her belly was heaping up and down.
Meg was not severely affected by its magical power because she was not from Flora, but she was starting to see illusions, or so she thought. She started to hear a voice whispering around her.
Meg, Meg, whispered the voice. Meg thought that she knew the voice but could not remember where she had heard that voice. Why would you like to come to Sakuratta? the voice asked.
To save Rosettalians, answered Meg without thinking twice about the question. She was also surprised by the promptness her answer came out of her mouth.
Are you ready to accept whatever consequences that result from your action? 
Yes, I am.
Even though your story might not necessarily have a happy ending? asked the voice. Meg wondered why the voice asked her such a question, but she said,
Yes. I came here out of my own will, so I know I am responsible for whatever happens to me here.
You have started to look for your own way, said the voice mysteriously. Sakuratta welcomes you.
Then Meg thought for a moment that she saw a pale figure of a fair woman clad all in white. She vaguely thought the figure was familiar to her, but she couldnt see her face.  Then a white flower petal suddenly appeared and started to gleam in front of her. She tried to reach for it, but it started to drift away.
Captain Relosa, shouted Meg at the captain. I think this white flower petal is showing us the way to Sakuratta.
I dont see it, Meg! shouted back the captain, who was struggling with the image of his legs turning into rose vine. Meg noticed that the flower petal was only visible to her.
Ill tell you where the petal is, said Meg.
Why can you be so sure that the petal youre talking about is going to lead us to Sakuratta, Meg? asked the captain.
Because I know this white flower petal, answered Meg. is a petal of a cherry blossom. It is called sakura in Japanese. The name Sakuratta comes from cherry blossoms right? I strongly feel that this petal is going to guide us there.
In answer, Captain Relosa turned the ship toward the direction Meg was pointing to.



Chapter 11: Mishap at the Castle

A dark figure was running along the corridor of the Rose Castle. That figure did not belong to the castle, but all the guards had failed to notice the figure coming into the castle. That figure was looking for someone in order to carry out the mission she was trusted on. 
Marilia was the head ninja of Tulitta. Ninjas were special agents of Tulitta, who carried out secret missions. Unlike the soldiers and guards of the Kingdom, ninjas preferred to use weapons such as daggers and throwing knives rather than swords and long bows. They were also skilled magicians, and they were experts on the spells to bewilder peoples mind. Marilia usually disguised as King Sadaharions daughter and followed wherever he went in order to protect him. However, tonight, she was carrying out a secret mission. A mission that King Sadaharion would trust to nobody else. Marilia also had a personal reason to carry out that mission.
Marilia was a Tulittalian. However, she grew up in Violetta, and she had been serving as the spy for the queen of Violetta before she started to serve King Sadaharion. The queen also called Marilia her best friend. When Violetta was merged into Rosetta, Marilia was the last person to leave the queens side. She insisted on staying, but the queen ordered her to go to Tulitta. She said Marilia should go serve King Sadaharion so that she would one day be able to help restore Violetta. Marilia said she would stay with the queen until the end, but the queen persuaded her to go. Kizunatachi Maiorishihana Utsukushiki Kageniaredomo Hikariwausezu was her true song. It meant the beautiful flower came to a new land, severing the bond it had. It is hidden in the shadow, but the light does not extinguish.
Marilia found the room she was looking for. She could identify the room because its door was gorgeously decorated by the carvings of gold roses. The door was locked, but with an easy trick with a needle, she could open it easily.
Arrogance, muttered Marilia to herself and quietly pushed the door to enter.
***
King Raligion was lying on his bed. He was thinking how the past few days had been some of the worst days he had ever experienced in his life. The castle had been in turmoil. The fountain had completely dried up, and the entire kingdom was relying on the reservoir for survival. Tulitta had not attacked again, but additional groups of soldiers had to be sent to protect the borders. Ken had disappeared from the castle with Mothy, and a search party had been formed to look for him. The kings mind was full of worries and concerns, but there was nothing much he or the prince could do. All they could do was to wait for news, especially news from Meg.
King Raligion had come to the throne at the age of 29, taking after his father at a fairy young age. The truth was that Rosetta and Tulitta had been experiencing tension over Violetta for many years. Violetta was a fertile agricultural Kingdom, and both Rosetta and Tulitta wanted to have Violetta as part of their Kingdom. Violetta did not possess strong armed forces, but the then Queen of Violetta, Viola, was a strategist. At one point, Viola had secretly chosen to conclude a peace treaty with Tulitta, and had been under the protection of Tulitta without the knowledge of Rosetta. King Raligion still did not know for sure why Violetta had chosen Tulitta over Rosetta, but he suspected that Tulitta had offered gold in return.
So it came as a shock when the combined forces of Tulitta and Violetta suddenly attacked Rosetta on the night of his fathers funeral. Tulitta and Rosetta had had a small conflict or two before, but it was the first time Tulitta did actually send its armed forces onto the land of Rosetta. They destroyed the border fences between Violetta and Rosetta, but somehow did not pursue further. However, one mysterious event happened. He went back to his room to find his girlfriend, who happened to be staying at his place that night, stabbed to death by a dagger he had never seen before. There was a carving of a petal of tulip on the dagger, and the room was filled with the scent of violet. As such, he suspected the deed of an assassin from either Violetta or Tulitta, who probably thought it was King Raligion who was sleeping in the bed. Although Rosetta failed to capture the assassin, he had ever since been determined to retaliate for the loss.
After the incident, King Raligion reinforced the borders and the protection of the castle. He developed a very suspicious mind due to the grief of losing his father and his girlfriend. Before the incident, he was a cheerful prince who loved nature. He used to sneak out of the castle at night, spending a night in the moonlit garden. That man was no more. He started to believe that he should become the ruler of the entire Land of Flora so that Rosetta would not be attacked by outside forces ever after. He did not think or care about the consequences his decision might bring. He just wanted to retaliate. He wanted to attack back as soon as possible. However, he was not a foolish man. He was cunning, and he was smart. He was not someone who would fight a losing war. He knew Rosettalian army was just strong enough to prevent Violetta and Tulitta from attacking Rosetta, but not strong enough to win over their combined forces. He pretended that Rosetta had chosen not to open any wars, and waited, and waited for the best opportunity to attack back. Violetta and Tulitta did not attack openly either. He did not understand this as he had come to believe that then King Akiharion of Tulitta was trying to conquer Rosetta. He also believed that Tulitta would destroy Violetta once it succeeded in conquering Rosetta. He knew they were still trying to assassinate him, but the roseknights had so far succeeded in foiling all the plots against him. His concern was not merely a product of imagination as then King Akiharion of Tulitta indeed was a king who favored wars.
King Raligion adopted a baby as his successor when he turned 35. His lost girlfriend was the only person he ever loved, so he did not wish to marry any other lady. However, he realized he needed a successor, and looked for the most beautiful baby in the Kingdom. In the end, he adopted a baby from a farmer who lived near the borders when he went to inspect the area. He became such fond of the baby, whom he named Prligion, and personally taught him everything about ruling a kingdom. It was quite unexpected when Prligion turned to be taller than all Rosettalians he knew, but he decided to turn blind eyes to the possibility that he might not be a native Rosettalian.
As years passed by, King Raligion grew older, and Prince Prligion started to help his father rule the Kingdom. King Raligion assigned Prince Prligion as the commander of the entire army, and he himself retired from the position. However, all these years, King Raligion never forgot the outrage against Violetta and Tulitta, and continued to seek the best opportunity to attack Violetta and Tulitta. King Raligion had also convinced Prince Prligion that Violetta and Tulitta were evil Kingdoms which threaten Rosetta. He finally found the opportunity to seize Violetta when Queen Viola passed away a half year ago. He learned from the spies he had sent to Violetta and Tulitta that there was disagreement as in who should take over the throne, and took advantage of the confusion. The raid went smoothly, and it only took a night to conquer Violetta. Tulitta did not aid Violetta, and King Raligion suspected Tulitta had betrayed Violetta.
Now that Violetta was no more, his main goal was to attack and conquer Tulitta so that he would finally be able to revenge for the loss of his girlfriend more than 30 years ago. He was also concerned about the drought that was upon Rosetta, but for him, this concern meant that Rosetta should attack Tulitta before it was too late. He insisted on attacking Tulitta as soon as possible, but Prince Prligion and Prince Curlipius have so far stopped him. They said the Rosettalian army was not strong enough for that especially with the lack of pure water.
The arrival of Ken and Meg was unexpected, but that meant hope for Rosetta. The fact that siblings were bestowed upon the true song without visiting the Temple of Fair Lady also seemed to suggest they indeed were the siblings in the Story. He was concerned at the same time. The Story is Torn, and he was not yet sure how the Story is going to develop from now on.
Meiooi Umareshimonoyo Kenwotore Tatakainukan Tadakuni no tame was his true song. You are born with a destiny, fight for your country with your sword, King Raligion thought. But I am getting old.
He eventually fell asleep, knowing that Rithy was there to protect him from any evil.
***
Marilia entered the room, ready to throw the dagger at the king.
She thought she stepped on something warm and fluffy.
It jumped, and it bit her arm badly.
She dropped her dagger out of pain.
She managed to shake away the thing that was biting her arm, and kicked it away hard. The alarm bell started to ring, and she heard many soldiers running toward the room. She tried to retrieve the dagger, but she somehow was not able to find it. She reached for her backup dagger, but someone seized her from the behind at that moment. She shove off the attacker, turned and ran, cursing that there was something that the other ninjas had not told her about the protection of the king. She found a window, and jumped. She knew the moment she jumped that she jumped off from too high, but luckily, she had time to reach for the parachute she had brought just in case.
She sensed arrows rushing by her side, but she managed to run away from the castle with only minor cuts and injuries.



Chapter 12: Sakuratta

Wow! Meg exclaimed. In front of her eyes were beautiful cherry blossoms at full bloom.
The Spring Rose had finally come out of the ocean of nothingness an hour ago, guided by the petal of the cherry blossom Meg had spotted. Once the ship cleared the ocean of nothingness, the petal disappeared into nowhere. Meg did not have time to wonder where it had gone because all the crew members including Tithy suddenly woke up, and started to fire questions at Meg and Captain Relosa. They finally saw land ahead of them, and even from some distance, they could see that the entire island was covered by cherry trees. 
They found a quiet cove, and decided to dock the ship there. They were ready to be interfered or attacked as Sakuratta had been known for a mythical place, yet they were able to dock the ship without any interference.
We made it! said Tithy, jumping up and down to get a better view of the land.
It might only be the beginning, cautioned Captain Relosa.
Thank you Captain Relosa for navigating us to Sakuratta, said Meg.
We wouldnt have been able to arrive here without your guidance, said Captain Relosa.
It was the petal that guided us, but I wonder where it was from, wondered Meg aloud, and then remembered what Professor Sherikson had said about Sakuratta. Are there fairies here? she asked.
People say there are. But I dont know for sure, replied the captain. Shall we land? 
Why not? said Meg, and she stepped on the land with Tithy following her. When her foot touched the land, she suddenly felt warmth rushing through her body. She thought she had experienced the sensation somewhere before, but she couldnt recall where or when it was. One of the crew members followed her. However, as soon as his foot touched the land, he screamed, and ran back into the ship.
Whats wrong? asked Meg, but she knew the answer even as she asked.
The mans foot was turning into green. He was turning into a rose. In less than a minute, the man disappeared, and a blue rose was blooming where the man had stood.
Captain Relosa sighed, and carefully picked up the rose, placing it in a vase.
Has he... Meg was not sure how to formulate the question.
Dont worry, answered the captain. I dont think he is dead. He would turn into a white or red rose if the worst had happened.
They didnt tell me anything about blue roses, remembering Meg that she had only heard about red, white, yellow, and pink roses.
A blue rose means that the person has fainted. If we take good care of the blue rose, it will revive soon enough.
I see I hope he will be all right. I dont understand what has happened.
I think the land is enchanted.
What shall we do then?
Captain Relosa looked at Meg, and Meg knew the answer.
That means I have to go on my own from here, right? asked Meg.
Unfortunately, it seems we cant follow you, said Captain Relosa, Although
I can follow, said Tithy, finishing the sentence for the captain.
Then, why are we waiting? said Meg. But first, I need all the information you have about the stone we are looking for.
***
Two hours later, Meg and Tithy were walking around the forest, enjoying the magnificent view of cherry blossoms. Captain Relosa would not let them go unarmed, and Meg was carrying a dagger for the first time in her life. She had refused to wear an armor, but Tithy was wearing one. Captain Relosa had convinced her by saying that there might be a big animal that likes to eat Rabimous. Meg did not miss Captain Relosa winking to another crew member when Tithy agreed to wear an armor made for a Rabimou.
The only thing Meg had been informed of was that the legend told that the stones to revive water were hidden in a cave near a waterfall. So far, they had not seen any water in the forest, but they had started to hear the sound of a stream. As Tithys hearing was better than Megs, Tithy was leading the way. As nothing had interfered with their stroll so far, Meg was thinking that they might be able to find the stone in no time.
Tithy suddenly came to a halt, and Meg almost stepped on her.
What started Meg, but Tithy hushed her and pointed toward the upper left.
There on top of a nearby cherry blossom perched the largest butterfly Meg had ever seen, and it looked poisonous. Meg instinctively knew that they were in danger, and she grabbed the hilt of the dagger hard.
The butterfly swooped down, firing needles from its body to attack. Tithy jumped at it to protect Meg. It got off balance at the sudden movement of Tithy, and the needles all missed. It cried. Before Meg thought it was unusual for a butterfly to cry, Meg and Tithy were surrounded by more than 20 butterflies of the giant size.
Run, Tithy! shouted Meg, and together they tried to run away from the army of butterflies. But Meg knew they wouldnt make it. The butterflies were too fast. Tithy must have thought of the same thing as she shouted at Meg, We need to find cover!
Where? shouted back Meg.
There! Tithy was pointing to a small hut under a cherry tree in front of them.
They rushed to the hut, but the door was closed. Desperation engulfed their heart as they heard the sounds of butterflies closing by.
Suddenly, an old man appeared from nowhere, and opened the door for them.
Enter, and close the door, he said.
Meg and Tithy didnt have time to wonder if the old man was a friend or a foe, but they followed his instruction.
They heard the old man shout something at the butterflies. Meg thought the language was vaguely familiar, but could not make out what the old man said. They heard the butterflies screech, and the area suddenly became quiet again.
The door opened, and the old man entered.
Welcome to Sakuratta, he said.
Thank you for helping us, but would you mind if we ask who you are, sir? asked Meg.
Ah, that, smiled the old man, and Meg noticed that some teeth were missing. He must be a very old man, thought Meg. I am known as the guardian of Sakuratta, and I forgot my name many years ago. But I know who you are, Meg and Tithy.
Why do you know our names? asked Tithy.
I am always well informed, said the old man, winking at Meg. I travel around the Land of Flora to keep an eye on what is going on in the Land of our Fair Lady.
Meg sensed Tithy tense.
I think you appear in the legends, said Tithy.
Ha, ha, ha, laughed the old man. I sure do. Although I forgot my true name, I am aware I am known as the Fierce Wizard in the Kingdoms.
The Fierce Wizard? repeated Meg, thinking that the man might not be a safe person if he had such a title.
Dont worry. I can transport myself from one place to another, so thats why people call me a wizard. I am not aware of the fierce part though. People might have added that title because I tend to appear in places of trouble.
What were those butterflies?
Oh they are just wild giant butterflies. They attack anything that moves around on the ground. Fairies have tried to eradicate them before, but it didnt really work.
Wait, fairies? Are there really fairies in this place? asked Meg.
Oh, of course. They are good at hiding themselves, so I dont think youll see them. They are harmless, so dont worry.
I wish I could see one.
You might if you stay in Sakuratta long enough, but I dont recommend you to do that.
Why not?
The time runs differently in Sakuratta, and a day in Sakuratta counts as two days elsewhere, so you need to be careful.
Then, we need to hurry all the more, said Meg. We are looking for a stone to revive the Fountain of Bara in Rosetta.
Yes, I am aware of that, said the old man. However, I cant lead you directly to where the stones are. Fair Lady is strict about what I do to help rare visitors to Sakuratta from other Kingdoms. I can give you a good cup of tea and a hint though.
Thank you, said Meg, wondering if he had ever met the person they call as Fair Lady.
Tithy asked the question aloud, Have you met Fair Lady before?
Ah another good question. Im afraid its also a secret.
***
After a pleasant tea break at the old mans hut, Meg and Tithy resumed their stroll among the forest. The old man had given them a puzzling hint along with some food to take with them. What does water require to become a waterfall? Neither Tithy nor Meg had so far succeeded in deciphering the puzzle. So they were again walking toward the sound of the stream, thinking hard what the old mans hint meant.
As the weather had become a bit windier than before, some petals of cherry blossoms were falling. Meg noticed suddenly.
Tithy, a waterfall needs to fall, said Meg.
What do you mean Meg? asked Tithy with a puzzled look on her face.
Water cannot fall unless there is difference in the altitude.
Ah! Why didnt we think of it sooner said Tithy, and ran up a nearby cherry tree to get a clearer view. There is a hill! she shouted from the top of the tree.
***
Aboard the Spring Rose, Captain Relosa was getting more and more worried. It had only been several hours since the two left, and he knew they would need more time to complete the mission. However, he was wondering if his decision to let Meg and Tithy go was the right decision. He now knew for sure that the crew members including himself would not be able to follow the two. One of the brave crew members had actually tried to follow Meg and Tithy, and had turned into another blue rose. They had succeeded in reviving the first man, and was waiting for the other man to come by.
At least the weathers is fine, thought the captain.
***
It took Meg and Tithy three more hours to reach the hill Tithy had found. Fortunately, they didnt encounter any more giant butterflies. However, they were exhausted by the time they reached the hill, and the night was closing on. There was a stream by the hill, and they soon found a waterfall by following the stream. However, they didnt see any cave around or behind the waterfall. After a futile search of the area for an hour, Meg and Tithy decided to call it a day, and rested under a magnificent cherry tree by the stream. The moon and stars soon started to appear in the now darkened sky.
***
Both of them fell so deep asleep that neither of them noticed that a lady clad in white appeared from nowhere and approached them. She whispered to the tree behind Meg and Tithy, and a hollow appeared.
Kooritoke Mizuotokikoyu Tanoshikuni Sakurakaguwashi Harunosoyokaze, whispered the Lady. Good to see you again, Meg.
She then turned to Tithy and whispered, Airashiki Oofurinagara Kakeyorinu Tadashikikokoro Senriwomoiku. A royal servant, with a cute tail, a perfect true song for this cute rabimou.
She then turned on the spot, and disappeared.



Chapter 13: Difference in Perspectives

Your majesty, I have failed you. Marilia said to King Sadaharion.
Its all right. Dont apologize. Im glad you have come back safely. Could you tell me what happened? asked the king, so Marilia told the king how her attempt of assassinating King Raligion had failed.
Raligion indeed is cunning. Who would think a rabimou would be trained to protect its master when their primary job is to serve tea and clear the room. Although and the king asked one of the guards to call Mothy. When he arrived, the king asked to Mothy,
Are rabimous in Rosetta trained to fight and protect their master?
No, not that I know of. Well, we try to protect our master when our master is in danger, but what we can do is very limited. We are not trained to fight.
I see. Thank you, Mothy. Also, how is Ken doing?
He is tired from the training he had never received before, chuckled Mothy. Sorry, but its been fun to watch Ken. He has proved himself to be a very talented swordsman though. It seems he has also been contemplating over some issues. I am surprised how Ken has changed in this short period of time.
Oh, he also asked me if you have a boyfriend, Marilia, added Mothy, grinning.
Thats strange. All I cast on him was the enchantment to have him believe blindly what King Sadaharion was telling him, remarked Marilia.
King Sadaharion and Mothy looked at each other, and Mothy said, well, love is also blind, and love at first sight is blind too.
Anyway, what shall we do now? asked Marilia to the king, trying to change the topic.
Indeed, we should decide on what to do. 
If its time for a council, I am leaving, said Mothy, bowing.
No, no you can stay, Mothy, said the king. You have been serving me very well, and you deserve to stay.
Thank you, your majesty, said Mothy, and he sat on a small chair by the wall. His tail pushed one of the buttons on the wall as he jumped onto the chair, but he did not notice this.
If their Fountain has truly dried up, this must be the best opportunity to attack, observed the king. We have Ken, and Ken believes us, so we might be able to conquer Rosetta once and for all.
Conquer Rosetta? asked Mothy.
Ah, Mothy, I almost forgot that we had not told you our true intention, said the king. Let me briefly explain it to you so that you can further fill us in with the latest information of the Rosettalian court.
The truth was that King Sadaharions father, the late King Akiharion, had tried to conquer all the Kingdoms of the Land of Flora. King Akiharion was a strong believer of the Story, and he believed that the Story said there should be one true ruler of the Land of Flora besides Fair Lady. He believed that the true Union would be formed if one ruler governed the five Kingdoms. He soon found out that it was impossible nor useful to have Sakuratta under his rule, so he focused on the other three Kingdoms. About 40 years ago, Tulitta attacked Daffolitta. Daffolitta had never fully recovered from the earthquake that severed it from the other Lands, so it was easy to overwhelm the Kingdom. However, King Akiharion decided to conclude a peace treaty so that he would indirectly be able to rule the Kingdom as well. People whispered that Fair Lady had interfered at the last moment to prevent King Akiharion from destroying Daffolitta.
King Akiharion had also been secretly trying to merge with Violetta. As Rosetta was a relatively strong Kingdom, he did not prefer to start an open war with the Kingdom just yet. The Story bestowed on Tulitta told of a powerful King coming to the throne in Rosetta, who would try to overwhelm Tulitta. As such, King Akiharion became very concerned when King Raligion came to the throne. King Akiharion had succeeded in capturing the heart of Queen Viola of Violetta, so they sent a combined force into Rosetta. They also sent an assassin, a ninja of Tulitta to the castle. However, both plots failed. The combined force of the two kingdoms were somehow stopped by a strong wind that started to blow from nowhere. The attempt of assassination also failed, the assassinator killing the kings girlfriend by mistake.
King Akiharion realized too late that it was this failed attempt of assassination that actually created a powerful King who would try to overwhelm Tulitta. King Akiharion passed away 15 years ago, and King Sadaharon came to the throne. As he did not like his father constantly plotting against other Kingdoms, King Sadaharion became a kind king. Uruwashiki Tamihikiyuruwa Satoshiou Osorewoshiranu Ginokokoronari- the fearless wise king leads his people with the heart of royalty was his true song. Unlike his father, he did not show much interest in becoming the ruler of the Land of Flora. Nevertheless, he loved Tulitta, and regarded King Raligion of Rosetta as the utmost danger to his kingdom. Daffolitta and Tulitta renewed a peace treaty 10 years ago, and had been maintaining a more friendly relationship ever since. He still regretted not sending enough force to Violetta when Rosetta attacked. He was not particularly fond of the new queen, and he had assumed that Violettalian army, though not very strong, was capable of protecting the Kingdom at least for a night. It was already too late when the reinforcement from Tulitta arrived in Violetta. As Violetta was a small kingdom, most of the lands had already been devastated by the attack. The border villages had especially suffered from the attack, and there were only few survivors. He wondered what had happened to the queen. Some farmers then told him that the queen had not been captured and was now hiding in one of the farm houses. However, they told him that she did not wish to meet him. As it was understandable given the circumstance, he did not press the matter further. However, from this incident, he became certain that King Raligion was still determined to destroy Tulitta.
King Sadaharion also wanted to retrieve his son from Rosetta. It was true that his son had been kidnapped when he was playing in the castle garden more than 25 years ago. The guards had been drugged to sleep, and he disappeared along with four boys from the families lived in the castle. King Sadaharion had been focusing on assassinating King Raligion because the Story told that peace would be achieved between Tulitta and Rosetta once the powerful king of Rosetta passed away. He hoped Prince Prligion would choose peace once he learned that he was a Tulittalian by heritage. However, he was not entirely sure about this, and part of him was saying that it might be better if Tulitta conquered Rosetta once and for all. He had told Ken that the entire Story was preserved in Tulitta, but that was actually not the case. As the Story of Rosetta, the Story of Tulitta also had some gaps toward the end. He did not want any people to suffer, but if a war became inevitable, he was determined to protect Tulittalians.
But for now, our main focus is still on eliminating King Raligion. Meg is with Rosetta. If the Story realizes, peace might finally be achieved. We believe Ken is capable of destroying Raligion. In fact, Ken is our only hope now that we know even the most skilled ninja of our kingdom was not able to carry out the mission. No, Marilia, Im not blaming you at all.
Why didnt you tell Ken the full story the other day? asked Mothy. I noticed that Marilia was using magic.
We were worried that we would not be able to convince Ken. The Story tells he would not survive, but we cant let him choose his way. We need him to become the savior of Tulitta.
Does it mean you are planning to sacrifice Ken? Mothy looked even scared. 
I wish I didnt have to. I see Ken as a fine young man. But my priority is on Tulitta. I am a believer of the Story, but I also understand that not everything in the Story has been realized. There is always hope that Ken might survive after all. 
Whats our plan then? asked Marilia.
We have to find a way to send Ken back to Rosetta as an assassin. Do you think you can cast a spell on Ken like you did the other day?
I could. But the only problem is that my spell might not last once he leaves the realm of Tulitta. I dont think we can afford to take the risk.
That means we have to lure Raligion out of his castle, observed the king. I dont want to do this, but it seems we have to attack Rosetta. I am aware of what happened to my fathers army last time Tulitta tried to attack Rosetta. However, different circumstances are likely to result in different consequences. We have to give it a try.
And there was silence in the room for a few minutes.
Suddenly, they heard shouts outside of the door.
Please, please wait a moment. Im going to open the door! one of the guards was shouting at someone. Marilia prepared her bow to shoot an arrow.
The door opened, and Ken entered.
But he might have chosen to do that anyway if you had told him the truth from the beginning, said Ken calmly.  
Ken, what are you talking about? asked the king slowly. Marilia opened her mouth as well, but Ken said, No, Marilia. I dont need any more enchantment. I can see that you are beautiful without you enchanting me. Marilia blushed despite herself.
I was in my room, continued Ken. And I suddenly started to hear voices. I heard the whole story.
But how? wondered the king. Unless and both the king and Marilia stared at the wall behind Mothy.
Why are you staring at me? asked Mothy.
Because I think you pressed the broadcast button by mistake, said Marilia casually. Im glad you didnt press the button that connects this room to the entire castle. 
Oh gasped Mothy.
Its okay, said Ken. I have been wondering why I was brought to this world. I was initially only thinking about finding a way to go back to my world. But I have also started to think that there should be a reason why I came here. I didnt believe us to be special when I first heard the Story with Meg. But Meg might have been all right. It is strange if we came here for no reason. My heart somehow tells me that I am in the right place now. My heart tells me that I am in the right place now. I cant explain why, but I strongly feel I am meant to work for Tulitta. You didnt have to enchant me in the first place.
Could it be love? suggested Mothy to Ken, and Marilia hushed him too late.
It might be, answered Ken calmly. I love you, Marilia.
Oh. Marilia was not sure how to respond, as she was not expecting this development.
But I also know that we are not meant to be, continued Ken, and Marilia was surprised that she was disappointed to hear that. I somehow felt really uncomfortable in Rosetta. I felt hostility toward King Raligion whenever I saw him. I dont really like Prince Prligion either, but it might be because I feel Meg likes him.
Could you explain that a bit more in detail? asked Mothy, and again Marilia failed to poke him in time.
Well, it is hard to explain. I love Meg as my sister and I want to be the one to protect her. But I feel Prince Prligion will take my place instead if Meg really likes him. I am afraid of losing her. I have been thinking over this as well. I want to go back to my world, and I want Meg to come back with me. But at the same time, I feel that Meg will be happier if she stays behind.
But why are you so sure you can go back to your world? asked Mothy again, and Marilia gave up her attempt to stop Mothy from asking awkward questions. This time, it took a while for Ken to answer.
Well, I did hear you say that the Story tells that I wont survive. But it might just mean I wont survive in this world. The song that was given to me says that my life is strong. I might be able to go back to my world if I, well, die in this world.
You have indeed thought very well, remarked King Sadaharion. I apologize that we tried to force you to work for us.
Does it mean I have figured out the Story by myself?
Well, again, I prefer not to share the entire Story with you because I would like you to follow your heart, said the king. This time, I really mean it.
I still have a question, said Ken. What are you going to do to Rosetta if Prince Prligion does not act as you hope him to do? I heard you discussing about the possibility of conquering Rosetta, so Im concerned. I dont want to leave Meg in danger.
I know my words wont be satisfactory since we have tried to deceive you once. I promise to do our best to have peace with Rosetta. I would also like to restore Violetta if we can. Besides, Meg is there. If her part of the Story also realizes, there should be peace.
What do you mean by her part of the Story?
She will remain in Rosetta, said the king shortly.
I guess all I can do is trust your words
Here. Let me seal the words for you, Ken, said Marilia.
Seal the words?
I am a skilled magician. I can seal the words so that the promise wont be breakable. Your majesty, would you let me?
Certainly, you may.
Yakusoku, whispered Marilia, and Ken felt the air shimmer for a moment. Ken believed Marilia not only because he had come to love her but also because he knew that yakusoku meant promise in Japanese.
Thank you, said Ken. I have no idea what to do though. You need to instruct me. Also, is there a way to talk with Meg before, well, things happen? Does Meg already know Im here?
It was Marilias time to smile.
I can arrange that easily.



Chapter 14: Sounds of War

More than five days had passed since Meg left and Ken disappeared from Rosetta. The Fountain had not shown any sign of revival either. King Raligion, Prince Prligion, Captain Curlipian, and the professors were holding councils day after day. After the last failed assassination attempt on King Raligion, the council had agreed that there would be a war between Rosetta and Tulitta sooner or later. From the perspective of Rosettalians, King Sadaharion, like his father Akiharion, was a threat to Rosetta. In addition, the Story of Rosetta described danger approaching from west, and Tulitta was located exactly to the west of Rosetta. The differences in the Story of Rosetta and Tulitta were not contradictory. It was just a matter of perspective. As Tulitta regarded Rosetta to be a danger, Rosetta also regarded Tulitta as a danger. There had been reports from the border areas that the number of the Tulittalian soldiers patrolling the borderline had increase dramatically over the past week. What they had failed to agree so far was whether to attack Tulitta openly or not. 
King Raligion strongly claimed that they should attack Tulitta first, taking surprise to their advantage. Captain Curlipian had initially disagreed, saying that the lack of water might danger his soldiers. However, he had come to think that the longer they waited, the slimmer their chance of winning would become. Prince Prligion, on the other hand, was not sure about initiating the attack. He insisted that they should wait for Meg before they take any action. The professors were divided too. Professor Mistel agreed with Prince Prligion that the Fountain of Bara should first be revived. She was a linguist, but she was also a strategist. The study of True Language had led her to be a manipulator of the language. Professor Sherikson was with King Raligion. He was concerned about Kens absence especially because Kens part of the Story had been torn. The council suspected that Ken had been kidnapped although no concrete evidence had been found so far. They had decided that they would not inform Meg of this possibility when she returned from Sakuratta.
We cant afford to wait any longer. King Raligion was getting irritated. Why are you so sure that Meg would come back soon, Professor Mistel? 
As I have told you, your majesty, I have consulted the first servant of the Temple of Fair Lady. She said she heard an oracle from the Lady.
What was it again?
She said the Lady informed her that Meg had safely arrived in Sakuratta.
But she didnt hear anything about Rosetta and Tulitta, right?
That is true.
Did she say she asked the Lady about that?
She said the Lady seemed to be avoiding the topic.
That is very strange, isnt it? 
It might be, it might not be. This was Professor Sherikson. Your majesty, the end of the Story says that the Will did not overpower the Story, the Will became the Story. My interpretation is that the Lady might be trying to us her people to choose our way. 
Then why cant we initiate the attack before we get attacked?
We need to make sure we have enough water to keep the fight going. Prince Prligion reminded.
Dont we have enough water in our reservoir for now?
We have enough water to last two more weeks. But if it comes to fighting, soldiers will need more water.
We can decrease the provision of water to households which do not have soldiers.
I cant agree with your idea, father.
Well, said King Raligion, in case you havent noticed, I ordered to stop sending water to the Outer City a while ago, but we havent heard complaints so far, right?
What, gasped Prince Prligion. That is a news to me.
I didnt like the idea. But the Inner City should be the priority.
But arent people suffering?
Prligion, what is done cannot be undone. Focus on what we have to do now.
Prince Prligion felt doubts rising inside him. He had thought King Raligion as a stubborn yet a king of justice, and he never expected the king would do such a thing.
Besides, we could obtain water from Tulitta if everything goes successfully. If Meg comes back in a timely manner, thats all the better.
King Raligion looked around the room, and said firmly. It is time to fight. I say we make plans today, we make preparation tomorrow, and we attack Tulitta on the dawn of the next day. The time of waiting is now over.
Captain Curlipian and Professor Sherikson nodded to express their agreement. Professor Mistel hesitated, but then said,
If that indeed is your majestys will, I will do my best to play my role.
Thank you, Professor Mistel. It leaves you Prligion. I understand you have the final say in this matter because you are the commander of the army.
I still dont like the idea of a preemptive attack. However, if that is indeed the will of the council, I will make it the consensus, and carry out the plan.
Then its decided.



Chapter 15: Magic and Farewell

Meg, Meg. Can you hear me?
Ken? Meg woke up, and looked around. The morning had come, and she could hear birds twittering to each other. She could also hear the sound of the stream, but she couldnt make out where the voice was coming from.
Where are you, Ken?
Over here, I see you.
Where?
In front of you. And Meg realized that Kens voice was coming from one of the petals of cherry blossoms that had fallen over the night.
I can hear you, but I cant see you.
Come closer, and take the petal in your hand. Look at it closely.
Meg found the right petal, and picked it up. When Meg looked at it, she could vaguely figure out Kens face.
Ken, its good to talk to you again! I miss you.
I miss you, too, Meg. This connection only holds for several minutes. Marilia had told Ken that the connection would last only for several minutes, and that she would not be able to cast the spell again for at least a week due to its precarious nature. Is everything going all right?
Yes, yes. We are still looking for the Stones, but we should be on our way back as soon as we find one. How is it going back in Rosetta? I cant wait to see you.
Sis, said Ken, and paused. Meg sensed something in his tone.
What is it Ken?
I just wanted to let you know that we might not be able to see each other for a while. 
What do you mean? Meg, to her own surprise, sounded calm. Well see each other when I get back to Rosetta, right?
Sis, I need you to stay strong and confident in yourself. Remember, I am always in your heart even when we are apart.
What are you saying, Ken?
I think Im going back to my world soon.
Have you found a way back?
I think I have, but I dont think I can take you with me if I take this route. I dont want to leave you in this world, but Im guessing youd like to stay. 
Meg was silent for a minute. And she finally said, Yes, I would like to stay. I feel this world is where Im meant to live.
Sis, which kingdom do you think you belong to?
Rosetta.
Why?
I just know thats where I belong to. I feel I also belong to Sakuratta since my flower is cherry blossoms. But Rosetta will be my home.
Is it because of the Story? What if someone tells you that the Story is a lie, and you have been used by Rosetta?
I feel I is unlikely, said Meg. However, I chose Rosetta out of my own will. I chose to come to this adventure because I wanted to. And Ken knew that Meg really meant it, so he simply said,
I want you to be happy, Meg. I wish I could stay with you, but I know this world is not where I belong to.
Kens eyes and Megs eyes met, and they both understood that this would be their parting.
Sis, I promised to protect you. But you dont need me to protect you anymore. You have grown and changed in this short period of time, and I feel you are more than capable of standing on your own. Ken paused, and then added, Trust Prince Prligion.
Thank you, Ken. Im going to miss you so much. But do live a happy life. I feel that Ill disappear from the world where we came from, but please remember me. And if anybody else remembers me, please tell them that I miss them.
Yes, I will. And please remember me as your gentle brother no matter what happens.
Of course, said Meg, but she suddenly remembered the dream she saw the other day. Ken, where are you talking to me from?
The connection is fading, Meg. I didnt expect us to part in this way. 
Neither did I.
Meg, youre always my dear sister even though we will be apart. Kens voice was now fading. The magic that connected the two places was starting to wear off. 
Ill always always remember you, and Ill always think of you, Ken.
Bye, Meg.
Bye, Ken.
A wind blew, and lifted the petal off Megs palm. Meg wiped a tear off her face. The Land of Flora, this is where I belong to. She said to herself. And Rosetta is my home.
Meg! called Tithy. There is a hollow in the tree! Its not a cave, but I see something inside.
The hollow turned out to be too small for Meg to enter. Tithy, in spite of her fear of darkness, went into the hollow and found a beautiful crystal inside. When Meg touched the crystal, it became warm in her hands. This must be it, thought Meg.
***
Meg! Tithy! Captain Relosa was relieved to see them approaching the ship. Two days had passed since their departure and he had been really worried. The ship had been attacked by giant butterflies several times over the two days. The crew members had successfully defended the ship and themselves, but Captain Relosa had become worried that Meg and Tithy might have been in danger.
Are you all right? Arent you hurt or anything? asked the captain.
We are fine, and we have achieved the aim of our adventure.
You mean you have found the Stone.
Yes, we have.
I knew you would be able to find it, but its still a great news. You should get some rest, Meg and Tithy. We will go back to Rosetta as fast as we can. We are needed. 
An hour later, the Spring Rose was sailing back to Rosetta at its top speed. The ocean of nothingness did not prevent the ship from sailing through. Captain Relosa thought it was because they were trying to leave Sakuratta. Meg and Tithy were sound asleep in their cabin, exhausted from their adventure. The Stone was safely hidden in their cabin. Meg was having a dream of a beautiful spring morning, without knowing that a war had begun between Rosetta and Tulitta.



Chapter 16: The Fate

The war between Rosetta and Tulitta was fierce. Rosetta first attacked Tulitta, but Tulitta was expecting the attack. Both armies crashed at the border, and the area was soon filled with red roses and red tulips. Nothing interfered with the fight this time. Rosetta was initially winning. The Rosettalian army surged into Tulitta. However, ninjas of Tulitta were working with the Tulittalan army, and they attacked the Rosettalian soldiers with magic once they crossed the border. They magically depleted water from the water bottles of the soldiers so that they would not be able to fight well. Rosetta initially did not have any idea what was going on, and kept sending water to the front line despite the water shortage. As such, the reservoir of Rosetta was drying up fast. Tulitta in this way soon succeeded in pushing Rosetta back. Both armies were exhausted by then, and ceased fire for a while. 
It was at this time when Meg came back to Rosetta with the Stone. Meg was shocked to see soldiers fighting and dying, but she stood strong. She brought the Stone to the Fountain of Bara with Prince Prligion. Professor Mistel also came along. Meg placed the Stone into the hole dug under the fountain. However, nothing happened.
Im pretty sure this is the Stone, said Meg, picking up the Stone again.
I believe you, Meg. We might be placing it in a wrong place.
We could try to place it on the fountain, but I cant reach the top.
Let me give it a try. Prince Prligion said, and stretched his arm to receive the Stone from Meg. When his hand touched Megs hand, the Stone became dramatically warm. Meg almost dropped it by surprise, but she held on to it.
What has just happened? asked Meg. It became hot!
Ah, said Professor Mistel. What is the strongest thing in the world?
True Language? suggested Meg. 
That too. But there is something else although you really need to mean it. And I think somebody really means it, and Professor Mistel winked at Prince Prligion. Meg wondered what Mitchy was talking about.
However, it seemed the prince had understood the puzzle. He approached Meg, and asked her do you remember the promise I made before you left?
Yes. You promised me to take me to the most beautiful place in Rosetta.
This Garden of Peace is the place I was talking about. Do you know why I made that promise? And Meg understood what the prince meant.
Prince Prligion kissed Meg gently, and Meg felt herself blush.
Aishiteru, said the prince, I love you, Meg.
I love you too.
And they kissed again.
Lo! The Stone in Megs hand suddenly started to pound. Meg let it go, surprised by the suddenly movement. The Stone fell into the hole, and suddenly, water started to flow out of the fountain again.
Water is back! You did it, Meg!
No, we did it!
Well, congratulations! Im going to report to the castle that water is back, said Mitchy. She winked and added, I can do this errand by myself.
***
Two hours later, another council was being held in the castle of Rosetta. The castle was full of hope now that the Fountain of Bara had been revived. Meg soon noticed that Ken was missing, but she did not say anything. King Raligion insisted on conquering Tulitta once and for all. He said,
We have enough supply of water. We should be able to do this.
But we keep getting our water bottles depleted once we cross the borderline, said Captain Curlipian. We believe there are some magicians among the Tulittalian army. We can try to outnumber them, but Im not sure if the plan will succeed.
Cant you do something about this, professors?
We might be able to use the true language to stop this, said Professor Mistel, and she whispered something to the captain. The captain nodded and said,
We will give this strategy a try.
Good. I hope we can eradicate the Tulittalians soon.
Eradicate? Meg couldnt help asking. Why do you have to do such a thing?
Did you really think Im just trying to overthrow the regime? said the king. This is also my personal revenge. He raised his voice, and Meg wondered if he was getting slightly crazy. I want to get rid of as many Tulittalians as possible.
What? This was Prince Prligion. Youve never told me about this before. Arent we fighting so that Rosetta will be protected? Taking unnecessary lives is a whole different story, and it is unacceptable.
It doesnt matter. Just try to kill or seize King Sadaharion first. In fact, Im going to march out myself, and see to it. I temporarily relieve you of the Commander of the army, Prligion. Im going to command the army.
But, started Prince Prligion, but he was interrupted by a guard who ran into the room.
Tulittalians have attacked again! one of the guards shouted at them, and they all ran out of the room.
***
The Rosettalian army, with the help of sufficient pure water, proved to be stronger than the Tulittalian army. The strategy Mitchy had come up with, which was to freeze the movements of spell casters by using the true language, proved to be highly effective as well. Mitchy regretted sharing the idea because the new commander King Raligion showed no sign of mercy. He ordered the soldiers to kill as many Tulittalians as possible, and also to burn their houses. Prince Prligion and Meg tried to bring him back to senses, but he wouldnt listen. He ordered several soldiers to confine Meg into a castle room until everything was over. He also ordered them to kill Meg if Prince Prligion showed any sign of deference.
The Rosettalian army was approaching the central city of Tulitta. Too many red tulips were blooming along the path the army had taken. King Sadaharion was fighting in the front line, but he was sensing that it was a matter of time that they would lose. He knew that surrendering was not an option because it was now apparent that King Raligion was trying to destroy Tulitta once and for all. Marilia and Ken were also fighting next to him. The Rosettalian army now knew that Ken was working for Tulitta.
An arrow suddenly flew at them, and Marilia was struck.
Marilia! Ken shouted.
Marilia was still breathing.
Ken, it was good to meet you. I wish wed had time to get to know each other better.
Marilia, dont.
Ken, please save Tulitta. And she turned into a red tulip.
No Marilia.
But there wasnt time for lament. The Rosettalian army was now at the city wall. Ken finally saw King Raligion triumphantly marching with the army, and knew it was time to carry out his mission. He recalled the dream he had the first day he came to Flora. You have come to find who you truly are, the voice in the dream had said. Suddenly, Ken noticed who Fair Lady was, and his heart was filled with courage.
King Sadaharion! It was an honor to serve you. Ken said, and jumped into the Rosettalian army. He felt arrows piercing him, but he did not halt. He soon reached King Raligion.
Oh, Ken. I think you are too late. Your friend Tulitta is going to disappear soon. King Raligion jeered at Ken. The kings eyes were set in a strange manner, and Ken saw that the king was not himself anymore.
No, Tulitta wont disappear. Peace is what Flora needs. And he shouted his true song, Oozorani Sobiyutaiboku Chikarazuyoshi Konohachiredomo Inochiwahatezu.
A strong smell of peppermint engulfed the field, and a tremendous explosion occurred. The explosion was so large that all the soldiers stopped fighting.
When the fire and smoke cleared, there was a magnificent red rose, indicating that King Raligion had passed away. There also were red roses scattered around the area of explosion. However, for an explosion of this size, the number of casualties was relatively small. Ken was nowhere to be seen.
Suddenly, a warm wind blew from nowhere, and everyone in the field heard a voice. It said, The Land of Flora, forever. The Will did not overpower the Story, the Will became the Story.
The new king of Rosetta, I wonder if we could talk, called out King Sadaharion.
***
A peace treaty was soon concluded between Rosetta and Tulitta. They also agreed on to restore Violetta, and a new and true Union was restored on the Land of Flora. King Sadaharion after all decided to tell King Prligion of his identity. King Prligion initially found it hard to believe, but accepted the fact once he stood back to back with King Sadaharion and found that they were exactly of the same height. However, he was a true Rosettalian at heart, so Rosettalian people happily accepted King Prligion as their new king. His true song, Tenkuuni Hikarikagayaku Taiyouyo Terasechinoue Tamiwomichibike, lead the people as the sun shines upon the earth, thus came true.
Many funerals had to be held as many soldiers had sadly deceased in the war. All the flowers were retrieved, and were carefully replaced in the Gardens. Meg lamented over the loss of Ken, but she remembered his parting words, and stood strong.
When the period of mourning was over, a wedding ceremony of Prligion and Meg was held. Delegates and guests from Tulitta, Daffolitta, and Violetta gathered, and it was indeed a cheerful day. There was a lot of singing and dancing, and the guests were especially entertained by the dance performance by rabimous.
A surprise was waiting for Meg when she was alone in her room after the feast. Prince Prligion was not in the room as he had gone out to see the delegates and guests off. Meg was drowsing on her bed, and suddenly the old man from Sakuratta appeared. 
Oh, I must have miscalculated the time difference, said the old man, his eyes twinkling. But the Fair Lady is with me.
You have done a very good job, Meg.
It was Megs mother.



Epilogue

Please wake up. We have landed.
Ken drowsily opened his eyes. Whats going on? he asked. He was back on the plane, and the plane had landed. Where am I?
We are at Narita International Airport. Welcome to Japan. The cabin attendant smiled at him. We experienced some turbulence during our flight, but I hope you had a pleasant flight, and she left.
Where is Meg? Ken thought, and looked at the seat next to him. Meg was not there. Instead, there was a beautiful rose petal on the seat. Ken realized that the Land of Flora was not a dream, and that Meg had really chosen to stay there. Ken said to the petal, Sis, I've come back. As Ken reached for the petal, it disappeared.
As the passengers started to get off the plane, Ken decided to ask the cabin attendant another question.
Excuse me. Was there somebody sitting next to me?
No. That seat was empty from the beginning.
Oh, I see. Thank you.
Ken stood up, took a deep breath, and stepped forward.
He knew that a new adventure was waiting for him.





