Abby
Mail Order Bride
Unconventional Series

By

Verna Clay



This book is dedicated to those who do not always follow the dictates of convention.
Abby: Mail Order Bride
Unconventional Series

Copyright  2012 by Verna Clay

Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.

For information contact:
VernaClay@VernaClay.com
Website: www.VernaClay.com

Published by:
M.O.I. Publishing
"Mirrors of Imagination"

Cover Design: Verna Clay
Pictures: Dreamstime

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Order of Unconventional Series:
Abby: Mail Order Bride
Broken Angel
Ryder's Salvation
Joy's Return
Dear Readers,

After writing a contemporary western, I decided to try my hand at writing an historical western. The year I chose for beginning the love story between Brant Samson and Abigail Mary Vaughn is 1886, and the setting is Central/Eastern Texas, a place of rolling hills, many trees, and lush vegetation. In my research, I discovered that the winter of 1886-1887 was severe and didn't bode well for the cattle industry. That fact worked well with my story.
Except for the obvious cities of Philadelphia, Abilene, Dallas, and Ft. Worth, the towns and geographical places I describe are figments of my imagination.
This story is first and foremost a romance, the body of which revolves around the sorrows, dreams, and emotional healings of its characters.

Verna Clay
Table of Contents
Chapter 1:  Courage or Folly?
Chapter 2:  Butterflies
Chapter 3:  Eight Eyes
Chapter 4:  Cookies
Chapter 5:  Ornery Chickens
Chapter 6:  Miz Pitts
Chapter 7:  Barn-Raising
Chapter 8:  Wedding Day
Chapter 9:  Honeymoon Blues
Chapter 10:  Awakenings
Chapter 11:  Tidings of Great Joy
Chapter 12:  Luke
Chapter 13:  Birthdays
Chapter 14:  Life's Twist
Chapter 15:  Endless Despair
Chapter 16: Toothless Charlie
Chapter 17:  Sorrow Expressed
Chapter 18:  Revelations
Chapter 19:  Homecoming
Epilogue
Author's Note
Stranded in Oasis (Excerpt)
Cry of the West: Hallie (Excerpt)
Novels and Novellas by Verna Clay

Chapter 1:  Courage or Folly?

Abigail picked up the newspaper advertisement for the hundredth time, read it again, reread it, and tossed it back on the desk in her library. Smoothing her hand over the sides of her auburn hair and the bun at the nape of her neck, she pushed her chair back and walked from the library to the parlor. Pacing the length of the lovely room, she stopped occasionally to straighten a vase or lift a family photo, all the while contemplating something so crazy it made her heart pound.
After an hour, she squared her shoulders, returned to the library, sat at her desk, slipped a piece of stationary from the drawer, reached for her ink and quill, and wrote:

March 18, 1886

Dear Mr. Samson,
I am writing to introduce myself. My name is Abigail Mary Vaughn and I read your classified advertisement in the Philadelphia Inquirer seeking a wife to help raise your three children. I would like to recommend myself. By trade, I am a teacher and that would benefit your children.
I have never been married and I am thirty-eight years old. I have lived in Philadelphia all my life and taught school for the past eighteen years. I am an only child and my parents died last year so there are no responsibilities keeping me here. I have always desired my own family, but circumstances of caring for my elderly parents prevented that.
I do not believe in withholding information, so I have been candid in my response to you. I hope to hear from you.
Miss Abigail Mary Vaughn

Before she could react and change her mind, Abigail enclosed the letter in an envelope and asked Harry Puffins, her old servant, to walk it to the post office not far from her home near the city's center.
* * *
Brant removed his cowboy hat and ran a hand through hair as black as coal. Standing in front of the blacksmith's where he'd just had his horse shod, he heard his daughter calling from the entrance to Clyde Jenkins General Store across the street. Clyde, being the most likely candidate, was also the postmaster for the central eastern Texas town of Two Rivers. Jenny held her baby brother in one arm and waved letters in the other. "Hey Pa, you got more mail. Maybe you'll find us a Ma in this bunch."
Brant paused while a buckboard pulled by a swayback horse ambled past. He waved at old Mr. and Mrs. Snodgrass and then crossed to the warped boardwalk that ran in front of a dozen businesses. "Jenny, did you give Mr. Jenkins that list of staples so we can pick them up next trip to town?"
"Yes sir." She shifted two year old Ty to her other hip. "One of the letters came all the way from Philadelphia."
"I'll read them tonight. Where's Luke?"
"He's still talking to Mr. Jenkins about ordering some more dime novels."
Brant bent and kissed his baby's forehead. "Well, run in and tell him it's time to go while I hitch Sugar back to the buckboard and bring it around. We've got chores to finish up."
"Sure, Pa."
Several minutes after Brant had pulled the wagon in front of the store, his fourteen year old son sauntered out. Inhaling a calming breath, he said, "It's nice you could join us, Luke. I'd sure like to get home before nightfall. If not, you'll be mucking the barn in the dark."
With a sullen look, Luke hopped onto the back of the wagon and sat on a sack of grain. Jenny snickered and Ty scrambled to sit on his big brother's lap. Brant flicked the reins. "Giddup."
After a long evening of chores, Brant finally collapsed into his favorite chair and propped his feet on the hearth. He could hear Jenny telling Ty a bedtime story in the room she shared with her baby brother. No doubt Luke was in the loft devouring another cheap novel.
Leaning his head back, he surveyed his cabin. Besides his bedroom and Jenny's room, there was an additional bedroom that his mail order bride would stay in until they got to know each other. His plan to remarry scared the bejesus out of him, but he was dead set to find a ma for his children. He closed his eyes and saw Molly's laughing face. God, he missed her. How he'd loved her. His eyes stung and he blinked rapidly, glancing again around the combined living, dining, and cooking area that still held her touches in the curtains and knickknacks. Although modest, the cabin was sturdily built from the labor of his own hands.
Unable to put it off any longer, he unfolded his lanky frame and reached for the letters he'd tossed on the mantel. Sighing, he read more responses to his advertisement, none of which he felt any inkling to respond to. Damn, but the thought of marrying someone he'd come to know through a newspaper ad irked him. However, his children needed a mother. Jenny did the best she could caring for Ty, but she was only ten years old. Guilt plagued him at the responsibility that had been forced on her. As for Luke, Brant hadn't been able to bond with his son since Molly's death, and now the boy lost himself in dime novels. And Ty, his baby, God help him, needed a mother's care.
He fingered the letter from Philadelphia. He'd placed ads in newspapers, local and cross country, and wondered if the call of the West would provoke responses from city girls. He'd received a few, but from the tone of their letters, they'd seemed too high and mighty to live in a humble cabin on a small ranch. He slipped a thumb under the envelope flap and ripped it open. The letter was short and written on quality stationary in neat printing. He read it a couple of times.
Going to his room, he retrieved a paper and his quill and ink and brought the kerosene lamp to the dining table. Tapping his jaw, he thought about his response.

May 1, 1886

Dear Miss Vaughn,
Thank you for your letter and also your forthrightness. Please tell me more about yourself and why you would want to marry someone you have never met and mother children that are not your own.
As for myself, I will also be forthcoming. I am solely seeking a mother for my children. If you have romantic notions, I am not the husband for you. My wife died over a year ago from lung fever. I have two sons, a fourteen year old and a two year old, and a ten year old daughter. My ranch is small, as is my cabin, so if you are looking for anything else, I suggest you not respond to this letter.
As for your qualifications, they are excellent. My eldest son loves reading. I can hardly get him to complete his chores without a book in hand. My daughter is very smart and an avid learner. Both children attended school until their mother died. My eldest son now helps me on the ranch and my daughter cares for her baby brother. My desire is for them to return to school after I marry. I am the son of a teacher so I know the importance of education. 
As for Two Rivers, it is a small town that does not have much in the way of diversion to keep folks interested.
So, as you can see, I have not painted a pretty picture. I have written the truth so as not to waste your time or mine.
Brant Samson
Chapter 2:  Butterflies

The stagecoach bumped and jostled and jarred Abigail until she wanted to scream. Most of her trip had been by rail, which, although tiring, was easy compared to carriage travel. Across from her, fellow travelers, Mr. and Mrs. Willowood, spoke in hushed tones. When Abigail opened her eyes, Mrs. Willowood said, "Oh, good, you're awake. We're almost to Two Rivers. My husband and I have traveled this route many times. Our town is Bingham, the county center, three hours past Two Rivers."
Mr. Willowood patted his wife's knee. "She knows, dear. Being our lovely companion for two days, you've already told her."
"Oh, yes, of course. I guess old age is catching up with me." Mrs. Willowood turned her attention back to Abigail. "How does our countryside compare with Philadelphia's?"
Abigail gazed out the window at rolling hills covered with tall grasses, juniper trees, thickets of cottonwood, maple, and oak trees dressed with autumn leaves, and a scattering of pines occasionally punctuated by granite boulders. She smiled, "In some ways it's quite similar with its abundant trees and foliage."
Mr. Willowood said proudly, "We've lived here for nigh on forty years and raised six sons. Four of our boys stayed in Texas and another one moved to Kansas, which is why we travel there occasionally. We lost our youngest a few years back to scarlet fever. Anyway, I can tell you one thing, coming home is a breath of fresh air. Of course, I'm probably repeating myself, too."
Abigail smiled at the friendly couple and glanced out the window at the dust stirred by the horses. I'd love a breath of fresh air.
For the remaining hour of her trip, she tried to calm the butterflies in her stomach. She was a sensible woman, but her stomach was behaving like that of a young girl. Smoothing a hand over that wayward part of her body, she willed it to settle down, but her thoughts just stirred the butterflies again. Perhaps she would regret her hasty decision to become a mail order bride when she met Mr. Samson. Maybe he'd be as homely as a toad and his children impossible. If so, she could catch the next stagecoach and return home. Home? What do you have waiting there except endless days of loneliness? You've always dreamed of having a family of your own. So what if he's ugly? He certainly sounds intelligent. And children can be taught manners.
Mrs. Willowood spoke, "Abigail, dear, you shouldn't chew your nails. You'll have them down to the quick."
Abigail jerked her hand back into her lap like an errant schoolgirl.
"So, you said you're visiting family?" Mr. Willowood prodded.
"Ah, yes."
Mrs. Willowood interjected, "My husband can sometimes be nosy. It goes with the territory of being an attorney. You don't have to answer his questions, if you don't want to."
Abigail wasn't sure how to respond and thankfully didn't have to. The driver yelled, "Two Rivers!" and guided the team of horses to the front of a rundown hotel with hand-painted lettering proclaiming, Mayflower Hotel. The lead driver jumped down and swiftly opened the stagecoach door to help the occupants out. Abigail waited for Mrs. Willowood to exit and then Mr. Willowood waited for Abigail to step down.
She swayed as she got her land legs and glanced around the dozen or so buildings. Pitiful looking town. Scanning the hotel porch, she saw a middle-aged man sitting on the railing. His smile showcased missing teeth. Remember, he's intelligent. Hesitantly, she smiled back. Another man exited the hotel with a gun holstered to his hip. He tipped his hat and reached to adjust his gun belt around his expanding waistline.
Abigail retied the ribbons of her straw hat and opened her parasol against the early afternoon sun. The second driver handed her trunk down to the first driver and it thudded on the ground. Next, he dropped her small valise and the grizzled man below caught it and set it on her trunk. "There ya go, ma'am."
"Thank you," Abigail said politely.
The driver was already climbing back atop the stagecoach. With a flick of his wrists and a shout, the horses pulled the coach across the street to a stable. Abigail glanced at the blacksmith's shop next to the stable and noticed a long-legged man leaning against the siding. He held his cowboy hat in one hand and lazily watched the stagecoach occupants. Even from a distance, she could see he was lean and broad shouldered, with black hair that brushed the collar of his denim shirt. Too young, too handsome.
She turned her attention to another man exiting the general store next door to the hotel. Maybe that's him. He wore a suit a decade out of style, but looked distinguished in a countrified way. He was very short, but carried himself proudly and had a pleasant, boyish countenance for a man probably in his forties. Please God, let that be him and not the one with the missing teeth or the one with the gun.
A voice spoke from behind her, "Miz Vaughn?"
Abigail turned and stumbled backwards. The lean cowboy from across the streetwith eyes that she could now see were the same color as the cloudless sky above themreached out and caught her by the shoulders before she fell on her backside.
"Y-yes?"
"Ma'am, I'm Brant Samson."
The butterflies in Abigail's stomach fluttered into her throat and she couldn't squeeze a word out.
* * *
Brant held the woman's shoulders until she was steady on her feet again. Hell, he hadn't meant to scare her. Her eyes had widened like she was looking at a monster. Criminy, what have I gotten myself into?
The woman recovered quickly and stepped backwards. "Yes, I'm Abigail Vaughn. I'm pleased to meet you Mr. Samson."
For a second they stood in awkward silence appraising one another, but that was broken when a full-figured older woman approached. "Well, Abigail, I see your man's here for you. My, my, but aren't you a fine looking young gent. My name is Mrs. Willowood, and Mr. Willowood" she pointed to a portly gentleman stepping onto the hotel portico, "and I, boarded the stagecoach on Friday in Ft. Worth with Miss Vaughn. We've had a delightful journey. Abigail is so refined and proper." Mrs. Willowood glanced back at her husband. "Looks like Mr. Willowood is motioning me over." She turned and embraced Abigail. "Well, you know we live in Bingham. All you have to do is mention our name to any of the locals and they'll direct you to our home. If you and your man are ever in our part of the country, please look us up. Goodbye, dear."
"Goodbye, Mrs. Willowood. Thank you for your kindness and company throughout the trip."
Brant nodded politely to the woman as she turned to leave. He glanced at the large trunk beside Miz Vaughn. "Ah, my buckboard is next door. I'll be right back to load your belongings."
"Thank you, Mr. Samson."
Brant walked to his wagon, berating himself for his stupid idea of advertising for a bride. He should have just waited until someone suitable settled in Two Rivers. Yeah, right. Like eligible women ever come to Two Rivers.
Untying his horses, he jumped into the driver's seat and urged them forward. He groaned; Abigail Mary Vaughn looked like what she wasan old maid schoolmarm. Her hair, pulled back under a narrow brimmed straw hat whose crown was encircled with ribbons and bird feathers, had a severe bun peeking out the back that emphasized her strong features of a long nose, long face, and high cheekbones. When she'd compressed her lips, she'd looked like a teacher about to scold a wayward child. He pulled the buckboard next to the trunk and wished he'd never responded to her letter.
"Hey, Brant," Toothless Charlie called from his usual place on the hotel railing.
"Yeah, Charlie?"
"You want me to help you lift that trunk?"
"Naw, I think I got it." He set the valise in the back of his wagon and then reached to load the trunk. What'd she packbricks? He hoisted the damn thing next to the valise and then turned to help her onto the plank seat. She gave him her schoolmarm look as he reached to encircle her waist. She wasn't petite like Molly. The top of her head reached his chin and he could feel curves in spite of the jacket and blouse and corset and skirt and petticoats and whatever else she was wearing. Glancing at Miz Vaughn's blushing profile, he circled the wagon and scolded himself. Great, a middle-aged, virginal school teacher. What were you thinking?
Chapter 3:  Eight Eyes

Abigail scanned the rolling countryside and angled her parasol to protect her complexion against the blazing sun. The wagon hit a rut and her shoulder bumped the cowboy's. Never, in her wildest imaginings, had she envisioned such a tall, handsome, and virile man. Surely, he had to be disappointed by her appearance. She realized he was talking and turned to give him her full attention, feeling the impact of his beautiful eyes all the way to her toes.
"My place is about four miles south of town. I raise Longhorns and grow as much of my own food as I can. I have some chickens and a milk cow and I trade with local ranchers for salt pork and other goods. I know you're a city gal, but have you ever had ranch experience?"
"Um, no." Abigail thought she heard him sigh.
"I hope I explained well enough in my letters how difficult this life can be."
"Yes, you did, perfectly."
"So tell me again why you would choose this life when you seem to have had an easier one in Philadelphia?"
His question caught her off guard. With her customary frankness, she said, "Honestly, Mr. Samson, I was sick of my life in the city and saw endless years of monotony ahead of me."
He didn't respond to her answer, but instead, said, "I think we should be on a first name basis, don't you?"
"Yes, you're right."
"Okay, back to your reason for coming here. Believe me; this life can become quite monotonous, too."
"Are you bored to tears, Mr. Samson? I mean, Brant."
"No, Abby, I don't have time to be bored."
"Precisely." His nickname for her sounded good coming from his deep-timbered voice.
"Do you mind if I call you Abby?" He turned to look at her. "Abigail seems soformal."
"I've never been called Abby, always Abigail, but its fine with me if that's what you prefer."
"Your parents never gave you a nickname?"
"No, I was an only child born to older parents who were academically inclined and very proper." And without the slightest idea of how to play with a child or have fun. She wanted to change the subject. "So, tell me about your children."
Brant made a clicking noise and shifted the reins in his gloved hands. The horses followed his command and moved to the center of the dusty road. "As I tried to describe in my letters, my eldest son, Luke, is a bookworm. It's how he copes with his mother's death. He can be quite sullen and temperamental and downright rude at times."
Abigail heard his frustration and nodded her sympathy. He gave her a little smile and when her shoulder bumped his again, she quickly scooted over.
He gave her a questioning look and continued, "Jenny is ten and shouldering far too much responsibility for a child. She cares for her baby brother while Luke and I work the ranch. She never complains and has a gentle disposition like her mother."
Fascinated by his hands, Abigail watched them maneuver the horse's reins again.
"Now, Ty, he's my baby and just starting to talk pretty good. He keeps the family laughing." He adjusted the brim of his hat. "God knows, we need a good laugh now and again."
They traveled on in silence. Abigail had so many emotions coursing through her she wasn't able to focus on any one of them: anxiety, excitement, intimidation, and female awareness of the handsome man beside her, an emotion she wasn't familiar with. The thought of becoming a man's wife in the biblical sense wasn't something she'd wanted to dwell on. She'd relegated the ramifications of that to the back of her mind, believing she could endure the outcome as it played out. However, she hadn't expected such a robust man on the receiving end of her letters.
Brant turned off the road and onto a narrow drive. "Around that bend of trees is home."
Abigail's heart hammered.
When the horses clomped around the turn, her breath caught. His home appeared crude, small, andhomey. It was like a drawing in the books she'd purchased about frontier lands. The wide front porch with railings had a couple of rockers on it. Standing behind the railing, four pairs of eyes watched their approach. Abigail couldn't help but smile. The children she'd only imagined now stood before her and beside them sat a large mixed breed, brown dog with wiry fur. Luke squinted, Jenny smiled, Ty lifted a finger and pointed, and the dog barked.
* * *
Brant glanced from his children to Abby as he reined his horses to a halt in front of the porch. He did a double take. Abby's smile had transformed her face from plain to lovely. Certain his eyes were playing tricks on him, he blinked, but her smile revealed beautiful white teeth, and when she bit her bottom lip, he quickly looked away. Damn! 
He jumped off the buckboard and came around to lift her down. Shyly meeting his gaze she looked past him to his children. Holding her elbow, he guided her to the porch.
"Luke, Jenny, Ty, I want you to meet Miz Abigail Mary Vaughn."
"Welcome and howdy, ma'am," said Jenny.
"I'm so happy to meet you, Jenny. You're beautiful and just as sweet as I imagined."
Jenny grinned. "Thank you, Miz Vaughn."
The dog darted to Brant and he squatted and rubbed behind his ears. He looked up at Abby. "And this is Wally. He wandered into our place a few years back and never left."
Abby reached to pet the dog. "It's nice to meet you, too, Wally."
Ty interrupted them. "Mama?" He stretched his hands toward Abby, and Brant watched her shocked expression quickly become replaced by joy. She looked at him and asked, "May I hold him?"
Brant felt a lump choke his throat and sudden resentment strike his heart like a cobra that it wasn't Molly holding their baby. He nodded and Jenny stepped off the porch and handed Ty to Abby. Ty, always trusting, hugged her neck. Abby hesitated a moment and then laid her cheek against his blond curls.
Brant looked at Luke. "Please welcome Miz Vaughn to our home, son."
Luke gave his father a mutant look but Brant didn't waiver in his stare. Finally, the boy said in a resentful tone, "Welcome, Miz Vaughn."
"Thank you, Luke. I appreciate that this is difficult for you," she replied softly.
Ty stretched his arms toward Brant, "Papa."
Abby shifted the baby and handed him over. Her eyes, the color of freshly brewed coffee, met Brant's gaze when he lifted Ty from her arms. For a second he couldn't think what to say. "Uh, why don't we go inside where it's not so hot? Jenny can pour tea for everyone." He handed Ty back to his daughter. "Luke, help me unload Miz Vaughn's trunk and then take the buckboard to the barn and unhitch Sugar and Smoky."
With a defiant look, Luke grabbed one end of the trunk.
Chapter 4:  Cookies

Abigail stepped onto the wide porch and entered the cabin when Brant motioned her forward. Jenny followed and then Brant and Luke carried her trunk inside. Pausing near a long table, she waited for her eyes to adjust to the dim light and then scanned the modest interior.
"Please sit down, Miz Vaughn," said Jenny.
"Since your father is calling me Abby, I'd be pleased if you would, too."
"OkayMiz Abby," Jenny said shyly. She set Ty on the floor and watched him run to climb on a wooden rocking horse near the hearth, and then she walked to open-faced shelving above wooden countertops and grabbed some mismatched glasses, setting them on the table. While she poured tea from a battered metal pitcher, Abigail surveyed the cabin in more detail. Her gut instinct told her that the faded curtains hanging above a deep sink with a hand pump had been lovingly sewn by Jenny's mother. She twisted her hands in her lap, feeling pain for this family who had lost someone so precious to them. How could she even begin to replace their loss? Inadequacy loomed like a rain cloud threatening to drench her in misgivings.
Brant and Luke returned from delivering her trunk into another room and Luke slammed out the front door. Brant stared sadly after him before turning and patting his daughter on her head of honey colored hair. "Jenny baked up cookies for your arrival." He reached for a plate on the table and held it out to Abigail. To show her appreciation, she smiled and selected the largest odd shaped mound.
"Thank you, Jenny. That was very considerate." She nibbled on a corner. It was so hard she had to use an eye tooth to break off a piece. "Hmm, very tasty," she tried to sound convincing.
Jenny's face lit with an ear-to-ear grin.
Brant grabbed two cookies and walked to the door, tossing one to Wally, and finishing his own in two bites.
Abigail sipped her tea and did her best to chew the stone hard cookie. Ty ran to the table and pointed at the plate. His father grinned and handed him a treat. Abigail wondered how the baby would chew it and relaxed when he just sucked on it.
She glanced toward the doorway her trunk had disappeared into. Peering from beneath her lashes, she felt her face flame when she saw Brant watching her. She thought she saw a tiny quirk at the corner of his mouth.
"We put your trunk in our extra room. Jenny and Ty sleep in the room next to yours and Luke sleeps in the loft. My room is on the opposite side of the cabin."
Abigail crunched another bite of her cookie, nodded, and studied a spot on the threadbare tablecloth. Glancing sheepishly up, she asked, "May I go to my room now. I'd like to freshen up."
Brant looked embarrassed. "I don't know where my mind's been. I'm really sorry. I should have let you do that first thing. Jenny, pump some water in a pitcher for Miz Abby and bring it to her room with a cloth. Come on, Abby, let's get you settled in." Ty ran back to the table and Brant scooped him up.
Relieved that she didn't have to finish the cookie, she tucked it in her pocket to give to Wally later and followed Brant across the cabin. He held the bedroom door open and when Ty reached his arms toward her, he said, "Not now, son; Miz Abby can hold you later."
Abigail entered the room looking forward to a few minutes solitude to process her emotions. Jenny followed and set a pitcher of water in a basin on a small table centered under the only window.
Brant said, "You rest as long as you need to." After he closed the door, she could hear the muffled timbre of his voice speaking to his children.
For a second, she couldn't move, the alteration in her lifestyle having stunned her. The glamour of traveling west and changing her whole life had no doubt blinded her to the reality of living there. Glancing around the room, she didn't know whether to laugh or cry. It was tiny and rustic. Other than the small table, the furniture consisted of a narrow lumpy bed bumped up against the far corner and an old four-drawer chest with a matching vanity and stool. A kerosene lamp topped the chest. On the timbered wall above the bed, two pictures of pretty dresses ripped from a catalogue had been tacked up for ornamentation.
Walking to the vanity, Abigail gazed at her reflection in the wavy mirror and then fingered the lovely petals of wildflowers in a mason jar. Suddenly, that simple thoughtfulness, made the crudeness of the room insignificant.
Inhaling a shaky breath, she removed her traveling jacket and straw hat and poured water into the bowl. Squeezing out the threadbare cloth, she wiped her face and neck before stretching out on the bed and lifting her forearm over her eyes, fighting the need to sleep. Eventually, she lost the battle and drifted into dreams of a rebellious boy, a sweet girl, a needy baby, and a rancher with eyes bluer than a summer sky.
A tapping sound confused Abigail. "What? Yes? Come in," she groggily croaked. The door to her room cracked open and Brant peeked around it.
"Uh, ma'am, Jenny has supper on the table. We figured you was plum tuckered out, but you still need to eat."
Awareness flooded her and she jumped to a sitting position in the middle of the bed. The sun had almost set and cast the room in shadow.
"Goodness, I guess I fell asleep." She reached to pat her hair and almost groaned aloud. It had escaped her bun and hung in natural waves down her shoulders and past her breasts. "I'll be right out."
"Yes, ma'am." Brant closed the door.
* * *
On the opposite side of the door, Brant laid his forehead against it. Good golly, the low light was playing tricks with his eyes. When Abby had jumped up and a mane of glorious mahogany hair covered her, she'd looked like an exotic creature of myths, and his body had reacted. Since Molly's death, he had only enjoyed the carnal side of his nature a couple of times, and that was when he'd traveled to the city on business. His loneliness had driven him to the saloon for whiskey and companionship. The gal had been older and they'd talked for a long time before doing the deed. On his next trip, he'd looked her up again and done a repeat of before. After that, he'd made up his mind to find a wife. Now, seeing Abby without her ramrod stiffness, he'd had a crazy inclination to ride out and find the preacher just so he could enjoy the body of a woman. Inhaling slowly, he lifted his head and turned when Ty let out a wail.
"He's tired, Pa. You want me to feed him and put him to bed?" asked Jenny.
"Ah, sure, that sounds like a good idea."
"You okay, Pa?"
"Yep. I'm fine." He glanced up at the loft. "Luke! It's supper time!"
Brant heard shuffling, but his son didn't answer.
"Answer me, Luke!"
"I'm comin', Pa."
Brant lifted Ty into the highchair he'd built with his own hands and Jenny set a small bowl of stew in front of him. "It's hot son. Let your sister help you."
Ty nodded. "Otay, Papa."
Jenny sat beside Ty and blew on a spoonful of stew before lifting it to the baby's mouth.
Brant heard Abby's door open and looked up. She had combed her hair back into its severe bun and become the epitome of an old maid again.
Luke climbed down the loft ladder and plopped on one of the benches that ran the length of the table.
"Luke, bless the food," he said softly.
Luke gave his father a grim look, but obeyed, saying a simple prayer of thanksgiving.
Brant looked at Abby. "Pass me your bowl, Abby, and I'll fill it with stew. Jenny, put a cornbread on her plate."
The meal progressed in stilted conversation and Ty got increasingly cranky. Finally, Brant said, "He's ready for bed, Jenny."
"Okay, Pa, I'll take him and then come back and clean the dishes."
Abby interjected, "Please, let me help. What would you like me to do?"
Jenny looked from her Pa to Abby. "You want to help me put Ty to bed and tell him a story?"
"Yes, very much so, and then I'll help clean the dishes."
Brant nodded his approval. "Luke and I are going to check the animals and finish a few chores. Come on, son."
Luke opened his mouth to say something, but seemed to think better of it when he got a stern look from his father.
* * *
Abigail followed Jenny as she carried Ty to the bedroom they shared. Upon entering, her heart jumped into her throat. The little girl had done her best to decorate a room as small as Abigail's own, and just as in her room, pages from a catalogue had been torn out and tacked on the wall beside the bed. Mostly, they were pictures of dolls or pretty dresses. An old trunk sat at the foot of the same type of narrow bed and she knew instinctively that the quilt covering the bed had been lovingly sewn by Jenny's mother. Jenny pulled the quilt back and laid Ty down, kissing his cheek. "You want Miz Abby to tell you a story?"
He nodded sleepily. "Yeth."
Jenny stepped back. "You go ahead and sit beside him, Miz Abby. I'm gonna wet a cloth to wipe his face."
Positioning herself next to the baby, Abigail reached and caressed his silky hair. She'd often made up stories for her students and a particularly favorite one was about a prince rescuing a maiden from the Land of Mysterious Places.
She waited for Jenny to return before reciting the fairytale. Ty twisted away from his sister when she tried to wash his face and hands, and Abigail reached for the cloth, pretending it was the prince's royal cape. Jenny sat at the foot of the bed and listened enraptured by the story. Even though Ty fell immediately to sleep, Abigail continued the tale. About a third of the way through, she smiled, "That's enough for tonight. We want to save some for tomorrow and the next night."
"I love that story! I just know the prince is going to fall in love with the girl and make her his princess!"
Abigail smiled, "You'll find out soon enough. Now, let's go clean those dishes."
Jenny looked toward her door. "Hi, Pa. Miz Abby tells great stories."
"Yes, I heard."
Color tinged Abigail's cheeks. How long had he been standing there?
Long into the night, Abigail lay in her lumpy bed and thought about each family memberTy, so young and helpless, needing the care of a mother; Jenny, shouldering responsibilities that belonged to a mother; Luke, heartbroken and bitter over the loss of his mother; and Brant, selflessly thinking of the needs of his children, but longing for his first wife. Abigail turned her head into her pillow and silently wept.
Chapter 5:  Ornery Chickens

Muffled sounds jerked Abigail awake. Reaching for her pocket watch that she'd set on the floor beside her bed, she barely made out the time in the light before dawn; four fifty. What time does this family get up? She was used to rising between six and six thirty, but this was ridiculous. Groaning, she sat on the side of the bed and stretched. Might as well join everyone and hope this day goes smoother than yesterday.
By the light of her kerosene lamp, she washed in the basin of water and dressed in one of her most sturdy dresses. Because she could barely see her reflection in the wavy mirror, she had to comb and pin her hair into its usual bun from years of repetition.
Her body screamed that she needed to make a trip to the outhouse soon. She'd been holding her bladder most of the night because she didn't want to use the chamber pot. 
Tentatively opening her door to the smell of fresh coffee, she peered around it to see Brant, Luke, and Jenny sitting at the table, cups in hand and talking. She usually sipped hot tea with a little cream and sugar every morning, but the bracing aroma smelled heavenly. She stepped past her door.
"Hello, Miz Abby," Jenny said cheerily.
"Mornin', Ma'am," Luke said solemnly after his father nudged him.
Brant smiled. "Good morning, Abby. I didn't expect you to be up so early. You may want to sleep late the next few days until you feel rested from your trip."
"Good morning, everyone. I'm not feeling overly tired so I'd like to rise when you do." She stifled a yawn and watched that barely visible quirk of Brant's mouth.
"Come join us for coffee. We usually take a few minutes each morning to discuss the day. Then we work a couple of hours or so while Jenny collects eggs and makes breakfast. After that, we work until noon, eat lunch, work until around five, then clean up and have supper around six."
Abigail motioned to the door. "I think I should uh"
"Oh, sure; nature's call," Brant said easily.
Abigail stepped onto the porch and inhaled the crisp air. Dawn's light was just peeking over the horizon and cast a magical glow all around. For the briefest of moments she felt happy and carefree. Following the path to the outhouse that Jenny had shown her the evening before, she longed for an indoor bathroom like the one she'd had in Philadelphia. Sighing, she opened the door to the small and smelly enclosure and did her business.
Returning to the cabin, Brant motioned toward the coffee pot. "Would you like some coffee?"
"Yes, thank you."
He started to rise.
"No, I'll get it." Abigail walked to the sink to rinse her hands and then reached into the open cupboard for a tin. Picking up a ragged pot holder, she grasped the metal pot from off the stove and poured the blackest coffee she'd ever seen. Returning to the table she sat beside Brant when he patted the spot next to him on the bench. The brush of his shoulder sent tingles down her spine. "What time does the baby wake up?" she asked.
"Usually around breakfast time. Do you like sugar in your coffee?"
"I do."
He scooted a half full mason jar and a spoon encrusted with sugar toward her. Not seeing another, clean spoon, she hesitated and then stirred a little sugar in her drink and sipped the steaming brew. It was so bitter she almost gagged. Everyone was watching her so she murmured, "Wonderful coffee."
This time the quirk of Brant's lips was unmistakable. "Did you sleep well?"
"Um, yes. Thank you."
Jenny saved the awkwardness everyone was obviously feeling by chattering about the fairytale Abigail had begun the night before. "I can't wait to hear how it ends. Too bad Ty fell asleep and missed it, but I'll fill him in on what happened."
Brant smiled at Abigail over Jenny's head and the simple gesture made her breathless. He was so handsome and rugged, not like soft city men. He stood and stretched. "Time to get goin' Luke. Leave your book behind."
Luke gave him a defiant glance, but walked to the mantle and dropped his book on it.
Brant paused at the door and reached for his hat hanging on a peg. "We'll be back in a couple of hours." He settled his hat on his head and tipped the brim with his index finger. The innocent motion started Abigail's heart hammering again. Luke grabbed his own hat and scurried after his father. To cover her flusters, she said, "Jenny, what can I do to help you?"
Jenny reached for the coffee tins and started clearing them off the table. "After I get these washed it'll be light enough for us to go to the hen house. I usually make biscuits and fried eggs with bacon for Pa and Luke."
Abigail assisted Jenny by drying the cups and putting them away. An appreciation of the difficult position Brant was in, and his need for a wife in a marriage of convenience, wedged itself into her heart. She remembered him expressing in his first letter his desire that his children return to school. Was money so tight he couldn't afford to hire help and that's why Luke was home? As for Jenny, caring for her baby brother was a full time job. Besides being a mother to his children, perhaps Abigail could help financially. Maybe Brant would allow her to repay him for the passage to Two Rivers that he'd insisted on purchasing. Although not wealthy, she had a small savings. Look at you, already making plans.
Jenny reached and grabbed a basket off the shelf. "Let's go see how many eggs we got today."
"What about Ty? Should we wake him?"
"No, ma'am. I blocked the door so he can't get out of the bedroom. He probably won't wake up 'til we get back anyway."
Abigail glanced at Jenny's bedroom door and noticed a leather strap wrapped around the handle and stretched to a hook on the frame. She smiled at the child's ingenuity.
At the front door, Jenny reached for her bonnet on a peg. "Ma always made me wear a bonnet when I went outside. I think I can find one of hers for you."
Abigail coughed. "Ah, you know, I have a straw hat I was going to wear. I'll go get it." She rushed to her room and opened her trunk, searching for the little hat box holding her work hat. Settling it in place, she tied the ribbons under her chin and hurried back to Jenny.
Jenny grinned, "I like your fancy hat."
Abigail stifled a smile. The hat was definitely not fancy. "Thank you, Jenny. Between your bonnet and my straw hat, we shall collect eggs in style."
Jenny giggled. "You're funny, Miz Abby." She turned toward the door but stopped and looked back at Abigail. "And you tell great stories. I can't wait to hear more about the Land of Mysterious Places."
"And I can't wait to tell you more about it."
Stepping onto the porch, Abigail once again enjoyed the lovely morning that hinted of rain. In the distance she could see dark clouds.
Jenny saw them, too. "Looks like it might rain later. I like the rain. Sometimes we get lightening. Mama loved storms. She said it was 'cause we all got to stay indoors and talk 'til they were over. She'd pass around cookies and read a book to everyone. Sometimes she and Pa would go in their bedroom for what she called 'special talks', while me and Luke read or did schoolwork and Ty slept."
Abigail bit her trembling lip at the girl's shared remembrances. How could she even come close to being half the wife and mother of the woman who had born these children?
Wally darted around the side of the cabin and followed them to a wooden structure covered with wire mesh. The child opened the chicken coop door and chickens scattered and squawked when they stepped inside. Going from nest box to nest box, Jenny began retrieving eggs, sometimes reaching under an unhappy hen.
Abigail wanted to help and began pulling eggs from boxes on the opposite side.
* * *
Brant circled the Barn and stopped when he saw Jenny and Abby enter the hen house. Now was his chance to watch a city girl in action. Leaning against the siding, he picked up a long straw to chew on and wondered how their best layer hen, Prissy, would take to a stranger. He watched Jenny explain the task of gathering eggs from cranky hens and had to stifle a laugh; first, at another of Abby's ridiculous straw hats, and then at the way she'd extend her hand to reach under a hen, only to jerk it back when the hen moved. When she tried distracting the bird by wiggling her fingers on one side of it, and then quickly reaching under its body with her other hand, he almost lost it. She stepped next to Prissy and he heard Jenny say, "You best let me get Prissy's eggs."
Too late, her attempt to distract the ornery hen sent the bird flying directly at her. She squealed, stepped backwards, and fell on her backside, which sent all the hens into a tizzy. Brant ran to the coop and jerked the door open, leaned down to scoop Abby into his arms, and then backed out of the enclosure while Jenny grabbed Prissy's eggs. Still holding Abby in his arms, he busted out laughing. She had chicken poop on her cheek and her silly hat sat askew with strands of hair pulled awry from her bun.
She gave him a shocked look and said primly, "Please put me down, Mr. Samson."
He choked back another laugh and righted her. Jenny ran up beside them. "You okay, Miz Abby?"
Brant watched her blush as she tried to compose herself. She reached to right her hat and rubbed her cheek. When she felt the poop, her eyes got big and she stared at him. He grabbed his bandana from his pocket and began gently dabbing the stuff off her face. Her look of horror had him thinking she would be saying goodbye soon and he was surprised by his mixed feelings over her departure.
Unexpectedly, when he'd swiped the last of the bird dropping away, her mouth quirked and something that sounded like a chuckle escaped. Then she placed a hand over her mouth and laughed uproariously. Jenny joined her and all three of them bent over laughing. She waved her hand in the air. "I have never been in such an undignified position in my life."
Brant's eyes rested on her beautiful smile and thoughts of undignified positions had his mind going in a different direction. He clamped a vise on his thoughts. Movement shifted his gaze toward the corral to where Luke was watching them. Abruptly, his son mounted his horse and rode toward the pasture.
"Jenny, help Miz Abby while I catch up with Luke and find out what the bee up his butt is. We'll be in for breakfast soon."
Brant walked to his corralled horse and mounted. Flicking the reins, he galloped after Luke. His son's smaller horse was no match for Brant's big sorrel. When he came alongside him, he shouted for his son to pull up. After a moment's hesitation, the boy obeyed and jumped off his horse, stomping in the direction of an outcropping of boulders. Brant dismounted and followed, holding the reins of their horses.
"Are you gonna tell me what's eatin' your butt, Luke?"
"I don't want a new ma!"
 Brant did his best to hold his temper. "I can appreciate that 'cause you're older than Ty and Jenny. But they need a ma. I never wanted any woman but your ma, and I don't want to marry now, but sometimes, for the sake of others, you gotta do things you don't want to. I can't work a ranch and raise Ty and Jenny on my own, son."
Luke stopped and hung his head. "I want her to leave. We've been gettin' along okay," he said with tears in his voice.
"No, son, we haven't. She may not be the one I marry, but I will marry again. I'm giving her a chance. Let's just see how things go over the next few days. Okay?"
Luke shrugged and Brant reached to cup his shoulder, but he jerked away and grabbed the reins of his horse, mounting and riding away.
Brant sighed. How could he make Luke understand?
Chapter 6:  Miz Pitts

Abigail exited her bedroom after washing up and changing her clothing. She hurried to help Jenny prepare breakfast. Together they mixed biscuit dough, washed and then fried salted bacon, and whipped eggs. When everything was almost ready, Abigail heard Ty calling from behind his door. "Would you like me to get him, Jenny?"
"Sure thing, Miz Abby."
Brant and Luke entered the cabin and walked to the sink to pump water and wash up.
Abigail returned to the table carrying Ty, his smile warming her heart. Lifting him into his high chair, she hastened to the bucket of milk that had been brought in while she'd changed clothes. Ladling a tiny scoop into his tin and handing it to him, her heart expanded when he said, "Tank tu." Grasping the tin with his chubby fingers, he drank and made a milk mustache. She wiped the dribbles from his chin and he gave her another one of his adorable grins. "More, pwease," he said.
While Abigail ladled more milk, Brant sat on the bench and Luke plopped silently across from him, reading the novel he'd retrieved from the mantle. Within minutes, Jenny had scooped eggs out of the skillet and into a big bowl that she topped with bacon. Abigail set a plate of sliced tomatoes alongside the eggs.
Brant served up Ty's plate and blew on his eggs to cool them. The baby exclaimed, "Hot!"
Handing him a biscuit, Brant smiled. "Eat this until they cool down." Glancing at Luke, his smile was replaced by a stern look that sent the boy back to the fireplace to return his book to the mantle.
While they ate, Jenny rehashed the episode in the chicken coop and everyone but Luke laughed. Peeking from beneath her lashes, Abigail surveyed the homey scene and joy bubbled inside her.
A bookshelf against the back wall caught her attention and Brant noticed. "Please feel free to read any of the books that catch your fancy. Being a teacher, you've probably read most of them, though."
"Thank you." Abigail glanced at Luke and then back at Brant. "I also love to read. I brought some books with me; perhaps they'll complement your library."
After breakfast, Brant bid Abigail and Jenny goodbye again and made sure Jenny knew the area where he and Luke would be working. While Abigail helped clean the dishes, she asked the question that had been on her mind since arriving. "Do you have a bathtub?"
"Oh, yes, ma'am. My Pa bought a fancy one for Ma one Christmas. It's in Pa's room and he makes us pull it out once a week for baths."
"Only once a week?" Abigail choked.
"Course. Why would we want more'n that? Me and Ty wash up everyday at the sink and Pa and Luke splash themselves clean at the well or creek."
"When is your next scheduled bath?"
Jenny looked at Abigail like she didn't understand the question.
"Is there a certain day of the week you bathe?"
"Yes ma'am. Saturdays."
"Hmm. I wonder if your Pa would mind if I bathed tonight?"
"I don't see why not. My Ma used to bathe a lot and Pa always said he loved scrubbing her back. I used to hear 'em laughing in the bedroom and." Jenny paused. "Hey, you okay Miz Abby; you sure look red in the face."
For the remainder of the morning, Jenny kept up a running conversation while she worked. The responsibilities the child was shouldering staggered Abigail. She asked, "Jenny do you also wash clothes?"
"Oh, no, ma'am. Pa takes our clothes to Miz Mayberry the washer lady. He'd never let my ma wash clothes either. Said he wasn't about to let her pretty hands get rough. You got pretty hands, too, Miz Abby. Pa won't let you wash clothes, even if you've a mind to. Beside that, Miz Mayberry's a widow and washing clothes is the way she makes money. Pa says it's our duty to help her."
After their discussion about washing, Jenny led Abigail to a large garden behind the cabin and placed Ty on a blanket with some wooden toys. Together they picked tomatoes, squash, cucumbers, and other vegetables. After filling a couple of baskets, they delivered the food into the house and started washing it. A sound outside distracted them.
Jenny looked out the window. "Oh, criminy. It's Lola Pitts and her Ma and Pa. I just know they're here so's Lola can check you out. She's been wantin' my Pa to court her since forever. She went to school with Ma and Pa and she's right pretty, but Pa said she's just not right for him. I'm glad 'cause she's kinda uppity and mean to us when Pa's not around."
Abigail had no idea how to respond to Jenny's confidences. She leaned over and picked Ty up when Jenny opened the front door to their visitors' knock. Kissing his soft hair, she breathed his baby scent. A high pitched female voice said, "Well, hello, Jenny. Don't you look pretty. We came by to bring some welcoming blackberry preserves to your guest. May we come in?"
"Course, Miz Pitts. Can I get you some tea or coffee?" She stepped aside to allow the Pitts family to enter.
Abigail almost gasped at the beauty of the woman entering the room. If she were a debutante, every eligible man in Philadelphia would be courting her. Her youthful appearance suddenly made Abigail wonder just how old Brant was. He'd never said in his letters, but she'd assumed he was close to her own age because of the ages of his children.
Lola Pitts was followed by portly parents. Glancing from Lola to her parents, Abigail couldn't imagine how they'd conceived such a beautiful daughter.
Abigail extended her hand in greeting. "Hello, I'm Abigail Vaughn. It's a pleasure meeting you Mr. and Mrs. Pitts, Miss Pitts."
"Oh goodness, you must call me Lola." As the beauty spoke, she untied the bow of her bonnet and slid it off to reveal golden hair of a shade Abigail had never seen. The woman's pale blue eyes traveled up and down Abigail in a manner that made her straighten her shoulders. Obviously, Lola Pitts found her lacking.
Mrs. Pitts said, "So you're the mail order bride. News is all over town that you arrived yesterday. Can't fathom why Brant would want to marry someone he's never met, but men do strange things." She looked at her husband, "Isn't that right, dear?"
"Yes, that's right." Mr. Pitts looked uncomfortable.
Lola said, "We'll have some of that tea you offered, Jenny."
"Yes, ma'am. I made cookies yesterday, would you like one?"
"I don't think so. The last batch almost broke my tooth."
Abigail couldn't believe the woman's insensitivity and her mouth dropped. Jenny turned quickly away and rushed to gather glasses off the shelf.
Abigail set Ty in his high chair and walked to the stove to stir a pot of beans warming for lunch. Jenny returned to the table with glasses and began pouring tea and Abigail heard footsteps on the porch. Brant opened the door. "Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Pitts, Lola. This is a surprise."
Abigail noted that although he spoke politely, he didn't sound exactly thrilled to see them.
He continued, "We've just come in for lunch. Would you like to join us?"
Lola gushed, "Well, thank you, Brant. Yes, we'd love to join you."
Mr. and Mrs. Pitts murmured their agreement.
Abigail watched the children's faces as she set out plates and utensils. Neither Luke nor Jenny looked happy, and even Ty turned fussy.
Their guests made themselves comfortable on the benches and Miss Pitts said, "My dear Miz Vaughn, you must be suffering culture shock coming from the east. Please tell us why on earth you would want to come to this wild frontier?"
Jenny set a plate of sliced vegetables on the table and Brant lifted the pot of beans with a pot holder and ladled scoops onto everyone's plates. Miss Pitts beamed up at him with open admiration and a wave of jealousy unexpectedly hit Abigail. To cover her embarrassment, she placed a square of cornbread on Ty's plate.
Miss Pitts' shrill laughter filled the room. "Do you think Ty can eat all that cornbread?"
Abigail stared at the baby's plate. She'd added more cornbread to what was already there and now he had enough to feed a man. Pink suffused her face. "Oh, of course not." Because putting it back would be terrible etiquette, she grabbed the large cornbread and set it beside the one on her plate. Now she had enough for a man.
Brant placed the pot back on the stove and sat beside her. He said, "I wouldn't mind relieving you of that cornbread, Miz Abby."
"Yes, please, help yourself," she said gratefully.
Miss Pitts continued, "You haven't answered my question, Miz Vaughn. What do you think of our way of life? Not quite up to your accustomed standards?"
Abigail set her spoon down and her shoulder rubbed against Brant's because of Mrs. Pitts' chubby body on the other side of her. The contact started her stomach swirling with butterflies and she stuttered, "I-I." She glanced at the smirk on Luke's face and knew her answer was very important. Inhaling, she said, "In this wild frontier, as you call it, I find the countryside lovely and the inhabitants even lovelier. It's like being suddenly dropped into one of my favorite adventure novels. Perhaps you would feel the same if you moved east. Of course, after a time, you would fit in quite nicely, just as I will here."
Abigail glanced at Jenny's widened eyes and then at Luke's slightly opened mouth. She couldn't make herself look at Brant. Had she been unforgivably short with his childhood friend? She felt a slight shaking of his body. Like he was trying not to laugh.
Miss Pitts narrowed her eyes.
Mrs. Pitts broke the silence. "The MacGregors are having a barn-raising on Friday. Are you planning on attending?" She glanced from Brant to Abigail, and back to Brant.
"I surely am. Mick MacGregor helped me raise my barn. I was right sorry to hear his burned down."
The rest of the meal continued with small talk and an undercurrent of unease. Abigail was glad when the guests decided to leave. She watched Miss Pitts pull on her gloves and then place a hand on Brant's arm, giving him a look that held her heart in her eyes. "I look forward to seeing you at the barn-raising. I still remember the first time we danced when we were fourteen. Do you remember?"
Brant looked uncomfortable. "Yes, I do. That was the first time I got the courage to ask a girl to dance and the first time I danced with Molly, too. But, that was a long time ago."
"Some things can never be forgotten," Lola Pitts said sadly. The longing in her eyes made Abigail look away. Her previous irritation was replaced by sympathy for this woman who obviously pined for Brant.
Chapter 7:  Barn-Raising

Brant poured the final bucket of hot water into the tub that had been moved into Abby's room. He looked at the steaming water and memories of beautiful encounters with Molly flooded him. Without a word, he swiftly stepped from her room and shut the door, feeling an almost overwhelming desire to cry like a baby. Glancing up, he saw Luke watching him, a knowing look reflected in his eyes before he quickly turned and started up the ladder to the loft, his book in tow. "Goodnight Pa," he said, without attitude.
Shocked by his son's goodnight wish, he replied softly, "Goodnight, son."
Abby entered the room from Jenny's bedroom. "They're all tucked in. I guess I'll say goodnight, too. Thank you for preparing the bath."
A few minutes later, the sound of muffled splashing had Brant gritting his teeth. He needed to escape the cabin. Stepping into the lovely night, crickets greeted him with their cacophony and owls with their hoots. The moon hung large and bright and a soft breeze ruffled his hair. Walking toward the corral, he paused and reflected on his day.
Lola's visit had been surprising. During their last conversation a few weeks ago, he'd tried to gently make her understand that there would never be anything between them. She'd become upset and said some unkind words before begging him to reconsider. He knew she'd always had feelings for him but he'd never felt the same thing. God knows he'd tried to after Molly's death so his children would have a mother. He'd even gone so far as to kiss her with a passion he didn't feel. He might as well have kissed a fish. The thought of marrying Lola was worse than the idea of advertising for a bride.
His thoughts turned to Abby and he smiled when he remembered the chicken poop incident. She was starting to grow on him. He also liked the way she'd handled Luke; not overwhelming him, and saying just the right thing.
The fact that she was a teacher was also a plus and one of the reasons he'd selected her over the others. Unlike some of his neighbors, he was a strong believer in education. If Abby was the right mother for his children, and if he could make a profit selling his herd next year, then Ty would have the care he needed and he could hire a ranch hand. That way, Jenny and Luke could go back to school.
At one time, Luke had even talked about becoming an attorney. God knows they needed honest ones. His neighbors, the Joneses, had lost their home to the bank when they couldn't make their payments. If there'd been an upstanding lawyer in town to fight the bank's out-of-town one, maybe something could have been worked out or a loophole discovered that would have bought the family more time.
He stared at the moon. Molly, I miss you so much. What do you think about Abby? Is she the one you want mothering our children? A shooting star streaked across the sky.
* * *
Abigail smiled as she watched Jenny twirl in the dress she'd altered to fit her by loosening the seams and sewing on a ruffle at the bottom. The girl needed new dresses and already Abigail was planning on using the remainder of the fabric from the dress she'd used for the ruffle to make another dress for her. She even had some dresses with fabric suitable for sewing shirts for males. She may not be much of a cook, but she could sew very well. She wondered if Brant had money for more cloth. It would be fun helping the children make selections for new clothing.
"You're gonna be the prettiest girl at the party," said Brant. He looked at Abigail and mouthed, "Thank you."
She felt her ever ready blush suffuse her face and turned to Ty to straighten the shirt she'd sewn from one of her cotton slips. She'd wanted to make something for Luke, but he'd ignored her hints. Even now, he sat sulkily at the table reading his novel, but she'd seen him glance up more than once.
"Everyone ready?" asked Brant.
Shouts of "Yes, yes," came from Jenny and "Yeth, yeth," from Ty.
Abigail joined the gaiety, "Yes!"
Brant held the door open and Abigail appraised him from lowered lashes. My, but he was a handsome man, and so young looking. She really needed to ask him how old he was without embarrassing herself.
"Doesn't Miz Abby look pretty?" Jenny said as Abigail walked past him.
He looked down and met Abigail's eyes. Ty, holding her hand, reached to hug her legs, which made her pause. "Pretty Mama." To cover the awkward moment, she reached and lifted the toddler into her arms.
Brant said softly, "Very pretty."
Abigail hastened to the buckboard.
Luke hopped onto the back of the wagon and Brant lifted Jenny beside him before reaching to take Ty from Abigail's arms and hand him over to his daughter. Abigail's heart pounded when he encircled her waist with his strong hands and lifted her onto the front bench as if she were as light as a feather. She'd lost weight since beginning her trek west, but she was still a far cry from being a tiny woman. Images of petite and beautiful Lola popped into her mind and she pushed them aside. Obviously, Brant had not wanted to marry her. A smug smile lifted the corners of her mouth.
Brant jumped onto the buckboard and laughed, "Now, Miz Abby, what's that smile about?"
Mortified, Abigail placed her hand over her mouth, but couldn't make the smile go away. Looking at him with laughing eyes, she said, "Something I can't share."
He laughed and flicked the reins, sending everyone into a backward sway.
Abigail grabbed the edge of her seat and asked, "How far are we going?"
"The MacGregors are three miles west."
Wally followed alongside their buckboard for about a half mile until Brant told him to go back home. With his tail between his legs, he watched them roll on. Abigail turned to look at him.
Brant laughed. "He's quite the actor. See how he's already got you feeling sorry for him."
Abigail giggled. "I always wanted a dog growing up, but my parents refused to let me have one. Wally's already found his way into my heart." Immediately, she regretted her heartfelt words. She didn't know Brant well enough to expose her inner thoughts.
He didn't reply and she was glad.
Abigail's hip bumped the container of cookies on the seat between them. She and Jenny had made them the day before. Thankfully, they were chewable, although not as tasty as she had hoped. She really wished she'd paid more attention to Mrs. Puffins' culinary skill back in Philadelphia. Next time she was in Two Rivers, she intended to buy a cookbook at the general store.
Although it was still morning, the weather was already turning muggy. Abigail lifted her head to the sky, its blueness sending happiness into her heart. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply. When she opened them, Brant was staring at her. Her curiosity got the better of her and she asked bluntly, "How old are you?"
He turned to look ahead. "Thirty-two."
She gasped and looked away from his profile. She was six years older. "Youyou married very young."
"We were both seventeen. Does my age bother you?"
She looked back at him. "A little. I'm thirty-eight."
He pulled the reins to adjust the horses' path. "Well, Miz Abby, your age doesn't bother me in the least."
Abigail bit the inside of her cheek and watched the passing countryside.
* * *
Brant chuckled at the startled look on prim and proper Miz Abby's face when he told her his age. Hell, what difference did six years make. Obviously, it made a difference to her.
The rest of the way, they made small talk and he pointed out places of interest in the countryside. "Those hills are called the Little Siblings and beyond those trees is Moccasin River, one of the two that crosses paths just outside the town of Two Rivers. The other cuts through the north of my property and its called Hawk River."
He crested a hill above a cabin similar to his own and pulled the reins. "Whoa horses!" Pausing their trek, he turned to smile at Abby. "That's the MacGregor place."
For the moment, she seemed to have forgotten her shock over their age difference and smiled at the happy scene. Other neighbors had already arrived and men, young and old, were hammering out the frame of a barn. Young women scurried after children and elderly ones sat in chairs on the porch or under trees. Older children chased each other in a game of tag. Picnic tables had been placed under the shade of tall oaks. Long tablecloths flapped in the breeze.
Brant flicked the reins and started down the hill. He pulled his buckboard beside the others and jumped down. Walking around the wagon he helped Abby down first. Next he lifted Ty from Jenny's arms and handed him to Abby. Then he scooped his daughter up and swung her around until she squealed. Luke jumped down and Brant said, "Wait up, son."
A middle-aged woman approached. "Welcome Brant. We're real happy your family could make it." She glanced curiously at Abby.
"Hello Cora, we wouldn't have missed it. Mick helped me raise my barn and I wanted to return the favor after I heard yours burned down." He grinned mischievously, "Actually, I came for the food."
Cora laughed, "Well, there's plenty of that."
"We made cookies!" Jenny said proudly.
"That was mighty thoughtful, Jenny. I'll put them on the dessert table."
Brant reached for the container and handed it to Cora and then said, "Cora, I'd like you to meet Miz Abigail Vaughn."
Cora held out her hand. "Pleasure meetin' ya, Miz Vaughn."
Abby held Ty in one arm and stretched her other one out to Cora's handshake. "Please call me Abigailor Abby," she replied.
Brant said, "Luke, help me unhitch the horses and move them to the corral."
* * *
While the men tended the horses, Cora smiled at Abigail. "You come with me and I'll introduce you around." She looked at Jenny. "My goodness, Jenny, what a pretty dress!"
"Miz Abby fixed it up for me," she beamed, and turned in a circle. Laughter caught her attention and she looked past Cora to children playing tag. "Miz Abby, can I go play?"
"Honey, you go play to your heart's delight."
Jenny started to run toward the children, paused, and turned back to Abigail. "I'll come back and help you with Ty in a little bit."
Abigail shook her head. "No, you just play and have fun. Ty and I will be fine." She glanced at Cora to see an approving look.
Cora grasped her elbow. "Com'on and meet some folks." A wonderful lightheartedness entered Abigail's heart. She felt connected to Cora and these hardworking country people. She almost felt like she belonged there.
Her hostess led her to a group of elderly women sitting on chairs and benches beneath the tallest oak. "Howdy, ladies. I'd like ya'll to meet Miz Abigail Vaughn. She's a friend of Brant Samson. Abby, this is Miz Mina Priestly, Miz Vera Simpson, Miz Kathryn Nantucket, and Miz Sadie Thomas. And, of course, ladies, you know Ty Samson."
The baby clutched Abigail's neck and twisted to look at the food table.
"I'm very pleased to make your acquaintances," said Abigail.
"So you're the mail order bride," said Mina Priestly. The way that baby's clingin' to ya, looks like Brant's done good in pickin' ya out. Why don't cha grab a seat next to me so's we can get to know each other."
The other women heartily agreed with Mina.
The wail of a child captured everyone's attention and Cora said, "That's my youngest. Better see why he's carryin' on so. 'Scuse me, ladies."
Abigail sat on the bench beside Mina and set a squirming Ty on the ground. She laughed, "I may only be able to stay a minute if he takes off running."
Vera said, "I understand. I raised ten youngins' meself. Didnt get any rest 'til I was in my sixties."
"So when's the weddin'?" asked Mina.
Abigail bent over quickly to keep Ty from putting a stick in his mouth, grateful for the distraction. Still leaning over, she said, "Ah, I'm not sure."
One of the women clucked and Mina said, "No doubt it'll be soon. Brant's an upstanding young man and wouldn't do anything to tarnish your reputation."
Another buckboard rolled up near the corral and Sadie said, "It's the Pitts. Wonder why they came? They don't usually associate much with the other ranchers."
"Aw, come on Sadie," said Mina. "You know Lola's been tryin' ta hog tie Brant into marriage since she was sixteen. I imagine she's right miffed that he's gettin' his wife from a newspaper advertisement."
Abigail continued giving all her attention to Ty. This wasn't a conversation she wanted to participate in. Mina reached an arthritic hand to pat Abigail's knee. "You keep an eye on her, hear? She's as sneaky as the day is long. This is her last chance to snag Brant and she knows it."
Abigail nodded because she didn't know what else to do.
"Mina's right, lookie there." Sadie pointed.
Abigail glanced back at the Pitts to see Brant and Luke had left the corral and Brant was lifting Lola down from the wagon. When he set her on the ground, she stepped close to him and reached to touch his shoulder.
"See what I mean, Abigail," said Mina. "Maybe you should mosey on over there and lay claim to your man."
"Ah, ahI-I"
Kathryn said, "Mina, stop embarrassing the girl. She's an easterner and they don't do things the same out there."
"Oh piddle, a man's a man and a woman's a woman and a floozy's a floozy, no matter how you spell it out."
Abigail was saved further embarrassment when Ty took off running. "Excuse me, ladies. It was nice chatting with you."
Ty ran to the tables of food with billowing tablecloths. Giggling, he gave her a mischievous smile and crawled under the table, hiding behind the tablecloth. Abigail laughed at his impishness and went down on her hands and knees, peering underneath. He burst into peals of laughter when he saw her and started crawling away.
"Oh, no, you don't." Abigail grabbed his foot and tugged him toward her, which only made them both laugh all the more. Finally, she dragged him from under the table. Beside her, boots came into her line of sight. Looking up, she saw Brant's eyes dancing with merriment. He squatted beside her and Ty.
"Having a little trouble, Miz Vaughn?" he reached for Ty and lifted him onto his shoulders. The boy squealed with delight.
"I think I handled things fairly well, Mister Samson," she laughed, still on her knees.
Brant stood and stretched his arm to help her up. She grabbed his calloused palm and let him pull her to her feet, close to his body. Glancing over his shoulder, she saw Lola sending her a venomous stare, and Luke a hurt one. Stepping away from him, she smoothed her dress. "I think I'll go check on Jenny."
* * *
Brant watched Abby walk toward the group of children Jenny was playing with. The woman was as skittish as a colt. He smiled thinking about the sight of Abby on her knees chasing Ty. Unlike some women who would have chastised the baby, she'd laughed and played his game. Brant liked that. Yep, the more he was around Abby, the more he was beginning to think she would make a great ma for his children. If only he could get Luke to realize the same thing.
* * *
Abigail met more neighbors throughout the day and found that most treated her very well. Several came right out and asked personal questions which she danced around or suddenly found a diversion to excuse herself. After lunch, the men resumed raising the barn and the youngest children were put down for naps on blankets under trees. The older children were made to play quiet games.
Abigail sat on a blanket under the oaks with Ty asleep beside her. She leaned her head against the gnarled trunk. Around her, other women sat on blankets and she listened to gossip, upcoming church activities, and the best way to calm a colicky baby. She closed her eyes and envisioned what her life would be like in Philadelphia if she were still there. No doubt, she'd be creating school lessons, reading a novel or shuffling from room to room in her home. Viewing her circumstances with honesty, she asked herself if she would rather be there or here. The answer was obvious. She wanted to be here amidst these country folk and enjoying the sunshine, playing with children, and watching Brant wield a hammer. Lazily, she opened her eyes and searched him out. He was nailing boards on top of the barn. He'd rolled his sleeves up and unbuttoned his shirt to his navel. When he leaned back on his knees and removed his hat, swiping his face and neck with his bandana, she was again struck by his comeliness and felt desire unfurl in her stomach. I want to marry him.
When she considered her desire for this man, she knew his looks enticed her, but more than that, his kindness and love for his children drew her in. He seemed to feel her eyes watching him and turned his head in her direction. His gaze, even from a distance, made her heart flutter. Next to her, one of the young mothers said quietly, "Sure wish my man looked at me like that."
* * *
Brant washed up at the well. Enough of the barn was raised so that MacGregor could finish the details on his own. The cool water felt refreshing. Walking to his horse, he changed into the extra shirt he'd brought, and then returned to the house. Women bustled around the tables setting out supper and his stomach growled loudly. Around dusk, the musicians would fire up their fiddles and the hoedown would begin. Since Molly's death, he hadn't been sociable, and now he realized just how much he'd missed gatherings like this.
He went in search of Abby. She had Ty on one hip and was handing him a slice of bread with the other. She smiled at his baby and Brant got to see her beautiful teeth. He couldn't believe how much a smiled changed her face from plain to pretty. She looked up, still smiling, and his heart somersaulted.
"That food looks mighty good," he said, just to have something to say.
"You must be starving after working so hard." Abby licked bread crumbs from her fingers.
Brant had a sudden vision of lifting her fingers to his lips and licking the crumbs away himself. He looked quickly across the yard. "Guess I'll go find Jenny and Luke and see what they're up to."
Glancing around he spotted Jenny sitting with her girlfriends, each one trying to out talk the other. He didn't see Luke anywhere. Walking to the corral, he rounded a shed and found him reclined against the slats, staring into space, an open novel on his lap. His heart softened for the boy who was the spitting image of himself, and instead of berating him for being antisocial asked, "Is that a good book?"
Startled, Luke turned and then composed his features into bland indifference. "Yeah, it's pretty good."
Brant had a sudden inspiration. "Have you ever considered writing stories yourself?"
Luke gave him an incredulous look. "What? Me write a book?"
"Sure, why not? Since you love reading so much, why not write your own adventure tales?"
For once, Luke didn't seem to have a retort.
Brant started to turn around, but stopped. "You know, Miz Abby bein' a teacher and all, she could help if you got stuck on words."
A closed expression came over Luke's face. "I don't want nothin' from her, and I sure don't want her to be my ma. My ma's dead."
Brant sighed. "That's right, son. How many times do we have to have this discussion? Your ma's dead, but you're not. You've got your whole life ahead of you and your ma would want you to be happy. She'd also want your brother and sister taken care of."
"Would she want you sleepin' with another woman?"
Brant narrowed his eyes. "I can't believe you just said that."
"Well, would she?"
"She'd want me happy, Luke. And if that's what it involves, the answer is, yes." Brant walked away from his son.
At dusk, kerosene lanterns were lit in the new barn and everyone crowded inside intent on having a good time. The fiddlers tuned up and the hard working ranchers pulled out jugs of liquor while young bucks eyed young ladies and visa versa. Babies and small children were relegated to a corner and made to lie on blankets while mothers hovered nearby.
One of the fiddlers called out the name of a tune and tapped the body of his instrument with his bow, setting the timing. The other fiddlers joined in and lively notes filled the barn. Young couples rushed to the middle of the floor and started showing off their moves. Older couples and children danced on the fringes.
Brant watched Jenny dancing with Tommy, a boy her age, and laughed when he stepped on her toes and she yelled, "Ouch!"
Near the entrance to the barn he saw Luke leaning against the frame and watching the festivities. Marylou, one of Cora's girls, approached his son and said something. Luke shrugged and actually smiled at the girl. When he sat on a bale of hay and motioned for her to join him, Brant heaved a sigh of relief and then moved his gaze to the far corner with women and small children. Abby sat in a chair holding a sleeping Ty in her arms. Walking over, he said, "Let me lay him down so you can dance."
"Oh, goodness, no. I haven't danced in years. Besides, I don't know these steps."
He lifted his baby from her lap and laid him on a nearby blanket. "Will you watch him, Peggy Lynn?" he asked a young mother.
"I shore will," she gave him a conspiratorial wink.
Brant placed a hand under Abby's elbow. "Come on, Miz Abby so I can teach you these dance steps."
"I really have two left feet."
"Well, I have two right feet. So I guess that balances things out." He urged her from her chair and escorted her to the dance floor. Pulling her into his arms, he counted steps aloud and patiently showed her the moves. She was right about having two left feet, but it didn't matter. Before long he was twirling her around the room. The music picked up and her face flushed a lovely pink from her exertion. She laughed, flashing her beautiful smile, and Brant had a sudden desire to explore the mouth behind that smile.
The song ended and a slow one took its place. Abby started to walk off the dance floor, but he pulled her back. "Not yet, Abby." Holding her in a chaste manner, he guided her into the steps of a love ballad that toothless Charlie sang to perfection. Before the ballad was over, he'd pulled her closer and lowered his head to smell the freshness of her hair. The song ended and he didn't move away immediately. Abby broke their stance and said breathlessly, "I need to check on Ty."
Brant chuckled and watched her skirt away. My, but she was skittish. That fact, however, didn't bother him. He kind of liked the challenge of getting her used to him.
"Can I have this dance, Brant?" Lola interrupted his musings.
Because refusing would be downright rude, he said, "Of course, Lola," and reached for her hand. She snuggled close to him and made him wish he'd been rude.
Standing on tiptoe, she lifted her lips to his ear and whispered. "Brant, you really don't want to marry her, do you? At least Molly was beautiful. This woman is plain. How exciting can she be to a man of yourvigor? Don't you remember how it was when you kissed me? I have so much to offer you."
Brant wanted to groan. The woman was disgusting. "We've already been through this, Lola."
A pleading edge entered her tone. "Brant, I'll do anything you ask of me. I love you. I always have. I'd even go down on my knees and beg if I thought that would help. Just give me a chance."
Brant stopped dancing. "Lola, no. I'm not the man for you and you're not the woman for me. I'm not going to say it again." He felt her stiffen. So as not to embarrass her, he continued dancing, but when the song ended, he nodded politely and walked away.
* * *
The ride home by the full light of the moon was eerily beautiful. The older children slept in the back of the buckboard while Abigail held Ty in her arms. Softly, she said to Brant, "This has been a good day."
"Yes, it has. It's been a long time since I socialized with my neighbors. It felt good."
For the rest of the ride, they discussed the events of the day and laughed over funny happenings. Back at the ranch, while Brant and Luke unharnessed and bedded the horses, Abigail got Ty and Jenny to bed. As she tucked the covers around Jenny, the sleepy girl said, "I love you."
Abigail didn't know if she'd said it in her sleep or with awareness. No matter, it touched her mother's heart and brought tears to her eyes. "I love you, too, sweet girl." She bent and kissed Jenny's cheek and then the sleeping baby's.
Brant and Luke hadn't returned to the cabin and she was too exhausted to wait for them. Going to her room, she prepared for bed and crawled in. She was so tired the lumpy mattress didn't bother her. A knock on her door startled her awake. Was something wrong? She jumped up and opened the door wide, not even covering her nightgown. Brant stood in her doorway looking nervous. "Is everything okay?" she asked worriedly.
"I need to talk to you. Can you come outside for a minute?"
"Of course. I'll be right out." Abigail's heart pounded. What could be wrong? She tossed a cape over her nightgown and walked onto the front porch. Brant stood leaning against one of the posts. He didn't turn around and she walked to stand beside him. The light of the moon shone strong and enhanced the masculine planes of his face.
"What's wrong, Brant? Is Luke okay?"
"Luke's fine."
While she waited for him to speak, she listened to owls hoot and coyotes howl, feeling more nervous with each passing second. Was he going to ask her to leave; tell her she wasn't right for him or the children?
Slowly he turned toward her. "I want to marry you, Abigail Mary Vaughn."
She held her breath.
He continued, "Soon."
She couldn't breathe.
"Will you marry me, Abby?"
Finally her voice worked and she said softly, "Yes."
"There's something we need to talk about though."
"Okay." She waited.
"Luke doesn't want me to marry you."
"I know that, and I understand how he feels."
"He doesn't want me to sleep with you, either."
Abigail placed a hand over her heart. Never had she imagined having this sort of discussion with a man and she wasn't prepared for it. She couldn't think what to say.
Brant said, "We need to talk about that part of our lives, Abby. I don't intend to be a monk. I expect us to be husband and wife in every way."
Abigail nodded, but she didn't know if he saw it.
"I'll give you time to adjust. You can stay in your own room. I don't know how long it will be, butI'll try to be patient. It'll give Luke time to come around, too." He turned the full force of his gaze on her and Abigail felt her knees go weak.
She said, "I understand and accept your conditions, Brant Samson."
"Then I'll ride out tomorrow and ask the preacher to marry us on Sunday."
Abigail nodded.
"Before you go back in the house, there's one more thing, Abby."
She gazed questioningly up at him.
"I intend to kiss you."
Abigail's lips parted in surprise and his lowered to them. The kiss was light, sweet, but filled with so much promise that Abigail made a tiny sound and leaned into him. He cupped the back of her head and increased the pressure until Abigail was lost in a sea of sensation. She didnt want to go back in the house. She wanted to kiss Brant all night under the moonlight.
He broke the kiss. "Miz Abby, I think you best go in now."
Feeling embarrassed by her aggressive behavior, she rushed inside.
Chapter 8:  Wedding Day

Jenny helped Abigail dress for her wedding. Now that it was here, she was a bundle of nerves. The little girl cinched Abigail's corset as tight as a child of ten could and then helped her into the cream colored dress Abigail had designed and sewn with the help of a seamstress before leaving Philadelphia. Her marriage may be one of convenience, but it was still a special day that she'd wanted fond memories of.
Gently, Jenny touched the multiple lace layers spanning the bodice and sleeves. "It's so beautiful, Miz Abby! My Pa is gonna think you're the prettiest lady in the world."
Those words, spoken with such innocence, meant more to Abigail than her most precious jewelry. If only they were true. She had no illusions about herself. She didn't consider herself physically appealing and she knew Brant was only marrying her to mother his children. Yet, a spark inside her breast wanted him to look on her today with longing. Reaching for her wide brimmed hat with a short veil that she would pull down over her face before the wedding, she said breathlessly, "I-I guess I'm ready."
"Wait!" said Jenny. "You've got to have something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue."
"Oh, goodness. I didn't think about that." Suddenly, Abigail had an idea. "How about this for something old and something newsomething old will be my name, Abigail, but something new will be the name your father calls me, Abby. I'll think of myself as Abby from henceforth."
"I like that, Miz Abby! Now what about something borrowed? Wait! I've got it in the trunk in my room!" Jenny rushed out the door and returned a few minutes later grinning widely. "My ma gave me this on the Christmas afore she died. And look, it's got blue stitches in it."
Tears sprang to Abby's eyes. "Thank you, Jenny. It's perfect." Tucking the delicate handkerchief into her sleeve, Abby bent and kissed her soon to be stepdaughter.
Jenny walked to hold the bedroom door open.
Placing a hand over her heart, Abby said a silent prayer of thanksgiving for her new family. Leaving her room, she paused in the doorway and inhaled a calming breath. Brant was sitting at the table sipping coffee. Ty and Luke were eating biscuits and boiled eggs.
Jenny called to her Pa, "Look Papa, isn't Miz Abby pretty?"
When Brant turned, he jumped up and almost knocked his coffee over. Jenny giggled. Ty said, "Pretty Mama," and Luke shoved a biscuit in his mouth, solemnly chewing.
"You look lovely," Brant said in his wonderfully deep voice. "And so do you, Jenny."
"You look very nice, too," Abby responded shyly. He wore black slacks and a handsome double-breasted white shirt. His work boots had been replaced by dress boots polished to a spit shine. His longish hair, combed back, still glistened with water and his blue eyes seemed even bluer in contrast to his deep tan. He was so much more than she had anticipated.
"Well, guess we best get started." Brant picked Ty up and walked him to the sink to wipe his hands and face.
Jenny rushed to the door. "Come on, Luke. Don't be a jerk today."
Luke narrowed his eyes at his sister.
Brant said, "You should eat something, Abby, before we leave. We'll wait."
"Goodness, no. My stomach has too many butterflies to make room for food." Her admission, spoken without thinking, made her want to cringe in embarrassment. Brant only did that "quirk of the lips" thing that meant he was laughing on the inside. He reached for his hat and slipped into a black frock coat. He looked so handsome and his shoulders were so wide, Abby could barely breathe.
As the horses plodded to the church, Jenny talked about everything from wedding dresses to the dietary habits of chickens. Wally followed them the customary half mile and gave his forlorn look when Brant ordered him home. Ty sat on the buckboard between his father and Abby and pointed to objects along the way. "Tweeburdwabbit." Abby held her parasol over their heads and smiled, smoothing the baby's curls. She thought about the coming winter months and the lesson plans she'd already begun designing for Jenny and Luke. She was making picture cards for Ty.
"A penny for your thoughts," Brant said.
Abby met his gaze and smiled. "I've been thinking about lesson plans and some books Luke and Jenny might like to read. I've even got lessons planned for Ty."
Brant gave her a grateful look. "Thank you, Abby." His slow smile made her pulse race. Glancing back at the fall countryside, she pulled her cloak tighter and marveled at the colorful leaves, blue sky, and rolling hills of her new home that now seemed the loveliest place on earth.
Brant pulled the horses into the churchyard. On the outskirts of town, it was already filling with people. "Looks like the whole town's turned out for the wedding," he mused. He lifted Ty from the wagon, handed him to Luke, and then came around to help Abby down. The touch of his hands encircling her waist sent shivers up her spine and she felt her face burn. For an instant, his hands lingered and held her close.
Luke started walking toward the church and Brant said, "Hold up, son. We'll walk in as a family."
His words sent a thrill through Abby's heart. Never, during the lonely years of caring for her parents, had she believed she would have her own family. She'd imagined what it would be like, but never truly thought it would happen. Perhaps it wasn't too late for her to bear her own child. The possibility sent another wave of crimson color to her face and she glanced at Brant to see him offering her his arm. Smiling shyly, she accepted it and they all walked into the church together.
Immediately, parishioners descended and offered congratulations. Mrs. Merriweather, the pastor's wife, whom Abby had met at the barn-raising, welcomed them and said a reception had been planned for after the service. She looked almost as nervous as Abby felt. "I just love weddings!" she gushed, and then proceeded to exclaim over Abby's dress.
At precisely ten o'clock everyone found their seats and Mrs. Merriweather played the piano. Lovely songs were sung and then the freckle-faced young pastor took the pulpit, announcing the wedding would be at the end of the service. Thankfully, he shortened his sermon and spoke about the acts of kindness performed by the disciples. He encouraged everyone to perform their own acts of kindness that day. Finally, he said, "Now it's time to join Brant Samson and Abigail Vaughn as husband and wife. After the wedding, we'll be celebrating with food and song. I'd like to thank everyone who brought something for this momentous occasion on such short notice."
Mrs. Merriweather, tall and thin, whereas her husband was short and stocky, walked back to the piano, a huge grin on her face, and began playing a soft tune. The pastor said, "Will the happy couple please come forward?"
Brant sat Ty on the bench beside Jenny, but the toddler climbed to his feet so he could see what was happening. Abby followed Brant into the aisle, pulled her veil over her face, and accepted the arm he offered. Between her excitement and not eating, she was feeling dizzy. In a daze, she walked to stand before the pastor. Unwanted thoughts raced through her mind. Do you really want to marry someone who doesn't love you the way a husband should love his wife? Are you ready to become the mother of three children? Can you handle living in the wilds and not the city?
"Please hold hands," said Pastor Merriweather, and the music ceased.
Brant reached for her hand that trembled and she realized it was now or never if she wanted to call off her wedding. When his warm clasp enfolded her fingers, she knew without a doubt that he was the husband she desired.
The preacher said, "Dearly beloved, we are gathered together in the sight of God to join this man and this woman in holy matrimony"
Abby listened to the preacher's words in a fog. She really should have eaten something. After a time, he said, "Do you, Abigail Mary Vaughn, take Brant Samson to be your wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, in sickness and in health" Softly, she said yes when he finished his question.
When the preacher asked for the rings, Brant reached inside his pocket and brought out the simple bands he'd purchased the day before at the general store. Her hands shook when it was her turn to place the ring on his finger.
The preacher spoke more words and Abby's head felt fuzzy. Then he said words she understood, "I now pronounce you husband and wife. Brant, you may kiss your bride."
As if in slow motion, Brant raised her short veil and touched his lips to hers. When he lifted his head, she saw concern in his eyes, just before everything went black.
A familiar deep voice, speaking from far away, barely penetrated Abby's void. She concentrated on the soothing sound. "Abby, open your eyes and look at me. Abby, open your eyes."
The darkness felt safe and she didn't want to leave it, but the voice was persistent and kind. With difficulty she lifted her eyelids.
"That's my girl. Talk to me."
After a few seconds of confusion, awareness flooded her and she glanced around. She was inside the church being held on Brant's lap like a child. Several people surrounded them looking concerned.
Mortification made her eyes widen. "I'm so sorry I fainted."
Relief passed across Brant's face and he looked up. "She needs to eat. Can someone bring my wife a slice of bread and something to drink?"
"I'll get it," said Mrs. Merriweather.
The pastor boomed to everyone, "Now that we know Mrs. Samson is fine, let's push the benches aside and ready the room for the newlyweds' reception. We'll just leave Brant and his Missus alone for awhile."
Abby listened to the commotion of scraping pews and directions being called out. She said shakily, "I think I can sit up now."
Brant lifted her to sit beside him and Mrs. Merriweather returned with bread wrapped in a cloth napkin and a glass of milk. He accepted the sustenance from her and the woman patted Abby on the shoulder.
Mrs. Mina Priestly walked over and said, "You're gonna be jus' fine. Gettin' married to this outstandin' specimen of a man would have any gal faintin'."
Abby felt embarrassed by her words.
Brant acted like he hadn't heard the old woman. "Here, honey, eat some bread." He handed the napkin to her and she gratefully nibbled. After a few minutes, he handed her the milk. The food and drink revived her strength and she glanced around to see they were sitting on the front pew and all the other benches had been moved to the walls to make room for tables placed in the center of the room. Ladies were filling the tables with food. A smaller table held a cake.
Abby said, "Goodness, I didn't expect all this."
Brant said softly, "A wedding is something to celebrate."
Lifting her eyes shyly to his, she smiled her agreement. Soon, Abby got over her initial embarrassment about fainting when the parishioners treated her like one of their own. Never had she felt such a sense of belonging. She was beginning to associate names with the faces of her neighbors.
Brant stayed by her side, and other than a couple of times when she saw a look of sadness in his eyes, he was attentive and funny. Her wedding day turned out to be wonderful; something quite different from what she had expected. To her relief, Lola Pitts and her parents didnt attend.
One of the younger mothers, Mrs. Lita Brandon, took oversight of Ty and Jenny and insisted that all three of Brant's children spend the night with her family so Brant and Abby could have at least one night alone. Abby protested, but Brant agreed.
The same fiddlers from the barn-raising struck up happy tunes and the country folk celebrated heartily. Brant explained, "Winter's coming, and everyone celebrates as much as they can before then. Gives a person something to remember on cold, stormy nights."
Late in the afternoon, Brant helped Abby onto their wagon and bid everyone goodbye amidst shouts of "Congratulations!"
As he turned the wagon toward their cabin, nervousness infused her chest. She tried to make small talk, but Brant had turned quiet. No doubt he was reflecting on his new state of matrimony. She figured the sadness she'd seen in his eyes earlier stemmed from remembrances of his wedding to his first wife, the love of his life.
Wanting to be sensitive, Abby ceased talking and watched the countryside.
Chapter 9:  Honeymoon Blues

Brant drove the horses to the front of the cabin shortly before dusk and helped Abby down. Part of him wanted to carry her inside and make long, sweet love to her. The other part wanted to escape her presence and visit Molly's grave. He chose the latter.
After seeing her into the cabin, he said, "I'll see you in the morning."
She gave him a little smile. "Okay. Good night."
Quickly unhitching and bedding down his horses, he made the ten minute walk to Molly's small gravestone followed by Wally. The dog stood vigil at the foot of the grave and Brant sat and leaned against the old oak whose branches stretched out overhead as if protective of the happenings below. He said aloud, "Hello, Molly, love. Well, I did it. I married her. Now the youngins have a ma. And she's a real good one." Tears choked his next words, "But I miss you so much. I don't know if I can be a good husband to her because of how much I loved you. Eventually, I'm gonna sleep with her 'cause I still have those needs raging in me, but I feel guilty on so many counts. Guilty like I'm sorta cheating on you and guilty because I'll just be using her body for my needs. Anyway, I told her I'd give her time to adjust, so it hasn't happened yet. And then there's Luke. He hates the fact that I've remarried. I don't know how to reach our son."
Wally moved from the grave to stretch out beside his masterwhimpering dog words and licking his hand. Brant stroked his fur and leaned his head against the trunk, staying near Molly's grave until well after dark.
* * *
Abby tossed in her bed until she finally heard the muffled sounds of Brant's return. Curling into a ball, she relived her wedding day, detail by detail. Brant had been so kind about her stupidly fainting. She smiled and whispered, "You are Mrs. Brant Samson and you have three children." Then she rolled over and stared at her door feeling a longing so intense she wanted to rush from her room, burst into his, and throw herself into his arms to partake of the intimacies of marriage. Forcing herself to close her eyes and relax, she drifted to sleep, dreaming of blue eyes, black hair, strong arms, and a deep voice that whispered ardent words she couldn't decipher because of her inexperience.
Sunlight streamed through Abby's bedroom window and she stretched and yawned, still feeling lovely emotions from dreams she couldn't quite remember. She crawled from bed and reached for her pocket watch. Seven o'clock! What must Brant be thinking? She should have been up two hours ago and kindled the stove for coffee and then retrieved eggs from the chicken coop. She rushed to wash up in her basin and dress in her serviceable clothing. Pausing just a moment to lovingly finger her wedding dress hanging on a peg, she smiled and then hurried from her room. Brant was sitting at the table sipping coffee.
"I'm so sorry for sleeping late!" She grabbed the basket for retrieving eggs.
"Abby, I already got the eggs. Besides, I'm glad you slept in. You had a long day yesterday. I'm kinda takin' it easy myself. Sit down and have coffee with me."
Abby set the basket back down and reached for a coffee tin in the cupboard while Brant grabbed a potholder and picked up the pot. He filled her cup and sat across from her. "Did you sleep well?" he asked.
"Like a baby."
She thought she saw a disappointed look flicker across his face, but wasn't sure. He sipped his coffee again. "I'm gonna leave around noon to pick the children up. Do you want to come with me?"
"Yes, I'd love to."
"Um, I need to warn you that Neal and Lita are gonna think we, uh, you know, last night"
Abby turned pink. "I understand."
"Anyway, they might jokingly say some things that are kindaembarrassing."
"Ah, maybe I'll stay here." She jumped up. "Hey, I think I'll take a hint from yesterday and eat something. How about pancakes?"
When Brant left after lunch to pick the children up, Abby opened her trunk and searched the bottom of it. Finding the books she'd packed, she placed them on her bed and looked for one Luke might enjoy that was not already a part of Brant's collection. She'd been hesitant to give him a book before now because of his aversion to her and the fact that he so enjoyed dime novels. She perused her selection until one captured her attention, Treasure Island. Grinning, she set the book aside, and then hurried to ready the house for the children's return and stir beans simmering on the stove. Next, she decided to make cookies. She'd helped Jenny a few times and the stone hard texture had improved to a softer one. Yes, she would surprise everyone with a sweet! Pulling out the ingredients, she set to work, humming and grinning foolishly to herself.
When the buckboard rolled to the front of the house, she had several dozen cookies waiting on a plate. The door burst open and Luke slammed in.
"Hello Luke. Would you like a treat?" she asked cheerily.
He glowered at her and shouted, "No. All I want is for you to leave and never come back!"
His hateful words sent a dagger through her heart and she gasped.
He rushed to the loft ladder and had just stepped onto the bottom rung when Brant stormed in. "Luke!" he yelled. "Get your ass back here and apologize! I won't have you talking to Abby like that!"
She interrupted, "Brant, its okay."
"The hell it is! Get over here, Luke! Don't make me come after you."
"Brant, please, don't"
"Abby, this is between me and my son. Don't interfere!"
Abby saw movement at the front door and turned to see Jenny holding Ty and both of them with tears streaming down their faces. Rushing over, she lifted Ty into her arms. "Come on, let's go for a walk." She closed the door on the father and son confrontation.
Reaching for Jenny's hand she gently pulled her from the porch and toward a trail leading away from the cabin. Jenny quietly cried and Ty pushed his face into Abby's neck. "Mama," he said, "I wuv oo."
Abby felt tears spring to her own eyes. "I love you, too, baby."
Jenny pulled them toward a smaller path and Abby followed her to a giant tree. Before they even arrived, she saw the gravestone. Jenny stopped in front of the grave and let out a sob.
Abby went down on her knees to hold both children. "It's okay, honey. Just let it all out. It's good to cry."
Jenny fell to her own knees and laid her forehead on the ground, crying her heart out.
Abby sobbed with her. She wept for the woman this family still grieved for and, with purity of heart, wished that she were still alive.
Wally, ever present, sat quietly watching.
After a long time, Jenny pushed up and went to place her small hands on the stone, "Goodbye Mama," she said softly. Ty wrestled away from Abby and copied his sister. Placing his chubby fingers on the stone, he, too, said, "Bye Mama." Then he turned and held his hands out to Abby. "My Mama." Abby reached to lift him and caught sight of Brant standing on the trail watching. She wondered how long he'd been there. His faced looked emotionless when he captured her gaze, but then he looked toward the grave and longing so deep filled his expression that Abby whimpered. He abruptly turned and walked away.
After a few more minutes by the graveside, Abby gathered Jenny and Ty and walked back toward the house with Wally leading the way. When they came within sight of it, Brant rode up on his horse and said curtly, "Luke and I are riding out to check the herd. We'll be back late. Just leave supper on the stove." He didn't even wait for her response before flicking his horse's reins and galloping away. Luke sat on his horse in the distance.
Chapter 10:  Awakenings

After tucking Jenny and Ty into bed and telling them a story, Abby retrieved the book she'd pulled out earlier. Slipping it in her pocket, she picked up a lantern and climbed the ladder so she could place the book where Luke would see it. Moving a small framed picture on his nightstand, she laid Treasure Island down. She glanced at the photo and gasped. It was a family photo. Brant and Molly stood behind Luke and Jenny and everyone looked so happyas if they were trying not to laugh so a picture could be taken. Jenny looked to be about six years old. Abby studied Molly's face. She had a sweetness that jumped out even from a photo. Looking closer she saw that Brant and Molly were holding hands. Blinking rapidly against tears, she set the photo back and hastily climbed down from the loft.
The next morning the routine that had been established before the wedding, resumed. Jenny retrieved eggs and Abby now stayed at the cabin to fire up the stove and wait for Ty to wake up.
When Brant and Luke returned for breakfast after doing morning chores, she couldn't bring herself to look either of them in the eyes. She heard Brant clear his throat and then Luke said, "Miz Abby, I apologize for my behavior yesterday." Her heart pounded and she chanced a glance at him. Was he having a change of heart toward her? Sadly, his eyes revealed he was only speaking the words because his father was making him. She nodded and looked back at her plate. "Apology accepted, Luke."
Over the next two weeks, nothing much changed and Luke didn't acknowledge the book she'd set on his nightstand. She never saw him reading it either. Sadness filled her heart.
One day, Brant said during breakfast, "Miz Abby, I think it's time you learned to ride a horse and shoot a gun. Being on a ranch, those skills are an absolute necessity."
Abby gulped, "Okay. If you think so."
After lunch, when the weather had warmed, Brant gave Abby her first riding lesson. "Now, honey, this is Daisy, a gentle mare that I'm giving to you. I've had her about five years and she's never given me any headache."
Abby glanced at the horse that wasn't as big as Brant's, but still looked intimidating to her.
He continued, "Just pet her nose and pat her neck. Talk to her so she gets to know your voice. Hold your palm open and feed her a little hay."
Abby did as he said and smiled at Daisy's response. "I think she likes me."
Brant grinned. "I told her I was giving her to someone as sweet as she is."
Abby blushed and turned her head so Brant couldn't see her reaction to his words.
After an overview of horses and their peculiarities, Brant proceeded to show her how to saddle a horse. "We'll repeat this every day until you get the hang of it. Now, I'm going to lift you onto Daisy and then mount the horse behind you. You'll need to hitch your dress between your legs because we don't ride sidesaddle out here. It's too dangerous.
"We'll just circle the corral today. Tomorrow you can ride her alone while I lead her. In a few days we'll ride out together and I'll show you my lander, our land."
Abby struggled with her dress until Brant showed her how it was done by country women, and then lifted her onto the horse. Even though she tried to refrain from making a sound, a tiny yelp escaped.
"Now there's no reason to be scared. An animal can sense your fear and it makes them skittish. After a few rides you'll be just fine."
Brant's calming tone and patience helped her and she felt herself relax a little. That is, until he mounted the horse behind her. Now, it wasn't the horse frightening her, it was her own reaction to her husband being so close. When he placed his arms around her and gathered the reins, she wanted to twist in the saddle and forget the horse. She wanted to kiss him and wrap her arms around his broad shoulders. She wanted to remove his hat and run her fingers through his jet black hair. She wanted to.... She stiffened at the visions running through her mind.
"Now, honey, you need to try and relax," he said against her ear.
Abby's heart was beating so fast she thought she might faint.
Brant made a clicking noise and flicked the reins. Daisy clopped forward, but Abby was so lost in a sea of sensation with Brant's arms around her that she paid little attention to the horse. Soon she was relaxing and closing her eyes amidst visions of the two of them kissing and doing wonderful things.
Languidly, she felt his lips touch her ear and move lower. When his tongue licked the curve of her neck, she melted into him.
A sound distracted her and she jerked her eyes open. Jenny stood holding Ty at the corral gate, a smile lighting her face. "Miz Abby looks real good on Daisy."
Brant dismounted and helped her down. "That she does." His azure gaze captured her chocolate one. "We'll continue this lesson later."
Over the next week, Abby learned to ride on her own and shoot a rifle and pistol. Although leery of the weapons, she realized the truth in Brant's words about needing to know how to ride and shoot. His praise gave her courage.
"You're a damn good shot, Abby!"
As promised, he took her on a tour of his ranch and the beauty of it thrilled her. "I can see why you love the land so."
They had halted their horses on a rise and she could see their home below with smoke pouring from the chimney creating a picture perfect scene. Abby wanted to pinch herself when she realized that she was living in that lovely home, married to this handsome and kindly man, and mothering three children. Other than the fact that he didn't love her like a husband should love his wife, her dream had come true.
"What are you thinking, Abby," Brant asked softly.
Turning in her saddle, she unabashedly smiled. "I was thinking that dreams really do come true."
* * *
Brant couldn't take his eyes off Abby's beautiful smile and had an inclination to jump off his horse, lift her down from hers, topple her to the ground, kiss her senseless, raise her skirt, and then find solace in her body. He sighed and glanced across the small valley to the oak tree where Molly was buried.
* * *
The weather turned freezing and Abby started school lessons with Jenny and Ty. Luke spent a lot of time outdoors with his father.
Every night, Jenny happily described her school work to her father. Since the incident at her mother's grave, she had seemed happier and lightheartedas if a weight had been lifted from her shoulders. Luke remained moody, as did Brant. Most nights, Abby went to bed after tucking Jenny and Ty in because the morose atmosphere surrounding father and son was more than she could handle.
One night, very late, she heard a soft knock and Brant entered her room. He quietly closed the door. Still half asleep, she sat up and said groggily, "Brant?"
He walked to her bedside and sat down, which jerked her awake. "Is everything okay with the children?" she asked, alarmed.
"Everything's fine." He reached to push her long hair away from her face and his touch sent goose bumps down her spine. "Abby, it's time. I want you to come to my room."
Her comprehension was immediate and she couldn't make herself speak. Unexpectedly, he pulled her covers back, letting in the cold air, and lifted her into his arms. Her eyes went wide and her hair streamed over his forearms, hanging long and wavy. Quietly, he carried her from her room and into his.
* * *
Brant had been fighting his body's raging desires since his marriage and if he didn't give in soon, he'd never get any sleep. As it was, he was falling asleep on his horse while working each day. Tonight, he'd been staring at the ceiling for hours, imagining Abby in his bed. He was married to her, for god's sake. He had every right to sleep with her.
Lowering her to his bed, he pulled the covers up over her. Her wide-eyed stare made him smile. The thought of introducing her to the pleasures of the body aroused his body even more, if that were possible. Lightly, he kissed her lips and reached to turn off his lamp. He remembered Molly had wanted it off at first to hide her embarrassment. Women were strange creatures. They had beautiful bodies and yet wanted to hide in the dark. He would have loved keeping the light on.
In the dark he removed his long johns and crawled into bed beside her. He could hear her rapid breathing. He turned onto his side and lifted a hand to graze his knuckles down her cheek. Her breathing came faster. "Don't be afraid, Abby. I won't hurt you."
"I know you won't," she whispered back. Her blind trust twisted something in his heart and endeared her to him.
He smoothed his hand down her hair. "You have beautiful hair."
"Thank you. So do you," she said sweetly, and seemed to relax a little.
He moved his fingers back to her cheek and gently stroked. "I love your skin, so soft and creamy." Her breathing quickened and so did his. "I know these past weeks have been strained while everyone adjusts." He lowered his fingers to her neck and then her shoulder. Rising above her, he said, "I'm going to kiss you."
Her breathing had turned into little pants that were driving him crazy. Slowly, he lowered his mouth to hers, grazing her lips. She softly panted into his mouth, and it took all of his willpower not to touch her lips with his tongue. He wanted to invade her mouth with hot kisses, but he knew that would only frighten her. He moved his lips to the corner of her mouth, and then up her cheek to her eyes, her forehead, and then kissed the tip of her nose before moving back to her mouth. She arched into him and he smiled. He traced her shoulder and arm, before entwining his fingers with hers. She held tightly to his hand. He touched his tongue to her lips. Instead of flinching, like he had expected, she parted her lips. Slipping his tongue inside, he explored and increased the pressure. She squeezed his hand and caressed his chest with her other hand before encircling his neck. Her response encouraged him and he freed his hand from hers, cupping her breast. She moaned and lifted into his hand, running her fingers through his hair. Unable to stop himself, he slanted his mouth over hers, kissing her with passion that kept welling up in his heart. She reciprocated his fervor, never flinching from him.
The foreplay was so enjoyable, that he continued it for a long time, cautiously moving his mouth to other parts of her bodyneck, shoulders, ears, and finally her breasts. She whimpered and held his head to her. He fondled her through her clothing, and of her own volition, she reached to untie the ribbons of her gown. The fabric parted and he groaned in ecstasy when his mouth encountered her flesh. He lifted his head and spoke against her mouth, "I want you. Do you want me?"
"Oh, yes," she breathed, and moved her mouth to kiss his chest and lowered her hands to clutch his sides.
When his hands moved to the secret places of her body and she reacted with unabashed pleasure, he thought he might burst. After a long time, he entered her, slowly. Barely able to speak because of his passion, he said, "This will hurt."
"It's okay," she moaned, and lifted against him. The action broke through her barrier and he covered her mouth with his, moving his body slowly at first and then more rapidly when her fingers tightened until she was almost clawing his back and kissing him with unrestrained passion. Suddenly, she arched into him making little moaning sounds and he grinned, knowing he had pleased his wife. With a final thrust, he spilled his seed into her. They held tightly to each other, breathing rapidly. Rolling to the side, Brant stayed inside her and stroked her lovely hair, pulling her head to his chest. "Thank you, Abby," he said, and closed his eyes, finally able to sleep.
* * *
Abby turned to set more biscuits on the table and couldn't help sneaking peeks at Brant. Her night of passion in his arms had been the most magnificent happening of her entire life. She felt alive and caught herself smiling.
"Whatcha smiling at, Miz Abby?" asked Jenny.
Abby felt her cheeks burn and slid her gaze to Brant's. He looked amused and crossed his arms in front of his chest. "Yes, Miz Abby, tell us why you're smiling."
Abby almost dropped the biscuits on the floor she felt so flustered. Brant's lips quirked as he waited for her response. His eyes twinkled when he said, "Is it because you know we're goin' to town to buy supplies and you've been eyeing some pretty fabric to make dresses for you and Jenny?"
Jenny squealed. "Oh, Pa, that's wonderful! Can we get some cloth for Ty and Luke, too? So they can have new shirts."
"I think we should ask Miz Abby about that."
"I'd love to sew clothing for all of you." She smiled shyly at Brant. "Even you."
"Then it's settled. New clothes for everyone."
"I don't need a new shirt," Luke broke the comradery.
Brant narrowed his eyes at his son and then glanced at Abby. She begged him with her eyes and a slight shake of her head not to chastise him.
Rising from the table, he said, "Have it your way, son. Best finish your breakfast. We've got a full day ahead of us." He looked at Abby. "Can I see you outside for a minute?"
"Of course." She grabbed her cape and followed him onto the porch and around to the side of the house. Was he unhappy about her interference with Luke? Just when she rounded the corner, he pulled her into his embrace, planting a long kiss on her lips. Lifting his head slightly, he asked, "So tell me why you're really smiling, Miz Abby."
Happiness bubbled inside her and she placed her arms around his neck. "I think you know."
"No, tell me."
"It's because you're buying fabric so everyone can have new clothes."
Brant chuckled and placed his lips against her ear and whispered, "And I thought it might have something to do with my kisses."
"Well, maybe a little of that, too."
Walking her backwards, he pressed her against the cabin and gently lifted her chin before covering her mouth with fervent kisses. She moaned and clutched the fabric of his shirt. She loved the taste of him. They heard the front door open and jumped apart.
Brant said with a smile tilting one side of his mouth, "I'll see youtonight." Stepping around her, he followed Luke to the barn.
Abby spent the remainder of day recalling her introduction into the intimacies of marriage. Muttering to herself, she asked, "Abby, have you found your own happily-ever-after?"
Chapter 11:  Tidings of Great Joy

Despite Luke's glowering presence, the next few weeks became heaven on earth for Abby. Brant insisted that she move into his room and, although it felt strange sharing a bedroom with a man, she welcomed his presence, even longed for it. Gradually, he became more affectionate in front of the children, lightly kissing her goodbye every morning. But at nighthow she longed for her nights with himhis passion knew no bounds, and she found herself testing the limits of her own passion, doing things with a man she would never have imagined as her former selfAbigail.
Winter set in and many evenings Brant and Abby took turns reading stories to the children. On a blustery November night after they'd tucked Ty and Jenny in and Luke had climbed to the loft, she teased Brant, "In one of your letters, you said you were the son of a school teacher. Were you the teacher's pet?"
He chuckled, "Definitely, not. My mother went out of her way to make sure I never got preferential treatment. Even so, I was too mischievous to become teacher's pet."
Abby reached to pet Wally stretched out before the hearth and chanced another question. "Are your mother and father still living?"
His expression turned sad. "I never knew my father. He drowned shortly after I was born while fording a river after a heavy rain. My mother was well educated, having been born in Boston to a wealthy family. When she met my father, a cowpoke, and fell in love, her family cut ties with her. She came out west with my father and settled in East Texas. After a couple of years, I was born, and then she was alone after his death. She refused to ask for charity from her estranged family, and when a teaching position was advertised in Ft. Worth, she applied and got hired. She sold our small place and taught in Ft. Worth until I was about eleven. Then she heard about a school needing a teacher in Two Rivers. She said she was up for a challenge and we moved here."
"She never remarried?"
"No. She had a few gentleman callers, but she always told me she was a one-man woman, and no one could live up to my pa."
Abby glanced at her lap, his words hitting close to home and making her wonder if he was a one-woman man because he'd only remarried out of necessity.
He continued, "My mother died when I was twenty-one. Doc Henry said it was because she had a weak heart. We'd always lived in a small house near town provided for her because she was the teacher. After Molly and I married we lived with her while I worked cattle drives saving money to buy my own place. When my mother died, doc gave me a letter she'd written because she'd known her time was short. Seems she'd also been saving for years for me to buy a ranch. I used the money we'd both saved and put a down payment on this land." He turned quiet and reflective after that and Abby almost wished she hadn't asked about his family. Unexpectedly, he said, "What about your father and mother? You said they were older when you were born."
"Yes, they were in their forties and never expected to have a child after being married for twenty years with no children. They were both teachers." She confided, "I wanted so much to have a brother or sister. My childhood was very lonely. By the time I was a young woman, both my parents' health had begun to fail. One of the reasons I became a teacher, other than a love for children, was so I could help with family finances. My father had a small inheritance that he supported the family with after he became too ill to work, but by the time he died, it was all gone. The only thing left was the house, which I still own."
After their confidences, they sat in silence, listening to the crackle and fizz of the fire.
Whereas previously Abby had been teaching the children at the kitchen table, she now set up a schoolroom in the bedroom she'd vacated. Against Luke's protests, two hours were set aside each day for class and the children did homework in the evenings. Brant and Luke built a table long enough for Luke and Jenny to sit side by side, and the remaining wood scraps were made into a tiny table and stool for Ty.
Once, when Abby had offered to give Brant all of her savings to be used for the family, he'd adamantly refused. In fact, he'd become downright irritated. He'd said a man provided for his family and not the other way around. When she'd told him it wasn't much, he'd still refused. That night, she'd had to kiss him back into a good mood. After that, she didn't bring up the subject of money anymore.
So, when she needed a blackboard with erasers and chalk for her little schoolroom, she'd given in to a spur of the moment decision and told a white lie. She'd said she had a blackboard stored with a friend in Philadelphia and was having it shipped, when, in actuality, she'd purchased it and asked the storekeeper not to say anything because it was a surprise. Now, plagued by guilt, her heart waged a war of whether to come clean with Brant about her deception.
* * *
The swiftly approaching Christmas season had Abby wondering what gift to give each family member. Because Brant didn't want her using her money on the family, she couldn't just buy them gifts. Besides, she wanted to create something with her own hands, showing each of them how much she loved them. Shortly after her marriage she'd acknowledged to herself that she cared deeply for Brant. From the beginning she'd loved his children, but fear of losing her heart to a man who still loved his first wife had kept her from giving it freely. After their intimacies, however, she could no longer hold herself aloof. Whether he loved her or not, she loved him beyond measure.
After much consideration, she decided to knit socks and scarves for everyone. When the children were asleep, she'd sit in the rocker by the fire and work on her gifts while Brant worked on his ranch books at the table. Often, she'd see worry lines crease the sides of his mouth, but he never shared his worries with her.
Jenny began marking off the days until Christmas and made everyone, even Luke, laugh at her enthusiasm.
A week before Christmas, Brant returned from town with a large wrapped package. Standing on the porch, Abby took one look and knew it was the chalkboard. Brant didn't look happy.
"Abby, can I see you a minute?"
She tried to swallow the lump in her throat. "Of course."
He headed toward the barn and Abby handed Ty to Jenny. Luke looked curiously from Abby to his father and then walked back in the house.
When they reached the barn, Brant said softly, "Why didn't you tell me you were buying a chalkboard? I saw the sales ticket. You lied to me, Abby."
Abby berated herself for her foolishness in not telling him. "I-I knew you didn't want me using my money for the family and you need all of yours for running the ranch. I needed a chalkboard and" Her voice faltered. "I'm sorry I deceived you. It'll never happen again."
Brant sighed. "How much money did you spend? I'm going to repay you."
Abby gulped and defied him. "No, you're not."
Brant furrowed his forehead. "Yes, I am. How much do I owe you?"
His words stung and she said sharply, "I can't believe you just said that. Do you think you owe me money? Have I no participation in this family other than cooking and cleaning and satisfying your man's desires?" She turned on her heel and started to walk swiftly away.
Brant stepped in front of her. "Abby, you know that's not what I meant."
Tears stung her eyes and she blinked them back. "No, I don't know that."
Her husband removed his hat and ran his fingers through his hair. "Please don't put words in my mouth."
"Alright, I won't put words in your mouth if you won't consider that you owe me something. What I do, I do freely from my heart."
Brant settled his hat back on his head, puffed a breath, and said quietly, "Fair enough. Just promise you'll come to me if you need something else so we can talk about it." He reached and trailed his fingers down her cheek.
"I promise."
Three days before Christmas, Brant said it was time to go in search of the tree, and Jenny and Ty shouted their joy. While Abby bundled them up, she grinned happily at Brant. Although he smiled back, she recognized the familiar sadness in his eyes. With a wife's instinct, she knew he was remembering Christmases with Molly. Swallowing the lump in her throat, she pretended happiness for the sake of the children, realizing, once again, she could never live up to the character of the beautiful woman who had come before her. As usual, Luke joined them only when ordered by his father.
Traipsing over a dusting of snow, Jenny happily led the way to one of the scraggly pine trees that grew in the area. She said she'd had her eye on it since the beginning of December. Brant carried Ty on his shoulders and Luke brought up the rear of their parade. When they reached the tree, Jenny giggled. "See, it's perfect!"
Wally barked his agreement and Abby put her arm around Jenny's shoulders. "You're right. It's going to make a beautiful Christmas tree. We'll have so much fun decorating it."
"Oh, yes, Mama, I can't wait!"
Brant stopped in the midst of lifting his axe and Luke made an unintelligible sound.
Abby whooshed into the frosty air. Turning her head swiftly, she fingered tears from the corners of her eyes at hearing Jenny call her Mama.
Brant swung the axe and asked Luke to carry the tree back to the cabin. Silently, the boy tossed it over his shoulder and walked swiftly ahead of everyone. Inside their home, he laid it against the wall and then, at his father's request, went to the shed to make a stand to nail it to.
After supper, Abby helped Jenny and Ty decorate the tree with paper chains and dough ornaments they'd made. When Jenny asked her father to bring out their other ornaments, he said quietly, "Not this year."
"But Pa, they're so pretty."
"Not this year, Jenny."
After Abby tucked Ty and Jenny into bed and told them a story, she walked back to an empty room, sadly looking at the tree. The joy of the season had left with Brant's and Luke's sorrow. She wrapped herself in a blanket and walked onto the porch to sit in one of the rockers and stare at a cloudless night. Snow dustings gave the ranch an ethereal quality and she lost herself in the beauty of nature.
When Brant walked over from the barn, he said, "It's a beautiful night."
"Yes."
"Abby, I'm sorry about today. I know I should be more into Christmas, but"
"It's okay. I know you must be hurting remembering other Christmases." Her voice cracked and she muffled a little sob.
Immediately, Brant was at her side, kneeling beside her. "Please don't cry. I'll be okay in a couple of days."
She sniffed and turned her head so he couldn't see her tears. Unexpectedly, he stood and bent over her, picking her up and carrying her into the house.
She laid her head on his shoulder.
He carried her to the bedroom and gently laid her across the bed. "Let me kiss your tears away, sweetheart." Then he proceeded to do just that for hours.
The day before Christmas, Abby walked into her little schoolroom to find the book Treasure Island pushed into the bookshelf Brant had relocated from the front room. She wondered when Luke had returned it. Scanning the rest of her books, she noticed that A Journey to the Centre of the Earth was missing. Perhaps her idea of reaching Luke through books just might have a chance. 
Christmas dawned to blue skies and Jenny was up before daylight knocking on Brant and Abby's bedroom door. "Come in," he croaked sleepily.
"Pa, it's time to get up! It's Christmas! Mama, I'll start getting Ty dressed. Hurry!"
Brant laughed and Abby thrilled at the sound. True to his word, he seemed to have gotten over his melancholy mood. Abby jumped from the bed, dressed quickly, and started a fire in the stove while Brant stoked the one in the fireplace. Before long, the fragrant aroma of coffee mingled with the scent of burning logs and the piney freshness of their Christmas tree.
Abby and Jenny prepared a breakfast they'd been planning for days and happiness radiated like warmth throughout the cabin. Even Luke laughed when Ty made funny faces during their meal.
After cleaning the dishes, everyone settled around the Christmas tree; the children on the floor and Brant and Abby in rocking chairs. Wally stretched and rolled onto his back in front of the fire.
Quietness settled over the home as Brant opened the family Bible and read the Christmas story proclaiming Glad Tidings of Great Joy. Lifting Ty onto her lap, Abby brushed a tear at the beautiful words and Jenny sat on the rag rug resting her head against Abby's thigh. Luke pulled his knees to his chest and closed his eyes.
After the reading, Brant suggested they sing a few carols and his baritone voice started off each song. At the end of the last song, Abby sighed in heartfelt contentment.
"Can we open presents now?" Jenny asked excitedly.
"Yeth, presents," Ty echoed.
Brant laughed. "Jenny, why don't you pass out everyone's gifts?"
"Okay!" Reaching for the presents Abby had made, she found the name tags attached to the brown wrappings and handed them out.
"Go ahead, Jenny, open yours first," her father encouraged.
She ripped the paper open, exclaiming at the pretty pink neck scarf and matching socks, "Oh, I love this color!" Immediately she began pulling off her old socks and putting the pink ones on.
Ty opened his present and copied his sister by pulling off his own socks and saying, "Mama make socks."
Luke opened his gift and said without his normal resentment, "Thank you, Abby."
After the children opened their gifts, Brant opened his and exclaimed over his own scarf and socks. "Honey, this scarf is going to keep me warm while I chase cows, and the socks are perfect because I hate having cold feet. Thank you." He leaned over from his rocking chair to hers and kissed her cheek. So much happiness bubbled up in Abby's chest she thought she might explode like a volcano.
Next, Jenny grabbed the big bone with a bow for Wally. Giggling, she teased him before untying the bow and giving him his gift. After that she passed out the presents she and Ty had made. They had drawn pictures and fastened a ribbon at each corner to create a hanger.
Jenny pointed to her pa's picture. "See, that's you on your horse rounding up cows."
"Jenny, you're very talented." He looked at Ty. "And so are you, son." Ty grinned and climbed onto his father's lap.
Jenny walked to Abby's side. "This is you and Pa and me and Luke and Ty. I pretended we was all having our picture taken as a family. And see, I drew a baby in your arms so you can have one of your own."
The room went silent and Abby swallowed thickly. "This is a picture I shall forever cherish, Jenny. Thank you, my darling girl."
Abby lifted her eyes from the picture to glance at Brant. He was staring at the fire.
Jenny said, "And I drew Luke in one of his adventure stories. He's the prince protecting the beautiful princess and he's happy all the time." Luke cleared his throat and said softly, "Thanks, Jenny."
Suddenly, Brant said, "Luke, go to the barn and start bringing in our gifts."
Luke jumped up like he wanted to escape the room. "Sure thing, Pa."
"You got something in the barn for us!" Jenny exclaimed.
"My lips are sealed. You'll just have to wait and see. In fact, I better go help Luke." He handed Ty to Abby.
A few minutes later, the cabin door opened and Brant carried in a small vanity, followed by Luke carrying a stool. "This is for you, Jenny. A place for you to store all your girlie things. Me and Luke made it."
Jenny ran and threw her arms around her father and then hugged Luke.
Luke said, "Aw, cut it out, Jenny."
"Thank you. Thank you," she gushed.
After the vanity was placed in Jenny's bedroom, Luke returned to the barn. This time he came back with a wooden wagon for Ty. Sitting him in it, he actually chuckled and pulled him around the room. The baby laughed delightedly.
The next trip to the barn, Brant and Luke carried back a desk for Abby. It was small with one drawer, but perfect for her little classroom. After they set it in place, she also threw her arms around Brant and kissed him unabashedly. He returned her kiss with the same enthusiasm and she heard Jenny and Ty laughing. She also heard the front door close on Luke before she had a chance to thank him.
The remainder of the day became a happy blur of more carols, a lovely Christmas dinner of venison, corn mush, corn bread, boiled eggs, boiled potatoes, and steamed pudding. Christmas stories were told around the fire, and lots of laughter ensued. When the children started falling asleep during story time, Brant and Abby tucked them into bed. Luke said a quiet goodnight and climbed to his loft. For another hour, Abby and Brant sat in front of the fire drinking hot sweetened milk and enjoying occasional bouts of conversation. After that, they made sweet love.
Chapter 12:  Luke

On a cold, stormy day in late February, Abby had a sudden inspiration while teaching class. "Luke, since you read so much, have you ever thought about writing?"
"No."
"Well, I have a project for you."
Abby heard him groan, but persevered. "There's a writing contest sponsored by the Philadelphia Inquirer each year that I always asked my students to participate in. I'd like for you to enter by writing at least a ten-page adventure story. The entry deadline is May fifteenth. If you have the story ready in two weeks, that will ensure plenty of time for it to reach Philadelphia. What do you think?"
"I think I don't want to do it."
"Is there a reason why you don't want to? Or is it just because I'm asking you to?"
Luke looked away and stared out the window.
A voice from the doorway said, "He'll do it."
Both Abby and Luke jerked their heads toward Brant.
"Won't you, son." It wasn't a question.
Luke didn't respond.
"Hmm?"
"Yes, sir."
Abby gave Brant a tentative smile.
"Can I do it, too?" asked Jenny.
Abby smiled at her eagerness. "Honey, it's only for participants between the ages of fourteen and nineteen. When you turn fourteen, for sure you can enter."
Ty picked up the paper he was drawing on. "Papa, see." He jumped off his stool and ran to the doorway. Brant scooped him up and said glowing words over his scribbles.
For the next two weeks, Luke worked on the writing project during class and Abby encouraged him. Often, she would see him write something and smile, which made her happy. He also used the dictionary quite frequently. In the evenings, of his own volition, he would sit at the dining table and write.
At the end of the two weeks, he voluntarily handed the story to Abby. "Here it is."
A big smile lit her face. "May I read it?"
"Yeah, I guess. Ah, maybe you could check for misspelled words."
"Luke, I'd love to."
While the children worked on lesson assignments, Abby read Luke's story.

The Land of Forever

The dark jungle surrounded the boy and girl. The boy said, "I think we're lost."
"Sam, please don't say that. We haven't walked far from camp."
"I know. But now I don't know which way to go. I'm sorry Marybeth for getting us lost. My temper got the best of me."
"You know, Sam, you should stop fighting with Pa. He's doing his best to take care of us."
"I know. But sometimes I just can't help myself."
"What do you think we should do now?"
"Remember how Pa's always telling us to stay put if we get lost? I guess that's what we should do."
"Okay, if you think it's best."
Sam and Marybeth sat on nearby rocks and listened to birds and jungle sounds. Suddenly, the air glowed around them.
"What's happening?" asked Marybeth. "This is weird."
"I don't know."
Marybeth shrieked when a bright light shot through the trees and hovered in front of her. Sam placed his body in front of hers to protect her. The light circled them. They turned and ran, but the light moved in front of them. When they turned another direction, the light darted there, too.
Panting, they stopped and clung to each other, waiting for the unknown. The light flashed brilliant and they closed their eyes against it. When they opened them again, a beautiful woman stood in front of them. She lifted her hands and said, "Come with me and I will show you the Land of Forever."

Abby turned the page and looked up, wonder and amazement lighting her face. "Luke, this is incredible!"
He glanced up from his schoolwork, shrugged, and went back to his lesson.
 She continued reading the adventure of a brother and sister in a fantasy land where loved ones lived on forever. The fact that Luke was addressing his heartache over his mother in this story gave Abby hope that he could now say goodbye and move onlike Jenny had done at the grave.
 When she finished reading, she said, "Luke, I really think you have a chance of winning the competition. We'll get this mailed off next time we're in town. You'll need to copy it in ink, and other than a few grammar corrections that I'll mark for you, it looks great. I'm so proud of you. You have a wonderful talent. Maybe you'll want to read your story to the family some evening. I know your father would love to hear it." Abby knew she was rambling, but she couldn't help herself. She so wanted to express her feelings to Luke.
All Luke said was, "Can I be excused now? Pa needs my help."
Trying to hide her hurt, Abby smiled. "Ah, yes, class is over."
That night Luke sat at the kitchen table by the light of a kerosene lamp and copied his story in ink onto the expensive paper Abby had brought with her.
Chapter 13:  Birthdays

After a winter that seemed to drag on, and Brant said was one of the harshest he'd ever been through, the approach of spring and Jenny's and Ty's birthdays brightened everyone's moods. Both children had been born at the end of April and Abby wanted to have a combined surprise birthday party. When she'd gotten the idea to have the party after church and approached Brant about it, he'd given her a look that sent warmth all the way to her toes.
"Abby, that's a wonderful idea."
"I figured we could ask Pastor Merriweather this Sunday. If he gives the okay, I can talk to Mrs. Merriweather and ask her advice for planning the surprise."
Pastor and Mrs. Merriweather were overjoyed by her suggestion and set about secretly inviting the other parishioners.
The week before the party, Abby caught Brant alone in the barn before he rode out. She wanted to discuss what they should give the children as gifts. Because of his aversion to accepting any of her money, and the fact that he had little to spare, she said hesitantly, "Jenny is so creative, I have a set of chalk crayons that I brought from Philadelphia. I'd love to give them to her."
Brant studied her face and she fidgeted. He said softly, "How about I buy the art paper to go with the crayons?"
His response thrilled her and she threw her arms around his neck. Laughing, he tripped her feet out from under her, caught her, and lowered her onto a heap of hay.
"Brant, what are you doing?" she asked breathlessly.
"Behaving like a young buck with his gal."
She giggled, and when he was distracted by one of the horses, jumped to her knees and started to crawl away. He caught her by the waist and hauled her back beneath him.
"Now, that was right ornery, Mrs. Samson," he said low and husky.
She smiled and reached to smooth her hand across his forehead. "I can be right ornery, Mr. Samson. Do you want me to show you?"
His gaze roamed her body. "Yeah, why don't you do that."
Abby lifted her mouth to his and when he closed his eyes, she rolled out from under him, laughing and jumping to her feet. He caught her and hauled her backwards into the hay again.
"Oh, you're going to pay for that." His voice sounded playful.
Abby was laughing so hard she couldn't stop even when his mouth touched hers. Soon, however, her laughing ceased and incredible feelings for her husband overwhelmed her. When their kisses and caresses turned sensual, she said, "Brant, the children could walk in on us."
Sighing, he rolled onto his back. "I know." He turned his head sideways to study her face, his lips still moist from her kisses. "We'll continue this tonight. In fact, I want you to soak in the tub after the children go to bed"
She gave him a questioning look and his responding smile promised a night of delights. The flames dancing in his eyes filled her stomach with butterflies.
"because I'm joining you," he finished.
Abby's mouth formed an "o".
Brant jumped up and held his hand out to her. When he pulled her upright and moved his mouth sensually over hers, she almost begged him to drop her into the hay again.
Cupping her bottom, he pulled her tightly against him and said with a wink, "Tonight." Retrieving his hat from where it had fallen in the hay, he turned and repeated, "Tonight, Miz Abby."
Several times throughout the day, Jenny and Ty had to repeat themselves. Abby couldn't concentrate. Her body tingled just thinking about the coming night with her husband. She placed her hands on her flaming cheeks. He's going to join me in the bathtub. For months, she'd shied from allowing him to see her naked in the light of day, and the thought of him doing so made her flash hot and then cold. Her body was anything but perfect. She wasn't tiny like Molly had been; she still had generous hips and breasts, even after losing weight. Maybe she could feign a headache and divert Brant from his intention.
Diverting Brant was not to be, however. While she told the children their bedtime story, she heard him pumping water and carrying buckets back and forth from the kitchen to the bedroom. I can't do this.
When both children fell asleep, she remained on the stool beside their bed, staring at their sweet faces.
"Abby, it's time. I've added hot water from the stove so the bath temperature is perfect," Brant said softly from the doorway.
She turned her head slightly until he saw her profile. "I'll be there in a minute."
Scolding herself for her feelings of inadequacy, when her husband had always made her feel physically desired, she inhaled a calming breath and kissed her children's cheeks.
Brant sat at the table drinking a cup of coffee when she entered the living area. With the cup to his lips, he watched her face, not saying anything.
"Brant, I really don't"
"Abby, its okay. Trust me."
Abby knew that if she insisted, he wouldn't require this of her, but something deep inside told her she needed to do this for herself, more so than for him.
Nodding, she walked into her bedroom, quickly undressed, and slipped into the soothing water. Laying her head back, she closed her eyes and relaxed. She heard the door open, but didn't open her eyes. When she heard a shuffling above her, she peeked from beneath lowered lashes to see Brant removing his shirt. He'd turned the lamp down, casting a magical glow throughout the room. The dark hair on his chest mesmerized her and she felt languid in the warm water. Naked to the waist, he knelt beside the tub and she lifted her eyelashes so she could meet his gaze. She'd piled her hair on top of her head and long strands had escaped, floating in the water and covering parts of her body. Brant reached to move one of the strands aside. The heat in his eyes set Abby aflame. He moved his gaze from her eyes down the length of her body. Playing with the strand of hair, he said low and deep, "You're beautiful, Abby."
Abby closed her eyes again, the sincerity in his words finding their way into her heart. How she loved this man. When she opened her eyes, he was removing the rest of his clothing, and she boldly watched. She'd often seen him dress and undress, but secretly. Now she didn't lower her lashes or turn her head. Seeing his glorious body, and the way he was looking at her, made her eternally thankful she hadn't shunned this encounter with her husband.
"Scoot forward, honey," he said. And when she did, he climbed in behind her, placing his hands around her middle and straddling her backside with his legs. Water sloshed on the floor and two bodies in the tub made for a tight squeeze. Abby closed her eyes and leaned her head against his shoulder. His breath felt hot on her neck when his teeth lightly teased her ear. She made a little sound and turned her head until their lips met. Gently they kissed and then he increased the pressure. She felt his body harden even more against her back. When his hands moved from her stomach to other sensitive areas, little pants of pleasure escaped her chest.
"Abby, Abby," he whispered over and over.
The rest of the night became a glorious journey of sensual pleasure. By morning, Abby knew she could never lay claim to being an innocent again. Brant had well and truly taught her how to love her man.
A kiss on her lips woke her. Brant was bending over her. "Honey, I'm headed out. I'll be back for breakfast. You should sleep in. Jenny can take care of things.
Abby stretched and languidly opened her eyes. Half asleep she asked, "Can we bathe together again?"
Brant moved his lips to her ear. "Oh, yes, baby, we're gonna bathe together again, and soon."
Abby's eyes popped open when Brant cupped her bottom. Slanting his lips over hers he kissed her thoroughly. He lifted his mouth barely. "If I don't leave soon, I'm gonna climb back in bed with you."
Abby giggled and he gave her a gentle pinch. "I'll see you later, honey."
She watched her husband leave the room and closed her eyes, drifting back to sleep.
* * *
The day of the surprise birthday party dawned cloudless and promising of warmer weather. During the ride to church, the family sang hymns, and Ty chatted nonstop. Luke had been informed about the party and Abby glanced around once to see him mouthing the words to one of the songs. Everything in Abby's world was right and beautiful and she had never been happier.
After the service, Lita Brandon carried Ty outside and Jenny's friends distracted her by pulling her away from the church. Quickly, Abby, Brant, Luke, and other parishioners set up the sanctuary for the party. Mina Priestly had made a cake and some folks even brought gifts.
When Brant secretly signaled that everything was ready, Jenny's girlfriends made an excuse to bring her back inside the building and Lita held Ty's hand leading him toward the entrance. Abby positioned herself so that she could see the expressions on the children's faces. Standing beside her, Brant bent to kiss her cheek and whisper, "Thank you, love." Abby entwined her fingers in his and wanted to shout for joy that he'd called her "love."
The surprise, wonder, and happiness that flickered over Jenny's and Ty's expressions when they entered the building to shouts of: "Surprise! Happy Birthday, Jenny and Ty!" became a living photo in Abby's mind to be revisited for the rest of her life.
Ty laughed and ran to the cake table.
For the next week, Jenny and Ty talked about little else but their birthday party. The laughter they inspired in Brant filled Abby with overwhelming joy.
* * *
Brant reined Sugar to a halt on a rise and surveyed his herd. Another month and it would be time to move the cattle to Ft. Worth to be sold at auction to one of the large cattle barons who would then move the herd to the rails in Abilene, Kansas. The harsh winter had robbed him of a good portion of his cattle. Money was also tight and he still had to hire a couple of hands to help with the drive. He blew a breath and watched Luke round up a stray. If he couldn't make his yearly mortgage payment, he'd be faced with losing his ranch, and then what would he do? Worry creased the sides of his mouth.
Pushing his hat back, he glanced at the blazing sun and a sudden thought made him smile and forget his troubles for the time being. Maybe he'd pull the tub out and soak with Abby tonight. Laughing aloud, he remembered his first impression of herprissy, virginal schoolmarm. She may have been a schoolmarm, but she had never been prissy, and she certainly wasn't virginal anymore. She lit a fire in him that burned daily. Yep, a soak with Abby was just what he needed.
The first day in June, Brant sat atop his horse and bid Abby and the younger children goodbye. His hired hands and Luke waited for his orders to leave. The tears he saw in his wife's eyes made him want to jump off his horse, gather her in his arms, and kiss her senseless. Instead, he tipped his hat, smiled, and said, "I'll see you in three weeks, Miz Abby."
Jenny said, "Bye, Pa. I'll take good care of Ma," and wrapped her arms around Abby's waist. Ty wrapped his arms around her legs. "Me, too," he told his pa with a serious look.
Brant grinned at them and then reined his horse around. "Com'on boys, let's get this herd to market."
* * *
Abby sniffed and watched Brant and the others until they were out of sight and then she hugged Ty and Jenny. "Let's skip class today and have a picnic."
Jenny's mood brightened. "That sounds like fun. Can we have it out by Ma's grave so I can talk to her?"
A lump formed in Abby's throat at the unexpected request. "Of course, Jenny, if that's what you want. Let's finish our chores and then walk over mid-morning."
Abby carried a basket with fresh bread, fried chicken, boiled potatoes, and sliced cucumbers to the small gravestone. Jenny and Ty ran ahead, playing tag. The day was already turning hot and pristine clouds floated slowly across an azure sky. Just knowing Brant would be gone for three weeks made Abby want to cry again, but she needed to stay strong for the children. Then she smiled thinking about how all their relationships had grown over the past months. Brant's forlorn looks were appearing less often and he laughed freely and kissed her frequently. As for Luke, he'd even started to cut loose with smiles and laughter. Jenny and Ty were happy and carefree. Yes, everything was right in her world. She'd even received word from her Philadelphia attorney that her home had sold for more than expected. She hadn't been inclined to tell Brant about the sale just yet, however.
I'll just put the proceeds in the bank and save for a rainy day. If the family needs money, he'll just have to get over his stubbornness.
Jenny reached the oak and spread their blanket under its strong branches. Ty walked to the gravestone and laid wilted flowers on the ground that he and Jenny had picked. Jenny moved to stand beside him. "Hi Mama," she said.
Abby sat on the blanket and watched the children. She was curious about Jenny's motive for wanting to picnic there. The children returned to the blanket to eat and talk about anything and everything. Abby leaned against the tree trunk watching a flock of blackbirds crisscross the sky. Silently, she prayed for a safe and profitable trip for Brant. She closed her eyes, feeling sleepy, but Jenny's words brought her back to alertness. The child was back at the grave.
"Mama, I just want you to know some things so you're not worried about us. Our new Ma is taking real good care of us. She sews just like you did and tells great stories. She's even teaching us until we can go back to school. But most of all, Ma, I want you to know that Pa is happy again."
Abby lifted her hand to her mouth to keep from sobbing.
Ty joined his sister at the grave. "Papa go wit cows."
Jenny reached to pull Ty against her side. "Yep, Ma, we're doin' okay. It was a good idea for Pa to find a new Ma, so you can enjoy heaven."
Jenny turned and grinned at Abby. Abby opened her arms and both children rushed into them. Kissing the tops of their heads, she said, "I love you both so much! Now I have the family I've always dreamed of."
Chapter 14:  Life's Twist

Life on a ranch was always busy and even though Abby missed Brant and Luke terribly, she had no time to sit and brood. She grinned when she thought how different her life was now. She could milk a cow, collect eggs from cranky hens, tend a vegetable garden, saddle and ride a horse, shoot a gun, and a dozen other things she'd never considered before.
Not many days before Brant was expected home, she received a visit from Mina Priestly who drove her old buckboard to the front of the cabin. Everything about Mina and her possessions reeked of old age. Nevertheless, the feisty woman pursued life with gusto.
"Whoa, horse. Howdy, Miz Abby and youngins," she called and moved to climb off the plank seat.
"Wait, Mina. Let me help you down. Jenny, hold Ty's hand."
"Yes, ma'am."
Abby rushed to the buckboard and reached to assist Mina. "It's wonderful seeing you. What brings you out this way?"
"Just checkin' on ya. Missed ya'll at church. I know yer man's drivin' cattle and you're alone. I overcooked and brought some vittles." Mina petted Wally. "And I even got somethin' fer you, old mutt." She walked to the other side of her buckboard and lifted a wooden box off the floor.
"Let me get that," said Abby.
"Thanks, honey."
Abby said, "Jenny, take Ty with you and run in and set tins and plates on the table. Also, pull that new loaf of bread from the cupboard."
"Okay, Mama."
Mina grinned at Abby. "Looks like you've settled in jus' fine. Not an easy thing fer an eastern gal. Course, with a man as fine as Brant, that's incentive enough. Lola Pitts sure tried to reel him in. Just goes to show, beauty ain't enough. It takes character. Course you got character and you're pretty to boot. In fact, you get prettier every time I see you. Are you in the family way?" Mina held the door open so Abby could enter with the wooden box.
"Um, no, I don't think so."
Mina patted her hand, "Well, it won't be long. Not with a stud like Brant fer a husband."
Abby coughed. "Uh, please have a seat, Mina. Would you like coffee or tea?"
"Coffee. Black and strong. Makes you live a long time. That's what me ma always said and she lived into her nineties."
Abby grabbed a potholder and poured coffee for her guest.
Mina glanced around the cabin. "Yep, looks like yer new family agrees with you, dear. You sure got this place lookin' spiffy. Nice curtains. Ain't that the fabric from one of yer fancy dresses I seen you wear to church?"
"Yes, it is. It looks better as curtains, don't you think?"
"Yep, looks right nice."
For the next hour, Mina talked and Abby listened and laughed with the old woman. She told wonderful stories about her childhood and adventures settling into the wild frontier with her "no account" first husband, and then meeting the one who made her heart "patter" a year after the "no account's" death.
"Four of me seven boys is still livin'. Me girl died in childbirth and I raised her son. He's got a real nice spread outside Dallas and he's always naggin' me to come live with him, but I told him I'm stayin' here 'til I die. It's where me three boys and husband is buried." The elderly woman got a faraway look and smiled like she was remembering something special. Softly, she said, "Yep, all me memories is here."
Mina glanced at Ty playing with his wagon. "Is the boy feelin' okay? I didn't want to say anything, but he don't seem as lively."
Abby had noticed the same thing, but attributed it to the long walk they'd taken that morning. Now, she rushed over and picked the toddler up. He felt warm. Alarmed, she carried him back to the table. Mina reached to feel his forehead. "He's got a fever. But not a high one. Might be nothin', but I'd keep him down fer a couple of days."
"Yes, I'll do that." Abby's heart filled with worry.
Mina said, "To make you feel better, how 'bout I swing by town on the way home and ask Doc to make a trip out here."
"Oh, thank you, Mina. I'd sure appreciate that."
The old woman's joints creaked when she stood. "I best be goin' then. Keep cool cloths on his head to bring the fever down and give him lots of ginger tea."
"I'll do that." Abby handed Ty to Jenny and then walked outside to help Mina onto her buckboard. "Thank you, Mina, for everything."
The old woman waved goodbye and flicked the reins of her horse.
Abby rushed back inside and put Ty in bed, heating water for tea and wetting cloths to cool his fever.
By evening his little body was burning hot and he became listless, often shivering. Abby prayed that the doctor would arrive soon. When she heard a horse gallop into the yard, she ran to open the door.
"Hello, Mrs. Samson. Mina Priestly said you have a sick boy."
"Thank you for coming. His fever has gotten worse and now he's coughing a lot. Please come in."
The gray headed, gray bearded, kindly doctor dismounted and entered the cabin carrying his black bag and waited for Abby to lead him to his patient. She rushed to the bedroom and stood aside so the doctor could check him out. The toddler whimpered and started to cry when Doc Henry pulled out his stethoscope.
Abby tried soothing him with words. "It's okay, sweetheart. The doctor is just going to look you over." She turned to see Jenny standing in the doorway, her eyes big and bright with fear. While the doctor distracted Ty with a little wooden horse he'd pulled from his bag, Abby walked over to Jenny and put her arm around her shoulders. "Jenny, why don't you brew some tea for me and Doc Henry?"
Jenny nodded, her face ashen, and returned to the kitchen.
Abby hovered close behind the doctor during his examination. He patted the toddler's head and motioned her to a corner of the room. Speaking low, he said, "Ty has lung congestion. It may be pneumonia. There's nothing much we can do except keep him as comfortable as possible and apply poultices. I'll return tomorrow and check on him."
Abby's lips trembled and tears sprang to her eyes.
"You'll have to stay strong, Mrs. Samson. Jenny needs you to stay strong."
Abby nodded.
Doc pulled Abby to the table and made her drink some tea with him. Patiently, he explained his treatment for the boy. After he left, Abby tucked Jenny in bed in the big bedroom and then settled into her rocking chair beside Ty, lifting him into her arms and singing softly. Wally remained vigil at the doorway.
All night his fever raged and he became limp. Abby did everything the doctor said, trying to stay strong. Exhaustion threatened to overcome her and she prayed for Brant's soon return. The next day Jenny helped soothe Ty and when he became too weak to even cry, she whispered through tears, "Just like Mama," before running from the room.
Doc Henry returned midmorning and also the next three days. Ty wasn't improving and he turned to Abby with sad eyes and started to say something when Jenny cried out, "Pa and Luke is home."
Abby jumped to her feet from kneeling beside Ty's bed and ran to meet them.
* * *
Brant jumped off his horse, so happy to be home he wanted to kiss the groundafter he kissed Abby and the children. He noticed a horse in the corral and felt uneasy. The door burst open and Jenny ran outside, clutching his waist and crying. He knew something terrible had happened.
"Hey baby girl, I wasn't gone that long." He knelt to hug her and looked up, waiting for Abby. The moment she stepped into the doorway, he knew his instinct was right.
"What's"
Doc Henry stepped behind her and Brant's heart lunged to the ground. Not seeing his baby, he waited for the inevitable words. Abby hovered in the doorway, tears glistening in her eyes.
"I'm glad you're home, Brant," said Doc. Ty's got pneumonia and"
Brant rushed past the doctor and Abby. In the bedroom doorway he paused to compose himself. Inhaling deeply, he walked to stand over Ty before dropping to his knees and caressing his baby's burning forehead. A sob caught in his throat but he held it inside. Swallowing against his fear, he said, "Ty, son, Papa's home, and I'm not leaving. I love you. You can pull through this."
Luke joined his father beside Ty's bed for a few minutes and then rushed from the cabin.
Doc Henry stayed with the family the rest of the day and Ty died at dusk.
Luke and Jenny wept openly, saying a last goodbye to their brother. Brant pulled his baby's lifeless body to his chest, repeating the words, "I love you," over and over.
* * *
Abby stood behind Brant, unable to comprehend that her beloved baby was dead. "No," she whispered. And then again, "No." Unable to stop herself, she screamed, "No!" and turned and ran from the house. Over and over she screamed, "No! No! No!" while running across the yard and into the open field. She didn't care that rocks bruised her feet through the soft soles of her shoes or that shrubs tore her arms. She just ran, screaming. Suddenly vise like arms encircled her and pulled her to the ground.
"Abby, stop before you hurt yourself," Brant yelled above her cries.
She fought him. She fought the unseen forces of death. She fought until she could fight no more. Panting and weeping she cried, barely above a whisper, "It's my fault. I failed him. I should have taken better care of him. I shouldn't have taken him for that long walk."
"No, Abby. It's not your fault. You're a wonderful mother. These things happen."
Abby refused to receive comfort from his words. It was her fault.
Brant pulled her into a fierce hug and together they wept in the fading light of a day no parent should ever have to experience. Wally sat a short distance away watching over them.
After a long time, her husband lifted her into his arms and carried her back to the house, laying her across their bed. She had no strength to move, not even when Doc and Brant removed her clothing and tended to her scrapes. Blessedly, the doctor gave her something that made her nightmare disappear as she drifted into a black void.
* * *
Brant placed a hand on Cora's arm. "Thank you for coming." He turned to the others, "Thank you Mina, Lita, Neal, Pastor, Miz Merriweather."
The women had prepared Ty's body for burial and the funeral was to be held that night. He'd said his final goodbye to his son after the ladies had dressed the baby in his little suit. He had no more tears to shed and felt as dead as his baby.
Excusing himself, he entered his bedroom, closing the door and sitting on the bed. Abby hadn't awakened since Doc Henry had given her laudanum the night before. He was so tired. Lying beside her, he pulled her into his embrace and drifted into a restless sleep. Later, when shadows slanted through the window, he opened his eyes to his waking nightmare. Glancing at Abby, he saw her staring at the ceiling. Reaching to caress her cheek, he said, "I'm here for you, honey."
She turned her head aside and didn't respond.
Brant didn't remove his hand. Instead, he continued stroking her face. "We're going to bury him tonight. You don't have to come if you're not up to it."
She jerked her head toward him, her eyes glistening. "Of course I'll come."
Slowly, like an old man, he raised himself from the bed. "I'll send Cora and Lita in to help you dress."
As a huge sun bid goodbye to a late summer day, neighbors began arriving in buckboards. At dusk, Pastor Merriweather and Neal Brandon carried the tiny casket the ten minute walk to the oak tree where Molly was buried. Halfway there, Brant relieved them. "I'll carry him the rest of the way."
Supported by women on either side of her, Abby stumbled several times. For her own good, Brant had not allowed her to see Ty in death. Gently, he'd explained that he wanted her memories to be living ones. She hadn't argued.
Brant swallowed against the lump in his throat when he saw Molly's gravestone and the hole dug beside it. Setting the casket on the ground, he inhaled several times and then walked to stand beside Abby. Taking her hands in his, he raised them to his lips and kissed them.
Pastor Merriweather began the service by speaking the usual words about how mankind, as finite beings, are unable to understand the infinite wisdom of God, and how one day all tears would be wiped away. Brant was not comforted by the words, but he was comforted by the presence of his neighbors, most of whom had experienced similar heartaches. He placed his arm around Abby and pulled her close to his side. She was as unyielding as stone.
When the casket was lowered into the grave, Wally whimpered and Abby unexpectedly turned and walked back toward the house. Mina and Lita looked at Brant for guidance and he nodded that they should go with her. Wally trailed behind.
Chapter 15:  Endless Despair

A month after Ty's death, Brant knew he couldn't forestall his sad news from Abby any longer. Their home was going to be foreclosed. After visiting the bank several times and trying to work something out by promising to make partial payment this year and the rest next year, his offer had been declined. Hell, he didn't even know if he could keep that promise anyway. Between the harsh winter and poor cattle prices, many of his neighbors were facing similar circumstances.
Sitting atop Sugar, he surveyed the land he loved; the land he'd toiled and sweated over. The land where he'd lost his beloved wife and child. He wanted to cry, but kept himself strong. It was time to move on. He had Abby and Jenny and Luke to think about.
The thought of Abby's sorrow shot an arrow through his heart. She wasn't doing well. She had become a shell of her former self, going through the motions of daily living, but grieving continuously. He couldn't seem to reach her. She'd even wanted to move back into her old bedroom, but he'd drawn the line there, refusing to allow her to leave his bed. His kisses and caresses, in an attempt to give comfort, were ignored. He didn't know what to do, and now he had to break the news that they would eventually be forced from their home.
Brant patted Sugar's neck. "Well, old girl, maybe we'll head west to California." Urging his horse forward, he set his mind to do what he must.
* * *
Abby sat in her rocker beside the cold hearth while Luke and Jenny worked on schoolwork in their small classroom. She had no energy to teach and just handed out assignments daily. In fact, she had no energy for anything. Everywhere she looked, there were reminders of Ty. A sob caught in her throat just thinking his name. Her baby was gone and she was no use to anyone anymore. Guilt raged in her heartguilt for not taking better care of Ty, guilt for not being able to care for Jenny and Luke now, guilt for not being a strong wife for Brant. Would her endless despair never leave? Ever her companion, Wally lay at her feet.
She heard the door open and didn't even turn around to greet Brant. His boot steps sounded as he walked to the classroom and spoke quietly with the children before closing the door and returning to her. 
Kneeling in front of her and taking her hands in his, he said, "Honey, how are you feeling today?"
She merely shrugged and looked past him into the hearth. She heard his sigh, but was helpless to find it within herself to comfort him.
He continued, "Abby, I have to talk to you about something. I've been putting it off until you were stronger, but now I need to tell you."
A silent sob welled up within Abby's breast. He's going to send me away because I'm of no use to anyone anymore.
"Sweetheart, I didn't get the prices I'd hoped for on the cattle so I'm not able to pay the mortgage on our land. I'm not giving up, but there's a chance our home could be foreclosed."
Abby blinked, confused. "You're not sending me away?"
Brant looked dumbfounded. "Sending you away? Why would I do that?"
Abby's lips trembled.
Brant reached his big arms around her. "Oh, Abby, of course I'm not sending you away. You're my wife."
Abby allowed him to hold her, and when he lifted and carried her to the bedroom, she didn't protest. She even returned his kisses and caresses, but decided in her heart what she must do.
Chapter 16: Toothless Charlie

Brant felt encouraged by the fact that Abby had allowed him to make love to her. She'd even awakened early the next morning and collected eggs to make a big breakfast. When he'd suggested they all go to town, she'd heartily agreed, which encouraged him even more. Maybe they could pick up the pieces of their lives and go on.
During the drive, he watched her closely, seeing her brush tears away a few times. Reaching for her hand, he said, "Honey, we can get through this." She gave him a little smile and his heart tripped. How he'd missed her smiles.
In town, he guided the buckboard to the front of Clyde Jenkins General Store and told Abby to pick out something pretty for herself. He winked at Jenny and Luke and told them to choose some candy.
"Thanks, Pa," said Luke.
Jenny hugged him. "Thank you."
Abby gave him another one of her smiles and he wanted nothing more than to pull her into his arms and kiss her until they were both senseless with desire. Redirecting his thoughts to the present, he said, "I'm taking Sugar to the blacksmith's to check her shoe."
"Okay, Pa," said Jenny.
Luke was already in the store.
Abby said, "I might walk to the dress shop. I'd like to ask Mrs. Dennison about a particular pattern I have in mind."
"Okay, honey. How about we meet back here in an hour?"
"Okay. I'll see you then."
* * *
With her heart breaking, Abby watched Brant drive the buckboard across the road to the blacksmith's. When he entered the building, she entered the mercantile, said hello to the owners, and then told Jenny and Luke she was going to the dressmaker's. Walking swiftly down the boardwalk, she reached the shop, but passed it and entered the bank two businesses down. Purposefully walking to the door marked, Bank President, she knocked and opened it without waiting for an invitation. Mr. Berry looked startled by her intrusion, but invited her to sit.
"I'm very sorry about your loss, Mrs. Samson."
Abby nodded. "I only have a couple of minutes, Mr. Berry, so I'll get right to the point. You are aware, of course, that I have deposited a sizeable sum of money in your bank from the sale of a home I owned in Philadelphia."
"Yes, ma'am."
"And you have never told my husband, per my request?"
"That's correct."
"I understand that you are foreclosing on our home."
Mr. Berry looked uncomfortable. "It's not up to me, Mrs. Samson. The board decides who will be foreclosed on and"
"Hogwash. You have influence over the board. My husband's land is prime property and the bank wants it because of that. However, that's neither here nor there because I'm going to pay off the debt in its entirety. I want you to draw up the paperwork immediately, while I wait."
"Mrs. Samson, that's highly irregular."
"I don't care how irregular it is. I want it done now and I want the deed in my hand before I leave here. If I have it in the next few minutes, there's a hundred dollar bonus for you. Of course it's a bonus only the two of us will know about."
Mr. Berry tapped his fingers on his blotter. "You know, I think I can fulfill your request, Mrs. Samson."
Within fifteen minutes, Abby had the deed to Brant's land in hand and a sizeable withdrawal of cash, of which, she handed one hundred dollars to Mr. Berry. "This transaction regarding my husband's property is strictly between us. If you open your mouth to anyone, I will accuse you of accepting a bribe. Do I make myself clear?"
The bank president coughed, "Perfectly."
"Good day, sir."
Quickly retracing her steps to the dressmaker's, Abby entered and spoke with the proprietress, asking questions about a pattern she already knew the answers to. Several minutes later, Brant entered the shop.
Surprised to see him, she thanked Mrs. Dennison for her information and excused herself.
"I got Sugar taken care of so I thought I'd spend time with you. Is there something you want to buy, Abby?"
His sweet gesture, when she knew he had little money to spare, caused her to slip her hand into his. "No, Brant. I just needed to ask some questions."
When they strolled back to the general store and passed the hotel bulletin board, she paused and acted like she was perusing the notes posted there, when, in actuality, she was checking the departure date and time for the next stagecoach headed to east Texas. In two days she intended to be on that coach.
During the ride home, Abby said, "You know, Brant, I think it would be a good idea for Jenny to spend some time with Cora's daughter, Tilly. I don't think Cora would mind taking her for a couple of days." Abby's heart pounded waiting for his reply.
"I think that's a great idea. Why don't you go, too? It would do you both good to get away."
"No, no. I'm fine."
Brant looked at her profile. "Well, I'll cut my work short on those days and come home early."
"No, Brant. You and Luke just do your normal activities. It'll give me time to get some sewing done." Abby held her breath.
"Okay, honey. I'm happy you're feeling better. We've got to go on with our lives."
Abby reached to encircle his forearm; not because she was doing better, but because she wanted to touch him as much as she could before she left.
The next day Luke escorted Jenny to the MacGregors' ranch for a two-day visit and Brant hung around the house until Abby said, "Brant, go to work. I have sewing to finish and your constant mothering is very distracting."
He chuckled, "Okay, sweetheart. I'll be back for lunch."
Abby nodded, pretending to be interested in her sewing. When he left, she leaned her head against the back of the rocker and let her tears flow. No longer could she remain in the place that reminded her of her darling Ty day in and day out. Eventually, she rose and decided on the items necessary to take with her in her valise.
That evening and night, she put on an act worthy of a New York actress. After supper she sat on the porch with Brant and watched the sunset. Then she initiated lovemaking that was not an act.
The next day he and Luke rode out after breakfast, returned for lunch, and then rode out again. As soon as they were out of sight she rushed outside and called for Wally, leading him to the shed. Going down on her knees, she hugged him fiercely. "I love you, Wally. You're the best friend anyone could have. Because of that, I know you'll follow me and then try to warn Brant that I'm leaving. I'm sorry, but I have to lock you in the shed." She sobbed, "I'm going to miss you." After that, she saddled Daisy, tied her valise to the saddle, and then rode to town.
In a daze, she stopped at the local stable and asked the boy to feed and board her horse, assuring him that someone would pick the mare up soon.
"Sure, Miz Samson." He took the reins from her. "You okay, ma'am?"
She mumbled a reply and walked swiftly away. Crossing the street to the hotel, she nodded to Charlie before entering the ornate door and buying a one-way ticket to Bingham. Next, she walked to the dressmaker's shop to kill time. Returning to the hotel at three o'clock, nervousness had her pacing the length of the porch while the stagecoach drivers readied the horses.
"You goin' somewhere, Miz Samson?" asked Charlie.
"Ah, yes, Charlie. I'm visiting friends for awhile."
"I was right sorry to hear about your loss."
Abby looked away from him. "Thank you, Charlie."
After a lengthy silence, Charlie said, "I never told nobody this, but I lost my whole family ten years back to the fevermy wife and five youngins'."
Abby turned an incredulous stare on him. "Oh, Charlie," was all she managed to say.
He gave her a toothless smile. "Yep, after they died I run fer years and almost drank meself to death. Then one day, I heard me wife talkin' in me ear. Some might say it was the drink, but I knows it were her. She said, 'Charlie, I'm right put out at what you've become. Me and the children are in a wonderful place and you're in hell. You need to respect yerself enough to finish out yer life in dignity. Now stop drinkin' and start livin'.'
"After that I settled here and started workin' fer folks doin' odd jobs and singin' at the hotel. I love the folks in this town. Well, that is, most of 'em. Some still haven't learned about human kindness, but they willeveryone gets that lesson."
The stagecoach driver hollered, "This stage is leavin' for Bingham! All Aboard!"
Abby gave Charlie a goodbye nod and climbed into the coach with the assistance of the driver. Three more travelers were loaded into the cramped space and then the driver yelled out their departure again. Abby leaned her head back and closed her eyes.
Throughout the three hour journey, she kept her head averted from the three business men traveling to California to take possession of a hotel they'd purchased as partners. When one of them had tried to engage her in conversation, she'd merely said she suffered from motion sickness and wasn't much for talking. After that, she'd listened to their political debate with closed eyes and realized she did feel queasy.
At dusk, she arrived in Bingham and accepted her valise from the driver. With her heart in her throat, she entered the hotel and asked for directions to the Willowoods' house.
The friendly clerk said, "Oh, they live just off Main Street. Him bein' an attorney, he needs to be close to the courthouse." Abby listened to his directions and his ramblings and then excused herself when she thought it wouldn't appear rude.
The streetlamps were being lit when she finally located the house. A little sob escaped as she rushed to the front door. Pulling the bell rope she held her breath and waited. An old servant opened the door.
"I-I would like to see Mrs. Willowood, please."
The man looked at her strangely. "Whom may I say is calling?"
"Abby. I mean, Abigail Vaughn. We traveled together on a stagecoach from Ft. Worth."
The servant gave her another curious look and then said, "Please come with me and wait in the drawing room."
Abby followed him, her pounding heart making her breathing irregular. What if Mrs. Willowood refused to see her? Thankfully, she didn't have to ponder her question for long because the older woman burst into the room.
"Abigail! What a delightful surprise! I'm so happy" Mrs. Willowood stopped talking when she saw Abby's face. "Dear, what's wrong?"
With a wrenching sob, Abby cried, "My baby died."
Chapter 17:  Sorrow Expressed

Brant and Luke cantered their horses toward the barn in the late afternoon. Although encouraged by Abby's rally, something wasn't sitting right with him. She smiled and carried on conversation, but her eyes didn't join in. She was there, but she wasn't there.
Tonight we're going to sit down and have a long talk and I'm going to make her realize how much I love and adore her. He blew air out his cheeks. We need a baby and I'm going to do my damndest to give us one.
When they entered the barn, Luke said, "Where's Daisy?"
Fear clutched Brant's chest and he spurred Sugar to the front of the cabin, dismounted and rushed inside.
Immediately, he saw two envelopes on the table. With shaking hands he ripped open the closest one.

My Dearest Brant,
When you read this letter you will know me for the coward that I am. I have tried to go on after Ty's death, but my heart will not cooperate. Everyday, my feelings of sadness intensify until I find myself unable to do even the simplest of tasks. I am no good to you or the children. I can see in your eyes how concerned all of you are and how you have put your lives on hold for me. I cannot bear the guilt of that. In my mind, I know that one must carry on after the death of a loved one, but my heart and emotions will not cooperate.
Although I ask you not to worry about me, I know you will because you are kind and compassionate, as are Jenny and Luke. I do not see any other course of action for me now, but to leave. I will contact you in the near future to let you know I am safe and working through my grief.
Before I end this letter, I want you to know I loved you from the moment I read your first letter. Even before we met, your kindness jumped out from the written page, and the moment I saw you standing across the street the day of my arrival, my heart was lost to you..
I want to thank you for the happiness you and Jenny and Luke have given me. Jenny has been the sweetest daughter a mother could ever hope for and Luke, although difficult at times because of his sorrow, which I now understand, has your same kindness of heart.
Before I say goodbye, I have gifts for all of you. They are in the other envelope. I know you will not be happy with my gifts at first, but I do this as much for myself as for you; probably more so for myself. Please, please accept my gifts.
Finally, my love, it is time to say goodbye. Do not search for me. I will be in touch soon. I simply cannot fathom another day of endless grief because wherever I look there are continual remembrances of my beloved Ty.
Abby

P.S. Wally is in the shed.

Brant blinked against blinding tears. Reaching for the other envelope, he ripped it open and removed the deed to his property and a stack of money. A small note was attached.

Please accept these gifts from my heart. I sold my home in Philadelphia and received a substantial profit. I am not sorry I sold the house because there were no happy memories to bind me to it. Please allow me this one joy in my dismal existence.
Abby

Brant turned to see Luke waiting in the doorway. Speaking to himself, he said, "The hell I won't go in search of you, Abby."
Without delay, he and Luke mounted their horses and headed to town. Luke said, "Pa, do you think she went back to Philadelphia?"
"No, I don't think so. We'll just have to ask around town to see if anyone saw her."
"You don't think she'd just take off on Daisy, do you? You know, ride the trails."
"God, I hope not." Fear in Brant's stomach twisted into a tighter knot.
"Pa?"
The catch in Luke's voice made Brant slow his horse and turn to look at his son.
"Yes, son."
The boy's voice cracked, "I'm so sorry for the way I treated Abby. She's a good ma." He choked back a sob.
"Luke, Abby knew you were hurting and understood. I did too, even though sometimes I was harder on you than I should have been. We've all been through more than anyone should have to endure, but our experiences, as sad as they are, have created a bond between us that will never be broken." His own voice cracked. "And I should have told Abby long ago how much I loved and needed her."
Luke tried to comfort his father. "We'll find her, Pa."
In town, Brant reined his horse in at the front of the hotel. The first person he wanted to talk with was Charlie. The man spent a lot of time outside and maybe he'd seen something. The sound of Charlie's singing carried through the windows of the hotel and Brant stepped into the parlor ignoring hotel guests and walking up to the piano.
Charlie cut the ballad short. Brant said, "Hello Charlie. Can I speak with you a minute?"
"She left on the stagecoach this afternoon headed toward Binghamsaid she was visitin' friends. Her horse is at the stable."
Brant nodded. "Thanks, Charlie."
Charlie scratched his chin. "It's almost dark. Why don't ya'll stay with me? My room's small but you jus' need to bed down 'til mornin'. As much as you want to find her, ridin' out at night's not smart. If yer horse goes lame, you'll jus' be that much further behind. If Luke's not goin' with you, he can stay with me 'til you return or he can ride back to yer place tomorrow."
"Sounds good. Send him to Mick MacGregor's in the morning. That's where his sister is."
"Sure thing." Charlie closed the piano cover. "She's a keeper, Brant. Jus' needs some help through this rough patch."
Brant tried to swallow the lump in his throat and nodded because he couldn't speak.
At first light, he was on the road. All night he'd tried to remember the name of the couple who had been Abby's stagecoach companions from Ft. Worth.
Chapter 18:  Revelations

Although Brant wanted to gallop Sugar the distance to Bingham, and his horse would do it for him, she was too old for that kind of exertion.
The long ride, however, gave him plenty of time to think about his life, his children, and his beloved Abby. He should have told her long ago how much he loved and adored her. However, feelings of betraying his first wife had held him back. Only now, did he realize how misguided those feelings were. He'd loved Molly fiercely, just as he loved Abby fiercely. Molly was dead and Abby lived. And he could choose to become one of the walking dead that he encountered so often, or he could choose to live and love again. Abby made him want to live. Could he make her understand that she also had a choice to go on or become one of the walking dead herself?
He entered the outskirts of Bingham just as shops were opening to pedestrians filling the streets. Finding the local stable, he watered and rested Sugar and asked the stable boy, "You wouldn't know of an elderly couple named Winnows or Whipplesomething or other? Would you?"
The skinny towhead said, "You mean Willowood?"
"Yes! That's it!"
"Sure. Everyone knows them. Are you in trouble and need a lawyer?"
"Ah, no. But I have important business to discuss with them. Could you direct me to their home?"
The boy appraised him for a few seconds. "They live off Main Street, a block over from the courthouse on First Street. It's a big green house with yellow trim. They're good people. Mr. Willowood helped my pa out once."
"Thanks, son." Brant flipped the boy a coin and he grinned.
After caring for Sugar and then splashing water from the pump to clean up, Brant combed his hair back and trotted his horse in the direction the boy pointed. The house was easy to locate and he tied Sugar's reins to the hitching post. Blowing a breath, he practiced what he wanted to say while following the flagstones to the front porch. Before he reached the door, it was thrown open by the plump woman he remembered from the stagecoach.
"Oh, please come in," she gushed. "Abigail is here. She's such a sweetheart, I had a feeling you'd be coming after her." A male servant hovered nearby and Mrs. Willowood dismissed him kindly.
Brant followed the woman indoors breathing a sigh of relief while Mrs. Willowood continued her running conversation without taking a breath.
"The poor dear showed up exhausted last night and shared everything that's happened. I tried to comfort her because I lost a child myself and a couple of grandchildren. I explained that it takes time and family to heal, but she's so distraught I fear she cried all night. She hasn't come out of her room"
Brant interrupted, "Will you please take me to her now?"
"Yes, of course. I think you're just what she needs. She told me many times of her love for you."
Brant's heart twisted. "That love is mutual, ma'am."
"I can certainly see that. Come with me."
Mrs. Willowood finally stopped talking while leading him up a winding staircase. At the end of the second story hallway, she placed her hands on her pink cheeks, inhaled a deep breath, and then knocked on a door.
A soft voice said, "Yes?"
"Abigail, its Ann Willowood. May I come in?"
"Yes. Of course," Abby responded weakly.
Mrs. Willowood opened the door. "Dear heart, you have a visitor."
Brant stepped inside the room with his hat in hand. Abby lay back on pillows in a bed that swallowed her up. Her eyes widened and big tears pooled when she saw him.
Mrs. Willowood said, "I'll leave you two alone," and closed the door.
Brant watched Abby brush jerkily at her tears.
Placing his hat on a nearby dresser, he slowly approached until he stood at the foot of the bed. Abby kept swiping at tears. Walking to the side of the bed, he sat on it and drank in her lovely face. "Honey, I've got to say some things I should have said long ago." He reached for her small hand and pulled it against his heart. "Do you feel how fast my heart is beating?"
She didn't respond and didn't look at him.
"It only beats like that for you. After Molly died, I didn't think I could love that way again. But I was wrong. I love you, Abby. I should have told you sooner, but I was still coming to terms with my loss. During the cattle drive, I realized how precious you are to me, and I was going to show you in a special way by taking you on a picnic and revealing my heart. But"
Abby sobbed.
Softly, he said, "Sweetheart, we can get through this together." He paused because his heart was bursting with sadness and love. Unable to hold his emotions inside he swallowed and said through tears. "Abby, forgive me for not being more sensitive to you. I should have taken you away from the house and not expected you to resume daily living until you were stronger." He brought her hand to his lips. "I'm so sorry."
* * *
Abby looked at Brant kissing her hand and something inside her suddenly comprehended his words. No longer was she the mail order bride married for the purpose of raising children, she was the beloved wife and mother of a family who needed her. And right now her husband needed her. Together they could restore each other. Lifting to her knees, she wrapped her arms around him and whispered comforting words. Moving her mouth to his, she gently kissed him and he laid her across the bed, returning her kisses. Comforting words, watered by tears, sprouted the seeds of recovery for both of them. Finally, with bodies entwined, Abby slept her first peaceful sleep in weeks. When she awoke, shadows slanted across the room and she felt Brant stir beside her. She raised her head to gaze into his eyes. Slowly, he smiled and she smiled back.
"Are you hungry?" he asked.
"Starving."
"That's just what I wanted to hear. You need to gain your weight back."
Nuzzling her lips against his throat, she wanted to stay like this for hours longer, but her stomach growled loudly.
Brant sat on the side of the bed. "Abby, I don't want you coming home just yet. I want you to stay here for awhile. You need this time away."
"But Brant, the children"
He turned and placed his finger over her lips.
"I'll visit every weekend until it's time for you to come home. Believe me, I want you home, but not at the sacrifice of your physical and emotional wellbeing. Luke and Jenny will understand. "
Because she knew he was right, she didn't argue.
The next day, Abby kissed Brant goodbye while Mr. and Mrs. Willowood stood beside her offering comfort.
True to his word, he arrived every Saturday morning and she ran to meet him, disregarding the rules of decorum and throwing herself into his arms. Whenever she expressed guilt at not being home to care for Jenny and Luke, he kissed her concerns away.
During his visits, Brant was able to discuss with Mr. Willowood the plight of his neighbors losing their homes in foreclosure. The good man became enraged by practices he said were unethical and, to the delight of those affected, began filing complaints against the bank and responding to the foreclosure notices.
Often, Brant and Abby would sit on the porch swing and mull over the changing times. "You know, Abby, I think I need to try raising some of the new breeds of cattle. The market for Longhorns isn't what it used to be." He entwined his fingers with hers and said matter-of-factly, "Change is difficult, but inescapable."
On the Saturday of Brant's third visit, Abby knew she was ready to resume her life. While they lay in bed that night, she said, "I'm ready to go home."
He tightened his arms around her. "Honey, I'll bring the buckboard next week if you're sure. However, I can wait as long as needed."
"I'm sure. But there's something we haven't discussed."
He kissed her forehead. "What's that?"
"Money."
Brant chuckleda response she hadn't expected.
She rose on her elbow and looked questioningly at him.
He twirled a lock of her hair around his finger. "Quite frankly, that was the least of my concerns when you left. But you're right; we do need to discuss it. Honestly, it bothers me that I wasn't able to provide for my family from the sale of my cattle. But in my frustration, I neglected to realize something that you pointed out in your letter."
Abby held her breath and waited.
"Like you said, you needed to do what you did. You're a giving person, and when you're denied that opportunity, you're not fulfilled. In my pride, I refused to see that. When I finally did, a light went on. I'm not saying I'm happy that my wife paid off our mortgage when I couldn't, but I'm coming to terms with it because it's about so much more than money."
His understanding words lifted the final veil in Abby's heart and she crushed her mouth over his, kissing him repeatedly.
He murmured his delight and rolled her onto her back. "I don't want to talk about money anymore. I just want to kiss you, love."
Chapter 19:  Homecoming

Happiness and nervousness mingled in Abby's heart when Brant pulled the buckboard into Two Rivers. He said, "Abby, I'm going to stop by the church. If Mick and Cora are still there we can pick Luke and Jenny up." He squeezed her knee. "Are you nervous?"
She placed her hand over his. "Yes. I'm excited to be home and nervous at the same time."
A few minutes later, he reined the horses to the front of the church. "Looks like everyone's still here. Wait while I peek inside to see if the service is over."
Abby nodded and clasped her hands tightly in her lap. She watched Brant crack the door and then slip inside. Almost immediately he returned to lift her off the buckboard.
"Service is over. Let's say hello."
Abby placed her hand on his arm and tugged him to a stop. "What if the children think I'm a coward for leaving?"
Brant brushed a wayward strand of her hair back. "Not gonna happen. They've been excited ever since they learned about your homecoming." He reached for her hand, tucked it in the crook of his arm, and started forward again.
Pausing in the doorway, he smiled down at her before opening the door and stepping aside for her to enter. Abby held her breath and walked into the sanctuary.
Unexpectedly, voices shouted, "Welcome home, Abby!"
Abby placed her hand over her heart when she saw the hand painted sign hanging above the pulpit.

ABBY, WELCOME HOME! WE MISSED YOU!

Brant laughed and led her down the aisle. Tears sprang to her eyes as neighbor after neighbor approached and welcomed her backMina Priestly, Mick and Cora McGregor, Neal and Lita Brandon, Vera Simpson, Kathryn Nantucket, Sadie Thomas, Clyde Jenkins, Jed the blacksmith, Mr. and Mrs. Snodgrass, and many more. Even Lola Pitts and her parents were there.
Pastor Merriweather announced, "This is a celebration and one thing we know how to do in Two Rivers is celebrate. Where are you Charlie? We need a song!"
Toothless Charlie stepped from the sidelines and, instead of speaking to Abby, pulled her into a bear hug. She laid her head against his shoulder unable to prevent tears for both their losses, but also tears of thanksgiving that his kind words had paved the way for her recovery. He released her, swiped his own eyes, and walked to the piano where Mrs. Merriweather had settled on the bench. He nodded and she began playing a happy tune that he sang in perfect pitch.
Abby glanced around for Jenny and Luke. Brant grinned and enfolded her hand in his. "Come with me, sweetheart." He pulled her through the parishioners and toward the back door of the church. Everyone seemed to understand his intent and didn't interrupt their progress.
Stepping outside, he pointed to the big oak with the tree swing. "They've been waiting for you."
Jenny sat on the swing and Luke pushed her. A sob caught in Abby's throat as she ran forward.
Jenny pushed her heels into the ground to stop the swing's motion and jumped off so she could run to throw her arms around Abby. "Mama!" she cried. "I love you. I'm so happy youre home!"
Abby held her little girl tightly. "My precious daughter, I'm so sorry I left the way I did."
"Oh Mama, it's okay because you're better!"
Abby kissed the top of Jenny's head and looked toward Luke still standing behind the swing. "Jenny, I need to talk to Luke."
Jenny nodded her understanding and stepped beside her pa. He placed his arm around her shoulders and encouraged Abby with his eyes.
Stepping purposefully forward, Abby approached Luke. He held her gaze for a second and then fidgeted, looking at the ground. When she stood in front of him, she could see tears glistening as he rapidly blinked. Silently, she placed her arms around him and he melted against her, sobbing, "I'm so sorry for the way I treated you."
"Oh, Luke, and I'm sorry for leaving you when you needed me. Can we forgive each other and become a family?"
"Yes, Ma," he choked, and clung to her.
Abby felt other arms encircling her when Brant and Jenny joined them. Together the family wept and hugged and encouraged one another.
After a long time, Brant said, "Luke, tell Abby your news."
Abby looked at her son's face, no longer sullen and unreadable. With a big smile, he said, "I won the Philadelphia Inquirer's writing contest!"
Epilogue

1888

On a lovely summer day, Brant said, "Is everyone ready?"
"Yes, Pa," Luke said, and waved the paper in his hand.
"I am, too." Jenny held up the picture she'd drawn.
Wally barked.
"Let's go," said Abby.
Brant lifted their six week old son from her arms. "Okay. Let's do it."
Together the family left the cabin and followed the short trail to the sturdy oak where Molly and Ty rested in eternal peace. Jenny picked wild flowers during the stroll and when they arrived, laid a bouquet beside each stone.
Brant nodded at Luke and he lifted his first-place certificate. "Ma and Ty, last year I won a writing contest and now the newspaper wants me to write some serialized stories for them. If it weren't for Abby, I wouldn't have this opportunity. She's a real good ma." Luke looked at his sister. "Your turn."
Jenny laid her drawing on the space between the graves. "Ma and Ty, I've been drawing a lot and Pa and Mama Abby think I'm pretty good. I drew a picture of all of us here today. I don't feel as sad as I did before because we're all happy and you and Ty are watching from heaven." She glanced at her pa and nodded that it was his turn.
Brant stretched his arms out with the baby. "Me and Abby have a son." His voice broke, "I loved you both so much. After your deaths, Abby made me want to live again. This life doesn't always go the way we planned, but the one thing that never changes is love. It's eternal. Molly and Ty, you are forever with us." He hugged the baby back against his heart and looked at Abby.
Abby stepped forward. "Ty, I think of you everyday with a heart full of love. For the rest of my days I will find joy in memories of our short time together and when I leave this life, I will hold you again. Molly, I love Brant and promise to do everything in my power to fulfill my wedding vows. Although we've never met, I know you through the character you instilled in your children and the love you inspired in Brant. Thank you."
Brant pulled Abby close to his side and Jenny and Luke stood on either side of them. Jenny bent to pick up her drawing. Suddenly, two butterflies flitted above the graves before one landed on Molly's stone and the other on Ty's. Jenny pointed to her picture and said excitedly, "There they are."
Abby, Brant, and Luke gazed at the drawing. On each headstone a butterfly rested. After their initial shock, the hillside echoed with laughter.
Author's Note

When I started this story, I had no intention of it becoming a series (I think I said the same thing about the last two series). However, toward the end of writing Abby and Brant's romance, Luke began sharing how he met and fell in love with Angel. I wasn't ready to let the characters go, so I gave in to Luke's beseeching that I listen to him. When he told me that he became a Mail Order Groom, I was hooked. The fact that a woman would advertise for a husband was just too audacious!
He even gave me the title for his book, Broken Angel. He also suggested the name of the series, Unconventional.
In writing Luke and Angel's romance, I was able to revisit the characters from Abby: Mail Order Bride.
On another note, I have included an excerpt from book one in a new series titled Oasis. This first book, Stranded in Oasis is the romance between Maximilian Rutherford III and Pilar Armstrong. "Ruthless Rutherford," as Pilar has coined his name, finds himself living in the middle of nowherea desert town called Oasis in Arizona. His grandfather, Maximilian I, has decided he wants to know the tenacity of his heirs and orders Max to become park manager of Desert Princess Trailer and RV Park. Max, Jr. can't fathom his grandfather's order when he is called away from his current job as interim CEO of Rutherford Acquisitions' latest purchase, a computer chip development company in San Diego. As for Pilar, she loves her small community and the trailer park she calls home. When the new park manager shows up and begins making changes that affect her neighbors, she's left with no choice but to confront Ruthless Rutherfordand the fun begins!
I also couldn't resist including an excerpt from the first book in the Finding Home Series. In Cry of the West, recently widowed Hallie Wells is facing a difficult situation. The sudden demise of her husband after selling their farm and just about everything they owned to travel west on the Oregon Trail, has left her stranded with an eight year old son. Dare she ask Cooper Jerome, recently returned from the War of the States, if he would put his life on hold for, say, five months to drive her wagon; and that doesn't include his return trip. At this point, she's out of options.
Finally, I'm excited to announce that I now have three books released as audio books. Available at Amazon or Audible.com are: Abby: Mail Order Bride; Broken Angel; and Cry of the West: Hallie.
As always, I love hearing from readers so don't be shy.

vernaclay@vernaclay.com

Stranded in Oasis (Excerpt)

1: Reassignment

Veering off the U.S. 93 onto the off-ramp, Maximilian Rutherford III, ground his teeth and slammed his three quarters-of-a-million dollar RV to a halt at a stop sign with graffiti declaring, "hot as hell," and then turned onto a narrow, two lane road with dips that even an outrageously expensive RV couldn't disguise.
The next sign he passed said, "Oasis 12 miles." Staring at distant bluffs encasing flat desert of scrub brush, a scattering of mesquite and juniper trees, and plenty of cacti, he once again spewed a string of profanities at his grandfather.
Up until a week ago he'd considered his relationship with his paternal grandfather, Maximilian Rutherford Isomeone he mostly saw only during management meetings because of their busy lifestylesto be satisfactory.
He'd always called his grandfather by his shortened first nameMax. The old gentleman had never been "Grandpa" or "Gramps" to any of his grandchildren, but that was to be expected from one who ran the multi-faceted, multi-billion dollar Rutherford Acquisitions empire. There simply was no time for family get-togethers when you were globetrotting and looking for your next company to buy, overhaul, and sell to the highest bidder.
Max III, who was supposed to be a chip off the old "grandfather block," scanned the terrain before him. Being the second of June, the weather wasn't outrageously hotyet. He hated hot weather. Grinding his jaw again, he replayed the unfortunate circumstances that had landed him in the pits of hell in the Arizona desert. Oasis, my ass.
Ten days ago he had been happilywell, maybe not happily, but studiouslyperforming his job as the interim CEO of their latest acquisition, a company that developed and manufactured computer chips. His job duties with Rutherford Acquisitions involved taking charge and reorganizing the acquired company for the purpose of making it attractive to buyers. It usually took one to two years before the failing corporation made enough of a turnaround to sell for a profit, and that was one reason his grandfather's latest order was so confusing.
He slammed his hand on the steering wheel. Damn the old man! Max had flown all night from the West Coast to the East Coast and the headquarters of his grandfather's vast empire in Manhattan after he'd been summoned. His grandfather's call had come during the first meeting of a week of meetings that had been scheduled with IT mogulsmen who were key to launching this latest acquisition back into the marketplace. It had taken Max weeks to set the meetings up and when he'd tried to explain that to his grandfather, the old man had just blown it off and insisted he reschedule because his presence was mandatory in New York.
The minute Max had entered the office of Maximilian Rutherford I, he'd known his grandfather was up to something. Respectfully, he'd greeted his elder, accepted a shot of bourbon, and declined a cigar. While the old guy puffed away and talked about his latest success in the stock market, Max waited to hear what his gut feeling told him he wasn't going to like.
He didnt have to wait long.
Max, Sr. set his cigar in his crystal ashtray, sipped his bourbon, casually leaned backward, and said, "I'm reassigning you."
Frowning, Max had leaned forward. "But sir, I'm about to close a deal that will skyrocket the value of the company in California."
The old man made a dismissive motion with his hand. "Your stepbrother can handle it. I've already reassigned him to the project."
Max shot halfway out of his seat. "What! Without even consulting me!"
Unfazed by his grandson's shout, Max, Sr. said in his most commanding voice, "Sit down, Max."
Max could feel his blood pressure rising as he sat back in his chair.
Max, Sr. stood and walked to the bank of windows overlooking Manhattan sixty-three stories below. Without explanation, he said, "As tough and mean as I am, I'll not live forever. I've been reviewing my will with my attorney and before I make final decisions as to the disposition of my company and assets after my demise, I need to know the tenacity of my heirs."
Those words gave Max pause. Was the old man dying of some disease?
Max, Sr. turned from the windows and answered his grandson's unspoken question. "No. I don't have any dreaded ailment as far as I know. But I do have a driving ambition to know what my heirs are made of. My only child, God rest his soul, wasn't cut from the same cloth as you or I. He was a tree hugger who would have driven this company into bankruptcy had he lived and inherited my estate. He wanted to support every whiney cause that crossed his desk."
Max, Sr. seemed lost in his memories and Max's wrath softened. The old man continued, "It was one of those causes that took his life. He drowned fording a river in the Amazon while heading up an expedition to save some rare bird." He shook his head.
Max had heard the story a million times, but he didn't interrupt his grandfather. As much as the old man bitched about his son's "do-gooder" ways, it was obvious he'd loved his boy. Max waited for his own fate to be revealed. He wasn't like his father. He was tough as nails, so the reason for being pulled from his latest assignment, when he was so close to success, irked and puzzled him.
Max, Sr. turned back to the bank of windows. After a moment of silence, he said, "Don't take your next assignment lightly. It will determine whether I hand the reins of my company over to you after I'm gone, or give it to your step-brother, Bertram."
At the mention of Bertram, Max's anger renewed itself. Two years older than Max, the man was an ass-and-a-half. Bertie could play the part of a loving grandson when in the presence of Max, Sr., but he was a thorn to Max. Max rued the day his mother had remarried to an oil magnate four years after Max II died. Bertie's father had later lost his wealth due to wrong decisions and died of a heart attack when Max was twenty.
Max, Sr. spoke again and his words sent an arrow of foreboding down Max's spine. "I'm sending you to Arizona for six months."
"What the hell is in Arizona?"
Max, Sr. turned from the window and studied his grandson. Quietly, he said, "The keys to your fate, boy."
Max squinted and waited. He supposed he could deal with six months in Phoenix. He wondered what acquisition his grandfather had purchased there.
His grandfather's next words shattered his vision of working from a high rise in the capital city.
Max, Sr. walked back to his desk, opened a drawer, and pulled out a paper. He handed it across the desk and Max reached for it. His grandfather said, "This is where you'll be staying in the town of Oasis, about fifty miles northwest of Phoenix."
Max's frown increased as he accepted the page that had been printed off a website with the internet address of desertprincess.com. He furrowed his brow and read the page. Was this some kind of a joke? It was an advertisement for a trailer park.

Spend your winters at Desert Princess Trailer and RV Park in beautiful Oasis, Arizona.

Max lifted confused eyes to his grandfather's. "What are you telling me?" he asked.
"I'm telling you that you're going to manage that trailer park for six months and it will decide your future with my company."
Max, who oversaw billion dollar investments and hobnobbed with the most influential personalities in the world, couldn't wrap his mind around his grandfather's instructions. He simply looked from the printout with a picture of an assortment of trailers and RVs parked in rows amidst desert sand dotted with cacti, a few scraggly trees and scrub brush, back to his grandfather. The old man reached to push a button on his intercom. "Peggy, when's my next appointment and who is it with?"
Peggy, Max's secretary since the creation of man, who looked to be that old, said in her no-nonsense voice, "You have a three-thirty with the governor of South Carolina."
Max, Sr. stood. "Son, it's nice seeing you, but I've got some research to catch up on before meeting with the governor. He's looking for assistance with their transportation issues and I may have just the company to fit the bill."
Max, Jr. couldn't make his legs move. Softly, he said, "Sir, you're joking, right? You're not really sending me to oversee a trailer park?" He even managed a chuckle.
His grandfather, looking completely serious, replied, "What part of 'head off to Arizona' don't you understand?"
Cry of the West: Hallie (Excerpt)

2: Unexpected Request

Cooper Jerome cursed and began walking the short distance from Jebson's Livery to Jebson's General Store so as to pass the time while his horse was being shod.
Dammit, Sweet Pea, why couldn't you wait until we got home to throw a shoe?
Cooper glanced at Vernon's Saloon and felt the pull of cheap whiskey. He wanted a drinkbad. So bad, in fact, his steps faltered and his courage wavered.
Bolstered with determination, he hastened his steps across the street and down the boardwalk to the store and saw Mrs. Wells enter with her son. He'd heard tell that her husband was killed in the tornado that hit St. Louis. He felt sorry for her, but she was young and would most likely find another husbandprobably a widower with a few kidsand life would go on. She wasn't outright pretty, but she was passable.
He remembered meeting the Wells shortly after being discharged from the army and settling into the small farm he'd bought six months previous. Mr. Wells walked with a pronounced limp and a brace on one leg and Cooper wondered if he suffered from the ravages of infantile paralysis. As for Mrs. Wells, he'd never forgotten the color of her eyesas green as the grass on Kentucky hills. One of the locals had introduced them outside of Jebson's store, the gathering place for local gossip and news. In fact, Toliver Jebson and a slew of brothers, sons, cousins, and other family members, owned just about everything in the small town of Jebson, twenty miles east of St. Louis.
After that first meeting, he'd transacted a couple of animal purchases with Mr. Wells when he bought a mule and some chickens to get his farm going.
Returning his thoughts to the present, Cooper knew the neighborly thing to do would be to offer his condolences. By the time he entered the store, however, Mrs. Wells had disappeared into the back room jammed with fabric bolts and sewing supplies. Rather than follow her into that part of the store, he decided to buy a case of shells for his twin Smith and Wesson six-shooters and wait for her to return.
* * *
Hallie pretended interest in a bolt of blue gingham while she tried to steady her rapid breathing.
"Ma, can I go see if Zack and Zeke are out back?" Timmy asked.
"Sure. Just don't get so caught up you don't hear me when I call."
"Okay, Ma."
Hallie breathed a sigh of relief. She didn't want Timmy overhearing her when she talked to Mr. Jerome. She'd seen the tall cowboy crossing the street toward the general store and then heard the door open when he entered. Her mind shouted, "Ask him!"
She'd met Mr. Jerome a couple of times before and later observed to Tom that he looked like a haunted man. Her husband had replied, "He's recently returned from the War of the States as a Union soldier and bought that ramshackle old Richardson place." He had sighed and continued, "That's what war does to a man, especially when its brother-against-brother." After that, Tom had pointed to his bum leg caused from a childhood bout with paralysis and said, "I guess something good did come of this. I didn't have to fight in a war and kill my fellow Americans."
Hallie heard Timmy call a greeting to Mrs. Jebson and then open and close the door as he went in search of his friends. Gathering her wits, she reentered the front of the store and bumped into Mr. Jerome when she rounded the door frame. Inadvertently, she gasped and placed a hand over her heart.
"Sorry, ma'am, I didn't mean to frighten you."
His voice was rich and deep and Hallie was suddenly tongue-tied. The man was soshe searched for a wordmasculine: over six feet tall, with wavy black hair tied back with a leather strap and a face that seemed carved from granite with its angles and planes. Blue eyes that would make the loveliest shade for a dress stared at her above cheeks and jaws that hadn't seen a razor for days. She couldn't decide whether his looks favored that of an angel or a devil. Her courage almost failed, but then she remembered Tom saying that Mr. Jerome was a just and good man.
In a breathless voice, she said, "Hello, Mr. Jerome. You're just the man I wanted to see."
He gave her a questioning look. "Is that right?"
"Yes, sir. Do you suppose we could walk onto the porch? I'd like to discuss a proposition with you that is of a private nature."
Mr. Jerome quirked an eyebrow and Hallie turned scarlet when she realized the suggestive nature of her remark.
He stepped aside, motioning toward the door with his hand. "After you, ma'am."
Hallie prayed her heartbeat would slow down. If it didn't, she might faint.
Amidst curious glances from Mr. and Mrs. Jebson, they stepped out onto the boardwalk. She walked a few paces and then turned around, fisting her hands in her skirt. Just ask him. All he can do is say no.
Before she could speak, he said, "Mrs. Wells, I'd like to offer my condolences on the loss of your husband. He was a good man."
"Thank you, Mr. Jerome. Yes, he was a very good man. He also said that of you." She paused considering how to proceed. Mr. Jerome's blue eyes and intent stare unnerved her and muddled her thoughts. She grazed her teeth over her bottom lip.
"Ma'am, please say whatever it is that's troubling you."
It's now or never. "Um, I'm not sure if you heard that Thomas and I sold our farm and just about everything we own, including the animals. For years, he wanted to move west. It was a dream that eventually became my dream as well. We purchased a reservation with a wagon train headed out of Westport next month. The money we received from the sale of our property was for the purchase of a wagon, oxen, supplies, and also to hire hands to help with the building of our cabin on one hundred acres that Tom bought in the Willamette Valley in Oregon." She'd spoken the words in a rush and ended with, "The new homeowners are taking possession soon. They've been accommodating since Tom's death, but they sold their own place and need to move in."
Hallie watched Mr. Jerome furrowed his brow. After a long silence, he asked, hesitantly, "So, what is it you need from me?"
Novels and Novellas by Verna Clay

Contemporary

Romance on the Ranch Series
Dream Kisses
Honey Kisses
Baby Kisses
Candy Kisses
Christmas Kisses
Rock Star Kisses (coming soon)

Oasis Series
Stranded in Oasis
Branded in Oasis
Crashed in Oasis

Historic

Unconventional Series
*Abby: Mail Order Bride
Broken Angel
Ryder's Salvation
Joy's Return

*Gold Medal Winner Readers' Favorite International Book Contest

Finding Home Series
Cry of the West: Hallie
Rescue on the Rio: Lilah
Missouri Challenge: Daisy

FANTASY ROMANCE

Shapeling Trilogy
Roth: Book One: Protector
Fawn: Book Two: Master
Davide: Book Three: Prince

Jazmine

YOUNG ADULT ROMANCE
(Verna Clay writing as Colleen Clay)

Fragile Hearts

*************

AUDIO BOOKS

Abby: Mail Order Bride
Broken Angel
Cry of the West: Hallie


