








SAVAGE SUMMER
Ruth Bainbridge
When life gives you lemons, be sure to spit the pits out of that lemonade youre making. Otherwise youll choke.  Curt Savage

The past year has not been a good one for Curt Savage. Depressed over the death of a loved one, hes gone into hiding, becoming entirely too comfortable with saying that hes in the Witness Protection Program. But the urge to find that elusive killer puts his MIA status on hold. With the help of his new buddy Mike, he delves into the murky world of tracking down a killerand uncovering who poisoned a neighbors dog. 

SAVAGE SUMMER is the first in the Curt Savage mystery series. Going from former cop to private dick, he represents a new kind of detectivethe reluctant kind. As his best bud Mike puts it, Private investigation just got Savage.


 2014 by Ruth Bainbridge 

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
CHAPTER 1

You can tell a lot about a person by how they react to the singing of birds in their backyard. If someone is happy about a bunch of them chirping, you can bet theyre in a good mood and are pleased with how things are going in life. If not, theyre most likely depressed as hell and at odds with the world that created both them and their feathered friends. Me? Im in the latter group. I wished those birds would all go to helland they can take those goddamned squirrels with em.  
The intensity of the noonday sun played havoc with my retinas. I was balanced rather shakily on the chaise lounge, the matching striped umbrella a little farther south than it needed to be. My noggin bore the brunt of the miscalculation, but I was too apathetic to fix it. To think that I used to enjoy the sunlight. Originally a California boy, all I did was frolic out in the sunshine all day. That, and try to convince the West Coast fanatics that it wasnt really biblical prophecy for the big one to hit California and trigger Armageddon. Most refused to listen to my wise counsel, but then, some lunatics can be so stubborn. 
A frosty glass of iced tea was resting on the cedar table. It had been included in the five-piece ensemble. To say that the outdoor furniture had been used very little since I bought it last year would be an understatement. Itd been purchased at the insistence of my then fiance, Ruth Warwick. Shes the one that convinced me that Id be needing it in the warmer weather. 
Id been living at 415 Wymar Drive for four years and the folding chairs used for poker were doing just fine. Still, I caved under the pressure, discovering too late that she was wrong. I would have loved to convey that message to her, but she was no longer around to tell. 
The perspiration continued to gush out my pores. The unfettered sprinkling caused my Hawaiian shirt to cling to my skin like microwaved sandwich wrap on a BLT. The polyester souvenir was yet another reminder of Ruth and our vacation in Oahu, but then there were mementos of our ill-fated relationship all over the damned place. I likened them to land mines. Come across one, and kapow! It all blows up in your face. 
I grabbed a handful of napkins, sponging the moisture off my brow. Why sweat always felt so gross when flabby and out of shape, I cant say, but as to how I got to resemble a mashed potatomea culpa. For the past year and a half, Id given up all physical endeavorsand that included driving a car. After all, where was there to go? 
My once rock hard muscles had paid the price, deteriorating into something found in nursing homes. And exercise wasnt all that Id abandoned. Everything had fallen by the wayside until I was forced to admit that I, thirty-year-old Curtis Owen Savage, had officially become a recluse. Its what happens when life deals you a hardball. 
The fifteen months spent in isolation were used to avoid contact with people and life itself. Id been stuck in some sort of limbo, but there was a certain beauty in rising when the sun was going down, since it meant one less day that I had to deal with. Hip hip hoorah. 
Id never planned to come out of seclusion, and the dwindling funds in my bank account werent enough to convince me otherwise. Of course, with the electronic conveniences available, I wasnt even forced to leave my home to make purchases. I did all my shopping online and that allowed me to keep a low profile. However, the technological advancement wasnt without its pitfalls, since it brought unwelcome company into my life. 
Disguised in the form of delivery boys, these harbingers of misfortune got to be regular visitors, and that familiarity gave them license to ask me why I just didnt get the groceries myself. I would nonchalantly reply that I was in the Witness Protection Program and that the Feds wanted it this way. But as soon as they left, Id sit in the dark, mentally trashing the younger generation for its boldness in questioning my motivations. It was their parents fault for not raising them to show respect. Of that, I was sure.  
Other than those necessary intrusions, I was content to be a hermit. Alone suited me, and I was resigned to living out my remaining years in solitary confinement, but my dear, sweet momma had other ideas. A few weeks ago, she started phoning and leaving messages that she wanted to come over and visit. She became such a pest that I was forced to call her in order to tell her to stop calling. But what was only supposed to be a rebuke led to a conversation, and well, it culminated in her telling me that I couldnt go on like this. How did she phrase it? 
Curt, this wont bring Ruthie back.
Bingo dingo. Man, she was right, but it hurt so goddamned much to hear. Too goddamned much. You see, when Ruthie died, Id died right along with herI just hadnt stopped breathing. But that would comeeventually. 
Ruth Warwick was the fiance Id mentioned earlier, and her death was why she wasnt around. Wed been planning on getting married last yearin October. Id opted for June, but she had this thing about fall weddings. Something about the color palette allowing for an Enchanted Evening theme. I never got to see what hues were so compelling as to eschew idyllic weather because she never made it that far. She was murdered in the springon March 31st. 
Hearing the news was like being swallowed by an alligator. I was still trapped in its belly, trying to make sense of things, but nothing did. I mean, everything had been so normal. I was living out my life as a member of Creston Philadelphias finest, and Ruthie was attending Bramley University, working on her masters degree. 
She normally travelled to see me on weekends; she preferred it that way. But at the beginning of March, shed gotten caught up in exams and skipped seeing me for three weekends in a row. Late on Friday night, one day before the tragedy, shed called out of the blue, asking me to drive up. I was missing her something fierce, but I backed out, saying I was too tired. Id been on the police force for about four years and was still paying my dues by putting in long hours and trying to prove my worth. Then there were the double shifts. I was taking every one I could so that I could put away a nest egg, but those were just lame-ass excuses. What it boils down to is complacency. Id held the firm belief that I could always see her. If not that weekend, then the next, but there would be no more weekends. At least not with Ruth. Lesson? Never take anything or anyone for granted because youre surely going to regret it. 
On Sunday, she was found in her off-campus apartmentbutchered like a fish at a sushi bar. What some people can do with a sharp knife. Whats that adage? Idle hands make the devils work? If that saying is true, then the person that carved up Ruthie must have been indigent his entire life. 
Talk about guilt. I kept thinking that if Id been with her, it would never have happened, but how could I know that for sure? And, in hindsight, that call she made to me was strange. Ruthie never asked anyone for anything. Independence Day was dedicated to girls like her, so if shed wanted to see me, she would have driven, taken a train, or walked the 120 miles. It wasnt like her to rely on me for anything, but there had been an urgency in her voice. She hadnt as much asked as pleaded with me to go therebut why? Had she received a threat? Had a premonition? Or was it just a case of her being lonely? 
My fellow officers broke the news to meright before they began investigating me for the homicide. Ninety-nine percent of the time, its the boyfriend thats responsible. Thats the inflated percentage theyd quoted. Add in the fact that there had been an inordinate amount of rage perpetrated against her, and you got a lethal dose of sodium thiopental being injected into my vein.
Man, the theories were flying hot and heavy for a while. One was that Id gotten cold feet. Another was that she was pregnant and I couldnt handle having kids. A third was that it wasnt my kid that she was carrying. The autopsy shot those last few out of the water. Ruth wasnt pregnant. Sexually assaulted by a butcher knife, but not pregnant. It didnt stop the speculation, or the stares. After all, I had that middle name that the press kept using even if I never did. Seems everyone with a tin foil hat and dime store forensics kit knows that diabolical killers have three names. Never mind that we all have one on our birth certificates. 
Unfortunately for the justice system, I had an airtight alibi. Itd been my turn to host the monthly Texas Hold Em Championship, and the crotchety next door neighbor had personally complained about the noise. It meant that there were too many witnesses to my being occupado at the time of the crime. The case went cold after I got eliminated. My pals dove back into the hunt by questioning Ruthies friends and family to ferret out new leads, but as far as anyone knew, she had no enemies. With no DNA found, it seemed a phantom had killed herone that was now haunting me. 
 I was getting lost in the past again. I tipped the canopy a little to the side. It caused the shade to finally find me. When I checked my watch, I found that I had plenty of time before I met Mike. Mike OBrien was someone Id met at Wilds Gym. Last month, Id joined that health club, hoping to reverse the damage Id done to myself over the past year. 
Two weeks ago, Id started working out, going cold turkey to boot. It was ixnay on the eerbay. Having subsisted on lager, it was tough giving up the habit. Not as tough as finding a fitness center that was open 24 hours a day, but it had been well worth the trouble. Using the facilities in the dead of night meant that I had my pick of the machines and could stay on them for as long as I wanted. It felt like my personal training center. Mike felt the same way. 
Snatching a celery stick from the pile next to me, I munched like a grazing cow. I was glad that I was moving again. Not only because I was making Momma Bear happy, but because I was getting myself back in shape. After all, it was going to take a lot of endurance to track down the bastard that had killed Ruthie.  


CHAPTER 2

It was a full house at Shotskys. I hadnt seen that much desperation since Id visited the local shelter during puppy season. Seemed everybody was looking for a home, or at least a port in which to dock. I spotted Mikes spiked do right away. Not everyone can sport a porcupine upsweep and make it look stylish. 
Hey, Bright Eyes. Thought you were gonna stand me up, Mike said, giving a way too hard high five. I shook out the sting. 
Yeah, well, I had second thoughts. Its been a while. 
Whats your poison? First round is my treat. 
Ginger ale for me. Dont want to lose another year. 
Ginger ale it is, she said as she squeezed her way to the bar. 
Born Michelle OBrien, Mike was something else, all right. Five feet, six inches of raw audacity, her bark and bite were both lethal. That was mostly due to the fact that she had the biggest set of guns this side of Cleveland, but she swore that the muscle was natural. Like I believed that. 
Wed hit it off right away. Shed introduced herself at the gym, offering to be a spotter when I worked out with the weights. I accepted, even though I wasnt lifting more than five pounds. No doubt about her being gay; the rainbow, tie-dyed t-shirt she wore proclaimed, Keep Calm. I am a Lesbian. Gotta love that kind of confidence, but what really did it was overhearing a conversation. She told an engaged heterosexual couple, and I quote: Hey, I think you two should get married. And, dont worry, I wont be offended. With that witticism out of the way, OBrien became my new best friend. 
While she waited for my drink at the counter, she passed the time flirting with a redhead standing next to her. Id heard some of Mikes lines at Wilds, and the girl had some game. She was gonna be rough competition if we ever set our sets on the same potential life partner, but hopefully, that wouldnt happen. There were enough shoes to try on, so why sweat one chick? That was her philosophy, not mine. 
I downed a handful of beer nuts as Michelle bid the new red shoe goodbye. 
Too easy and not enough baby back ribs for me, she summarized. 
Are you allowed to talk like that? Id get a shot in the mouth if I reduced a woman to food that comes in a bucket. 
Its not any worse than what they say about us, and I take it that youre talking about that PC place you left? 
Pretty much, I answered, chugging down the soda that was most definitely not champagne. 
Besides, were not saying it in front of them, so those hos got to chill. 
You got a way with words, Mike. 
Giving a toast, I clinked my glass against hers before we guzzled down. As she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, her lively blue eyes fired sparks. I swore this girl was hotwired somewhere and set on fire with butane. 
So about that place where you used to work, why did you leave? You never really talk about yourself, she queried. 
How long you been in Creston, Mike?
About a month. 
Thats why. 
Why what?
Why you dont know the reason that I dont have to talk about myself. 
Mind if we join you? 
It was the redhead with a brunette friend in tow. 
Um, I articulated, looking at Mike for a clue. 
I said a definite possibility, she whispered before jumping to her feet and pulling out a chair. As the redhead settled in, Mike tugged her vest, making sure her tie was straight. The brunette left for me was nice enough, but didnt compare with Ruth. I decided to take one for the team. 
Please, I coaxed, holding out the seat next to me. 
Thanks, she said, smiling through a nice set of choppers. Im Derva. 
Im Curt and that there is Mike, I responded, giving Michelle a good slap on her back for getting me into this. 
This here is Virginny, Mike started. She works as a massage therapist, or so she claims. 
Oh, she does! Derva chimed in. I work with her, so I know! 
Massage therapist? Come on, how many times have you been raided? Mike teased. 
The girls giggled. Virginny put her hand on Mikes arm. I tried the same maneuver with Derva. Smiling, she crooked her finger. I leaned in, anxious to hear what she had to say. 
I dont go that way, Curt, she informed in breathy tones. 
What? 
Youre very handsome and everything, but Im here hoping to get a shot at Mike. You see, Ginny is my girlfriend, but we like to get the freak on sometimes. Youre welcome to watch. 
Oh, how times had changed. That year, Id slept through what seemed more like a centurys worth of social evolution. Of course, this lesson in human sexuality didnt help me any with my confidence. The last thing I wanted was to be rejected by someone I didnt want. 
Sorry, I subscribe to NetFlix, I quipped and left it at that. 
When I looked up, Mike and Virginny were soul kissing. Staring at my ginger ale, I wished it would ferment into something stronger. Now that I was cut out of any possibility of action, I leaned back, glancing around. Remembering an old joke about an ape, a giraffe, and a jackass entering a bar, I realized that two of them were glaring at what was going on at our tableand one of those two wasnt a giraffe.
Mike pulled back. Hopping to her feet, she tugged Ginny up, wrapping a hand around the masseuses waist. Derva took her place as the other slice of white bread to complete the Mike sandwich. 
See ya around, Curt. Hope you understand, Mike offered non-apologetically. 
Yeah, sure. Mazel tov, I mumbled, raising a glass that leaked down my arm. 
Sashaying out the door, I noticed the two clowns at the bar leave at the same time. My nose, which was honed at the police academy to sniff out trouble, was still working. I popped up like a marionette whose strings had been yanked. I rushed out to the parking lot in time to see the confrontation. 
What youre doing is wrong! And this is going to prove it. 
The dark-haired goon resembling the ape was the one speaking. His fist waved in the air as intimidation. The light-haired jackass he was with darted quickly to Mikes right, trying to pin her arms. The two girls screamed as a scuffle broke out. 
Hey, whats going on here! I yelled out, trotting over. 
My six-foot, two-inch frame counted for something. And so did the physique that included broad shoulders from paddling my surfboard through the rough ocean waves. The jackass let go and the ape backed off, but then maybe Im being unfair to animals in making those comparisons. 
These guys seem to think that they can run everybodys life for themthats whats going on, Mike responded. She straightened her tie and ran her hands through her hair. 
That so, I replied, turning to the two meatballs. Well, everyone here is an adult and can make their own decisions. Telling someone they cant constitutes a violation of the penal code, and physically enforcing such illegality bumps it up to a felony one. Now I suggest you two disperse and let nature take its course. 
A look best described as not happy crossed the goons faces. The dark-haired clown cast a blistering glare in Mikes direction, but didnt have the nerve to cross the line Id drawn. Not when the fight was even, anyway. 
What theyre doing aint natural! the ape blurted, pointing his finger at the soon-to-be mnage a trois. 
Neither are 80s mullets, Mike retorted. 
Mike, you want to press charges? I inquired, pulling out my cell. 
Not tonight, I dont. Got pressing matters going on. 
Then I suggest you two move along, I said, taking a step closer. They took the hint, hightailing it back inside. Mike had that look in her eye. 
Would you ladies excuse me a minute? she inquired before bolting into Shotskys. I kept Ginny and Derva company, wondering what was going on. Mike was true to her word. A moment later, she returned. Fitting her arms around the bookends, she whisked them away into her chariot, giving a cheery honk as she drove away. 
CHAPTER 3

I returned home more depressed than how Id started the evening, but my resolve to get myself out of the rut Id been stuck in won out the day. Instead of throwing a pity party that consisted of me drowning myself in Jack Daniels and a beer chaser, I sipped mint tea and watched a classic Bogart/Bacall flick. You see, I did have NetFlix. As a former boy scout, I never lie. Well, not about things like that, anyway. 
I went to bed before midnight, unprepared for the dreams I had of Ruthie. Strangely enough, I hadnt had any since her murder, but last night, they came on strong. We were downstairs, kissing on the couch. She slipped off her headband, shaking her raven tresses loose. They resembled the waves in a never-ending sea. Standing, she started unbuttoning her white blouse, giving me a come-hither stare. She took my hand, caressing it with her cheek. We made our way up the stairs, stopping to kiss every so often to stoke the fire burning a hole in both our bellies. 
Arriving at my bedroom, we inched backwards, my Ruthie giving the front of my shirt a tug in the direction of the bed. With no more hints needed, one of my arms went under her shoulders, the other under her knees. As I lifted her up, I kissed her softly, placing her down on my comforter. I slipped out of my shirt, kicking my pants to one side. 
I kissed every one of Ruthies fingers, nibbling my way up her arm and neck. Grazing awhile on her ear, I finished unbuttoning her blouse, helping her slide it off. A pair of white slacks came next. I climbed on top of her as I ran my hands up and down her creamy skin as we . 
The phone jarred me out of the fantasy. I awoke suddenly, shielding the light that assaulted my eyes. The odor of Ruthies perfume was everywhere. 
Ruth? I called out. Disoriented, I reached out to her side of the bed, expecting her to be there. It took me several more seconds to realize that she was dead. 
Hello, I started. The gravel in my throat demanded that I clear it once or twice.
Im responding to the ad about Ruth Warwicks murder. 
 Those words officially woke me up. More effective than any cup of coffee, the voice synthesizer disguised the callers identity, but the point was that someone had finally phoned. Ever since Id been dispensed with as a suspect, Id placed small pennysaver ads in papers published in both Pennsylvania and Ruthies home state of Connecticut. Somebody knew something, but I hoped this wasnt some clown trying to get the reward money from punking my ass. 
Yes, go ahead. Im listening, I replied as I ran for a pen and paper. I wanted to be ready, but all I heard was static and heavy breathing. I guessed that it was all about the money time. In a second, theyd be asking for the details of how to collect. I figured Id beat them to that particular punch. Look, if youre worried about the reward, the $10,000 will be released when it leads to the arrest of the person, or persons, responsible. 
I dont care about the money. There are bigger things going on. 
What? What do you mean? What things? 
In due time, Savage. 
You know my name? How
Inconsequential, dont you think? Right now, all I can say is thisRuth was having an affair. 
The click of the receiver on the other end told me the call was concluded. Shocked by the accusation, I stared at the phone, still in my hand. In a million years, Id never expected a call like that. I collapsed in a chair, trying to think things through. I concluded it had to be a joke perpetrated by someone that thought I hadnt suffered enough. I slammed the phone back into its stand and took my shower. My stomach was in knots. I was upset that someone was trying to put things in my head about the woman I still loved. Fuck em to hell. 
The downstairs bell interrupted the ceremonial towel drying of my hair. The scissors and clippers Id been using to stem the tide of new growth werent really making it. There were chunks of hair missing, and patches Id overlooked. Bad haircuts were yet another reason for not going out in the bright light of day, but Id have to. Well, right after I was done cursing out the asshole making prank calls, I would. 
I loped down the stairs, making it to the front door. Once there, I was treated to a face-to-face with the woman whod pulled my bacon out of the fire. 
Hello, Mr. Savage. 
It was my next-door neighbor, the one that had complained about my card game. Mrs. Danvers had her black Pomeranian named Mooch under her arm. 
Hello, Mrs. Danvers. 
Most people would have invited me in by now, she snapped, slipping underneath my arm. She put her dog down. He happily ran throughout the downstairs, barking out of sheer joy at having a new place to poop. Marge looked around, choosing to sit on the couch Ruthie had occupied in my dream. 
How are you doing? she asked brusquely. The five-foot, four-inch woman was direct, Id give her that. The red highlights in her light brown hair hinted at a flammable temper. I decided to chance a brushfire. 
You bring your dog when you visit? 
Of course. You got something against dogs, Mr. Savage? 
No, I was just wondering. Most people dont have the nerve to  
I caught myself. It was the wrong thing to say. 
Oh, nerve! People wait for things to be handed to them, rather than having enough courage to ask. Course, then they complain for the rest of their damned lives, and we have to listen, she summarized, shaking her head. Answer the question, Mr. Savage. Do you like dogs? 
Yes, I do. 
Mooch came skidding into the living room. Not hesitating, he jumped in his owners lap. She hugged him affectionately, scratching him under his chin. 
I know you do. Youre a kind man. Never believed for a minute what they accused you of. 
 Well, thank you for that vote of confidence. 
Youre welcome and theres no need to be so sarcastic. Just because I worked in banking my entire life, doesnt mean I dont know a thing or two about peoples natures. Like that girl you were datingthe one that got herself killed? That girl had secrets. Big ones. 
Marge was full of surprises.
Like? 
How would I know? She was your girlfriend.
She was now trespassing on a grave. Nerve or no nerve, she had to go. 
Im sorry, but  I said, starting to get up. 
Oh, dont go getting all bent out of shape about what I said. I dont mean she was an escaped felon or that she took drugs. She was a lovely girl. Sweet, gentle, and kind. I liked her a lot. I like you, too. 
The cushion said another hello to my behind. 
Thats better, she continued. Now, as I was saying, your fiance was tenderhearted. It made whatever that sadness she was carrying around all the harder to bear. Its like that with good folks. The other kind dont really care, now do they? 
I guess they dont, I replied, rubbing my temples, which were calling out for caffeine. Can you please tell me why youre here? I said, summoning up my nerve. After all, Id hate to complain. 
Im here because of Mooch. Youre an ex-cop, right? 
Yes, I answered, wondering where this was going. I hadnt planned on segueing into dog walking, but if it paid enough, maybe.
Well, I want to hire you to find out who it was he bit. 
Your dog bit someone? Dont you think you should wait for the lawyer thats going to sue the pants off you to tell you his clients name? 
No ones suing, and thats the problem. 
What is?
That people up to no good cant sue, now can they? If they did, theyd have to explain what they were doing in my backyard at three oclock in the morning. 
If he or she were trespassing, you might have a case. 
There is no case, Mr. Savage, and youre not listening. 
It wasnt for lack of trying. It was just that I couldnt concentrate. All that healthy food I was eating plus the exercise was going to kill me. 
Im not really interested in
As I said, last night, Moochie Poochie woke me up. I thought he had to go wee wee, didnt I, Moochikins? Its unusual that he wakes me up at that hour, but he was whining and barking. When you gotta go, you gotta go, so I brought him downstairs and opened the patio doors for him to go out back. I waited, but instead of doing his business, he took off running. He growled and dove into the bushes. The next thing I knew, I heard a man screaming, Ow, and a few choice expletives. A second later, someone clothed in a dark shirt and pants took off into the neighbors yard. 
Interesting, but Id let it go. He wont be back. 
Oh, yes, he will. Hes stalking someone.
And how do you know that, Mrs. Danvers? 
Because when I walk Moochie, Ive seen a black van parked in the neighborhood. 
And what was it doing? 
Nothing, as far as I could tell. Just parked, but it never used to be. 
Theres nothing to see here, folks. Just keep moving and no one will get hurt. 
It was time to talk her down off the ledge. 
Mrs. Danvers, I started, using the voice I reserve for infants. That person prowling around your backyard got you nervous. Thats all. And the van? A neighbor bought a new car or has someone visiting. Besides, the two dont seem connected. Then theres the fact that I dont do private investigations. I dont even do public ones. 
Are you sure? I just have such a feeling, Mr. Savage. Like the one I had the last time I saw your girlfriend. 
This was getting us nowhere. Next thing shed do was take out a Ouija board and direct yes and no questions to a spirit called Lunar Eclipse. 
Yes, Im sure. Ill keep my eyes and ears out for that prowler coming back, though. 
Well, I guess thats it then, Moochie. I was wrong. He doesnt care. 
The misstating of evidence got to me. I wanted to argue, but conserved my energy until after coffee time. Her foot knocked into the side table, jostling the items on it. Leaning over, she picked off whatever had been knocked to the floor, placing it back on the table. It was the lilac headband Ruthie had been wearing in my dream. 
Whered you get that? I blurted. 
Didnt you see? I knocked it off the table. 
It was there? I queried as I sorted through what was real from what was fiction. 
Yes, and the offer is still openif you change your mind. 
After she let herself out, I remained in one spot, staring at the band. I remembered it  Ruthie had worn it a lot, but then she liked wearing purple. The color changed her light blue eyes to a hypnotic shade of periwinkle. 
Even I noticed the alteration in hue, and I dont notice anything when off the job. Its probably why I hadnt seen it on the table since it was obviously there all this time. It had probably been caught behind the lamp even though I cleaned there pretty much every week. I picked it up, fingering in my hands, as the perfume I smelled this morning drifted in. 




 
CHAPTER 4

The percolator finished doing its thing. Of course, it was Ruthie that had turned me onto the difference a percolator could make in achieving a perfect cup of coffee. As I drank the first cupful of the day, the caffeine hit me like a TV thrown into bathwater. 
A knock on the front door interrupted me yet again. I hoped it wasnt Marge, coming back to say that Mooch had taken a chunk out of another neighbors behind. In this state, you were only allowed one free bite. I should know.  
Hey, Bright Eyes, Mike greeted as she breezed on by. What was it with people not waiting to be invited in? On second thought, she said, taking a second look at my sunken face, not so bright. Kitchen this way? I could use one of those, she said, pointing to my coffee cup. 
She was headed in the right direction, so I just nodded. Seemed she knew everything. Maybe she could figure out where the perfume was coming from. That scent had only gotten stronger. 
I was slowed down by stopping to take a swallow of java after every step. By the time Id caught up, Mike was opening all my cabinet doors. Selecting the biggest mug she could find, I didnt have the heart to tell her that it was actually a stein that Id acquired at a German beerfest. I got ready to perk more java. Id need to if I was expecting a second cup. 
What are you doing up so early? I asked. I thought I remembered her telling me she never got up before noon. 
Dude, you really are operating at half-mast. Rummaging through the fridge, she emptied half the milk in the quart container into her cup. The coffee was either light enough or there was no more room to pour. Placing the carton down, she waved her hands in front of her body like a cheesy Vegas magician. Same clothes as last night, but then, I guess you didnt notice. 
I had noticed, but I never assume anything. 
You dog, I congratulated. Throwing out the old coffee grounds, I rinsed out the percolator before filling it with fresh water. Must have been some night. Didnt think you were that into either one. 
No. No, no, no, no, no, she sputtered. I guess I had assumed. Now Mike was into the sugar. She poured in enough to cause an insulin spike and gulped down her first taste. Damn, that is good! 
It should be after using up half the pantry. 
 I dont understand. Are you saying that you werent with Virginia and Derva last night?
Yeah, earlier, but those bitches is whackadoodle, dude. 
So you didnt
Oh, hell, yeah, I did! But then I made like a banana and split. Derva told me about inviting you along, and, dude, no offense, but I dont want anyone watching. 
Standing next to one another, we leaned our hips against the granite countertop while perfectly good chairs went to waste. 
Shy, huh? I teased. 
No, not at all! I just dont want anyone learning my moves. But if you want to know anything, you just ask. I know what the ladies love. I mean, I should. 
She had a point. 
What about you? she asked. Getting up with the birds part of your Get in Shape or Die regimen? 
Nope, more like I got a phone call and was dumb enough not to let it go into voicemail. 
Nothing interesting, I take it? 
More like incendiary. Its why I couldnt go back to sleep. 
Was it about Ruth? 
What? 
I asked if it was about Ruth, she repeated, sliding out a chair. Sprawling out her legs, she relaxed, fingering the oversized mug. I followed up on what you said. 
Which was? 
That everyone knew about you. I looked you up online. Dude, youre famous. 
That kind of fame, no one wants. Believe me, I stated, joining her at the table. 
I can understand that. Sorry it happened, but the call
Just some clown trying to cash in on pain. Caller said Ruth was cheating on me. 
I guess its out of the question? 
Yup, I replied as I finished the last sip. I was ready for another cup. 
From what I read, there were no leads, no suspectsbesides youand no DNA? Hard to believe when theres that much collateral damage. 
Yeah, tell me about it, I said, waiting for the brewing cycle to finish. It was because shed been moved. 
Mikes eyes lit up, her head snapping to attention. Really? The articles I read didnt mention that. 
It was one of those things they held back. Dont know why. She was discovered by a couple of friends. Theyd have to know things were too clean, given what happened, dont you think? 
I would think, but then maybe its the professional in us that leads us towards that conclusion, she said, sniffing the air. Did you have company, Savage? You holding back on me?
 You mean, you smell it, too? 
Sure do. It smells good. Kind of classy.
Was I really going to go there? Yes, I was. 
Its Ruths perfume. 
Not saying anything, she just sort of stared out the window, processing the information. 
Dude, youre not trying to say that its her? she said, leaning in. 
Mike, I dont know what Im saying, but its hers. Id recognize it anywhere. 
Okay, Savage, youre creeping me out. Her eyes widened as she shuddered. Swallowing what was left of her morning brew, she walked to the sink, turning on the tap and letting the cup soak. I just deal in reality. Im sure other women wear that perfume, and then theres the kitchen window thats wide. Then theres the fact that odors get embedded into fabric and walls and rugs, but thanks for the coffee and chat, anyway. Oh, I forgot to tell you that after I left those two freaktoids, I met this nice girl. 
You went out again? 
Sure. Why not? 
Whered you go? 
To a strip club. Only thing thats open at that time. 
You met a stripper? Hope you checked your credit cards. 
Nay, Candice isnt like that. I did give her a little scratchto tide her over.
Mike, I admonished. 
I know, I know. Hey, you remember that I went back into Shotskys after those two buffoons tried to start a fight about the wages of sin? 
Yes. 
Dont you want to know what for? 
I am curious. 
Well, I went to ask the bartender who the two guys were. Luckily, they frequented Shotskys a lot, so she knew their names. So after I did a search on you, I ran one on them. Found out that one has unpaid parking tickets and that the other is behind on his alimony. Anyway, traffic court and Mr. Tough Guys ex-wife can look no further than the addresses I supplied to them.
You found their addresses? 
Sure did. If you know where to look, you can find anything about anyone. 
Pretty good for an importer/exporter. 
Yeah, isnt it, she said, touching the corner of one eye. 
See you at the gym tonight? I queried, pouring a second cup of coffee. 
Sure. Gotta work on this bod for the ladies. But promise, no more scary stories. I dont do well with ghosts. 
Evidently, neither do I. 


CHAPTER 5

I returned home from my workout. Id out pressed Mike in bench lifts. She hated that more than anything, so I rubbed it in partially to pay her back for outperforming me in the sexual arena. I was kind, though, deciding to the let the remaining balance slide. I was too distracted by poltergeists to concentrate on revenge. 
I pulled into the driveway, departing from my trusty Jeep. Wouldnt travel any other way, and if the apocalypse came, I was ready. I thought Id been joking about that last part, but a piercing scream seemed to harken that a zombie invasion had begun. Identifying it as coming from Marge Danvers backyard, I dropped my duffel bag and ran for all I was worth. 
What the hell? I queried as I approached the bathrobed, older woman with the dog in her arms. I had to admit that Moochie looked exactly like an old dust mop my mother used to have. 
Moochie! My babys been poisoned! she shouted. Semi-hysterical, I tried to pump her for more information. 
How do you know that, Mrs. Danvers? 
Because of the food on the ground that I didnt give him, Einstein! she fired back. Bending down, I saw some scraps of meat. It was hard to see any more than that, what with the dim light. 
Someone left it here? 
Obviously! Something woke him up again. He was barking and making a racket, so I thought he had to pee. But when he got out, the same thing happened. He made a beeline to a spot near those bushes, but this time there wasnt a commotion. I wandered out, afraid that someone was out there, when I heard this noise he makes when he eats. I ran over to him and he was chowing down on this disgusting mess, so I stopped him. Right after I did, he started foaming at the mouth. Look, he threw up, but then he collapsed. I screamed and, oh, Im wasting my breath talking to you! Outta my way, Mr. Savage! Ive got to get him to the hospital! 
Before she could move, I heard the crackle of branches being pushed back. Someone had been watchingand probably listening. Someone that was running into my yard. 
I took off after him. It was the figure that Marge had described. Because of his dark clothing, I could barely make him out against the fringe of trees that bordered my property line. Fuck me for not leaving my outdoor lights on. 
Before I realized it, he cut back. He was headed for the street. Fooled and bamboozled, I kicked it into a higher gear. It was only because Id been working out on a treadmill that Id gotten this far. Winded and cursing myself for getting so out of shape, I saw him disappear in between two houses. I half-heartedly made my way to where I thought hed gone, when the sound of an engine let me know hed made his getaway. Marges car fired up next. Moochie was going to get the help that he needed. 
Scooping up my satchel, I went inside. Huffing like an old carp, I drank some water and was about to go upstairs. The headlights in my driveway made me rethink my plans. I opened the front door as Mike exited her car. 
Hey, Savage, she said as she passed by, patting me on my chest. She didnt stop until shed hit the couch. Falling backwards, she tossed back her head giving out a moan. Why do things have to be so complicated? Why? 
Taking a seat across from her, I dug in. 
What happened? Another fight at Shotskys? 
Nope. Just disappointment in love. Candice has broken my heart, Savage. I might not be able to go on. Opening her half-closed lids, she finally got her first gander of me. Why are you so sweaty? 
For an importer/exporter, she certainly was observant. Yes, Id taken a shower before leaving Wilds, but how many people would have noticed I was no longer pristine? 
Importer/exporters dont usually notice that kind of minutiae, I explored. 
Yeah, well, I might have done it again. 
Done what again? 
A wry smile appeared on Mikes full lips. 
Lied. I didnt realize you were a cop at the time
Ex-cop. 
Cop, she reiterated, smirking even wider. Im a private dick, not that you havent already guessed. Now why the BO? 
Giving myself a sniff under my arms, it was all good. 
Marge Danvers, my next door neighbor, came over this morning. Told me her dog had taken a chunk out of prowler last night. 
And? 
And she wanted to hire me to find out who was bitten. Shed seen this dark van parked in the neighborhood and thought that the two were connected. 
Interesting. I hope you took the money. 
Nope. 
Duhff! she exclaimed, hitting herself in her forehead. 
If youre done, I said, pausing. With no more smart remarks forthcoming, I continued. Anyway, when I returned home from the gym, I heard this scream. It sounded like it came from her backyard, so thats where I went. Found Marge holding her dogthe one that bit said prowler. Turns out, someone poisoned himsomeone that was listening to every word we said. He took off and I took off after him, but I lost him. 
You think it was revenge? For biting him? Seems slightly psycho to me, but then I dont sneak around in other peoples backyards after midnight. 
Could be revenge, but then it could be a lot of other things.
I told you that you were a cop. 
I chuckled; she had me. 
What about you? I asked. Ready to tell me what happened? I mean, what really happened? 
I suppose I deserve that. Its just I get used to lying. Kinda goes with the line of work Im in. You see, Im in Creston on a case. 
Really? 
Yup, really. A concerned Beverly Hills wife is wondering what her husband is really doing visiting Philadelphia. Hes a location scout for movies, and yes, he was legitimately here doing his job, but the movies been shelved and he keeps returning. She thinks hes having an affair. 
And is he? 
Yes, and it could be with Candice. 
Ouch. It was the only thing I could think of to say. Id been there and done that. 
Yup. Its why I started going to Glitter Girls, but I never expected to fall for her, Savage.
Are you sure, I mean, about the affair? As for the feelings, isnt it better to know before you get in too deep? 
Rubbing her hair, she slicked it back. Her torso coming forward, she rested her elbows on her legs. 
I am already, Savage. And, no, Im not sure. You see, there are a few other women that visit his room at Creston Arms Hotel. 
And Candice is one of them, I filled in. 
Yes, but she just started showing up. Im not sure whos doing what to whom, so I just keep clicking away. But, and this is a big but, she was upset this evening. She showed up a little early at the hotel this afternoon and saw one of the other chicks leaving. 
Thats why its important to be on time. What did she say? 
That hes a producer and that hes auditioning other girls for this part in an upcoming film. She wasnt sure whether to put it down to that, but I cant tell her that hes not a producer and that he is schtupping the two oclock ho. 
You know that? 
I do now and Ive got the pictures to prove it. Rented an apartment that looks right into this guys bedroom. 
Windows again. They were the devils work, no doubt. 
Yeah, thats awkward. You wouldnt know all that unless you were following him.
Exactly. And then Id have to admit that Im not the modeling agent Im pretending to be. I gave her a card and everything. 
Candice must have had some bad karma. Seemed everyone was lying to her.
What are you going to do? I queried. 
Watch his room like a hawk, document everything, and keep my mouth shut. The tension backed off. Her body went to being loosy goosy and ready for anything. Hey, thanks, Savage, she said, reaching forward and shaking my hand. 
For what?
For helping me. Now Ill help you by telling you three things. One: Take the damn job. Private dicking pays a hell of a lot more than youd earn at a regular job. Two: a dark van barreled past me when I was driving here. Turned onto Spring. 
Thats a couple of streets over, I said, mulling over that tidbit. And whats the third? 
That perfumes back. 
CHAPTER 6

With two cups of coffee under my belt and a night of thinking things over, I sauntered over to my neighborsa guilty conscience leading the way. 
You! Marge shot accusingly.  
Her tone made me feel like denying it was me darkening her doorstep. 
Hows Mooch? 
Alive, no thanks to you. 
Dont you think youre being a little harsh? I queried, letting my charm kick in. 
No. 
Well, I did ask. The door was only open enough to allow her to squeeze her face in the narrow vertical space. The penciled brows didnt do a thing for me, but one look in her intelligent eyes told me that it hadnt been appearance alone that once had suitors lined up around the block. Marge Danvers must have been something else. 
Ive decided to take you up on your offer, I ventured.
She chose to remain an open book, not even bothering to hide her surprise. Her hazel eyes widened, a bit of white showing all the way around. The door was suddenly ajar. A shaky Mooch appeared behind her loafered feet. The dog exhibited none of its usual friendliness. Instead, he eyed me suspiciously. Do dogs hold grudges? Id soon find out. 
I entered her lair. Id never seen the inside. The closest Id come was peeking through the slats of her vertical blinds. The only thing Id noticed was a lot of pink. A little of that color goes a long way. 
The furnishings were entirely appropriate for a Miami Beach retirement home, but I saved whatever opinions I had for when I became an expert on design. I was no one to talk. Before Ruthie entered my life, my place was a giant man cave replete with shag carpeting straight out of the 70s. It was my idea of luxury. 
I sat at the edge of a white sofa, wondering how the hell she kept it clean. A clump of Moochs black fur in the corner told me it was due to constant maintenance. 
Im glad youve come to your senses. That bad man might try again. Right, baby? Marge cooed. 
On cue, the little dog jumped onto my lap. How do they know? I scratched him behind his right ear. 
Im not sure about that, but better safe than sorry. 
Oh, therell be a next time. I should have known that youd change your mind. One thing a policeman loves is a mystery. 
Im not a  
I know what you are. As I said, I was in bankinga loan mortgager, to be exact. I learned to read people like a book. I could tell when they were lying, and I could read numbers, but sometimes, I lent the money even when someone couldnt afford the property. 
And why is that? 
Because they could have afforded it if they wanted it badly enough. Thats what America is all about. Going after things and making a success of yourself. However, drive is one thing you cant tell. So I took my calculated risks to all differing results. Some worked their butts off and enjoyed their new homes for as long as they wanted. Others failed, but nobody could say I didnt give them the opportunity to try. 
I was learning a lot about Marge. Moochie, too. He liked belly rubs. 
Have you thought about pricing? she asked. 
I hadnt. Why didnt I find that out from Mike?
Well, I took care of it, she gloated. Marge liked being righta little too much, if you asked me. The going rate for private detectives in this area is fifty an hour. Ill give you five hundred to start. Ten hours should be enough to find out something, dont you think?
I do, I said as I kept up the nail stroking of her dog. 
I do too. Ill expect you to report anything you find and, at the end of the ten hours, Ill decide whether to extend this investigation. Fair? 
Very. 
She stood. I tried to follow suit, but I had a lapful of cozy animal. She solved the problem by scooping Moochie up into her arms. 
Good, she stated as she walked to her purse. Wasting no time, she wrote me out a check that I was sure was good. 
Say, did you take Mooch out yet?
No. We got up a little late. 
Good. Id like to borrow him for a few days. 
Why on earth? she gasped. Youd have thought I was asking her to cut off an arm. 
Because if this wasnt revenge, then this guy wants the dog out of the picture. If he thinks Mooch is kaput, then I can find out why the hell hes skulking around your backyard. 
I do see, but you dont think hes after an old lady like me? 
Could be, but I doubt it. He wasnt close to the house, but well see. And dont worry. Ill make sure nothing happens to you. In the meantime, make sure your doors are locked and your curtains are shut. 
Will do, she replied as she deposited Moochie back into my waiting arms. 

CHAPTER 7

I spent the day making Mooch happy. Taking him for frequent walks, I centered them around Spring Street. I needed an excuse to be in the neighborhood and taking a dog out for a constitutional was perfect. I didnt find what I was after, but it was my first day. You gotta be reasonable. 
I also visited a pet supply company. I bought a leash and a few chew toys, and presented them to Marge. She made a grand spectacle of throwing them out in the trashcans placed at the curb. While she dabbed at her eyes, I hoped the prowler was that stupid. No pet owner thats emotionally attached to their dog cavalierly gets rid of their pets belongings the day after said pet is poisoned, but in life, staging beats smarts. And if done right, you override common sense and believe what you want, and there was no doubt that this character wanted Mooch dead. 
Of course, Marge came over fifteen or twenty times. Talk about separation anxiety, but I didnt put a damper on the annoying visits. The only way shed reassure herself that I didnt have Mooch in the oven with an apple in his mouth was by seeing that I had the four-legged furballs best interests at heart.
When evening came, I kept the lights in the living room low and got out my binoculars for later. I was going to have to get ones for night vision, but for now, this would do. Around 8:00, I headed to the gym. I was a couple hours early, but I wanted to be home by 10:00. I didnt want to miss any of the action. 
Sure enough, I made it home by 10:10. Mooch got off the couch to greet me and, for some reason, it felt good. I wasnt into these miniature breeds, but this little guy was all right. I took him out for a nightly constitutional. When I returned, I made myself a snack before turning on the TV and curling up next to Mooch. Mooch was named correctly. He eyed every mouthful I took, so I parceled out snacks from a box of doggie treats that Marge said were his favorite. 
The movie was good, but the next one wasnt. I surfed for a paid offering, but couldnt find anything that pushed my buttons, so I watched the marginally bad one anyway. Mooch was passed out and sawing zs, but I earned that fifty bucks an hour by getting up and peering through the slit in the curtains with my trusty binoculars. Nothing was doing. Around 1:00, I found myself getting sleepy. Since I planned on actually getting up early in the morning, I was having a hard time playing night owl. I had no sooner given in to sleep, than Moochs barking woke me up. 
Taking a moment to get my bearings, I soon realized that someone was walking up to my door. A soft knock assured me that my perception was accurate. Thank God the stupor caused by the slip into Sleepy Town was temporary. 
Hey, Mike, I welcomed while Mooch yipped and pranced around like his feet were touching hot coals. 
What the hell? Couldnt you have bought a whole dog? 
Hes not mine. Hes . 
Oh, hes the neighbors. But why is he here? 
Because if its not revenge, then the guy wants him out of the way. I ask, why would he want that? Answer: Because he wants to be in Marges backyard. 
And why would that be? Why not your yard? Its right next door to Marges, and you dont have  correction, you didnt have a dog. 
Thats the part I dont know. 
You sure hes not watching her? Staking out her place? Dogs dont like strangers coming in, do you, little fella? 
Okay, Mike was warming up to the canine so much that it scared me. Id never seen this side of her and it was worrisome to know she had a heart. Crouching down, she tossed a ball around the living room while Mooch tore after it. Doing this a few times, the little Pommie put on the brakes, jerking to a stop. Picking up his ears, he trotted to the patio doors, barking his little heart out. 
Hes there! she whispered. 
I grabbed my binoculars. As I tucked myself in the corner, I saw the scumbag creeping across her lawn. 
Whats he doing? she asked. 
Just walking. 
Towards where? 
Towards her house, but hes not going in, I answered. 
Hes not looking in either? 
Nope. Looks like hes using her yard to get to the street.
Wait a minute! Its Wymar and then Spring. Spring is the next street. It runs parallel and I saw him slipping between two houses and you saw him barreling down it. 
So the bastard is headed to Spring! Mike exclaimed as she sprinted towards the door. Im following him! You stay here and make sure hes going that way and not doubling back. 
Mike snuck out the back door. Making her way to the front, she knelt by her car. She timed it just right, waiting until the douchebag had crossed the street. Easing into her car, she started her engine, keeping her lights off. I came out of the house, cell phone in hand. When I couldnt see her taillights, I put in the call. 
What you got? she answered. 
Hes not doubling back. Do you have a visual? 
Not on him, just the van. Im on the corner of Spring and can see it up the street. Oh, wait! Mr. Dog Killer has arrived. What the hell does he have around his neck? A camera? Not for nothing, but this dude needs to go on a diet. Oops! 
What? What? I queried as Moochie wandered out the open door. I grabbed him before he got any further, but he wasnt intent on messing up the operation. A lover and not a fighter, he licked my face.
Nothing. He just passed by, so I had to duck down. Me going to follow bad guy now. See ya! 



CHAPTER 8

Mike was true to her word. She returned a half an hour later with an address in her hand. 
452 Tullis, I read out loud. I owe you one, Mike. 
Nah, were even. You stopped those meatheads from taking a poke at me. Could have ruined the natural contour of my nose and made it look more like yours.
We both took a hit of the coffee Id made while the miniature breed begged for another treat. Seemed half the box wasnt enough. I reached to the side of the couch, and drew out another. 
Just one more, but thats it for the night. 
He whined like he understood. It was enough reassurance for me. 
You said you took a look around. Whatd you see? I asked. The dog was already going back on his promise. 
Nothing crazy. Home seemed well kept, inside and out. Oh, and this is our guy. 
She handed me her cell. Itd been taken through the window, but it was good enough. 
Youre right. He does need to go on a diet. 
Yeah, hes almost as flabbola as you, she quipped, but I wouldnt let joshing get me down. 
I could have the guys at the station run a check. 
Good idea, but Ill do my own snooping. As youve probably guessed, Ive got everything set up at home. And I nearly forgot. I came by to tell you about Candice and that doofus from Cali.
Dont believe you mentioned his name. 
I didnt and its Lamprey. Joseph Lamprey. Anyway, she called me this afternoon. She said she swung by his place, which I knew already, since I had her on tape, entering his room. 
And? 
And he wanted to do an audition tape of her for the film. 
Which she did. 
Which she did not. Thats why this is important, she corrected. 
Okay, you got me with that one. Why didnt she take him up on his offer? 
Because it involved nudity and three-way action. He said the part she was up for called for it, and that the director was insisting on the audition tapeto make sure the actress they hired had no inhibitions. 
My, my, my. These directors  so demanding. 
Yeah, anyway, my Candy isnt as dumb as she looksand dont tell her I said that because Ill only deny it. 
Wouldnt dream of it. 
The point is that even she figured out full penetration is not a prerequisite for a starring role in a legitimate feature film. I was wondering why he closed the drapes. 
He did? 
Yeah, this guy and other chick came in and the curtains get closed. I thought maybe  
The action was for him. And it was  sort of. So Candy isnt having an affair after all. She was only trying to get a part in a film. 
Nope, she was boffing him. She admitted it right after she broke down crying. Wish I could have been there to comfort her, but I will tonight. 
Guess thats where youre headed after leaving here? 
Sure nuff. Course I paid the rat bastard back. Well, partially, anyway. 
You told his wife? 
Thats coming. For now, I bugged his room. His phone, cameras in the living room and bedroom. Imagine him thinking I was a maid. I mean, the uniform I borrowed didnt even fit. 
Mooch hadnt given up. Elevating the pitch of his whine, it was now damaging to eardrums and flying birds. 
Here. Knock yourself out, I said as I tossed a handful on the ground. 
Mike stretched out in the lounge chair I kept around for comfort. 
Yeah, I should be going. Want to catch Candices last set. What that girl can do upside down on a pole. Hey, whats this? 
Picking up a silver chain off an end table, she dangled the jewelry shed found next to her coffee cup. 
Its Ruths. It was the last gift Id given her before she died. And before you ask me what its doing on that table, I dont know. Last time I saw it was when I visited her at Bramley. She was wearing it.   
CHAPTER 9

Ruth, I murmured as I stretched out on my sheets.  
It wasnt her. It was only the wet tongue of a certain neighbors dog licking my face that woke me. 
Funny how I never gave where Mooch would sleep a second thought, but the canine made up for the earlier omission by following me up the stairs and hopping on the mattress. I should have realized that hed be used to cuddling at night. Marge was the type to sleep with her dog. I didnt want to be an ogre to a dog that had just been poisoned, so I complied with the arrangements, even going so far as to wrap my arm around the surprisingly soft girth. 
Why Mooch had chosen the first break of dawns early light to shower me with affection was strange. Why? Because it coincided with another event. Yup, another phone call. The blocked ID confirmed it was from the caller Id dubbed Dr. Shadows. The clown was back, wanting to pull another prank
What the hell do you want? 
It wasnt how I usually greeted callers, but I was in no mood for anyone or anybody calling my Ruthie a slut. 
I want Ruth to leave me alone, came the diabolical answer. He knew what buttons to push, and I took the bait. 
What? What does that mean? 
It means shes haunting me, Mr. Savage. Thats why Im making these calls. She wont leave me alone.
Dropping my head into my hand, I excoriated myself for even picking up. 
Its all right, Mr. Savage. You dont have to say anything. I know you know what Im talking about, but heres another clue. 
Oh, fuck! Now what was he going to do? Give me the initials of the person she was carrying on with? I wouldnt answer these calls anymore. I wouldnt. 
Ready? 
No. 
What was her favorite Greek mythological character? When you figure that out, youll understand more about her than you ever did before. Keep digging and you might discover her secret. 
Secret? Are you still talking about her having an affair?
Not even close. 
I listened to the dial tone. This jerks timing was impeccable. Its a nice touch to hang up just when you reach that dramatic arc. Tossing the phone to the side, I answered my own question as to why Mooch had woken me up. The Texas Two-Step he was performing pointed towards his bladder needing emptying. 
I slid on a pair of jeans, threw on a hoodie, and grabbed a leash. I went back for the phone. I needed to make a call of my own. 
* * * * *
Wolfie! I greeted, shaking my old colleagues hand. 
Savage! he gushed. Wolfie didnt gush often, so I guessed he was as glad as I was to renew old bonds. It was funny, but having a descriptive last name like Savage meant I never had to think up a nickname, but Rupert Jones did. Hence, Wolfie. 
Youre looking great, he lied. Patting my gut, I set the record straight. 
Not yet, but Im working on it. Joined a gym. 
No shit. Im glad youre coming around. You had me worried, but youve gotta give these things time. 
Wolfie would know. He and his wife Dottie lost a child to leukemia a few years ago. As to which of our tragedies was greater, they both sucked. They fell into the more than someone should have to bear category. 
Yup. It helps to have a motivation also. 
And whats yours? he asked, sipping from the glass of water the waitress at the trendy sandwich shop placed down. 
Finding out who killed Ruthie. 
Eyeing me over the rim, the burly African-American wiped at his lips with his pinky. 
Yeah, well, thats going to be tough. With the case going this cold and allwait a minute. Is that why you wanted to meet me for lunch? Do you think we held something back from you? 
Nope. Youd never do something like that. Youre true blue, Wolfie. 
Good. Im glad you know that, he replied as he glanced through the menu. I kinda was hoping this meeting had to do with reviving the poker games. Ill have the sirloin decker and coffee, he said to the waitress. 
The grilled chicken salad for me. Ranch will do fine. Oh, and a non-sweetened anything. Surprise me, I said with a smile to the sweet young thing taking our orders. With the ritual of making a selection out of the way, I picked up on the last thought. I take it that the regular sessions didnt continue? 
Nope. Ruths death knocked the wind out of all of our sails. She was one classy lady. We all knew what she meant to you. 
Thanks, I said, gulping down some diet cola. No, this isnt about the card games, although that might be a good idea. You see, Im sort of working on this case  
Case? Besides Ruths murder? 
Yes. This neighbors dog was poisoned. The owners pretty upset and offered to pay me if I had a look around. I could use the money, so why the hell not? 
Cant think of a reason in the world, he said, spreading the napkin on his lap. Our lunches served, we got to munching. 
Anyway, we got this address and I was wondering if you could run a check. Want to at least know who it is prowling in Marges backyard and leaving fatal treats for her dog. 
Marge? Not that woman with the red hair. The one that complained about our card game? 
Yes, its Mrs. Danvers, all right. And thank God she did, I replied, swallowing a bite. And her hair isnt all that red. 
Wolfie gave me one of his large-eyed double takes. He was quite the comedian. 
Okay, it isnt anymore. She used a drabber, I think. 
A what? 
Never mind. Ruth was trying to metrosexualize me. She gave me way too much information on womens beauty secrets. 
Gotcha. Dotties been trying that for years, only my hard head doesnt take to unnecessary details. But necessary ones are a different matter. For instance, whos we? 
This importer/exporter I go to the gym with. Mike happened to be over the other night when this creeper took another tour of Marges premises. She followed him and got the address. 
She? Mikes Michelle, I take it? 
Yes, but shes more Mike. 
So I can rule out any mutual lust developing? 
Affirmative. Lets just say that platonically, were two crazy kids. Isnt that enough? 
I suppose for now, he responded, taking another bite. Savage. Goddamn, its good to see you, buddy. 
And any day is a good one when it includes you, my friend. 



CHAPTER 10

I would have liked to head home, but there was one more pit stop to make. 
Curt! 
My mother was so happy to see me that she nearly hit her head on the rim of the oven. 
Careful, Mom. Wouldnt want to you knock yourself silly on my account. 
She ignored the droll aside. Pinching my face between her fingers, she covered it with kisses. For a second, I thought I was home with Mooch. 
Bill! she screamed out. Come see whos here! 
Dads home? I inquired. He hadnt missed a days work in over thirty years. I expected to see him carried in on a stretcher. That was what it would take for him to call in sicktotal incapacitation.
Thank God I had a few inches on my mother. Otherwise, my dad would never have been able to see menot with my mom playing boa constrictor. 
Son, he uttered, his bottom lip trembling. Had it been that long? Or had he been that worried? 
Connie wasnt done. She wouldnt be until I passed out from lack of oxygen. I gave her a hug back. I think that was what shed been waiting for because she eased off, that glazed look no longer frosting her light brown eyes. 
I went down the assembly line. My dad smacked me on my arm before diving in for a bear hug. I had to admit that the affection felt good. I didnt know why I was so reluctant to acknowledge that fact, other than I was too stubborn for my own good. 
Whos there? 
An older female voice rang out. The years showing on the terse query, the shrill vice sounded familiar. I cocked my head, trying to think who it could be. 
Its your aunt. Shes visiting from Cleveland. Thats why Bills home today. 
Damn, why didnt I call ahead? Not that I had anything against my dads older sister, but cheesh! Birdy could go on forever. Id just wanted to duck in and out and now I was in the precarious position of being snowed in by conversation. And where does a Patricia get a nickname like Birdy? Still, I couldnt reconcile the thin tone with the vibrant woman that used to dance on tables during family outings.  
Shes been sick, my mom added in a whisper. 
Are all moms clairvoyant? Mine is. Just from the look in my eyes, she could tell what I was thinking. 
Oh, I mumbled as I gave my dad another embrace. 
Better go say hello, he urged. 
Guess so, I answered, untangling my arms and pulling my shirt down. Wouldnt do to look unkempt. Especially since Birdy had a way of straightening things for you. Id beat her to that punch. 
I waded into deep water, making it to the sun porch where I suspected she was waiting, but I was taken aback by the frail presence. Yes, Id been told she was sick, but not so ill that shed lost half her body weight. And Aunt Birdy wasnt that big to begin with. To top things off, there was a walker by her side. 
I wondered why my mom had never told me, but then I remembered that shed tried to. Thered been more than one message mentioning Dads sister, but Id never called back to learn the details. Id been in so much pain, I never figured that others were suffering just as muchonly in their own way. 
Aunt Birdy, I greeted cheerfully. Its so good to see you. When I approached her, she reached her arms up and turned her face for a kiss, which I enthusiastically delivered. I hugged her for a while to make up for the months of ignoring her condition. I felt bad. Like a guy that takes away his daughters new puppy and leaves it at the pound out of spite. 
Curt. Im glad to see youre out and about, she commented with a smile. 
Shed aged. Being in poor health will do that to you. No longer the woman that looked ten years younger than her chronological age, she now appeared older than Methuselah. 
Thanks. Im sorry about not being there for you, Aunt Birdy. I really didnt know. 
Her eyes crinkled as my sentiments were assimilated. She wasnt one to hold a grudge, and she wasnt about to start now. 
Nonsense. You were going through your own travails. Besides, Im fine now. 
My mom and dad took chairs, entering into my pathetic conversation. So many ways to say youre sorry, and I had to pick the worst one. But at least she was gracious. 
Yes, you are, Pat, my mom chimed in. Bill and I are so happy you came to stay with us for a few days. 
Shes right, my dad agreed. Youll be back to yourself in no time. The worst is behind you, Patty. 
A slight twinkle appeared in her eyes before dwindling just as fast. I thought perhaps it was a sign they were right and not just saying things to make her happyalthough there was nothing wrong with that either. 
Curt, are you staying for supper? Theres plenty, my mom inquired. 
Yes, Id love you to. We could spend some time and chat, Birdy expounded as she took my hand. 
I didnt want to stay any more than Id wanted this family reunion, but what the hey? I remembered the lesson Id learned with Ruth in never taking anything for granted. 
Sure, Ill stay. 
Well, the skies opened and the revelries began. Conversation flowed for the entire afternoon. The barking of the neighbors dog reminded me of a short, four-legged bandit that needed to go walkies. 
If youll excuse me, I said, leaving the room. 
Retreating to the kitchen, I made a pit stop in the guest bathroom before putting in a call to cranky old Marge. 
Im already doing it! But Im letting him use your lawn! she yelled, puncturing at least one eardrum. She should be happy that I was concerned, but instead, daggers. 
Staying in the kitchen for a bit, I needed a breather. I certainly wasnt used to this much company, but I wasnt left alone for long. My dad wandered in. 
Your mom wanted me to check on the chicken. She hates it when it gets dried out. Taking the baster, he gave that sucker a bath in its own juices. It finally gave us the chance to really talk. 
Dad, Im sorry about not calling. I guessed it was my day for apologies. 
As he closed the oven door, he dispensed with the utensil by placing it on a ceramic dish. 
Its all right, son. I know what that girl meant to you. 
Before you knew it, wed taken chairs at the table; my dad sitting kitty-corner to me. He hadnt changed much, but then, Mom took good care of him. 
She was my life, Pops. I just wanted to crawl in a hole and hide. 
I can imagine. A girl like that  I could never have imagined something like that happening. Your mom and I were already planning on grandkids. Not that we were going to rush you, you understand. 
I understand. When I became engaged, I got a tiny glimpse into your world. I started thinking about things differently and that included having children and what theyd mean to me. Are you sorry it was just me? Am I a complete disappointment to you? 
The question came out of the blue. I didnt know if he was ready for it, but I wasnt. I regretted it leaving my lips. I wanted to reel it back in like fishing line, but there it was. My mom wouldnt have been that thrown. Women were used to having deep, emotional conversations, but men? We only grunted and asked questions that required monosyllabic replies. The only time we held lengthier discussions were when it concerned sports and inconsequentials. But never anything concerning the heart. 
My father was taking way too long to respond, while my mommy mom would have given a speech on the subject by now. 
His brown eyes quit doing that awkward dance. He stared at me, his tug at his cheek causing his lip to twitch. 
Son, its impossible for you to ever disappoint me. 
Okay, maybe its not necessary to use that many words to get points across. 
Thanks. Youve never disappointed me either. I told Ruthie that  that . I wanted to be just like you  as a husband, I stuttered as my lips started trembling,  and as a dad. 
There went the waterworks. If youve ever seen two men sitting at a table and crying, consider yourself lucky. It doesnt happen all that often. Well, not when alcohol isnt involved. 
We hugged each other for a few minutes, just getting it out. When we stopped, we refueled on water and picked up where the wheel came off the cart. 
So they still dont know anything? my dad asked.
Nope. Ive been placing ads. 
Ads? 
Yes, small penny ads offering a reward for information about what happened. 
How long have you been doing that? 
Since the police gave up. 
He sighed, drinking more liquid. He was a good man. One that didnt understand violence. I hoped hed stay that way.
Have you gotten any leads? 
There was that question. I wasnt going to lie. 
Not really, but someones been calling. This is just between you and me, though. 
So your mother ? 
No, I dont want Mom to know. Theres really nothing to know, anyway. This guy is probably a clown, but its worth a try. 
Yes, provided he doesnt just want the money. 
I thought the same thing, and, no, its not about the money. 
Youll tell me if anything changes. 
I promise, I replied. 
Speaking of money, do you need any? I know you werent working, and if you do, just tell me. 
Dad, you are like this perfect guy. Its so hard living up to what youve done with your life. 
Nonsense! He dismissed, swatting the air with his hand. 
Im serious. Your job, the houses you design  
You could have been an architect. You still could. 
No, I wouldnt be any good. Then theres your marriage. Youre both happy. I mean, really happy. Its going to be impossible to match that. 
Then dont, he advised. Just live your life on your own terms, Curt. Just be what you want to be and itll be fine. Besides, your marriage was taken away, wasnt it? You and Ruth would have lasted together. I could tell. You were good for her and she knew it. 
Do you think so? 
I know so. I was lukewarm about her in the beginning. You know that. She was so reserved on the outside, but that girl won me over. Seeing her with you, it had a surety to it. I was sorry to lose her. Theres a gap in my life, too. 
There you two are! my mom exclaimed, making an entrance. Immediately going to the oven, she put her mitt on and tested the chicken. Great job, Bill. Oh, thisll be so moist that itll melt in your mouth. 
She slipped off the glove, replacing it on the hook. 
Now are you two done in here? Aunt Birdy was asking about you. 
I met my dads eyes. 
Yup, Were good to go. 



CHAPTER 11

The next morning, I rifled through emails that Ruthie had written to me. Call me a bozo for doing so, but that phone call had stuck in my head like wet toilet paper to the heel of my shoe. Yeah, that had happened to me too, but incidents like that keep you humble. 
So who the hell was her favorite mythological character? Beat the hell out of me. As I clicked open email after email, I saw that she had thrown in references to Greek literature, but she did things like that. Unfortunately, none of the phrases came with footnotes. I should add that these werent quoted to flaunt her intelligence. It was more that she found these kinds of things interesting. Like some men who recite baseball statistics. But if there had been some deep-seated love affair with one of the deities, I didnt know. The gods and goddesses appeared to be mentioned in connection with her studies. Seemed one of Bramleys feet was planted in Athens. 
All the perusing of her writings got to me. Some contained such intimate utterings of affection that it would stop my heart if I let it, but none were giving me the ipso facto anonymousa answera. 
I poured another cup of coffee, munching down a salad that I made out of organic produce. Would this farmer market special set the high bar for the most nutritional content consumed since last year? Make that since birth and youd be getting warmer. Remembering that Ruthie liked to send non-virtual greeting cards for special occasions and to express whatever the cat on the front was captioned saying, I hopped on up the stairs like a bunny on a carrot high. 
I dug out a cardboard box that Id buried in the back of my closet and placed it on the bed. When I sorted through the correspondence, I found there was nothing at all mythologicalat least nothing that I could see. I lay back on the bed with the back of my hand resting on my forehead. My position must have resembled any one of thousands of stage actors taking their best shot at portraying Romeos dying scene. I can tell you that everyone that Id seen got it wrong. No one dies pretty. 
A black ball of fur came bounding in. Mooch had awoken from his fifty thousandth nap of the day. I wasnt quick enough to thwart the attack. Leaping onto my groin and then my chest, his paws went on either side of my neck. After he delivered the sloppiest kisses this side of the junior prom, I finally got a hold of the wiggle worms sides. Pressing him to my chest, I sat up, legs going into a lotus position. I kissed the top of his head, a glint of silver catching my eye. Id brought Ruthies necklace upstairs for safekeeping and so it would be next to me when I slept. 
Stretching over, I grabbed it, kissing the ornament.
Ruthie, if that call means anything, please tell me the name of your favorite character or put me in touch with someone that knows. 
Before you could say, I dont believe in the supernatural, the phone rang. Looking at it suspiciously, I froze. Rolling over to Ruthies side of the mattress, I was careful not to crush Mooch. Flattened dogs are only funny in cartoons. 
Hello, Curt. 
Becca? 
Even the hairs in my nose were standing on end. Beckanne Chalmers was Ruthies childhood friend. If anyone knew the answer to the riddle, it would be her. 
Surprised to hear from me? she asked. 
Of course. How have you been, Becca? 
Just fine. And you? 
Hobbling along, but at least Im moving. 
Laughing a bit, she sighed. Now, see, thats the reason I called. You really loved her, didnt you, Curt? 
More than my right arm, I assured her as Moochie started whining and I started petting him. 
I know you did. I saw those ads. Theyre from you, arent they? 
Guilty as charged. Someone knows something. 
I suppose, but  look, Im here in Creston for a couple of days. 
You stopped here? She was far too rich to be doing things like that.
Yes, my fianc is from Creston. He invited me to attend his parents twenty-fifth anniversary. 
A milestone. Cant miss that. 
No, I cant. I was wondering if youd like to meet for dinner. Catch up and talk a bit  about what were doing now and Ruthies murder. I still cant believe
The catch in her voice told me she was breaking down. I fully understood. 
Hey, its all right, Becca. I know how you feel. And as for dinner, Id love to. 
CHAPTER 12

I entered Margrites, feeling like hamburger left on the counter for five days. Ruthie had tried to make me feel more confident in frequenting chic places, but unlike her, I hadnt been born with a t-shirt that read Trust Fund Baby. I always felt too big, too clumsy, and too poor to be joining the bluebloods in their stomping grounds. It might have been one reason I always felt I wasnt good enough for Ruth. The other reason was that it was what everyone kept telling me. 
Becca, I said to the girl dressed in a gossamer dress. Seemingly woven out of spun silver, sparkling beads had been hand sewn at regular intervals. Each was individually knotted, and blame the TMI on the metrosexualization. 
Her red hair tumbled over her shoulders in pre-Raphaelite curls. The color framed her milky skin in a harlots red. Her eyes were green; the exact color of jade. Freckles dotted the bridge of her nose; you could just bet they dusted her willowy body. 
Curt, she replied, extending a manicured hand. Rising, she gave me a tepid embrace, not because she didnt like me, but because it would have seemed carnal to do more. 
    Smiling, I sat across from her. A waiter sprang into action, bringing over a tumbler full of cold water, my very own basket of fresh bread and soft butter, and a menu encased in a leather portfolio. 
Its good to see you, Becca. Seems like old times, but not quite. 
I know what you mean, she offered, pushing past my clumsy phrasing. Every single day theres something that reminds me of her. Even worse, theres something I see that she would like. A movie, a pair of shoes. I have the impulse to call her, but realize I cant. She dies every single day. 
Her cool exterior hid a lot. Another reminder never to judge a book by its cover. 
You too? Thought it was only me still hanging on. I even went through her old letters today. She mentioned something about a favorite Greek character, but I have no idea who she was talking about. Do you? 
Taking another sip of water, I hoped the cover story was good enough to warrant asking that question.
Greek character? Like in a book? 
I think she said mythological. 
Yes, I do remember now. It was Demeter. She loved the whole story of Persephone and how Demeter loved her daughter so much that she blighted the crops when she was abducted. She also was the goddess that the Rites of Elysian were devoted to. 
Demeter? Thanks. 
The conversation dying, we began slowly, chitchatting about the weather and whether low-carb diets were nutritionally sound. We were working up to why she really wanted to see me. She nibbled through the appetizer while I gorged. Our entres were served; the Beef Bourguignon earned one Michelin star all on its own. Munching away, there actually came a moment when my mouth was empty enough to throw out a question. Not knowing when another opportunity would come along, I went for it. 
Did your fianc know her? 
Fianc?
Her arched brow lifted to cosmetically altered proportions. It had hardly been a trick question. I lifted a bushy brow of my own. 
Im sorry, Curt. Before we go any further, there is no fianc. I just made him up. I dont know whyIm a terrible liar. Dropping her fork, she divulged more. Yes, I do know why. Its because I had to talk to you and needed an excuse. 
About what? I mean, Im assuming its about Ruthie, but  
Yes, its about Ruth. I dont know  maybe this was a bad idea. She looked around. I recognized the flight or fight syndrome. 
I placed my hand over hers. Trying to be conciliatory, I wanted to hear what was causing this much consternation. 
My touch did seem to calm the smooth lake that was Becca. I suddenly wondered how deep the water was. 
Look, I began. You dont know me all that well, but you were Ruths best friend, so she must have talked about me. If she did, then you know I dont go blabbing things out of school. So if you want to keep this entire conversation confidential, itll stay that way. If you dont trust your judgment, trust Ruthies. 
The green disappeared behind a veil of tears. Choking back more, she dabbed at the corners of her eyes with a napkin. 
Ruthies judgment. Thats the problem, she muttered. 
Why would you say that? Are you talking about choosing me? 
No, no, she countered. I dont mean that all. You were good for her. She told me that many times, and I saw it for myself. I guess its about trust. I have so many issues with trust, but I would like this to remain between us. I just wish there was some way of being sure you are what you appear to be. 
I am, Becca. What you see is what you get. 
Maybe in your case, but that aphorism is a fallacy. A lot of people that resemble the ones sitting around you have some insidious secrets hiding in their closets. 
Does this go back to why you dont trust people? 
Yes. Something happened to me as a child and it was done by someone that looked just like that man over there. I took a gander at the elegantly attired man with the salt and pepper hair, then refocused my attention back on Becca. Now Im not saying that particular man is capable of molesting a child; Im just saying he could be. 
 Im sorry. I had no idea. 
Then Ruthie never ?
No. Did you really think she would? 
I had to be sure. Shes the only person I ever told. 
Then you didnt go to the police? 
No. Hes dead. 
I see.
Besides, I only recently remembered. It was in my first year of college. I was studying and I had a flashback. Ruth and I were roommates, so I told her about it. After that, the images just kept coming. I thank God that she was in my life. She was so sympathetic and knew just the right things to say. It was like shed gone through it herself, but she hadnt. It was only because shed been through her own personal tragedy. 
Her sister, I said, knowing what Becca was referring to. 
Yes, Stella. She was a half-sister, you know. From her fathers first marriage. 
No, I didnt know, but I wouldnt expect her to parse those kinds of details. Family is family. Thats what she always used to say. 
She was right about thatand you. It took me a while to realize that you couldnt possibly have done it. 
You really thought I had? 
I wanted to believe it. Only because I wanted closure and for the uncertainty to go away. But the year since her death has convinced me of my first instinctyou couldnt have possibly had anything to do with her death, which brings me to the phone call, and coming here. 
I chewed slowly. She was reaching that creamy center. She pushed her half-emptied plate away. 
I know this is going to sound absurd, but I feel her around me lately. 
I slammed the glass Id been drinking from down. Becca too? This couldnt be possible. People didnt come back from graves. 
I know. The same thing is happening to me. 
Really? Her eyes popped open. She leaned forward with elbows on the table. Then Im not going crazy? 
If you are, Im going right along with you, I retorted. 
Im glad youre being so honest. She always said that about you. That you had integrity. I guess thats why its difficult to say the next part, but I have to. I think she wants you to know. I think shes pushing me to tell you. 
Not sure how to react, I kept silent. Only focused on what she had to say; the rest of the world melted away. 
Here goes. Please forgive me if this isnt true, Ruth, but, but  Im convinced that she was having an affair. 
 
CHAPTER 13

Talk about being hammered. Now two people were insinuating that Ruthie had been cheating on meor was it only one? Could Beckanne be Dr. Shadows? Driving home from my dinner with her, I tried my best to concentrate on the road, but this new wrinkle put a different spin on things.
If she was the anonymous caller, then why did she have to see me in person to say the same thing? It could be she wanted to see if Id divulge receiving her calls. Or perhaps it was to reinforce the idea. If one stranger said it, maybe Id dismiss it, but if she validated the contention, maybe Id jump all over it. And she did seem interested in the investigation. And shed admitted to seeing the ad. Perhaps she was moving me in what she considered the right direction, but it would only be right if what she alleged were true.  
My cell phone rang. Seeing it was Wolfie, I chanced a ticket. 
Hi, Wolfie. You got news for me? 
His name is Henry Wallace and he sings opera.
Using the code for hes a choir boy, it meant that Hank was clean. 
Why arent things ever easy? I queried. Why couldnt he have a wahoo full of priors on prowling, lurking, and poisoning dogs. 
Because then wed know who the bad guys are and life would be simple. If that were the case, they wouldnt need people like you and me to figure things out. 
I suppose youre right. 
You given any more thought to those card games? 
Is this because you want to get even? Itll never happen, Wolfie. Not while I have those extra four aces up my sleeve. Oh, gosh, did I say that?
My friend laughed in that lazy style he had. It made it seem that he wasnt rushing the enjoyment gained, but more lingering over a delicious meal. 
Maybe. And I stuffed a copy of what I found under your door. Im not about to chance using a computer either at work or at home. You can track anything on them and I dont want my big feet leaving prints leading to you. 
Hey, thanks. Sweetest thing you ever said to me, you big lummox. Now Im really going to get those games going again so I can clean your ass. Hope you and the Mrs. enjoy the poorhouse. 
I loved getting in the last word and I knew he hated when I did. Sounded like a win-win to me. Stepping on the gas a bit more than was necessary, I was anxious to get home and begin my job as night watchman. 
Dinner had run a little long, so I decided to forgo the treadmill for one night. Id get my exercise following Hank back to his digs. It would sure help to know what the hell he was up to, but you had to let investigations lead you to the answer. Wolfie assured me that answers opened like flowers, but then that was when his wife had gotten on a Zen kick. I had no idea how long the downward dog had lasted. 
Speaking of dogs, my borrowed one jumped all over me when I got home. After grabbing the manila envelope that had been shoved under the door, I picked up the rapscallion and planted my ass on the couch, scanning the pages that told me there was nada to go on with Wallace. Wolfie had summarized that fact pretty neatly, but stubborn ole me had to see for myself. Well, there was that one speeding ticket when he was a youth. Cant hang a nineteen-year-old for that. 
Deciding to live it up, I grabbed a chilled sports drink and had at it. Id already changed into jeans and a black turtleneck. Two could play the surreptitious game. I checked the outside frequently, making sure to use the binoculars. There was no sign of Hank. I was mostly relying on little Moochies sensitive radar to detect when he returned.
I spent the rest of the time on the computer, reading everything I could about Demeter. Following up on the Rites of Elysian, getting beaten in a cave sounded nothing more than fraternity hazing that would get you kicked out of a good college. As for Demeter, she was an earth mother. It kind of surprised me that Ruthie would identify with that trait. I remembered conversations wed had about having children and she wasnt too keen on the idea. She didnt rule it out, though. I put it down to her being involved in finishing her degree and becoming the psychologist she wanted to be. It was one of the many things I had loved about her. 
At one oclock, my cell rang. It was Mike, checking in. 
Hey, you bailed again, you asshole! she chided. 
No, Im getting in my workouts early because of my new gig. 
Oh, thats right. Im just concerned that youll turn into a fat pig again. Women dont like fat slobs. I should know. 
Yeah, and men dont like women with smart mouths. I should know. 
Touch, Bright Eyes! she replied. You always say just the right thing.
She was laughing her ass off. Didnt know what it was about Mike, but I loved to make her laugh. Think it was because shed had a tough time of it growing up. Although I didnt know the specifics, there were hints. That kind of hurt takes a while to go away. 
Just be glad you never had to wear crinolines, I taunted.  
Stop! Youre killing me, she responded as she dissolved into bigger chortles. Anyway, thought youd like to know that I got the skinny on our man. 
You mean Henry Arthur Wallace? I asked. 
Yup. 
You do work fast. 
Have to. I charge too much to make like a sloth. 
Ill bet you do, but Hank came back clean. Already got the report in my hand, I responded. 
Then your friend came through. 
Of course, but this didnt help much. 
Everything helps, you yutzo. You just need to see more pieces of what were dealing with. And hes been clean for a while, but there was that incident in his youth. 
What incident? You talking about the traffic ticket at nineteen? 
Nope. And it goes back to when he was fourteen. His parents lost custody. He was put in foster and something happened. He ended up in juvie, but his records are sealed. 
Thats not on the official version. 
You got to know where to look. For instance, did your colleague find out his mother was divorced? And the name of his stepfather? And then do cross searches on them? Thats what makes me special. 
And thats why we all love you. Now let me go back to gawking. 

CHAPTER 14

The next morning, I arose chipper and ready to start the day. After all, Dr. Shadows hadnt bombarded with me more guessing games, but at least I had the answer to his latest riddle.
I demolished some breakfast. It was the first time in quite a while that food accompanied my two cups of morning coffee. I rediscovered that it made quite a difference to have a buffer between the acidic liquid and your stomach lining. After I rinsed and stacked the dirty china in my dishwasher, I headed out with Moochie in tow. 
With the records Wolfie supplied not coming up with anything solid, it was time to find the only true source of what was going on in someones lifeneighbors. If you think investigative reporters are tough, you havent lived within a radius of people with nothing better to do than sticking their noses in your business. Try it sometime. Its a gas. 
As I strolled by 452 Tullis, Moochie gave me time to gaze at the quiet faade of the contemporary by peeing on the mailbox post. I didnt see any life stirring in the two-level home. Hank could be at work or just not doing jumping jacks in the front of his living room window. On a hunch, I opened the mailbox and peeked inside. It was as empty as my brain at this early hour. The carved owl secured to the top of the receptacle mocked my intuition. Cant always be right. 
I decided to do some legwork by looking to see if there was a gathering place worthy of attracting these suburbanites to its shores. After a few blocks, the effort paid off. There was a small park with about a kabillion kids and just as many dogs. I moseyed on in. While lots of new moms sat on benches shooting the breeze, I decided on the fenced-in section that was reserved for the canines. Id attract a lot less attention that way. 
Once inside the dog pen, I let Moochie off his chain. Youd have thought hed been tethered to a pole in the ground his entire life. The earnestness of his gallop made him airborne for a few seconds. That boy was flying. 
Cute dog, a brunette in a jogging outfit remarked. Reminds me of Marges. 
Christ! Never in a million years did I think that Marge visited hereand that was the problem. I should have considered it, but no damage done. 
Be careful, Skipper, I yelled to the dog, who had no idea I was addressing him. Turning to the woman who I hoped was no longer suspicious, I saw that calling Mooch by the wrong name had worked. Really? I continued. Well, its a popular breed. Im Curt, by the way. 
Alice, she said with a sort of smile. Be careful, Alice, that face of yours just might crack. Meeting my extended hand, she limply shook it. Did she think handshakes constituted infidelity? If she did, her husband must have been pretty restricted at work. Dont think Ive seen you here before. We dont get many men visiting in the daytime. 
I suppose you dont. And, yes, its my first time. Just got Moo  Skipper. Adopted him from a shelter.
A shelter? she spat, looking at me as if Id borrowed him from a neighbor. And here I thought lying about a good deed would win me brownie points. 
Yes, youd be surprised how many purebreds end up there. Got his papers and everything. 
That did it. She relaxed again. 
Which one is yours? I asked as she pointed out the bichon fris walking on its hind legs. Neat trick. Thought I was going to have to try to get Mooch to learn that one. Nice, I commented with a smile. 
Yes, Chloe is very clever. Where do you live, Curt? You seem familiar. 
On Waverly. Its a few blocks thataway. I was coming here to see Henry Wallace. Had an investment tip for me. Id be glad to share it with you, but he doesnt seem to be home. 
He doesnt work? 
I didnt ask. I thought hed said today at 10:30, but I forgot to write it down. I could be wrong. Dont suppose you know him? Just want to find out what kind of guy he is before I start emptying out bank accounts and transferring money. 
I dont know the name. Where does he live again? 
On Tullis. 452. 
Janice lives on Tullis. So does Roberta, and I think Eva. Theyre sitting right over there. I can keep an eye on Skipper. He does seem to be fitting right in. 
She was warming up. Probably because her horny female was all over Mooch. Talk about aggressive. I just hoped Mooch would put the love glove on before the fun and games got serious. 
Hello, ladies. My names Curt. 
Hi, Curt, the woman I guessed was Janice said. Thats a cute dog. Looks a lot like Marges.  
So Ive heard. The reason Im bothering you is that Alice said you might be acquainted with Hank Wallace.
Henry Wallace? the smallest of the three responded. Youd have thought I had garlic on my toast or something. 
Yes, and you are? 
Eva, she begrudgingly admitted. 
Im Janice and that is Roberta. 
The woman in the pink sweater was Janice. I was feeling better about my sixth sense. Lets see, she was married four times and Eva ran away from the circus. 
We all know him, Janice continued. What is it you want to know? 
May I? I asked, pointing to an empty spot on the bench. 
Of course, Janice answered as the other two continued to treat me to a frigid stare. 
Whether hes reliable. We met at a mutual friends and he offered to give me some stock tips. I went over to meet him this morning, but hes not home. Thought maybe I could save myself a lot of trouble in finding out if he pushed slush funds. 
Hes weird, Eva blurted. I dont know anything about his investment strategies, but hes strange  and rude. 
Eva, hes not rude. Hes just into things were not, Janice interjected. Eva wasnt having any of her friends excuses.
No, hes rude! Eva said, addressing me. Do you believe that he asked if Arthur and I swungand I dont mean from trees. All I did was invite him to an outdoor barbeque. What a disgusting man. 
Okay, I was with Ms. Prim and Proper on this one. Without passing judgments on lifestyles, it didnt seem the best of manners not to feel someone out before asking that kind of question under those circumstances. He could have waited until after the short ribs were served. 
I agree on that. Just seems socially inept and is probably used to dealing with like-minded individuals, Janice assessed. 
He gave Nicole a pretty hard time also, Eva remarked, adding more logs to the fire. 
Nicole? 
Nicole Harding. Think he stalked, excuse me, followed her around a few times. 
Janice squinted at the sarcasm directed at her. 
Oh, my goodness! Janice backtracked. I do agree with you on those points, Eva. I think hes creepy and I even told my kids to
I know who you are, Eva accused, unfurling a forefinger that had a pretty long nail attached. Youre the man who murdered his girlfriend, she growled, standing up. Ive got to go. 
Roberta took the cue from her accusatory friend. Walk a mile in my moccasins, sistah, but she wasnt done. 
You move into a good neighborhood and think youre safe. Guess you never know, Roberta philosophized. 
Eva, Roberta, Im shocked at both of you, Janice defended, keeping her voice to whisper so as not to be overheard. He was never even charged, let alone convicted. 
As if that matters, Roberta blasted. Gwen! Stella! Come here, now! 
Two fresh-faced kids came running from the direction of the swingset. Grabbing her childrens hands, Eva led them away as Roberta stuck by her side. 
I apologize for them, Curt. It must have been so hard losing the woman you loved. 
Janice got it right. 
Yes, and I appreciate the words. But you were saying something about your kids and Wallace? 
Yes, I dont let them play anywhere near his house. A group of kids had started congregating in his backyard. 
Why is that? 
Because he didnt mind his lawn being torn up and their mothers did. 
He does work, doesnt he? I thought he said he was in  I snapped my fingers, pretending to have forgotten.
Accounting, she filled in.
Exactly. Thats why I thought he would know some good tips. 
You may be right. He seems to be good at his job. 
Why do you say that? 
Well, he goes away a lot. Travels out of town to meet with clients. Think he left on another one this morning. Saw him with his suitcase. 
Do you happen to know where he works? 
No, I dont think I remember that. Or perhaps he didnt mention it. Im not sure. 
Either way, thanks a lot for the info. I think I will delve into the world of investing. I mean, who knows? He could put me onto the next big thing. 
Maybe. Well, if you need anything, let me know. My full name is Janice Armstrong. I live right across the street from Mr. Wallace. And the reaction of my two friends is why I tend to stick up for people, even when theyre not my cup of tea. I dont like judgmental. 
Giving a wave goodbye, it was time to collect Mooch from the clutches of a pint-sized dominatrix. 
Find out what you needed? Alice asked, still smiling at our dogs interplay. 
Yes, and thanks so much for watching Skip. Skipper! I screamed as I unlatched the door. How was I going to get his attention without using his name? I thought I knew. Come here, boy! I tried, crossing my fingers and hoping to God the universal trigger worked. 
Moochie turned, bounding for me. When I kneeled to put on his leash, he licked me all over the face for reuniting him with his favorite park. I kissed him back. After all, it had been good for me too. 
CHAPTER 15

For several days, there was no action on the Wallace front, but at least I knew what kind of neighbors $400,000 houses buy. 
I performed due diligence in checking out Hanks residence around 7 PM and at midnight every night. Tonight was no exception. I found no lights on and no pile-up of mail.  
I returned from my Neighborhood Hank Watch. Mooch was tuckered and so was I. I was already to conk out when a pounding at the door convinced me otherwise. 
It was Mike. She was wasted. Barely able to stand, she hit both shoulders against the doorframes before she staggered in. 
Fuck you, Savage, she mumbled. It was going to be a good time. I could tell. 
And a good evening to you, too, my friend. Been drinking much? 
When I helped her to the couch, she fell onto it, her legs sprawled out in a not very attractive mannernot that she cared. 
Howd you get here? 
Cab. Think Id drive in this condition? And dont avoid the point. 
Which is?
Where the hell have you been? 
I told you. Im working on a case and have to be here by 10:00. Its when the creep does his best creeping. 
Creep? Hes better than you, dude. At least he doesnt desert a friend and run off to an island to screw a married man. 
Catching on quickly that the commentary had nothing at all to do with me or Wallace, I passed on the fight bait dangled under my nose. I brought the subject back to Hank. 
Hanks a creep because thats how his neighbors describe himnot because of any opinion Ive formed, although if he did poison that dog  Letting that thought stream out into the atmosphere, I figured shed get my drift even in her impaired condition. Now why is Candice running away to an island? 
Howd you know I was talking about her? 
She was so wide-eyed, youd think I came up with the Theory of Relativity. 
Just a wild guess. 
Oh, she replied, collapsing back into a slumping position found in drug-shooting galleries. Yeah, that bitch Candice is going away with that tool. How can she do that, Savage? How? 
Here came the waterworks. At least she wasnt a mean drunk. 
I outta beat the shit outta both of them! And then that creep for trying to kill a dog! And then you for being such an asshole! 
Maybe I was a hair off in that earlier assessment. Michelle was back to weeping, and I was back to wondering why the hell Id opened up that door. 
Whyd the neighbors think Wallace is a creep, anyway? 
Segues are what drunks do best. 
Because he invited a nice neighbor lady to a lesson in open marriagehubby included. 
Men and their penises, she excoriated. 
What about you and Candice?
Yeah, thats right. Do you think the problem is being in love with a woman? I mean, I wouldnt be carrying on about a man two-timing me. 
Thats because youre not interested in men. 
Considering the force she used to hit herself in the forehead, I dont know how she managed to stay conscious.
Youre right! I should have said men and your penises and women and our vaginas. God, were all such a mess! Why dont we think logically about love? Why is it all about genitalia? I mean, if the Good Lord wanted us to only consider that, why did He make all these other parts? 
It was a valid point, but if we were going to consider that, wed have to figure out why He gave chickens anything other than drumsticks and breasts.  
Dont know, Mike. 
And why is it sharp as a pistol? Guns arent sharp. Knives, razors, even nails, but revolvers? 
She was back to crying again. About to go into the bathroom to retrieve some tissues, she solved the problem by using her shirtsleeve. Not to worry; itd wash out clean.
I hate Tahiti! she screamed. 
Is that where theyre going? 
Yes, but I hate it anyway! She blubbered like a kindergartner on his first day of school, so I fetched her a glass of water, filling the coffee pot with some Colombian beans while I was at it.
You ever been there?
No! she yelled. And I dont want to, either! 
I handed her the water. Guzzling it down, shed morphed into some mad, liquid-sucking entity. 
Guess the expenditure was approved? 
Yeah, Lampreys bitch wife wants to know whats going on, but doesnt she care that I have to watch? 
Hysterical, she buried her head in my pillows. My heart bled for her. Mike was good peeps. I hauled my ass over and sat down next to her, stroking her hair. 
Its all right, Mike. Youll get over this in about two or three hundred years. 
Go ahead and make jokes, Bright Eyes! Its my vagina thats breaking. 
We were back to discussing genitalia. I guess all roads led to Rome. 
Im just trying to make you feel better. Im even making coffee for you. 
You are? she said, coming around. Sitting up like a meerkat, she sniffed the air, collapsing into my arms. You are my friend, she extolled, patting my chest. 
I am indeed, Mike. Wish I could have been around when whatever happened happened. 
You know? she said, eyeing me through the eye not closed. 
That youve been through some heavy shit. Yup. 
It was awful. I was teased and pushed around ever since I could remember. One kid in particular. Of course, he had these friends and  how could I help what I am, Savage? How? 
You couldnt, I assured. 
Exactly! But every day, they were there after school. Pounding the shit out of me  and touching me. They said that Id learn to like it. 
Did you tell your parents? 
No. They said theyd hurt my cat, but they did, anyway. She went missing and I know it was them. 
That sucks, Mike. 
Yeah, but I havent gotten to the good part yet. When I was fourteen, they dragged me into the woods and had at me. Beat me up so bad that I wanted to die. 
So that was it. I cradled her head and let her cry.
Im so sorry, Mike. What the hell gets into people sometimes? Please tell me they were arrested? 
Yes, I told  and they were arrested, but not for long. Seems they dismissed it as kid stuff and they blamed me for picking a fight. Its why I became like this. I had two ways to go: down or up and I chose up. I figured if I became something that I could get back at them. 
And have you? 
Not yet. 
Im glad to hear you have a plan. Now Ill get you that coffee. 
Good. I could use a cup or  
Her eyes fluttering, she pushed herself off my shoulder. Her head settling into the pillows, she tucked up her legs. I knew what was coming so I helped by slipping off her shoes. I wondered if Mooch liked strong roast. 
I turned off the light, Moochie scampering to the foot of the stairs. 
Oh, and, Savage, she whispered.
What, Mike? 
Im glad that perfume is gone. 




CHAPTER 16

Ruth, I murmured as I snuggled up with Mooch. When youre asleep, you dont discern anything beyond soft. If something is soft, its interchangeable. Thats why I kept mistaking Moochies tongue for my dead fiances.  
The little dog was coating my face in doggie spittle. Even the beef jerky breath didnt yank me out of the fantasy. It was because the smell of bergamot was again circulating in the air. 
My eyes were yanked open by the ringtone of my phone. All I had time to do was mumble, Oh, no. A check of the time confirmed that Dr. Shadows had risen with the birds again. 
Demeter, I said upon answering the phone on the second ring. 
A chilling cackle was Dr. Shadows response. I didnt know if it sounded so ominous because of the voice synthesizer or because it was indeed malevolent. 
At least youre listening, but you need to dig deeper. 
Into what? The motherhood angle? The Rites of Elysian? Her being an earth goddess? 
 And you call yourself a detective. 
The fucktard had done it again. Hung up at the wrong time. Now I knew why women got so frustrated with premature ejaculation. Not that I hadnt figured out that one before this; its just that I was in denial. 
Was it that caller again? 
Mike was up and propped in my bedroom doorway. She didnt look bad, but Id seen pureed soft breads look better. 
Dr. Shadows? Yes. 
Is that what you call him? Or her, I suppose. 
Yup. Everything needs a name, Mike. Even Moochie here, dont ya, boy? I replied, giving up a little love. 
Youre including the dog in our conversation? Thats just nutso. You need to solve this case and fast. Doesnt he, Mooches? she responded as she began stroking his fur. 
I made no comment. I wanted to keep the head I had on my shoulders. 
Im making coffee, she said, sniffing the air. And Im not going to mention you know what being back, but it is. So what did Dr. Shadows want this time? 
Same shit. Wanted to talk about Demeter. 
Whos that? 
Ruthies favorite Greek goddessthat according to Becca, her best friend. 
You called her? 
No, she called me. Wanted to meet me for dinner to talk about something. Hey, do you mind? Id like to shower. 
Nope, I dont mind, she said, scooping up Moochie in her arms and hopping on the bed. 
So she wanted it like that, eh? I dropped my pajama bottoms and she didnt even flinch. She was a soldier, all right. I padded into my en suite and turned the faucet until the water was bitching hot. 
Dinner? she shouted. 
Oh, yeah! We had dinner and I asked her who Ruths favorite mythological character was. 
Why? 
Because Dr. Shadows told me it was important. Ruthie never mentioned anything like that, so I looked through our correspondence and hit another dead end. So when I got the call from Becca yesterday, I figured shed know. 
Isnt that a bit convenient? 
Yeah, I thought so too, I said as I rinsed off the last of the soapy residue. Opening the glass, I stepped out to find Mike planted on the rim of my tub. Mooch looked comfortable in her arms. Grabbing a towel, I hit the crescendo of my spiel. Especially since she told me the same thing dingo breath did. 
Which is? 
That Ruthie was having an affair. And why do I feel like Im back in my high school locker room? 
Hmmm, she replied, contemplating the new information. From her expression, the few seconds was the equivalent of waiting an hour before going in the water to swim. What do you think? Still convinced its not true?
Yes. And as youve hinted, Becca and Dr. Shadows may well be one and the same. I mean, the good doctor would have to be someone Im familiar with. If they werent, why the need for disguising their voice? 
Exactitude. Course, some people are just careful. You are recording these chats, arent you? 
Nope, I said as I looped the towel into the hamper for three points. Striding into the bedroom, I picked out a pair of drawers and made myself to home. 
Tidy whities? No, Savage, no! Its all wrong! 
Its the way it is, Mike. Im not gonna guild my lily. 
Leaning against the wall, she kissed Moochie, who responded in kind. 
Its just so weird. Why on earth would you need to know about Demeter? she asked.  
Question is, why I need to know more than the goddess name. Thats what I was advised this morning. Dig deeper. Thats a quote. 
I know this is obvious, but Im working on half cylinders. Was Ruthie in a sorority? 
I thought of that, but she wasnt. Im certain of that because the subject of sororities had come up. She told me she regretted not joining this one that pledged her. Said it would have greased the wheels in getting in with the right people after graduation. She didnt regret it that much, though. Her parents are loaded. All she would have had to do was ask them for an introduction. 
I see. Then the importance of Demeter is whats called a missing key. We fill in that blank and we can move one step up the ladder. 
We? 
Yes, we. Im your friend. And friends help each other solve grisly murders of loved ones. 
Sliding my last clean t-shirt over my head, I patted old Mike on her back. 
Tell me, Savage, what was Ruth like? 
The truth? I responded.
Of course.
She was a pain in the ass. I dont mean she was loud or anything. She was uber polite, but the most irritating woman I ever met.
Why?
Because her moods swung so dramatically that it was like dating twelve women. But the thing is that one of those women was the nicest, sweetest, smartest, most alluring woman Id ever met in my entire life. There was an innocence about her at those times. She was vulnerable and opened up to me, but I never knew when shed shut the door. But that one part of her was worth it. That was the Ruthie I loved. The rest I put up with so I could be with that angel. 
Thanks for that, Mike responded. I appreciate the honesty. Think we both like the complex.  
I think youre on to something there. And as for remembering, youre doing fine. Im surprised you remember anything from last night, considering the condition you were in. 
Dont remind me, she said, touching her forehead and wincing in pain from a headache that I was sure was driving her crazy. And that move you made, talking to the neighborspriceless. 
Coming from you, that opinion is prime time TV during sweeps. Youre all right, Mike, you really are. 
And you are, too. Still a little pasty, but okay. 


CHAPTER 17

With both Mike and Wallace gone, things were quiet, but Mooch filled in the dry spots. The black Pommie was becoming a regular at the doggy park. It gave him time to work off excess energy, and me the opportunity to snoop. Janice Armstrong and I bonded even more, and Alice was  well, Alice. Even Eva and Nicole were less surly. At least they werent treating me like an axe murderer, but how did they know for sure? 
I spent the rest of the time digging deeper into the legend of Demeter, but what I was looking for, I didnt know. In fact, I sort of resented that I was listening to a disembodied voice, especially since the outrageous accusation about Ruthie should have sent me in the opposite direction. In my heart, I questioned if I were being disloyal to the woman I loved, but then remembered that Becca alleged the same thing. I kept the theories of why that occurred down to two. Either she was indeed Dr. Shadows or Ruthie had been doing something secretive that her friend had mistaken for infidelity. 
I was partial to the last theory, almost positive that it was correct. It made sense because Ruthie was a private person. Therefore, it didnt surprise me that she held things back from her best friend. Our relationship was a perfect example of how Ruthie had behaved. It had been months before she let on that she was seeing me. Under different circumstances, it might have bothered me in, but with Ruth? It seemed entirely normal and I let it pass. 
Five days solved the problem of any loneliness. Mike was back in town and fit to be tied. I guess those telescopic lenses really work. Why I hadnt taken full advantage of my verbose friends absence was peculiar. It boiled down to my former personality, the one before the homicide, infecting my life in making a reappearance. I was back craving human companionship. Sorry, Mooch. 
I decided to celebrate the occasion of reclaiming old traits by reviving other habits. Impetuously inviting Wolfie to a game of kick ass poker on Friday night, I left the rest of the old gang out of things for the meantime. After all, I was easing back into things and not jumping in with both feet. To fill out the table, I asked Mike, but Marge somehow also managed to get invited along. With a sixty-plus-year-old woman in the mix, it promised to be exciting. 
With that event looming three days away, Mr. Wallace popped back in town. When I passed by his home, the garage door was open, and so were the blinds. I was back on the clock. 
That night, I was ready for him. Id bought real equipment and I took some photos of him kneeling in the bushes. The foliage covered up most of his activity, but I got good shots of him when he stood up. The cover boy pics could be his ticket to famenot. 
Mike interrupted the snapshot fest. Yelling for her to come in, my voice wouldnt travel through the patio doors. Moochs yapping never did. 
So that perv is back. Mike was starting right in.  
We dont know that for sure. For now, hes a common variety of creepy crawler. 
Whatever, she huffed. What the fuck is he doing? 
Have no idea. None. 
Hank had changed species. From crawling, hed gone to gazelle in performing wind sprints. He would disappear through the bushes, and a few seconds later, hed return. 
Why the hell does he keep doing that? Doesnt he have a treadmill? 
I dont, I replied.
Yeah, but you handle the lack of equipment better. Dont see you doing that in any of your neighbors yards. 
Wait, look at that, I whispered. 
Wallace bent over, picking up what looked like a laundry bag. Taking off, he was back a few seconds later, but this time, he didnt stop. 
Did you get all that? she asked. 
Sure did. 
Good, cause Im right behind him, Mike responded, dashing towards the door. 
Me, too, I agreed, joining in on the fun. 
We snuck outside. Hiding behind some shrubbery, we waited until hed crossed the road. Mike got in her car, while I followed on foot. After all, I knew where he was going. I made up for lost time. Having the foresight to take the damn camera with me, it clicked like a ticket taker in rush hour. 
I used an action setting. It resulted in capturing him tossing the bag into the back of his van. He wasted no time. He bolted around to the drivers seat. I took a series of photos of him driving away. Mikes car eased out, trailing behind at a perfect distance. 
With my part done, I headed home to put on a pot of coffee. Even without the caffeine, I was positive that Id be up half the night. This new spin of Hank engaging in running one-hundred-yard dashes was crazy, but then, apparently, so was Mr. Wallace. 

CHAPTER 18

Wolfie was the first to arrive. A case of beer in his hands, his mood reflected the momentous occasion. The Savage Poker Championships were back in business. The prize? Bragging rights. 
Hey, Savage. 
Hey, Wolfie. 
Placing domestic on the countertop, he rubbed his hands together in anticipation of taking me for every penny I had. 
Stakes the same? he queried. 
As they ever were. That means no car keys, mortgages, or life insurance policies allowed.
Shit! I needed a new ride, he lamented with a shrug. 
Officially off the wagon, I snapped open a brewski. While I enjoyed the taste, I was in control and no longer dependent on the alcohol to keep from jumping in the ocean and ending it all. 
While we wisecracked and told off-color jokes, he helped me with the snacks. We spread them out on a folding table. Nobody could say I skimped on eats. There were piping hot sliders, chips, dips, and salsa for the taking. And no questions would be asked about double dipping. We were all on the honor system. 
Mike arrived nexther guest in tow. While shed called earlier, asking if she could bring someone along, I was unprepared for it to be a girl straight out of the pages of Maxim. 
Candy, Savage. Savage, this is Candy, she introduced as she goosed my butt cheeks from behind. Can I see you for a momentoutside, she added, tugging me by my shirt through my door. Wolfie covered the manhandling by making nice-nice with the stunning cover girl. Mike hadnt been exaggerating about Candices good looks. 
I didnt tell you about the recent developments, Mike started. 
Evidently. I thought you and Candy were Kapootsville. Well, not Kapootsville, since you were never an item. 
Dont rub that in, but lots has happened between her and Lamprey. 
Like? 
Like he filmed her while on vacation. 
So did you, I countered.
Yeah, but she doesnt know that, and I didnt film her sex acts with him. 
But you would have. 
No doubt. The point is she found the hidden camera and she doesnt know what hes going to do with the video. She definitely didnt know he was filming, so it leaves open as to its purpose. 
Do you think this ties in with him wanting her to do that audition? Maybe hes just a freak that likes to view his conquests? 
Could be, but I promised Id dispose of it.
How you going to do that? 
Youll see, but right now, dont mention anything about our discussions. This is the first time youre seeing, hearing, and knowing anything about her. 
Got it. 

With the ground rules established, we went back inside. Candy and Wolfie had already claimed seats at the portable poker table. Rupert was giving her a primer on the card game we were about to play while Moochie was plied with a steady stream of nachos from both. 
I guess this is her first time playing poker? I whispered. 
Something like that, but she catches on fast.
Not with Lamprey, she didnt. 
That remark got me an elbow in the ribs, but it was worth it. Nothing like seeing Mike in full fury. We dug into the snacks, waiting for the final contestant in this first round of qualifications. Marge didnt disappoint. When she arrived in an AARP t-shirt, Moochie greeted her enthusiastically.  
In case we run dry, she quipped, adding her import to the growing pile of lager. 
As soon as we filled our plates, Candy did the honors of shuffling the deck and dealing out the first hand. I took an early lead in winnings, but Mike was catching up quicklytoo quickly, if you ask me. No one did, but I thought I would add that for the record. Marge was holding her own, doing a pretty good job of concealing any tells that would have given her hand away. It was the one weakness in Candys game. Clapping when dealt a stellar hand is never good. 
The chat turned from spotty to non-stop. Our loquacious bunch set a record in spitting out words. Eventually, the story of the mysterious Mr. Wallace spilled outas did printouts of the pictures I took last night. 
He was doing what? Wolfie asked, wanting the description to be repeated. 
Wind sprints or something, I reiterated as I raised the ante. Two tens had to count for something.
The sneaking around, I can understand, he answered. 
You can? Marge responded. Tell me because I dont. 
Sorry, I didnt mean that I know what hes doing. It just makes more sense not making any noise if youre trespassing, the cop explained. Retrieving another drink, he brought one back for Candy. Here you go, sweetie. 
 Thanks. She giggled, going back to focusing on her hand. Course we all knew it couldnt have been good since thered been no applause. 
He must be casing a house. Its the only thing that makes sense. Unless hes a Peeping Tom, I added. 
Could be playing commando. You know, like hes into his own fantasy game, Mike suggested. 
Not a bad guess, Wolfie remarked, letting loose an expletive as he lost another hand. Told you that a pair of tens deserved respect. You are the luckiest son of a bitch, he muttered. 
I am when Mike here isnt cheating, I retorted. 
Hey, hey, hey! Who you calling a cheat? she fired back. 
I have a theory, Candy slid in as she sipped on her beverage. Shed switched to diet coke at half past nine. 
On Mikes cheating? Tell us about it, I teased. 
No, not about Mike, she tittered, smoothing back a lock of her super shiny hair. Her blue eyes coquettishly blinking, her lashes looked like fans. Mike stuck out her tongue, grabbing another pot. She was cheating. I just knew she was. 
Then about what, sweetie? Wolfie inquired, shuffling in his inimitable style, which was to have the cards get loose and fly in all directions at least once. 
Hank. Thats what we were discussing. 
She was right. We had been doing just that. 
And what are your thoughts, Candice? I asked, using her proper name. 
Well, Im sure this has nothing to do with anything, but I used to live in this apartment on Bleecker Street. It had this really tiny window in the bathroom, right next to where I showered, she said, pausing for another swallow. Anyway, there was only one spot across the street where you could get a view, and this perv found it. He used to spend the whole night there until he discovered my schedule. Then hed just show up when I was showering or taking a bath. I found that out later. From a neighbor who used to see him on the sidewalk. Hed always wondered what the guy was watching. 
I slapped myself in my head. How stupid could I be? Of course, that would be the reason for remaining in one spot. I heard more cracks from palms hitting bare skin. Wolfie and Mike had the same reaction I did. 
Youre absolutely right, I exclaimed, grabbing at the photos. Maybe if I got in his position, I could figure out what hes been staring at. 
Great idea, Savage, Mike concurred, snatching the photos from me. Think you were standing right here when you took them, she said as she assumed approximately the same position. Wolfie moved next to her while Marge stood behind them, Moochie safely in her arms.  
I went outside, beginning to crouch in the area where I thought Hank was always stationed. 
A little to the left, Mike called out. 
And forward, Wolfie ordered as he compared me with Hank. 
Hes right, Mike continued. More, more, more, stop! 
A little to the right now and  perfect! Wolfie assured. 
He ran outside, squatting next to me and looking around. 
Whats that house? he queried. 
The Weissmans. But you can see it better from the street or even over there, I said, pointing. 
Yeah, but the question is what you cant see in the other places, he remarked, staying on point. 
Lets find out, I responded as I took a gander through my new spiffy binoculars. After taking in as much detail as I could, I moved a few feet to the side and looked again. 
What do you see? Mike called out. 
Its what I dont see. I cant see into that room on the second floor. Its the one all the way to the right. 
Second floor? Well, then, its got to be a bedroom, no? Wolfie queried. 
One would think, Mike answered. But it could be an office, bathroom, or even rec room. 
What about it, Marge? I asked. You ever been in the Weissmans house? 
Yes, she said, moving forward until she was framed by the patio doors. But I never went upstairs. 
Well just have to wait until a light comes on or until tomorrow morning when theres natural light to find out, I said, standing up. 
Wait, wait, wait! Wolfie objected. When does Hank show up? We should go by his schedule. It might tell us whats happening in that room that he wants to see. 
I guess around twelve, I answered 
No, he doesnt. It was about three in the morning when Moochie and I discovered him outside, Marge countered.
That was before, Marge. Hes been showing up right after midnight and hanging around for an hour or two. 
Really? Wolfie responded.
Yes, really, I confirmed. Is that important? 
Everythings important. You know that. 
I used to, but not anymore. 
So you think hes waiting for something to happen? Maybe when the lights go off and everybody goes beddy-bye? 
Perhaps. Right now, its about 11:30. There are no lights on, except for the ones in that downstairs room. 
Are we sure about that? Marge asked. We cant see the front of the house from back here. 
Good point. Ill check, Mike volunteered. 
She took off across the lawn. Only taking a minute to traverse the distance and return, she wasnt even breathing hard. Mikes an animal.
Nope, nothing on in the front. Just that one room, she reported. 
Uh, oh, somebodys just clicked on another upstairs light, Wolfie alerted, yanking the binoculars out of my hand. Moving to the other spot so he could get a better view, he told us what he could see. 
Its a man. Medium height, dark hair, glasses. Is that Mr. Weissman? 
Waiting until he handed them back, I checked out who was in the window.
Yes, thats Stan. 
Well, then, that would be the master bedroom, no? I mean, it is an overhead light going on. If he was checking on the kids, he stated, trying to piece things together logically. There are kids, arent there?  
Yes, three, I replied. And I guess it makes sense. Okay, for now, well assume that its the master bedroom. 
Lights going off. He could be going to bed or back downstairs. The lights are still on down there. Looks like the TV is on. Wish the damn curtains werent closed. 
We headed back inside, making all kinds of suppositions. Nobody knew anything, but it didnt stop anyone from having an opinion. 
You think hes stopping by tonight, Savage? Wolfie queried. 
Not with my lights blazing, the patio doors open, and fifteen people trampling my lawn, he isnt. 
Curt is right, Marge commented. Tonights a wash as far as Hanks concerned, but not for us. We can watch to see what is so fascinating. 
We sure as hell can, Wolfie agreed. Now whos going to help me move the table and food outside? 



CHAPTER 19

So what do we know? Mike queried. It was the next morning and shed started the ball rolling as she stretched out in the hammock with Mooch playing cuddle toy. My shady oak tree was preventing the sun from frying her fair Irish skin. Candy wouldnt like burnt Mike. 
Nothing. 
Aw, come on! Lets stop being so pessimistic, she reprimanded, not willing to actually sit up to scold me. Mooch was enjoying the rocking motion. Asleep on her stomach, the two were sharing a tender moment. 
I think well have to wait until Marge comes back before we can get a handle on things. I mean, other than the fact that the downstairs lights went out at 1:30, theres not much to go on, I assessed.
I guess youre right. You think old Margie is going to be able to get answers out of Weissman? 
Think old Margie can do about anything she sets her mind to doing. I mean, I am working on this case, arent I? And so are you. 
Mooch stirred. Rolling over onto his back, his legs were up in the air. Mikes eyes closed; her head waffled to the side. Getting up this morning had thrown Mike for a loop. 
My coffee cup was empty. I debated about refilling it, but thought better of it. Ruthie had been right about purchasing this outdoor set, after all. It was way more comfortable than folding chairs. In fact, the chaise lounge just might end up replacing my bed. I decided never to move from it, but the sound of the phone changed my mind. 
Pushing off, I ambled on into my abode. A glance at the caller ID told me that Dr. Shadows was late. 
What happened, jackass? You oversleep? I taunted, wondering if he had a glass jaw. 
Never mind about me. Did you do as I asked? 
You mean about spending all my time doing research on a goddess that liked pigs, but didnt mind them getting slaughtered? Sure didnt. 
Based on your answer, you need to go to Gable Hills. Talk to Piers and Dina. 
What makes you think theyll talk to me? 
 You loved their daughter and she loved you. Theyll talk. 
And if they dont tell me what I need to hear? 
Visit Ruths room. Goodbye. 
Well, at least this jerk was learning some manners. As I refilled my cup, Marge returned from her fact-finding mission. I put on another pot. 
Whats up, little momma? Mike greeted. Moochie jumped off her lap, sending the hammock into a frenzy, but the girl in the Dont Stop at StraightGo Gay! t-shirt hung onto the bucking bronco like a pro. 
Swinging her legs over the side, she was ready to listen to what Marge had to say. 
The bedroom on the far right is her daughters. Stans and Lindas bedroom is the one where we saw Stan. The two boys bedrooms are facing the street and cant even be seen from the backyard.  
Mike shot me a look, implying I should be able to glean something from this. I shrugged. 
So Hank isnt interested in the two boys, but why? I ventured. 
Well, if hes casing the joint to rob it, hed be interested in the schedule, Mike theorized. Remember that last night, Stan went to sleep around 11:30, and
Linda went to sleep at 1:30, Marge interjected. Turns out thats usual and why are you looking at me with your mouth open? Think Im too senile to figure out it might be important? 
Mike was caught. She wiggled off the hook. 
Not at all. Savage said youd forget. Shame on you, big guy. 
Im sorry. 
Choosing expediency, I apologized for nothing. Mike had nailed me to the wall again. 
Do the bedroom schedules change? I asked. 
Not according to Linda, Marge explained, but then I didnt twist her arm and stick probes into her brain. 
But you would have liked to? Mike teased. 
Hell, yeah! Under the circumstances, I want to know the whole truth.
How old are the kids? I inquired. 
Amy is six. Thomas and Mark are eight and ten, my neighbor replied. And whats with the coffee, Mr. Bad Host? You serve yourself and not me? 
Yeah, whats with that? Mike piled on. 
Swallowing a slightly nasty remark, I played Miss Manners. Retrieving a freshly brewed cup of coffee, I served my guest, but I couldnt resist taking a shot. 
The Weissmans caffeine not good enough for you? 
They didnt have any, Marge answered, gulping the fresh brew down. Theyre health freaks. Dont even let the kids eat sugar. Imagine. 
Tantamount to child abuse if you ask me, Mike grumbled. 
So Amy is six. You think she might wake up occasionally? Bad dreams or late-night bathroom calls? How about to have a snack? 
It would have to be a healthy one, Mike quipped. 
I didnt ask, Marge replied, but you may well be right. 
Could be there was a disruption. Because if there was, he has to make sure it isnt the norm. Hence, staying out here to make sure and taking pictures with a time stamp. 
My supposition finished, Mike took over. 
Yeah, and if it were Amy waking up for whatever reason, hed need to see her bedroom. She might even be on the computer or something. Doubt the parents would know, but
Thered be a light, wouldnt there? I responded. Yup. I think were dealing with a robbery in the making. And it isnt your house hes going to hit, Marge; its the Weissmans. Do they have expensive items? Anything you noticed? 
What dont they have? Marge retorted. Best of everything, as far I can judge, but whether its more than anyone else in the neighborhood, I couldnt say. 
But more than Savage? Mike taunted. 
Oh, hell, anyones got more this! Marge fired, waving her hand dismissively. 
I guess it means that Ill have to keep my eyes on the Weissmans and wait until he strikes, I concluded. In the meantime, Ill just continue taking Mooch for two walks in the eveningto make sure I know where Wallace is. No sense staying up all night if hes on another trip. 
Good idea, Savage, Mike commented as I snapped on Moochs leash. 
You got any more of that dip? Marge asked, already headed to my kitchen to find out. 
Yes, I answered. With my hand on the door, I turned back to the two ladies whod forgotten they were in my home. Already in the process of cleaning out my cupboards, they were helping themselves to my grub. My mind switched to finances in figuring out what their rampage would cost me. The calculations triggered an aside. 
Oh, and, Marge. My ten hours is up. 


CHAPTER 20

The morning constitutional yielded results; Hank had taken another powder. I wasnt sure how long hed be gone, but decided to take advantage of the opportunity. 
When I returned home, I found the two girls were still yakking it up. I bypassed getting involved in the chatter by retreating upstairs to make a call. Uncomfortable doesnt begin to cut it.  
The Warwick residence. 
Yes, Id like to speak to Piers, please. Its Curt. 
Curt? the stony voice asked. The butler must be playing a joke. 
Savage, Hans, I snapped. 
Dead air followed the revelation. Did he think someone would lie about being me? Hanging on way too long, I wondered if rich people were even home on Saturdays. They might be on their yacht or gambling their employees pensions away in Monaco.
Curtis? 
Yes, Piers. Its me.
A heavy exhalation following, Id bet he was sitting down. 
Its good to hear from you. You know, if you ever need anything, all you have to do is ask. 
I believed him. Ruthies father and I always had a connection. With Dina, it had taken a while, but not with the old man. 
Thats very kind, sir. Actually, I was wondering if I could stop by and see you. Maybe have dinner. 
Of course. Ill give you my secretarys number. Patricia handles my social calendar. 
He has someone handling his dinners? God, that is rich. 
Actually, I meant tonight. 
Tonight? Oh, I dont know if  he replied, mumbling something else that was unintelligible. You know what, Curt. Please forget what I said. Tonight will be fine. Say, around seven? Dina and I will be happy to clear our schedules for you. It has been a while. 
Darling, who is that and why are we clearing our schedules? You know, we owe the Mortons. They threw that party and weve yet to reciprocate. 
It was the matriarch in the background. Dina was wanting reasons as to why her husband was going rogue, and I didnt blame her. 
Seven it is, sir. 
I hung up before anyone changed their minds. After all, I just needed to see Ruthies room. Dr. Shadows orders. 
* * * * *
It was so like the Warwicks to have one of their cars waiting to pick me up at the airport. Although they owned stretch limos that could house a hot tub, they still only referred to them as cars, and not spas on wheels.
I made a little small talk with Tom for the first few miles. Itd been a while since Id seen him, and then there was the fact that I liked him. Thomas Ferry had been the Warwicks chauffeur since Ruthie was in diapers. I figured it must be a good gig to have him stick around that long. And it obviously paid enough. Since starting, hed gotten married and supported his wife and two children on the salary the Warwicks paid him. Yes, siree, there was something to be said for being satisfied. 
Hello, Curtis, Piers greeted. 
Id been left in his office to wait by the maid, Birgita. Shed acted as Sherpa guide, escorting me through the maze the Warwicks called home. She hadnt looked thrilled to see me, but then, she didnt get that nickname Berg by being warm and fuzzy. 
Hello, Piers. Its very kind of you to see me on such notice, I responded, rising and shaking his hand. He hadnt changed much, but then, I hadnt expected him to. His hair a little whiter, his complexion exhibited a healthy shade of tan. Of course, his color was courtesy of the golf course and not rub-on cream that stained shirt collars. He was taller than I was, but I never could figure out by how much. 
Nonsense! he blurted, going to his wet bar to fix drinks. It was a habit he hadat least with me. Not bothering to ask me what I wanted, he covered two ice cubes with whisky. Piers was quite the connoisseur. 
 The leather chair I occupied was entirely too comfortable. My butt sank into the cushioning as I took a sip. Funny how the surroundings were all too familiar. The Persian rug was an intricate affair. I wondered how many skilled hands it took to design. Then there were the built-in bookshelves on all four walls. Lined with classics and bestsellers, a fair amount were devoted to theories on economics. Id sometimes wondered if the books were sorted, and by what criteria. Name, subject, pomposity of words? And whose job was it to do? Maybe it was Birgitas. Maybe that was how shed gotten so mean.  
An old clock that looked to be an antique still held center stage of the ledge overlooking his desk. The carved bird held court, peering over Piers shoulder. The large eyes drilled into my cranium. The furniture was what youd expect. Heavy, the mahogany had been fashioned to last a century or two. No pieces requiring assembly would ever darken the Warwicks doorstep. Not that it was a bad thing; it was just a thing. 
I heard you were having problems, Curt. I suppose its to be expected. It was a shock. And the police, well, I always felt they were barking up the wrong tree. 
Thank you, sir. And, yes, I have to say that your daughters death packed quite a wallop, but Im recovering. Slowly. 
And this is part of the recovery? 
Yes, its perceptive of you to say, but then, Im not surprised. Youve always impressed the hell out of me, sir. 
Me? he responded with a faint chuckle. I had no idea. 
I dont know how you couldnt know. I mean, look at this. You did thisall by yourself. Its quite an achievement. 
Well, he commented, scratching one bushy brow. Its what people can do when they persevere. People quit too early. Give up on things. I dont quit. 
I let the statement alone. If I said something, Id give away too much about what I was up to. The respite allowed me the opportunity to drink some more of his fine liquor. 
Before we join Dina for dinner, I did want to let you know that I saw those ads, he stated. The ones about my daughter. 
You did? I replied.
Yes. And I think its a noble cause, but it is a mountain youre attempting to conquer. Youre not thinking of  well, investigating, are you? 
While not anticipating the question, I had been prepared for it by my stint at the police academy. I was inculcated to never tip my hand before the murderer is caught and in the can. After all, the killer was unidentified and still out there. If Piers knew what I was up to, he might let it slip to the one person I didnt want knowing. 
No, sir. I just felt I had to do something. I planned on passing any tip to the proper authorities. 
The ones that tried to screw me over, sir. 
Then you havent received any information?
None at all, sir. Only some prank calls. 
People actually do that sort of thing? he questioned. 
They do indeed. I stopped short of saying, at least in my world. It was hard to believe someone with a kabillion dollars would have time to dabble in making people miserable. 
Terrible, just terrible. Stretching up, I followed suit. His arm went around me. I missed the opportunity of him being a second dad. I could have learned a lot from him. He was that kind of man. 
His strong fingers dug into my shoulder as he gave a comforting hug. 
Now lets go find Dina. She hates it when Im late. 

 
CHAPTER 21

Its so nice to have you join us, Dina Warwick commented as she took her seat at the head of the dining room table. Shed chosen the smaller, more intimate chamber for the evening meal, but I was still feeling insignificant in comparison to its scope. Thank you, Petra, she said, acknowledging the server whod placed down our entrees. 
Thank you, Dina, I responded, getting my first sampling of the pea soup with lavender infusion. I gotta say, it was the best thing Id ever tasted in my life. This is delish. 
Dina inwardly chuckled. The reaction was minimalist, but then, everything was a subtlety with her and that included the way she dressed. For women like Dina, fur was reserved for lining coats and not for being displayed garishly. 
Yes, our new chef is most talented. Graham came highly recommended.
I imagined he did. Youd need quite the pedigree to get past the Warwicks requirements. 
I understand that you left your place of employment, she continued, her steely blue eyes on me. The elegance of her brow foreshadowed an intelligence lurking beneath that smooth skin. 
Yes, last year. 
And are you considering going back? I hear you were quite good at it. 
No need to ask who told her that. Ruthie was always there for me.
No, no. I decided to go in an entirely different direction. 
Really? And what direction would that be? Piers chimed in. 
Dog sitting. 
The Warwicks considered the remark by exchanging blank stares. 
And that . pays? 
Dina had to coax the question out, but it was there.
Yes, yes, it does. And its more dog servicing. Walking, grooming, boarding, obedience training. Im looking to expand into accessories and supplies. Youd be surprised what people will spend on their pets. 
Would I? she queried. I dont think the cost would be unexpected. I remember the bills Piers hunting dogs accumulated. There was always some new purchase needed to keep them happily retrieving. Then there was the man hired to take care of them. What was his name, dear? 
Travis, her husband responded. 
Of course, Travis. You remember those hounds, Piers? 
Yes, Dina. They were splendid companions. 
Yes, they were. Especially Rufus. Exceptional dog, that one. Followed Piers everywhere. Hed camp out in his study and wait until he got home just so he could bring him his slippers. 
Dina is right. There was never a more devoted dog. Thats why I dont keep any now. Its so hard to say goodbye. He paused. Whether to stifle a tear or two, Ill never know. I think youve made a wise move in getting out of police work. There is that financial ceiling, but entrepreneurship? Theres really no limit. 
No, sir, theres not. Then theres the freedom of not answering to superiorsnot that a hierarchy isnt needed, because it is. 
Quite right. Otherwise, theres chaos, Piers allowed. Pushing his plate away, he patted his lips with a linen napkin that had been supplied to all of us. I just didnt want to use mine. I felt guilty when I got them soiled. 
And how are your mother and father doing? Dina inquired. 
Fine. Theyre keeping busy and ask about you. 
Petra made another appearance. A man with her this time, he whisked the plates away while she served. Everything was precision in this household. It was like some giant Swiss movement kept time. 
A flash of lightning and rumble of thunder cast an auspicious shadow. Noticeable through the three walls of paned windows, both were unexpected. 
My, Piers. Did you hear that? 
I did indeed, my dear. 
I dont believe this was predicted, she remarked. 
It happens occasionally. These storms just crop up out of nowhere, he tacked on. 
I nodded, getting my first gander at the main course. The wine swapped out, I tasted the quail. Graham hit one out of the ballpark. The occasion was marked by another grumbling of the heavens. 
What were we discussing? she queried. Ah, yes, Connie and William. Im so glad to hear theyre doing well. Your parents are good people. You should be as proud of them as they are of you, Curtis. 
I dont know that they are, I muttered, wiping my lips for the first time with the pristine cloth. 
Nonsense. Of course, they are! Youre a fine young man. My daughter adored you and she wouldnt have done that if you werent worth the trouble. Then theres the way you treated her, dont think I didnt notice. You did everything you could to please her, and she could be difficult at times. But you? You handled everything like a true gentlemen. Not like some nefarios she brought home. They were gold diggers, out for money; but not you. None of us ever had a doubt. Isnt that right, dear? 
What my wife said is correct, Curt. We would have welcomed you into our family. The way you fell apart after her unfortunate death only tells us how much you cared. And dont think we didnt suffer, he assured me.
Yes, we just did it in our own way, Dina added. 
Well, it is personal, isnt it? Pain, I mean. And thank you for believing in me. I always felt you did. 
I wasnt sure, Dina confessed. Especially in the beginning. But when those horrid police went after you, well, even Piers hounds never missed a scent that badly. No, what they did was not right, but we felt bound not to say anything. With our, our, what would you say  standing in the community, it would have seemed as if we were trying to pressure them to stop. It wouldnt look right for Piers business connections to think we were influencing an active investigation. Especially one concerning our daughter. So we stayed out of it. 
But we were ready to jump in with legal counsel if things got out of hand, but they didnt. They spotted their mistake straight off, Piers asserted.
With another crack of lightning and thunder, a torrent of rain beat against the glass. The water coming down in sheets, it showed no signs of slowing up anytime soon. 
No, they didnt see anything, dear, Dina corrected. He had that alibi and thats what dissuaded them. You did, didnt you, Curtis? 
Yes, maam, I did. 
Right. Poker, wasnt it? Piers contributed. 
Exactly, I replied, not surprised that the conversation had veered towards Ruth. Id never really talked about her death with them. Yes, there were condolences exchanged, and words of sorrow, but that was it. 
Piers told me about the ads, Curtis. Its very kind of you to be looking. If the cost is too much, we could reimburse your expenditure. 
No, Dina, its what I want to do. 
Have you received any responses? she asked. God, Ruthie had favored her. I never noticed how much. 
Curt and I were just discussing that. I guess hes had no luck. 
Pity, but Im not surprised, Dina sighed. It was all so sordid and dark. Someone must have snapped. 
The last words were muttered in frustration. I understood. And while youd be hard pressed to think that I had something in common with these two, unfortunately, I did. Her name was Ruth. 
Might be, I responded. It could also be she was in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
I suppose her being murdered elsewhere didnt help, she theorized.
Murdering her in another location was why it was done, I supplied. Makes the police tracking down the killer that much more difficult.
But if thats true, then it wasnt someone snapping. It would be more along the lines of premeditation, Piers countered.
Anythings possible, sir. I just dont know.
Another course, cleared away. The rain was driving down harder. 
Petra, could you call the airport and see if flights are being cancelled? Dina urged, immediately turning to me. Im glad you came, Curtis. I dont know your reasons, but it feels right having this conversation now. 
I feel the same as my wife. Dina, Curtis mentioned he came here for closure and I think hes closer to achieving that. Its hard when the murderer is still out therewandering among us. Then theres Curts relationship with us. You werent sure what we were thinking about you, were you? 
I wasnt. I did speak to you, Dina. That one timeafter I was no longer a person of interest. I got the impression you were genuinely relieved, but you never know. There might have been doubt. 
There often is, Im sure, she sympathized as a molten chocolate cake was served along with a hot steaming cup of cappuccino. Its because people have ulterior motives. I suppose thats what I was trying to say earlier. That you seemed clear of these hidden agendas. Its why Piers and I took to you right away. We felt our daughter had made the right choice. 
Thank you. I think Ruthie and I did complement one another pretty well, 
The thunder and lightning didnt let up. The storm interrupted our meal with frighteningly close encounters with the harsher side of nature. 
Petra bowed before whispering into Dinas pearl adorned ear. The family matriarchs spine went even straighter as she nodded her head, dismissing the hired help. 
Im afraid they are delaying flights, Curtis. We cant send you out in this weather. I think it best if you stay. Ill have a room made up. 
Oh, no, I dont want to put you out. I could get a room somewhere, I argued as my fork broke through the outside layer, sending rivers of chocolate amassing on my plate. 
Nonsense. My wife is right. We certainly have the room. You can leave in the morning. 
Thats very kind of you both. 
Good. Ill have the Drake Room readied. 
A plan formulating, this downpour might be just the thing I needed to slide in that curveball. 
Actually, this is going to sound unusual, but I was wondering if I could perhaps stay in Ruths bedroom. 
Another set of glances were exchanged between the married pair. 
What on earth for? Dina blurted. 
I knew that it was going to sound strange, and it probably is, but Ive felt so guilty about her death. 
Why would you say that? Piers inquired. 
Because shed wanted me to drive up that weekend and I didnt. I should have gone, but Ive explained before about the double shifts. 
They both relaxed, digging back into their dessert. 
You cant allow yourself to think that way, Dina soothed. We simply dont know if that would have changed anything. 
Exactly. The only thing different may be that there were two victims instead of one. 
Piers words hung in the air like used gym socks. It was like that with death. Even if discussed, it exuded a bad odor. 
 Logically, I know youre both right, but I need to make amends. 
And you think staying in her room will help? Dina asked between sips of her coffee. 
I do. You see, Ill get to see her things and reconnect. I want to remembereverything. Once I do, I can apologize to her for letting her down. 
Dina placed her cup down, fidgeting with the white collar of her navy blue shirt. It was so sophisticated; just like the lady who wore it. 
I suppose there would be no harm. 
No, none, Piers agreed. And, Curtis, we do understand. 


CHAPTER 22

After an aperitif and more idle chatter, I retired to Ruths room. Escorted by both of her parents, they led me in a procession befitting the occasion. I didnt feel good about making up the fairytale, but the truth would have revealed too much about Dr. Shadows and my growing obsession with the mysterious caller. Besides, relating facts would have done no good because there were noneonly speculation. 
With a pat on my back from Piers huge hand, I was left alone. Sealed into my fiances former boudoir, I wondered what the hell I was doing. The Warwicks were good people; theyd given me Ruthie. It didnt seem right trespassing this way, but then, maybe Id revealed too much of myself in that first lie. The one about needing closure. I did need it. I just didnt know the source. 
The gray paint was the color Ruth wore on many occasions. While I thought shed look good in more vibrant hues, pastels and somber tones were the ones she most often wore. On the bed were a pair of silken pajamas and a robe. Holding them up, they appeared to be the right size. I wondered if Hans had donated them to the cause. 
I showered and changed before I began the rummaging process. I opened a few drawers, finding nothing of any importance. The drawers and closet were emptied as well. It seemed that Ruthies clothing had been disposed of. Only utilitarian items remained, and a fountain pen didnt lead me in any direction, and certainly didnt identify the muse that Ruth had found so compelling. I began snapping photos, using my cell. My memory aint all its cracked up to be. 
A jewelry box caught my eye. Opening it, I discovered the gifts I bought her right next to some pretty exorbitantly priced stuff. I fingered the trinkets that Id spent a few weeks salary on realizing how cheesy they were when put next to the real thing. I guessed that Ruthie really had loved me. What else but love could have prompted her to be so lavish in praise over the baubles? Shed only found them beautiful because of who gave them to her. Thats devotion. 
I debated about taking the chain holding half the heart. After all, I was the recipient of the matching hemisphere. It was a gift that Ruth had given me, but before I appropriated it, I figured Id ask. The Warwicks deserved as much. 
I took a pad out of the drawer and started writing down what I saw. I figured I could key the items into a search engine and see what came up. Almost done, I realized Id left Ruthies bookshelves alone. That was pretty lame, but I didnt think a book was what Dr. Shadows was referring to. I thought it would be a bare-breasted statue of a woman riding a pig or something. Yeah, picture Ruthie keeping that around. 
I jotted down the titles as quickly as I could. I yanked out the first book on mythology that I came to, and put it on the top of a bureau. I made my way down the rows, finding only one more that was on the subject of Greek gods and goddesses. A glance of the clock told me to lay low for a while. 
Shutting off the lights, I lay in bed, staring at the ceiling. The storm still howling outside, I was wondering why I wasnt feeling Ruthie around me. I mean, if she were trying to make contact, wouldnt her room be the perfect spot to do so? Lots of her energy in here, but there was nothing. Of course, the distorted branches of the trees swaying in the angry breeze was atmospheric as hell, and the moan of the wind was spooky, but it had nothing to do with the girl ripped from my arms. We would have been so happy. I just knew it. 
It wasnt hard to stay awake. Maybe Ruth wasnt revisiting me, but old memories sure were. I didnt need her perfume to recall what it felt like to hold that girl. Dina had hit on something when she said I did everything to make her daughter happy. I think thats how you can tell real love from that other thing that happens below the equator. 
With lust, its about fulfilling desire. With love, its about fulfilling someone elses desires. Me? I just sort of melted away. What remained was my nobler self; the knight in shining armor ready to do battle for the woman whose colors I wore. With Ruthie, it was periwinkle all the way. 
I placed a throw rug under the door and turned on a light. I nestled on that incredibly comfortable mattress, which was like something found in four-star hotels. I pulled the silk duvet up to my chin and began leafing through the first books pages. I skimmed the text. I was more looking for a notation or crimped page than reading the text. Those personal markings would identify Ruthies favorite goddess. While I should have been concentrating on those, I not only read the chapter devoted to Demeter, but went through the entire pantheon. If nothing else, I was thorough. 
Both books held nothing except some wild stories that had me yawning in no time. If Ruthie found any of it entertaining, more power to her for being so cerebrally inclined. Id much rather be reading Twain or Salinger. If theyre not intellectual enough for you, kiss my Mount Olympus. 
At three oclock, Id had it and decided to turn in. The bookshelves of Ruthies dad ran through my mind. Her collection looked miniscule compared to the walls of books downstairs. I was appreciative that Dr. Shadows hadnt said that the clue was in one of the tomes lining his shelves. If he or she had, Id be having to do rain dances for about ten years to get through all those pages. 
  
  CHAPTER 23

Ruthie caught up to me in my dreams. Her arm was wrapped around her friend Becca and there were tears in her eyes. She kept repeating that Becca was her sister, but it wasnt anything I didnt know. The two were close, but Ruthie looked so sad. Perhaps what Ruth was really expressing was how much she missed Becca. 
When the tribute to her friend ended, she whispered over and over that she loved me. The words caused my heart to feel such pain. I was forced to listen, and because I couldnt respond, I felt I was again letting her down. 
The rush of sunlight woke me out of the peculiar torture. Birgita was adjusting the curtains. It was the Warwicks quaint way of saying, Get the hell up. 
Hey, Birgita. Trust you slept well. 
Meeting my half-closed eyes with a hard stare, she rubbed her hands together before clasping them in front of her. If a definitive portrait of her were to be painted, that was the pose she should be in. 
Good morning, Mr. Savage. I didnt mean to wake you. 
Yeah, sure. And mad squirrels dont run up your pant legs if given half the chance. 
I was just dozing, Been up for hours, I responded. After all, one good falsehood deserves another. Birgita, I hope you dont mind me asking this, but you dont seem to like me very much. You never have, so I doubt it has to do with Ruthie
On the contrary, Mr. Savage. It has everything to do with her. 
I sat up, running my hand over my face. I needed to wake up a little more for this one. 
And might I ask what that means. I loved Ruth. You must know that. 
I know nothing of the sort. Anybody can say that they love someone, Mr. Savage, but few live up to their promise. 
How do you figure I didnt? 
You didnt look hard enough.
Birgita rushed out of the room; the morning chat was ended in the rustle of a starched skirt. I never even got the chance to ask my follow-up question, which would have been, What the hell makes you so squirrelly? 
With the housekeepers cryptic words tunneling a passage in my ears, I showered and dressed for breakfast. It was a pleasant enough affair, made even more special by Graham treating us to the way an egg souffl should be made. No more heavy talk about murder and dead fiances ruined the gathering. 
After discussing the ferocity of the storm and how beautiful the weather was that followed, we were on to sports. Who knew Dina kept up with baseball? 
With a second cup of coffee under my belt, I asked if either minded me taking the half a heart necklace with me. I threw in those two books for good measure because it was possible that I had missed something. Both gave me their blessings. 
Piers saw me off. Pawing me on the shoulder, he presented me with a job offerif I needed one. As he mumbled something about dog walking not being enough to pay my bills, I shook his hand and thanked him for the magnanimous gesture. 
I stretched out in the backseat. Thomas gave me the perfunctory hello as I settled in. I was knocked out from lack of sleep, but held a polite conversation for a few miles. The list of subjects that were safe to discuss was chewed and spit out. I napped for a while. At least until my ringtone sounded. Goddamned if it wasnt a blocked call. 
Hello? I answered, not sure if was a friend, foe, or telemarketer. 
Im glad you took my advice. Dr. Shadows was back.  
So you know? 
I do now, my antagonizer fired back. My, how the mind games were flowing this morning. 
Youre not clever, you know. And I still dont know what I was supposed to find. 
How could you find anything? The rooms been changed. Did you really think Ruth had gray walls? 
Periwinkle? I guessed.
Close enough. 
Then you do know the Warwicks. 
I knew Ruth. Better than you did, obviously. Its the only way to really know someones parents. 
Look, as much as Id love to trade sandwiches with no meat in them all day, youre admitting you sent me on a wild goose chase?
No, the good doctor responded. I wanted you there, but it was Piers Warwicks office I wanted you to look in. Youll find the clue there. 
But you told me to look in Ruths bedroom! I complained a little too loudly. Straightening up, I smiled at Tom, who raised the glass partition. He was the master of discretion. 
It was to test your levels of observation. If you want to know what happened, youre going to have to pay attention to things you discount. Before youre done, up will be down, and your faith will be shaken. 
More gobbledy gook? Can you talk in complete, coherent sentences for a change? Perhaps I could find out that way? 
No, youd never believe what I have to say. Thats why you have to find out for yourself. 
Great! Well, can you tell me exactly what I should be looking for in Piers office? 
No, but its hidden in plain sight. Everything is. 
Another wiggy ending with no goodbye. Dr. Shadows was back to bad habits. I fingered the two books next to me, wondering why Id even bothered. Maybe I could re-gift them for Christmas. With money tight, I made a mental note not to give them back to the Warwicks. 
The plane ride was uneventful, so I caught up on my beauty sleep. My car was waiting in the parking lot of the commuter train that started my journey. I drove at a moderate speed, but was home before noon. I found Mike passed out on my bed with Mooch cuddled in her arms. 
What? Poppa Bears mattress too hard for you? 
Bright Eyes! Back so soon?
I asked you to look after Mooch, not move in.
I decided to do a sleepover. From what Marge said, Moochie hates to sleep alone, dont you, Moochster?
Mike stuck out her chin, and the Pommies red tongue lapped at it like it was ice cream. That dog was friendly, all right. It made me wonder what the hell Hank did to provoke such a hostile reaction. After all, everybody and their mother knew that animals could tell when someone was up to no good. 
Did Moochie go out yet? 
First thing this morning, she said, rising out of bed and yawning. Took a dump in the backyard. Didnt get a chance to clean it up. 
Are those my pajamas? 
Sure, why? Theyre a little long, but then, Im not an orangutan. She peeled off my top, and I saw that she wore a wife beater underneath. Im going to take a shower and then put on the caffeine. I like that percolator, dude. Im going to get one, unless you give me yours.
Get your own damn thingamajiggies and leave mine the hell alone, I quipped, cuddling Moochie in my arms. And thanks for leaving the mess on the lawn. 
No problem, dude, she cheerily replied as she disappeared in the inner recesses of my private bath. At least, it used to be. 
  With Moochie on one end of the plaid leash, and me on the other, we set out for Tullis. Sure enough, Hank was back. Janice was in front of her homestead, so I gave her a wave. Always helps to stay on good terms with people. Especially when they live in proximity of your person of interest. 
Morning, Janice. 
Morning, Curt. Hey, Skipper! 
Mooch stared at her blankly and so did I until I remembered that Id given him an assumed identity. Kneeling, she started scratching him behind his ears and didnt he just eat that up?
When did Wallace get back? 
Last night. Dont know when. Must have been when I was sleeping. Say, she said, squinting up at me. With the sun in her eyes, she used her hand as a visor. Slowly rising, her balance was good. I wondered how shed do on a balance beam. Are you sure this is about investments? 
Youre sharp, Janice. No, its not about investments, and this is not Skipper . 
Its Mooch! she said, catching on. 
Yes. You see, somebody tried to poison him, and I saw Mr. Wallace in Mrs. Danvers backyard, I added, mixing in a little of this and a little of that. 
And you think
Well, it was after midnight. Not many people wander around Marges backyard at that hour. 
I had heard that Mooch died, and you suspect Wallace. 
Yes, but please do not say anything. I mean, to anyone. 
No, not a word. My, this does change things. 
I played a calculated risk. Wallace was pretty well ostracized from Janices circle of friends. Even if she did squeak, he wouldnt hear. Or I hoped he wouldnt. Then there was Janice, seeming so reliable. It was a police thing. I pegged her as someone that could keep her mouth shut. After all, Marge was like that also. If she wasnt tightlipped, Janice would know about Mooch being alive. Besides, there was no better way to earn someones loyalty than by telling them a secret. Kitchen wisdom courtesy of my mom. 
Thanks, Janice. Ill let you know if I find anything. 
Yes, please do. Henry Wallace, she muttered under her breath. I should have known. 




CHAPTER 24

Mike was in high spirits when I returned. She should have been. She was drinking out of that stein again. 
Suppose you ate me out of house and home. Should I even bother to look in the fridge and see what you left? Or should I just burn rubber in the direction of the nearest grocery store? 
Savage, you are a funny guy. Im talking, fun-nee. Taking her feet out of my slippers, she propped her legs up on my table, crossing them at the ankle. So what was the big rush to get away? 
Dr. Shadows suggested I visit the Warwicks.
Your fiances family? Why? 
The doctor said Id find more about Ruthies muse if I looked in her room. 
Hence the books you brought home, she remarked, taking a deep swallow. Well, dont give me that look! You left them out! I couldnt help but notice the titles! Cheesh! Returning to her coffee, I let her cool for a bit by starting a new brew. Bright Eyes, dont give me the silent treatment. Answer the damn question. 
Which was? 
Whether you found anything.
I joined her at the table. Mooch jumped into my lap, burrowing in. 
When did wild goose chases get you anything but time you cant get back? 
Too true, you yutz. Dont know why you didnt ask me. 
Dont know why I didnt either. And the good doctor let me know it was a mind game by calling me in my chauffeur-driven ride to the airport. 
Chauffeur-driven? Thats where I want to be. 
Getting this filmy look on her face thats usually only achieved by blurring the focus on a Pentax, the only thing that was missing was glitter raining down.
Youll get there, I assured her. 
Thanks, Savage. So what did Doctor Yutz have to say? 
That I should have looked in Piers office and not her room. 
But that bastard told you to look in her room! she boomed without aid of an amplifier. 
Yup, I concurred. 
Well, thats just messed up. Not right at all, she mumbled, drinking in more of my coffee. How the hell long does that stupid java machine take to finish perking? she mumbled under her breath. I left the question alone. After all, she should have figured out that one by now. 
What about you? I queried. Hows the Candy tape scandal going? 
I straightened that out. 
The noise cessation signaled I could satisfy my caffeine habit. I pulled down a mug and filled it to the brim. 
And how did you do that? I asked. 
By hacking into his computer. 
You can do that? 
Sure! I got all sorts of mad skills that you dont know about. And since you were gone and since I had some time on my hands last night, I used your computer to
Wait a minute, wait a minute! Back up that cart! You did what? I yelled, feeling the anger getting the better of me. 
She met the hostile outburst with a look of total disdain, but it gradually morphed into a shit-eating grin. Laughing hysterically, she brought her legs down as she leaned over and pinched my ribs. 
Got ya, Savage! she sputtered. 
You bitch, I retorted, giving into a few chuckles myself. I still had a ways to go before I could read her. Mooch celebrated her victory by switching laps. 
I hacked into it at my place. I have special programs and black hat stuff and  you dont want to know. 
Toasting her with my cup, I made gains on draining the hot beverage. 
But I did take a look at what I downloaded from Lampreys outdated piece of shit that he calls a computer, she continued. And that firewall he uses? More of an oatmeal defense. 
You kept copies? 
Sure did. There was some weird stuff going on. 
Her comment did not go by unnoticedeven to my sleep-deprived brain. 
Like what? 
Here; Ill show you. 
With Mooch under one arm, and the trough in the other, we made our way into the living room. 
Itll take a minute to get the connection. There! Okay, so heres some of the links. As you can see, they all specialize in adult entertainment. 
So hes into porno? What else is new? 
Yeah, but he seems to be the administrator of a lot of these sites. 
So hes a pornographer. Is it called that anymore? How about purveyor of hot sex? Adult entertainment is legal. 
Yes, it appears to be, but theres something there. 
Whats that mean? 
It means I dug a little deeper. Went through his files and found a few that featured what look to be underage girls. Heres one. Mike stopped the action. The girl did look to be in her pre-teens.
You know, you cant always tell. Yeah, she looks young, but 
But there are a few of these. So I started thinking, if I can hack into his computer, so could others. 
You lost me, I commented. I caffeinated more heavily to catch my brain up to speed. 
Didnt mean to, Savage. Im just thinking that he might be somewhat intelligent and figured out that it wasnt safe to keep anything more on his computer, thats all. Thats why Im checking for remote dump sites. 
Dump sites? 
Yeah, places where you can store things that you dont want to come back and haunt you. You can even use someone elses computer to do it, but its not nice and Santa will bypass your house on Christmas. 
Warning noted. I need that sled. 
I know you do, little buddy, she said, patting my hand. Mooch whimpered, commiserating with my plight. 
How long will that take? 
To go through everything? Well, it could be months or years, but luckily I have
Programs and mumbo jumbo. 
You do listen! she remarked, slapping my cheek enough to finally wake me up. 
So youre in the process, I responded, finally getting the last drop. I got up for a refill. You know, youre starting to sound like Dr. Shadows. 
Am I? 
Yes, I responded, carrying the refill of steaming hot liquid into the living room. But why? 
Why what? she responded. 
Why are you digging? With you, there always seems to be a trigger. 
Yeah? she replied, scratching her forehead in thought. Maybe it has something to do with Candy and Lamprey being back on. 
No. 
Yes, but not as an item. 
Then how? 
He called her apologizing for the taping. Said he wanted it to remember her by. He stated that he deleted it, she explained.
Which is a lie. You deleted it. 
Yes, but the lie will have to stand. I cant tell Candy about what I did. With her loyalties all twisted, Im not sure which way things are going to go. If she ends up in his camp, she doesnt need to know any information that could potentially harm me. 
Understood, I said as I took a few more sips. But you still havent told me what he wanted. 
He offered her a job. Said its a modeling gig, but its overseas. I checked it out, and the job is listed under a talent agency, but I dont know. My gut is saying its all wrong. I mean, Candys all alone. Shes the perfect target. 
Shes also drop dead gorgeous and probably very right for that kind of work. Are you sure jealousy isnt playing into this? 
It might be, she admitted, throwing a toy for Mooch to retrieve. Anyway, I didnt let on that Im worried. Instead, I told her that because of my import/export business, that I might be in Tokyo. 
Which is where the job is? 
Which is where the job is supposed to be. So shes staying in touch with me. 
Good call. Never hurts to be careful. On my side of things, Hank is back. Think Ill take a nap to make up for lost sleep. 
Yeah, I was surprised when you called and said you were spending the night. Its hard sleeping in a new place. 
No, it wasnt that. Its just
She reached over, grabbing my hand. 
I know what you mean, Savage. But youll get him. Theres no such thing as unsolvable. 
You think? 
I know so. Youll see. 



CHAPTER 25

It was just me and Mooch. Oh, and The Creeper. It was the nickname Id given Wallace. Back on his strict schedule of making my life miserable, he was in the backyardat 2 AM, this time, but I was ready. As I filmed him, he was unaware that he was about to become famous. Well, he would be if a video of someone squatting in the bushes for an hour was something the viewers on Youtube got off on. I was banking on it going viral. 
A cursory knock on the door was enough for Mike. She walked in without waiting for an invitation. Why didnt I use that lock? 
Hey, whats shaking? she asked as Mooch sailed in her arms. I swear that dog was part frog. 
Just The Creeper. Youre a little late? 
Said goodbye to Candy. Tonight was her last night at the club. 
I see. Thought you might be keeping the same schedule as Hank. 
He just get here?
Yup. According to my calculations, it was in time to see Linda turn off the lights. 
Maybe I should bring my camera. I could set it up so that we could keep an eye on the house. See if the schedule is adhered to. I mean, I know thats what Marge said, but it was an informal chat. Linda wouldnt go into details. 
A valid point, I agreed. 
Another, louder knock on my door got my attention. This time it was Wolfie breaking and entering. I made a note to get rid of the welcome mat. 
What in Gods name are you doing here? I shot. 
And hello to you, too. Worked a late shift and couldnt resist. Is he back? he inquired, looking over my shoulder through the crack in the curtain. 
The Creeper? Yup, hes there. Either taking a leak or getting a gander. 
The Creeper, huh? Good name for him. Of course, you could let the police handle this. 
And miss all the fun? Mike challenged. Back from the kitchen, she had the stein in her hand. Id have to stock up. 
That looks like a good idea, Wolfie remarked. 
The thing about calling you, Wolfie, I said, chiming in, is that we have nothing to say. Yeah, theres the fact hes in Marges backyard, but so what? There are fifty million excuses he could use for doing something so crazy. The fact that he lives close by doesnt help. 
But we have pictures and eyewitnesses to the fact  Wolfie stopped, working out the rest for himself. Of course, then you, Mike, and Marge would be pulled into this, and none of you would probably want that. And even if you didnt mind, we still wouldnt know what he was planning, would we? After all, he could say he was doing research on a book. 
Exactly, Mike responded. We all want to make sure he goes down for something big. It does point to burglary. Hes in sync with the Weissmans schedule. He shows up when Linda turns in. 
So tonights session just got started? Wolfie inquired. 
Yup, I answered.
And hes following the schedule . waiting for Linda to go to bed. 
I guess.
How long did you say this has been going on? 
Has to be recent. Mooch didnt alert Marge before a couple of weeks ago. 
Hmmmm. Well, it means something made him think this was a good idea, Wolfie remarked. 
Something about the mystical way he phrased that statement made the light bulb go on. What in Gods green earth was wrong with me? 
Duh! I blurted, hitting myself on the side of my head. 
Hey, dont shift the camera, Mike cautioned. I took note of the warning, fitting it into the tripod. 
I dont know why I didnt think of this earlier, but what you said isnt necessarily true, I retorted. 
Come again? Wolfie prompted, slugging down more caffeine. 
Yeah, I have no idea what youre babbling about either, Mike tacked on. 
Always the diplomat, I observed. Look, were concentrating on the Weissmans schedule, but it was my schedule that changed! I was staying up all night, and my lights were blazing. It was only a couple of weeks ago that I divorced myself from the nocturnal brotherhood of the dead and started going to sleep early. 
Mike and Wolfie exchanged glances before Mike attacked me, slapping both sides of my face.
Youre a fucking genius, Bright Eyes! Imagine someone as dull as you thinking that up! 
Shes right. You are still the man. I confess it didnt even occur to me, but you are so goddamned right that it hurts, Wolfie bolstered. This all could mean that hed wanted to do what hes now doing for a long time, but couldnt. Savage unwittingly put the spanner in the works. 
The what in the who? Mike pressed.
The cell phone in the toilet, I offered. You know, the monkey wrench thats screwing everything up. 
You could have just said so, she chastised. The rebuke caused Wolfie to look unnaturally ashamed. His hand went to one of the books I brought home. 
Greek mythology? You interested in that stuff? he asked. 
He is now, Mike intervened. 
No accounting for taste, he said, standing and taking one last swallow of the fresh java. But I do like the perfume someones wearing. 
It was back. 

CHAPTER 26

Another morning, another phone call, but this was going to be the last one. Pushing Mooch out of the way, I picked up. 
What the hell do you want, you asshole? 
 My, such anger! Hearing you like this, it would convince anyone you were capable of the violence you were accused of. 
I was never accused, unless thats what youre doing! Ive had enough of this
I know youre innocent, Mr. Savage. Thats why proof is on the way. Itll confirm that what I say is true and that youve been living in a fools paradise. 
I tossed the phone to the side. It rang again, but I ignored the call from my mom. God, she was a trooper! I supposed all parents were when keeping in touch with errant children. 
I showered and changed into a broken down pair of jeans. Maybe I could buy another pair when Marge paid her new bill. I took Moochie for his morning constitutional. Hank appeared to be hasta la vista from his hacienda, but all signs were that he was returning. 
I came back, checking my mailbox as a family of squirrels regarded me from a safe distance. They had their tails trailing up their backs and over the tops of their heads in some Mohawk-style hairdo. Why did they look cute to me? It must have been that my mood was lightening. Only last month, I would have chased them away.  
I unlatched the cylinder, eyeing the design painted on the side and wondering why we all picked birds to decorate our message receptacle. Id opted for a blue jay motif. After all, curb appeal is everything. 
I had mailand not the electronic kind. Even though most of the things I bought were paid for online, I did insist on paper receipts, and not just the statements sent through email. Call me old-fashioned, but I needed something in my hand to confirm the business transaction. 
As I strolled to the house, I shuffled through this mornings fare, a slightly larger white envelope winning first place in the Capturing My Attention Sweepstakes. Putting it to the forefront, I let Moochie off his new spiffy leash as soon as I entered the kitchen. Pouring water, I plugged the percolator in and returned back to the table where Id thrown the mail. 
I sat down, immediately snatching up the piece that intrigued me. With no return address on it, it piqued my interest even more. As I peeled back the flap, I discovered that two pieces of cardboard kept an item safe from harm. I dug in, separating the thick pieces. It was a photograph. Not just any old one, it was one of Ruth. Lying on a bed, she was naked. Provocatively posed, her eyes were half-closed. She looked like a starlet about to seduce the producer so she could land the leading role and become a star. 
My stomach turned, my insides reduced to jelly. Dr. Shadows had struck again. But while it was proof, there was no proof of when it was taken. Yes, she was in her twenties, but it might have been before I met her. My eyes caught sight of something. I needed to make sure. 
Running to a catchall drawer, I foraged around, withdrawing a magnifying glass. Bringing it to the table, I scrutinized the object around her neck. It was the necklace Id given herthe one Mike had found on the table. 
Talk about being kicked in the testicles. On cue, Mike walked in. 
Hey, Brigh As soon as she got a gander at me, her comment broke off in midstream. I was not a pretty sight. What the hell happened to you? 
Collapsed on the tabletop, all I could do was utter unintelligible sounds. I really had been knocked for a loop. Good one, Dr. Shadows. 
Evidently, there was an invisible string going from my eyes to the evidence before me. Mike was quick to put two and two together. 
May I? she asked as she dragged the photo to her. She studied it for a few moments, perhaps searching for something to say. Ruth? she settled on.
I nodded, running my fingers through the choppy hair that I still hadnt gotten fixed. 
Did you take this? 
I shook my head no. It was the only way I was going to get through this. I felt so much like screaming. I pushed the envelope towards her. 
Oh, I see. Sent to you, huh? No address. Do you know who? 
Nodding, I got my two words out. 
Dr. Shadows. 
That shithead, she summarized nicely. Maybe it was before you two were . 
No. Here; take this, I responded, handing her the magnifying glass. The necklace shes wearing is something I gave to her. I ran up the stairs, returning with the incriminating evidence. I poured myself some coffee, the shaking causing me to spill some on the counter. 
Taking her eyes from the photo, she fingered the charm dangling from the box link chain. 
A knock on the door alerted me to having another visitor. Before I could yell out, Im not home, Marge entered. Mike didnt need any prompting, Stuffing the photo in the envelope, she covered the offensive, explicit material with the mundane paid bills. 
Hi, Mike, Curt, Marge greeted. Mind if I? she asked, pointing to the coffee maker. 
Knock yourself out, I answered as Mooch starting doing a happy dance around the stylishly dressed woman. 
Something wrong? she pried, her eyes roaming between Mike and me. 
Nope, just this case. Its getting to me, I responded. 
Good, cause thats what I came about. I got an interesting tidbit for you. 
Shoot, I replied, really meaning it this time. I would have welcomed a blast from a twelve-gauge shotgun hurtling towards one of my vital organs right about now. 
Well, I went over to see Linda again. She saw me in the backyard, and invited me over. 
Hence, your needing a dose of coffee, Mike theorized.
Exactly. Who the hell serves herb tea for breakfast? Anyway, the kids were up and around. I got to talking to them and Thomas mentioned hed been sick. Mark and Amy said they were too. 
And? Mike inquired as she started to fill her favorite mug that really wasnt. 
And, Im glad it was me over there instead of you two hotshots because I at least followed up with Linda. I asked when it was that they were sick and she said it started a couple of weeks ago, but that one got sick right after the other and that she and her husband were up
All night, I finished. Marge, you are brilliant. Thats why The Creeper didnt know the schedule. It had been thrown off by the kids getting sick. 
Mike high fived me while Marge gave me a know-it-all grin. 
Now you gonna tell me whats wrong? Marge quipped, sitting down at the table. Its not these bills, is it? she said, her fingers picking through them. 
Mike solved the problem by yanking the receipts away and concocting a lie. 
The problem is Candy. Shes gone to Japan. Modeling assignment. Im kinda bummed and Savage was commiserating. 
I see, my next-door neighbor replied, spotting the necklace. Isnt that Ruths? I seem to remember her wearing it. I nodded. Well, you better put this away before you lose it. 
I think youre right, I said, pocketing it. 
Oh, and this is for you, she added, shoving a check into my hand. Full payment up to now. 
You do want me to continue, dont you? I asked. 
Hell, yes! she exclaimed as she embraced Moochie. I want that guys nuts toasted over an open flame for what he did to my Mooches. Dont I, babykins? 
When she leaned down, Moochie covered her face in the kind of wet kisses that dogs did best. 
Besides, Im curious and can afford to indulge my inquisitive nature. 
Hallelujah for that, Mike cheered. 
And as for you, Marge continued, targeting her remark at the woman in the You Gotta Love So Dont Tell Me How Or Who t-shirt. Why dont you join her? In Japan, I mean? 
Good question, Mike responded, pouring in even more milk. One container gone, she opened another without bothering to ask. So much for manners. I guess its because she hasnt succumbed to my charms. 
Youre still just friends? Honey, I judged you for a faster mover than that! the feisty older woman teased. 
I usually am. But Candy is different. I have real feelings. I aint running no game on her, so its taking a while. 
I see, Marge sympathized. 
But the option is there, and I might drop by. You never know. 
Glad to hear, Marge said, taking another hit of coffee as I took the seat next to her. Leveling her eyes, she exchanged a shrewd glance at the two mismatched friends. Now are you two ready to cut the BS and tell me whats really wrong? 
CHAPTER 27

I hit the gym at 8:00. The picture of Ruth ensured it was a good workout. I punched the shit out of the heavy bag, and set the world record for ab crunches, but it still wasnt enough. I was intent on finding out why Ruth would do that to me. It meant discovering who she was seeing. Even if it killed me, I needed to know. 
 Arriving home at 10:30, I already had company. Marge, Mike, and Mooch were waiting for me in my living room, and the Hank party was in full swing. There were bottles of tequila on my coffee table that didnt come from my liquor cabinet. 
Savage! Mike toasted. Were just passing time until you know who gets here. 
So I see, I said, tossing my keys into the dish they always occupied. I found leaving them in the same place helped. Otherwise, Id waste hours searching for them and there were plenty of places to hide. Planting myself on the couch, I opted for diet soda. It was safer that way. 
How about a game of cards? Marge suggested. 
Even better, how about Monopoly? Found it in that upstairs closet, Mike remarked. 
What the hell were you doing in my upstairs closet? I reprimanded. 
Relax! I needed a spare towel and looked around! I dropped the one you had out. You wouldnt want me to get all germy? 
Oh, like my floor is so diseased what with the cattle stampeding over it all day. If I didnt like you so much, Id knock you on your ass, I warned.
Youd try, she fired. And you really like me? she asked, smiling. I think thats sweet. Now what pieces do you two want cause Im taking the car! 
* * * * *
The game was brutal. Marge wiped both our asses. She had life skills, to be sure. Even in games, it was apparent. The lights were low; I only left on the hall light. That light was in the front of the house, so it wouldnt be strident enough to scare off The Creeper.
My equipment was set up and ready. We waited for Mooch to tip us off. At 1:45, the Pommie was rousted out of a half-sleep. His ears stiffening, a low growl emerged from his belly. He headed towards the glass doors, and so did I. I got there in time to see Hank sneaking to his favorite hiding place. 
Whats he doing? hissed Marge, trying to soothe her charge. 
Just kneeling and staring at the house. 
I wonder if he brought his van, she continued. 
Something tingled inside. It must have crawled out because it also hit Mike between her eyes. 
Yeah, why does he always bring his van? the intrepid private dick asked. I mean, he cuts through backyards, so it wouldnt it be faster for him to run home? 
Not unless theres a block full of attack dogs. Couldnt cut through then, Marge suggested. 
No, I suppose not, I remarked. Hey, what if the van is part of the plan? Puts the stuff he steals in it, then takes off. Hed have to see if there was a problem loading it. Or driving, maybe. It was my best guess. 
So he or they are only going to steal small stuff and carry it? Mike asked, wrinkling her nose. Why not park it in front of their house? 
I give up. Why wouldnt he? You know, why the hell didnt we think of this two weeks ago? I blasted, letting off steam. 
Because we were clearly not thinking. 
Mike had that right. 
Think, I screamed at myself. Okay, heres a new scenario. Maybe theres one really pricey object the Weissmans own. Maybe the one small trinket is the target? Its a possibility, right? So he goes in for whatever it is and leaves. You know, it might be a while before the Weissmans even notice it missing, but thats not the point. The point is that he wouldnt want to be carrying it around. Like with Marge, I continued, now on a roll. Mooch woke her up. So what if a neighbor gets up because their dog needs to go out, and old Hank is running in neighbors backyards with an antique in his hands? 
Oh, stupid! Stupid! Stupid! spat Mike. Suddenly animated, she jumped up, hitting herself in the forehead with the palm of her hand. 
It wasnt that dumb, Marge defended. 
No! I didnt mean what Savage said. I meant, why the hell didnt I look in the van? Wouldnt he have what he needed in there? 
Its a possibility, I considered. Unless hes waiting until the night he actually hits the place. Actually, its not a bad idea. Illegal, but I dont think thats going to bother you. 
Bother me? When this guy is on his knees in Marges backyard at 2:00 in the morning? See ya! she said, making her way to the door. Call my cell if he leaves. 
With Mike off to commit a felony, I turned to my companion. 
Its just you and me, baby, I whispered. 
Curtis? I didnt know you cared, Marge replied. 
I was talking to Mooch, I joked. 
A light slap on my shoulder taught me a lesson in trying to play with Marges affection. I kept a sharp lookout on our prowler while Marge helped herself to another sandwich. These women were going to eat me out of house and home. 
Hank hadnt moved, and neither had I. My camera lens was trained on his bad self. Michelle returned about ten minutes later. Looking pale and shaken, she dropped to the couch like a fly thatd been swatted too many times. 
What the hell, Mike? You okay? I asked, more than concerned. 
I dont know. Leaning forward, she placed her elbows on her thighs, running her hands through her blonde hair. 
Did you get in? I questioned. 
Sure did. 
And? I asked. 
And this, she responded, passing me her phone. 
Marge and I huddled together, looking at the photos she took. 
What the hell? A knife, duct tape, blankets, and a rope? I recited, naming the objects in the order I was seeing them. 
Yup, and you know what this means, dont you? she replied. Hes not after an object; hes after Amy. 


CHAPTER 28

No one was in any mood to sleep. Not after Mike had dropped the bombshell, but there was no proof of her assertion. Just bits and pieces that might lead to the gingerbread house. The coffee was perking all night long.
But how do we know what hes after? 
Marge had led off the barrage of questions with the obvious. 
Because its her bedroom hes watching, Mike responded. 
Yes, but her parents bedroom can also be seen. Maybe hes just seeing when they go to bed, Marge followed up.
That could be true, I intervened, if not for his positioning. Hes off in thorny bushes. He could get a better view of the Weissmans by just moving to the left. You only have the leafy stuff there. Itd be easier on him. 
I suppose, Marge said, deep in thought. But the duct tape and blankets could be used to cushion an antique. And a knife can be used for other things. Some people use them like scissors. 
All true, Mike. 
Plus, shes a baby, Marge mumbled. 
Yeah, and in some freaktoid world, that makes her a viable target, Mike responded. 
Shes right about that, Marge, I remarked. 
The problem is that I know she is, she whispered. But shouldnt we call the police? Your friend, Wolfie? Maybe he could sort this out. He could be after Linda, for all we know. Or Brian. He could be hired to take them out. 
No! shouted Mike, a little too loudly. Calling Wolfie is the last thing we want. 
And why would that be? the retiree inquired. 
Because if, and I do mean if hes after that little girl, hed get away with it and go on to the next victim, she explained. 
I agree. Theres nothing to hold him on because he hasnt committed a crime. Yes, there could be the trespassing charge, but Mike and I already went through the litany of reasons hed get off. 
But what if hes taking photos? Marge prodded.
Depends on what the photos were. Amy Weissmans in bed when he shows up, so he cant be taking risqu shots. You havent seen him when shes getting ready for bed, have you? Of course, that leaves Linda Weissman. Dont suppose you asked her where she changes at night? 
Nope, Marge answered. 
Thats why we have to catch him doing something. So the word pedophile will be on his records, Mike said. 
If thats what hes planning, I asserted. 
Well, if its a burglary, we cant allow him to rob the place. And if its Amy or anyone else, we cant let him abduct anyone, either! Marge argued. 
Duh, well, obviously not, Mike dismissed. 
And while Im asking questions, how the hell did you get in his van? Pretty specialized skills for an importer/exporter? 
Marge had the private dick by her nose hairs. I was betting on Mike cracking. 
I got into some trouble as a kid. No big thing. Just mischief. Plus, it wasnt locked. You could even have gotten in by opening the door. 
I see. 
The words rolled off Marges tongue like a broken tooth. This subject would be revisited. I was sure of it. 
Then youre suggesting we wait until he makes a move? Then catch him in the act? Youd put Amy through that? I countered. 
I already answered that question! Mike snapped, starting to lose her temper. No, I dont want Amy involved, but if he broke in ? 
Marge and I exchanged looks.
Yes, I blurted, exasperated from going over the same ground. We could wait for that, but, again, it would be breaking and entering. How that would translate into having him pegged a pedophile, I dont know and we dont know thats what he is! 
 Unless there were some type of written plan. Do you think anyone else is involved? Marge was good at this.
Good question, I commented. Is he working alone? I guess Im thinking that he is. I mean, his van is going to be parked down the street. And he practiced sprinting. I would assume that was a dress rehearsal for something. 
Fuck! Mike exclaimed. Getting up, she started another pot of coffee. I dug in the back of my cupboards for more. The reserves couldnt be donated to a more worthy cause. 
So we watch and wait, is that the plan? You know what happens if we blink, Marge reminded. 
Nothings going to happen except for a scumbag being thrown in jail, Mike bristled. Im cashing in my overseas ticket, right now. No way Im leaving until this is cleared up. 
Then you did plan on leaving? I queried. 
Of course! You think I want Candy there all alone? But shes a big girl, all grown, and Amy isnt. If it is Amy hes after. It doesnt matter because once he goes into that house, its bingo dingo, game over! she hollered. It only leaves tying him to either abduction, kidnapping, extortion, or being a weasly perv. 
And how are we going to do that? Marge asked. 
Ill think of something, Mike assured.  
CHAPTER 29

Marge and Mike left at sunup. I was back on my old schedule. About to hit the sheets for a bit of shuteye, there were Moochies needs to attend to first. I took him for his morning constitutional, making it a point to pass by The Creepers abode. Man, was I beginning to hate this guy. I only wished I had psychic powers, but I was determined to figure out what he was up toand figure it out with no one getting hurt. 
I returned, stripping down to my briefs when the phone rang. This time I was ready for Dr. Grief. 
Look you, bastard
I see you got my package. It was the only way youd believe. 
What makes you think I wanted to know? 
Because its part of why she was murdered. Isnt that what you said you wanted? To find her killer? 
I dropped my butt on the edge of the bed. I didnt care what my chronological age was; I was too old for this. 
I suppose youre right. So this guy she was seeing had something to do with it? 
I didnt say that, did I? 
No, you said it was part of the reason she was murdered. 
Very good, Mr. Savage. Now for your next clue. The picture was taken at The Abyssinian. 
Naturally, the turd hung up before I could find out what the hell The Abyssinian was. Heading downstairs instead of for sweet dreams, I did a search. It turned out it was a pricey resort in California. Why hadnt I heard of it? I mean, Id only lived there for the first twelve years of my life. Most likely because it didnt have anything to do with surfing or baseball. Go Angels. 
I dug out the picture that was still buried under yesterdays mail. Fishing out the nudie shot of my dear, departed girlfriend, I could see part of the room, including a monogram on the headboard. Her head was blocking the painted motif beneath it, though. Goddamn camera angles. 
I chided myself for biting into another hook. This guy was all about sending me on treasure hunts. No, with treasure hunts, youre aware its a game and elect to participate. I had no choiceor at least, thats the way I felt. After all, this was Ruthie we were talking about. The love of my life; Id do whatever was necessary to find out who killed her. 
Mike announced herself by not announcing herself. Walking in, she caught me at the table in my skivvies. With a few weeks exercise under my belt, I wasnt feeling too embarrassed. 
Aw, jeez, Savage! Now I gotta wash my eyes out with soap or something! 
Make that your mouth. Im sure youve said something in the past five minutes that youre sorry for. Atonement begins by taking that first step. 
Youre a funny guy, she said, laughing. Why arent you asleep? 
You know why. 
Well, if it isnt Hank, and I say it isnt, its got to be Dr. Shadows. Another call? Yup, must be. Otherwise, why would you be holding that picture, looking about ready to cry?
You got it. You said you knew about computers. Is there any way to get Ruthie out of this shot and have the rest of the details stay? 
Taking the photo from my hand, she studied it for a bit. 
You talking the monogram, and lamp, and this bit of a painting on the headboard? 
Yes. 
Id say the best way to do it is to paste someone elses pic in the shot. This way, you dont have a big empty space when you show it. You are going to show it, right? That is why you want Ruthie erased? 
Yes, indeed I do. Shadows said its The Abyssinian. 
And that is? 
Some luxurious hotel/resort thing that I never heard of because Im not in that price bracket. 
I guess Im not either, but, yeah. I could do this for you. You got a scanner? 
Yes. 
Good. Then I just need to use some programs. And a pic to paste over Ruth. 
Jumping up, she trotted up the stairs, me right behind her. Pulling back my comforter, she kicked off her shoes, flinging herself on my bed. Hitting a pretty good approximation of Ruthies body position, I used my cell to snap a couple of shots, just to make sure. 
Yanking the phone from my hand, she checked the photos. 
I am looking good! she touted, putting her head on my shoulder and snuggling.
What the hell are you doing here? I queried. 
Im lonely, she confessed. Im missing Candy. 
Dont tell me youve got the hots for me. 
In your dreams, Savage! And dont be eyeing my ass, she added, a smirk gaining ground.
You wish, I taunted, crawling into bed.  

CHAPTER 30

A call from my dear sweet momma jarred me awake early in the afternoon. After she emphasized how good it was to see me and hinted for me to stop by again, I finally ended the call. Mothers! While I loved her and wanted her around for many more years, I just didnt want her around right nowif you know what I mean. 
I found Mike passed out on the couch with Mooch curled up next to her. A pillow was under Mikes head and a blanket over her. Evidently, shed found the linen closet. Was there nothing she couldnt do? 
I started more coffee perking. Wandering out to my computer, I found a printout of Mikes handiworks on my desk. While Prince Charming slept, Sleeping Beauty had been busy. Shed managed to superimpose her entire image over Ruths, and I dont mean in a half-assed way. Were talking Black Op professionalism. Youd swear itd been Mike all along in that monogrammed bed. 
What do you think? she asked, stretching her arms out as she yawned and contracted in at her waistline. 
Me likes, I affirmed. 
One of my better efforts, to be sure, but then it was for you, she replied, a smile softening her pleasant beauty. She was an attractive girl. No doubt. I had to borrow Marges software.
Marge? 
Yeah, she likes to do strange things to photos of her grandkids. Shes dressed them as elves for Christmas, and put them in a basket for Easter. If shed done things like for real, shed be doing ten to life. Mooch was even a target in her rampage, werent you, Moochie? she cooed. 
Mooch barked. Jumping up, Mike bent down to let the dog lick her face. Before I could warn her about Mooch cleaning his ass with that same utensil, the sliding glass door opened, allowing Marge to barge in. 
As I pocketed the nudie of Ruth, my cell started ringing off the hook. 
Hello? I answered. 
Its Wolfie. 
Hey, Wolfie, I stated as distinctly as possible to give my two favorite gals the heads up on keeping quiet. The women huddled around Mooch, listening in as best they could. 
Was checking in on Hank. Any new developments? 
New developments? Nope. Same old, same old. Were just waiting for him to make his move. When he does, youll be the first to know.
Thanks for that. Wanted to let you know that I got in touch with the old gang. Theyre raring to start up the poker games again. Youre a popular guy, Savage. 
Thanks. Ill let you know when theyre back on.
When I hung up, the girls were petting Mooch to death. How much affection could he stand before he exploded? I bet the never-ending supply of treats would cause that to happen first. 
That was smooth, Curt, Marge lauded. Say, is this what you were doing? she asked Mike as she pointed to the altered photo. Moochachos whined, hungering for his mommas touch. 
Yup, Mike responded. 
The percolator fell silent. I made a dash for it, beating Mike by a hair. No way I wasnt getting a cupful out of this batch. 
But why? Marge pressed. 
State secret, I teased. 
Yeah, I can see that, my neighbor chuckled. Is this a hotel? 
Howd you know? I asked. 
Well, the monogram and the lack of personal possessions. I dont know. It looks like a hotel to me. 
It is indeed, I answered. 
Anyway, Im stopping by because I visited Linda again, she said, dropping the photo on the desktop. And because I told her a little fib. 
Which was? I inquired as I jockeyed for position at the counter. Mike was an animal where caffeine was concerned. 
That I heard a sneak thief was loose in the neighborhood. I said I thought Id heard someone in my backyard the other night. That part wasnt a lie. Since were waiting around for Hank to make his move, I felt it prudent to put the family on alert. I gotta say, Im not loving doing this. 
Neither are we, Mike averred, but you know the drill. 
Yes, she admitted. 
You know, I just remembered something, I interjected. It might be a connection between the Weissmans kids and this clown. 
Youre just now remembering? Mike taunted. 
Yes, well, these days it takes a while. It has to do with what Janice Armstrong said when I visited that dog park. 
You took Mooch to the dog park? But everyone knows him! Marge criticized.
Yes, but I said he was Skipper. 
Good thinking, she replied. 
Janice said that Wallace had a bunch of kids playing in his backyard. Im wondering
If thats where this scumball spotted Amy! Mike finished for me. 
We dont know its Amy hes after, Marge reminded for the umpteenth time. 
Yes, but it is an angle, Mike responded. 
Next time I see Linda, I shall ask, my neighbor assured. And that picture is a hoot. Getting up to leave, she gave Mooches plenty of kisses goodbye. Now you be strong, my little man. Momma loves you. 
I felt I was eavesdropping on a session of my parents romantic interludes, but she wasnt saying anything that I hadnt crooned to the little canine. Its just that Id never been overheard. 
As Marge went home to add more pink to the sea of blush, Michelle finally got done changing her coffee to a lighter shade of pale. Straddling the chair before she sat down, she started pouring in the sugar. 
By the way, youre out of milk. 
Really? I wonder how that happened? 
My eyebrow arched; she ignored my sarcasm. 
Forgot to tell you that I emailed the file full of evidence to Mrs. Lamprey. Myrna had a cow. 
Did you include the stuff on Candy? 
You think Im nuts? No way! Finished pouring, she started stirring. Besides, there was plenty. Looks like its Splitsville for Myrna and Joe. 
Another show biz marriage bites the dust. 
Not to mention the Mrs. handing the Mr.s nuts to himin a bag. 
Nice image, I remarked. What about the computer search you were doing? Anything turn up? 
Just some strange IP addresses. Looks like the guy is global. 
Movies are that. They get their funding from all over. 
I suppose. But theres something there. 
If there is, youll find it. You got a nose for this kind of thing. 
Thanks, Savage, she said, taking her first sip of the afternoon. Oh, and that photo? 
What about it? 
Dont be telling anyone that Im your girlfriend. 
After we got done laughing, we broke into a heated argument over who was the greatest baseball player of all time. 


CHAPTER 31

Hank Wallace pretty well dominated our lives from that point on. Even Mike adjusted her workout schedule so she could keep help me keep an eye on him and make sure things didnt get out of hand. Marge lent moral support by coming by and passing out on the couch. That lady can snore, let me tell you. Didnt know how Mooch could stand it. 
Wolfie kept tabs, but I kept lying about what we Unholy Three were up to. Bound by blood, wed sworn a solemn promise not to let evildoers go freeor something like that. I suppose it was the coffee and all of us possessing just enough morality to ensure we did our part in keeping Creston free of dirt bags that really united usalthough I liked the first version better. 
Another visit from Marge and crafty questioning got Linda to admit that her kids had played at Wallaces. She said her nanny left them there. When Marge asked where the nanny was, Linda said she was gone. When Marge followed up and asked why she was gone, Linda stated that leaving her kids at a strangers house was why. 
The week ticked by, returning back around to Thursday. At midnight, Mike assumed watch at the patio doors while Marge caught zs on the sofa. Moochie wormed his way under her arm. They made quite the pair. 
With nothing much happening, I relaxed in a comfy chair. Hank arrived about a half-hour later. Stationed in his spot by the bushes, what else was new? With everything under control, I was about to doze off. It was going to be another one of those nights. 
Savage! Mike said, using a stage whisper. Hes on the move! 
Snapping to attention, I ran beside her. 
Are you sure? 
Of course, Im sure! You think I dont know hes sneaking his way across the Weissmans lawn! 
Whats going on? 
A sleepyhead emerged from her beauty nap. Her red-tinted hair a little mussed, my neighbor ambled over. Moochie was a little put out about being disturbed, but yawned it off. 
Mike says hes making his move. 
No shit! Mike and I both stared at the woman, who said the most astonishing things. What are we going to do about it? 
You are going to take these glasses and keep your eye on him, Mike said, taking command and playing Patton. Savage is going to follow him and tackle him if he breaks into the Weissmans place.
And you? I queried.
Im going to Wallaces place. 
What for? 
This and that, she said, scooting out the door. 
Okay, Marge. You ready for this? 
I was born ready, she responded. 
I told you she dabbled in the astonishing. 
Did you bring your phone? I asked. 
No. 
Well, go get it. Keep Mooch inside. If I speed dial your number, call the police. No call means Im doing it myself. Here goes nothing.
The air was cool, the grass moist. I scampered over the lawn, keeping low. There was the douchebag in the distance. He was scouring the hedges surrounding the Weissmans house. With his attention diverted, I made it to a shade tree. He was trying the windows. 
What the hell was he doing? He must have realized that most houses had alarms. I didnt know how the hell he was going to get past that obstacle. To my astonishment, he found one that was unlatched and opened it. I waited for an alarm, but there wasnt one triggered. I figured hed crawl in, but he left it alone, opting for the back door. It was unlocked and he went right inside. 
As to how he knew the door was open, I had no idea. The Weissmans couldnt be so stupid as to leave their doors unsecured, or could they? I stopped searching for that answer and took off like I was Sea Biscuit. 
I didnt bother to knock. After all, neither had The Creeper. I did my best to navigate through the unfamiliar household, but ended up banging my knee on a chair. I didnt dare scream. I held the pain in, as Wallace ascended the stairs. 
I took out the phone, hitting speed dial. I hoped Marge knew how to follow simple instructions. I tackled Wallace on the top step. It was a dumb move and I should have waited until hed reached the landing, but give me brownie points for trying. We tumbled backward, my shoulder taking a hard knock when I fell. From there, it was a piece of cake.
We crashed down the stairs. When we reached the first floor, I pulled off the knitted cap he had covering his head. Now he could shed hair follicles all over the nice floors. Punching him a few times in the groin, the marshmallow caved in. A hard right surprised me. I was ashamed about leaving myself open. The lights sprang on as the Weissmans were awakened by the commotion breaking out on the ground zero. The perfunctory, ear-shattering scream was delivered by Linda. She had quite a career as a Scream Queen if she wanted it. I gave her a nod to indicate I was on her side. She didnt seem to notice. 
Her husband grabbed a phone and started talking to the dispatch operator. Let him. I could already hear the sirens in the background. Marge was as good as gold. I twisted Wallaces arm behind his back. After all, I only had a few more moments to inflict as much pain as I could, and dadgummit, thats exactly what I was going to do. 
The responding officers placed Henry and me in handcuffs until the story got sorted out. Marge arrived next, Wolfie bringing up the rear. 
So he was after something, my ex-colleague concluded. 
Evidently, I quipped. 
But we dont know what, he stated, yet. 
That Wolfie was all right.  

CHAPTER 32

After I finished with the policewhich, by the way, took foreverI returned home. Marge and Mike were there to greet me. Mooch gave me kisses for being a hero and that felt kinda good. 
Boy, did I get my moneys worth, Marge exclaimed. 
More than you know, Mike answered cryptically. 
Which means? I asked, giving mans best friend a few belly rubs. 
Sitting at the kitchen table, I found that more of my cold cuts had been sacrificed to making sandwiches for people not named Savage. Would it never end? Not about to argue, I grabbed one. It tasted awesome. 
It means I found kiddy porn on his computer. 
What? Marge and I blurted. 
Well, links to porno. Remember those dump sites I told you about? she said, addressing me. 
Dump sites? Marge repeated.
Yeah, when someone doesnt want something found on their computer, they use a third-party site to store it, I explained. Mike had taught me well. 
Exactly, Mike continued. I found some of those. An anonymous call to the Feds, and the big boysll look into it. 
You called the tip line? I pressed.
Sure the hell did! You think Creston yokels would find that evidence? Hed skate for breaking and entering. I told you he was filthy. 
You were right, Mike, Marge congratulated. Now Moochie and I can go back to life before Hank Wallace. Cant we, Mooch? 
The little dog sprang off my lap and onto hers. It was only right. 
We talked a couple more hours. At the first break of dawn, and when the sandwiches were a memory, Marge scattered, taking Mooch with her. Mike lingered, mumbling something about calling Candy. She started to rise, but I yanked her back down into a seated position. 
What gives? she complained. 
You, I quipped.
And that means what? 
It means you making that call to the FBI. What arent you telling me? I pried. 
Snickering, she rubbed her nose, getting a glass of juice. Thank God, she didnt use the stein for that. 
I couldnt let that bastard get away, she insisted. 
What makes you think hed get away? 
She scoffed at that one. 
You think the Creston police would have done a thorough search of his computer? You know they wouldnt. You worked there, for Christs sake! 
Maybe they would, and maybe they wouldnt. I dont know and you dont know, but I know you like to get your own way. Im thinking you did something. Did you? 
Taking a few hits of orange juice, the glass banged down. 
Yes, I did something, she confessed. 
What? I wasnt giving up until I knew. 
I put some of that stuff back on his computer. Made the links more apparent, and  
And? 
There was such a pregnant pause before she answereda woman could have delivered quadruplets. 
And I left some CDs. 
You what? 
Well, I wasnt sure theyd find everything! 
You had no right I began. Her banging her fist on the table stopped me from saying more. 
And you have no right to say that to me! Youre on the other side, Savage! One of the boys in blue, but where the hell was the justice system for me? It was non-existent! If you dont take things into your own hands, everything gets messed up! You just dont know! You dont! 
And you do? 
From fiery, she went to determined. 
Yes. I didnt tell you the truth about what happened to me, Savage. I was raped. Gang raped by a bunch of crazies. And you know why? They wanted to convert me to playing on the other team. Thought if I got a taste of dick between my legs, Id somehow magically transform into what they wanted me to be instead of how I was born. 
Her blue eyes filled with tears, and so did mine. All my arguments for following the letter of the law fell by the wayside. 
Im sorry, I empathized, putting my hand on her shoulder and offering support. I had no idea. 
I know you didnt. Ive never, ever told anyone that before, but I told you. You know why? 
No, why? 
Because I trust you. I trust you with my darkest secret, the one that almost ripped me apart. And I trust you with what I did with Wallace. 
You know I wont tell? How? 
Because youd have to say how the stuff got there. And youd never turn me in. 
I fiddled with my coffee cup. She was right. I did think it was wrong, but there was wrong, and then there was wrong. 
Well, I guess there were links to the stuff, so he is guilty, but, Mike, would you have left it if there hadnt been links? 
Looking me straight in the eye, she fired with both barrels.  
Yes. My rapists got off by telling the judge that I wanted it. That I wanted to change and by God, the judge and a jury of my peers believed them. You try carrying that around with you for a while and youd have left something too. 
She rose slowly, zipping up her hoodie. 
Adios, amigo. Until next time. 
With that, she exited, inwardly glad that her kind of justice would be done. 
CHAPTER 33

Good morning, The Abyssinian. Jeffrey speaking. How may we serve you? 
The well-modulated voice on the other end of the line was to be expected. A hotel that charged astronomical prices needed the person contacted for reservations to represent their brand. It was imperative for them to push the luxury they were selling. 
Good morning, Jeffrey. Im looking to book a room, but a specific one. I have a picture that I could email. 
Let me see if I understand this, Mr. ? 
Savage. Curt Savage. 
Mr. Savage, please let me see if Ive understood your request. Youve stayed here before and took a picture while in the room? Perhaps we can look up your records and  
No, not me. I havent had the pleasure of being your guest, but a friend did. She took the picture. Well, not her, but the friend she was staying with did. No selfies here. 
I see. Well, yes. You can send the picture to jeffreyG at theabyssinian dot com. 
On its way, Jeffrey, I replied as I hit send.  
Did you say this was your first time staying with us? 
Yes. 
And when did you need the reservations for? 
ASAP. Ill take your earliest booking. 
And how long will you need the room? 
One or two nights. Whatever is available. Did you get the picture? 
Yes, Im looking at it now. Its kind of difficult to see the space. And weve redecorated, so Ill just pass it to someone thats been here longer. 
How long have you been there, Jeffrey? 
Seven months, sir. 
Well, youre doing a fine job. The Abyssinian is lucky to have you. 
Its most kind of you to say. If I can just put you on hold for a moment while I see if Sara recognizes the furnishings. 
Thatll be fine. 
Whistling a popular song, I headed outside. Back to waking up in the mornings and sleeping in the evenings, the Wallace investigation was going just the way Mike had envisioned. Her planting that evidence led it exactly in the direction she wanted, but was it fair? 
As to his motive for the break-in, Hanks hired mouthpiece said it was to steal a painting. Since the painting was a print and less than fifty dollars, it made no sense, but it did in a legalistic way. In agreeing to plea bargain to those charges, Hank would be off the hook for doing hard time. Especially since he claimed he was drunk. It helped enormously that no blood alcohol testing had been done on the night in question. 
The pornography contained on those disks that Mike left threw a monkey wrench into the ongoing investigation. While Hank insisted they werent his, in this case, they werent. It left me in the awkward position of grappling with my conscience. I thought Id give things a bit more time to work themselves out before doing anything crazy. 
Hello, Mr. Savage? 
Yes, still here, Jeffrey. 
My hand reached out to pet Moochie. I kept forgetting he wasnt here. 
Good news. Mr. Jenkins, my manager, did recognize the room. Its 311. As to its availability, it appears to be booked straight through to next year. 
Pity. It was recommended to me by Piers Warwick. Hes quite the fan of yours. 
Mr. Warwick? You know, on second glance, I do see that the person renting the room is leaving a day early. That means you can have it for one night. Next Tuesday, actually. 
Thats perfect, Jeffrey. 
Giving Piers name was a longshot, but it had paid off. I didnt want to use Ruthies. That was too close to home, but her father was the perfect reference. 
After validating my credit card, I had my reservation all thanks to Piersand Mike. I couldnt very well have sent the original picture. Poor Jeffrey would have had a cow. 
After wishing Jeffrey a great day, I prepared to head out and replenish my supplies, but Mike had other plans. 
Hey, Mike. Thanks for dropping by unannounced. 
Love you too, Bright Eyes. 
Just got off the phone with The Abyssinian. Im leaving in four days for the sunny skies of Cali. It never rains there, you know. 
So Ive heard, she said with a straight face. Falling back on the couch, she did a back flop. The unique method of becoming supine could catch on. So did they find out how The Creeper got into the Weissmans without setting off the alarm? Thats still bugging me.
Yup. Got the info straight from Wolfie. It was kept out of the papers, since it involves one of the children. 
Amy? she queried, craning her head up.
Nope, Thomas is the culprit. Hank became quite chummy with the kid during the soccer matches held in Wallaces backyard. So Wallace sees him out for a walk with his brother and pulls him aside. Tells Tommy that he has a surprise party planned for Toms mom and dad, but that he needs to get into the house. 
And so Tommy turns off the burglar alarm and leaves the back door open. That is so evil, Savage. 
It is indeed, but some would call it clever. Like Wallace leaving the window open for the police to think hed gained entre vous that way.  
Well, I can see why they left the kids name out of things. Wouldnt want him traumatized by bad press. 
I feel the same, but you gotta be thrilled about the way things are going, I remarked, changing the subject. Must feel good to frame someone. 
Hey! she retorted, glaring at me something fierce. I told you about justice! 
Look, you went through hell, but that does not give you the right to tamper with evidence so that things come out your way. 
This was the only time since starting our buddyship that I was mad at her. I wasnt about to back down. Not even for a friend. 
Okay, why the big swing to the dark side? You were just fine with things the other night. 
I was not fine with things. I said I understood. Besides, I think you lied. 
What? 
She was now fully sitting up with that shocked expression on her face, but I knew she was the consummate actress when she needed to be. 
You heard me. That stuff about the links and dump sites; the cops didnt mention that. None of it. They only mentioned the CDs. I think its because the other stuff doesnt exist. 
Oh, it exists, all right! I know its there! I just didnt have time to find it! she defended. 
Do you hear yourself? Thats the most pathetic excuse Ive ever heard! 
Really? So what are you saying? 
Im saying that Im giving this breathing room to see what develops. But if there isnt any other evidence proving Wallace was dabbling in kiddie porn, I might have to intervene. 
Youd do that? 
I would indeed, I stated firmly. I wasnt going to bend. 
Fuck! she cried. Springing to her feet, she started pacing. Its okay. What youre saying is okay because I already found something. 
Sitting back down, she took a couple of deep breaths. 
Whats that mean? Wait a minute. do you have a copy?
You better believe I made a back-up of his entire hard drive! Think Id leave it to those assholes? 
The Creston police and FBI are not assholes.
Says you. But then, youre one of them. 
Then why are you here? I was starting to get hot under the collar. It didnt matter that my t-shirt didnt have one. 
Im here because  because youre a friend. And I did lie. Not only about the links, but about what I just said. Youre nothing like them. Youre trying to be fair and thats different than not listening. 
I let it go at that. Mike was my friend and I wanted to keep it that way. Now that she knew what I was going to do, she could act accordingly. If I did have to go to Wolfie, it wouldnt be behind her back. 
Is that why you came by? I asked. 
No, its to say goodbye. I bought that ticket again. The one to Tokyo. 
Cant stay away from Candy, huh? 
Its not that I cant stay away. Its that I think something bad is going down. 
How do you figure? 
From the things shes saying. The gig started out with legitimate modeling, but now shes having to meet men. Shes invited to this party that shes required to attend.
Might be nothing. Clients like to schmooze. 
I got a feeling. 
Oh, Christ, here we go again! I teased. 
You can mock me all you like, but I know, she responded, tapping two fingers against the ribs housing her heart. 
Youre never wrong? I queried. 
Not about things like this.  
CHAPTER 34

With Hank no longer skulking around, I spent the days at Marges. Shed passed my name around to a friend who wanted her husband followed. Seems Mrs. Clauson was suspicious of his frequent business trips. Sounded like the Lampreys all over again. 
I took the case. It meant solid money in my pocket for very little work. It still left my days open, and I took advantage by joining a tennis club. My backhand was pretty rusty, but my knees didnt give out. For that, I was grateful.
Theres that school of thought that says we make our future. So whether you believe I set things into motion by resuming the game of tennis or whether you think it dropped out of the sky, I received an unexpected invitation from Janice Armstrong. 
We ran into one another at the local market. I was dressed in my Wimbledon attire while she was nattily outfitted in designer yogawear. We chitchatted for a while. She was fascinated by the subject of Hank, as were most of the people in our neighborhood. The talk culminated in her inviting me to her country club so I could check out their courts. I took her up on it. I figured it was the only way Id ever see the inside of Quest Pines. 
I met her there on Saturday morning. As it happens, so did her friend Victoria Marshall. The song Pretty Woman must have been written about her. Not a fool, well, at least not that way, I scored her number, setting up a dinner date for the following weekend. I was looking forward to seeing her, but there was a little trip to Cali that came first. 
I caught the red-eye on Monday night. I arrived in the northern part of my home state, I rented a car and drove to The Abyssinian. When I finally reached the remote destination, the first gander was awe-inspiring. The stately stucco was impressive as hell. Its iron porticos and grounds that ran forever tickled my fancy to no end. I unloaded my two bags out of the front seat of my car. Need I say that a valet took care of the rest? 
I checked in at the front desk. A concierge that looked like Dee Wallace Stone handled the formality like a pro. Not that I would have minded it taking a little longer since Id had a crush on that actress ever since seeing her turn into a hot-looking werewolf. 
It was with trepidation that I entered 311, a bellboy leading the way. I crossed his palm with a bill whose denomination I didnt confirm. If it was more than twenty dollars, so be it. It was only making up for the people that stiffed him. 
I remembered Jeffreys comment about the room having changed, but I had no idea how. Yes, I did. It was partly the bed. This one had a tufted headboard with no paint to be found. I stared at the mattress, wondering if this was where Ruth had lain. I had no idea if the entire bed was swapped out or only the framing. I opted for the whole thing having been replaced. It would make sleep so much easier
I kicked around the suite, but it didnt take long to realize that this was a mistake. There was nothing I was going to learn here. Id made another blunder. Would I never learn?
 My muscles were tight from the cramp quarters on the plane, so I treated myself to a quick shower. With the day in front of me, I hit the hotels eatery, cursing myself for being hoodwinked by Dr. Shadows again. That phantom was costing me money I didnt have. 
The restaurant was a grand affair. Big as a ballroom, a few guests sat munching on their vittles while I sat alonebut not for long. A tall, willowy woodland creature sat beside me. She must have been born in some fantasy land. Either that or Id forgotten just how beautiful the girls in California were. 
Hi, Im Sophia. 
She had a smoky voice, bedroom eyes, and a smile that said, Come get me. Id be glad to. Just let me get my tongue outta the way before I trip over it. 
Im Curt. Nice to meet you, Sophia. 
I havent seen you here before, she continued, tossing that mane of redliciousness back off her face. The glossy mass slipped down like a veil. 
That would be because Ive never been. I take it youre a regular? The waiter deposited a large tumbler of freshly squeezed OJ in front of me. Can I order you something? 
Ive already eaten, she replied, patting her flat stomach as if to prove something. I would have taken her word. But a cup of coffee would be nice. 
The waiter nodded, hurrying off to get the vixen her caffeine fix. Me? I sat and stared into those emerald eyes that didnt look real. 
Yes, Im here quite often, the girl with the foxlike smile continued. I live in LA, but it gets to be too much. So I come here to unwind. They have nature trails, you know. 
Yes, I noticed on the website. So what do you do down in the City of Lost Angels? 
Im in movies. 
An actress? 
No, producer. It pays more, she responded with a chuckle. The waiter served our coffee, along with two over easy. 
Its probably easier in the long run. At least you dont have to obsess over your stellar good looks. 
Oh, no! That remains the same. Everyone is expected to keep up appearances. Wouldnt want the plastic surgeons to starve, she replied with an evil snicker. 
I guess not, I responded, going with the flow. 
And what keeps you occupied and paying for vacations at The Abyssinian? 
Dog walking, I answered without a grin. Telling the truth never got anyone anywhere. Trust me on that. 
I had no idea it paid that well. I do have a dog and he does need walking
Im afraid I work out of Pennsylvania. Kind of a long commute. 
I could make it worth your while, she teased, her foot tracing the planes of my shin. 
Ill bet you could do just about anything you set your mind to doingincluding driving a man half insane. I take it youre not married? 
Does it matter? 
Hell, no. Just being polite. 
My humor was doing its job in amusing her. It had been a while, but maybe I was back in the game. Two nibbles in one week. I reminded myself the only reason I was here was because of Ruthie. No, that wasnt true. It was because of her murder. 
So will you join me for some bareback riding? 
Excuse me? I queried, polishing off the last of my toast. That meal was damn fine. I was going to enjoy it here. 
Horses. Im talking horses. There are tons of trails and places to get lost for a week or two. You must have seen that on the website too. 
I patted my lips, dropping the napkin back in my lap. 
Yeah, now that you mention it. Something about this being the ideal honeymoon location for couples wanting to blow through their trust funds and not leave anything for posterity. 
Youre a funny man. 
And you are one beautiful lady. 
With that, I reached forward and kissed the back of her hand. It might not be the best move, but at least it was mine. 
CHAPTER 35

Sophia and I rented a couple of horses and were on our way up the bunny trail in no time at all. While her steed was breathing fire and brimstone out its nostrils, mine was something out of a kiddypark. It was no problem for me. I let Sophia and Satan gallop on ahead, while Thumbelina and I caught up at a leisurely pace. 
An hour into things, Sophia led me to a glade fashioned out of fairy dust. Satan was winded, so we decided to rest and feed our horses by a stream. Tying them up to a fallen log, Sophia and I snuggled together on a patch of green. I was only expecting to talk, but Sophia turned out to be a wild child. Before I knew it, she went down on me. 
Oral sex was always good, but this was life changing. I hoped she didnt mistake me for someone important. If she did, she might be thinking that the favor would get her somewhere. It was enough to make me feel guiltynot enough to stop her, you understand. Just enough to be regretful about her wasting all that suction. 
When she was finished, she hopped on her stallion and took off without a backward glance. I was beginning to believe Id imagined the whole thing. I untied my large white mare. Prodding her with my heels, I tried to remember my way back. 
I wasnt doing such a good job of remembering. Thumbelina knew it and so did I, but someone once told me about horses always knowing their way home. So I gave her the lead and my little lady did the rest. 
I dropped the old gal at the barn, noting that Satan was already there and being cooled down. It left the question of where my sprite had gone to and whether Id get to return the favor. One can always hope. 
I crossed the grounds, spotting an altercation in the distance. A man was on the other side of the gated boundary. Two security officers were accosting him, trying to confiscate his camera. I trotted on over to see what the commotion was. 
Hey, you have no right to be taking my camera! the man protested. The two guards ignored him, taking out the memory card and giving him back the not-that-expensive equipment. 
We can if youve been taking pictures, Mr. Blanchard. You know the rules. We tell them to you every other day. No photos of our guests allowed. That goes for on or off our property. 
As the taller of the two read the riot act, Blanchard continued to go ballistic, even tossing his brown fishing hat to the ground. 
No! You have no legal right to prevent anything taking place off your property! And Im on the other side of the fence, you goddamned jackasses! 
Easy, easy, the shorter one admonished before nodding to me. 
Whats going on? I inquired. 
Nothing that concerns you. Mr. Blanchard was just leaving. 
With that, the two turned, making their way slowly across the lawn.
NO, IM NOT GOING ANYWHERE! Blanchard screamed. 
Why are you taking pictures, anyway? 
You have to understand that I asked that before I remembered Sophia. Maybe the man had taste. 
Like Id explain anything to one of you! he huffed. 
One of who? 
THEM! he shrieked. You are a guest, arent you? 
Yes, I replied.
Think I dont know what that makes you? he responded. He started to laugh hysterically. I feared for him being left alone with sharp instruments. 
Um, no. What? He snorted air like a commuter train. What was it with this guy? All accusations with no explanations? Its like a sandwich with no bread. And no, Im not picking up meat wrapped in a lettuce leaf. Look, its my first time here. 
He squinted, backing away. With the camera slung around his neck, he was good to go. 
Oh, arent you the clever one! Youre trying to get me to tell you what I know! Well, Ill tell you what I know! I know enough to bring an extra storage disk and to make a fuss when the blank one is taken! Smiling triumphantly, he dug out the memory card containing what I guessed was the guests ugly mugs from his back pocket. SUCKERS! 
Darting towards his car at the speed of light, the maniacal laugh never ceased. 
CHAPTER 36

I spent the afternoon kicking around. Lounging by the pool, I got in a few sets of tennis with some other guests. I asked if they knew a Ruth Warwick, but no cigar. 
My eyes were on the lookout for a blazing hot chick named Sophia. She was a no show, so I showered and changed. I figured if worse came to worse, I could always sit with the Chandlers. They were a couple that had exchanged volleys with me. 
I did seek out the Chandlers company. We ate our way through about five courses. They told me about themselves, while I made up enough lies to satisfy their curiosity. Id been with Ruthie long enough to know how the other half lives and could supply the answers they wanted to hear. Id finished my chocolate mousse when music started to play. A small orchestra appeared out of nowhere. I was stunned at how pleasant dinner could be. 
It happens every night, young man, Percy stated. Now, if youll excuse me, Miriam would like to dance. 
He led her to the center of a dance floor. Id been wondering why the spot was cleared. Duh. 
Hes right, you know. 
 I would have recognized her anywhere. Even without those luscious breasts pressed into the back of my head. Leaning down, my fallen angel gave me a kiss. 
How the hell have you been? I greeted as she slid into Miriams empty chair. 
About as well as could be expected, she replied, rubbing my hand. 
What did you mean hes right? 
I meant Percy when he said, It happens every night. It could for you, too, if you play your cards right. That smirk was back, her dress sliding up, her leg starting to swing. I could make you a happy man. 
Her finger traced my lips. I wanted to take her right then and there. Throw her on the table and have at her. 
You already did, I admitted. 
Did I now? Thats good to hear. 
Yeah, well it was even better on my end of things, but I want to reciprocate if I can. 
Well see, she said, taking my hand. She pulled me up, and we joined the other couples. A slow dance began. She fit against me like a tailored suit. Her backless dress allowed me to explore milky-white territory. I was falling hard, and I was praying that she would be my cushion. 
We toured the expanse several times before noticing the music had changed to a livelier tempo. So that was the reason people were jumping around. Sophia and I joined in, kicking up our heels. We flew through a couple more numbers before deciding to take a breather. 
Wending our way to our table, the Chandlers were still going strong. I ordered a couple of drinks, deciding to switch the subject to the reason I was actually here. Taking out my cell, I popped up a picture of Ruth. 
Do you recognize her? 
Sophia stared, punching through the slide show. 
No. Am I supposed to? 
I thought maybe you would. She used to come here a lot. 
And you know this ? 
Oh, you mean, why am I asking? Because  because she was an old flame. 
Is she why you came here? 
Yes, I admitted, sticking close to the truth. There was no reason to lie to Sophia about this. Plus, the closer you stick to the truth, the less you have to remember the next time you make up more stories. I had a thing for her, but she had a thing for someone else, and
She used to come here. I get it. 
The titian-haired beauty sipped her wine, slipping the phone in my jacket pocket. 
Nope. Never saw her. Sorry. 
Hey, dont be sorry. Just be you, I said, taking her by the chin and drawing her near for a quick kiss. She giggled. On her, it was charming. She yanked me to my feet so we could have another go with the ballroom crowd. I was getting better, though. I only stepped on her toes twice every song. 
The music slipped into a bluesy rendition of a classic. I pressed her close, breathing in the heady perfume that was so different from Ruths. Her ribs were prominent under the taut skin. My fingers probed their bony structure. While in need of a few hamburgers, there was enough mass to make my blood boil and my stick shift to go into drive. 
Lets go, she whispered. Escorting me across the hardwood floors, my heart was paddling upstream as fast as it could. Waiting for the elevator seemed interminable. Once inside, Sophia made up for the none-too-swift ascent by starting the foreplay in the tight quarters. My head was swimming as she wrapped one leg around my waist. Her tongue darted into my receptive mouth, her hips starting rhythmic micro-humps. 
When the doors opened, I rushed out, carrying her down the hall in my arms. We passed an elderly couple who smiled knowingly. I reciprocated, fishing out the card key. When the green light flashed, I hurried through. Hustling straight to the bed, I tossed my little captive lady on top. 
Before I could unbutton my shirt, she pulled me on top of her. We reversed positions in no time at all. From there, we went into the stratosphere, circling Jupiter at least one hundred times. God, she was delicious! Seemingly built for sex, she knew every nuance a man craved. She liberally dispensed those secrets upon my body, and I was lost in some primal directive. This was the reason we were put on Earth, and I sure as hell wasnt going to argue. 
Oh, my God, Sophia. That was  amazing, I murmured as I rolled off of her. Id wanted to come up with a bigger descriptive word, but my brain was having some kind of meltdown. It was understandable. 
Remembering that women dont like oafs who stray off by themselves after sexual encounters, I scooted back, my arm going under her head. If she wanted cuddling, I would be the blanket she leaned on. 
I kissed her forehead, my head snapping back against the pillow. 
So whats your last name, I queried. 
You really want to know, Mr. Savage? she teased, her finger running through the hair on my chest. 
Mr. Savage? So youve been checking up on me? I joked, giving her another quick peck. 
Just a little. I asked the desk clerk.
Well, maybe Ill just ask about you, oh, Lady of Mystery. I chuckled. 
It wouldnt matter. They wouldnt say anything. 
I leaned over to see if she was kidding. By the light streaming through the window, I could see that she wasnt. 
Youre serious? 
Absolutely, Mr. Savage. The Abyssinian is protective of their guests. 
But Im a guest, I retorted.
Turning onto her shoulder, she tapped the end of my nose with one nail. 
You are a stranger. 
I dont understand. 
She got up, strolling to the light switch. Turning on the overhead lights, she decreased the brightness until it was just enough. The sharp shadows accentuated every curve of her startlingly perfect form. 
Youre not meant to, darling. Picking up the phone, she ordered champagne. I retrieved my shorts from where theyd been flung and stepped into them. I made a note to switch to boxers. Tidy whities were designed to make men look stupid. 
She lounged on the couch. I walked behind, massaging her shoulders and kissing the back of her neck. 
Im not sure I follow. Why all the mystery? All I wanted to know is your last name and The light bulb went on inside. I made another note to stop being a stupid dick. Sophia isnt your real name, is it? 
A knock on the door interrupted her response. She grabbed my shirt and answered the door, signing for the order. I had no idea whose name she signed, nor did I care. I just hoped Marges checks had cleared. 
Rolling in the cart, she picked up the bottle of champagne and used the opener provided. Pouring out two glasses, she made a toast. 
To Mr. Curt Savage and me. 
The girl with no name, I quipped as I touched my glass to hers. 
She had a throaty laugh. It turned me on. 
Thats pretty much it. I come here to unwind. I dont want  complications. 
Or love? I asked, taking another swallow. 
Whats love got to do with it, darling? Besides, I might have already found that. You might be a fling. How would that be? To know you helped me unwind? 
I neared. Taking one of her hands, I kissed her fingers. Her nails were red. Precisely manicured, they looked like they could shred a side of beef. 
Well, it would explain the condoms you just happen to carry around. But to answer your question, it would be fine. Ill take anything I can get. 
She seemed to approve of the reply. I moved even closer as my fingers slipped around the back of her long neck. I put my glass down. Taking hers, I set it next to mine. I gathered her up, carrying her back into bed. My hands went inside my shirt, which she was still wearing. 
I tell you what, Miss No Name. I have one for you. One that Ill always remember. 
And what would that be, Curt? she whispered. 
Angel. Id like to call you Angel if thats all right. Thats what you are to me. 
The hypnotic green eyes half closed. Lazily appraising me, there was a trace of affection or perhaps it was my imagination helped along by the poor light. My phone rang. I wasnt expecting any calls, and the world could wait. I needed a second helping of my fallen angel. 




CHAPTER 37

In the morning, I reached to the other side of the king-sized bed, but my angel was gone. I ran my fingers through my hair; it was moving day. Before I got a chance to shower, I got a call from the front desk, telling me that the room was available for one more night. Although more time spent with Sophia was a lure, there was also an idea gestating in my brain. I accepted on the spot. 
I washed, choosing to put on my good sports shirt. It was the only one I had brought along and I was hoping to run into you know who. A quick scan of the dining room didnt reveal any coppery tresses, but it did uncover the Chandlers, who waved me over. 
The breakfast chatter was delightful. This couple had been everywhere and knew just how to be spiffy meal companions. I bid them adieu, leaving their dinner invitation dangling. I didnt know my plans because I didnt know Angels. 
I stopped by the front desk. Dee was back. Only this time, I found out her name was Sandra. 
Sandra, is a woman named Sophia around? Tall, red-headed, thin, looks like a model or an actress. 
The one that ordered champagne last night? 
No smile on her lips, Sandra really cut to the chase. 
Yes, that would be the girl. 
No, Sophia checked out this morning. 
Dinner with the Chandlers was on. I went to my room, requesting my car be out front in fifteen minutes. While I was speaking, I remembered the call Id received last night. Id turned my phone off so Angel and I wouldnt be interrupted again. 
Snatching my cell off the nightstand, itd been Mike that placed the call. In fact, shed called about fifteen times after that, leaving callbacks every ten minutes until she gave up. Its not good to disappoint Mike. 
Mike? Sorry. I got kind of busy last night. 
As if thats an excuse. I needed you, man! 
Alarm was in her voice, pinching it into louder than necessary tones. I reacted to the urgency. 
Whats going on? Talk to me. 
I knew that scumbag Lamprey wasnt to be trusted. Remember that party I told you about? Well, Candy was propositioned. And offered X amount of dollars to be someones twentieth wife. 
No? But, isnt that pretty normal conversation? I mean, model chasers are usually sleazy as hell. 
Yes, but a friend of Candys has disappeared. 
She had my interest. I couldnt brush that one off. 
Details. 
She just didnt come home. Her names Adele. Stunning girl. She and Candy became tight because the other girls that were brought over from the States are a little looser in the sexual arena. You might say theyre hookers. 
Are you exaggerating? 
No. Candy and Adele are the only two that could legitimately be hired as models. Anyway, they exchanged numbersand sob storiesand they were going to look out for one another. So Candy calls her room yesterday morning  oh, thats the other thing I need to tell you. This modeling agency wouldnt let the girls room together. Hows that for funny shit? 
That is weird. Usually, they want to save money. 
But this splits them up, dont it? So she calls, and no Adele. Goes to the front desk, and Adele Glover never checked back in last night. So Candy calls her phone. No answer. It slides into voicemail. This went on for a couple of hours. Candy calls Hirschy, who is the head sleazeball taking care of these models, and Hirschy tells her that Adele has gone home. However, he doesnt know that Candy knows Adeles parents number, so she calls home and
No Adele. 
Exactly. Then, last night, I decided to stay with Candy. I was getting bad vibes about the way she was treated. Dont you know, these two guys came into the room. 
They broke in? 
Oh, no, they did not. They had their own key card and strolled in. They spotted me sleeping on the couch and mumbled something about being in the wrong room, but how did they get the card? 
I see your point.
Anyway, I took her to another hotel and were incommunicado, but not for long. Mr. Hirschy has her passport, you know. 
No, I didnt.
Told her he needed it for something, so Im going to get in touch with some people who know some people and pay him a visit tomorrow. 
I had no idea. 
I havent gotten to the best part. 
Which is? 
Wallace. 
What about Wallace? I asked. 
When Candy was at the party, I resumed the search of his computer and guess what I found? 
What? 
Pages and pages of links and info on the Bonner case.
Danielle Bonner? The little girl that was found dead in her parents home? 
The same. And remember that it was dead as in being asphyxiated while being sexually molested. I told you the guy was a perv. 
Its intriguing, but not enough. Hell, I was reading up on that case, too. 
Still? Youve been downloading everything for the past four years? 
Maybe hes writing a book? 
Yeah, and maybe my ass lays golden eggs. Youre such a fucking idiot sometimes. 
I am indeed. Keep me posted. And if you need anything, I can fly out there. My passport is up to date.
Thanks, Savage. You are a friend. 
None truer. Goodbye. 


CHAPTER 38

I headed to Wizzy. Wizzy was the intentional community that seemed to have sprung up around The Abyssinian, and no, I didnt know it existed either. 
It was a pretty community once you found it. Lots of restaurants and touristy things to do, Id already done an online search for Blanchards number. There were Blanchards galore, but nothing for one residing in Wizzy, California.
As I made my way down the center of townat least, I think it was the centerI started thinking about a certain redhead that had crawled under my skin. Why had she left? Could be that work called her home. Or it could be that Id gotten too clingy? For someone that survived by having one-night stands, I can imagine that quality can be irritating. 
The time spent with her was so memorable. Like a movie going from black and white to technicolor. And could you really judge things by how long they lasted? Like drugs, for instance. You can use that nickel bag only once, but it gets you higher than a kite in seconds. Okay, maybe that was a bad example. Thats why I dont usually dabble in analogies. 
I picked a place at random, and started the journey of finding Blanchard. Somebody had to know him. Especially in a place this size. The first shopkeeper I asked didnt. I went on to the next, and so on down the line of stores and eateries. By sheer chance, there was a mailman making his rounds. I ran up to him. 
Say, Im looking for a guy named Blanchard. Hes yea high, and about 190 and is excitable. 
You mean Crazy Blanchard? 
How couldnt I have guessed that nickname?
Yes, I answered with the authority of someone whod met him. 
He lives on Wilmore. Thats about a half a mile from here. Take Belle Drive, then hang a right. Youll be on Canyon Road. Hang another right until you get to Wilmore. Hes at 74, white house with no dog. We postal workers make a note of such things. 
I imagine you do. Thanks and nice shorts. You can carry them off without looking ridiculous, I lied. 
Appreciate it. 
I took off in search of Crazy. It would have helped if I had asked for Blanchards real first name, but my bad. I found the small, one-story structure easily thanks to the great directions given to me by  Guess I should have asked for his name also. Double bad. 
A Rambler in the driveway; did they still make those things? Whether it was running or not was anyones guess. I rang, hearing the reciprocal bell go off inside the home. From there, I waited. I knew the drill. It wasnt long until Crazys face appeared behind the screen door remained latched. 
Blanchard peered at me the same way a scientist would inspect a suspected Big Foot turd. 
Say, I know you! Youre the guy I spoke to the other day! I have your picture! Ill take it to the cops if you dont leave me alone! God, you people think you can do anything, dont you? 
Please, hold on, Mr. Blanchard. I have no idea who you people are. This is the first time Ive been to The Abyssinian. 
One time is enough to let me know youre part of that cabal! 
Could a nickname be any more perfect? 
Im not part of anything. Im a private detective. I was sent here to find this girl. I reached for my phone, displaying the stored photos of Ruth. If youve been keeping tabs on the comings and goings, I figure you might have seen her. Her parents are worried. Maybe she got caught up in this cabal youre talking about. 
The last part was pure improvisation. Mike was rubbing off in all the right ways, but the best part was that the bullshit worked. Blanchard opened the door a crack, taking my phone from me. He shuffled through the pics. 
She does look familiar. A girl like that you dont forget. 
Maybe he wasnt so crazy. 
Why dont you come in? he offered, holding the door open for me to partake of his hospitality. I scooted on in before he changed his mind. Please have a seat, he offered. 
Taking one was going to be a problem. A bit of a hoarder; there were stacks of magazines, papers, and other assorted materials covering most of the livable space. 
This is evidence that Ive collected, he explained as he pointed to the assemblage. Havent gotten a proper filing system, but the good stuff is tucked away. Im saying that in case what you said isnt true. Theyve already sent someone to break in. Did a fine job burning practically everything Id collected, but I outsmarted those assholes. I had copies. 
With that, he started laughing a bit maniacally for my taste, but then I hadnt had my digs tossed like a chopped salad. I passed my ID to him. Didnt think anyone in the cabal would do that. 
Curt Savage. Sounds like an alias to me. 
Stage name. Tried to make it in show biz before I became a detective. 
He nodded his head, giving me back my drivers license. Popping up, he brushed aside papers to get to his keyboard. 
You were looking for that girl. Whats her name? 
Ruth Kramer, I responded. No sense bringing the Warwicks into this. Plus, if he did a search, hed find out she was dead. I got up, looking over his shoulder. He was fast-forwarding through a picture database.
Do you have those in any particular order? 
Just by date. Well, I do have some by name, but Ruth Kramer doesnt yield any results. 
Can I ask you about this cabal? 
You can ask, but Im not going to say much. 
Because you still dont know who I am, I surmised.
Exactly. But if you want to know, I put up a blog. I post it under an assumed identity. 
And the name of this would be? 
Would be for you to find out. You could be recording this. I dont want to be connected. Certainly not by my own admission. Ill be happy to go through these photos for you, but itll take a while. 
I can narrow it down for you. It would have to be at least a year and a half ago. 
That helps. 
Good, I said, standing up. Taking a pen out of my pocket, I began writing my number down.
I already got your number if thats what youre doing, he said, smiling. Never give someone your phone without expecting them to look. 
Now he was giving me rules. 
Thanks for the advice, but Ill bet you dont know my email. 
You got me there. 
Here, I said, handing it to him. Please let me know what youve found. Im most interested in knowing if she was seen with anyone. Might help locate her. Do you have any idea of how long itll take? 
A couple hours or a couple of days, who knows? 
Exactly, who the hell knows anything? 
 
CHAPTER 39

I hung out in Wizzy for a while. Buying a t-shirt that proclaimed I Got Wizzed for Mike, I wondered how she and Candy were progressing on the passport front. It was strange how the euphemism that the world was a scary place had come true. Self-fulfilling prophesy? Something to consider on those nights you cant sleep. 
I headed back to The Abyssinian. I didnt believe in missing meals, especially when they were good enough to be called cuisine. I showered and changedyou couldnt be too fastidious for this place. I half expected them to ask me to turn my jacket inside so they could check for loose threads. If there were any found, I had no doubt that Id be sent packing. 
While the Chandlers were as delightfully verbose as ever, I checked out of the dinner show. I wasnt in the mood to watch happy couples trip the light fantastic. I was being spiteful because I lacked the right partner, but that was how it went in my world. 
I checked for messages, seeing two. One was from an A. Blanchard. I still didnt know his first name, but the first initial gave me a clue. The other from my buddy Wolfie. Id have a go at Crazy first. 
Hello, Mr. Blanchard. Just returning your call, I said, sprawling back onto the mattress. Nestling in, I was making myself comfortable. 
You take me for a fool? 
It wasnt the response Id been looking for. I was immediately jarred into a torso-raising position. Why couldnt things ever go smoothly? 
Not sure what that means, Mr. Blanchard. 
It means you lied. Ruth Kramer, indeed! You know who she really is. Shes the fiance you were accused of killing. 
Why did people always mix up the facts? Being tarred and feathered in the local papers wasnt the same as the police officially charging you with a crime. 
I was never accused, Mr. Blanchard. And, no, I dont think youre stupid. I was just trying to find out who did murder the woman I loved. Is that so difficult to understand? 
I expect not, but under these circumstances, it leads to speculation as to what the truth is. 
I apologize. This is the truth.
And the private investigator business? 
Truth. 
I dont see a website. No listings in Creston. That is where youre from, he retorted. 
Its because I just got into this profession. Im working on my second case, and this isnt it. This is a personal vendetta. I want to know who butchered Ruth. There was a pause. I was getting through, or thought I was. I dipped my other foot into the water. Did you find any pictures of her? Do you know who she was meeting here? 
I found lots of pictures. Most were from December and January. Not last year, but the previous. Her father comes here too. 
December and January. She had time off from school and told me she was spending it with her family. Maybe she was.
And was her father with her? 
Nope. Daddy wasnt there. 
Who was? Do you know? Can you send me the photos? 
I could, but I dont trust ya. Only one person in the world I trust, and it aint you. 
Look, Mr. Blanchard. Im sorry about the deception. I dont know why I lied. I just thought  
That I was crazy. Thats my nickname, you know. Nobody believes me, but then maybe you do. You would if you were one of them. 
We were back to that. 
What is your first name? 
Aleister, he answered. No comment here. 
Al, Im only trying to find out who killed Ruthie. 
If youre not one of them, youll go down before they will. 
You think this mysterious group killed her? Why? 
To keep secrets. For fun. Or just because. You want more? he answered. 
I was tired of playing along with this guys paranoia. 
No, I only want those photos. 
Ill have to think about that. Long and hard, he snorted before hanging up. 
God, I was so screwed. Hoping to cheer up, I punched in my friends number. He answered on the first ring. 
Hey, Wolfie.
Bad news, Savage. Dont suppose you heard. 
No, I sure didnt. I moved to the couch for this one. If I passed out, I wanted to be sitting up. Whats up?
Amy Weissmans been abducted. 
What? I shot, springing to my feet. This could not be happening. 
Hank?
We think so. 
But I thought he was in jail. 
No, not since yesterday morning. With a first time offense  
But the child pornography that you found. 
His lawyer said it was planted, and goddamn if I dont agree. There were no fingerprints on those CDs. None. You know anyone that wears gloves for viewing their private collection of smut? 
Fuck! 
So they let him out? 
Yup. Judge set bail and he went home. Amy was snatched that afternoonfrom her backyard. And coincidentally, Wallace has disappeared. 
Double fuck! 
So you put an Amber alert out on her  and him. 
Yes, were actively looking and not twiddling our thumbs, as you seem to be implying. And Wallace was released over my strenuous objections, but that evidence  it didnt wash. 
Christ, this is worse than bad, Wolfie. The Weissmans must be going nuts right about now. 
Yes, they are. Ive spoken with them both, several times. Its absolutely the worst part of my job. Well, I just thought youd want to know. 
Yeah, thanks. Keep me posted. 
My head was swimming, my stomach in knots. I mean, what the hell? I hit speed dial. There was one more call to place. When the call slid into voicemail, I said my piece. 
Mike, you were right. Wallace was after Amyand he got her. 
 
CHAPTER 40

I rose, neither bright nor happy. Breakfasting with the Chandlers, I asked if theyd ever stayed in Room 311. After all, that room was why I came. The couple hadnt, but Miriam was friendly with someone who had. 
I think that Hathaway woman stayed there. I remember visiting her for brunch. What do you need to know? 
What it looked like before the renovation. 
Thats difficult to answer, since I dont know what it looks like now. 
Would you mind coming up after you finish and having a look? 
I suppose I could. 
Miriam and Percy did make the pilgrimage. I stood to the side as she pointed to furniture, giving her best estimate as to where the pieces had been located before the rearrangement. She did say that most of it was new.
But what about the headboard? I pulled out the picture of Mike. What was painted there? 
She scrutinized the photo, taking my request seriously. 
Im sorry, Curtis. I really dont know. 
Could it have been a bird? I pressed. I hoped it would trigger her memory so that she could confirm what Sophia told me. 
Who told you it was a bird? Percival asked. 
No one, I responded. Why I was being deceptive, I didnt know. Look where it got me with Blanchard. It was a guess. The next guess would have been an animal and then a seascape. 
It could have been any of the things you mentioned, Miriam answered. Sorry. 
Miriam returned my phone to me. I wished them well and started to pack. I needed to be out in a couple of hours. A rattling in the hallway caught my attention. It was a maid. Whats the saying? Carpe housekeeper? 
Say, I was wondering if you could help me, 
You need towels? the dark-haired woman asked. Cherubic, her long tresses were gathered in a bun. From the way she chopped her words, it was clear that her first language wasnt English. I pressed ahead. 
No, I replied, displaying the photo of Mike again. Do you know what was on here? I asked pointing to the painting on the headboard. It was in the room Im staying311. 
She thought a moment, squeezing her cheeks together before puffing them out. A eureka moment passed over her features. 
A bird, she exclaimed, her arms mimicking the flying motion of wings. 
Excellent, but what kind of a bird? 
She shook her head forcefully. The well was dry. I took my cell back, thanking her profusely before returning to my room. While she couldnt answer all my questions, shed at least validated what Sophia had said. 
Once inside my temporary digs, my phone went off. It was Mike. This wasnt going to be pretty. 
You fucking moron! she started, but then Id been expecting worse. I told you he was after Amy! I fucking told you! 
Yes, you did. 
And I told you that the police were nunchucks! I told you! And they let him go and now Amys gone! 
Well, technically, the judge let him go. The police objected, but there were no fingerprints on those CDs. It pointed to the evidence being planted. 
I didnt have that much time, did I? At least I tried, which is more than you did! 
Hows Candy doing? Did you get her passport back? 
Fuck you! she screamed before she hung up. It was the Mike Id grown to love and I did not blame her one bit. The little girl being snatched was devastating. 
I went into the bathroom, doing a last check. I found no more of my possessions littering the shelves, so I did a quick search of the drawers and closets. They were Savage-free. With two minutes to spare, I grabbed the handle of my suitcase and loped down to the front desk. 
Hey, Sandra. Im checking out. Whats the damage? I teased. 
Damage? Oh, you mean bill? Its been taken care of. 
Did the surprises never cease? 
By who? 
Sophia, she responded before walking away. 
Okay, ratchet up the surprises into the realm of shock. Was I that good? Evidently, size really doesnt matter. 
I piled into my rental, tipping the attendant mightily. Why not? I was off the hook for hundreds of dollars. I strapped myself in just as the phone rang. Thinking it might be Blanchard, I answered immediately. 
Hello, Mr. Savage. You must have enjoyed The Abyssinian. Why else stay an extra night? 
Dr. Shadows was back. And how did everyone know what I do? Was it being simulcast on some website? 
Whatever, I sneered. I only answered because I thought you were someone else. And this place was another dry hole. If you have something to say, go ahead because this is the last call Im taking from you. 
I doubt that because I have something worth your while. And that hole you believe is dry; its not. Theres plenty to drink if you know the right places. 
Really?
Yes, really. You see, you think it is because youre relying on bad information. Youve got to be careful who you listen to. 
Oh, but I can trust you. 
Yes. 
Well, then tell me what it is that I have wrong? 
Ruthies favorite Greek character. 
But I already know that. Its Demeter.
No, you only think you know. 
Are you saying what I think youre saying? 
Yes, Mr. Savage. Becca lied. 
* * * * *
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Born in the idyllic, sleepy town of Ithaca, NY, Ruth Bainbridge has been a lover of mysteries for her entire life.

Ever since a child, she has consumed detective stories at regular intervals, becoming enamored with all the superstars of crime. She loved nothing more than to match wits with the likes of Hercule Poirot, Miss Marple, Thomas Pitt, Lord Peter Wimsey, Richard Jury and Edward X Delaney, becoming inspired by their brilliance. Hoping to emulate her writing idols achievements in dreaming up such characters, she started composing her own short stories.

However, life interfered with her plans of becoming the next hopeful to try a life of crimeon paper at least. Devoting herself to her marriage and the raising of four children, the empty nest syndrome gave her the impetus to return to her first lovemurder.

Diving in with both feet, Ruth is writing not one, but two series. Each will introduce a sparkling new detective with a razor sharp mind. The first, Alex Trout Matthews, is a former NYC detective. Retired, he moves to the fictional town of Portsmith, Idaho so he can focus on his one passionfishing. But as Ruth puts it, Murder rarely leaves an inquisitive mind alone for long. He soon finds himself pulled back in the stream of things in MURDER MOST FOWL.

Her debut work SAVAGE SUMMER will introduce Curtis Owen Savage into the world of ink and fury. Savage is engaged and about to be married when the brutal murder of his fiance sends the world crashing down around him. Depressed, he isolates himself to better deal with the pain, but his beloved Ruthie wont leave him alone. Haunting him with her presence, he becomes obsessed with finding her killer, and making him pay for taking her away.

With the help of a quirky friend and an old colleague, he takes his first steps, but the poisoning of a next door neighbors dog lands him his first caseand into a new profession. Hired as a private detective, he navigates through a complex series of clues to discover why someone attempted to kill the black Pomeranian. In the midst of trying to track down the motive, he receives his first anonymous phone call from a phantom who insists he knows secrets about his fiances death. Dubbing the caller Dr. Shadows, the tidbits scattered become the breadcrumbs that lead Savage down a dark rabbit hole that was never meant to be discovered.

Please be sure to join Ms. Bainbridges mailing list to keep updated on these two exciting events. She will also be offering exclusive deals and opportunities through her newsletter.

http://eepurl.com/EeLTL



