Fledgling
Tabatha Palomo
Copyright 2010 by Tabatha Palomo
Smashwords Edition
Chapter 1
His eyes werent human.  They were waves and sparks of all shades of blue, and they were ancient and new and everything that a seventeen year old boy could never be.  She shouldnt have been able to see his eyes from where she was standing, especially not in such detail, but she did.
She knew this boy. He was new to this school, she couldnt remember ever seeing him before, and yet, there was no doubt in her mind that she did know this boy. She recognized those eyes.
He was taller than she was, his body at that awkward stage that comes after a growth spurt.  He wore a pink knit hat with pompoms strung from the top, like something a five-year-old girl would wear.  When he moved, she knew that it would be with a deadly grace that betrayed his gawky figure.
A boy from her Trig class Riley- elbowed his friends, all of them snickering at the new kid. They always laughed at anyone they could risk laughing at, so Austin barely paid them any attention.
But she noticed when Riley bumped into the kid, snatching the hat off his head and letting it fall to the ground.
She noticed the way the boys features stiffened, the way his fists shoved themselves into his hoodie pockets, the coldness in his sharp features as he whipped around to glare at Riley.
Nice hat, Riley laughed loudly in the way that overconfident white boys always did, knowing that they could get away with almost everything they did, Did your boyfriend make it for you?
A girl gave it to me, the new kid snapped, And if you touch it again, I swear Ill-
The new kid flipped his hair out of his eyes and pushed past Riley, his shoulder digging into Rileys chest.  He went to pick up his fallen hat. It wasnt a hard task since a circle had cleared around them; violence wasnt a stranger to this high school.
Austin watched, fascinated.
The boy tucked the pink hat into his back pocket. He turned to face Riley with one eyebrow raised.
Riley launched away from his friends and into the new kids personal space. It was too close for any of them to be comfortable.
	Austin checked to make sure that her flip phone was safe in her pocket it was- and sighed.  She would text her best friend about this later, but right now, she was going to do something stupid.  
Why did Aiden have to be absent today?  If he were here, he would stop her from walking into the middle of the fight.  He would stop her from trying to break it up.
	But he wasnt here, and thats exactly what she did.  Austin cut through the crowd, dodging elbows and backpacks, and stumbled just as she reached the two boys.  She stood directly in front of the new kid, which wasnt the best of ideas.  Rileys fist was already pulled back, snapping forward in her direction.
 She put her arms up in front of her face to block the punch that never came.
	We dont hit girls in this school, a calm, slightly familiar voice said.  She saw a hand gripping Rileys arm tightly, restraining it, and then she saw the antique watch connected to it.  Kai Davis, And you dont hit anyone. Riley, we cant have you getting suspended from the team for violence.  We need you this year.
	Kais eyes, which were as light as the blue chalk that covered their English teachers board, were ice cold as he stared Riley down. The glare he gave Riley made him much more intimidating than his average build and fluffy blonde hair should have allowed.
 He gave Austin a quick once over, making sure that she wasnt damaged, and turned away without a word.  He cut through the congested hallways with surprising ease.
Despite his cold attitude, no one gave Kai a hard time to his face. He got things done, and he was efficient.
	His girlfriend and her lab partner, a girl named Chelsea, gave her a smile, You okay?
	She nodded and Chelsea walked away quickly so that she could catch up with Kai.
Austin turned to the boy behind her, On behalf of everyone at this school, I apologize.  Most of the kids here are complete
	She trailed off, gesturing around them.  The boy got what she was trying to say, and said, Sokay.  Theyre only human.
	Thats not a good reason for anything, she rolled her eyes at his flimsy excuse for them, How badly did you get beat up? I only saw the last bits of it.
Not badly at all, actually, he shrugged, You shouldnt have put yourself in front of me.  I can handle stuff like that.
You seemed too busy defending that cute girl to defend yourself, Austin pointed out, raising her eyebrows, Does she actually exist?
It wasnt unheard of for someone to lie about a girl, especially in this school.
She exists, the boy chuckled, messing with the hat, Shes really only six.  Or, she was six the last time I saw her.  Its been a few years.
"Is that right? she asked, because that seemed like the right response, Well, I have to get to class, so-
Whats your name? the boy asked.  He took off his hat and stuffed it into his backpack, Mine is Dustin, in case you were wondering.
Austin, she said, waiting for the response that she always received (isnt that a boys name?). She liked her name.
Austin, Dustin nodded, It suits you.
That surprised her, and Austin turned away so that he wouldnt see the pleased look that spread across her face.  From his snicker, she could tell that she failed in that.
Austin, by nature, didn't like talking to the people around her. She didn't like exchanging words with the workers at Starbucks and didn't like interacting with people her ageespecially boys. Aiden had so far been the only exception.
Talking to someone new had always been scary, but it was usually manageable. The most intimidating people were usually the least dull. Dustin wasn't like that. He wasn't scary, but he wasnt boring.
That was her number one rule. Nothing is allowed to be boring. She wasn't sure when this rule came into effect, but it was a good one to live by, and that's what she planned to do.
Austin suffered through her first two periods (both taught by nasally voiced women who thought that their students enjoyed hearing about their personal lives), but visibly brightened as she stepped into her third period. She loved history.
She dug out her notebook and started to copy down the bell ringer in neat, boxy letters. A loud noise to her left startled her, making her careful script turn into something that a third grader would write.  She hurriedly erased it and rewrote the offending letters before turning her glare on the source of the noise.
"Civil War history," Dustin grinned at her, "Fascinating.
When she saw who it was, the intensity of her glare lessened, Hi, Dustin.  I didnt expect to see you here.
Not that she had expected to see him in any of her classes.  She hadnt thought of this possibility at all.
You think I dont like history? he placed a hand over his heart, feigning hurt at what she had suggested, Im wounded.
You like history? she asked, getting the tiniest bit excited. She wouldnt expect him to be like Aiden, who knew each and everything there was to know about the civil war, but she would take what she could get.
Actually no, you were right.  I just needed more credits to graduate, he shrugged, History doesnt excite me, really.  And you?
"I like history," Austin copied him, shrugging, "And Mr. Smith is the best teacher Ive ever had.
"Which means you have a crush on him," he coughed, teasing her. She frowned at him.  She didnt appreciate that joke. 
"It means that he's a cool teacher.  Everyone thinks so," she snapped.
 Mr. Smith waltzed into the classroom. He wore a different tweed coat than the one he usually wore, but his tattered twine bracelet still hung off his wrist.
It looks like we have a new studentoh, stop looking back at him.  Youll have plenty of time to look and gossip later, he picked up a piece of chalk and underlined a section of the notes that Austin had already copied down, This is going to be on the quiz.
He didnt usually treat new students with such familiarity, but Austin didnt think anything of it.  While Mr. Smith went on to animatedly explain the Confederations motivation for the war, Dustin leaned closer to Austin, majorly invading her personal space.
Austin whispered, leaning away, Mr. Smiths tests are insanely hard.  Youre going to want to write this all down.
Ill get it later, he assured her.  Austin hadnt pegged him for a slacker or procrastinator, but he seemed to be both, Okay, so this girl invited me to some party.
Who? she asked.  She didnt like gossip, but she felt that was the appropriate response
I have no idea, but the party sounds sick.  I havent been to one in forever, he beamed.  Austin decided not to comment on his choice of words, even though she firmly believed that the word sick belonged back in the 1990s, Come with me.
Austin knew about the party, of course.  Everyone always ends up finding out about Kais parties.  She had an extra advantage since she was the first to get the information, with Kais girlfriend being her lab partner.
It really was too bad that unique edge was given to the one student of the school who didnt party. 
Dustin continued before she could give him an answer, "I don't like being out of control, so I wouldn't drink with you. Sorry."
"I don't drink," she sniffed, putting the notes back into her orange folder. Dustin chuckled under his breath, like he had expected that answer.  Good for him; did he want a prize?
"Okay, so you won't drink and I won't drink. I'll see you there," he said, running a hand through his messy hair like that settled it.
"I'm still not going," she crossed her arms over her chest. Parties weren't her scene, and she wasnt going to change that just for him.
 Dustin Knight, Mr. Smith placed a hand on the new students desk, making them both jump, Id like to see you after class.  And Austin, he raised his eyebrows, Youre my best student.  Try not to fall behind.
Dont worry. I wont, Austin nodded, her cheeks hot and uncomfortable at being caught slacking off.  Once the bell had run, she gave Dustin a quick goodbye. 
See you tonight, he gave her a small salute, his tone thick with fake implications.  She wondered who the bigger idiot was in this friendship (were they friends?): him, or her?
No you wont, she promised him.  She should have known that he would say something like that.  He was the predictable one, not her.  Not bothering to watch for his reaction, she walked out of the classroom.
What was that about? Kais girlfriend attached herself to Austins side as soon as they were both out of the classroom.  Chelsea sat in the second row from the back, so she would have had a clear view of when Mr. Smith reprimanded the both of themno matter how discreet the teacher had been.
"He doesn't seem like he's your type," Chelsea said to her as soon as they were both outside the classroom. She was a social butterfly, and Austin obviously was not. They sat next to each other in science, and Chelsea helped her with the things she didn't understand, "And I thought you liked Aiden."
"We're all just friends," Austin assured her quickly.  At the beginning of the year, some girls had gotten the wrong message. That hadnt been pretty, since theyd been crushing on Aiden pretty hardcore.  Chelsea already had a boyfriend, but Austin still didnt want the rumor starting up again.
"You sure?" she raised her eyebrows, and giggled. A shadow of something flickered across her face (worry?), but disappeared so fast that Austin wasn't sure she'd even seen it, "Well okay."
Austin took a deep breath and asked a dangerous, dangerous question, "Hey, when is Kai's party?"
"You want go to our party?" Chelsea repeated, her mouth popping open. "Okay, yeah. The party starts as soon as it gets dark."
"Thanks," Austin nodded, trying to ignore the way her stomach was twisting, "But I might not come.
She wanted Chelsea to know that this wasnt a sure thing.  She could easily, at any time, back out.  She probably wouldnt come.  Probably.
"Right," Chelsea laughed and turned to go into her classroom, "I'll see you in sixth period.  And then at our party.
"Yeah," Austin nodded.  She felt like she always did after reading a thick, well-written bookshe never knew what she should do.  She could easily pick up another book and carry on with what shed been doing previously, or she could do something different.  Until now, she had always stuck to what shed always done.
But should she?  Was that really the right thing to do?
Suddenly, she wasnt very sure.
Chapter 2
Austin doodled meaningless symbols on the back of her notebook, engraving one that seemed to be a cross of the letters G, C, an I, and a chair.  Shed been drawing that one a lot lately.
"Well you're popular," Dustin sat down at the table, empty save for themselves. He dug through his brown paper bag and pulled out something encased in plastic wrap.
Austin shrugged noncommittally, "I don't like people."
She had her own flimsy excuses to use, thank you.
"What's not to like?" he asked, taking a bite of his standard peanut butter and jelly sandwich.  He sounded genuinely interested, so Austin decided to answer genuinely.
"They're boring," she said, and opened her own bottle of Coca Cola that she had bought from the school vending machine. She would have rather gotten a red Gatorade, but this would suffice.
Your life is going to get significantly unboring, he leaned across the table, his eyes deeper than his words, I promise you that, Austin Johnson.
Anders, she corrected him automatically, My last name is Anders.
"Thats what I said, Dustin said, Now, about that party
"I've never been to one," she said dryly, coming to stand firm on her decision once again, "So no."
"Never been to a party?" he gasped.  The situation didnt call for his dramatics, but he didnt seem to care, "That  decides it. You're coming."
"No," Austin took a sip of her soda.
"You have to have this experience," Dustin insisted, leaning towards her, "It's important for...uh, development and stuff.   Its a teenage experience.  Youre a teenager.  Everyone-
"You're just making stuff up," she laughed at him, shaking her head. Dustin just grinned wider, unfazed that she saw through him.
"And if I am?" he asked. Did the boy ever stop smiling?
Austin took another sip of her soda, thinking it was best not to reply. The bell rung, signaling the end of lunch, and she stood up.
"I'll see you later," Dustin gave her a lighthearted salute, and stepped into the crowd. Austin watched him walk farther and farther away -an easy thing to do since he was one of the tallest boys in the school- with an odd feeling in her stomach.
She realized she was staring, and quickly turned around to head to her own science class. She made it to her own class right as the tardy bell rung, and she took a seat next to Chelsea.
The blonde girl slipped a folded piece of paper into Austin's notebook. The note's top right corner was poking out, and Austin was scared of it, however irrational the fear was.  Somewhere in the back of her mind, she knew that it was just a piece of paper.  It was insignificant.
She unfolded it, saw that the address of Kai's was on it, and tucked it into her pocket, "I don't think I'm going to come."
"You should," Chelsea giggled just a bit too enthusiastically, "It'll be so much fun!"
"Why do you-" Austin cut herself off and blushed. It wouldn't be that great of a decision to make fun of her lab partner, "Never mind."
"What? Tell me," Chelsea smiled softly, her hazel eyes sparkling.
"You try too hard," Austin said all at once. If she had to, she would blame her bluntness on Dustin later, "To act nice."
Chelsea blinked a few times, probably processing the new information, then nodded, "Duly noted."
Austin looked back down at her notebook, embarrassed, "Yeah."
"What gave me away?" she chuckled, leaning back. Austin was surprised that Chelsea was taking it so well. Still, not about to press her luck, she didn't answer that question.
"Your math is wrong there," Chelsea leaned over, pointing out the mistake, "You should have 126.3, not 126.5."
"That is a three," Austin frowned and erased the badly drawn number. Her handwriting was usually neat, "But thanks."
She rewrote the number and started to work on her conversions, not wanting to talk to the popular girl anymore. Stuck in the nervous mindset she had put herself in, she barely paid attention for the next period and a half.
Once school had officially ended, she immediately started her walk home, but she was surprised when she felt a tap on her shoulder.
"Hi," Dustin greeted her with that lopsided grin still on his face, "Nice to see that you were going to wait for me."
"Was I supposed to?" she blinked in response. Just as she had predicted, Dustin didn't falter. Actually, he did the opposite. He seemed to find her apathy to him amusing.
"No, of course not," he scoffed, "It's not like we're friends or anything."
"Of course not," Austin quipped, and was shocked at herself. Did she consider him a friend?
He elbowed her and pointed to a street vendor, "Do you want a cheeseburger? I'll pay."
Yes, he was definitely friend material if he was willing to give her food, "Sure, if you don't mind food poisoning."
"I'm taking that as a yes," he laughed and traded a few bills with the man in the food truck. He came back in a few seconds, holding two greasy cheeseburgers. He handed one to Austin.
She lifted the top bun and inspected the sandwich with something akin to wonder, "Hey, how did you know I loved hot sauce on my burgers?"
"Lucky guess," he shrugged taking a bite of his own and hummed in satisfaction, "This. This is just...orgasmic."
Testing his theory, Austin took a bite herself and felt herself melt, "Oh my gosh."
"Exactly," he nodded, and they walked in silence from then on. Austin would have to thank him for the burger later.
"This is where I live," she gestured towards her apartment building, "See you later."
"Tonight?" he asked, raising his eyebrows.
"Tomorrow," she corrected him and with that, walked away. Once she was back in her empty apartment, she smiled and shook her head.
Austin kicked off her boots and looked at the clock. It was 3:17, nearly fifteen minutes later than she usually got home. Thank goodness Uncle Demitri wasn't home, or he'd have been asking questionsnot that she had anything to hide.
The folded piece of paper fell out of Austin's bag.
No, definitely not. She definitely would not look at the note again. She had no reason to.
Ever since she could remember, she's hated social interaction with anyone but Uncle Demitri or Aiden. If Chelsea wasn't so good at science, they probably would never have talked to each other. Now this Dustin kid walks into her life and expects her to go to a party. That simply wasnt happening.
Then again, it could be fun.
No, Austin crushed that small voice in her head. It would not be fun. What's so great about being in a house full of idiots?
Her phone beeped, and Austin checked the screen: Austin, you forgot your science journal in the classroom, so I took with me. You can pick it up when you come to the party.
Austin double checked her backpack and cursed. Her science journal, which counted for over ten percent of this quarter's grade, was missing. She couldn't turn it in late.
It looks like her decision was being made for her. She opened the piece of paper.
Along with the address, the note reminded her that most people would arrive once it got dark, but that was hours away. To pass the time, Austin took a shower-a cold one. She didn't like hot showers.
Forty-five minutes later (she was excellent at wasting time), she stepped out of her bathroom: clean, dry, and wrapped up in a thin towel.
Fifteen minutes later, she was dressed in a white, short sleeved shirt (since it would probably get hot in a crowded house), and the jeans she had been wearing earlier. Austin was good at wasting time, but she wasn't that good. It was only six o'clock now.
She found a problem. The party started as soon as it got dark, but Chelsea and Kai's house was a few miles away. She didn't think it would be safe for her to walk home. Sighing, she heavily considered taking a zero on the assignment.  It was going to take more trouble than the grade was worth.
Of course, it was just then that someone knocked on their door.  Girl scouts, probably. 
 Uncle Demitri loved Thin Mints, so nine times out of ten, visitors turned out to be cookie bearing kids.  Austin looked around and saw an envelope sitting on the kitchen table, thin enough for just one check (a check she knew would be addressed to the Girl Scouts of America).  She grabbed the envelope and stomped down the hall. 
She opened the door and what she saw confused her.  The visitor was much taller than the average scout, and was definitely not a girl.  Her eyes trailed up to meet a pair of bright baby blues, What? I, but, how? You-
"I figured you'd need a ride," Dustin leaned against the doorframe, still cocky as ever, "And I found your address in the phonebook, Austin Anders.
Austin stared at him dryly, then relented, "Let me get my shoes. The party doesn't start for awhile, though."
His timing was suspiciously perfect.  If he had shown up a few minutes earlier or later, she would have flat out refused.
"I'll probably get lost. After all, its only my third day in the city that never sleeps," he shrugged, "Can I come in?"
Austin stood aside to let him in and when he stood in the middle of the foyer, he laughed, "Austin, you're so trusting. I could be a serial killer or something."
"But you're not," she said lightly, "There's soda in the fridge."
Since neither Aiden nor Uncle Demitri liked soda, all the unhealthy drinks in the fridge were hers to share. Dustin walked into the space that served as both a kitchen and dining room.
"Do you have Pepsi?" he asked and Austin heard the fridge open, "Oh cool. Pepsi."
Austin threw on her boots and ran a hand through her still-drying hair. She doubted that she would be able to back out now.
Chapter 3
Austin stumbled into a wall, sucking in a deep breath. As far as she could tell, she had just gotten dizzy.  Something was up with her today, or maybe it was something in the air.  God knows what parasites float around in New York, "Dustin?"
"What's up?" he walked out of her kitchen with a cup in his hand, "Hey, are you okay?"
"Fine," she shook her head to clear it, "I'm fine. Are we going now?"
"Yeah," he was good at pretending not to notice that she looked sick, but Austin still knew that he was pretending, "Can we stop by this one place first, though? I needed to pick something up."
"What is it?" Austin asked. She didn't want to pry (actually, yeah. She did) but if he was taking her somewhere, she needed to know where it was.
"It's a jewelry shop," he mumbled, obviously not wanting to talk about it, "I wanted to drop by and say hi to the owner."
Austin nodded, "Sure.
"It'll only take a second," he told her quickly, "You could even go get a donut from the bakery beside it while I'm in there."
"What kind of car do you drive?" she asked, another failed attempt at small talk.  She wouldnt have cared if he drove a garbage truck.
He smirked at her, "It's not a car."
Just a few minutes later, the two were speeding through the downtown. Her arms were locked around Dustin's waist tightly in something akin to fear. The helmet clamping down on her head gave her only a little reassurance that she wasn't going to die.
"Faster," she laughed. She'd never been on a motorcycle before. In the rare moments that she forgot to be scared, Austin found herself enjoying the ride.
"Sorry, but this is the place," Dustin slowed to a stop and parked his bike in front of a bakery, "I'll be right across the street."
"Won't there be food at the party?" Austin asked, hopping off the bike. She handed the helmet back to him and immediately missed its weight.
"There's no guarantee that the food there will be any good," he shrugged and jogged across the street. He gave her a small wave before disappearing inside the doors of a small store.
Austin, not wanting to stand and wait by the bike, walked into the bakery. The warm smells of baking bread and cake surrounded her, and she smiled. The cafe was near empty, with the only inhabitants being a waitress who looked younger than her and a twenty-something year old man typing furiously at his laptop. Austin looked at the brightly lit shelves, and her eyes were immediately drawn to an icing covered dessert.
She waited awkwardly at the counter for the girl to notice her, not wanting to bother her.
"Oh, sorry," the girl said as she rushed to the register, "What would you like?"
"Could I have, um, one of those cupcakes?" Austin pointed at the neatly arranged tray of icing covered confections.
"Which color?" the girl whose nametag read AMELIA asked, her glee clear on her face, "I baked the ones with white icing. My aunt usually doesn't let me sell the ones I make, but she's not here today. Ah, actually, dont tell her I did this.
It was a healthy dose of rebellion, and Austin decided that she wanted to support it. Besides, the ones with white tops did look more appealing than the rest, "I'll have one of yours, then."
"Really?" Amelia beamed, but didn't give Austin a chance to reconsider. She took out a paper plate, laid a napkin on it, and set the perfectly iced cupcake in the middle, "That'll be $3.97, thank you."
Austin took the plate and gingerly picked up the cupcake, careful not to get icing all over her fingers. Amelia was watching her expectantly, so she took an experimental bite.
"Oh," Austin's eyes widened as the rest of her melted, "Oh, wow."
"Good?" Amelia asked, clasping her hands together. The cupcakes were better than good, much better. They were spiced and sweet, smooth as silk, and just tasted like fall. Austin nodded.
"They're fantastic," she said, taking another bite, "Pumpkin pie cupcakes, right?"
Amelia's smile widened (if that was even possible) at Austin's words, "Yes, I didn't know if anyone would be able to tell. You're the only person to ever try one of my cupcakes other than my aunt."
"I'll be back again," Austin promised her, eyeing the tray full of the small desserts with hungry eyes, "You should really convince your aunt to let you sell these."
"I'll try," she bit her lip, "What's your name, again? You seem familiar."
"My name's Austin," she introduced herself, "But I don't think we know each other."
"Isn't that a boy's name?" Amelia asked, losing almost all the credibility that she had built up in Austin's mind, and then earned some of it back, "Oh, you must get that a lot. Sorry."
"It's okay," Austin nodded, turning towards the door once she heard it open. Dustin stood at the doorframe with his arms crossed and a smirk on his face, and she could almost feel Amelia's bewildered stare burning holes in her head.
"Is he a friend of yours?" the girl whispered. Austin swallowed the last bit of the amazing cupcake.
"I suppose so," she laughed, going to meet the boy in question, "This place has amazing cupcakes."
"I don't doubt it," Dustin nodded, looking around the near abandoned cafe, "Are you ready for your first party?"
"No," she walked out the door. When he didn't immediately follow, she looked back with an eyebrow raised, "Aren't you coming?"
She wasn't sure that she'd ever be ready. Parties and people seemed so terrifying and the thought of them made her feel a little sick, but that didn't mean that she couldn't be brave.
After another frightening speed through the city, the two of them were standing at the doorstep of a gigantic, well-lit house. Dustin held open the door and nearly pushed her inside.
It wasn't actually that bad. A few people looked at them and said hello, but no one gave them their full attention until they had made their way towards the kitchen. The kitchen was empty for all but two other people.
"Dustin, I'm glad you could make it," Kai Davids said coolly with his arms crossed, the exact opposite of the welcoming host that Austin had been expecting. He had a reputation for being friendly among most people, but now he was acting just like he looked cold.  
With fine, short blonde hair and piercing blue eyes, he resembled a block of ice more than a high school student. With a slightly warmer smile, he nodded at Austin, "You too, Austin."  
She was surprised that he knew her name. He was friendly, but he wasn't that friendly. "Austin, I think we'd better leave," Dustin tugged on her arm, trying to lead her out of the room. Austin didn't budge. Something was wrong with this picture.
"You're not going anywhere." 
Austin hadn't recognized Chelsea leaning against the counter. Her hair fell around her thin face in waves, and she looked happy. Almost too happy.
"You're going to wait here until Aiden comes," she continued, stepping towards the boy with black hair, "I never thought that it would be you who would come to get her. Youre coming home with me. Youll have a fair trial.
"I'd rather not, actually," Dustin grinned, his face noticeably whitening as the blood drained down, "Austin, lets go now. I know this cool place downtown.  Lots of cool doors and w-
Chelsea took another step until she was in hugging distance of Dustin, but she obviously wasn't in the mood for hugs.
Click.
The sound of the safety being taken off a gun echoed around the room, but was quieter than Austin had imagined it would be.  It was always so loud in movies, almost as loud as the gun going off.
"What the hell?" Austin choked out, staring at the lethal weapon that Chelsea was pressing into Dustin's stomach. She was dreaming. She had to be. That or they were all playing some big joke on her, "This isn't funny."
"Watch your language," Dustin reprimanded her, then spoke to Chelsea "Oh Chelsie, youve slipped up. Our kind doesnt use guns, remember?
She should be scared. Chelsea was having some sort of psychotic break, and her finger was on the trigger. She was one sneeze away from accidentally blowing someones brain out.
Chelsea, Kai warned. He moved, not towards Chelsea, but towards Austin. His long fingers wrapped around her arm and pulled her a step back.
"Anyone could just walk in here and see us," Dustin sighed, stuffing his hands in his pockets. He seemed oddly calm, and that somehow kept Austin calm too.
Well, as calm as anyone could be in this situation.
"Kai's made sure that no one will come into this room as long as we're in it," Chelsea said. Her eyes followed Dustins every move with an intensity that Austin had never seen on her face before, "Mind manipulation."
"Really?" Dustin's grin slipped off his face, not liking that bit of information, Well, thats too bad. For you.
Dustin, dont be so- she cut herself off as Dustin pitched forward in a jerky movement. The gun went off, and a vase shattered to Austins right. 
Chelsea let out a forced cough.
Austin froze as she watched the blonde girl pitch forward into Dustin's chest. Chelsea sucked in a ragged breath and when Dustin took a step back, no longer supporting her, she fell to her knees. The gun clattered to the ground, and Dustin kicked it away.
"What? Chelsea was nothing but confused, staring forwards.  Her voice cracked, What did you-
Im sorry, Dustin said, his voice soft, but his body relaxed. This wasnt new to him. 
It was only then that Austin noticed the pointed knife in Dustin's hand, dripping dark red liquid onto the otherwise spotless floor. It was blood, a small voice supplied in the back of her mind, too much blood.
Chelsea's blood.
"Oh my god," Austin gagged, dropping to her knees. She crawled forwards, placing a shaking hand over the girl's arm. Her other hand sought the source of the blood. She raked a gently hand over Chelsea's stomach and when she inspected her palm, she saw that it was covered with red, "You killed her."
"I'm not dead," Chelsea's body was steady under Austin's touch, but her voice hitched as she talked, "I'm not going to die."
"Of course not," Kai spoke, his tone too soft and sweet to have been anything but a lie."Dustin, youre insane.
"Maybe, Dustin smiled widely and twirled his knife around in his hand.  He was insane.  He was crazy.  He...he was Or maybe she had it coming.
 Chelsea exhaled, and then she was suddenly very still under Austin's hand. The dead girl's face was dry, devoid of tears. She looked brave.
"You killed her," Austin said again. She rose to her feet and faced the murderer. He had killed a person. He killed Chelsea. When she spoke, her voice was a deadly sort of quiet, "Why?"
"I had to, Dustin paused, sliding the knife away, But you wont understand that yet.
"Austin, get behind me," Kai was saying. He pulled on her arm. Austin was suddenly aware that he had been speaking to her this entire time. She didn't listen to him.
Austin lunged towards Dustin. She didn't know how she would do it, but she wanted Dustin gone. She wanted this boy dead.
How could she have ever thought of him as a friend?
Dustin sidestepped and she tripped over Chelsea's already stiffening body. She fell down, landing on her shoulder at an awkward angle. She hissed in pain, but started to stand up again.
A warm hand on her uninjured shoulder stopped her.
"Let me take care of this," Aiden murmured in her ear.
Chapter 4
	Aiden, Austin whispered.  She didnt dare turn her back to Dustin, but she wished that she could look at her best friend as she talked, Its Chelsea.  Sh-shes dead.
	I know, he didnt reveal any emotion in his voice, but his hand tightened around her shoulder.  He was upset.
	After he had helped her to her feet, Aiden stepped around her.  Austin suddenly found herself being protected, but she didnt know what to do about that.  She didnt need to be protected.
	If she could somehow get hold of Chelseas gun, she could kill Dustin right now.
	I havent seen you in awhile, Underneath his heavily concealed sadness, Austin could tell that he was happya crazy kind of happy, Well, this is familiar, isnt it?
	Unfortunately, Dustin shrugged.  It shouldnt have shocked Austin that the two knew each other, but it did, You didnt hide her very well.
	Aiden ran a hand through his bright red hair and leaned to his side, Well, at least her last name wasnt Johnson.
	At least when she was in my care, her name wasnt one of the first in the phonebook, Dustin snorted.  He sobered, Its almost like you wanted me to find her.
	He was speaking about her as if hed been looking, as if theyd known each other for more than fifteen hours.  Austin was firm in her response, Youre delusional.
	We couldnt have known that you would go after her, Aiden said, his voice as smooth as ever.  Austin could never tell when he lied, but apparently Dustin could.
	What are you talking about? Austin hissed, grabbing at Aidens dark shirt.  He ignored her.
	I will always find her, Aiden, Dustin took a step forwards, making sure not to step on the corpse or blood, But you were counting on that, werent you?
	Kai, take Austin outside, Aiden ordered, not having moved an inch.  He seemed intent on shielding her as long as there was immediate danger.
	Yes sir, Kai said, sounding disappointed that he wouldnt be able to stay and witness whatever was coming next.  Austin felt her fingers being pried off of Aidens shirt, and thin arms looped around her.  She was dragged away from the kitchen.
	What did you mean? Austin fought against Kais arms, but they held her like a vice, Tell me right now!
	Later, sweetheart, Dustin said, just as Aiden replied, Later.
	The thin but strong arms pulled her out into the hallway, where a group of kids were laughing and holding red plastic cups, completely unaware of the murder less than twenty feet away.
	Kai pulled her away from them and soon cold air was biting at her skin.  She shivered.  Chelsea was still inside and wouldnt be coming out in anything but a body bag.  She was dead, and nobody could do anything about it.
	Why didnt anyone come to help? Austin asked.  Kais hold loosened, but he kept an arm around her shoulders just in case she tried to run. From the outside, it would look like Kai was accompanying a drunk girl back to her house. Austin followed in Kais lead blindly.
	Where had her fight gone?
	Aiden told them to stay away, Kai kept his eyes in front of him, his jaw set as he fought to keep his poker face.  They kept walking, even after they had gotten out of Kais neighborhood, but Austin barely noticed, With his mind.
	Oh, she nodded, accepting it readily.  Her lab partner had just been violently murdered.  Compared to that, mind control was pretty normal.
	Im not human, his eyes flickered to her as they crossed the street, obviously expecting a reaction.  How was she supposed to react?  Was she supposed to scream? 
 	Is Aiden? she asked, briefly meeting his cold eyes.  Its not like it mattered.  She would have asked about Chelsea, but that didnt matter either.
	No one in that kitchen was, Kai told her solemnly.  That meant that Chelsea was different, too.  Everyone was.
	Austin had only one more question to ask, Why did he kill her?
	Where we come from, everyone is at war, Kai was leading her down a dark street, already in the downtown.  She hadnt realized that he lived so close to here, There are some whose only jobs are to come here to scavenge for new recruits.
	Austin wondered if they were aliens.  Would that be such a big stretch for it to be true?
	That was what I was, then, Austin nodded, the pieces fitting together, A recruit.  I was Dustins assignment.
	You were a special case, actually, Kai was saying, then corrected himself, You are a special case, I mean.  Hes been obsessed with you ever since you were an infant.  I think hes fooled himself into thinking that youre family.
	Hes only eighteen, Austin said, though she had no way of knowing if that were true or not.  Still, even if he was a twenty something year old pretending to be younger, he couldnt have been more than an elementary schooler when she was a baby. Kais story didnt add up, and she wondered if this was all some big prank they were pulling on her.
	Our body ages slowly once we hit eighteen.  Aiden says that Dustin is thirty two, but that he still has the mental maturity of a boy, Kai paused, stopping her in front of the back entrance to a used computer store, Austin, there is one thing that you should know.
	Yeah? she mumbled, still stuck on the whole age thing.  That meant that Kai was way older too, and Aidenoh gosh, Aiden looked about twenty.  How old did that make him?
	Youre not exactly human either, Kai said it slowly, probably thinking that she was mentally unstable enough to actually believe him.
	I think I wouldve noticed if I wasnt, Austin said, shaking her head.  She would have laughed, but she wasnt in the laughing mood.  After all that had happened, Dustin had gone after the wrong girl. Hed gone after a human.
	Our records are always correct, Kai said, his gloved hand brushing at something on her jacket.  His touch lingered, and he frowned before pulling his hand away, More than that, you look exactly like your mother.
	You knew my- she cut herself off with a breathless shout, clutching her head.  She stumbled into Kai, and his hands went straight to her forehead.  His gloves ran across her skin, checking for injuries. Austin knew they wouldnt find any. 
	Pressure was building from the inside out, threatening to burn anything in its way.  That was what it felt like, really.  Burning.  Her entire head was scorching hot, and worse, she didnt know why, Make it stop.  Kai, make it stop.
	I cant, he said, fear reflected in his voice, Sorry, they told me this might happen.  Its practically textbook for memory recovery.
	What does that even mean? she asked, her voice rising.  She clutched at Kais jacket, since that was the only thing in range, as she stumbled forwards.  He tried to catch her, but too late.  She tripped and fell to the ground, losing consciousness after she let go of his jacket but before she hit the ground.
Were all descended from one family.  They werent really related, but thats what they thought of themselves.  A family, he smiled faintly, shaking his head.
She could see him now.  He looked the exact same age as he had the last time she saw him, even though she, in her memory, was only five or six.  Maybe even younger.  Dustins arm was slung over her as he told the story from memory.  His hair was light brown, Austin noticed.  He must not have dyed it back then.
Oceana, the youngest sister, was fragile. She was often too weak to walk, so she spent her time swimming through the likes and oceans.  Thats how she got her name.
Emmett was the second youngest.  He was strong and usually took care of Oceana, but when he wasnt looking after her, he was working.
A new voice brought her to the surface, clearing the memory, Austin, youve been asleep for too long.  You need to wake up.
Something hot a hand- brushed along her cheek, but that wasnt enough to keep her from slipping away.  The memories were too strong, demanding to be seen.  Minds werent meant to be repressed, like hers had been.
The second oldest was Fern.  He had a temper and often tried to work by himself, but he still cared for his family. Im told that I look like him, but its probably just the eyes, Aidens emerald eyes looked away from Austin, as if he was embarrassed.
He continued, The oldest of the family was a girl named Arianna.  She saw Emmett and Oceana as her children and Fern as her best friend.  She was kind.
	What about K? she asked, interrupting him.
	The memory was again interrupted, this time as her body was moved.  Her head no longer rested on a hard pillow, but now on something warm and rough.  Jeans.  Aidens hand moved to brush strands of hair from her face as he held her tight.
	She tried to drown Oceana, Dustin said, obviously in awe, She held the girl underwater for so long that the Oceana would have died, if not for a miracle.
	Held underwater, Oceana struggled.  Mind you, she was the weakest of them all.  She held her breath for as long as she could, but basic instincts always take over.  Her lungs opened up to breath and water flooded her mouth.  A strange thing happened.  She could breathe.
	Arianna found them, and her anger unleashed something wonderful.  Long before she had reached the two, strong winds hit K and flung her into the air.  Oceanas fear had unlocked something magical in all but K.  They had abilities that they never would have dreamed of.
	After they had locked away K, they experimented.  Fern found that he could start a fire at a single touch.  Emmett was stronger than he had ever been before, and his footprints often left cracks in the earth.  Oceana could glide through the water faster than any other existing thing.  Arianna was bothered, though.  Despite the amazement they had with the discovery of these powers, she could see that they were a danger to the world that they inhabited.
	They, in their dragon forms, were too powerful.  Arianna had the sudden wish to be something more controllable, something like the animals that existed beneath them, Dustin took her hand, Her wish came true.
	In front of her family, the air whirled around her like a tornado.  The others tried to reach her, to help her from the strange event, but the winds wouldnt let them get close.  Before their very eyes, Arianna shimmered and changed into something a third of the size she had been.
	Something new was laying on the ground before them, but they somehow knew that it was still Arianna.  The thing was smaller than the boulders they used to hide behind during their games, and it had no scales.  Long threads hung from the things head, the color of dust.  When it opened its eyes, as if confused, it looked around.
	Arianna was a she, Austin poked him, her fingers not even as long as the length of one of his short sleeves, which revealed swirling tattoos underneath, Not an it.
	But her family didnt know what she was.  Arianna was an it to them, Dustin explained, When she stood up and unsteadily walked straight to Fern, stroking his snake like head in a way that only she did, they knew it was her.
	After a few days of Arianna dancing around on her thin, spindly legs, the family grew discontent.  They were so used to Arianna taking care of them.  Even though she still acted the same, she could no longer speak their language and she couldnt act like she once did.
	Oceana split away from the ground one day and did what she always did when she was confused or upset.  She swam.  When invisible tears rolled out of her cat likes tears into the water, another miracle happened.  She felt herself being pulled down to the bottom of the lake, and she felt her body change.  Her sandy scales disappeared and she seemed to shrink.  Soft strings grew out of her head and floated around her like a halo.  When she crawled out of the lake, exhausted by the transformation, the others saw her.
	Arianna, filled with joy, raced to her sister and crooned in her soft voice.  Fern walked over to them both and stared at the new Oceana.  While she looked so different, much like his Arianna did, he had no doubt that this being was his little sister.  Paying so much attention to Oceana, no one saw Emmett transform.
	It must have been spectacular, but Emmett never told anyone what his transformation was like.  He simply stood next to Oceana on two steady feet and stroked her light hair, eventually moving so that he held her hand.  Arianna simply smiled once she was the intensity between the two.
	Fern found himself as the last one to turn.  He was different.  Still nuzzling Ariannas neck, his body temperature rose until the sand turned to glass under his feet.  Arianna jumped away, making a loud, pained noise as she fell to the ground.  She was burned.
	Fern backed away in shock.  He had never hurt his Arianna before.  He couldnt believe that he had burned her.  When they were both the same, that hadnt been a problem.  He dove into the lake to cool himself off, but the water evaporated at his touch.  He was enveloped in mist for the longest time, and he felt his scales tingle.  He didnt want to be a danger to his family.
	At his wish, his scales turned to fragile skin.  Hair the color of fire covered his head.  His eyes were the only thing that he recognized when he saw himself in the reflection that the lake provided.  When the mist evaporated, the family found him sitting at the lakes edge, staring at his new self.
	Fern heard a voice in his mind, using a language that he was only now able to understand.  Dont be afraid, the voice spoke, Aidens hand was still gripping hers tightly, In their new bodies, they were unable to fully control the elements.  Only in times of great need could they summon up the power for that.  Still, their power found new outlets.  Instead of manipulating the wind, Arianna could read and talk with her mind.  Instead of starting fires, Fern could manipulate and shape mindssomething that he did very rarely.  Oceana could heal herself and others.  Emmett was still the strongest of all, and found great skill in sparring.
	They also found that, in these new bodies, they could not be killed by the element that they belonged to. Oceana still could not drown.  Fern could not be burned.  Emmett was immune to the poisons that their territory was full of.  Arianna was the most at danger, but she was smart.  She never put herself in danger.
	After a few centuries, when they no longer resembled children, they paired up.  Arianna found her place with Fern, and Emmett found his with Oceana.  Oceana was the first to bear children.  Her eldest was a girl named Emma, and the youngest was an infant whom they called John.  By this time, they had forgotten about K.
	Austin had forgotten about K, too wrapped up in the happy tale that Aiden was feeding her.
	Trapped for so long that she went even more crazy, K had succumbed to the darkness that bound her.  Like the rest of them, she had transformed. She had found an exit that was too small for her to enter, and her wish to be smaller was fulfilled.  Lost in darkness, it became her element.  The black threads wove around her like a cocoon and when she had finally immerged from her prison, she found that she had black hair that reached her knees, and eyes as purple as the scales she had once had.
	K wanted revenge.  She wanted the family to suffer just as she had. So, on a night with no visible moon, she snuck into their camp.  She was surprised to see that the others had taken on bodies just like hers, and that there were new additions to the family.  Slowly, she crept to the small body closest to her.  A small girl with curly blond locks was sleeping peacefully, snoring quietly.  That was Emma.
	Unable to help herself, she touched the sleeping girls cheek.  The darkness flowed from K to Emma, but neither was aware of that.  They might have guessed it if Emma had been awake, but she that wasnt the case. Behind her sleeping eyelids, her eyes turned the same color as Ks.
	Arianna woke up, feeling the presence of a mind that was not her family.  When she laid eyes upon K, she screamed and, though she was nine months pregnant with a child of her own, ran forwards to protect Emma.  K ran away, but not before gravely injuring Arianna.
	They all woke up at once, rushing to her side.  Oceana placed her hands over the bloody body, but for the first time, her powers didnt work.  Tears were dripping down her face as she tried to save her oldest sister.
	Emma, though she couldnt understand why, could see perfectly in the dark.  She saw Ariannas brown eyes clearly as they locked on her own.  Somehow, Arianna could see Emmas eyes, too.  She was surprised, but not scared.  Run, Arianna commanded her.  Not knowing why, but used to following orders, Emma ran.
	Once Emma was out of sight, Arianna died, Aiden said, giving her no extra details on that front, Fern was out of control, and felt hot tears running down his own cheeks.  He had just lost his partner and child.
	Except, he hadnt.  Oceana was struck with an idea, he smiled grimly, And thats how the first C section came to be.  Fern was handed his bloody, screaming child.  He had seen K run off into the forest, but he had let her escape.  He had raced to Ariannas side.  It was Ks fault that she was dead.  From then on, the family held no compassion for those who bore darkness in their hearts.
	K and Emma stayed hidden for many years, and our history believes that they were together during this period.  Every so often, they would find a new descendent of the family, and that descendent would be turned.  That was their ability, to place darkness into whoever they wished.  There are some who are descendents of K, but most Chaos are first born to another element.
She felt a hand brush along her cheek. Aidens hand.  His voice filled her ears and at first, she couldnt make out the words he said.
	He kept talking.  Half of what he said were pleas for her to wake up, the other half being random things.  He would talk about last week, how they had gone to a fall festival and drunk apple cider together.  Then he would switch topics and tell her that Uncle Demitri knew she was okay.  His voice steadied her, but it still wasnt enough.  The memories pulled her back under.
	Aiden was still talking, I was the one to put Chelsea on this assignment.  I wanted her to protect you.  You needed to be around girls.  You probably wont understand any of this.  You wont understand.
	He sucked in a breath, Chelsea was starting to be your friend, wasnt she?
	Chelsea.
	She was my lab partner, Austin heard herself say, and then, it was over.  She no longer felt lost at sea.  She was safe from her mind.
	Youre awake, Aiden laughed hysterically, I was starting to lose hope, you know.
	I remember a lot of things, she informed him.  She opened her eyes and sat up, noticing that Aiden was sitting well within her bubble of personal space, And I know a lot of things, too.
	It was strange.  She seemed to know a lot of things that she hadnt known yesterday.  Had it only been yesterday? How long was I asleep?
	Two days, he exhaled slowly.  Austin could read the unspoken words clearly on his face.  He had been worried about her, Kai must have overwhelmed you with information.  Im sorry.
	No, itsokay, she found herself nodding.  It wasnt really new information, now that she had her memories.  Even though she couldnt remember why she had been in contact with him at such a young, impressionable age, she could remember each story Dustin had told her.
	Every story revolved around dragons, and the way between the chaos and other elements.  Except it wasnt a war.  It was a slaughter.
	So you know? Aiden let go of her arm cautiously, waiting for her to say something.  
	I know that Im half dragon, she stared at him evenly.  She didnt feel anything but apathy.  This was whatwas.  This was what she was, And I know that Dustin kidnapped me when I was a child.  I know that my parents are dead.  And I know that I might not have any special abilities, since my dad was a hu-
	Dont say it, Aiden stopped her, his voice soft, If you say it, the law says that I have to kill you, so
	My dad was human, Aid, she used the nickname she had created for him back when she was a kid.  She was the only one allowed to call him anything but Aiden, Whatre you going to do about it?  Are you really going to kill me?
	Im important there.  If anyone but me finds out and no, Demitri and Kai dont know- I would kill you.  I cant lose face, he said, almost begging for her to understand.  Almost.  Aiden doesnt beg.
	Why not do it now, then? she dared. 
	I dont want to lose you, he squeezed her hand, Weve all lost so many people, but I refuse for you to be one of them.
	Best friends forever? she tried to lighten the mood.  
	Aiden laughed, shaking his head, Yeah.

Chapter 5
	She sat on one of the boxes in the storage room and poked at the food Aiden had given her.  It wasnt that it was bad, but she wasnt hungry, Why did Dustin know me?
	Aiden froze from where he was eating and stared at her, his emerald eyes conflicted, Do you really want to know?
	She nodded.  
	Or do you want to remember?  Because I can make you remember, he bit into his sandwich, as if it was no huge concern.  She blinked rapidly, deciding rather quickly.  She wanted to know everything, but did she have the guts for that?
	Sure, her heart pounded in her chest.  She was irrationally afraid of what she couldnt remember, and she chastised herself for that. 
	Aiden stood up and put his hands around Austins head, resting at her temples.  His touch was hot.  Too hot. She tried to jerk away, but his grip was too strong, and his eyes too mesmerizing.  The heat seared into his mind and then-
	Aussy, Dustin called from the kitchen.  She could hear oil sizzling  in the stove, but the sound didnt register as anything in her mind, Wheres my favorite sister?
	Im your only sister, she giggled, her short legs stomping towards him.  Her lisp only slightly marred her speech, but he had promised that when she was a big kid, that problem would go away.  She glanced at the windows, which were cracked in some places and in others, soaked in something red.
	The heat burned her again, and a new image filled her mind.
	Get to the house, Dustin ordered, taking out his knife.  He slashed at the girl who had gotten too close, and she hissed.  Austin took off at a sprint towards their little cottage while he kept them back.  She hid herself in his closet, waiting for her brother to come home.
	She resurfaced, only for Aiden to force her back down again.  While she was in these memories, she didnt have the option to watch from a distance.  She was in her five year old body, watching and experiencing everything all over again.  The next memory was longer, much longer, and she couldnt separate her old panic from her rational thoughts.
	Sand clung to her legs, which were still chubby with baby fat.  She was busy building a sand castle. The water, green with the reflections of the surrounding trees, lapped at her feet, but she didnt notice. The lake was normal in every way (except that it wouldnt be found on any map that a human would own), and it was her favorite place in the entire world.
"Austin?" her big brother called, and she looked up. His dark brown hair was plastered to the sides of his face, obvious evidence that he had just gotten out of the lake, "Arent you hot?
"Yes," she answered, not really paying attention. She was giving her sand castle all the attention that the seven year old could muster, and stuck a stick at the top to act as a flag. Tiny fissures ran through the wet sand as it expanded to make room for the piece of wood, but the structure held.
She smiled, satisfied, and leaned back just in time to watch her brother dive back under the surface of the lake.  He didnt come back up for hair, but Austin wasnt worried.  He could hold his breath for a really long time, and he liked it down there in the water.
"Oh," someone said from behind her, and Austin turned around, her eyes wide. A stranger was standing right behind her, a stranger with fiery hair that matched her own, "Little girl, are you alright?
The man took a step towards her and Austin leaned back, accidentally knocking over her sand castle. When he reached a hand towards her -a big, unfamiliar hand- she screamed, "Br-"
"Brother!" she cried out, backing away from the red haired man. Before she could even finish her shout, she heard him burst out of the water.
"Really, Aiden?" he sighed in irritation, and Austin heard him wade to the shore. She scrambled back until she hit his legs, and hid behind them, gripping his right leg tightly, "Can you at least wait for me to put my clothes on before you go attacking my sister?"
"She's not your family," Aiden's eyes were wide, but not with fear. Even Austin, as sheltered as she was, could tell that the man was a crazy kind of happy.
"Yeah, well, try telling her that," big brother picked up his gray shirt and shook the sand off of it, quickly putting it on. He hopped into his jeans and slid on his black sneakers.
"Your pants will get wet," Austin pointed out, already calming down now that he was beside her. He didn't seem worried, so why should she be?
"That's not a problem right now," he assured her, and gave her hand a tight squeeze, "Why don't you go back to the house?"
"But..." Austin's gaze dragged to the scary man, who was slowly reaching into his back pocket, "What about him?"
"It'll all be taken care of," Big brother smiled at her, and gave her a gentle nudge in the direction of the cabin. She started walking, but looked back towards the two men every couple seconds.
She took the trail back to the wooden house, but when she reached the door, she decided to turn back. She didn't want to be alone. Austin hid behind a thick tree a few yards away from the lake, hoping that big brother wouldn't notice her.
"...she's too young to have been brought into this dimension," the scary man -big brother had called him Aiden- was saying, "You were careless this time."
"Maybe, but I'd like to think that I saved her," big brother shrugged, and Austin furrowed her eyebrows. What was he talking about?
Before big brother could even finish his sentence, a gun was being pointed in his face, "Don't you dare ever think that you've saved anyone. Your kind brings nothing good into this world."
Austin started to hyperventilate. She was scared. Was the man going to hurt her big brother?
Big brother tilted the gun away from him, "Really, now? Guns? I thought we were classier than this."
"You're right," Aiden shrugged, tossing the gun to the ground. He smiled a tight smile, just as big brother fell. He hadn't been touched, but big brother didn't move at all...not even to breathe. Something the color of red trickled out of his mouth, glinting in the sunlight.
"No," Austin whimpered, staggering out from behind her hiding place, "No, no, no."
"Unfortunate," Aiden said disdainfully, watching her stumble towards the fallen body, "You. Sleep now."
Austin's vision went black, and she tripped, falling just short of her big brother's outstretched hand.
	The next time she rose to the surface, she could feel tears running down her face.  Her voice cracked when she pleaded, Please.  Ive seen enough.
	She had seen a different Aiden, one who could hold and point a gun without hesitation.  Dragons didnt even use guns, so she didnt understand.  It was against their moral code and she didnt want to see that version of her best friend.
Aiden nodded and let go of her face.  He took her hand in both of his, and this time his touch was cool.
	He was insane, she realized, He actually thought I was family.  I thought that, too.
She had a strong case of Stockholm Syndrome.  Had she known that Dustin wasnt related to her by blood?  It had never bothered her, at least not in the memories Austin had, that the two looked nothing like each other.  She just wanted her brother safe from harm.  Dustin had said that if anyone else took care of her, they would not accept her.  Only he could really take care of her.
	She was scared for her future.  When she was a kid, her Halfling status hadnt seemed serious.  She was always kept separated from anyone but Dustin, so she had never had reason to fear being found out.  Now she would be surrounded by dragons, some of whom, or so the story went, could read minds.  At any time, she could slip up and they would find out.
	And then she would die.
	She asked, still shocked from the experience, Where is he?
	Dustin got away, Aiden answered, taking a bite out of his own sandwich, After promising that he would be back for you.  Were going to have to take him seriously from now on.
	Something that Dustin had said yesterday was bugging her.  It was making her suspicious, something that she shouldnt be, Was he right?  Did you know that he would come for me?
	Of course not, Aiden reassured her.  Austin wasnt convinced.
	Aiden, dont lie to me, she said, crossing her arms.  He might be her best friend, but she wont forgive him if he lied to her.
	He deflated slightly, giving in, I knew that there was a chance, but there was nothing else I could have done.  Thats why you have so many guardians.
	Do all fledglings get this treatment? she asked.  Their terms were coming naturally to her now.  A fledgling was a dragon who hasnt yet reached maturity. Austin briefly wondered if her own growth process would be slowed by her diluted blood, or if the reverse would happen.  Dustin had once mentioned that she might age as humans did, if she took after her father.
	Most fledglings dont have a powerful Chaos after them, he smiled, but the smile wasnt a real one.  She noticed that he could never say the word Chaos with a happy face.  Thats what the dark ones called themselves, naming themselves after her.
	K.

	Her scales turned black, big brother said, And her green eyes shone.
	Scales? Austin repeated.  She had been picturing big brother as a girl, and he certainly didnt look like a scaly snake.
	She was a dragon, you see, he explained, brushing a piece of hair out of her eyes, You wont see us turning into those graceful creatures. Everyone forgot how to transform, actually.  But thats what we all are.  Deep now, were all just like K.
	Dustin had spoken about her so passionately.  He obviously held her up on a pedestal fit for a goddess.
	She didnt want to call the boy in her memories Dustin, but thats who he was.  Her big brother had turned into a homicidal maniac.  Austin took in a ragged breath as she corrected herself.  Her big brother had always been a homicidal maniac. He had stolen her childhood, and he had killed to do it.  What else had he killed for?
	Aiden was obviously finished, and they both lapsed into silence.  Austin picked up her sandwich and stared at it, thinking.  This was her history, not a fairy tale.  Her memories were all of warm places, either sitting by a fireplace or making sandcastles on the lake.  The backgrounds were always too peaceful to be from Earth.  They were of their world.
	Of their world.
	Everyone had been using that term around her.  Heck, she had used it a few times herself.  She had a vague idea of what it was, but
	Aiden, where is our world? she asked.  She hoped that wouldnt be classified information.  There would be a few things that Aiden couldnt or wouldnt tell her, and this might be one of them.
	Much to her relief, Aiden answered her question.  The answer itself was enough to send her back into shock.
	Youll see for yourself, soon enough.
Chapter 6
	What? Austin asked, I could have sworn that you said I would be going towhatever the place is called.
	He looked at her as if he hadnt been expecting this reaction, or as if he hadnt planned on sharing that information just yet.  If it was the latter, he covered it up well, Of course.  Dustin has had two days to look for you.  We need to pack and leave before he ever gets close to you.
	Aiden held out his hand and helped Austin up.  She leaned against one of the storage boxes as her blood started to flow normally through her legs again.
	She was beginning to wonder if they were really from a different planet.  She had never thought to ask Dustin about where they came from.  Since she asked no questions, she got no answers.
	Youve been there before.  Dustin hid you in the forests, right under our noses, Aiden said, shaking his head, You loved it in Affelil.  Its clean there, and beautiful.  Everything is how its meant to be.
	Affelil, she repeated the name, twisting her tongue to say it the way Aiden did.  She was relieved that he hadnt said Jupiter, So where is it? Exactly?
	A parallel universe, he said, Doors that lead to nowhere actually lead to Affelil.  Only those with dragon blood can pass through to the other side.
	Austin bit her lip.  She wasnt a fullblood.  Would that mean that she wouldnt be able to go? Would I even be able to?
	Youve been there before, he reminded her gently, So I would say yes.
	Austin nodded, feeling a bit silly for not connecting the dots sooner.  She shoved her feet into her boots and spun around, looking for doors.  She saw only one, but guessed that wasnt one that Aiden had been talking about.  They were in a storage room of sorts, with bits and pieces of technology spread everywhere, When do we leave?
	Aiden looked at the plain watch on his wrist, We can stop by your place first.  Youll probably want to pack a bag.
	Fifteen minutes later, after weaving through the busy streets and hiding their faces, they both stood in the middle of Austins room.  Aiden dumped the stuff out of her backpack and sat it on the bed.
	Do you want me to help you pack? he asked.  Austin nodded, not sure what to say.  She felt nervous all of a sudden, even though there was no reason to be.
	They were alone in her house, granted, but its not like that hadnt happened before.  They usually were alone in her room when they hung out and Uncle Demitri never had a problem with leaving the two of them together, even when he wouldnt be back for a few days.  Nothing had ever happened, and nothing would.  
	Still, something had changed in their dynamic.  The fact that they were alone made her stomach clench.
	Trying to distract herself from the strange (and probably imagined) atmosphere, she turned around to grab a thin binder from her dresser.  She laid it flat on the bottom of her backpack.
	Aiden, who knew her too well, didnt have to turn to see what she had packed.  He said in an amused voice, Dont show that to anyone.
	Austin smiled, but didnt agree to anything.  The binder was a makeshift photo album, since she had never gotten around to buying an actual one.  She had pictures of almost everything, from her birthdays to Halloweens and Christmases, starting from when she was about six years old.  In almost all of her pictures, a tall man with fiery hair stood next to her.
	How didnt I notice that you didnt age? she asked.  It was so obvious now.
	Aiden threw a few of her sweaters onto the bed without turning around, I asked you not to give it a second thought.  Even though you had already lost your memories of Dustin, you didnt want to be around anything strange.  You wanted a normal life.
	Austin put two and two together and figured that Aiden had used his special dragon powers to keep her oblivious, That doesnt sound like me.
	She folded the clothes that Aiden had thrown out of her closet and, while Aidens back was still turned, stuffed her underwear into her bag.  Best friends or not, she wasnt going to pack away lacy things in front of a guy.
	Austin, he turned around just as she zipped the bag up, Theres something I need to tell you before we go any farther.
	Yeah? she looked around, making sure that she didnt need anything else.  She slipped on her charm bracelet, which had been a fifteenth birthday present from Aiden.   Glass and pewter dragons hung from the chain.  How long had they been preparing her for this?
	Once we get there, I wont be able to act the same.  I have an image to keep up, his lips curled into a smile, as if he thought that was a good thing, I wont be as friendly.
	An image, she snorted.  As far as she was concerned, only self conscious and important people kept up images.  She couldnt imagine him as either.
	Austin, you are my assignment, he ran a hand through his hair, which was longer than it usually was, I wasnt supposed to get close to you.  I wasnt supposed to li- to be your friend.
	Austin blinked a few times, feeling the familiar flash of anger sweep through her, So as soon as Im in someone elses care, youre going to leave?  Is that how this assignment thing works?
	Hell no, he said immediately, almost shocked at the idea, But you have to understand.  I wont be able to go easy on you anymore.  Ill have to push you until you break and then push some more.
	Is that all? she asked, deflating.  Her anger had left as fast as it had come, I guess I shouldnt have doubted you.  You are my best friend, after all.
	To her surprise, Aiden grimaced as she talked.
	Damn, he whispered, and laughed loudly, Austin, Im never going to leave you. Its not because were friends.  Its because I like you.
	His emerald green eyes shone as they looked into hers, and Austin felt her cheeks heat up.  He had always been there for her.  He knew her better than she knew herself.  She realized now that his feelings really should have been obvious.  With her face pink with embarrassment, she couldnt help but speak her mind, Aiden, II dont like you that way.
	He was her friend.  He was her best friend.  Just nothing more.  She would have giant crushes on him in the past, but right now, she didnt.
	Not yet, he exhaled slowly.  Austin was heavily aware that she could have phrased that in a nicer way, But someday you will.  Just wait and see.
	He was delusional, Dont hold your-
	She stopped short when she heard the door to the apartment open. They had locked the door behind them, and they definitely hadnt invited someone.
	Dustin, Austin whispered in fear.  Who else could it be?
	Stay here, Aiden hissed. She reached for him, not wanting him to have to face that monster, but he slipped out the door before she could close the distance between them.
	She froze, bombarded by conflicting thoughts. The child part of her brain that had yet come to its senses was squealing with joy (Big brother!).  She tried to ignore that and favored her rational thoughts (Aiden!).
	She came to her senses when she heard a crash.  She ran out the door and nearly tripped over Aiden.  He was sweeping up a broken glass. She stopped short, confused.
	Austin, Demitri was standing at the door, not Dustin, Couldnt you have waited until I came home before you got yourself in danger?
	She relaxed, Its not my fault that I have a psycho stalker.
	Aiden emptied the dust tray into a wastebasket and leaned on the broom.  Staring at Austin in disapproval, he said, I told you not to leave the room.  Youre going to have to start following my orders.
	Uncle Demitri smiled, You already told her about that?
	I told her about everything, Aiden coughed, his face turning a bit pink.  He adjusted his backpack straps, Are you all ready to go?
	Oh, Uncle Demitri just then realized the distance between the two of them, Oh!
	One second, Austin backed away into her room.  She slung her striped backpack on, and, giving herself only a moment, she smiled sadly at her room.  This had been her oasis, but she had to leave.  She had to restart her journey.
	She went back into the hallway, closing the door behind her, You ready to leave, Uncle D?
	He was holding a backpack of his own now, so she assumed the answer was yes.  Her smile faltered, but she fixed it quickly.  He wasnt her uncle, not by blood. Still, that didnt change a thing.
	He had saved her from Dustin.  She remembered that now.  Even back then he had cared.
	I would say that were all ready, he held up a bag of ridged potato chips in proof, Wait, Austin, did those girl scouts come by already?
	Lets go, Austin rolled her eyes and, with that, they walked out of the door, starting a new chapter of their life.  She hoped it would be a good one.
Chapter 7
	Austin wore Aidens red jacket with the hood pulled up, hoping that she wouldnt be recognized.  She had no doubt that Uncle Demitri and Aiden could take Dustin in a fair fight, but she couldnt trust him to fight fairly.
	Here, Aiden gestured towards the front of a dingy, closed bar.  He fished a key out of his pocket and unlocked the door, I use this place a lot.  The passageway is in the back.
	Uncle Demitri went in first and Austin followed close behind.  Her breath hitched as Aiden closed the door, bathing the place in darkness, but her eyes soon adjusted.
	Are we breaking in? she asked.  Her whisper sounded so loud in the quiet space that she shut up.
	The barkeeper gave me this key, Aiden answered without really answering anything, as usual.
	Aiden grabbed her wrist as he led the way, weaving amongst pool tables until they were in the backroom.  Demitri turned on a flashlight and pointed it at an open door.  The door looked like it was just a decoration, though. Graphitized concrete filled the space that you would walk through.
	Doors that lead to nowhere, Aiden said.  Austin stepped forwards and raised a hand, as if to touch the concrete.  Her hand hovered over the dingy surface, torn. One touch, and she would be blasted off into another world.
	Or maybe this was the wrong door.  The concrete in front of her looked as real as anything she had seen all day.
	Off you go, Uncle Demitri patted her on the back, his force pushing her into the concrete wall.  She braced herself, preparing to feel her skin break and bleed against the unfinished wall.
	Instead, she passed through the wall like it was made of watericy cold water.  For only a second, she had the feeling of being neither here nor there, and then she fell onto a bed of healthy, unkept grass.
	She dug her hands into the earth and gasped, her stomach heaving. She only just managed to keep her sandwich from making a reappearance.
	When Austin felt steady once again, she pushed herself up.  Her eyes widened before she snapped them shut once again.  This couldnt be real.
	She had just been in an unlit bar that smelled of cheap alcohol and cigarette smoke.  Austin opened her eyes again, expecting to see just that.
	Instead, she was greeted with rolling green hills, clear rivers, and a bright blue sky.  Everything around her was so colorful.  Austin took a deep breath, smelling the sweet, sharp scent of firewood.
	Amazing, isnt it? Aiden appeared from behind her, placing a hand on her shoulder.  He turned her around to see something new, Look at this.
	Austin wondered how she hadnt seen it before.   A fortress made of stone, with what looked like the great wall of China wrapping around it, loomed past the river and forests.  The setting sun bathed the structure with an orange glow, giving it an ethereal feel.  Smoke rose from behind the wall that protected the city.  Austin thought that she could see a crowd of people amass on the side of the wall nearest to them, but she couldnt be sure.  They were so far away that each person looked like a speck of dust.
	Kai came here right after the incident with Dustin, Aiden said, his hand still on her shoulder.  She winced, Theyve all been expecting us.
	Aiden, she turned around and his hand dropped off her sore shoulder, About what you said earlier-
	Its okay, he interrupted her gently, I meant every word, but its okay.
	She nodded, dropping the issue.  She pointed at the stronghold, So thats Affelil?
	Thats like asking if New York is Earth, Demitri said, appearing out of thin air.  Austin stumbled back in surprise, This world is Affelil.  The amazing city before us is the capitalStrongham.
	The capital of what? she asked
	Nowhere?  Everywhere? Uncle Demitri shrugged, Most of the doors that lead to nowhere are built here, and those lead to here.  Theyve never brought us to a different continent, and because of the chaos, travelling is nearly impossible.  This is the capital of everywhere we know exists.
	Cool, she nodded.  They made good time, noisily trampling through the dying forest.  She didnt pay much attention to their surroundings, other than to notice that the trees were alive with fiery color, and they made it to the wall just before dark.
	This is the really cool part, Uncle Demitri promised her just as a section of the wall dematerialized in front of them, Its not included in the origin story, but we earth dragons can make doors and let people pass through walls and stuff.
	Austin stuck her hand in the open space where solid stone used to be, Woah.
	Stop fooling around, Aiden sighed, pulling Austin inside the wall.  As soon as they were all clear, the wall rebuilt itself. Austin craned her neck to look backwards as Aiden dragged her away, but she couldnt see anything unusual about the stone bricks.
	Demitri must have seen her confusion, Earth dragons cant read minds or control them.  We do physical things.
	Like what? she gestured at the opening, Like making walls disappear?
	Its not disappearing.  Its actually sinking into the ground, he explained, But fine, lets just say that, yes, we earth dragons make walls disappear.
	What am I?she asked, taking her arm out of Aidens.	
	Ill leave that to Aiden, he smiled and gestured in the opposite direction, I need to see someone.
	Who? Austin asked.  Her face filled with a blush when she realized that Aidens hand was still around her own.  She pulled herself free from his grip.
	Virginia, Demitri said and backed into the crowd, his large and bulky frame crashing into a few people before he faded from their sight.
	Once he was gone, Austin felt scared.  There were too many people around them, more than she had ever seen.  They all looked cold and unhappy, many with scars marring their faces and bodies.  They were unforgiving.
	On the other hand, she had been to New York city.  This wasnt that different.
	Aiden, she said.  She took longer steps to catch up to him, What am I?
	Youre Austin, he replied.  He was being aggravatingly cold.
	She glared at him, You know what I meant.
	Well talk about this later, Aiden shifted the weight of his backpack to his other shoulder, Never bring it up in public again.
	I, uh, fine, she brushed a lock of her hair out of her eyes.  Right.  For a moment, distracted by the magic, she had forgotten that her existence was wrong.  She had forgotten about the death penalty, Where are you going?
	Its getting late, Aiden looked up, where the moon was beginning to come into view.  Austin couldnt help but gasp at the sight.  The sky was a dark, inky black with thousands, maybe millions, of stars lighting up the sky, And theres a celebration tonight.  Thats why there are so many people and flags.  Before we go to that, we need to set up your tent.
	Are we going camping? she snorted.  Its not that she minded tents.  She and her uncle had gone camping a lot in the past, not to mention the times that Dustin and her would hide in the woods.
	Youll be living in a tent until I can find you a permanent place to live, he stopped them at one of the many roadside vendors and traded a strange coin for an even stranger food.  He handed it to her.
	She nodded and took a bite of the strangely colored snack.  It was sweet, she realized with surprise, but tart.  She liked it.
Ill set yours up next to mine, but dont come by my tent at night, he continued.
	Austin choked on her confection, Why?  Will you already have visitors?
	Its not like that, he snapped, But everyone has an image here.  I dont want your image to beof a girl who sneaks into guys tents at night.
	She wasnt sure that she was going to like it  in Strongham, then, if everyone had an image.  Austin saw where he was coming from, sure, but she did not want to live her life according to other people.
	Its not far, he eyes her loose white shirt, And you might want to change.  This is your debut as my assignment, and everyone will be dressed in their nicest today.
	I dont have to wear a dress or a skirt, do I? she asked, her shoulders dropping.  If she had to wear a dress, she wouldnt go at all.  She really hated the things.
	Just a nice shirt, Aiden rolled his eyes, No one wears dresses here.  Everyone has to be ready for war at any time, and you cant high kick in a dress.  Or so Ive heard.
	Cool, she said.  They walked in silence for a few minutes, pausing every now and then to look at some marvel of Strongham, but eventually they reached the far end.  Austin gasped.
	The towering buildings suddenly cut short, as did the brick road.  Yellow green grass and black dirt stretch for a quarter mile, or maybe more.  Tents were everywhere, except for an empty circle in the middle of it all.
	How big is this place? she asked, her boot hitting the hard dirt.  Austin looked around but barely saw anyone.
	Its big, he answered and then weaved their way through the maze of tents before the stood in front of the one closest to the circle, This is my tent.
	She stayed outside, at his request, while he went in to retrieve something.  He came back out with a pile of things in his arms.  He dumped the pile on a ground about fifteen feet away from his tent, and went to work on setting her tent up.
Ive got this, Austin rolled her eyes and went to work, hammering in the stakes and pinning up the tarp with a few strips of rope.  In a few minutes, after her hands had remembered the process of it, she had erected the entire thing, There.  Perfect.
	Ill wait out here while you change, he said, fishing a candle and some matches out of the pile and handing them to her.
	She gripped the candleholder tightly and hurried inside her tent.  She lit the candle and sat it on the ground safely.  Once she was sure that she wouldnt burn her tent to the ground, she searched through her backpack for something to change into.
	Austin dug through her backpack and rooted out a soft blue shirt with a built in hood.  Aiden had complimented her in it on several occasions, so she guessed that it would do fine tonight.  She changed into it and was glad that this was the one she had chosen.  The long sleeves provided shelter from the cold.
	Is this good? Austin asked, stepping out of the tent.  Aiden gave her a once over and nodded.
	Blue is very good for tonight, he looked down at his own light blue shirt, It is a water dragon festival, after all.
	Will I have to talk to people? she groaned, sidestepping a stake as they made their way out of the field and into the city.  She could see light and smoke coming from the very center of Strongham, but at the pace they were going, they would make it there in no time.
	You will have to talk to my family, my friends, Demitris family and friends, and other trainees, Aiden said, then laughed, Sorry, in advance.
	For putting me through this hell? she snorted.  If that was it, then he had nothing to apologize for.  While she would like to blame him for the need to socialize, it wasnt his fault.
	He shook his head, gesturing to the lights and sounds that they were rapidly approaching, Its just that everyone thinks youre a guy.
Chapter 8 
	So? she asked.  She ran her hand against brick wall as they walked, mostly so that she wouldnt accidentally run into it. 
	Aiden blinked, You hate it when people think youre a guy.
	Its more of a strong dislike, she informed him.  What she didnt say was that she couldnt bring herself to care about that after all that had happened. Mistaken gender was such a small thing compared to dragons and new dimensions.
	Hm, he said and they came to the end of the alley, where trails of light and laughter reached them, Well, here it is.
	Oh, oh wow.
	Lanterns lined the outer rim of the giant square and gave it and the people it held a yellowish glow.  Blue streamers and other decorations hung from everywhere it was possible to hang something on, and chalk murals were drawn on the brick floor.  Everywhere she looked were people.
	Young and old, thick and thin, and girls and guys danced before her or gathered in small groups on the fringes.  Some waited in short lines at one of many stores or vendors.  The only thing that they all had in common was the big smiles on each of their faces.
	Its amazing, Aiden agreed, but didnt stop to marvel at the sight.  He pressed on through the crowd and, with Austin following him closely, they made their way through to the other side, Come on now, Austin.  You need to meet your superiors.
	I thought everyone was my superior, she said.  She had been under the impression that fledglings (not to mention Halflings, but she wasnt about to bring that up) were at the very bottom of the food chain.
	You thought wrong, he informed her, squeezing through a group of teenagers, Youre part of my army, and that automatically makes you better than three quarters of the population.  There are few people that you will have to answer to here.
	How important are you? Austin asked.  Ever since they had actually entered the crowd, she had noticed the stares that they were receiving.  They all seemed to be focusing on Aiden, especially the adolescent girls. A few guys were staring at him, too, in a very friendly way.  The children and adults merely regarded him with respect.  Naturally, their eyes would glide over to his companion which happened to be her, in this case- but she didnt hold their attention for more than a moment.
	Very, Aiden answered her, Try not to say much.  I forgot to give you instructions on what to and what not to say.
	I think Ive got it, she rolled her eyes, As long as I dont get anyone killed, Im good.  Right?
	Basically, he allowed and they stopped behind a thickly  built man with cropped, fiery hair.  Aiden tapped the mans shoulder, Brandon.
	The man turned around, his cheeks ruddy and his smile wide, Aiden, I didnt know that you were coming to Affelil today!
	Yes, you did, Aiden said.  He was obviously irritated at something that Brandon had done, or maybe at Brandon himself, Kai would have told you.
	Ah, right.  Kai, Brandon nodded and Austin noticed the charm that hung from a heavy chain around his neck.  She used to have one like that, she recalled.  They werent exactly the same, but they were close, The storytellers son.  I thought he was just telling a story.
	Youre not nearly as funny as you think, Aiden informed him, though a smile had slipped onto his face, Its nice to see you again, brother.
	Brother?  Austin shot him an inquisitive look, but didnt speak.  She didnt know what to say, other than that his brother looked old enough to be his uncle, or at least his cousin.
	Well, wheres this fledgling that weve all been hearing so much about? Brandon asked, looking around.  His eyes skimmed right over Austin, probably because she wasnt a boy.
	Shes right here, Aiden said, gesturing to her.  She bristled as Brandons eyes raked over her, And I would appreciate it if you didnt look at her like that.
	It hadnt escaped her notice that, when his brother looked at her, his gaze had stopped at her chest.  
	Shes yours, then? Brandons eyebrows raised, My little brothers gotten himself a girlfriend at last.
	Austin couldnt stand staying silent anymore.  She crossed her arms, I am not Aidens property or his girlfriend, thank you.
	Fiesty, Brandon held out a hand.  She shook it gingerly, since that gesture seemed to be a gesture that everyone in this world did, Aidens going to have fun breaking you in.  Oh, and that storytellers been looking for you.  Kai, I think.  Ill have someone tell him that youre here.
You do that, she said.  She kept her eyes on Brandon until he had disappeared into the crowd, dancing on his way.  She doubted that he would be looking for Kai any time soon.
	Do you have to be so disrespectful?  Its going to get you killed, Aiden grabbed her arm and drug her through the crowd.  She winced as her shoulder jerked painfully, but he didnt seem to notice.  They walked until they reached a near deserted stretch of brick wall.
	Aiden pushed her up against the wall and placed a hand right beside her head.  To an outsider, it might look like they were about to make out.  Austin would think that, too, if he didnt look so angry.
	If people begin to suspect that youre different, I will have to kill you.  I will not choose you over Affelil.  If you slip up, you will die, he hissed in her ear, It would be best if you didnt verbally attack my brother, who just so happens to be the representative for all Fire Dragons in the city.
	Youve never mentioned a brother, she said lightly.  He didnt appreciate the change of subject.
	That is not the point.  I need you to understand that if anything happens anything at all- I will have to kill you, and I will not hesitate, he said.  Aiden didnt have an ounce of hesitation in anything he said, but Austin couldnt bring herself to take him seriously.
	This was all bull.  Aiden was her best friend.  There was no way, no way at all, that he would be able to kill her.  He might want to, sure, but he wouldnt.  Still, she tried to appease him, Ill act as normal as anyone, but Im not going to be polite to some pervy, narcissistic-
	Yes, I get it.  My brother isnt your favorite person, but what if you slip up?  What if you tell someone that youre human? he exhaled heavily.  Austin noticed that he had stopped with the what ifs.  He was accepting her as she was.
	Good.
	Im not human, she said lightly, As far as anyones concerned, Im a pureblood fire dragon.  Or maybe Im half earth.  But it doesnt really matter, does it?
	I guess not, Aiden dropped his hand and looked at Austin, as if expecting her to move away.  She didnt, Youre possibly the most troublesome fledgling in Strongham, Austin.
	She smiled at the compliment, Yeah? How so?
	That question brought the anger back into his eyes, but this time it seemed to be directed at himself.  Aiden clenched his fists, There are a few things that arent your fault.  If I had just found you sooner-
	He cut himself off, and Austins heart did a back flip.  She couldnt imagine anything worse than being a Halfling, much less anything that Aiden could have prevented, Aiden, what is it?
	Dustin kept you hidden from us for years, his fists were still clenched.  He was angry, angry enough to tell her things that she knew he hadnt planned to tell her.  Whatever it was that he was about to say, he hadnt wanted her to know for awhile, He could have turned you at any time.  You could be a Chaos.
	Oh, is that it? she asked in spite of herself.  Austin had thought that maybe she had cancer; did dragons even get cancer?  It would be nice if they were immune.  Chaos was the sickness of this world, but that didnt scare her as much as it should have.
	Youre not getting it, Aiden snapped, angry at her now.  The laugh that he let out was hollow, You could be one of them. A parasite.
	Oh no, I get what youre saying.  Youre just being ridiculous, she assured him.  Her heart was no longer pounding irregular beats in her chest.  Aiden was wrong.
	It wasnt that she thought Dustin was incapable of harming her.  She had no doubt that, if given another chance, he would.
	What was strange was that he hadnt, not in all the years that she had been his captive.  Austin just knew that he hadnt.  She was unable to explain it, but her blood felt pure.  She was uncontaminated by chaos or the darkness it created, Im not one of them.
	Fine, Aiden gave up, his shoulders sinking.  He wasnt going to argue with her, in any case, Fine.  Well find out in half a year.
	Whats in half a year? she relaxed, now that the conversation had started to move into a safer topic.  She did the math.  In half a year was April.
	Your eighteenth birthday, he calmed and adjusted his shirt, which had fallen into a state of mild disarray, Its going to be troublesome to figure out everything you already know about this world.
	I know the basics, she said. He gave her an exasperated look.
	Obviously you dont, he said condescendingly, patting her head like she was a dog or a child. That was a habit of his.  Aidens hand froze mid-pat, and he quickly withdrew it.
	Austin guessed that he was worried about people seeing his domestic side.  If only they knew himwell, she guessed that he wouldnt be as respected as he was now.  Maybe Aiden had a point with the whole image thing of his, Why dont you just tell me everything, then?
	That would be dangerously close to story telling, he turned around and started to lead the way back to where they had been previously standing, And storytelling is a role much below my own.
	Austin opened her mouth to point out that he had a talent for telling stories, as had been proven by the Origin story, but realized that probably wouldnt be a compliment to him. She shut her mouth.
	She liked stories, though.  She thought that they were important.
	Aiden continued, oblivious to her internal monologue, Ill just have Kai do it.
	Kais a story teller? Austin asked.  He seemed like such a cold person.  She couldnt imagine him sitting around and telling fictional stories, Wow.
	Its not impressive, Aiden snorted.
	Well why not? she asked, irritated by his obvious prejudice.  The Aiden she knew treated everyone as equals.
	Books are for entertainment only, Aiden shrugged.  The crowd split for them, so it was easy to make their way back to the north end of the square, Our military is second to only our government.  Even so, some would say that-
	Affelil has a government? she asked, interrupting him.  She hadnt thought about the mechanics of this world at all.
	Yes, he said, his voice clipped.  His lack of details spoke volumes.
	And? she probed.  Was there any role outside of the military that he didnt disapprove of?  Maybe she should rely on someone else for unbiased explanations.
	We have a council, he gestured upwards, where, past the nondescript buildings, they could barely see the top of a white dome, Thats where they meet to sort out issues.
	So Brandon works there? she checked, her eyebrows raised.
	My family holds many high ranking roles in this city, Aiden didnt look for a reaction, which was good because she didnt have one.
	If youre so important, how did you get stuck babysitting me? she asked, tugging at her sleeves.  It was starting to get cold, even with all the people around her.
	If you werent so involved with the chaos, we would have never met, he informed her matter-of-factly.  Austin felt a pang in her stomach.  She didnt want to imagine a life without Aiden..
	She took a deep breath, willing that sad feelings away.  There was no reason to worry about what ifs, she reminded herself, Then Im glad that Im in mortal danger.
	Is that supposed to be a compliment? Aiden asked.  Before Austin could worry that he was mad, he chuckled, Idiot.
	That strengthened her earlier beliefs despite all of his efforts to convince her otherwise, Aiden wasnt going to kill her.  Despite everything, he would keep her safe.
	She trusted him completely.
Chapter 9
	Hey, Kai had to grab Austins arm to get her attention, and she winced, Glad to see that you made it.
	Austin grabbed her injured shoulder and glared at him.  He smiled back, although his face and tone were icy, the complete opposite of her fiery temper.  Austin wondered if he was a water dragon.  She hadnt met one of those yet, as far as she knew.
	Fire dragons dont die as easily as your kind, Aiden said, staring at Kai with a thin smile, But Kai, I have to work something out with my brother, so Ill just have to trust that you can watch Austin for me.
	Kai gritted his teeth and started forwards, but then restrained himself. He sighed, Yes, sir.
	Without another word or gesture, Aiden left.  He didnt disappear into the crowd as the others were able to do.  The people gave him a wide berth as he walked, much as they had done a few minutes before. They watched him leave.
	For just a second in the human world, he was bearable to be around, Kai sighed, staring at Aidens back.
	Austin looked at Kai, her eyebrows creased. She didnt want to agree, butshe did.  Aiden hadnt been the same since they had set foot in Affelil, just as he had promised.  The Aiden she knew wouldnt have trapped her against a wall or threatened to kill her (regardless of the fact that they were empty threats), and he definitely wouldnt have insulted Kai.
	What did you want to tell us? Austin asked, changing the subject.  She wanted to give her best friend the benefit of doubt.
	Kai straightened his shirt, concealing his anger, Ah, right.  Its about Chelsea.  Her funeral is next Wednesday, and I thought you should be invited.
	His voice faltered on the word funeral, and Austin instinctively put a hand on his arm.  She barely knew Kai, but he had helped her.  He might be a closed off jerk, but he was hurting right now.
	Right, Austin sucked in a breath and looked away.  For some reason, she had expected Chelsea to stay in the human world.  She hadnt thought that the tragedy would cross dimensions with them.
	Kai stepped backwards, effectively shaking her hand off him.  It shouldnt have surprised her that he wasnt the touchy feely type, I know that you two werent close.  You dont have to go.
	No, she said immediately, swallowing, Ill go.
	Kai nodded quickly, That was all the business I had with you, but I guess Im your babysitter now, right?
	She nodded and Kai looked at the dancing crowd.
	He said, Can I ask you for a favor?
	If you ever have some off time, I have a shop in the center of the city.  I get a lot of customers, but the work has been stacking up without me there, he sighed, I would have asked Chelsea for help, but thats obviously not going to work.
	Sure, but arent you a storyteller?  Aiden made it sound like that job wasntwell, popular, she stammered, not wanting to end up insulting him.  He didnt give any signs that he took offense to anything she said, so she relaxed.
	What he doesnt understand is that the people here need fiction in their lives, Kai said.  Austin found herself swaying to the beat of the loud music, influenced by the crowd.  Kai, on the other hand, stood still, not moving to the music at all.  It was making him stand out, and he was receiving odd looks because of it.
	I understand, Austin nodded.  She really did.  Stories give readers a new reality, a better one.  In stories, everything is just better, even if the struggles are worse.
	The people here were struggling pretty hard, too.
	She said. Ill just ask Aiden when I can go.
	She guessed that the Affelil military had some sort of schedule for training.  Everything usually did.  She would just have to work her life around that.  Austin had never guessed that she would have to change her schedule for anything but school. But wasnt it a kind of school, in a way?  
She would be learning things that she hadnt known before.  That seemed like school in a way.
Wednesdays, Kai said, breaking her out of her thoughts, Almost everyone has off Wednesdays, including our military.
Including you? Austin raised her eyebrows.  Wouldnt that defeat the purpose of her helping?
The shop is always open when Im in town, Kai shrugged.  Just then, a little girl bumped into him and scurried away.  He stared at the child in distaste, Could we talk somewhere else? Somewhere with less people?
How forward of you, Austin teased, but still agreed, Sure.
For the first time in awhile, being around so many people hadnt made her uncomfortable.  Still, she understood if Kai didnt feel the same way.  They made their way through the crowd, and Austin stumbled a few times.  The crowd was unforgiving now, without Aidens presence.
They settled inside a small coffee shop.  It was nearly empty, a stark contrast to the festival outside.  Everyone must be too busy for a cup of coffee.
All the businesses here are family owned.  Youre not going to find any Starbucks or Walmarts here, Kai informed her, striding up to the cashier, An apple cider and a pumpkin spice latte, thanks.
Howd you know that I like that? Austin asked once Kai had sat the steaming cup of cider in front of her.  She took a small sip of the fall beverage and couldnt help but smile at the taste.
Aiden hired only the best to be your guardians.  Itd be a shame if I couldnt even remember your favorite drink, he took a sip of his own coffee, Ill introduce to tea soon, if I can.  Not sure if Aiden will let us keep up contact.
What kind of dragon are you, Kai? she asked as she sat down in one of the hard chairs near the window.  He sat across from her and looked out, staring at the flags and clothes, all blue.
Water, he replied absent mindedly, And Im probably the only one here that doesnt like the festivals.
Isnt today your ancestors birthday then? Austin chose instead to stare at Kai.  He continually changed in front of her, and she couldnt pin down who this guy was really supposed to be.
She had been under the impression that he was a happy, popular guy, but that had just been his cover in the human world.  He was supposed to have been Chelseas boyfriend, but he wasnt acting like he had just lost a lover.  When she had first seem him today, he had been cold and angry, but his face had softened since then.
Who was he?
Oceana sounds gullible.  Ive never been fond of her, so I dont celebrate her birthday like my race does, he leaned back in his chair, New Years is always fun, though.  We took that holiday from the humans.
It looks like youve all taken a lot of things from the human, she brandished the cup for him to see, along with the cardboard strip around it to prevent her from burning her hands.  She doubted that Affelil would have come up with all this stuff on its own.  They were such ahuman invention.
We took coffee from humans, but the coffee holders are our invention, Kai smiled at her disbelieving expression, The best inventions always come from us.  Our air dragons figured out how to reverse the effects of pollution long before we started to damage our world.  Thats why everything here is so clean.
Then why does everything look the same? Austin wasnt convinced.  If they were so far ahead and intelligent, then the buildings should look like something out of the Jet stones, not Italy. The coffee shop should be covered in chrome, not looking like the average Daily Grind.
We all like how it looks.  Tell me, how would you improve this little caf? Kai asked expectantly.  He smiled when Austin was unable to come up with an answer, The machines never break down, the chairs are comfortable, and its warm.  What else could you want?
Youve made your point, she drained the last of her cup, already feeling the effects of the caffeine.
Now its my turn to ask the questions, Kai leaned forwards, locking his hands together, What do you remember about your childhood?
Everything, she answered immediately.  Aiden had accepted that answer, so she expected that Kai would, too.
No, I mean, what specifically?  You are the closest person to Dustin thats still alive, Kai said, This could help Aidens team find him.
Whats in it for you? she raised an eyebrow.  She had already decided to tell him; she wanted Dustin caught no matter what.  Still, she wanted to understand his motives.
Well, he chuckled, not upset at being found out, It wouldnt make a bad story.
	In a low voice so that the other customers wouldnt hear her, she told him almost everythingexcluding only the parts that would get her killed.  With every word, she watched his expression change from interest to amazement to worry and then back to interest again.
	Damn that Dustin for making her story so interesting.  If not for himwell, her story would be normal.  It would be safe.
	For the next two hours, Austin talked.  She talked until her throat and mouth went dry, at which Kai would buy her another apple cider, and then she would talk again. Of course, she only told him the things that wouldnt get her killed.
	As she told him everything, skipping from topic to topic in no particular order, she watched his face light up and darken, then light up again. When she told him about Dustins role as her big brother and how she had trusted him, Kais expression was confused, like he could never understand how she had made that mistake. When she told him about the lake she loved to swim in near Dustins cabin, Kai smiled.  It was only when he stiffened, when Austin told him about all the times that her mind had been manipulated, that she stopped.
	What? Austin asked, setting her third cup of cider down.  It had gone cold sometime in the past couple minutes.
	Your mind cant have been messed with that many times, Kai raised a hand as if to touch her forehead, but he quickly though better of that, Not without ill consequences.
	Ill consequences? Austin raised her eyebrows at the phrase, but the strange wording didnt stop her blood from running cold.  Kai sounded serious, and even a little scared.
	When a, he paused and started over, When a fledglings mind breaks, it isnt pretty.
	That was enough to convey everything.  Austin ran a hand through her hair and let it stay there, cradling her head.  Dustin had broken her, or he almost had.
	Kai continued, You just need a necklace.  A special magic-y necklace full of magic stuff that you wont and shouldnt- understand.  Ill talk to Aiden about getting one for you.
	Thank you, she coughed, her face heating up.  She wasnt used to being noticed, much less people going out of their way to help her.
When she looked up to meet his eyes, she saw him smile.
Chapter 10: Stalker
	A man stood in the shadows of a closed pub, dressed in borrowed clothes that would help him blend into a crowd.  The festival goers had all returned home and the lanterns had been blown out, so darkness and silence shrouded the streets of Strongham, concealing him.
	The man shrunk deeper into the shadows, feeling the presence of people.  Austin walked into his field of sight, her fiery red hair giving away her identity.  She was taking the route back to the training grounds, but she was not alone.
	Her guide wasnt Aiden.  The man wondered where the general of Stronghams military was, but cut the thought short.  His job was not to wonder, but to give Austin every ounce of his attention. 
	He couldnt help but wonder how Dustin would react to Austin making friends with a storyteller.  He hoped that he wouldnt have to kill Kai Davis.  He had to admit, the boy was one of the best storytellers to walk to face of Affelil inseventy years or so.
	Even if he was ordered to kill the storyteller, he might not.  He wasnt going to cater to Dustins ever whim, no matter how high of a position he held.  He wasnt going to be a servant to the boy he considered a son.
	The Austin and Kai Davis turned onto another street, but the man made no move to follow them.  He didnt want to rouse suspicion.  Instead, he slipped his hand against the brick wall behind him, searching for the deepest part of the shadow.  When he found it, he closed his eyes.
	The night gave each his people a unique ability. To him, it had given the Sight.  The darkness acted as his eyes whenever he wished.  On a night such as this one, where the new moon gave no hint of light, his vision was remarkably clear.
	Austin and Kai Davis were still safe, still heading towards the tents. Despite the fact that his Sight carried with it no sound, their smiles told that they were happy as well.
	Wanting to see them with his own eyes before his shift was over, he took a step forwards.  It was only then, stopped by the cold metal of a dagger, that he wished he had spent more time wondering where the general had gone.
	Chaos, Aiden welcomed him warmly, trailing a line of blood across the mans neck, What a surprise.

Chapter 11
	The wooden object was heavy in Austins hands, but she managed to lift it, just as Aidens own came down.  The swords were made in the same way and of the same wood, but Aiden swung his around with a grace that only comes with years of experience.
	They had been practicing since dawn, and Austin hurt from head to two.  She could bear the hits she received at the end of his makeshift weapon; those were necessary.  The thing that she just couldnt stand was that he hadnt let her have any coffee.
	Was I as bad as her when I came here? a boy her age asked.  His mentor just chuckled and shook his head.
	Austin tried to block out the crowd that had assembled around her and Aidens practice session.  Some of them were mentors and their fledglings, some were random citizens of Strongham, and some were Aidens fans.  The fans, mostly girls, snickered softly whenever she was hit or fell.
	About that necklace, Austin tried bringing the subject up again.  She had explained the situation when she first saw Aiden this morning, but he had ignored her.
	Its impossible, he brushed her off again and brought up his sword. He held it with grace that only comes with years of practice and use, For starters, those necklaces are mostly illegal.
	Only mostly? she raised an eyebrow.  Not impressed, Aiden smacked her upper arm with his sword, just as he had done for the past five hits.  Austin tilted so that side was no longer in his reach.
	And besides, only one necklace can be made for a mind, Aiden swung low, and Austin almost managed to block him.  As it was, she only moved his swords path from one leg to the other, Dustin has yours.
	Dustin? Austin tightened her hold on her sword and swung.  Her attack was blocked, of course, and that infuriated her even more.  Dustin.  It just had to be Dustin.  Whenever something went wrong, he was the cause of it.
	Were close to finding him, Aiden assured her, taking a step to the left.
	We? Austin smiled. Was she hearing a job offer?  She would love to bring Dustin down a notch or twenty.
	My team and I, not you, Aiden hooked his sword around hers lunged.  Austin felt the wooden handle slide out of her grasp when the rough edge found her throat.
	I want to help, she shook her hair out of her ponytail.  It was true.  She could care less about the sword fights that she would never win, but she could be useful in bringing Dustin to justice. 
Aiden tossed his own sword to the ground and gestured to their left.  A wooden building stood out among the sea of tents, and Aiden said, Thats the mess hall.  You must be hungry.
Maybe a little bit, she shrugged.  She was more tired than hungry, but lunch couldnt hurt, What are they serving?
I hear the hunters have been having a lot of luck recently, so there must be a lot of everything.  Sure, we have farms outside Strongham, but the hunters are the ones that bring back the meat, Aiden said as they weaved through lines of tents, And the food here is free for the military, which includes you.
Nice, she nodded, but that brought up a new issue.  She hadnt seen Kai pay for their drinks last night, but she was sure that some form of money changed hands. Affelil might have its own currency; even if it didnt, she didnt have many American dollars to her name, Aiden, how am I going to earn money here?
Kai will pay you for your help, Aiden answered.  Austin was surprised that he already knew about her job as the storytellers assistant.  The two must have talked when she was already asleep.  He checked his watch, Its not a Wednesday, but Im sure he wouldnt mind if you helped around today. Something unexpected came up last night, and I have to deal with it.
Unexpected? Austin probed.
Just a minor security breach, nothing big, he assured her, So while Im off, youre free to do whatever you like.  If you didnt want to help Kai today, you could visit Demitri, or even explore the city.
Maybe Ill do a little bit of both, she shrugged, smiling.  She hadnt seen her Uncle since they had gotten into Strongham, so of course she wanted to see him.
Aiden opened the door for her as they entered the mess hall and Austin took a deep breath.  The food looked fantastic, and she realized that she was hungrier than she had thought.  He handed her a plate and they joined in the line of people waiting for food.
Deer, wild boar, I think thats hawk, and the fruits and vegetables are over there, Aiden pointed at each section as he named the foods they held.  He went to work and cut apart a slice of the deer meat, and Austin followed suit, trying not to gag.
Just like beef.  Just like beef, she chanted internally.  To the best of her knowledge, she had not before eaten an animal that had been hunted.  She didnt necessarily want that to change, but she did want meat.
That being as far as she was willing to go, she shoveled some salad and grapes onto her plate, and sat down across from Aiden in the dining area of the hall.
Hi Aiden, one of the girls that had been watching the practice session greeted him, setting down her plate next to his.  Austin looked down at her hands, but couldnt help but watch the girl out of the corner of her eye.
She was pretty, with short brown hair and a cute, freckled face.  Austin quickly stole a direct glance at the girl, and saw that her eyes were a light, minty green.  She was dressed in a dark green shirt, and a heavy necklace  hung from her neck.  Austin wondered if the necklace was ordinary or special, and decided that it was probably ordinary.  Aiden had said that special necklaces were mostly illegal, after all.
Sage? Aiden asked in surprise, with such warmth that even Austin was jealous, I would have thought that youd be a guardian by now.
I have my license.  I just wanted to stick around for a bit, the girl, Sage, leaned towards him with a smile, Can you blame me?
I guess I cant, Aiden chuckled and gestured to Austin, This is my fledgling.  Shes going to explore Strongham today.
Oh, Sages voice flattened as she stuck out a hand.  Austin shook it, Im Sage Burnswell, Guardian class.
What does that mean?
It means that Im qualified to look after a fledgling, like Aiden.  Of course, Aiden is qualified to do nearly everything, Sage rolled her eyes, He is the prime example of an overachiever.
Says the girl who graduated top of her classes here.  Sage went to one of Affelils best colleges, Aiden said, a grin on his face.  Distracted, Austin took a bite of deer.  It tasted different, but it wasnt bad.
Sage and Aiden seemed close, even closer than he and his brother were.  She wondered how long they had actually known each other.  It had to be a long time, at least.  They must want to catch up.
Austin shoveled her food from her plate to her mouth and downed it all in a few minutes.  Neither of the two noticed her haste until she stood up, Im going to head off now.
	You finished quickly, Aiden noticed, but dug into his pockets, Hold out your hand.
	She did as he asked and he placed a few silver coins into her palm, curling her fingers around the money.  It was a strange gesture, and too intimate.  She pulled away.
	Im sure that someone will give you a tour of the city, Sage assured her, smiling, Do you need directions to wherever youre going?
	Im going to where Kai works, she coughed, feeling embarrassed.  Sage, however nice she was acting now, had laughed every time she fell in the practice session, so Austin wasnt necessarily up for small talk.
	The storyteller? Sage asked, looking at Aiden, Is that wise?
	He was one of the three I hired to watch after Austin, and the only water dragon to come back alive, Aiden said, as if to challenge her. Austin frowned at him.  Last night, he was so rude to Kai, but now he was defending him.
	Sage didnt argue, Alright then.  Austin, youre going to want to take the main road out. Youll pass threethree? Yeah, three fountains, and then youre going to want to take a right.  Then youll see it.  Just look for the books.
	Got it, Austin nodded.  Main road, three fountains, and bookskind of like an episode of Dora the Explorer, I can do it.
	She tucked the coins into the back pocket of her jeans and waved as she ran out of the tent.  A few people her age, or who looked her age, watched her as she passed them, but most paid her no mind.  It was a beautiful day with an unpolluted sky, and as she made her way out of the training grounds, she saw a few people practicing, all with varying weapons.  Except for guns.  They never used guns.
	I- Austins mouth opened, but she couldnt complete her sentence.  Somehow, she had gone in the completely wrong way; instead of reaching the buildings, she found herself at the edge of the city walls.  She rested her hand on the smooth stone before turning around, ready to go back.
	Do you need help? Austin turned around to see a boy who couldnt have been more then seven, Im only in second grade, but I can make the wall disappear, if you need me too.
	Youre so little, Austin said, surprised.  She was under the impression that kids were only brought into the city when they were old enough to be trained, Are you even allowed to be here?
	Youre new, arent you? the boy stared at her suspiciously, as if that somehow made her inferior in his eyes, I was born here.  Why would my parents have to give me up and send me far away?
	That was a good point, such a good point that Austin was embarrassed for not having realized it.  She changed the subject, No, I dont need to get out of Strongham.  I just got a little lost.
	Where are you going to? the boy held out his hand and Austin shook it.  The formal gesture barely surprised her anymore.
	Kais shop, she answered.  Everyone so far had known what she was talking about, so she thought the little boy would, too.  He didnt.
	Who is Kai? he asked, adjusting his hat.  Austin caught herself from commenting on just how adorable he looked in his oversized baseball cap.  She wondered if he had ever even been to a baseball game.
	Just some storyteller, she shrugged, and the boys brown eyes lit up in recognition.
	Tall, blonde, and grumpy? he asked, excited.  When Austin nodded, he took her by the hand and dragged her in the direction of the crowded buildings, Dad said that he worked with a storyteller like that.  I used to visit his shop all the time.
	Whos your dad? Austin asked.  It was unlikely, but maybe she had met the guy, or had at least seen him.
	You wouldnt know him.  Hes been working a lot, ever since I was born, the ground transformed from grass to cobblestone under their feet, His name is Demitri.
	Uncle Demitri? Austin asked, staring at the boy.  There was no way.  Sure, they shared the same generic looks, but this kid was way too scrawny to be Uncle Demitris kid.
	He doesnt have any nieces.  Its only him, mom, and me, he slowed down and let go of Austins hand.  If they ran through the midday crowd, they would likely bump into someone.
	No, I just, I would just call my guardian that.  Even though technically my guardian was Aiden.  Or maybe it was Kai, Austin shrugged.  The technicalities of the situation confused her, so she just thought of each of them as a guardian.
	Dad used to work with Aiden, too, he looked at her, Maybe Ill introduce you two tonight.
	Maybe, she smiled and looked around.  People streamed in and out of buildings that looked like stores, so she guessed that they were in the business part of the city.  She could see one of the fountains Sage had told her to look for.  Children and a few teenagers crowded around it and a few were tossing bronze coins in.  The water was sparkling and marble dragons made the centerpiece stand out.
	She liked this.  She liked being here.  No one paid her any attention when she was without an important guide.  Her spot in the crowd could easily be replaced by someone else, but there was still a spot for her.
	And she liked that.
	We turn here, the boy said and disappeared into the crowd.  Austin whipped her head around, searching for him.  When she couldnt spot his baseball cap, she followed her gut and turned, trying to find him.
Chapter 12
	You get lost easily, the boy grabbed her arm and yanked her to the side of the path, where she could breathe for a second, This is the place.
	Wait, I still dont know your name, she said before he turned to leave, Im Austin.
	Thats a boy name, he pointed out, but sighed, My name is Garry.
	They walked up about five feet before Austin bumped into a rack of books.  Looking up, she saw that several of them were out at the side of the street, all of them slanted in the direction of a glass door.
	Found the books, she laughed before pushing open the door, leaving fingerprints on the blue tinted glass.  Garry scrambled past her and disappeared behind a bookshelf.  She heard his footsteps grow quieter as he ran to the back of the shop.  The kid sure had a knack for escaping.
	Austin didnt know what she expected, but it sure wasnt this.  The shop was more like a dusty used bookstore than anything else.  Its second floor and high ceiling gave it no charm whatsoever. 
Youre early, Kai said from behind her, and she whirled around.  His blond hair was gelled back, he was wearing a white button down, and wire framed glasses sat on the bridge of his nose, Its not Wednesday, is it?
	I thought you might need some extra help, she bit her lip, trying to bring herself out of the shock Kai was putting her through.  He looked so formal and resigned, which in turn made him look twenty-something, not eighteen, How old are you, again?
	Two hundred thirty-something, I think. Actually, Im not sure, he answered absent-mindedly and gestured towards the back, I have paperwork to do, so it would be great if you could wipe everything down.  That includes the door, which you just put fingerprints on.  Cleaning supplies are in the kitchen.
	Theres a kitchen? she asked, already walking in the direction he had pointed.
	Of course theres a kitchen, Kai scoffed, I live here.
	Someone needs a cup of coffee, Austin muttered once she found the kitchen. He seemed grumpy today, definitely more so than he had been last night. She found a dishrag and an EcoFriendly cleaning spray, and went to work.  She wiped down the warped shelves, using a step stool for the ones too high for her to reach, until they shined.
	Austin, Kai called after she had finished the first section.  She navigated through the shelves, making sure not to trip over any stray piles of books, until she found him at his desk on the second floor.
	The second floor, she found, was better kept than the first.  Here, new, colorful books filled the shelves, and it was better lit.
	Yeah? she asked, looking around.  His desk was covered with paper, pens, and index cards.  An old fashioned typewriter and a laptop sat side by side on the left side of his desk.  She didnt bother to wonder why the people here didnt upgrade to the newest models of things.  They picked and chose what they wanted, and that seemed like a pretty cool way to go about doing things.
	Like I said, I have paperwork to do, but there are children here, he said the word children as if it were a disease, They want a story.
	When Austin didnt reply, he sighed and explained further, Youre going to have to tell the story.  Just try not to trip over any words and youll be fine.
	What book should I read to them? she asked, her eyes wide.  Her arms were sore from practice and cleaning, but that didnt seem to matter now.  She didnt want to mess up her first real job by reading something boring.
	Take your pick.  Human world books are downstairs.  Books written by me and my family are on this floor.  The children are waiting in the reading room downstairs, he said, signing his name on something that looked important.  Austin looked around at all the books around her, all engraved with the last name Davis, before running down the spiral staircase.  She grabbed a thin book off the first shelf she saw and went to find the reading room, wherever that was.
	The room was adjacent to the kitchen, she found out.  When she burst into the room, the only things she saw were the backs of leather chairs and an unlit fireplace.  
	Hello? she asked.  She couldnt see any children.  Had they all gone home?
	Told you she would be late, Garry, the boy from before, snorted, leaning from around the chair.  Kai must have told him that she would be reading the story today, The storytellers new assistant always gets lost.
	What story is it? a young girl with blond hair crawled out of the chair and looked at Austin.  Her hair was arranged into curls and baby fat clung to her rosy cheeks.
	Uh, Austin looked at the cover quickly, unsettled by how adorable the girl was.  She couldnt have been more than five.  Only really little kids can lisp that cutely, Red Riding Hood.
	Whats that about? Garry asked.  The girl shrugged and walked to the other side of the room, turning on a soft lamp before sitting back down.
	Well, Austin sat on the edge of the rocking chair that faced the children, only to find that there were more of them.  The high backs of the chairs and sofas had hid all of their heads.  She counted seven of them, most of them being girls, I guess youll just have to listen to the story, now wont you?
	She read out of the book, but couldnt help putting in her own touches and comments here and there.  They didnt seem to notice the difference.  Actually, they didnt seem to know the original version at all.  Red Riding Hood must not be as big of a classic in Affelil as it is in the human world.
	Thats stupid, Garry complained once she snapped the book shut, So the wolf just ties up the grandma? And no one dies?
	In the original version of this, the original original version, the wolf eats everyone, Austin shrugged.  The girls cringed at this, but Garry seemed satisfied.
	People die, he said, standing up, Im going to take everyone else home, and then Ill come back and take you to my house.  Okay?
	Sure thing, Garry, Austin rolled her eyes and grabbed her dishrag again.  The children left and she scrubbed down the seats, then the coffee table around them.  For the next hour, she swept, dusted, and wiped everything she came into contact with.
	In the middle of putting away a book she had found on the ground, she noticed Kai staring at her from behind the rails that kept people from falling off the second floor.
	Hasnt anyone ever told you that staring is rude? she quipped. Kais sigh was loud in the empty store, and his footsteps even louder as he came down to talk to her.
	You cleaned a lot, Kai said, looking around, I didnt expect you to be so thorough.
	Austin decided to take that as a compliment.  With the funk that Kai was in, that was probably the best she was going to get, Thanks.  I usually did the cleaning when I lived with Uncle Demitri, so-
	I know, he interrupted her, You forget that I was your guardian, too.
	Yeah. How did you do that, anyway? We never talked before this week, she said.  She ran her fingers over the old books, almost none of them current in the human world.
	Aiden didnt want you associating with a storyteller until it was absolutely necessary.  I swear, for a city without a class system, there really is a lot of prejudice floating around, and all of it directed at my job, he said, pushing his glasses up, I was reduced to not much more than a stalker.
	So you watched me while I slept? Let me guess, you were looking in front my window, she laughed.  Kai didnt appreciate it.
	The fire escape outside your room wasnt exactly comfortable, especially not in the winter months, he said, completely serious.  Austins mouth hung open; had he really watched her without her knowing? But mainly, I would just check in from time to time and fill out the necessary paperwork.  Which reminds me, some key parts were missing.
	Wait, after I ask you this, Austins brow furrowed as she fought to remember something.  That last time they had seen each other in the human dimension, Kai had said something, You said I looked like my mother.
	I met her once, before you were born.  I was twenty one, so that would have made hertwo hundred? She never gave me her exact age, but in human years, she looked to be in her early thirties.
	Was she nice? Austin asked.  Her curiosity was tainted with sadness and jealousy.  Kai had met her mother while she hadnt, and he was too busy going off on tangents to tell her what she wanted to know.
	Austin was rewarded with a smile as Kai remembered, Incredibly so.  She was a hunter, but she took guardian classes on the side.  I met her at her goodbye party, right before she left for the human world.
	A hunter, Austin nodded.  Her knowledge of that job was extremely limited, but she didnt think there was much to know. They were obviously the ones that fed Strongham, and Aiden had seemed to respect that position very much.
	Thats where she disappeared.  The human world, Kai stared at her intently, his icy blue eyes piercing through her, We have to guess thats where you were conceived.  Actually, thats what I wanted to talk to you about.
	I dont want to talk about how I was conceived, Austin said, a blush flooding her cheeks.  Sex-Ed in school had been bad enough.  Kai giving it would be torture.  Besides, she didnt think that any of the fundamentals would change, no matter if the species was a human or a dragon in a human form.
	Not how.  Who, Kai stepped forwards, Its extremely unlikely that she found a rogue dragon there.  Its strange, but I cant find any records on who your dad was, or even could have been.  No male dragons were assigned jobs in her immediate area.
	Austins throat suddenly felt very dry, So?
	Who was your father? Kai asked.  Austin avoided eye contact, instead choosing to pin her gaze on the door.  She willed Gary to come in and drag her off to Demitris.  He said he would be right back, and now would be a very nice time for him to do just that.
	I dont know, she said.  That was the truth.
	I just have to fill in the paperwork, Kai sighed, his shoulders dropping.  He seemed less intimidating now, but more tired, Austin, I dont care who your parents are.
	I thought that family trees were important to everyone here, Austin said, not falling for it.  She chose each word carefully, since Kai was dangerously close to the truth.
	Well, just call me strange, he shrugged in such an offhand way that Austin had no choice but to believe him.
	I really dont know, she said.  Kai looked at her, taking in her body language and tone, before nodding.
	Ill leave that section blank, then.  Its not like anyone can blame us, his voice grew bitter, After all, we can just blame everything on the chaos.
Twenty minutes later, Austin was being led down the darkening streets by Gary, who had returned as promised.  She noticed lanterns being lit, even though the sun had yet to go down.  When she asked about it, Gary had a hard time putting his words together.
	The darkwere not afraid of it.  Well, we are.  But we dont want that to be obvious.  So we still have fun.  We stay out after dark.  But its never really dark here, since we put up so many lights.  The lights keep us safe, he seemed satisfied with that answer, and Austin didnt push.  She simply followed him out of the business section and into the thinner streets, where the air was thick with the scents of flowers and bread.
	Here, Garys hat was slightly out of place as he pointed at a brick house. He pushed open the burgundy painted door and ushered Austin inside, Mom, Dad, I brought a girl home!
	Dont say it like that, Austin grumbled, but looked around.  This house didnt look like Uncle Demitri lived in it at all.  Back at their old apartment, he had decorated the place with full boxes of girl scout cookies and dragon ornaments.  She had just thought that he was eccentric.
	This home, however, was filled with warm and worn things.  A green hunting jacket hung from a closet door, photographs lined the walls, and the walls were a comforting crme.  Upon closer inspection, Austin found that most of them were focused on Gary, others were pictures of three people: Gary, Uncle Demitri, and a woman that Austin didnt recognize.
	A girl? heavy footsteps stomped down the stairs, and Austin bit her bottom lip as a man came into view.  He almost looked the same, except he was happier now.  He was happier here.
	Uncle Demitri? she said his name, and her eyes watered.  Her allergies must have been acting up.  Theres no good reason why she should be crying right now.
	Demitri stood in front of her, his eyebrows raised almost to his hairline.  Suddenly, he ran forwards and brought Austin into gigantic bear hug, I didnt expect you to visit so soon!
	She said that she knew you, Gary said, bored, I thought she was lying.
	No, no.  She was my assignment.  She was why I was in the human world in the first place, Demitri let her go and spun Gary around, Thanks for showing her the way here, Gare.
	Shes weird, Gary stage whispered into Demitris ear, and he nodded. 
	Hey!  Austin cried out, indignant.  The two snickered and her face filled with a blush.
	Ill go help Virginia cook.  Weve always got food to spare, so dont worry, Demitri said, pointing at Austin, Stay right there.  I mean, dont stay right there.  Make yourself comfortable.  But stay.
	He backed away, not able to keep a smile off his face.  Gary stared after him with a sullen expression.
	So he really was your guardian, Gary sighed, shoving his hands into his pockets.
	He raised me, Austin nodded, not noticing the grimace on the young boys face, He was the best uncle that anyone could have.
	I was going to hate you.  He was never here, always too busy raising a kid I had never met, Gary laughed, staring at her.  Austin stared back, her eyes wide.  She cursed herself for not even thinking of that.  Gary must have felt like she was stealing his dad.
	But? she prompted, hoping that there was a but.
	But I cant hate my foster cousin, now can I? Gary asked.  He was mature, much more so than Austin had been at his age.
	Well, Austin shrugged, smiling, I suppose not.  So were cousins?
	I suppose so, Gary responded, turning his head away. 
	Just then, a woman who looked thirty five which, as Austin had learned, probably meant that she was more than a few centuries old- walked into the corridor.  She was wearing a long, floral shirt that highlighted her curves and skin tight jeans.  Her brown hair was pulled into a high ponytail.
	Hi, the woman said, staring at Austin, Its so nice to finally meet you.  Im Virginia.
	She stuck out her hand and this time, Austin was expecting it.  She shook Virginias hand strongly, Im Austin. 
	You have a lovely home, Austin said, since it seemed like the right thing to say.  She couldnt keep herself from staring at the woman
	Thanks, Virginia laughed, letting go of her hand.  She took out her ponytail, letting her hair fall around her shoulders, Ive heard a lot about you.
	You have? Austin asked, looking at Gary.  He hadnt seemed to know anything about her, except what she had told him, Gary didnt, uh, seem to-
	Gary doesnt listen to most of what we say, Virginia sniffed playfully, So dont take it personally.
	I listen, Gary mumbled, looking at the ground.  Austin smiled.  From what she had seen, most ten year olds didnt have the attention spans needed to have a decent conversation with their parents, much less retain things that had been said.  She wasnt going to take offense in any case.
	Sure you do, Austin snickered, elbowing the boy.  He pushed her back, and Virginia gave them the look: the  you-two-stop-fighting-or-else look.  They stopped fighting.
	Well, Virginia smiled, rubbing her hands together, Demitri is probably finished setting the table.  Have you eaten?
	No, I havent,  Austin said.  The skin around Virginias eyes crinkled as she smiled, putting a delicate hand on Austins shoulder.
	Good, youll join us for dinner then, she said decisively, ushering her into the dining room.  Demitri was waiting for them there.
	Her family had grown.  This sassy little boy and his sweet mom, they were her family now.  She had only met them today, and already they accepted her, even if they shouldnt.  They more than forgave her for taking away Demitri for so long.
	She was really going to like it here.
Chapter 13
	Are you sure that you want to leave? Virginia asked after dinner.  Demitri and Garry were playing a board game in the kitchen and had already said their goodbyes, but only after Austin promised to come back, Its getting dark.
	Ill be fine, Austin rested her hand on the doorknob and smiled, It was really nice to meet you.
	Come back any time, Virginia said, her voice growing quieter after Austin stepped out the door.  She shut it behind her and walked onto the empty streets.  The lanterns were lit, but the moon, barely a sliver in the dark sky, didnt provide much added light.
	She walked through the streets and tried to remember how to get back to the training grounds.  She took a left, since that looked familiar, but was completely lost after that.
	Maybe I was supposed to go right, she mused.  She turned around and almost walked straight into a man.  She didnt bother trying to figure out how old he really was.  She was tired of doing that, so she just settled on the fact that he looked twenty.  From what she could see, he was kind of cute, Oh, sorry.
	Its okay, he said, looking at her with bright eyes, Its my fault for bumping into you in the first place.  I mean, theres a lot of space on the streets at this time at night.
	Its my fault for- oh well.  Whats your name? she asked, shifting her weight from one foot to the other.  It couldnt have been past midnight and Aiden had never given her a time to be home by, so it couldnt hurt to chat.
	Davey, he smiled, But you should get to wherever youre going. This city isnt as safe as you might think.
	Davey took a turn and she shook her head, trying to put the guy out of her mind. This city was full of cryptic people.
	Austin! the shout was out of place in the alley, and she spun around to face the man who had called her name. Her shoulder scraped against the brick wall and she winced, looking at the figure at the end of the alley.
Kai, she smiled, waving a hand in greeting. She felt herself sway-
	She was suddenly aware that she was in Kais shop, sitting in the reading room with the smell of books thick in the air.  Kai was sitting a hot cup in her hands.  When had he gotten a drink for her?
	She didnt remember coming here.
	Drink it, Kai instructed, his hand folding around her own, I used to live in Britain fifty or so years ago.  I learned that tea solved most everything.
	Does it now? she murmured, taking a sip of the earthy drink.  It slid down her throat, warming her from the inside out.  Kais hands tightened and a shot of pain went through her arms. She cursed, spilling the tea on herself.
	This might feel a bit different from when I healed your shoulder last time, Kais warning came too late, You had only pulled that, and it was only one injury.  Im fixing all of your bruises, and you have a few cuts, so-
	Thank you, she said.  Kai looked up at her again and smiled in spite of the situation.
	No problem, he said and let go, Done, but Im not going to let you leave.
	What? she asked.  She found the book that she read earlier that day and ran her fingers over the paper cover.
	Thank you, she said.  Kai looked up at her again and smiled.
	No problem, he said and let go, Done, but Im not going to let you leave.
	What? she asked.  She found the book that she read earlier that day and ran her fingers over the paper cover.
	You look ill, Kai said, frowning.
	Its not pretty when a Fledglings mind breaks.
	She changed the subject.
	Whats up with you?  You seemed so moody today, but last night you were so happy, she pouted, drawing the blanket higher.  Her shirt was twisted around her, tight where it shouldnt be, but she didnt have the boldness to fix it in front of Kai. 
	I just dont like Tuesdays, he chuckled, patting her on the head.  That gesture, little more than what one would do to a dog, made her feel unimaginably better, I promise that Im usually much cooler.  Now, can you do something for me?
	Depends on what it is, she said, her words soft and running together.  She yawned.
	I just need you to go to sleep, he said.  Austin nodded.
	Dont do anything weird to me while I sleep, she yawned, For all I know, you could have just drugged me.
	Youre not going to have to worry about that with me, he assured her, standing up, Ill be right upstairs if you need me.
	She closed her eyes and slept, only to be rudely awaked a few moments later.  The door banged against a wall and the person who entered was shouting. 
	Kai, have you seen Austin? Aiden gasped, frantic. Austins eyes fluttered open and through the open door, she could see him.  He was wearing the same clothes as yesterday and his face was pale.
	Aiden? she called.  It was still dark out, Im right here.
	Why are you here? Aiden rushed over to her and pulled her out of the chair.  She tilted, the ground moving under her feet.  He sounded angry.
	I brought her here, Kai appeared at the door, staring at Aiden disdainfully, I found her last night.  She was walking the streets alone.
	Im perfectly fine, she assured him. Her hands sought out the end of the couch to prevent herself from accidentally falling off.
	Thats my girl, Kai smiled, winking at her.  She glared at him.  He hadnt believed in her.  He was just as worried as Aiden.  Realizing that, she softened her glare. She wasnt going to blame him for being worried.
	Im not anyones girl, she reminded them both sternly
	I guess that Ill take my leave then, since youre perfectly fine, Aiden used her words, but he was relieved now, Make sure to come back to the training grounds tomorrow, before it gets dark.
	Yeah, she nodded.  Before she could say goodbye, Aiden swept her up into a big hug, squeezing her tightly.  His arms restrained her so that she couldnt return the favor, but he seemed content with that.  He burrowed his face in her hair and tightened his hold on her.
	Bye Austin, he let go of her after two minutes (she counted) had passed.  Aiden walked out the door and she stared after him.  For some reason, her heart was racing.
	Try going to bed, Kai said, regaining her attention.  He had a bad case of bed head and his glasses were crooked, but she didnt bring that to his attention, If you can.
	Hes not mad, is he? she asked, looking back towards the door, which had already swung shut, Since I didnt check in?
	Hes just glad that youre okay, Kai promised her, Now Austin?
	Yeah? she said.
	Go to bed.
Chapter 14
	When Austins eyes opened, this time when daylight shone clearly through the store, she was met with a pair of bright blue eyes, the eyes that had haunted her dreams for years.  She stiffened and tried to put distance between them, but the chair pressed into her back.  Unless she moved towards him, she didnt have anywhere to go, Dustin.
	She clenched her fist and launched it at him, landing the hit on his jaw.  He cursed and Austin froze.  That wasnt Dustins voice.
	You must be feeling better, Kai grimaced, rubbing where she had hit him.
	Im so sorry, she gasped, straightening up.  She brought her knees to her chest and stared at him, Oh my god, its just that your eyesthey look exactly like his.
	Are you Christian? he asked suddenly, You say oh my god a lot.
	Its just something people say, she answered, confused.  She hadnt heard anyone use that phrase yet, but she had assumed that they did, Arent there Christians here?
	No human religions are- he stopped and rephrased what he wanted to say, Were Originals because we believe in the Origin story.  Thats the religion here.  Well, its more of a fact, since we know its true. We usually take the name of our Original in vain, which would be Oceana for me and Fern for you.
	Weird, she shrugged.  She didnt care about that, since religion had never really been her thing, but Kai seemed really interested in it.  She wondered what other lessons she would be taught about this world, and how many of them were actually worth listening to.
	You cleaned a lot yesterday, so that doesnt need doing today, Kai sighed, still rubbing his jaw, Could you do a few errands for me?
	She had almost forgotten that Kai was her boss, Sure.  What do you need done?
	Deliveries, he said immediately, And grocery shopping.  Were almost out of food.
	What kind of food do you want me to get? she asked.  He had better give her money for it.  She didnt think that the pocket change Aiden had given her would cover it.
	Any kind.  Can you cook? If you can cook, just get anything you would need, he said, And ramen for days that youre not here.
	All you eat is ramen? Austin raised her eyebrows.  From a human (or half human, if she was being technical), that couldnt be healthy.  That was the opposite of healthy.
	He shrugged and handed her a few bills, I cant cook at all.
	Fine, she sighed and racked her head for a recipe.  He was a water dragon, right? She could make something simple, like spaghetti, and maybe add in a few clams. She probably wouldnt mess that up, Ill be back soon.
	Take your time, Kai said.  She slipped on a jacket that she didnt remember having the night before as he nearly pushed her out the door.  She had the feeling that Kai was trying to get rid of her.
	As she walked through the streets, she couldnt help but be cautious.  She flinched whenever someone jostled her and she watched the streets more carefully than she had done the night before.
What Gary said had some weight to it.  The sun, the light, it did make things safe.
	She found a small market and picked up what she needed.  She wasnt surprised to see human products, like ramen and macaroni and cheese, among the natural things.  Everything here was a mix of human and nature, old and new.
	Her arms laden with groceries, she walked back to Kais shop.  She would pick up the things that she had to deliver, and then she would be on her way again.  She pushed open the door and dumped the bags in the kitchen.  She would put those away later, too.
	Austin made her way upstairs, her shoes tapping quietly with every step she took.  She could hear voices from upstairs and when she worked her way through the shelves, she saw Kai and another man at his desk.
	Austin, Kai coughed, stepping away from the man, Youre back early.
	I had to get the deliveries, she said, dazed, Who is this?
	Derrick.  Hes a- Kai said hurriedly, but the man cut him off.
	Derrick took her hand and shook it briskly, Hi, I was just dropping by to ask Kai a favor.  Im an investigator for Brandon, Aidens brother, and I have a stack of paperwork that needs doing.  Its for your case, actually.
	Youre investigating me? she asked, running her eyes up and down Derricks body.  His black hair was gelled down, his teeth were a bright white, and he wore a suit.  He looked  professional.
	Im working Dustins case, he explained, smiling, Along with Aiden and a few others.  As far as we can tell, you are Dustins weak point, so your case coincides with his.
	Isee, she nodded and looked back at Kai, The deliveries?
	Theyre on a table downstairs.  Each package has an address written on it  I trust you can find your way, he said.  Austin took that as a goodbye, so she nodded and left.
	Now, Derricks voice floated through she shop before she shut the door, Where were we?
	Her cheeks were filled with a blush as she realized what she had walked in on, or what she thought she had walked in on.  She shook her head to clear it and moved on, finding the addresses that matched the ones on the packages. 
	My book! an older woman waved the box around, shaking it, Its my book!
	Your book? Austin asked.  The woman looked sixty, so old that Austin didnt even try to wonder how old she really was.
	My life book.  My life story, the woman laughed, walking back into the house, Tell that storyteller thank you for me.
	Sure thing, Austin nodded and walked away, trying to balance the rest of them with one arm.  It didnt work, and she dropped them into the street.  Surprisingly, the crowd moved around her, not stepping on any of them.
	Hey, Aiden said.  That explains why no one was trampling her at the moment.  He stooped down and picked up the cardboard boxes, Doing errands?
	Yeah, she nodded standing up.  She tried to take the packages back, but he didnt give them.
	I have a few minutes before I head off to my job.  Ill help, he smiled and Austin caught herself staring.   She looked away before he noticed.
	Your job, its to find Dustin, isnt it? she asked, snatching back one and leaving him to carry the rest, I met one of your partners today.
	Derrick? Aiden asked, but it wasnt really a question.
	Howd you know? she smiled, putting the box in her hand into a mailbox.
	You were at Kais, Aiden answered, widening his eyes innocently.  That solved the wondering thoughts in her mind about her friend, Derricks nice.  Not my type, but nice.
	What is your type? the words burst out of her mouth.  Aiden didnt reply, just looked at her and smirked.
	She shook her head and looked away, trying to hide the blush that set across her face.  From his silence, she could tell that she hadnt turned quick enough.
Chapter 15
	After they handed out the last of the boxes, Aiden went outside the wall and Austin went back to the shop.  She made sure to knock before entering, not wanting to accidentally walk in on something.  Kai opened the door, his expression pained.
	There are children here, he grimaced, avoiding all mentions of what happened earlier, It seems that they want another story.  And there are more of them this time.
	He refused to face her directly.  
	What do you have against kids? she asked, stepping past him.  She searched the shelves nearest to her, since those seemed to hold the children and young adult books.  She wanted to actually take her time and pick out a book that all the kids would like this time.  The boys would want something exciting.  They would want a danger filled quest.  The girls would probably want something magical.
	Austin stopped.  That was it.  Magic.  She took one of the newer books, one about wizards, off the shelves, just as Kai spoke, Its not that I hate them.  Theyre just a handful.
	What was I like as a kid? she asked.  She wouldnt know, since some people were so insistent on erasing her memory.  As far as she knew, Kai was the only person not to, and that was probably less to do with his morals and more to do with the fact that he didnt have that particular ability.
	Kai tapped her head lightly with a book, You were a handful.
	She made a face at him and walked into the reading room, where the kids were waiting.  Now that she looked, she could see the tops of several small heads over the edge of the chairs and sofas.
	None had noticed her yet, all too  engrossed with the story already being told.  Gary was sitting in the storytelling seat, spinning his own fantasy, And then human slashed at the great, scaly dragon.  It fell back, screaming in pain, surprised at the damage a single sword could do.  It-
	Youd make a great storyteller, Austin said, making herself known.  Gary immediately stopped talking, making it clear that Austin had made a mistake.
	Thats stupid, he snapped, jumping out of the chair.  He sat back down beside a cute little girl who hadnt come yesterday.
	Austin frowned at him, sick and tired of this prejudice, Whats stupid is the way everyone judges people who like words.  Why are you here, if storytellers are so bad?
	Youre not a storyteller, though. You just work here because Aiden told you to, Gary said, Dad said so.
	Theyre not bad, the girl next to Gary tried to explain, They just dont have real jobs.
	Is that so? she placed her hands on her hips, looking around at all the small faces.  She was about to do a dangerous thing, about to make children think for themselves, Im here because I want to be, not because anyone told me to.  And f you all think that storytellers are so useless, you must not like being here. So why dont you just leave?
	Are you kicking us out? Im telling dad, Gary threatened.
	Austin wasnt impressed, Go ahead.
	The little girl spoke again, fidgeting in her seat, Well, I dont know. I like being here, and I like stories.
	That was good enough for Austin; it was actually more than anything she expected from this group.
	You can stay.  Actually, anyone can stay, unless you dont like storytellers, she dared.  Three of them, one being Gary, stormed out, and she sighed.  Hopefully her uncle wouldnt be too mad.
	She saw Kai in the doorway, and guessed that he had been listening in.  He sat on the arm of one of the now empty chairs, Mind if I stay?
	Do whatever you want, she shrugged.  Kai gestured for her to sit in the storytelling chair, so she did.
	Worrying that she had taken her temper tantrum too far, her voice trembled as she read the first few lines. She coughed and steadied herself.  She wanted to give the remaining kids, the nice ones, a good time today.  What message would she be sending if she messed up story time today?
	She just really hoped that she hadnt gone too far. Her ideas really were going to get her in trouble someday, if they hadnt already.  She was too human for this world.  As if sensing that her thoughts were spiraling downwards, Kai gave her a reassuring smile.
	She started to read.
Chapter 16
	Later that day, after she had done everything that needed done at Kais shop, Austin was sitting outside her tent.  She flipped through the pages of a book Kai had given her, the pages illuminated by the dying sun.  Kais name was on the cover, so it was obvious that he had written it, but she didnt think it was fiction.  The issues seemed too real, the people too real. She was only on the first few pages, but from what she could tell, it was about a chaos dragon captured by Stronghams guards.
	She looked up when she heard leaves crunch and saw Aiden limping forwards, drenched in blood.
	When she saw him, she didnt think.  She couldnt think.  If she allowed herself to think, she would explode from worry.  She tossed the book aside and grabbed at Aidens shirt, forgetting to be gentle.  She searched his body for cuts, cataloging each one that she found.
	Austin, stop panicking.  Im okay, Aiden said, holding her by the shoulders.  He slowly pushed her away.
	You are not okay, she argued, looking over him again.  He had cuts on his face and arms.  Blood was staining his shirt, which was sliced in many places, so she guessed he had more injuries there, too.  He had drying blood on his face, crusting over his eyebrow, There are chaos out there.  What if you got hurt? My god, Aiden.  You might be a good fighter, but you cant just go out alone.
	I was with Derrick, so I wasnt alone.  Besides, most of it isnt my blood, to prove his point, he shamelessly took off his shirt.  His body was clear of any major injuries, save for a nasty cut that ran across his chest.
	Why dont you have a water dragon heal this? she brought out  box of bandages she had stashed in her tent, another present from Kai, and nearly pushed Aiden to the ground as she patched him up.  She started with the still bleeding gash on his chest.
	I like to heal naturally, if at all possible.  It keeps me from getting careless, he said, not bothered at all by the fact that Austin was so close to him, And weve had a chaos prisoner here for the past few days.  A group of them attacked us, trying to rescue it.
	Did they? Austin asked.  She wiped her hands on her jeans to clean them, and placed a fresh bandage on another cut.  He rolled his shoulder.
	Fortunately, no, he shrugged, Although we didnt take any new ones.  Not today.
	You killed them? she asked.  When Aiden nodded, she mumbled, Oh.
	The pit in her stomach grew heavier.  She didnt understand why.  They were chaos, and on top of that, they hurt Aiden.  They deserved to die.
	Have you fallen for me yet? he asked suddenly.  Austins hands froze.
	No, she said, her eyes focused on the cut she was trying to fix up.
	Have you fallen for Kai instead? Because I doubt that will work out well, Aiden said, chuckling.  She purposely put pressure on a painful looking wound, and he winced, I just asked because I saw him on my way home.  He seemed troubled.
	Im not going to fall for Kai, so you dont have to worry about that, she said, shrugging, And why are you such a jerk to him?
	She wasnt going to let that issue go.  Aiden wasnt allowed to be a jerk, especially not to Kai.
	Hes a storyteller, he said, as if that covered everything.  
	He said that you used to be cool, she prodded, Back in the human world.
	In the human dimension, he was more of a guardian and less of a storyteller, he was disappointed.  Austin knew that, in his eyes, she was just being difficult.
	Thats bull, she snapped, standing up.  She didnt tolerate this in children, and she definitely didnt tolerate it with Aiden.  She was just tired of this storyteller prejudice, Im going to see whats wrong with Kai and Ill be back tomorrow morning for practice.  Goodbye.
	She grabbed her bag from inside her tent, which she had yet to unpack, stuffed Kais book into it, and marched away.  Aiden knew her well enough that, when she was having a fit, he didnt try to stop her.  Maybe he should have.
	By the time Austin pushed open the door to Kais shop, she calmed down.  The shop was empty, but she doubted Kai had left without locking the door.  She searched for him and found him at his desk with his face in his hands.  He didnt make a sound, so Austin thought h was asleep.  She crept back downstairs and went to the kitchen.  Struck with an idea, a brilliant idea, she found the tea bags and cups. Kai did say that tea solved the worlds problems.  Maybe, just maybe, it would help with his own.
	Why on earth would you use that kind? Kai asked.  She flinched and dropped the box, and a dozen miniature bags fell out.  She put them back and shoved the box away, Which would you prefer?
	I keep good tea on the upper right shelf, he reached for a box, Ill make it.  I doubt youve used anything but bags before now.
	She didnt like the tone he used.  She snatched the box and pushed him away, familiarizing herself with the kitchen.  The dishes were piling up in the sink, mostly bowls and cracked cups.  The doors to the cabinets were wide open, showing how overstuffed they were with boxes of tea and ramen.  Notebooks, fiction books, cookbooks, and even more boxes of tea cluttered the counter.  No wonder Kai kept the door to this room shut.  It was a mess.
	Teach me how, she ordered, wanting to feel useful.  She took out a cup from the crowded cabinet, only to be stopped by Kai.  She put it back slowly and reached for the tea kettle, waiting for his nod of approval.
	He nodded.
	  She filled it with water straight from the tap.  She ignored his sound of discontent.  He could deal with having tap water.  She put the kettle over the stove, switching the temperature to high, I have no idea what to do after this.
	Itll be a few minutes until it boils, Kai said, Warm some milk while we wait.
	Should I be taking notes? she teased, doing just as he said.  She dug through the refrigerator, which was miraculously organized, and took out the milk.  She poured the creamy liquid into a bowl, setting it over a low flame.
	Warm the pot, too, he said.  She followed his gaze to a light blue teapot, glazed over from years of use.  She filled the pot with hot water, dumping it out once the pot grew warm.  The kettle whistled and she lost her grip on it.  She watched, her eyes wide with horror, as the pot hurtled towards the ground.
	Kai grabbed it, one of his hands neatly closing around the handle and the other supporting it from the bottom.  He placed it carefully in her hands, Careful.  Thats almost as old as I am.
	Really? she asked.  He chuckled and shook his head, but in such a way that she couldnt tell if that was a yes or a no.
	Now what? she asked.  She held up the box of tea, Is it time?
	Kai nodded and she whipped out a spoon.  She heaped on the tea leaves and went to dump it into the tea kettle.  Kais hand on her arm stopped her.
	Thats too much, Kai said, moving her hand so that the spoon rested over the open box.  He shook out most of the contents and then moved her again so that she would dump it into the tea pot instead, You put the leaves here.
	I really should be taking notes, she laughed, doing as he said.  Following his next instructions, she poured water in from the kettle and left the tea to steep, And it really is different than normal tea.
	I would think so, Kai said, sitting down in one of the chairs.  He moved a pile of books from the center of the table to the floor, This was kind of you, Austin.
	How do you know I wasnt just using you? Its always been a life goal of mine to open a tea shop, she said offhandedly, grinning, I just needed to learn how to make the tea.
	Thats a lie.  You wanted to be a horse, then you wanted to own horses, and then you wanted to be a cowgirl. What do you want to be now? he asked.  Kai was settling back into his role as her guardian, and Austin wondered if that was such a bad thing.
	Im pretty content with being the storytellers assistant, actually, she said, looking in the pot.  A few minutes had gone by, and the liquid was a dark brown.  She brought the pot to the table, as well as two small cups and the milk.  
She tilted the detailed teapot slowly, not wanting it to spill the tea that she had worked so hard to make.  The tea ran out and the first two drops hit the center of Kais cup, its dark appearance contrasting heavily with the white ceramic.  She adjusted the tilt, fearing that it was coming out too quickly, and that caused it to miss the cup entirely, running over the pot and scalding the hand that supported its spout.  She flinched, but managed to keep her hold on the pot firm.  Kai stood up to help her.
	His hands folded over hers, cold in both temperature and emotion, and his movements were quick and precise.  Once the dark tea filled his cup halfway, he let go of her hands, choosing then to mop up the mess she had made with a thick napkin.
	She was now used to the sudden contact between them, so it didnt affect her.  Her hands had somehow already healed from the burn.  She  poured her own tea, replicating what Kai had done.  Most of the tea went into the cup this time.  Its smell, a sweet scene that reminded her of honey, permeated the kitchen air.
	She inspected her cup, now holding it in both hands.  A blue spiraling line followed the rime, the only detail on the otherwise plain white cup.  The tea was dark, so dark that she couldnt see the bottom, and that made her suspicious.  Wasnt tea supposed to be light and see through? What Kai had made for her last night, when he thought she was in shock, had looked like apple juice.  Still, she tried it and watched as Kai mirrored her actions.
	He grimaced just as the liquid hit Austins tongue.  Her expression changed, but in the exact opposite way than Kais had.  Her lips curled around the cups edge in a smile.  It tasted just as it smelled, which meant that it tasted insanely sweet, almost like sugar water.
	The hot tea filled her mouth and she swallowed, feeling it warm her from the inside out, This is amazing.
	Its good, Kai agreed halfheartedly.  In a lower voice, he added, For a first attempt.
	Its amazing, she said again, silently daring him to argue.  He did.
	It gets better, he replied, but raised the cup to his mouth once more.
	Liar, she said, It does not get better than this.
	Kai added more than enough milk to his, hesitating before he asked, Did you mean that?
	About you lying? No, because you are a liar if you think this tea is stupid, she said decisively, sitting down across from him.  She smiled.
	No, about you being content with being my assistant, he looked down into his teacup.  She leaned over and touched his hand affectionately, thinking that physical contact would make him feel better.  It didnt, at least not visibly.
	Well yes, but I didnt come here to be your assistant.  This was a social call, she shrugged, taking another sip.  She really liked this kind of tea. The flavors were richer and more mysterious.  She remembered having some that tasted like this yesterday, when Kai thought she was in shock.
	Most people dont pay me social calls, Kai said, Especially not they seewhat you saw this morning.
	Are we talking about Derrick? Austin asked.  Kai shrugged and she knew she had guessed right, Of course Im fine with that.
	Are you sure? You dont have to spare my feelings, Kais fingers tightened around the fragile cup, People leave.  I accepted that long ago.
	Austin stared at him, her mouth still curved into a sad smile. Kai was old, she knew, but maybe he was too old.  She couldnt imagine how lonely he must feel if he thinks everyone will leave him in the end, Ill stay.  You dont have to worry about me.
	Everyone promises that.  Dustin, Chelsea, and now you, Kais glasses were sliding down his nose, revealing the wet eyes beneath.  Kai either didnt notice or didnt care, probably the former.
	Losing your girlfriend must have been hard, Austin told him, latching onto the only thing she could.  Kai said Dustins name with a familiarity that only comes with friendship, and that confused her.  She couldnt bring that up now, though.  Not when Kai was so unsteady.
	Im gay, not bisexual.  Chelsea wasnt my girlfriend, Kai informed her, open about it.  She didnt think that he would be, not after how nervous he had been when she found out.
	What? she asked.  She distinctly remembered seeing them walking through the halls, his arm slung around Chelseas slender frame.  They were a couple. Her throat closed as she remembered how happy her lab partner had been.  She was always so happy, and usually because of Kai.
	Chelsea was not my girlfriend, Kai said, That was our cover story.  We needed an excuse to always be together, an excuse that humans would understand.  Dragons dont assume that a girl and a boy are dating, but humans do.  We went with it.
	She was my best friend for the better part of thirty years, as if an afterthought, Kai added, She liked me.  I never told her about Derrick, and she liked me.
	The cup slid from his grasp, hitting the table and spilling its contents all over Kai.  Once it had done its damage, it rolled off the table.  Kai didnt catch it, and Austin winced as she heard it break.
	I stood by as she threw herself in Dustins way.  I stood by as she died, Kai bent down and picked up the pieces, the edges slicing into his palms.  Austin sighed stood up.  She dug through his cabinets, looking for something to fix up the cuts that she knew he had gotten.  The shelves were a mess, the complete opposite of the organized shelves that stood outside the kitchen.  It was impossible to find anything here that wasnt a book.
	By chance, she stumbled across a box full of bandages. 
	It wasnt your fault, she said, ripping open the packaging.  She took his arm in her strong grip. Kai swatted her hands away and took the bandages himself.  He picked out the pieces of glass in his skin and wrapped the gauze around his cuts. It must be a pain for water dragons to be unable to fix themselves up.
	Yes, it was, he said.  His shoulders dropped, Its my fault in every single way. I was there when Dustin was growing up, but I wasnt there for him.  His parents were gone, but I could have raised him.  I could have protected him when the chaos came. But I didnt.  I stood by and watched, which is something I seem to do a lot.
	You knew him before he was a chaos? she asked, trying to sound nonchalant.  It was hard for her to admit that she wanted to know more about Dustin, the chaos boy in the pink hat. 
	Kai nodded, I watched him grow up.  His parents were gone, missing but presumed dead.  Even so, you could never get him to stop smiling.  He would come into my shop most cold days to warm up, but he never read.  I could have been there for him, but I wasnt.  I could have saved him from what he is now, but I didnt.  I was there when the chaos raided our city, near twenty years ago.  I watched as they took him away.  He screamed for help, and I watched.  Stand by and watch, thats what I do best.
	You never mentioned knowing him, she said.  For a reason she didnt understand, her throat was aching.
	Were discouraged from doing so, Kai said calmly, throwing the sharp pieces into a trash bag, No one talks about the chaos except to condemn them.  We mourn the dead, but we dont not mourn chaos.  We dont remember the people they used to be.  We just wish them dead.
	Still, not your fault, she managed to say.  Kais words were bursting out of him now, and even just listening to him made Austin dizzy.
	Of course it is.  He kills people, Austin.  He kills and kills and kills.  He murders.  Sometimes he gets creative with them, but most of the time its quick, emotionless.  Killing is second nature to him now, Kais eyes were wide now, crazy.  Did tea have caffeine in it? Caffeine would aggravate him, and he looked aggravated, You are one of the few to ever escape him.  He kept you like a pet, or maybe he managed to make you believe that you two were family.  It doesnt matter, does it?  Hes a monster now.  He killed so many people.  He killed Chelsea.
	Austin didnt want to hear this anymore.  She was fine with being here, but she wasnt ready to hear about Dustin. She grabbed a pen off the counter and shoved it into his gauzed hand, Write.  Thats what you do, isnt it? It sounds like you have more words than you know what to do with.
	Yeah, he nodded slowly, somehow managing to still look eager at the idea, Yeah.  Stay here.  Drink tea.  Ill be upstairs for a few hours.
	She ignored what he said and followed him opt the stairs.  He sat on the desk and fed a piece into his antique typewriter, so involved with his actions that he didnt notice Austin.
	His fingers ran across the letters, typing faster than Austin thought was possible.  He never seemed to run out of words.  Austin was more impressed with that than Aidens sword fighting, but she didnt say that.  It might seem like too much of a compliment.
	What are you writing? she asked, taking a seat on the floor.  She leaned against a shelf full of books Kai had written.
	He didnt take his eyes away from the keyboard, A letter.  I dont have any novels Im working on, and Ive already completed the articles Ive been paid to write for the newspaper company across the street.  So Im writing a letter.
	Oh, she nodded.  She fell asleep that way, with hardback books as an uncomfortable cushion.  Her dreams were peaceful for the first time in months, filled with the sounds of typewriters and paper.
Chapter 17
	The next morning, she stood in the center of a new training ring. The clouds hung in the sky, blocking out the sun, and it was cold.  Still, she had promised she would train today.  Austin held the wooden sword, testing the weight.  It still felt alien in her hands, but it wasnt as impossible to hold.
	She stared at the figure in front of her, a makeshift dummy made of cloth and flour.  
	Hit the torso, Aiden barked from behind her.  She did, and he added, No, no.  Not like that.  Slash, dont stab.  Slash.
	She slashed and the edge of the sword dragged on the cloth. Without waiting for another command, she did it again, this time faster.
	Arm, he said.  She swiped at the arm, fraying the worn fabric.  Her arms were already sore, but when she saw one of the bystanders, an old mentor, nod in encouragement, it was worth it.
	Torso.
	Arm.
	Leg.
	Torso.
	Me.
	She followed his order automatically, spinning around with her sword already outstretched.  She swung towards her mentor as fast as she could.  She felt impact.
	He blocked her with his bare forearm, Harder.  That felt like I was getting hit with a pillow.
	What kind of pillows do you use? she grumbled, swinging at him again with more force.  He stepped out of her way and she stumbled forwards.
	Arm.
	She tried, but he twisted out of her way.  She swung again, and again she missed.
	Low.
	She swung low, and he jumped back, his sneakers landing on the dying grass without a sound, Legs again.
	She whipped her hair out of her face and, purposely disobeying, swung high.  She caught him off guard and her sword slashed at his shirt.  She felt it rake against something extra, like an undershirt.  Or a bandage.
	Oh god, she remembered how torn up his chest had been yesterday, Im so sorry.
	Dont be, he tugged at the dark shirt, separating it from the skin, That was good.  Would you mind if we took a five minute break for me to redo these bandages?
	She nodded and tossed the pack of bandages at him, something she had remembered to bring along.  The old mentor from before, the one who had offered silent encouragement, waved at her.
	You are Austin, yes? the man asked once she had walked over to him, The storytellers assistant?
	He had a perfect Chinese accentnot that Austin would know what one sounded like.  Still, she had to wonder how long he had been stationed in that country for him to speak so heavily.
	Is that what Im known for? she asked, a smile on her face.  At least no one knew her as The Girl Who Was Kidnapped By Dustin.
	I suppose so, the man said, chuckling, My son told me about you.  He was very mad, you see, that you made him leave.
	I gave them the option to leave.  They took it, she shifted her weight from one foot to another.  The man nodded, not seeming bothered in the slightest.
	I just wanted to meet the fledgling who has already started to influence our city.  It was wise to start with the children, he looked past her to where Aiden was patching his injury back up, with the help of Sage.
	I didnt plan in influencing anyone, she said hurriedly.  She didnt want anyone to think she was purposely starting a revolution.  She didnt want to be a troublemaker right off the bat.  She could bring an overhaul in a century or so
	A century.  She could live a century.  She could live even longer than that, if she was lucky
	Well, if you planned on it or not, Id like to thank you.  There are a few that share your views, he nodded, shook her hand, and walked away.
	Who was that? Sage asked from behind her.  Austin didnt turn around.
	She just shrugged, I never got his name.
	Dont talk to strangers, Sage said, putting a hand on Austins elbow.  Austin looked at her with an eyebrow raised.  They didnt know each other well enough for casual contact like that.  Sage removed her hand, Aiden, Derrick, and I have our hands full keeping our city safe, and you draw in a lot of chaos.  For all we know, he could have been one.
	So youre on Aidens team? she asked.
	Yeah, for now, Sage nodded, I wont be around forever.  Right after Chelseas funeral, Im heading off to the human dimension.  Weve found a fledgling.
	Austin faintly remembered Aiden introducing her as a guardian, Right.
	And shes an air dragon, no less, Sage continued, not noticing Austins lack of interest, Id like to have her finish high school, but that wont be possible.  Chaos dragons would just love to have one of them.
	I havent met an air dragon yet, Austin mentioned.
	Thats because there are so few of them, Sage shook her head, We revere them, so of course theyre main targets for chaos.  They taint or kill, never leaving one whole.
	Sounds like something theyd do, Austin said.
	You have no idea, Sage laughed.  She was mocking Austin.
	I think I do.
	Really? You havent experienced them first hand.  You had what? A short encounter with Dustin? You saw one person die.
	They killed my parents, she said, feeling absolutely nothing as the words left her.  
	Are you sure about that? Sage asked, her dark brown eyes intense.  The longer Austin stared, the more her eyes changed and shimmered.  She had true dragon eyes, like Dustin and Aiden always did.  Austin looked away.
	What happened? she asked, since Sage seemed to know.
	Youll have to ask one of your guardians, Sage said, a tight smile on her face, And I can guarantee that Aiden wont tell.
	Austin, Aiden said, giving no sign that he overheard their conversation, Lets continue where we left off.
	Yes sir, she said, stepping around Sage.  She didnt usually talk to girls, and she didnt know why Sage was talked to her.  However, she did guess that it was somehow linked to the way the guardian watched Aiden.
	Aiden took hold of his sword and pointed it at her, Lets go.
Chapter 18
	Austin walked back to Kais shop, her entire body sore once again.  She would probably be sleeping over again today, since she had rushed out this morning without a goodbye, and she thought about her tent.  As comfortable and enticing as sleeping on the ground sounded, she preferred the reading rooms comfy chairs.  Even leaning against the bookshelf, listening to Kai type, was fine with her.
	She tried to push open the door to his shop, but it didnt budge.  She noticed an envelope taped to the glass with her name on it.  When she held it in her hand, it was heavy. 
	Austin, the paper inside the envelope read, Since youve become quite fond of my shop, I thought you might drop by this afternoon.  Sadly, if you are reading this, I am not there to greet you. You could search for me throughout the city if you like, but I wouldnt recommend it.  You might find me at the supermarket or delivering packages, but Im probably out on a date.  Ive enclosed a key for you.  Keep it.  Enter whenever you need to, but lock the door behind you.  If Im not there, customers shouldnt be either.
	Kai.
	It was written in fancy handwriting, but Austin guessed that it was Kais normal script.  She took out the key and ran her fingers across it.  It wasnt normal.  It was a heavy skeleton key, like the ones used in the 1800s.
	Who knows? Maybe the shop is that old.  Still, Kai should have had the locks replaced in the last two hundred years.
	She unlocked the door and stepped inside, instantly ready for work.  She dumped her stuff at the door and walked straight to the kitchen, leaving the door open behind her.  She didnt want to make herself sick from chemical fumes.
	She started on the dishes first, scalding her hands with hot water.  Most of his cups were chipped but the bowls were not.  Did he only drops cups, then?  She stacked the clean dishes precariously on the edge of the sink and stumbled on a watch in one of the shadows that the cabinet cast.
	It was an antique model, one that Kai often wore in the human world. Blood, long since having dried, flaked the glass and gold plating.  Austin guessed that it was Chelseas blood, but wasnt sure about that.
	Even though Kai wasnt an overly violent person, sometimes it was impossible to avoid bloodshed.
	She ran the watch under the steaming water, hissing as it scalded her skin.  She yanked her hand back, watching as her skin grew red.  She would have to hide that from Kai.  Fledgling or not, fire dragons didnt burn.
	She wiped off the watch with a washcloth, and then went to work sorting out the cabinets.
	Empty, she said, looking into a box.  She tossed that one into the open trashcan and found that most o the boxes were empty, just taking up space in his cabinets.  She threw empty box after empty box away until the shelves were nearly bare.  She straightened the remaining items up and, since there was so much space left, put away the things lying on the counter.  Tea was organized in the upper right corner, just like Kai preferred, and food filled the rest of the shelves.  She leaned back, impressed with her work, before wiping down the counters.
	Things did need to be done in the bookstore part of this building, but the kitchen was a hazard.  If she didnt fix things up now, who knows what could happen?
	What a surprise to see you here, Kai said without a hint of shock in his voice.  Austin chuckled, her back still facing him.  She stacked the dishes onto a shelf she had completely cleared, right under the teapots, Ill be right back.
	She heard him pick up the trash bags, the plastic crinkling loudly around his grip, and he left with them.  Trash must be picked up here same as it was in the human world.  Or the human dimension.  Or whatever it was called.
	No, that couldnt be right.
Kai, she called, hearing a door open as he came back, I havent seen any cars since I arrived here. Whats up with that?
We usually give human inventions a sixty year testing period before we bring them to Affelil, he said, looking tired, And cars failed that test.  Why would we clog up our atmosphere with exhaust fumes?
So, if there arent garbage trucks, what do we do with trash? she asked.  Satisfied with how the kitchen looked, she turned to face him.
Well, I have my very own portalsorry, my own door that leads to nowhere, so I dump mine through there.  It ends up in some landfill in near Boston, or sometimes in the ocean.  Portals are fickle like that.  Other people have to take their trash to one of the public portals.
You just dump all of your trash into the human world? she blinked.  That meant that the filth that covered her streets, the smog that filled the air, wasnt the humans fault, not entirely, Isnt that-
Kai interrupted her smoothly, One might wonder why youre so sympathetic towards humans.
Well, she said, her throat suddenly running dry.  She swallowed, Well, I
You need to choose your battles wisely.  Pick a cause, Kai rolled his eyes, Storytellers, humansnext youll be sympathizing with chaos.
Whats wrong with you? she spat, finding her words.  He looked taken aback by her sudden temper.
Nothing, he said.  After a few seconds of her glare, he decided to tell the truth, Sorry. I had a fight with Derrick, and  its- 
And Kai was taking it out on her. Right.
Ill make some tea, she sighed. One of them had to take the high road in this.
In only a few minutes, quicker now that she didnt need constant directions, she poured a cup for Kai.
	Better, he complimented her after taking a sip.  She poured herself some, adding milk, and tasted it.  Today it tasted creamy and floral somehow.
	Now talk, she ordered, sitting down.  More books had piled on the table in her absence, so she moved those to the floor.
	Why am I always the one who talks? Kai asked in more of a complaint than genuine curiosity.  Austin shrugged.
	The first night I came here, I told you everything, she answered, remembering that night.  There was something about the scene that wasnt righta familiar face.  She tried to focus on the figure.  Just as the jacket became more define, the face sharpening, Kai broke her focus.
	He said, interrupting her train of thought, More must have happened since then.
	Is this research for your story? she asked.  She was dealing with a storyteller, after all.  She didnt want every detail of her life to be published.
	No, this is me trying to be your friend, Kai said stiffly.  Austin almost laughed at his awkwardness.  After a few seconds of holding it in, she did laugh.
	Whats so funny? he asked, leaning forwards.  He looked irritated, probably thinking that she was laughing at him.
	You just looked so serious, she laughed and threw him a bone, Fine.  Lifes been great here on Affelil.  Training is going well, even though my muscles are sore for a few hours after it ends.  I work at your shop.  I read to kids.  What else is there to do?
	You havent done anything but work? Kai asked.  She nodded, Austin, youre supposed to be spending your free time making friends and having fun, not spending it trapped in my shop.
	She chose not to say anything.  She chose to work here, chose to sleep here, and chose to make him tea.  She wasnt trapped, Is this your way of kicking me out?
	No, he looked shocked at the idea, I just know that there are so many places in Strongham that everyone should see, and to think that you havent been there is just-
	Fine, she said, You take me.  If youre so-
	Im not taking you, he said, pushing his glasses higher onto the bridge of his nose, I dont want to see the sights.  Ive already seen them.
	Then I guess Ill go by myself.  Youll have to end up following me anyway, she tilted her head, baiting him with false innocence, You are my guardian, arent you?
	I technically never retired from that position, but- he frowned.  She knew that she had him.  She spent years perfecting the art of changing Demitris mind.  Kai, with his awkwardness and his sleep deprived mind, didnt stand a chance.
	And youre all about technicalities, Austin pointed out, standing up.  She took her coat, which she left sit on the table, and slid it on.  The heavy weight was just the same as it had been in the human world, and that was comforting. Not everything had changed, Well go grab a cup of coffee.  You need coffee, not tea-
	Tea solves everything, Kai muttered under his breath.  Austin pretended not to hear him.
	And while were drinking coffee, youll tell me what happened between you and Derrick.  If you feel better after that-
	I wont, Kai promised.
	If you feel better after that, Austin repeated, Well see the sights.  If not, well come back here.  Okay?
	What happened with Derrick isnt even a big deal, Kai said, staring absently at the leftover tea in his cup. 
	Lets go, she said with such finality that even Aiden wouldnt have dared to disobey.
Chapter 19
	They sat in the adjoining room to the caf.  7The sun had already begun to set, so only a few brave souls were sitting t the tables, not quite managing to be completely replaced as they finished their drinks.;  Their voices, all young, barely reached Austins ears, and she couldnt pick out a word of any of the conversations.
	This is one of my favorite places to go when I have to get out of the shop,  Kai said.  He sat down in a low chair in the corner of the room and Austin took this opportunity to look around.  Her eyes were drawn to the vivid, modern artwork hanging on the walls.  For some reason, she was expecting old painting, not impressionist stylings obviously taken from the human world.  The under the paintings were a pastel green, light and unassuming.  The wooden floors and steps were run down, the paint chipping off.  Business cards and torn flyers joined the bits of paint on the floor, since they were haphazardly taped and pinned to any wall space where they would fit.  Flyers also hung there, advertising events in both Affelil and the human world.
	Here you go, a waiter sat down the drink hey had ordered just a few minutes ago.  He was cute, his curly black hair mostly covered with a beanie and his eyes hidden behind thick framed glasses.  She had always been attracted to guys like that in the human world.
	Thanks, she mumbled, acting like she always did around waiters.  Cute or not, she never liked talking to people while they were working.  The only exception had been that Amelia girl, back in New York.  The waiter smiled at her, said something back that she couldnt quite make out, and walked away.
	Hes cute, she said once the waiter had walked away.  Kai raised his eyebrows at her and shook his head in a small, quick movement, Oh right, you prefer guys like Mr. Tall Dark And Scary.  Did you two break up?
Were not breaking up, but maybe we werent together in the first place, Kai sighed, holding his cup of steaming black coffee. Right when it seemed that he had forgotten about it, he took a sip, Thats what started the fight.  We shouldnt even be fighting.  Im just over two hundred and hes twice that.  Were too old to be acting like teenagers.
	Im pretty sure that everyone has relationship troubles, Austin said, holding her apple cider with both hands.  Any more tea, no matter how good it was, would have made her go insane.
	I just, I want more than sex.  Ive known him for years, and I like him.  I really like him, Kai said.  Despite how he claimed that this would not help him in the slightest, Austin could see how relived he was to get this off his chest
	The door behind Kai opened, letting in more than the cold wind.  Two men, one with fiery hair and one with a black trench coat, walked in, talking quietly amongst themselves. Austin raised her hand to wave, but caught herself.  They looked busy.	
	Dont look now, she whispered, looking, But I think fate hates you.
	Kai whipped his head around, locked gazes with the man in the trench coat, and quickly looked back to his coffee.  His grip tightened round the thin cup, and Austin prayed that he wouldnt crush it.
	Relax, she whispered, looking again.  They were both walking over to their table, Hi Aiden.
	Youre with Kai again? Aiden asked, his words turning into a sigh.  She glared at him, and she couldnt help but notice that his companions stare was harsher.
	Who are we to tell them who to make friends with? Derrick scowled.  He put a gloved hand on Kais shoulder and squeezed.
	I was just going to go show Austin around the city, Kai began, giving Austin a pleading look.  That liar!
	Its okay, Aiden said before she could, Ill do that instead.  You two have fun.
	He took her by the arm and nearly dragged her out of the coffee shop.  She spilled cider on herself and laughed, My god, I cant believe we all just ran into each other.
	If you must know, Aiden let go of her, chuckling, Derrick ran into me.  He was looking for Kai, and he thought that he might be there.
	So you decided to help him out of the goodness of your heart? she asked.  Aiden laughed, shaking his head.  She knew that thought was too good to be true.  
	I knew that if we found Kai, wed find you, Aiden said matter-of-factly, And I wanted to be the one to show you around the city.
	She could understand that.  He was her mentor as well as her best friend, after all.  Austin elbowed him.  They were sinking back into their old dynamic, and she was fine with that, Youre terrible, Aiden Fer.
	Inferno, he corrected her, elbowing her back, My last name is Inferno.  That name isnt too common in the human dimension, so I had to shorten it.
	Well, maybe shed have to rethink the part about him being her best friend if she didnt even know his real name.  Then again, did she even know her own? She went by Austin Anderson, the name Aiden had given her, but her first name had been Austin Johnson.  She would happily revert to that if it hadnt been Dustin who named her.
	She pushed that thought away and raised her eyebrows, Mysterious.  What else about you dont I know?
	Well, Aiden thought for a minute, linking his arm through hers, Ive never had a girlfriend.
	No way, her laugh cut short when she realized he was being completely serious, Arent you like, a hundred years old?
	Im only a hundred and three, but yes.  Ive never liked anyone before.  No girl, or boy for the matter, has intrigued me like you do, he said.  She elbowed him again, this time as hard as she could, You care, but youre not loyal.  Youre fragile, but youre not afraid to fight.  Everything about you is wrong, but youre brave.  And youre mine.
	Oh quit it, she snapped, Ive already told you that I dont like you.
	Hes over a hundred and he was still thick enough to think that insulting her was a good idea.
	A dragons lifetime is a long time to not like somebody, he replied and led her down yet another street.  This one was a dead end, and a giant fountain took up most of the space.  Austin strained her eyes to see.
	Aiden stood on the fountains edge and brought something out of his pocket.  He made a sudden movement with his hand and a light flickered in his palm.  He had matches.  Slowly, he lit each candle, strategically placed so that the water would not hit them, and the structure glowed to life.
	Austin took a step forwards and stared at the water, alive and glimmering with light, Wow.
	Aiden smiled, letting her have the moment.  She couldnt help but wonder if this was all part of some elaborate plan for her to fall for him.  It wouldnt work.
	Her eyes sought out the shiny objects lying under the surface.  It was a mix of human currency and Affelil coins, like the ones that Aiden had given her.  There was one thing that did not belonga necklace.
	A milky white glass orb was held by a dragon figurine.  The entire charm was barely bigger than a marble, and it hung from a thin chain. Even in the faint candle light, it glittered and even seemed to shine.
	Aiden, she said, her voice urgent.  She stared at it.  This wasnt possible, but yet, it was happening.  She couldnt fathom what it was doing here, or how she recognized it.
	Youre welcome, Aiden said.  She shook her head.
	Aiden, Austin pointed at it, no doubt in her mind, Thats my necklace.
	She reached into the freezing water and took the necklace, holding it by the end of the chain.  It dangled from her fingers, heavier than it looked, and all Austin could do was stare. 
Chapter 20
	I dont want you staying the night at Kais anymore, Aiden said, leaving no room for complaint, Its not safe, so I need you where its protected.
	He was here, she said, her hands still clenched around the cold metal of the necklace, Aiden, he was here.  Dustin was here.
	She wasnt scared.  Her eyes searched every shadow, watching for the boy with the blue dragon eyes.  Her heart beat faster and her breaths turned shallow.  But she wasnt scared.
	Why wasnt she scared?
	It might not have been him.  You are like a magnet for the chaos, Aiden sighed, looking at her from her head to her sneakers, and back again, Maybe its because of how you dress.
	Whats wrong with how I dress? she asked, tugging on the hem of her shirt.  It already hung down to below her belt, so she didnt see the problem with it.
	Aiden didnt answer, just shaking his head.  She put a hand on his arm, feeling the cotton fabric of his dark shirt.  Aiden jerked away, Austin, not is not the time to try to comfort me.  Im
	Anxious? she supplied words, knowing that she was feeling those exact things.
	The words arent important.  Whats important is that youre safe, Aiden said, brushing off her suggestions. The sun had fully gone down now and some people had started giant bonfires, strategically placed around the training fields.  Austin wondered if they did this every night.
	She followed Aiden as he led her to the nearest bonfire.  The soft, hot light lit his face in an orange glow, his fiery hair shining.  When she saw her own hair, moving slowly in the soft breeze, she saw that it was almost glowing in the fires light.
	Aiden took one of the people farthest away from the fire and turned her around.  Austin grimaced when she saw his chosens face.  Sage.  She was a sweatshirt over her training clothes to ward off the cold.
	Sage whistled, Shes definitely a fire dragon.
	Was there ever any question of it? Austin asked.  She noticed how well she shut down that topic and Aiden gave a small nod, a gesture deemed insignificant to everyone and anyone but her.
	I guess not, Sage laughed, looking back to Aiden, Are you finally planning on joining in on the fun?
	Dustin was here, Aiden said, Can you look after Austin while I go report this to Brandon? Ill be back and then Illjoin in on the fun.
	Sounds good with me, Sage said, unfazed by Aidens news.  Aiden thanked her and took off at a fast pace through the tents, quickly disappearing from view.  Austin searched the inky darkness for a few moments, expecting him to reappear.  She wasnt used to him leaving so abruptly.
	Sage told her, interrupting her thoughts, Im not going to hover over you like everyone else does.  Theres marshmallows over there.  Go make some friends.  But if you try to leave, well, you dont stand a chance against me.  I have seventy years on you.
	Austin was reminded, yet again, that she didnt like Sage.
	Do you like Aiden? she asked.  That question caught Sage off guard, though the info about Dustin had not. Figures.
	Hes my partner.  A friend, she said, recovering instantly.  Still, Austin knew that she was lying.
	You have a good poker face, Austin complimented her.  She watched with empty fascination as Sages cheeks reddened.
	Thanks, Sage cleared her throat.  Gesturing towards the marshmallows again.  Austin took the hint and used a sharpened stick to spear one of the sugary treats.  She held it over the fire, roasting it until the marshmallow caught on fire.  She waited for the fire to spread over the entire surface before blowing it out.
	She sat on an empty log, taking a bite out of the melted marshmallow, and watched the people around her.  Their echoing laughter, mostly drunken, made her feel small here.  She saw Sage throw her arms around another girl in greeting, and she wondered if most people did that.  The only girl she had gotten the tiniest bit close to was Chelsea, so she wouldnt know.
	Kai must be doing better now, since he had Derrick to talk to.  One problem stricken from his list of troubles, but a few million remained.  If she went to the shop now, would he be there? The key still sat in her jacket pocket, right where she put it.  She could easily go there now, just to see.
	Checking to make sure Sage was preoccupied, she slunk off in the direction of the city, following the lines of lanterns through the streets.  She walked in a daze, barely managing to put one foot ahead of the other.
	Help!
	Austin turned her head and stared into a dark alley.  Her eyes immediately adjusted, letting her see a small girl, still a fledgling, being pinned against a wall.  The girls eyes searched her face in a wild panic.
	Keep walking, a voice in her head urged.  She did the opposite of what that terrible voice suggested.  She walked forwards, her thoughts becoming more defined with each step, and said, Let her go.
	The man laughed and just said, Just keep walking, or youll take her place. Im not picky.
	A strange thing was happening in Austins mind.  A pressure was building up in her from the inside out.  She would have felt congested, but the pressure carried with it a burning electricity that kept her on edge, sharpening everything she sensed.
	But the sharpness didnt originate inside of her.  It hung in the air and leaked into her skin, the exact opposite of Aidens calculated mind jab.  
	The light hit the mans face just right, and she didnt recognize him. He was just a face.
	Let her go, Austin said again, this time as a warning.  The man did nothing but glare at her, pressing the girl harshly against the wall.  Austin started forwards, but before she had gotten within five feet, he fell to his knees, clutching his head in pain.
	Arent you a fledgling? the man groaned, rocking back and forth slowly, Your kind has always been so easy to-
	The shadows grew thicker around the mans feet and he hit the ground midsentence. She watched his body twitch and spasm against the cobblestone path.
	She had been the victim of this, but it was strange seeing it happen from the outside.  A fire dragon, wherever it was, was hitting this mans mind with the power of a speeding truck.
	I thought you were a fledgling, too, the girl whispered to her, Was that your first time using your ability?
	Austin shook her head.  It wasnt her.  She hadnt done that, hadnt used any powers, but her own mind felt like it was under attack. 
 The necklace in her pocket, separated by layers of clothing, did nothing to help her. It burned her as she stumbled, giving off a warning that she didnt notice.  The shadows were moving, a dark figure was helping the girl up, and she leaned against the wall to steady herself.
She felt sick, Kais shop, the storytellers placethats where I was headed.  Do youknow-
	Its right there, the girl announced, her voice slightly warped by an accent.  Austin was slightly disturbed; shouldnt this girl be more upset? Another bout of dizziness took over and she dropped that train of thought.  The girl guided her up a set of steps and Austin unlocked the door in front of her.  The hands let go of her as soon as she stepped into the shop, its heat a welcome change.  The girls footsteps were silent as she walked away, disappearing into the night. Austin probably closed the door.
	She made it one, two, three steps before she fell.  Her head hit the hardwood floor with a loud noise that echoed in the empty bookstore, a sound that no one heard.
Chapter 21
	She was half aware of people talking to her.  Half aware that they were moving her.  Hands that were neither Aidens nor Kais were roaming her arms, checking for injuries.  She was only half bothered, only half wishing that she was with someone she knew.  Eventually the people left, but she gave no sign that she noticed their absence.
	There was only one rhythmic sound that reached her ears, the sound of pages turning.  Soon, she became aware of another sound that sounded in between each page turn.  A voice.  Someone Kai, she guessed dimly- was reading. Words flooded her mind as he said them in a tone that flowed, stopping only when a sentence called for it.  Even in her half conscious state, she listened as he told his story.  It wasnt fictional, she didnt think.  If it was, it was meant to be realistic. Still, the idea that his words described his story, something that he had gone through, persisted in Austins mind.
	I fought with the humans.  Thats what we do here for sport.  We fight human battles instead of our own, he said, reading without pause.  She could tell that he had near memorized the words, knowing exactly how to say each sentence for maximum impact.  Austin felt a slight pressure on her forehead, I hated it.  I hate war.  Death littered our battlefields and dreams.  I could barely sleep an hour without hearing screams or sirens.  I met men, good men fighting for what they believed. I watched those same men die, day after day.  We all fought for Britain.  Ive always fought for that nation.
	I thought you preferred the States, Austin mumbled, her throat uncomfortably dry, Boston.
	She tried opening her eyes and found the room too uncomfortably bright.  The curtains to the reading room were drawn open, the room flooded with afternoon light. She shut her eyes again and let her fingers trail along her forehead.  She felt gauze.  Gauze?  She shielded her eyes and opened them once again, just in time to see Kais book fall out of his hands.  He caught it before he hit the ground.
	My trash goes to Boston, he said, leaning forwards so that his elbows were at his knees. He was sitting on the couch, almost right beside where she lay.  Her head almost brushed up against his leg.  He was close, almost too close, The United States is such a disappointing city. I used to visit there in the early nineteen hundreds, when I was still a Fledgling.  It had so much potential then."
	Whats with you and knocking America? she asked. Kai was a storytellers, and shouldnt storytellers look at all sides of a story?
	Whats with you and defending it? he countered, tapping her gauzed forehead with the book, Oh, and would you mind telling me what happened last night?
	What do you mean? she asked. She sat up, putting a few inches of distance between herself and her friends, before looking around.  Everything was in its place, though she couldnt tell why she had expected anything different.
	Just tell me everything you remember, Kai said, his voice low even though there was no one else around to hear him.
	Austin made her voice just as soft, albeit a bit mocking, You mean the part where you went on a date with Mr. Tall Dark and Handsome and basically filled Strongham with rainbows? Because I remember that.
	Kai shook his head, staring at her in disbelief, Im talking about how, when I came back from the caf, I found you passed out on the floor here, with the  door wide open, blood dripping from a cut on your forehead, and a chaos symbol in your hand.
	What are you talking about? Austin asked, her eyes wide.  If something like that had happened, she would have remembered it.  The chaos, or even just one o them, werent going to pass under her radar.
	Kai dug a folded piece of paper out of his shirt pocket and shoved it into her hands.  She took the barely creased sheet of paper and started at it.  The page had obviously been ripped out of Kais books last minute, like the chaos hadnt meant to leave a message.  The words thank you were scribbled almost illegibly across the it, accompanied by a symbol that looked like a cross between a d, g, C, y, and a chair, Thats a chaos symbol?
	Yes, Kai said, taking the paper back.  He tossed it behind him, meaning for it to hit the fire.  It fell short of its target, Were never going to bring this up again, Austin. Not to anyone.
	Sounds great, she nodded slowly.
	Hey, didnt you want a tour of the city? We could do that today, Kai changed the subject abruptly.  She followed his gaze to the window, where a woman in an oversized coat was window-shopping.
	He could no longer look her in the eyes, and Austin noticed, I should probably head back.  Today is a training day,  so-
	No, his grimace showed that this was a topic Kai had been hoping wouldnt come up, Austin, you cant go back there.  Aiden said-
	She didnt like Kai trying to stop her, Aiden said that he didnt want me to spend nights here anymore.  Thats what he said.  Ill have to explain.
	She stood up and started walking towards the door.  She could remember Aiden saying that.  She could remember everything in clear detail, right up until they had caught sight of that unlit fountain.  Her mentor had some explaining to do.
	That was before this scandal, Kai said, grabbing her arm.  His grip was too tight for her to break through, He doesnt want you there, Austin.  Hes already filled out the paperwork to transfer mentorship from him to me.  Its already done.  Im sorry.
	I never figured you for a liar, she yanked her arm away once she had loosened his grip. If she had to choose between Aiden or Kai, she would trust Aiden.  He had been her best friend for years, and besides, he liked her.  Why would he give her up if he liked her?
	She stomped out of the house, having slept in both her sneakers and jacket, and ran down the street.  She wormed through gaps in the midday crowd, her sneakers making soft thuds as she sprinted.  Kai was always two steps behind her, always standing right at the edge of her peripheral vision.
	She made her way to the training grounds and weaved through the tents to reach the center, jumping over rope and weapons as she went.  She did not pause to watch other fledglings fight, each more agile and competent than her.  She was here to find Aiden, and she did just that.
	He was sitting next to Sage in the mess hall, much like he had done that first morning Austin had been in Affelil.  He was laughing  When he saw her standing in the doorway, he waved His calm expression was tinted wit the faintest hint of enthusiasm, and the pit in her stomach lessened.  Surely, if he was really cutting ties with her, he wouldnt look so serene.
	Austin, has Kai told you everything yet? he asked, and Austin froze at his words, You and I just need to sign some forms and well be done.
	Forms for what? Sage asked, brushing a speck of dirt off of Aidens shirt.  He elbowed her.
	Austin tried to move her mouth, to form words, but her body was a sculpture of ice.  Even if she had been able to move, what would she say?  She felt like she had just stepped into a different parallel universe, one where things were spinning out of her control. 
	Austin is a heavy concern in chaos matters.  It isnt wise for me to mentor such anunorthodox fledgling, Aiden shrugged, his green eyes looking at her apologetically.  His next words were directed at her, A storyteller is just fine as your mentor.  But we did have some good times, right?
	Right, she said before she made the decision to say anything.  She wanted to argue, to beg, but she didnt have the energy to.  A slow fire ran through her, already cooling.  If the Oh So Important General of Strongham was too busy for her, wellthats how it was, Right. I have to go.  See you later.
	See you later, Aiden said, an empty promise.  A hand hooked around her arms and she stared at her sneakers as the person took her away.  The sun felt cold on her face, even after they had made their way outside.
	Im sorry, Kai said, giving her arm a squeeze.  She didnt respond.
	She took a stack of hardcover books off the table at the front of the store and put them back, each book sliding into place and hitting the back of the bookshelf with a muffled thud.  The books were smooth and room temperature in her grasp, utterly unremarkable.
	Austin, Kai started.  She didnt listen to the rest.  She put away more books, running on autopilot.  After a few minutes, he walked away.
	She saw a pile of books on the ground, left by a careless customer, and put those away, too.  She dropped one, the heaviest of them all, and stared at it as hit the ground.  The loud crack it made did not make her jump, and the sight of its ripped spine did not bother her in the slightest.
	The book was probably fifty years older than her. Shouldnt that matter?
	She knelt to the ground and picked it up, staring at the words.  This was the book she had started to read to the children a few days ago, one about magic.  Aiden had watched the movie adaptations with her.
	One day to mope, she promised herself, but no more.  When she woke up tomorrow morning, she would readily accept the change.  She could do that.
	But not today.
	She put the book back on the shelf and, in a heavy daze, made her way to the kitchen. She would wipe down the counters and put away the books that she knew had accumulated there overnight.  She felt herself being pushed into a wooden chair, and suddenly a hot cup was in her hands.  Tea.
	She downed it and ignored the hands that tried to pass her another cup.  She slid the books off the table, leaving one that Kai hadnt finished reading, and left the kitchen to put them away. She repeated this process for hours, straightening and ordering the books to Kais system one that now came second nature to her- until she found herself sliding into a dreamless sleep.  She did not feel.
	She lay curled up on the couch, the red blanket thrown over her carefully.  The fire beside her glowed only at the bottom, where the last pieces of wood were slowly wasting away.  The dying fire did not provide enough warmth in the dark room.  The window was open and a breeze hit the curtains.  Austin shivered in her uneasy sleep.
	You really should lock the window when you sleep, Aiden chastised her, cradling her head in his calloused hands.  She woke up instantly and froze, What would happen if a chaos tried to steal you away?
	Why are you here? she asked, her voice shrill.  His hand moved so that it was covering her mouth.  She could barely breath, suffocating under Aidens pinned hand.
	I couldnt stay away, he answered.  When he was sure that she had calmed down, he removed his hand.
	You gave me up, she pointed out, feeling her heart ache as she said that.  This hadnt been a breakup.  It wasnt as good as that.   Aiden had dropped their friendship, just like that, and she wasnt going to forgive him, Get out.
	People were beginning to wonder about you.  As the General, I was supposed to train a qualified boy from a nice family.  You are the opposite of that.
	So that gives you an excuse? I thought we were friends, Aiden Fer.  Or Inferno.  Whatever your name is.
	I want to be more than friends.
	Thats not going to happen.
	He was quiet, tossing another log into the fire as he spoke, I know.
	So?
	As long as people know Im in contact with you, they will wonder.  And if they wonder, youll be found out.
	So this is you saying goodbye.
	This is me saying that I cant stay away from you, he smiled, Do you mind me sneaking into your house at night?
	Yes, I do mind.
	Youre being harsh.
	You could have let me know this before you abandoned me.
	I could have, but you were asleep, he said it like she was to blame for that face, Now, what happened?  Kai called me over when he found you last night after the bonfire, but I left before you woke up.
	Bonfire? she repeated. 
	You dont remember?
	I remember going on a walk.  I remember seeing a fountain, the marble fountains were forefront in her mind.  She remembered everything in detail, from the unlit candles to the dragons carved into the stone.
	Do you remember what we found?
	Amelia Earhart? she guessed, laughing. Aiden raised an eyebrow at her and her heart skipped a beat. 
	No way.  Had they really?
	Your necklace, Aiden chuckled and pulled lightly at something around Austins neck. She folded her hand over the thin chain, I dropped you off at a bonfire to make sure the area was secure.  You disappeared and the next thing we know, youre in Kais shop.
	So, not Amelia Earhart, her shoulders dropped.  
	She disappeared a long time ago, from both Affelil and Earth, Aiden sighed, but his voice was completely serious, She was killed by chaos.
	Of course, she laughed without any amusement.  Justof course.  She shouldnt have expected anything else, especially not by the chaos.
	The sun will be rising soon.  I need to be back in my tent before anyone notices, Aiden said.  He wrapped Austin in a warm, brief hug that promised his return before he slipped out the still open window.
	Austin waved, but by the time she completed the action, he was gone.  She dropped her hand and tried to ignore the chill that settled over her skin.
Chapter 22
	She couldnt sleep, so she brewed a cup of heavily caffeinated tea and went to work.  She put away the books she had catalogued, wiped down every surface in the kitchen, and put away her things in the corner of the reader room.  She made it so that it looked like a presentable shop, not the mix of home and business that it had been.
	It was rare that she woke before Kai, but the shop was empty and she didnt know what else to do. She had put away all the books yesterday.
	Taking a necessary break until she could ask him for work, she picked up one of the older books off the shelves.  It had been translated into English, but it was still a difficult read describing the procedure of a swordfight.  After reading a few lines, she snapped the covers shut and slid it back into its rightful place on the rare books shelf.
 What time is it? Kai asked as he came down the steps.  
	She looked at the intricate clock hanging on the wall, Its only eight.
	I overslept, he yawned, running a hand through his cow licked hair.  Austin was just glad that he slept well, since he usually stayed up so late. She put away the last book in her hands part of the pile that had once accumulated on top of the kitchen table- and smiled, You seembetter.
	He was genuinely concerned for her, probably hoping that she wouldnt revert to the state that she had been in yesterday.  She opened her mouth to spill everything, from Aiden coming in through her window to everything they had talked about.
	Then she remembered Aiden covering her mouth so that she wouldnt wake Kai.  He wanted to keep their friendship a secret.  She closed her mouth.
	She shrugged, I realized that it wont be too bad having you for a mentor.
	Well. Kai said, but worry was still evident in his pleased tone.  He took the dishrag from her and put his other hand on her arm.  Electricity, a familiar shock, ran through her skin as he used his power, Austin, how long did you sleep last night? Youre fatigued.
	One hour? Two? she rolled her eyes, You worry too much, Kai Davids.
	You give me reason to worry, he poured himself a cup of the tea she had brewed.  She watched as he smiled at the taste.
	She saw through his actions, knew that it still wasnt up to his standards, and chose not to comment on it,  What are we doing today?
	A tour of Strongham.  It is a mentors job to show his fledgling around, and I doubt anyone has done that with you yet, Kai set his cup down, tugging at Austins shirt, Is that warm enough?
	I have a jacket, she said, thinking that the tour sounded pretty boring.  What was there to see, really? She had become familiar with the stretch of streets from the training grounds to Kais shop and Aiden had taken her on that walk; she was sure that the rest of Affelil would look the same.
	Is it warm? Kai pressed.  She shrugged.  It wasnt really made for warmth, Ill take you to buy a new jacket, and then well tour the city.
	I dont need a new- she started, her voice heavy with complaint.  She didnt like shopping.  Demitri had been buying her coats for her for as long as she could remember.   
	Yes you do, and let me spoil you, he said, settling the issue, Its my first time having a fledgling to mentor.
	Youve never been a mentor? she raised an eyebrow.  Kais skin seemed to redden the longer she stared.
	My requests have never been approved, he mumbled.  Austin had the funny feeling that had been somehow linked to him being a storyteller, Until now.  So, jacket?
	Fine, she said, stopping the sigh that threatened to come out of her lips.  He was doing this for her, she knew, to prevent her from slipping into depression again.  She just wished that she could tell him that she was, and that there was no reason for her to be sad.  She was a little irritated at Aiden, sure, but only a little.
	He brought her to a small store only a few shops down and told her to pick out anything.  Apparently when one happens to be the most well known storyteller in the city, you make more than enough money.
	It helps to be controversial, he said with a smile that held a million secrets.  She rolled her eyes. Nothing he did disrupted the status quo, It makes people want to read the stories I write.
	Right, she said, grabbing a jacket off the rack.  She didnt like shopping for clothes, so she wanted to be out of here as quickly as possible.  The one she held in her hands now was made of wool and dark gray.  It was soft in her hands and when she put it on, it clung to her body like a second skin, This one.
	Youre sure? he asked.  He gestured to the racks of more colorful, printed jackets, and she shook her head.  Kai put down a few of the metal coins onto the counter near the front of the store and pointed at her, The sign says that those jackets are only thirty rihs.
	Rihs? She tried to say it, and it came out sounding like a cough.  She watched the sales associate give him his change and they went out again.  She braced herself for the cold and was surprised when it only stung against her face.  Maybe she had needed this jacket.
	Whats a rihs? she asked.
	Affelils currency, he explained, not surprised that she didnt know this, Theyre kind of like dollars.
	Oh, she nodded as she walked beside Kai.  The streets were alive with people, much like they always were.  She still found it strange that they all looked young; barely any looked older than their mid twenties.  She felt that there should be a few dragons older than a few centuries.
	Unless the chaos had killed them all, she realized.  The people around her were the survivors, the surviving generation.  This city might be old, but it was probably about the same age as its inhabitants.  The cobblestone streets were solid underfoot, the houses squished together in a very European fashion.  From a more experienced dragons point of view, this was rather new.
	Still, despite that, it did feel like she had stepped back in time.    Whether it was the lack of cars or the clean air, this place was clean of the pollution that tainted the human world.  This world, this city, had an ancient form of purity.
	Kai stopped her, pointing at a door hidden behind boxes of used books from the human world.  Though she didnt investigate thoroughly, she only saw familiar authors and titles. 
	This is a rival shop that Im fond of, but they only sell books from the human world, Kai said as he pushed open the door to the shop, lowering his voice to a whisper, They promote reading instore, so there are chairs and espresso machines in every corner.  Oh, shes new.
	Austin followed his gaze to see a slightly familiar girl, but she couldnt put a name to the face.  She was a fledgling and couldnt have been more than sixteen, which made Austin strangely uncomfortable.  This girl was new, like her, and she had been surrounded by old things for a long time.  The girls long brown hair was pulled into a bun and a green visor that matched her apron hung over her eyes.
	Austins mind flashed to a dark alley, filling with images of wide, panicked eyes.
	She shook off the random memories.  She must have caught sight of her own eyes that night Davey had assaulted her.  She didnt want to act traumatized in front of this girl, and especially not in front of Kai.
	Do I know you? she asked suddenly, and the girl looked up from where she was shelving science fiction books.
	She shook her head and said in a slight British accent, No, I just arrived here.  Todays my first day.
	Its my first week, Austin said, awkward now.  She looked like an idiot.  Of course she didnt know this random girl, Right, Kai?
	Tomorrow is the start of your second week, he said and looked at the girls nametag, Jess, could you keep an eye on Austin for me? I need to talk to your boss.
	Of course, the girl, Jess, smiled at Kai just a bit too affectionately.  Austin shot a dirty look at Kais back as he walked away.  She hardly believed that it was a mentors duty to help his fledgling make friends.  Besides, she had all the friends she needed. Jess spoke again, Do you like it here?
	I guess. I just had a mentor switch, so everything is a little confusing, she found herself saying, but stumbled over a few words.  Jess didnt seem to mind, so she continued, My mentor was the General of Strongham, and he was too busy for a fledgling.
	But now you have him, she pointed in the direction that Kai had gone, awe clear in her voice, You have the storyteller.  Thats an upgrade.
	Is it? she asked, considering it.  Aiden had a much higher status, but, with the girls smile so sure, Austin allowed herself to wonder.  She did enjoy helping out Kai more than she liked training with swords.  Kai had also taught her small things, like how to make tea.
	Jess tugged at her long sleeves, suddenly uncomfortable, I mean, thats what I think.  I dont want to leave you with the impression that Im pushy.
	Dont worry, Austin said, rushing to assure her that she wasnt at fault for anything, Im just pretty awkward, so if I seem weird, its just-
	Oh, not at all, Jess laughed, shaking her head, Youre pretty nice, actually.
	Thats a lie, Austin rolled her eyes, feeling her face warm at the praise.
	Jess shrugged, her mouth curving into a smaller, teasing smile, Maybe.  I dont know you well enough to decide if youre nice or not.
	I guess Ill have to come back here, then, Austin said, suddenly feeling confident.  Maybe it was her new jacket, or the necklace that protected her, So you have more time to decide.
	Or I could come by Kais shop on my day off, the girl smiled, I havent been there yet, so it would be cool.
	That would be cool.  You could rate my tea, Austin said hopefully, wanting an opinion besides Kais.
	Jess grimaced and gave her head a small shake, I like black coffee, and not much else.  Would it still be okay if I came over?
	It would still be okay, Austin nodded.  She saw Kai staring at them with a book in his hands, trying to watch unnoticed.  She noticed, I think I have to go.  See you later?
	See you later, Jess smiled and went back to shelving.  Her sleeves were much too long, Austin noticed.  If she hadnt pulled them up to her wrists, they would have hung a good three inches past her fingers.  Austin wondered what she was hiding: cuts or tattoos?  Hopefully tattoos.
	Kai smiled as they walked out of the store.  This time, she held open the door for him.
	You would never have done that in the human dimension, he pointed out, once again reminding her how much of a stalker he had been.
	I never would have done a lot of things in the human dimension, she looked up, where she could see the sun slipping down in the sky.  In an hour or two, it would sink behind the mountains, Where do we go next?
	Lets go get something to eat, Kai looked at his watch, Or we could go to the top of the wall.  We could do both.  Do you feel like walking?
	Her legs only slightly ached from her day of walking, and she didnt think Kai would be able to fix that, Sure.
	They ate hotdogs from a roadside stand, and Kai informed her that most met was imported from the human world.  They only hunted in the forests of Affelil and if someone did keep livestock, they only harvested resources that wouldnt hurt the animal in the process.  
Kai led the way through the city and crossed through a poorer section, where the houses were smaller but still standing.  She tried not to look at the children dressed in rags.  If she looked too hard, it might disrupt the glowing impression she had of Strongham.  He brought her to the edge of the wall and smiled, looking at the stairs that lead to the very top, And now we walk.
	And so they did.  They walked until her legs grew sore, and even then, they kept walking.  Austin tried very hard not to look down, instead keeping her eyes on the gray wall to her right. After ten minutes, what would have been a shorter travel time if she hadnt taken so many breaks, she reached the point where the path was flat underneath her feet, and she looked forward.
	She stood on the edge, her arms shaking as she clung to the thin rail.  She felt that if the wind blew too hard, she would fall off. She could see for miles, the view better than she had seen even on the empire state building.  Instead of miles of gray metal and electric lights, her eyes were filled with sparkling rivers and creeks, a sea of fallen leaves, and bold trees that stood out against the expanse of color.  She was lightheaded and dizzy, the wind pushing her against the stone wall.
	Remember this, Kai said from behind her, the wind carrying his voice in all directions.  She nodded, too exhilarated to respond, This is something that you have to remember, no matter what.
	Yeah, okay, she nodded, unable to tear her eyes away.
Chapter 23
	Aidens visit that night had been short.  Bags under his eyes revealed how hard he was working, but he still put on a smile.  He promised to be back the next night and gave her a quick hug before slipping out the window again.  The sun rose, rays of light, hitting her mentors back.  Austin jumped when someone rapped on the door.
	Jess waved through the glass, her pale lips stretched into a wide smile.  At Austins welcome, she walked in. Her boot creaked on the old wooden floors and she paused, taking the entire bookstore in at one glance. Austin watched her, strangely proud at the girls acceptance of the shop.
She walked around the long bookshelf and peered behind it, where she could see Kai closing another cardboard box, this one tied with twine.  He slid it onto the top shelf as soon as he saw her approach.
	Jess is here, she said, And since there arent any customers-
	Dont remind me, he grimaced. Business had been slow today, and she knew that made Kai nervous.
	She continued, I was wondering if I could take a break and brew some tea for her?
	Take breaks whenever you want, he waved her off, and Austin noticed a silver ring on his pinky finger.  She was almost positive that it hadnt been there before, Youve been surprisingly helpful, so it wont hurt anything for you to relax a bit.
	Thanks, she nodded, forgetting about the ring as she smiled, Ill make enough for you, too.
	Thank you, Austin, he pulled out a book from the shelf the one he had bought yesterday- and started to read, silently dismissing her.  She stomped down the stairs to see her friend, who was waiting in the newly cleaned kitchen.  
	Jess was just taking off her coat, draping it over the chair, when Austin came in.  She smiled, Hi.
	Hello, Austin plugged in the abandoned coffee maker, which had been sitting at the back of the counter, and started brewing a pot of coffee.  At the same time, she made some of Kais tea.  The strong scents of the two drinks filled the small kitchen, mixing together until neither girl could differentiate one from the other.
	This is different from where I work, Jess laughed quietly, stating the obvious, Its just so homey here.
	Maybe because it is a home, Austin shrugged, Kai and I live here full time.
	The kitchen, stocked with things that only she and Kai used, was proof of that.  The door was closed and a sign hung over it, prohibiting any customer from wandering in.  Once in awhile, Kai told her that one would open the door, looking for the bathroom.  That was also off limits to customers.
	Where do you sleep? Theres nowhere big enough for a room. Or a bed, she added.  Austin noticed that she had worn long sleeves again today.
	I sleep in the reading room, she shrugged and lunged forwards, hoping that she wasnt been too forward, and rolled up Jesss sleeves.  Tattoos swirled around her friends wrist.  They were familiar patterns, but comforting all the same.  Jess didnt harm herself, Sorry.  I just had to make sure.
	Make sure of what? Jess asked, her framed eyes wide open.
	Calm down, Austin sat back down, placing her hands in front of her in a nonthreatening position, Im not going to judge you for having tattoos.
	Even so, I think I should go, Jess said, and Austins heart plummeted.  Before she could get the wrong impression, Jess replied, See you later.
	It was only when Jess shut the door to the shop and started running down the street that Austin remembered where she had seen those tattoos before.
	On Dustin.  The chaos energy manifested itself in different ways; very rarely it showed in a persons eyes, turning them purple, but most of the time it was marked by tattoos.  Swirls, words, and symbols collided together in a mix on random parts of chaos skin.
	Kai, she ran up the stairs, her eyes as wide as Jesss had been. Her friend had been so scared when Austin saw the tattoos, and now she knew why.
	Yes? he looked up from the stack of papers her was stapling together.
	She opened her mouth to speak, but the words she had been prepared to say escaped her.  How could she do it?  How could she sentence someone to torture and death?
	Nothing, she swallowed, Its nothing.
Chapter 24
	Austin woke up to see Kais face, not Aidens, staring at her intently, Remember when Derrick found me at the caf to apologize for our fight?
	She nodded.  She had somehow forgotten about that little scene, and she instantly felt like a bad best friend.  Best friend?  Was that what they were?  Aiden had always been the one person closest to her, until they came to Affelil.  Now that she was hanging out with Kai all day, bonding with every second spentwell, she didnt know what Aiden was because he certainly wasnt her closest friend, Yeah?
	He told me then that I needed to decide exactly what I want and to tell him when I figured it out, he said, rushing in his excitement.  His eyes were wide and bluer than usualshe had to wonder if dragon eyes did change depending on mood, And Ive figured it out.
	What do you want, then? she asked.  She sat up in the chair.  His excitement was contagious, but she frankly didnt care.
	Him, Kai laughed out a sound of liberation, I want him, and not even sexually.  I want to drink coffee with him on our breaks.  I want to talk to him.  I want the little things, Austin.
	Tell him, Austin ordered.  Her lips curled into a smile as Kai pulled her to her feet.  He threw her jacket at her.
	Hes at work, he argued feebly, even though they were both already halfway out the door.  It was colder today, much colder.
	Outside the wall? she asked.  It was a little after three, so maybe he was with Aiden.
	In his office. Its just Kai sighed. Austin shook her head and smiled.  She never thought that Kai could get so flustered, even about Derrick.
	Ill come with you.
	He flipped the OPEN sign to CLOSED and locked the door.  Austin still had her key, which had been long since transferred into her new pocket. They walked through the streets at a brisk pace and the crowd parted just a few inches out from them to let them through.  It was less respect than they gave Aiden, but it was respect all the same.
	They entered what looked like a police station a few streets down.  Once Austin was surrounded by pale gray walls and thin carpet, she stopped talking. 
	Derrick has his own office since he works for Brandon, Kai said, pride evident in his voice.  He leaned over a counter, Hey Suze, is he in today?
	Derrick? Actually, he just went out for a lunch break, the girl said, her eyes dragging to Austin, Is this your fledgling?
	She is Aidens, actually, but Ive been borrowing her, Kai shrugged, gesturing towards a closed door, Mind if we wait in Derricks office?
	Of course not, she smiled, still looking at Austin. She was jealous, Austin realized.  Maybe Kai wasnt completely out of the closet yet.
	She and Kai walked into the closed off room and she, always curious, looked around.  The walls were a light gray and a plain clock ticked away high on the wall. A black metal desk sat in the end of the unfurnished room.
	Austins eyes wandered the room, but the only interesting place to look was at Derricks metal desk.  Paper lay scattered around it, some paper clipped and some spilling out of a folder marked Austin ~.
	It was a report about her, the first page containing the most basic information there was.  First name Austin, last name Anderson.  Raised on Earth.  Mentored by Aiden Kai. Fire dragon blood ran from her mothers side, and human blood from her fathers.  A box marked Halfling was checked.
	Derrick knows, she said, looking at Kai, Kai, look.
	Kai looked at her, taking in her strangled voice and pale face, before ripping the paper from her grasp. His eyes flipped from left to right as he read the first few lines.
	He looked back up.
	Lets go, Kai nearly pushed her out of the office.  They walked out of the building in silence, but once they were out on the street, he said, I swear, I didnt tell him.
	You knew? Austin asked, heading towards his shop.  Kai took the lead.
	Its my job to know everything about you, Kai said.  He pushed open the unlocked door  and slammed it shut behind her. 
	Kai? she called his name once he had disappeared into the reading room, What are you doing?
	You have to disappear, Kai told her. He dropped Austins backpack at her feet and started to unload everything else he held.
	Take your coat, Kai tossed it at her, Itll be cold.  And heres your pay for working overtime. And here.
	He tossed something else at her. It was a battered cardboard box. She turned it over in her hands, her fingers trailing along the twine that kept it shut, Whats inside?
	Youll find out later, he stepped forwards and pulled her in, initiating a hug for the first time.  She wrapped her arms around him and squeezed.  The hard truth was just settling in.  This was a goodbye, And Austin?
	Yeah? She didnt want to look at him. If she looked at him and he was even the slightest bit upset, she wouldnt be able to keep it together long enough to get out.
	She turned her head to see him.  His glasses were perched right where they should be and aligned perfectly, like they always were.
	Run.  Youre going to find a way outside the wall, and then youre just going to keep running. There are tons of abandoned cabins around here, but the only safe ones are hours away.  So you just keep running, okay? he leaned away to gauge her reaction, but his hands never left her shoulders.  His hands ghosted along the edges of her sleeves to try and keep her calm, Youre going to be okay.
	You sound like youve done this before, she said. Her eyes flickered to the window.  No one was coming to kill her yet, but who knows how much time she has left?
	Nows not the time for that story, he said, pushing her towards the door.  She shoved his cardboard box into her backpack and caught her hand on the doorframe, Kai?
	Run, he told her.  She swallowed and nodded, turning away.  Before she was out of earshot, she heard him curse, Damn.  I hate Tuesdays.
Chapter 25
Austin found Gary at the wall, much like when they had first met, Gary.
What do you want? he glared at her.  She wasnt impressed.
I have to go outside the wall, she said, almost pleading, I have to see Aiden right away.  The first day we met, you told me that you could take the wall down.
I lied, he shrugged his narrow shoulders, much like she would.  They did the same small things, all learned from Demitri. She wished that she could visit him before she left, but she was scared.  She didnt think she had enough time to do that.
Youre finally curious about what he does on the outside of the wall? Sage asked, appearing out of nowhere.  Austin nodded mutely, prepared to go along with any excuse she was given, Well, go ahead.
Sage rapped on the edge of the wall and a small section, only wide enough for her to fit through sideways, sunk into the ground. She looked back, giving Gary a wave and Sage a smile, before running into the forest. Cobblestone turned to uneven grass under her feet and she struggled to keep her balance.
She was lucky today.  She heard his voice wafting through the trees, growing clearer with every step she took North.  She hadnt yet crossed the river that circle Strongham, so she guessed that she hadnt travelled long.  
A laugh, Aidens laugh, shot through the quiet forest like a bullet.  It was followed by something that sounded like a stick snapping, and Austin stopped in her tracks.  Aiden wasnt alone here.
She hid behind a thick tree, listening.  If he was with Derrick, there was no way that she would be able to speak with her best friend.
	Arent you tired of this? Aidens voice made her stiffen, Dont you want it to end?
	A wet, painful sound. A gasp.
	Well, I wouldnt be against you letting me go, a familiar voice, but one that Austin could not place, said.  Austin put two and two together.  This was the chaos that Aiden had caught.
	Ill let you go.  But only if you tell me what you know, Aiden hissed.  Another hit.  Another gasp.
	We both know, the familiar chaos said again, That Im not getting out of here alive, no matter what you or I say or do.
	Smart, Aiden dropped something to the ground, Maybe youll change your mind after lunch.  Are you hungry?
	A cup of coffee would be excellent, the chaos said.  Austins lips curled into an involuntary smile.
	Would it now? Aiden said in a way that made it clear.  He wouldnt be bringing back any cups of coffee.  Austin heard him walk away, the crunching noise of his footsteps becoming increasingly quieter.
	She didnt need to look.
	She did not need to go into that clearing and see who that chaos was.  What she needed to do was run after Aiden and tell him goodbye, tell him that she was leaving.
	Her hair fell out of place as she peeked her head around the tree.  At first, she only saw the yellowing grass and fallen leaves.  Her eyes swept through the small field, finally settling on the man in the center.  He was facing away from her, so she could see that his arms and legs were tied behind his back.  A coat was tossed haphazardly beside him, and she guessed that it was his.  His shirt, dirtied to the point that she couldnt tell what color it once was, was stained red in several places. A familiar, tattered bracelet hung from his bony wrist.
	Austin, the chaos said her name, and she hid behind the tree once more, I didnt think Id see you again.
	Again? she couldnt help but ask.  She kept her eyes on an oak tree in front of her, not looking at the chaos, but she took a step closer, wincing as the leaves crushed under her.  She took another step, and another.  Soon, she stood directly in front of him.
	I thought youd have remembered me, he said, Maybe that was just me hoping. You were my best student, after all.
	Her head snapped up and she locked eyes with the chaos. His hair was messy and his gaunt face had a deep cut running along his cheek.  He was a joke of the dignified, taken care of man that she used to look forward to seeing every day.
	Mr. Smith?
	
Chapter 26
So you do remember, he smiled.  Austin waited for him to clap his hands together, like he always did when he was pleased, but she remembered that his arms were both restrained, So, are you going to do now?
	What? she asked.  She hadnt thought that far. Mr. Smith was here.  He was a dragon.
	He was a chaos.
	I would have thought that you were looking for Aiden, but you remained hidden while he was here, so that cant be it.  Still, you could finish the job.  Hes realized that Im not going to be of any use to him, he said in that always calm voice of his, So today, as soon as he comes back from his lunch, he is going to kill me. You could do it for him.
	Im not going to kill you, she said, her voice dry.
	Why not? Im a chaos dragon, after all.  You despise us, he talked as if he knew, as if he had listened in on her conversations with Kai and Aiden. Maybe he was just guessing.
	Im not going to kill you, Austin said again. She was at a loss for another option, What else can I do?
	Mr. Smith stared at her, his smile still serene.  He knew what she would do, and slowly, she started to know, too. She couldnt stay at Strongham.  That wasnt an option, no matter what she did.  She had to leave.
	Would she leave him here to die? Would she go back on her words and do it herself?
	She looked around her and saw what Aiden had dropped.  It was his knife, the one carved with a beautiful pattern. She took it in her hands, feeling the weight of it and the worn handle. 
She bit the inside of her cheek and brought the knife down, sawing through the brittle material it found.
	The ropes fell open and Mr. Smith rubbed at the raw skin on his wrists.  She handed him the knife and looked away as he freed his legs.
	Thank you, he said. She shrugged and tried to force down the warm feeling she got with her teachers praise, Am I right in thinking that well leave together? Or are you staying?
	They found out, she said, her voice blank, That Im a Halfling.
	Oh, he said.  Clearly, this wasnt news to him, Thats a shame.  You were getting along well with the storyteller, were you not?
	What? she asked, her eyes wide.  How did he know all these things?
	Its no more of a coincidence that I was your teacher than it was that Kai, Aiden, and Chelsea were your classmates, he slid on his jacket and winced as he tore open some wound in his side, It was my job to watch over you.
	I dont need a chaos watching over me, she couldnt bring herself to look him in the eyes, so she settled for staring at the tear on his jacket.
	Then I suppose well go our separate ways, Mr. Smith turned and started to walk.  She took a step after him.
	Wait, she said, and mumbled, Sorry.
	Apology accepted.  Its okay to be confused, he said, Now, shall we?
	She stumbled after him into the midday forest, trying not to think about what was happening.  The thoughts came anyway.
	She was running away from her family, a family that accepted her, because of a society that didnt.  More than that, she was running away with a chaos.  But that wasnt quite right, because Mr. Smith wasnt like the chaos that she was used to hearing about. She couldnt picture him killing anyone, and she doubted that he ever had.  He moved through the forest like a ghost, but he wasnt one.  He was solid, and he was just like any other dragon that she had met.  
	What kind of dragon are you? she broke the silence that was beginning to settle.
	Chaos, he answered immediately, expecting the question.	
	I mean, what kind of dragon were you before? she clarified. 
	There was no before, he slowed so that they were walking side by side.  He smiled, Austin, I am a descendant of K herself.  She had many kids with the chaos males she turned. Chaos was dominant in all of her children.
	How old are you? she asked.  She didnt want to think that he was a pure chaos.  She wanted to know that there was some scrap of decent blood in him.
	How old are you? he asked. He paused before deciding to give her an answer, Im old, very old.
	You only look thirty five-ish, she pointed out.  Faded leaves crushed under her feet.
	The purer ones blood is, the less their body ages.  The originals did not age at all once they hit maturity, or so the story goes, he informed her.  She found herself nodding, like she would do during one of his lectures, And its okay to be sad as well as confused.
	Im not sad, she said. She said nothing about being confused.
	Youre leaving everyone youve ever known, including your storyteller, Mr. Smith said, You and him looked like good friends.  If youre not sad, somethings wrong with you.
	The words burst out of her mouth, I barely got to say goodbye to him.
	Friendships like that never end, he assured her, sounding like he was speaking from experience, Youll see each other again.
	Do you promise? she asked.  She was putting her trust in a chaos, a crazy thing to do.
	I promise.
Chapter 27
	Austin stomped after Mr. Smith as he led her through the ever darkening forest.  The cold was seeping throat her coat and she had twisted her ankle a hundred or so paces ago, but her mind was too busy for her to become fully aware of those facts.
	A memory of an afternoon not too long ago was playing on a loop in her mind, each time becoming more defined.
	Austin, Mr. Smiths voice was stern, but worried, This needs to stop.
	Dont tell anyone, she pleaded, already knowing that he would.  She sprayed and wiped at the table, trying to erase the message written in Sharpie.
	Austin Anders is a sl~~.
	She had managed to clean off part of the last word, but the meaning was still clear.  Some catty girls had taken a liking to Aiden, and they didnt like the fact that he was always hanging around her.
	It would be best if people resolved their differences face to face, Mr. Smith said, longing clear in his tone.
	Sword fights should be the norm instead of counseling, she agreed, surprising herself.  Where had that idea come from?
	If only people actually did that, he chuckled, taking the chemical soaked towel from her, Okay, lets compromise.  I wont tell your guidance counselor or your uncle, but I will tell my nephew.
	You have a nephew? she asked. She knew as much about him as the other students did, which meant to say that she knew next to nothing.
	Adoptive nephew.  Hes more like a son, actually, Mr. Smith smiled, straightening the ends of his tweed jacket, Hes transferring to this school in November, and Id think you two would be great friends.
	He was trying to make friends for her, which was irritating.  Even so You wont tell my uncle?
	No, her teacher promised, rubbing at the graffiti.  Under his care, it started to blur.
	Then fine, she shrugged, Tell your nephew whatever you want.
	Ill be sure to do just that.  Now go home.  Your uncle must be worried.  Ill take care of this.
	The next morning when she came to school, she barely remembered the deal they had made, and her desk was spotless.  There was no reason to remember that afternoon, until now.
	Dustin.
	You and Dustin are related? she asked, breaking the silence that had begun to settle.  Mr. Smith sighed, like he had known this topic would come up.  He never doubted her ability to remember.
	I was the one who turned him into a chaos, he did not face her, In a world where our only options are turn or kill, I often choose to turn them.
	There were many things that they did not do that day.  Mr. Smith did not bring up Strongham again.  She did not trust him.  She also did not bring up the fact that while he chose to ruin lives, his son chose to end them. 
	The sun slipped over the edge of the nearby mountains and Mr. Smith stopped her, Well rest for few minutes.  I have to fix these cuts or Ill bleed out before we reach our destination.
	Austin tossed him a pack of bandages from her backpack, ones that Kai had given her, and her teacher leaned against a thick tree while he sterilized and wrapped the worst of his wounds.  
While she waited, she pulled on the strings that held Kais cardboard box closed.  It opened easily and she unfolded the tabs.  An envelope half covered the heavier things that she had heard moving around, and she ripped it open, wanting to see what it held. 
	The letter that rested on top, written on heavy paper in Kais delicate script, wasnt a surprise.
Austin, 
When I was assigned as one of your guardians, I knew that your story would be great.  Never in my lifetime has a fledgling been assigned four guardians, much less having one of them by the General of Strongham.  Though I was made to watch over you from afar, I enjoyed it tremendously.  I missed many of your firsts, only having been assigned on your ninth birthday, but the things I saw made the world fill with words, words all connected to you.  Creative.  Empathetic. Daring.
But never loyal.  I never knew if that was a fault or strength, or maybe a bit of both.
Still, it never dawned on me that once we brought you to Affelil, to Strongham, that we would be close.  I had been under the impression that we would part ways after a possible meeting, however brief it was.  I had to check on you when I heard you would be arriving in the midst of the festival, and you were safe.
Even now, with you sleeping mere feet away as I type, I can scarcely believe that you made it.  Words can barely describe how grateful I am for that fact.
But, the inevitable has comeyour departure.  Whether it was because of the chaos or your status as a Halfling, I dont know, but I knew this day would come.  It always does.
Ive enclosed what I can: books, a box of my favorite tea, a filled journal, an empty journal, and three pens.  In all your days surrounded by the books in my shop, perhaps youve come to love words as I do, and perhaps you will find those items of use.
I hope you dont mind, but I started the one journal for you, with a single word and its definition
Do not treat this as a goodbye, though it may be.  If you are alive and I am alive, our paths are sure to cross again. If I am dead, well, it was a pleasure to have known you.  Thank you for being daring, for opening up a life lost to me, and for accepting me.
You were the best friend I have had in a long, long time. If I am still alive by the time you read this (and I apologize if I am not), there is nothing that could ever convince me to give our friendship up.  I will fight to see you again, and I do not doubt that you will do the same.
	Until our paths do cross, I trust that you will make your story great.
Signed,
Kai Davis
Storyteller
	She bit her lip and folded the heavy paper carefully, tucking it into her jeans pocket.  It was very Kai of him to write out his goodbye.  She shook her head and opened the moleskin journal under the letter, which was blank except for a small, handwritten note at the top.
Hiraeth, it read, a homesickness for a home to which you cannot return, a home which maybe never was; the nostalgia, the yearning, and the grief for the lost place of your past.
	Well, that was uplifting.  She wanted something inspirational, not something to make her cry.  She felt something wet roll down her cheeks, proving her point to no one but herself.  She tucked one of the pens, an official looking model, into her jacket pocket and stuffed the rest into her bag once again.  If the filled journal was anything like the almost-blank one had been, it would make her want to curl up into a ball and sleep.  Sleep was not what she needed right now.
	She needed to keep moving.
Chapter 28
	Where are we going? she asked, fiddling with her necklaces chain.  It was dirty and looked like it was about to snap, but the dragon charm still looked polished, the milky orb in its claws still spotless, Or do I not want to know?
	Its always better to know things, Mr. Smith said, a lesson hed repeated many times in class, Its just up to you to decide what to do with the information.
	Then Id like to know, Austin said, still just half a step behind him.  He didnt feel like a chaos in the daytime.  Surrounded by light, looking old as the trees around them, he looked just like an earth dragon. Earth dragons always looked so steady.
	Were going to Dustins cabin, he said, and Austin suddenly felt very, very human.  If fear was human and temper was fire dragon, she was unmistakably human, Its not far, but its far enough.
	In the mountains? her eyes flickered to the tops of the mountains that were approaching much too fast.
	Just over the top, he nodded, Not many have enough time to go backpacking for a few days, so he doesnt have to worry about people finding him.  Its a safe haven for our kind.
	Right.

Chapter 29
	She almost hid herself behind Mr. Smith, staring reproachfully at an overgrown maple tree, bare of all its leaves.  Winter was coming and she felt cold, almost numb. The sun was sinking, bringing the temperature down with it. Mr. Smith knocked on the door of the cabin, and they waited.
	The door swung open not moments later, and she looked up, meeting Dustins bright blue eyes.  They stared, neither daring to speak a word. She felt Mr. Smith shift as he prepared to shake Dustins hand.
	Its nice to-" he began, stopping only when the door slammed shut. Austin and Mr. Smith looked at each other. Austin wondered if this was such a great idea, but she didnt express her doubts.  Her expression said enough.
	Sorry, Dustin yanked the door open again, standing aside so that the two refugees could enter, I didnt expect you to bring her.
	We didnt have a choice, Mr. Smith said, no malice evident in his voice, Austin got herself discovered.
	Already? Dustin asked.  They followed him through the corridors, but Austin lagged behind.  Mr. Smith had captured Dustins attentions and neither noticed when she stopped, staring at a picture on the wall.  She stared.
	The picture was of Dustin.  He looked almost exactly the same as he did now, except his skin was a little paler and his hair was a natural dark brown.  Beside him stood a toddler with bright red hair and a full smile.
	Austin touched it gingerly, smudging the smooth glass as she traced the childs face. That was her, she knew.  She was looking at herself.  Still, she couldnt bring herself to feel anything.  The child she had once been died the moment that her memories erased.  She might as well have been looking at a stranger.
	Aussy, Dustin laid a hand on her shoulder, and she stiffened.  His hand was hot against her cold flesh, and it brought memories to the front of her mind.  At once, she could feel her arms wrapped around his waist as they rode through the streets of New York on his motorcycle. The greasy scent of cheeseburgers, seasoned with hot sauce, filled her nose.  Her heart thudded painfully in her chest.
	She could see Chelsea falling to the ground, the gun clattering to the ground beside her.
	Dont touch me, she flinched away from him, stumbling into the wall.  He reached a hand out to steady her, but he never made contact.  He listened to her, Youre being really helpful for letting us stay here for the night, but please. If you touched me
	She would break into little pieces, like a doll. She didnt like being fragile, but right now, she was.
	He looked away, Ill get you something to drink. Is apple cider fine?
	Yeah, she mumbled, accepting his help as long as he didnt touch her. She followed him into what looked like a living room, where Mr. Smith was sitting on a sofa.  Austin sat on the other edge, taking the blanket that was tossed at her. She clutched it in her hands, trying to blink away the tears that were threatening to spill over.
	She would not cry.
	What day is it? she asked, her voice hoarse.  Dustin was no longer in the room, so Mr. Smith answered.
	Wednesday, he answered, Was there any reason why you wanted to know?
	Today was Chelseas funeral, her laugh sounded more like a sob, And instead of being there, Im hanging out with her murderer.
	He was quiet for a long time, staring at the deep creases of his hands, Im not going to tell you to forgive him.
	Then dont, she said, not wanting to hear anything else.  She was fine with not forgiving him for what he did.
	But, he said calmly, carrying on, Our bodies barely age, Austin. We each have the capability to live near forever, and forever is a long time to hate someone.
	Austin was saved from answering because, at that exact moment, Dustin came into the room. The shadows stretched across the room, gathering in corners and darkened until she could barely see the room around her.
Dustin placed a steaming mug on the table and she picked it up, taking a sip. Apple cider.
	AussyI mean, Austin, Dustin sat down on the seat across from them, I, we, thought that maybe youd like to know about your life when I was your guardian, before Aiden found us.
	No, she stopped him, lowering her coffee cup.  She stared at him readily, meeting the eyes that haunted her dreams for weeks, Ive made up my mind on a lot of things.  Ive decided that storytellers are great and that chaos dragons like Mr. Smith arent bad, but ones like you are.  I dont need to know anything that you have to tell me.
	Austin, Mr. Smith begun, disapproving.  She knew that she was supposed to readily accept new information, but she couldnt.  She couldnt listen to Dustin talk about how happy the two of them were, before he turned into a homicidal maniac.
	Maybe Im being immature, she cut him off, her voice rising, Maybe Im acting like a child, but Im telling you that I dont want to know.
	Its fine, Dustin said, But its getting late.  Austin should get some sleep.
	Thats not for you to decide, she said, but her heavy eyelids betrayed her.  Mr. Smith nodded at Dustin, who pulled her up, making sure not to let his skin touch hers.  She could still feel the warmth of him through her clothes, and she pushed him away.  Still, she followed him until the came to a plain wooden door.  He stood to the side and hesitantly, she pushed the door open.
	Ive barely changed it since you Dustins voice faded as she shut the door behind her, locking it.  He probably had a key to open it from the outside, but that didnt matter to her.  The locked door made her feel safer.  She allowed herself to look around.
	It didnt look like a childs room.  The walls were a dark blue and the floors were just a continuation of the same dark wood that ran through the rest of the cabin. She ran her fingers along the designs sketched in silver paint. Words in clumsy prints mixed in with delicate swirls, which took up all the space until they reached the ceiling.  She reached a hardwood desk and opened a drawer, where she found stacks upon stacks of stories and drawing.  She held one up to the dying light that came through the window and read.
	It was a journal entry, signed with an A at the bottom.  It described, in detail, a trip to a busy city full of cars and smoke. It looked like Dustin had taken her on field trips in the human world.
	She dropped it, letting it float to the ground.  She investigated the bookshelves and found everything from a printed copy of the Origin story to crime novels.  She picked up a book, one that she remembered telling Dustin about when he enrolled in her high school, and threw it against the wall. It made a satisfying thump and hit the floor, bending and destroying the new pages.
	She ignored the sounds of concern outside her door and sat down on top of the dark blue comforter, leaning against the headboard.  She threw her jacket to the ground and spread the thin blanket, one that she had taken from the dining room, over her crossed legs.  She stared at the door for a long time, daring Dustin to unlock the door and come inside. 
	She did not notice when her eyes slid shut.

Chapter 30
The next morning, she unlocked the door and walked to the kitchen, her clothes wrinkled and her hair a mess.  She found the two of them chatting over their cups of steaming coffee.
	When do we leave? she asked, ignoring Dustin completely.  Mr. Smith was different today.  Sturdy.  His jacket hung off the chair beside him, clean and patched up.  A white shirt hung off his starved frame, but this one was clean and without any tears. He was almost back to normal.
	Four days, he didnt check for a reaction, This forest is swarming with Capital dragons right now.
	Why? she asked. There was no way that the search parties could have caught up with them that fast.  Its only been a day and they had barely stopped moving on the way here.
	A funeral, his coffee cup made a loud clack when he sat it down against the dark counter, Apparently, Chelseas funeral was meant to be in The Cove.
	The Cove? she tilted her head.  It sounded like a tourist spot.  Images of boardwalks and tacky shops filled her mind.
	A city near the beach.  Theres no way to get there but by walking, he pulled at his red tie, loosening it, But Chelseas funeral was yesterday.
	They started walking yesterday.  They have, Id say, two days more to go until they reach their destination, Dustin smiled around the edge of his cup, much like Kai used to do.  She bit her lip and tried not to think about Kai.
	So its two days there, she said, drawing out the words.  A guess, barely more than a groundless idea, was beginning to take root in her mind.
	Yes, Mr. Smith said.
	And two days back, she continued.  She breathed unsteadily as she let herself hope.
	He nodded again and leaned against the counter, apathetic as always, Yes.
	And we leave in four days, she smiled.  If she were wrong, Mr. Smith would have already told her.  He wouldnt let her get her hopes up if she were only to crash and fall.
	Correct again.
	Dustin broke in, Im taking you. Theyre all looking for him, so hes likely to get the both of you caught.
	She blinked, but didnt acknowledge the chaos boy.  Instead, she swallowed and continued to look at Mr. Smith, the only acceptable chaos she had ever met, But what if they find the cabin?  Youre not exactly up to fighting condition.
	Theyre not straying from the path, Dustin said
	Im not going with him, she crossed her arms over her wrinkled shirt, glaring at Dustin.  He shrugged her stare off.
	Then youre not going, Mr. Smith sipped calmly from his cup of tea, waiting for her to decide what to do.  Either way, he would stay home, so it didnt concern him.
	Austin frowned, trying to fight the logic.  She didnt trust Dustin, that was a given, but she wanted---no, she needed, to be at Chelseas funeral.  She needed to see her lab partner through to the end, I wont like it.
	No one is asking you to, he smiled.  Austin could tell that, this whole time, he had known what she would decide.  She felt cheated, but she knew that wasnt fair.  He had just been apathetic.
	Good.
	Dustin tossed her backpack through the air and she caught it clumsily, her hand hooking around one of the straps.  He slid his arms through his own, Lets get on with it, then.
Right, she looked at Mr. Smith with wide eyes.  She would have liked to have a few minutes to prepare and complain about going with Dustin.  Mr. Smith gave her a nod of encouragement as she was ushered out the door.  Dustin put a hat on her head just as the cold wind hit her cheek, and the door shut with a satisfying crack, I dont like this.
	Then think of this as me kidnapping you.  Again, he shrugged pointing in the opposite direction of the sun, Want to lead the way, Aussy?
	My name is Austin, not Aussy, she started walking and Dustin kept pace, staying right beside her.  She put a few feet distance between them, Whyd you do it?
	Do what? he asked, staring at her.  He was fascinated, intrigued.  Curious.  Every time she talked, he was curious.
	Kidnap me, she said, And kill my parents.
	She didnt hate him for killing her parents.  They were strangers to her, but maybe that made it worse.  She hated him for taking that experience away from her.  She wanted to have a mom and dad, to wake up to a family.
	I didnt kill your parents, he shook his head, which confused Austin.  As far as she knew, he hadnt lied to her yet. Why would he start now? As for the kidnappingI felt like it. Is there any reason why I shouldnt have?  There was nowhere left for you to go.
Chapter 31
	They walked in near silence as they trailed a mile behind the funeral procession.  Every so often, Austin would be daring and go up close, so close that she could hear their voices.  Sages voice was loudest of all, guiding them through the mountainous terrain.  An older couple at least, they sounded like a couple- would talk about Chelsea and what she had been like; they were probably her parents.  Kais voice was softest of them all, and he only spoke sparingly.
	Too close, Dustin hissed.  He grabbed her and yanked her back so that they were both hidden behind a pine tree, just as Sage turned in their direction, Shes not someone that you can easily sneak up on.
	Sounds like you know her pretty well, she whispered, shoving him away.  Dustin shrugged in reply, Or do you do just do research on people youre likely to kill?
	I grew up in Strongham, Aussy, he said, almost irritated.  She let the nickname slide this time, surprised by his shortness.  He was always such a suck up, I knew them.
	Right, they waited, standing too close, as the funeral procession lumbered on.  Strange enough, when Austin took one last look at them through the branches, she didnt see a body.  She made a move to follow them, but stopped when Dustin didnt move.
	Here, he threw something covered in plastic at her and she caught it out of the air.
	She unwrapped it and stared at the sandwich, made of white bread, turkey, and not much else, Its not lunch yet.
	Yeah it is, Dustin said, taking his own out, And even if it wasnt, isnt it an American tradition to stuff your face all day?
	What day is it? she asked.  Dustin unwrapped his sandwich and stared at it.
	Thanksgiving, he answered.  He smiled.
	It was already Thanksgiving?  Demitri and she had always participated in human holidays, especially the ones involving food, and the later holidays were always her favorites.  She bit her lip, deciding.
	Give me yours, she said, and they switched.  She didnt trust Dustin enough to believe that they werent poisoned.
	Smith made them, Dustin informed her, taking a bite.  Some lettuce fell out, but he didnt seem to care.  He dug a metal container out of his backpack and unscrewed the cap, taking a sip once he sat on the ground.  Austin crouched beside him, watching carefully, and he noticed, Want some?  Its cranberry juice.
	She nodded, taking the cold containing from him.  She took a big gulp, trusting that he hadnt poisoned himself when he had taken a drink not ten seconds ago, and handed it back, I like Thanksgiving.
	Do you? he asked.
	Did you already know that?  I know that Ive been stalked by a few people, so it wouldnt be that surprising if you did, too, she shrugged.  Dustin shook his head.
	I had Mr. Smith watch over you for awhile, until he was absolutely sure that you were you, he shrugged, For all we knew, you could have been bait to get me out of hiding. Which you still might have been.
	What gave me away? she asked.
	Small things, Dustin said, making it clear that he wouldnt tell herat least not right now.  She looked at the ground and, for the rest of the day, tried to figure out was she was grateful for.  The only thing that popped into her mind was such aa Kai thing to think.  She was grateful for tea.
	And her jacket.
	And words.  She liked words.  Words were nice.  She was glad that words existed.  That counted, right?
	Theyve set up camp, Dustin caught hold of the back of her jacket and she swallowed as the neckline choked her, Unless we want to get ahead of them, we should, too.
	He handed her a few hot pockets.
	Would a campfire really be all that noticeable?
	Yeah, kind of, he nodded, leaning against his backpack, Goodnight, Austin.
	Night, she said, before she could stop herself.  His eyes slammed shut and he started to snore, and she did the same.  They overslept, since no one stayed awake to keep watch to see when the other group would leave, but that was okay.  They hurried through the bramble, forgetting to be cautious, and made it to the Cove in almost no time.  Austin and he joined into the crowd at the main entrance and blended in, looking like nothing but the average tourist in Affelil.
	They walked under a tacky sign made of wood that said, in vlarge words: THE COVE and TOURISTS WELCOME.  They were immediately surrounded by people in jackets and some fire purebloods who, since they couldnt feel the cold, were walking around in summery clothes and bathing suits.  Dustin brought her into a tourist shop and bought a postcard and brochure, handing the latter to Austin.  She stuffed it into her coat pocket and they walked outside.
	Wait, Dustin put her hair into a tight ponytail and put up her hood so that only her bangs were visible, Your hair is too noticeable.
	Lots of fire dragons have red hair, she pointed out, her voice tight.  He was too close, and she was frozen.  If he moved, she was afraid that she would lean into his hand.  The realness of that possibility was all too real.
	Not as bright as yours, Aussy, he chuckled.  She lurched away from his touch, which had been unnecessarily lingering on her neck. He paused, And Im sorry.
	For kidnapping me? she hated that nickname, but not as much as she hated him, Apology not accepted.
	His next words wrapped around her, making her flare hot and cold all at once, For killing your friend.
	She wasnt my friend, she whirled around, her voice icy and her glare burning hot, She was my lab partner.
	Then why are you upset? Dustin blew his dark hair out of his eyes.  She grit her teeth and stomped towards him.  She pushed him against the brick wall of the souvenir shop and held her arm to his throat, trapping him.  He didnt offer any resistance, even though they both knew that he was stronger.
	Because you killed her right in front of me, she said in a harsh whisper, You killed her like it was nothing.  Did you even know her name?
	He stared at her, his eyes so clear that she had to fight the urge to look away, Her name was Chelsea Vern.  She was only five years older than me, so she would be thirty seven.  She had a giant crush on Kai and loved human chick flicks.  On her vacations, she would always find her favorite fountain, the one outside Kais shop, and sit on the edge, watching the people around her.  She took care of me.  She would always tell me to wait in Kais shop, and when she came to get me, she would take me to the human world.  We would get ice cream.
	Then why did you kill her? she asked, her throat closing up.  She looked away from his penetrating gaze, instead choosing to glare at the bridge of his nose.
	I couldnt be caught by them, and I didnt stand a chance against both of them, especially not if Aiden showed, he sighed, Who would you rather I killed? Kai or Chelsea?
	You expect me to answer that? she dropped her arm.
Not out loud, Dustin leaned in, forcing her to meet his eyes, Im fine with you remaining as pure as you can be, but that means I have to make the hard decisions without your feedback.
	Youre always going to get it though, she promised, bitterness still clear in everything she said, My feedback, I mean.
	He grinned, Always? Sweet.
	And I wont ever forgive you for killing her, she said, walking away.  He followed.
	I dont expect you to, he said and gestured towards the beach, where storm clouds hovered around the horizon, I think well have to stay the night here.
	Will the storm be too bad to travel in? she asked,   her shoulders dropping.
	No, I never let a bit of rain stop me, he shoved his hands into his sweatshirt pockets, But Kais leading the funeral right now.
	Kai? she asked. Dustin nodded.
	Kai.
	Dustin led her through the maze of tourist shops until they reached the boardwalk.  He handed her a pamphlet and they leaned against the wooden, sand imbedded rail as they watched the funeral from afar. The wind sunk into her skin, chilling her from the inside out and temporarily pushing away her anger.
	She watched, her face partially hidden behind a copy of The Coves Best Tourist Spots, as Kai reached a hand into the urn.  His hand came out clenched, and when he opened it, a pile of dark gray dust sat in his hand.  He watched, his expression hard, as the wind took the ashes and carried them into the ocean.  
	That was Chelsea, Austin realized.  The dust.  She was cremated.
	Sage took another handful and the older, married couple who Austin thought were Chelseas parents scattered the ashes as well, and then it was back to Kai.  He finished the job slowly, taking his time.  Even from a distance, Austin could see his other hand tightened around the pot as he struggled to contain whatever he was feeling.
	Who would you rather I have killed? Kai or Chelsea?
	I cant watch this anymore, she said, turning away.  She wasnt crying, Can we do something else?
	What do you want to do? Dustin asked carefully, treating her like she was fragile.  She wasnt.
	I dont know, she said.  She felt horrible.  Why wasnt she crying?  Why wasnt she more upset?
	She should be.

Chapter 32
	Dustin hid behind his menu, but his bright blue eyes peeked out from the top, Hi.
	How can you act so normal? she was sitting across from one of the most well known chaos in Affelil, and he was just drinking coffee and deciding what he should order for breakfast.  He should be at least a little nervous.  And disguised.  He should have shades on.
	The corners of his eyes crinkled and he put the menu down, No ones going to recognize us.  You havent been gone long enough for Aiden to start putting up missing posters, and me?  No one looks at me for more than a second.  I have one of those faces.
	No you dont, she said, You stand out.
	You think that, but I had to do something drastic to get your attention, he rolled his eyes, Did you think I would ever get into a fight with a human boy and let him live? Even after he insulted my hat?
	She remembered the pink knit hat, Yeah.  Who gave you that, anyway?
	He looked at her, Do you really not remember?
	I remember some things, she said, shifting in her seat.  Dustins warm smile was familiar, too familiar to be comfortable.  A smile shouldnt be that familiar, Mainly only the basics.
	Small things will come later.  Probably, he shrugged and looked at a waitress with curly hair, Can we have two coffees?
	Anything else? the waitress whipped out a notepad and pen in record time, scribbling down the orders in shorthand.  
	Im not hungry, Austin mumbled, shaking her head at Dustin.  He gave the menus back and the waitress walked away, leaving them to themselves.  Silence fell over them, a heavy silence.  That seemed to happen a lot.
	Out of everything she could have said, that she could have asked, she mumbled, I like tea now.
	Tea? You never- oh, did Kai force you to try the stuff? His tea always tastes great, Dustin said.  Austin was again reminded that he used to know Kai, and that he used to be a regular dragon.
	Yeah.
	They didnt talk for the rest of the day, and Austin was fine with that.  She watched the people around her instead.  Some looked sullen and withdrawn, but most were happy.  Carefree.  They carried surfboards and wore tank tops, though it couldnt have been more than fifty degrees.
	It grew dark and the surfers went home, leaving only a couple lone customers, each taking up their own tables and typing away at a computer.  The restaurant must have free wifi.  She didnt think that there would be internet here, since there were no phones.
	Why arent there phones? she asked, staring out the dark windows.  The clouds had blocked out the moon and raindrops hit the glass panes with so suddenly and with such force that Austin flinched.
	There are some.  Theres a phone in the capital building in Strongham.  Theres one in the capital building here in the Cove.  They connect the cities, Dustins grin deepened, Usually to warn each other about chaos.
	She nodded, But why doesnt everyone have one?
	We have better things to do than play mini games all day, Dustin gave her a knowing look, We have words to write or battles to fight.
	And people to see? she raised an eyebrow.  When Dustin nodded, she said, Would Kai be at the beach by now?
	Dustin checked his digital watch, Yeah.
	They stood up and Austin followed after him, keeping a few feet away.  The wind whipped her wet hair into her face, but all she could notice was the lone figure on the beach.  She could barely see him, but he was definitely there. 
	Go on, he gave her a gentle push in Kais direction and she stumbled forwards, sand climbing into her shoes.  She put one foot in front of the other, tripping once every few steps, until she was close enough to touch Kais back.  The sound of the waves crashing against the sand and the thunder echoing around her had masked her entrance.  He had no idea that she was there.
	She reached towards him, her hand just short of the storytellers soaked jacket.  She was struck with the oddest sensation.  She felt that, right now, she had the option of nonexistence.  If she walked away right now, he would never know that she was there.
	She stopped, motionless in the wet sand.  With one hand halfheartedly reaching towards him, almost brushing against his back, and whispered, Kai.
	The thunder boomed again, covering up any sound she made.  As she watched Kai walk away, she felt something hot run down her face, spilling from her eyes.  She couldnt do it.  She couldnt make him notice-
	Dustin whistled from behind her and Kai stopped, his head tilting to the side.  Slowly, he turned on his heel and faced them, his mouth open in shock.
	And then Austin was laughing.
	You idiot! Kai shouted at her over the sound of the crashing waves, overjoyed, What are you doing here?
	Attending a funeral, she laughed, wrapping her arms around his soaked, scrawny neck.  He had some prominent collarbones, she realized.  She could feel them under his shirt, And visiting some friends.  You?
	Same, he squeezed her, How did you-
	Dustin, she answered, the name bringing down her mood only by a notch, He brought me here.
	Youre with Dustin? Kai looked up, his eyes wide as he stared behind her.  She whipped her hair out of her face, Were you kidnapped again?
	Not this time, she buried her head into his chest.  He was warm.  Kai rested his chin on top of her head, Kai, I missed you.
	He was the warmest thing on this godforsaken beach.
	I didnt think that we would see each other this soon, he admitted.  She nodded, but couldnt tell if she was hearing his heartbeat or the beating of the waves against the shore.  He let he go but kept his hands on her shoulders, staring, Im glad that you got out of there safely.
	Thanks.  How did everyone handle it?  Did they suspect you of helping me? she fired off her questions, trusting that Kai could answer both of them.  She wasnt disappointed.
	I think that Derrick knows I helped you, but he isnt saying anything.  No one new knows that youre a Halfling.  Aiden isAiden is looking, Kai didnt meet her eyes, which meant that it was bad.  It was really bad, Hes not doing so well.
	Hes angry? she winced, but Kais hands on her shoulders held her together.
	No, but he cant control himself.  His abilities you know how strong they are- are attacking randomly.  People around him drop like flies. They wake up later with hours of their memory gone.  He might be voted out of his position as General.
	Im sorry to hear that, Dustin said, appearing beside them.  They both jumped, but Kai automatically shook the hand that the chaos offered, Its nice to see you again, Kai.
	You- he flinched back in shock, automatically moving so that he was shielding Austin completely, Austin, I thought you meant that you met him, and then you escaped.
	She ducked around his protective arms, a grimace on her face, I wish.
	She stood in between the two boys, prepared to be the mediator.  As long as she was in the middle, no one would start a fight.  No one would get hurt.  She didnt even have to be in the middle, though she preferred it like this.  All she really needed to do was be near Dustin, and he wouldnt attack.
	He killed Chelsea, Kai said, stating the obvious.
	Yes, she nearly shouted the words, pressure building up inside of her.  She felt like a shook up soda can, and she was ready to burst, But it was a choice between Chelsea and you, and Im glad that youre the one who lived.
	She didnt want to say the words aloud, but she had, and now she couldnt take them back.  Dustins face was surprised, but smug.  Kais was just shocked.
	Kai! a lone figure, Sage, shouted from further on in the beach.  She didnt seem to notice Austin or Dustin, so their dark clothes must have been useful in hiding them in the darkness, Lets go.
	Dustin pulled Austin away from Kai, slowly, Im telling Sages subconscious not to notice us.  If you move to fast, though, there is no doubt that she will notice.
	Austin stood still, rain and wind still slapping her, as she watched Kai walked away.  His words, loud enough for only she and Dustin to hear, rang out, Mail me.
	We have a long walk home, Dustin reminded her, dragging her back.  Austin nodded, but she felt the need to cry and sleep.  Again.  Was friendship supposed to be this hard?  She just wanted to be friends with Kai without all these politics and bloodlines getting in the way.
Chapter 33
	He had her rest underneath the flimsy protection of an old, bare tree, so she was soaked when she woke up.  She shrugged out of her jacket and tossed it across from her.  It landed near the fire that Dustin had set up sometime while she slept.
	I could have frozen to death last night, she frowned, warming her hands by the fire.  They were white from the cold, and frost covered her rough jeans.
	You have fire dragon blood. You cant die from temperature, be it cold or hot, he said it like he was reciting it out of a textbook; were there textbooks for that sort of thing? But you are a Halfling, so being set on fire would probably hurt worse than a paper cut.  Just warning you.
	Great, she said.  Dustin handed her a tin and she lifted it to her face.  She smelled coffee, Is there anything weird in it?
	Im not going to poison you, Austin, he rolled his eyes and stood up, Cmon, Im the one person in your life whos willing to risk his life to be near you.  Cant you have a little bit of trust in me?
	She poured the cup to the ground and it spilled, sizzling as drops hit the fire, Whoops.
	Dustin frowned and picked up the cup, hanging it off the edge of his bag.  Austin grabbed her own and stuffed her wet jacket into it, scuffing out the fire with a bucket of water that Dustin collected sometime during the night.  It was time to move on.
	What do we do once we get to the cabin? she asked.  The plan was to hide her in the human world, she assumed, but what then?  And where?  Hopefully theyd put her in the United States.  She didnt want to speak any new languages. Britain would also be nice, she supposed.
	I guess well decide that when we get there, Dustin answered, We walked a lot last night, so we might get there by tonight.  Were ahead of schedule.
	Dandy, she replied.  Her heavy backpack hung from both of her shoulders and she held the straps as she walked, not knowing what else to do with her arms.  Before she realized that she was hungry, Dustin tossed her a still wrapped breakfast bar.
	She bit into and finished it in just a few short seconds, and that was that.  They walked through the already crushed leaves and jumped over creeks, using fallen trees as bridges when the occasion called for it.
	They would always do this. When someone came close to one of their homes, or when they were out and a dragon saw her, they would move.  She would run through the forests, shrieking in delight with every new discovery, and Dustin would smile. 
	Running was not unfamiliar to them, then.
	Her eyes ran across something newa flower colored an exotic blue. She stopped following Dustin and walked towards it, her hand already outstretched.  The flowers petals were darker than the walls in her bedroom and faded to a shade lighter than Kais at the base.  The petals, only two inches long, were closed, as if shunning the light.  She shed her backpack as she took another unsteady step forwards. She wanted to know if it felt as soft as it looked.
	Austin, dont! Dustin grabbed her, wrapping his arms around her.  They would have just fallen, but with Dustins careless momentum, they went careening down the steep hill.  Austins skin tore under thorns and branches. Her head cracked against a fallen tree and she grabbed on to it, wincing.
	What the hell? she snapped, but Dustin hadnt stopped with her.  She caught sight of his dark shirt, just as it disappeared.  He was still tumbling down, and she could hear branches snapping under him.  She stood up, noting her torn shirt with a frown, and went to find him.
	His teeth were clenched as he lay on the forest ground, clutching his leg.  The wind whipped at them, cold off the river, and her hair blew in her face.  She gathered it up in a tight ponytail and glared at the boy in front of her.
	Did you really just break your leg? she put her hands on her hips.
	He shook his head and in a tight voice, replied, Its just a sprain.  And blue flowers are traps for us naredowells.  Earth dragons plant them and make the ground under them hollow.
	From the way his face was turning white, she seriously doubted that it wasnt a serious injury.  As for the other thing, she didnt believe that at all, Stay there.
	I can do that, he bit his lip.  She rolled her eyes, trying not to be sympathetic, and walked off.  She kept her eyes to the ground as she hiked uphill, looking for their backpacks.  She found them a little ways off, and hers was only five feet from the plant.  She picked it up and, out of curiosity, tapped on the ground lightly with the tip of her foot.  She jumped away as it crumbled, the bright flower falling in with the small layer of dirt, into a hole ten feet deep.  Her lips popped open and stared at the hole that she could have been trapped in.
	She grabbed a stick that was lying on the ground not far from where she stood and went back down to inspect the boy gasping in pain as he tried to stand.  Dustin had saved her, and she planned to return the favor, the only reason for that being that she didnt want to owe him.
	She walked back to where he stood, lugging all of their possessions on her back.
	Austin held her shirt sleeve taught in one hand and, with the one holding the knife, she cut it out into long strips.  She could feel Dustins eyes on her, and she tried to ignore it.
	Youre helping me, he said. She could see a smile climbing onto his face as she fastened the stick to his leg, a makeshift splint.
	Im not going to leave you out here to get eaten by a wild animal, she said, tying one strip of fabric snugly.  He winced, Im not as bad as you.
	Aussy, he started softly.  Her glare made sure that he wouldnt continue whatever he was going to say.  She helped him to his feet and he slung his heavy arm around her shoulders for support.
	How far away are we from the cabin? she asked, looking around.  The trees gave no hint that they were anywhere close.
	A few miles, Dustin gritted his teeth together, I would tell you to go ahead and get Smith, but I would need to be close to you to protect you.
	Austin supported him for a step, rested, and repeated the process, What kind of dragon are you?  Water dragons cant influence minds, but you can.
	Chaos energy doesnt listen to the rules, Dustin laughed freely, so loud that he startled a bird overhead.  Its wings fluttered through the air and a small, light brown feather floated to the ground, It gave Mr. Smith the Sight, and hes one of threethree?  Yeah, three people to ever have that ability.  It gave me fire dragon abilities.  I hear that it even gives some people more than-
	Thats more than I wanted to know, thanks, she replied shortly, I dont have any plans on having chaos energy taint me.
	Youre planning on staying a fire dragon? he asked, cringing.  She accidentally dipped under his weight, which accidentally caused him to feel a shot of pain.  Whoops.
	She nodded, I dont feel the need to change for you, Dustin.  Or for anyone else, actually.
	Good, he nodded, smiling despite the pain he was in, Dont ever change.
	Shut up, she said and walked in silence.  Her shoulders hurt from supporting his weight and her legs ached from the days of walking, but she didnt complain or take a break.  The sooner they passed through the doors of the cottage, the sooner she could get away from him.  Still, something had to be said, Thank you for not killing Kai.
	I would have, if you werent there, he paused, taking an uneasy step forward to keep up with her, Or maybe I wouldnt have.  People die when they die, and I just help them along with that.
	She took his knife from his belt and shoved it into his free hand, glaring at him, Then help me along with it.  Kill me, if its no big deal.
	Im not going to kill you, he laughed as if it was such a ridiculous idea, as if it wasnt even an option. She was glad that he didnt kill her.  She was just calling a bluff.
	Why not? she asked, her glare increasing in intensity, If it doesnt matter-
	If you want to die, go to Aiden.  If its possible, I like to keep you separate from death, he sighed and felt suddenly heavier on top of Austin.
	So you dont kill when youre near me? she said, judgment clear in every sound, How sweet.
	Thanks, Dustin said with complete seriousness, actually believing that she had given him a compliment, I try.
	He was damaged.  Mr. Smith had warned her that, though she already knew.  Still, to hear Dustin say that and for him to claim that she made him a better personand for her to know that was true wasjust
	She fixed him.
	When she was in front of him, he thought twice about killing.  When she wasnt there, when he wasnt worried about tainting her, he did.
	Were here.
Chapter 34
	Austin knocked on the door while Dustin leaned against the wall, supporting himself with his good leg.  His face was still pale, still coated with a sheen of sweat.  Mr. Smith opened the door, a surprise companion standing behind him.
	Jess? Austin stepped into the threshold, glad for the warmth it held, What?
	Whats up? she smiled, her hair was put up in its usual bun and wisps of hair were falling out.  Her ironed sleeves were pushed up to the elbow, revealing dark blue tattoos that swirled and twisted into cursive names and words unfamiliar to Austin.
	Just got back from an adventure, Austin said, swallowing, You?
	Just got released from my assignment.  That was you, by the way, Jess shrugged, elbowing Mr. Smith, Most of the chaos in that area were sent there just to watch over you, including Smith.
	Fledglings get assignments? she asked.  Mr. Smith and Jess exchanged a look.
	Im a bit older than a fledgling, a bit younger than Smith.  Hes got a few years on me, Jess raised an eyebrow, looking at him teasingly, But Im catching up.
	Thats not how aging works, Jessica, he smiled, And Id say that I have more than a few years.
	How many? Austin asked.
	A thousand, Jess laughed at the number as if it were meaningless, Has he told you how aging varies? Depending on how diluted the blood is?
	Two thousand, Mr. Smith corrected her, spinning around.  He was wearing a bow tie, Actually.
	But Im only seven hundred.  Youre a thousand seventy eight in March, Jess said.  She put her hands on her hips.  Both seemed to have forgotten that they had company.
	Two thousand seventy eight, he corrected her again.
	Age is just a number, Jess bit her lip, smiling.  Mr. Smith rolled his eyes.
	He directed his next words at Austin, who had begun to feel left out of the conversation, Chaos energy has no effect on the aging process.  Jessica is a pureblood water dragon.
	I see, Austin nodded, a strange feeling building up in her chest.  She felt like she had walked in on something strange, something from a completely different dimension.
	Dustin cleared his throat, still looking rather pale, If no one minds, did you say that Jess is a water dragon? Did her powers carry through in the transformation to chaos?
	Youre lucky they did, Jess leaned out the door and stared at Dustins awkwardly hanging leg, They amplified instead of changing.
	Jess gripped Dustins shoulder, and when she sighed, Austin could almost see her energy flowing from her body to his, fixing all that was broken.  She had never before witnessed a healing where she wasnt the patient.
	So what now? Mr. Smith asked, putting a warm hand on Austins head as he messed with her hair, Youll stay the night, of course.
	Ill be off to the human dimension in the morning, Dustin said in a forced whisper, I miss Earth, and my humans might be starting to miss me.
	Ill be going with him, Austin said.  Silence followed her words, and even Dustin looked surprised.  
	Without us? Jess asked, glancing at Mr. Smith.
	Austin nodded and gestured towards the patient, Someone has to keep him in check, and that someone has to be me.
	If he were left alone, he would kill everyone.  Ending him would end the problem, but Austin couldnt do that, so she would be the one to deal with it.  Finally she knew her title.  Instead of  the Storytellers Assistant, she was the Babysitter.
	She crossed her arms over her chest and frowned, but had already made her decision.
Chapter 35
	She stumbled past the others and into the kitchen, lit by just a few lamps.  Mr. Smith had already set out a pot of something hot for their arrival.  She automatically poured two cups, sliding one towards the boy beside her, just like she would have done with Kai. 
	Thanks, Dustin said.  She nodded, feeling her throat swell when she realized who she was helping.
	I think Im going to drink this in my room, she said, blinking.  She took her mug of tea by its handle and hurried to her room, shutting the door behind her.  She didnt lock it, instead rushing straight to the desk.  She set her cup down, ignoring the soft smell that reached her.
	She took out the almost black journal that Kai had given her, along with one of the blank tipped pens, and began to write.  She wrote everything, just as she remembered it.  She wanted her story to be written down, for the sole purpose of being able to make sense of things.
	The pen scratched against the paper, detailing what others had told her about her parents and how Dustin had taken her away.  She asked the journal about her parents. Scenes filled her minds.  Warm, orange tinted scenes by a fireplace.  Cold, pale scenes that took place in the snow.  Gray buildings in cities that she couldnt remember.  She wrote them all down.  
	The door creaked open, What are you doing?
	Mr. Smith placed a hand on the desk beside her and read over her shoulder.  He was probably the only person who could read her clumsy scrawl, and that ability had come from months of practice.
	It doesnt make sense, she confessed, dropping the pen.  Ink splattered from the faulty tip, None of this makes sense.
	What doesnt? he asked softly and she pointed to a line she had just written. 
	I was scared of Aiden, she flipped to previous pages pointing out specific phrases too quickly for him to read, But not of Dustin.  Dustin was so nice when I was a kid, but theres always red.  Red, red, red.  Blood.  But I didnt care.  I would walk into the kitchen, see blood, and Id be worried about him.
	He was your brother, Mr. Smith said softly, pointing out that word.  It was true that she used to call him that, but-
	No, she shook her head wildly, clutching at the sides of her chair, No.  He is not my family.  Hes a murderer.
	So is Aiden, and so am I, he said, So is Jessica.  Are we not like family to you?
	You guys are different, she said.  She refused to look him in the eye.
	How so?
	I- she faltered and tried again, I just-
	Why is he different?
	He was supposed to be better, the words finally came out, Better than everyone else.  I looked up to him.  Even months after Aiden and Demitri took me away, even after they took away my memories, I would look out the window at night and I would wait, without even knowing who I was waiting for.  I waited, and he never came.
	He did, Mr. Smith reminded her, He came as soon as we knew for sure that it was you.
	He came and then he killed, she took the pen and capped it, Thats not how good guys are supposed to act.
	Youve always been so focused on whats supposed to happen and what people are supposed to be like, he sighed, Sometimes you have to take people as they are.
	But he- she sucked in a breath, taking hold of her cup again, Hes-
	Hes Dustin, Mr. Smith patted her on the head, Now go to sleep.  You have a busy day tomorrow.
	She nodded, facing the window right in front of her desk.  The blinds were open, the growing moon barely in her view.  She swallowed and, as she heard the door shut once more, she felt something wet trail down her cheek. She rubbed the offending tear away with the edge of her ripped shirt, He wasnt supposed to kill anyone.
	She fell asleep at the desk in exhaustion, her sleep so deep that she didnt wake when someone entered her room, not even when the intruder pulled a thick comforter around her folded figure.
	She didnt dream that night.  She slept in black oblivion until-
	Austin, someone was shaking her awake.  She opened her eyes to see Jess, whose bun was in slight disarray.  She groaned and shut her eyes again.  Jess shook her harder, Why didnt you tell me that you were hurt?
	M not, she mumbled, stretching.  Her back hurt from sleeping in the hard chair, but that was all.  Jess poked at her arm and Austin winced, Except for a few cuts.
	I could have healed those last night.  Getting healed doesnt hurt.  I would have healed you right when Dustin told me, but I dont heal unless I have  permission because its just weird to touch someone while theyre sleeping and- she sighed angrily and put a hand on Austins shoulder.  Austin shook her off.
	Im good.  Theyre just scratches, she inspected herself.  They had all closed up, all skin deep.  It wasnt like she had been stabbed, Theyll heal on their own.
	Youll have scars, Jess frowned, making another grab at her.  Austin moved her chair a few inches away, making it clear that she didnt want to be touched.
	So? she asked, untangling her hair with a comb she had found.  Aiden refused the help of water dragons when he had cuts, too.  They were strong.  They didnt need to take the easy way out.
	Aiden.
	She had been there while he tortured Mr. Smith.  Was she fine with that?  He was just doing his job.  He was just doing what he thought was the right thing to do.  Still, the crazy glint that entered his eyes made her shiver.  She pushed that thought out of her mind.
	Jess gave up, a wry smile on her face, Breakfast is on the table.  Lets go.
	Yeah, Austin nodded, sitting up.  A piece of paper, a drawing that she had colored in years ago, floated to the floor.  A boy with bright blue eyes took up the center.
	He was wearing a pink hat.
Chapter 36
	When will I see you again? Austin asked, not feeling the need to say goodbye.  She never could get rid of the chaos dragons in her life, it seemed.
	Well visit, Jess promised.  Mr. Smith nodded in agreement, Or you could.  Well be here keeping the cabin warm.
She took a bite out of the chocolate and bananas on toast that Dustin had made for her.  She licked off what had gotten on her fingers, When do we leave, Dustin?
As soon as you want, he leaned forwards, his chin digging into his hands.  His stare made her nervous, After breakfast would be good, since then I could give you the full tour.
	You are not my mentor, she reminded him quietly. That role was Kais, and only his.
	How about guardian?
	No.
	Brother? he asked with less hope than Austin had expected.  Did he not want to go back to their old arrangement?  That was fine with her, but surprising.
	No, she crossed her arms.  Dustin seemed relieved.
	Friend? he was much more eager with this suggestion, but not crushed when Austin shook her head, Fine, how about a guide?
	A guide? she said, the word strange on her tongue.  One who shows the way by leading, directing, or advising, As if you could be one.
	Dustin must have known that the definition had run through her mind, and he had his own to share, To accompany a person to show points of interest and to explain their meaning or significance.  I can do that.
	Youre going to be my tour guide? she raised her eyebrows, doubtful.
	He grinned, Yeah, that and Ill hook you up with a waitressing gig in one of the coolest bars in Boston.
	Im not old enough to work in a bar, she pointed out.  Dustin dug something out of his coat pocket and slid it towards her.  She picked up the thin square of plastic and stared at her picture, which was only slightly unflattering, When did you find the time to make me a fake ID?
	Jess did that, he shrugged, I think this was before you two met.
	In the bookstore.  I met her when Kai was taking me on a tour.
	Hah, no.  No you didnt, he said.
	Yeah. I did, she argued, wondering why he was even debating the issue.
	No, you met after you saved Jess from getting raped, Dustins eyes went cold, By some earth dragon.  No one will be seeing him for awhile.
	You killed him? she said. She didnt know how to feel about that.  She hated the fact that he killed people, yes.  But she wasnt a good person.  She didnt feel sad for the guy.
	She wasnt that good
	Maybe.  Are you upset? he asked worriedly.
	No, Austin admitted, But I dont remember seeing Jess before the bookstore.
	Theres a lot of things that you dont remember out that night, Dustin grimaced, Sorry about that.
	You wiped my memory? she glared at him.  He held up his hands in surrender.
	Sorry! he said again, making a move towards her, Do you want to remember?
	I dont like having things taken from me without my permission, she sniffed, turning her head away.  That was low, even for him, Did I ever see you that night?
	No, only Jess.  I came to clean up her mess.  I left my signature behind on a piece of paper, he said. Austin let out a breath.  For some odd reason, that made it better.  It was just really low when he hid himself from her.
	I dont need to remember, she waved him off, standing up, As long as theres nothing else that youre keeping me?
	Theres not, he promised, and she found herself nodding.  She believed that.  	
Dustin pinned a small button to her shirt, printed with a familiar symbol that looked like a cross between a chair, g, j, and capital C.  Hadnt that been on the note that Dustin left behind? What does it mean?
	Dustins lips curled into a smile as he answered, soft and gentle.
	It means safe.
He brought her to a large wooden door that Austin had barely noticed and opened it, showing nothing but wall space. He pushed Austin through it and she gasped, the thin air freezing inside her lungs, before stumbling onto the busy streets of a concrete sidewalk. It was ten degrees colder in this dimension.
	Oh god, that wasnt pleasant, she winced.  Dustin appeared next to her, instantly solid.
	It usually isnt, he shrugged, looking around, Nice, this is near my apartment.
	You have an apartment?	
	Of course.  I usually live in this city.  Or Chicago.  I alternate, he shrugged, Its a nice little place.
	He brought her to an apartment complex and they walked up three levels, their backpacks heavier with every step they took.  He unlocked the door to a nondescript apartment starting with the number 3 and pointed at a door, Your room.  I made it up a few weeks ago.
	She looked around, dropping her bag at her feet.  A plain bed with a gray blanket sat in the corner of the room and a single poster hung on the wall, a poster with the symbol that seemed to follow her wherever she went; the one that meant safe.  Austin shook her head and kicked her bag to the floor, discarding her gloves.
	Ill make some tea, she called, Do you want any?
	I dont have any, he opened the door to the room opposite of hers.  His oversized shirt was twisted, the neckline pulled down to show the tattoos that crept up his collarbone.
	Then we need to get some, she crossed her arms, Im not staying anywhere that doesnt have tea.
	He paused, his eyes capturing her, So youre staying?
	Only if theres tea, her addiction to the drink was growing, but at least it wasnt as bad as Kais.
	Then well get tea, Dustin laughed, fixing his shirt.  He shoved his arms into the sleeves of a jacket that covered his tattooed arms, Tons of tea.
	Good.
Chapter 37
	Choose one, Dustin checked his thin wallet, I paid the apartment bills a few months in advance, so we dont have to worry about that, but its not like Im rich.  I havent got a hundred years worth of interest in human banks like most dragons do.
	Interest?
	Yeah, he shrugged, Some dragons only visit the human world once every hundred years or so, and they put a bit of money in the banks.  Interest stacks up.
	Fascinating, she said, taking one of the boxes in her hands.  She smelled it, shook her head, and put it back.  That box smelled cheap.  She picked up another, this one large and dark in color, and smelled, I think Kai had this.  I never brewed it, though.
	If Kai had it in his kitchen, its good tea, Dustin said, Tea and words are his forte.
	And mine, she said, Or, well, I want them to be.
	You want to be a storyteller? he asked.  She couldnt tell if he was disappointed or just genuinely curious.
She was self conscious, I dont know.  I like words.  And tea.  No other job Ive heard of is all that interesting.
	How about a chaos errand boy? Dustin suggested, You get to have your own life, live anywhere and everywhere, and help people.
	No, she answered
	Why not?
	I would be an errand girl, not an errand boy, she pointed out.
	Fine then, how about an errand girl? he smiled.
	She rolled her eyes, No.
	Why not? he was surprised, genuinely surprised.  It was like he expected her to say yes.
	Im not working for chaos, she leaned forwards, her voice barely more than a whisper.  She didnt want to announce to the world that they werent human.  
	You already are, Dustin put an arm around her shoulders, Youre keeping me in check, like a manager.  And Im the leaders lapdog.
	The leader? she repeated.  She was under the assumption that the chaos were an unorganized group that just milled about, doing whatever they wanted.
	Big secret.  No, you cant know, he grinned, Not until she says so.  But its kind of an amazing secret, so dont worry.
	His hushed, excited tone wasnt enough to spark her interest, Cool.  So how am I going to pay my way?
	Youre a fledgling.  I pay your way, he said, rolling his eyes, Like a minor.
	Im almost an adult, she said, not knowing why it was so important to remind him of that fact.  She did act older, most of the time.
	He continued, ignoring her comment, The bar where I work is always understaffed.  I think I already brought this up.
	Ill be a waitress? she checked, a smile slipping onto her face.  A normal, humanish job.  She could do that.
Chapter 38
	It was a quiet, unassuming bar on the corner of the street, with a chalkboard sign outside the door that displayed the hours.  Dustin held open the door for her and she walked in, taking in the sighs that greeted her.
	We dont open for another- a girl with a tight ponytail gave her a tight smile.  She cut herself off, staring at the guy behind her, Dustin?
	Hey Jules, he said, raising a hand in an awkward wave.  She blinked.
	This is her? the hostess asked, staring at Austin, The girl you had to find?
	Yeah, Dustin grinned, I think the vacation time was worth it.
	Shes quite the Juliet, Romeo, a waiter raised his eyebrows at Dustin before going back to wiping down the tables.
	They were speaking about her like she was his girlfriend. Like she was anything more than her charge.
 Dustin called earlier, a short woman with full black hair walked forwards, sizing her up, He said that you needed a job.  Can you start tonight?
	Austin gave one short, sharp nod, Yes, what do you need me to do?
	 Evan and Dustin will tell you everything, the women, presumably the owner of the bar, informed her, So youre Austin?  Whats your last name? Youve got decent shoes? Its a lot of walking.
	Austin Smith, and yes, she answered again, looking around.  She realized that she had taken Dustin and Mr. Smiths last name as her own, but that didnt bother her.  The waiter who had called her Juliet waved, and she guessed that was Evan.  
	Make sure to ask questions, the owner said and walked back into the kitchen, where her voice raised as she shouted in a language that was not English.
	What should I do? she asked, turning to Dustin.
	Dustin turned to Evan, What do you need done?
	Tables are wiped down, for the most part, the waiter said, his voice smooth.  He stared at Austin as he worked, his eyes cold and calculating, The ice needs stocked, though.
	Dustin saluted and made his way into the kitchen to do as Evan said, and Evan turned to her, You need to know the drinks we carry.
	He ripped a piece of paper out of a notepad and brought a pen out of his shirt, scribbling down some words, These are the drinks we carry.  Memorize them; especially take care to know the beers.  And we also carry snacks.
	She took the paper from him and stared at it, trying to put it all into memory.  She made a song out of it in her head, Thanks.  So Ill be waiting tables?
	If Jo had shown up, probably not, but we need people on the floor, he informed her, straightening up, So youre the girl Dustin talked about?
	She nodded, I would think so.
	Forgive us for being surprised.  From the way he talked, it made you seem younger.  Much younger, he said.
	Maybe hes just older.  Much older.
	Evan chuckled, nodding, Maybe I am, too.
	How much older? she asked slowly, wondering.
	A lot older, Juliet, he said, picking up the rag he held in his hands, So believe me when I say that Ive known Dustin for awhile.
	Did Evan classify awhile as in a few years or a few centuries?
	I believe you.
	Good, he said, But hes different now.  The Dustin I know was obsessed with you.  Now hesslightly less obsessed.
	I yell at him whenever he gets weird, Austin said.
	Im sure that you do, Evan laughed at that.  He ran a hand through his dark, gelled hair.
	Buthes better? she asked.  She wasnt a fair judge of the situation, but it did feel like he had made progress. She hadnt seen him kill anyone in days.
	Much better, he said, Now, what beers do we carry?
	She listed them without looking at the shred of paper she held in her hands.  Memorizing lists and words was easy.  Working for a storyteller nonstop for weeks had its advantages.
	Good.  When you get an order, just tell the people in the kitchen and theyll bring it out as fast as they can, Evan told her, Oh, and you need one of our shirts.  Let me get one for you.
	He brought her to the back of the bar and handed her an extra shirt, small in size.  She went into the single bathroom and took off her shirt.  The door opened behind her and Evan stood there, staring at the exposed skin on her back. One of his eyebrows quirked upwards.
	Interesting, he said.
	Get out! she snapped, clutching the shirt to cover her chest.
	Right, sorry, he apologized quickly, and shut the door even faster.  Austins face flamed and she locked the door, leaning against it as she slid on the dark green shirt.
	Austin pulled her hair into a ponytail, set to work since they all thought that she was old enough.  She was only three years and however many months away from being legal age to work at a bar, and that was close enough.
	She worked hard for hours, dealing with even the customers that the others were wary of serving.  A hardcore Christian couple tried to convert her, but, of course, they couldnt have known that she already knew how her world was createddidnt she? The Origin story didnt cover that, and that made her wonder.  
Her mind preoccupied with thoughts such as these, she helped a drunk girl call a friend to pick her up, and then she went to washing dishes.  Her eyes met Evans and she pursed her lips, not willing to be flustered over his mistake. Work made dwelling on the event impossible.
She never thought that waitressing could be so busy, or so tiring.
	You have to have superhuman powers to do this job, she said, bringing out new drinks.  Dustin laughed and stuck a new order on her tray and she winced.  Even sword training with Aiden hadnt prepared her for this.  She didnt know that it was possible to hurt in so many places.
	Then its a good thing we do, he said, disappearing back into the kitchen.  Austin laughed and shook her head, going back to work.  She placed orders and gave orders for the rest of the night, getting along just fine despite the way she tripped over words.  Most of the customers forgave her awkwardness and even left tipstips that Evan said she was allowed to keep.  Some werent as kind, but Austin could deal with them.  By the time the last customer had left the bar, she was beat.
	Juliet, we still need to clean up, Evan tossed her a towel, Tomorrow youll be doing something harder, so dont get used to the easy work.
	My name isnt Juliet, she said, but went to wiping down the tables and sweeping up the chips that had fallen on the floor.  They didnt sell real food here, only things for people to snack on.  
Dustin handed Austin her coat and herded her out the side entrance, where Evan was smoking a cigarette.
Dustin cursed.
	Evan took the stick out of his mouth and breathed out, releasing a cloud of smoke into the freezing air, She isnt chaos.
	Austin stared at him, her blood running cold.  Evan had given her hints that he was chaos, of course.  Did he accidentally open the door to the bathroom this evening, or had he done it on purpose to see if she had the telltale tattoos? She wouldnt put it past a chaos; actually, she wouldnt put it past any sort of dragon.  No species had proved themselves trustworthy yet. 
	Shes a Halfling, Dustin said, prepared for this interrogation. 
	She could still be- the waiter rose his voice with every word.  Austin stepped forwards, taking the knife out of Dustins belt; her guide used his abilities to keep people from noticing the weapon, but now that it was in her hands, it took center stage.  She leveled the tip at Evans throat, her head tilting to get a better view of the fragile skin there.  
	She was vaguely aware that the knife was far too comfortable in her grasp, but physical threats were the right way to deal with these kinds of things.
	So I have to be one of your kind for you to accept me? she asked, her voice dangerously quiet, I thought I left those values behind in Strongham.
	Evans purple eyes a color that customers probably thought came from colored contacts- flickered from the knife to Dustin and back again, I dont doubt that you raised this one, Dustin.
	The knife was her bluff, her words her weapon.  Wasnt it the other way around with most people?  The waiter looked at Dustin once before turning his head and walking away, Good luck getting the others to buy this, Dustin.  They arent as easy to sway.
	Dustin smiled and nudged Austin, They already have.  The others helped raise you, for god sakes.
	Who? she asked, tilting her head to the side.  She didnt remember any chaos but Dustin. 
	The people who live on our street, your father, and random passerby, Dustin said, mumbling through half of what he said.
	What was that middle one? she asked with empty curiosity. Dustin shrugged, nudging her with his elbow.
	If you keep ignoring me, you might miss something important, he rolled his eyes, But actually, I only said the people who live on our street and random passerby.  No middle thing.
	I could have swornoh well, Austin shrugged, Shall we go back to the apartment?
	Yeah.
Chapter 39
	Day trip to the Cove, Dustin slid his backpack on and ran a hand through his hair to straighten it, I just have to drop some care packages off.
	It was only seven in the morning, and the two had just finished breakfast. The manila envelope that came whenever he had a mission lay ripped open on the table.
	Will you be back before work? she wasnt sure that she would be able to find the way herself, and she didnt feel comfortable being around Evan alone.  She had already put on the bars shirt, though she doubted that little accident would happen again. 
	Ill be back before then, he tossed her something and she caught it; she was holding a plain, unassuming key, In case you decide to go out, youll need that.
	He handed her the knife and her hands automatically closed around the handle.  She studied it.  This was the knife that had killed Chelsea, but yet she had no trouble holding it.  The blade wasnt a bad thing in itself, Are you giving this to me?
	Maybe someday, he said, But, for now, just borrow it.  And dont let yourself get killed.
	No promises, she quipped. Dustin laughed and shook his head in reply, disappearing into his room.  He must have a portal thereor, Austin corrected herself, a door that leads to nowhere.  She needed to decide what to call the things.  Doors That Lead To Nowhere sounded cool, but it was a mouthful.  And, she had learned, they arent always in the shape of doors.
	Portals, then.
	Satisfied with that, she went to her room and shut the door behind her, taking a nap.  She woke up when sunlight, harsh but natural, hit her eyes, filling the room with its weightless presence.  She dressed herself and went out for a walk, taking with her the tips she had earned last night.  She found a nice New Age shop just a block away and was delighted to see that they carried a plethora of tea.  She selected one that smelled calming and business like, bought it, and went back to the housesaying only nine words since she left the door in the first place.
	She brewed the tea and took sips of it from one of Dustins coffee mugs, her hands fitting around the thick handle naturally.  She had always liked this cup, even as a kid.  
	Dustin still wasnt back, and she found herself staring into the darkening streets watching for him.  She barely admitted it to herself, but she wanted him to come back soon.  Her chest felt heavy with nervousness, asking herself when hed be back.
	The door opened behind her and she whirled around to see Dustin.  She let out a sigh of relief.
	Youre late, she frowned at him, sliding on her jacket.  Dustin laughed, nodding.
	I said that Id be back before we had to leave for work, he checked his watch, And if we hurried
	He grabbed her wrist and they ran through the cold, winding streets, dodging crowds of humans wrapped in sweaters and scarves.  Austin laughed breathlessly as she nearly tripped over a curb, Dustins hold keeping her steady.  They did run, and they did make it there earlier than they were supposed toabout an hour and a half before opening time.
	Hey, Evan greeted them, tossing Austin a rag, Great to see you. Thanks for coming in early. Help me wipe down these tables.
	Okay, she nodded, running the wet cloth over the wooden tables.  They already looked clean, but she didnt argue.  She could feel Evans eyes on her as she cleaned.
	Sorry for barging in on you yesterday, but I had to be sure, he said quietly with no remorse to be found, There were whispers that Dustin hadnt turned you, but I wasnt convinced.
	Is it going to be a problem? she asked, curious for his answer.
	Not from me, he shrugged his thick shoulders and ended up balancing his elbow on the edge of the chair, It might be for Dustin, but the chaos in this city arent as accepting as hed have you believe.
	On a scale of one to terrible, how bad is it? she asked. Shed be able to handle it.
	About as bad as a black man walking into a white restaurant in the 1940s, Evan frowned, I should know.
	Sorry, she said, since that seemed like the appropriate response.  She moved onto another table.
	Do you still have that knife on you? Evan asked her. She nodded, and he responded, Good.  Youll need to use it, either against a chaos or one of the other races.
	Will I ever need to use it against you? she asked him. His dark eyes met hers.
	He answered right away, but not too quickly for it to be a lie, No, Austin.  Im on Dustins side, and I am almost positive that means were allies.
	Id rather we be friends, she said. 
	Im sure that you would prefer that, he said, his mouth curving up into a smirk, But goodbye, Ms. Smith.
Chapter 40
	A large crash made Austins eyes snap open and she sat straight up in her bed, grabbing the knife at her bedside table.  She slipped out of her bed, her feet sliding almost soundlessly against the cold floor, and walked towards the source of the sound.  She found Dustin in the kitchen making breakfast and she put the knife down, almost disappointed that she hadnt gotten to use it.
	She shook her head, shocked at herself.  It was a good thing that she hadnt had to fight, Why are you up so early?
	The clock said that it was only three in the morning, and the kitchens bright, artificial light made Austin squint.  She wasnt used to the harsh electricity.
	I have to head down to the Cove again, Dustin said, gesturing to his bulging backpack.  Austin stared at it, a desire forming in her head.
	She missed the clean air, the new and authentic mixed together, and even the people.  She missed Strongham, but anywhere in Affelil would do.  She just needed to go back, even for a day, "I want to come.


Chapter 41
	Its small, Austin stared at the trap door.  She opened the latch and stared through the opening, where she could only see unfinished floor.  Seeing was believing, and she didnt see how that could possibly lead to Strongham, And why dont we just use portals when we travel?
	Theyre not exact.  Really, Im only eighty percent sure this will take us anywhere close to where we need to go, Dustin shrugged, Just try to stay focused.
	She was surrounded by ice as soon as she stepped into the portal, trapped in it.  Then the ice melted away, leaving her beaten by waves of the water it had left behind.  An arm pulled her sideways, and she gasped, sucking in salty water.  The ocean?  Her head broke the surface and she gagged, spitting out what she had almost swallowed.
	Were kind of close to the shore, Dustin shouted, looking up, We should probably get out before we die of pneumonia.
	He helped her swim to shore, and brought her deeper in the Cove, where the houses were in shambles and the air seemed colder.  He kicked open the door to what seemed like an abandoned house, and a group of kids squealed.  Dirt smeared across all of their faces, and each one was skinny.
	In the places that were bare to the freezing air, the skin was taut against bone.  They were starving.
	A little boy attached himself to Dustins soaked legs, grinning, Dusty!
	Who are all these kids?
	Mostly a mix of fire and earth dragons, Dustin said, picking the small boy up, I drop off care packages in December.  Next month, its Evans job.
	Youre like Santa Claus, she laughed, picturing Dustin in a red suit.  The image kind of fit, even if his bag was filled with weapons and other dangerous things.
	Maybe, Dustin grinned, handing the backpack to an older girl with long, dark brown hair.  She dug through it and started handing out the plastic wrapped packages inside, already accustomed to the job.  Austin couldnt help but see the scar that ran down the girls back.  Dustin noticed her stare, Evan is a water dragon.  Hell heal the kids.
	Where do they sleep? she asked.  She shivered in her wet coat, feeling the wind likes slaps to her bare skin.
	Anywhere.  Everywhere, Dustin shrugged, As long as theyre not in the middle of the streets, people dont mind, he shivered into his coat, Lets go home. You must be freezing.
	Arent you? she raised an eyebrow at his shaking figure.
	Fine. Were both freezing. Both of us. We are both freezing. Lets go, he led the way through the boardwalk, clutching his coat tightly against him, Only pureblood fire dragons can go in the water today without getting hypothermia.
	They hurried towards some large crystals at the end of the boardwalk; the smallest of them being twice Austins height and three times as wide.  They were almost clear, but tinted with shades of gleaming blues and iridescent purples. 
	These are portals.
	I thought portals looked like doors. Doors that lead to nowhere.
	We make them look like doors because they blend in the human world, Dustin said, Here in Affelil, everyone knows about them, so theres no need to hide them.  Those are what portals really look like.
	You could put them in the human world like that, Austin said, Tell people that its street art or something.
	Street art wouldnt explain people disappearing into them, Dustin rolled his eyes, taking Austins hand in his, Chaos dont resonate well with these portals, so if I want to end up within a mile of where you go, we need to physically be touching.
	He pulled her towards the crystal, To Boston!
	To Boston, she laughed, nodding.  The portal welcomed her this time, its presence warming her from the outside in.  When she fell into the human world, her clothes were dry, and she was laying on the couch in their apartment.  
Dustin was almost instantly on top of her, his hand still clasping hers.  His knee happened to appear between her legs, and his mouth was just inches from hers. 
His hair tickled her face.  She felt his hot breath against her skin and her face blushed in response.
	Sorry! he nearly shouted, rolling off of her.  He fell to the ground with a large thump.
	No, its not your fault! she said, just as loud.  She sat up, her cheeks flaming in an uncomfortable way, and helped him up, The portal was just really accurate, thats all.  Were lucky it brought us to the apartment.
	Yeah, Dustin nodded, stumbling back, But I, uh, have to put in some paperwork.  So Ill be in my room.  Writing paperwork.
	Austin laughed as he walked away.  He was nervous enough for the both of them, so she went to make tea while they both calmed down.
	Her heart didnt seem to slow for the rest of the night, and the blush never seemed to fade from her cheeksnot even at work.  Evan commented on it and asked what was wrong, but that made her cheeks flame even redder.
	Ah, Evan nodded, a smirk crawling up his face, So thats how it-
	It is not, she said, putting the empty dishes down, It is not like that.
	Right, Evan said, not believing a word that came out of her mouth. He was too intuitive for Austin to be comfortable around. At least he was too focused on her personal matters to try and find her bigger secrets.
	
Chapter 42
Im going to the Cove.  You coming? Dustin asked.  Austin remembered how beaten those little kids had been and how their faces lit up when Dustin came, and she shook her head.  As tempting as it was, she couldnt.
	Id rather stay here, she said as she pushed him aside to make tea, If you wouldnt mind.
	Whatever you want.  Do you have the knife? he checked.  Austin nodded and he disappeared inside his room, closing the door behind him.  As soon as she was positive that he was gone, she ran to her room and pulled Kais package out of her bag.
	She opened the blank journal and started to write, capturing everything that had happened so far.  She didnt go into detail, but instead wrote down events and times.  She talked about waitressing. She talked about how cold the portal always was.  She wrote about everything but Dustin.
	Then, when she could no longer avoid that subject, she wrote, in shaky letters: he isnt a bad person.
	He might actually be good, when he wasnt off killing people.  When he had accidentally landed on her yesterday, he had been so apologetic that she couldnt hold it against him.  
	She closed that journal and opened the other one, the one that had already been filled.  A name used to be printed in the inside of the cover, but that had been crossed out so many times that Austin couldnt read it.  She flipped to a page in the middle.
Aiden has been acting strange recently.  Whenever he comes back from the human world to train us, he is withdrawn.  He always talks about his fledgling, who hes been hiding from us in the human world.  Shes not healthy for him.  His mental state is deteriorating.  This is good news for us, but not for him.  I am worried.  He might not be a chaos, but deep down, he is a good person.  I think I might have begun to fall for him, but I cant tell my supervisors that.  Theyll take me off the assignment.  If they do, I wont be able to see him again.  Or Chelsea.  The water dragon and I have grown close.
Derrick is still a problem.  I think he suspects what I am, but that isnt a problem.  He suspects everyone new to his life.  Still, I think that Im safe.  I dont act like a chaos, and it only strengthened my earth abilities.  To his eyes, Im nothing more than a pure earth dragon.
It went on to talk about her abilities, and Austin grew bored.  She flipped to a new place farther on in the book.
	The girl has been brought into Strongham by Aiden, finally, but D has flooded the city with our kind.  Im assuming that shes the one that he used to keep as a pet.  Or a sister.  Whichever.  He is becoming unstable, just like Aiden.  Is she already a chaos?  Is that her ability? It seems that she taints the people around her.  I met her only a few times, but she hasnt tainted me.  I doubt she will.
	D told me to keep an eye on her, and so has Aiden.  Every day, I walk by Kais shop.  I see her putting away books.  Kai will give me updates with a look on his face that tells me he knows what I am, but he doesnt care.  He helps me do my job, no matter who Im reporting to.  Hes been tainted, too.  If it concerns her, hes like clay.  Manipulated.
	Theyre all idiots, but Aiden is healing.  He doesnt obsess as much as he once did.  He seems to like my company more than before. We train right after he comes in from the wall.  I know what he does out there.  I could be doing it too, but I dont.  I cant torture my own kind.  Aiden thinks that Im just weak, but he needs someone to help him blow off steam.  We fight. Were compatible opponents. If I werent a girl, I might actually have a shot at being his successor.  	
	Someone knocked on the door and Austin looked at the clock.  Unless Dustin had gotten the portal exactly right, there was no way that he could be back yet.  
She put the book down and opened the door, the deadlock still in place.  Evan stood there, snow clinging to his dark coat.
	Can I come in? he held out a box of tea in offering, We need to talk.
	About what? she let him in, giving him a wide berth as he passed.  She locked the door behind them and led him to the kitchen, taking the knife off of the kitchen table.
	Dustin, he said.  Of course.
	What about him? she sat down, putting her hands in her lap.  She was aware of the fact that she hadnt brushed her teeth, that her pajama bottoms were incredibly short, and that her oversized sweater was stained at the shoulder, but she honestly didnt care.
	Do you know why hes so well known? his jacket was dusted with snow, but he didnt look cold.
	Why? she asked, since that was the expected response.  Evan had business for being her, probably chaos business.  She couldnt just kick him out.
	Could she?
	Because we put him on so many missions.  Hes been everywhere.  Other chaos dragons, we call them in every other month or so.  But Dustin, he gets around.
	So?
She didnt see what that had to do with her.  She was really nothing more than a roommate.  They want on adventures sometimes, but it wasnt like she assisted him on a daily basis.
	So, we only call him in so much because hes efficient.  He will get the job done, no matter what, Evan leaned forwards, We need to know that you wont affect that.
	I wont.
	Good, then you wont have any problem with signing this, Evan took a piece of paper out of his jacket and slid it towards her, You can read it, but it just ensures your loyalty.  If you continue helping Dustin, you have our protection.  However, you if you disrupt any of our plans, you give us permission to take you out of the equation. 
	Youll kill me?
	No.  Well, maybe, Evan said, shrugging, Its not my call.  But youll probably be deported somewhere else, either in Affelil or Earth.  Maybe Canada?  Have you ever been to Canada? Its a lovely place.
	What did you mean by change the situation to your advantage? she asked, tightening her hold on the knife.  The weight of it made her feel better, more confident.  She had come to like this knife, more than she even like the apartment, but that didnt mean that she wanted to leave.  She wanted to stay in this state, not to mention the country.
	Well do something to ensure your loyalty to the cause. The means arent as of yet specified, Evan tapped the paper, Oh, and if you tell Dustin about this, youll be deported or killed- immediately. Sorry. But if its any condolence, you wont be killed by anyone you know personally.
	It was obvious that this was a speech he was expected to give.  It was also obvious that Evan would not hesitate to follow any orders he was given, no matter how deadly.
	And if I dont sign? 
	Deportation or immediate death, he said. The smile stayed off his face, You kind of have to sign it.
	She signed.
	Good decision, he poked her forehead, taking the contract and tucking it inside of his jacket.
	Her necklace felt suddenly hot against her skin, and she stared at it, Are you trying to wipe my memory, Evan?
	You have a protection charm? Evan frowned, That makes things complicated. Well, this is my cue to leave. See you at work.
	I dont know whether to dislike you or not, she said as he walked away, the floor creaking with every step.  She heard him laugh.
	Not many people do, he said, and the door shut behind him.  She sighed and stared at her pale skin, almost expecting chaos marks to rise out of nothingness.  She stayed the same.  She stayed normal.  Pure.
	And so she picked up the journal and picked up from where shed left off.  It went on to talk about skirmishes between the writer and Aiden, and then her reports to Dwhich Austin guessed was short for Dustin.  The door opened and Dustin came in, his arms laden with bags.
	He looked at Austins bed head and wrinkled pajamas, and started to put the groceries away, Did anything interesting happen while I was out?
	No, she shrugged, shutting the journal.  
Chapter 43
	The following days and nights passed in a blur, with the both of them being so busy.  She would explore the city she lived in by herself, stumbling through her words whenever she was forced to talk to a stranger.  Though she messed up addresses and mumbled her orders at the nearby Starbucks, she survived.  No dragons approached her on the street that she knew of.  She took comfort in being just a face in the crowd.  
	Then, one evening, her world was upset again.  She had just slipped on the bars tee shirt and was sitting at the table, watching Dustin as he drank his strong coffee.  Scissors sat in her hand and she itched to use them, but she wanted Dustin to help her.
	He was reading a letter he had gotten in the mail, or maybe it had been slipped under their door.  She didnt know how he got his missions from the other chaos, only that he did.  He whipped out his phone and said, his voice very apologetic once the person on the other end picked up, Kristy?  We quit.
	Excuse me? she asked, staring at the phone had had just snapped shut.  
	I was under the assumption that you would follow me on my missions, he looked up from his cup of coffee, To keep me from doing anything regretful.  Was I mistaken?
	No, she said immediately, not able to format everything she wanted to say.  She liked this place.  She tried to comfort herself with the knowledge that shed live for centuries if she were careful, and that meant the odds of her coming back someday were high.  It help much.
	Ive been relocated to Chicago, set to move right after todays mission, Dustin stood up, Do you need to pack?
	Not really, she looked down, clenching her teeth together.  She didnt like this arrangement, but she was bound to it by more than just her word.  Evans contract, and the consequences, were clear in her mind.  Dustin had to keep doing his missions, he had to do exactly as his bosses said, and he had to be efficient. She had to make sure that he stayed the chaos lapdog, All I have to bring is tea and clothes.  Do you have a spare suitcase?
	I have a spare.
	Good, Ill pack later, she decided, Where are we going on this mission?
	Youre coming?
	I have to make sure you dont, in your own words, do something regrettable, she shrugged, handing him the scissors, Help me cut my hair?
	Why do you want to cut your hair?
	Its too long, she said, looking out the window.  It was snowing; the small tufts of white clinging to everything it landed on. The pristine whiteness made the streets look clean for once.
	Fair enough, he took the scissors from her and herded her into the bathroom, And were going to Strongham. I doubt there will be any punishments for me bringing you along, just so long as everything goes well.
Chapter 44
	To Strongham? she asked, her breath leaving her, Were going to Strongham?
	You dont have to come, Dustin put his hands into his pockets, Sorry for the late notice, but theres a little girl in there.  An air dragon with a chaos parent.  Someone just found out, and her trial is tomorrow.
	Then we better get there today, she said firmly.  She held out the scissors, pointing the handles at him, Could you help me with this?
	Yeah.  How short do you want it? he asked, taking them.  She watched the reflection in the mirror as he came closer, and then she could feel his chest against her back.  Did he have to be that close to cut hair?  Her cheeks filled with a blush as he cut, the snipping sounds loud in her ears.  Fiery red hair fell to the ground in small pieces, and she didnt stop him.  He neatened up where she had already cut and evened out the rest.  Her curls were cut out and her bangs swept over her eyes in a dramatic twist.  The longest ends were just longer than her chin and was even shorter in the back.
	I like this, she touched the ends of the newly cut hair, marveling at how lighter her head felt.  More than that, the haircut made her look different. Stronger.
	Dustin nodded, sweeping up some of the hair that had fallen into the sink.  He threw it away, You look like a soldier.  Austin the solider.
	Is that a good thing? she raised her eyebrows.
	Dustin chuckled, nodding, Sometimes.
	He left, probably to pack, while Austin swept up what was left of her hair.  She had already changed into new clothes this morning and she had never taken anything else out of her bag, so she was ready to go.  She dumped her cut her into the trash bin.  There was so much of it that it covered the entire bottom.  Her hair moved when she did, like it had a mind of her own.
	Dustin appeared in the doorway again, handing her the worn bag, Lets go.
	With one last look in the mirror, she found that she disagreed with him.  She didnt look like a soldier.  She looked daring and tough.  She looked like a girl who was able to make tough decision, and she looked like she could do anything.
	She looked like a warrior.  Austin the warrior.
	You coming? Dustin called from further down.  She flashed her reflection a grin before running to meet her partner, reading for anything.
	
Chapter 45
	Just stay focused.  Stronghams always a tricky place to land, Dustin said, Stay focused, and well be fine.
	Focused, Austin nodded, Right.
	She pictured Strongham, just as she had left it.  The sun would be shining, the people would be loud and happy, and it would smell like wood smoke.  She held her breath and jumped through the trap door, through where floor had been.  The journey felt different this time, not like the icy cold water she had been expecting.  
	She floated, gravity seeming to be pulling at her from all sides.  She swallowed and clenched her eyes shut and she felt arms circle around her.
	Was it bad for you?  Portals always feel different, Dustin said softly, But were here.
	Strongham? she asked breathlessly.  Gravity was pulling from the right direction now, and the air felt right.  She sucked in another breath, her eyes still shut.
	Yeah, Dustin laughed, And look around.  I think youll like the view.
	Slowly, she opened her eyes.  What she saw made her gasp, so surprised that she didnt even mind how tightly Dustins arms were around her.  She was surrounded by bookshelves, all of them filled with old books with human titles and Affelil Original titles.  She broke free of Dustins hold and ran her fingers over the spines of books that she had put away, noticing the dust that had gathered on both the shelves and the floor.
	She stopped, Somethings not right.
	She spun around slowly, taking in everything.  She could tell that Kais shop was empty, save for them, but the shop was too dead for that to be the cause.  Kais laptop was gone, as was his laptop bag, and his lamp was turned off.  All this was to be expected if he was writing somewhere else, like the coffee shop.
	She took in another breath, tasting the thick dust, and that was when she realized it.  She didnt smell tea, Ill be right back.
	She rushed down the stairs and opened the door to the kitchen, where she put a pot of water to boil.  She looked at Dustin in apology, Im sorry, but I need to do this.
	We have time, Dustin assured her, sitting on the table.  She nodded, smiling.
	Thank you, she said softly, watching the water bubble.  She shook tealeaves into Kais favorite pot and poured the hot water into it.  A honey sweet smell filled the cold room, warming it, and she smiled.
	Youre welcome, he was surprised, and she didnt blame him.  She wasnt used to being grateful to him.  He messed with her hair and she felt her cheeks grow hotin irritation, of course.
	Somehow, they made it through Strongham streets unseen.  It was only once theyd reached the prison where Amelia was being held that Dustin paled, concentrating on keeping guards from noticing them.  Austin was grateful for the warm around her, even if he only put it there to make it easier for him.  Physical contact always strengthened abilities.
	Dustin pushed open the doors and they walked past a busy receptionist.  As soon as they turned into an empty hallway, Dustin lurched away from her, gasping, Sorry, but do you know how hard it is to ask people to not notice you when your necklaces sole purpose is to make it so that I cant shield you?
	Should I take it off? she made a move to unclasp the chain, but Dustin stopped her.
	No, we just have to be sneaky, he shrugged, Like ninjas.  Like dragon ninjas on a life or death mission.
	Lets go, she pushed open the doors, revealing rows dark gray, almost transparent walls. She could see figures on the other side sitting or pacing, but they didnt notice her.  She went to touch the surface of the walls and found it to be smooth; it definitely wasnt made of metal, What is this?
	No dragon can break past plastic.  Its too human for our abilities to understand it, Dustin said, taking his knife from her, Now lets split up.  Well find the girl faster.
	Austin opened her mouth to point out that, in shows, splitting up never brought good results, but Dustin was gone before she could say a word.
	Youre not supposed to be here, an older woman said, rounding a corner.  She had on a white shirt, brown pants, and a dark brown sash.  Austin guessed that was the guardian uniform.
	She made up a lie on the spot, something she was getting better at, Actually, I am.  Im a storyteller, and I have permission to tell the chaos halfbloods story.
	People had a strong prejudice for storytellers, she knew, but she had learned that was almost always accompanied by a reluctant respect.  She wondered how far the title would carry her.
	Will I get a good mention if I show you where the cell is? the guard asked, her eyes lightened up.
	Of course, Austin said, grinning, Not many people are nice when they realize Im a storyteller, so I always reward the ones who are.
	Then its right this way, the guard led her past just a few cells and patted the one at the end of the row, the cell nearest to a small window.  She opened the door and nearly pushed Austin inside of it, I have to lock you in, since we cant take any chances with chaos.  Are you okay with that? I mean, I could restrain the chaos girl-
	Its fine, Austin said and pulled the door closed.  She heard the guard lock it, and she turned around.  Her eyes caught on the small girl sitting on the dirty, low bed. She knew this girl.  She had met this girl before, a lifetime ago, but she had.
Chapter 46
	Amelia? her mouth popped open as she stared at the halfblooded air dragon.  The girl looked at her with scared, brown eyes.  She didnt recognize Austin, but she was definitely that girl who had made those amazing cupcakes not too long ago.
	How do you know my name? she asked, her voice small, Are you one of the executioners?
	We prefer to be called superheroes, Austin shrugged.  The door to Amelias plastic cell rattled, and the small girl jumped.
	Are we going, or what? Dustin asked, widening the crack he had made with his knife.  He jammed his knife back into the hinges to the door, Stand back.
	He gave the door a powerful kick and smiled as he stood in the doorway, Yo.
	Amelia looked from him to Austin, recognition lighting up her eyes, I know who you are.
	Do you now? Austin took Amelias hand in hers.
	Youre the girl who tried my desserts, Amelia said, And youre that girls boyfriend.
	Hes not my- Austins face flamed, and a series of coughs interrupted her sentence.
	Shut up, Dustins tanned cheeks reddened.  He peered around the corner and ushered them through until they had reached a small window.  He unlocked it and Austin went through first so that she could help Amelia out.  Dustin crawled out smoothly.
	Are you blushing? she asked, stepping forwards.  He was.
	No, he said.
	How are you two not together yet? Amelia asked.
	Shut up, Austin ordered, and turned to Dustin again, Why are you blushing?
	She needed to know why.  
	A shout interrupted what Dustin was about to say, if he was about to say anything.  One of the guards shouted, The chaos dragon is escaping!
	Two chaos dragons, actually, Dustin laughed, slamming the window shut.  He looked at the two people in front of him and quickly said, Austin take my knife.
	She did as he said, taking it out of his belt, just as he picked up Amelia.  He slung her over his shoulder and started to run along the rooftops.  She followed his lead, just taking care not to fall.  Amelia stayed amazingly pliant as they ran, manageable even when they scaled down a buildings fire escape.  People gave them room, sensing that they were dangerous. Some even cheered.
	Theyre helping the air dragon! a skinny man yelled, spreading the news.  The crowd split into two, some trying to stop them and some helping clear a path.  A man in a guard uniform charged them, his hands already out to grab Amelia.  Without thinking, Austin slashed at him, and he jumped back.  A few earth and fire dragons jumped him, tackling the guard to the ground.  Another took his place.
	Well never make it to the public portals, Dustin said, clenching his teeth as they ran.  Amelia stiffened at his words.
	Kai has one.  He sends his trash to it, she remembered, It goes to Boston.
	Perfect, but well never make it there, either, he informed her bitterly.  He didnt let his words slow him down.  If anything, he quickened his pace, There are too many people.  Why are there so many people?
	The optimistic part of her said that there was definitely a chance no matter how small- that they could make it to a portal.  They just had to get away somehow.  They could climb a fire escape and go from there.  They could do it.
	The realistic part of her knew that they wouldnt be fast enough for that.  With Amelia slung over his shoulder, Dustin was slow.  He would never be able to scale anythingnot even a ladder.  They would be even slower if he put Amelia down.  She was in near hysterics, and she was near starving.
	Youll make it, she promised him.  She was making this a habit; whenever she was around Dustin, she seemed to make rash decisions, Both of you will.
	But this one was necessary.  She was already convinced of it.
	Dustin stared at her, his dragon eyes wide with disbelief.  She gave him a half smileone that she had adopted from him. It was a smile that could defy all odds.
	I am the chaos Halfling, she screamed, splitting off from them.  The crowd took her word for it, too confused to question it, and the crowd shifted around her as she ran in the complete opposite direction.  She tossed her head over her shoulder and watched as Dustin and Amelia disappeared into a side street, only a few people following them.  Dustin could outrun them.
	She ran.  Familiar faces filled the crowd.  A man with a long beard, one that had complimented her for taking a stand on storyteller prejudice, fought to help her escape.  He was the only familiar face in the crowd until she saw Sage, spinning as she took down rioters.  Sage gave her a steady nod.  When they got to a narrow street, Sage skillfully held back the crowd.
	Austin twisted and turned through streets she had been in only once before, getting more lost with every step she took.  Eventually, she tripped, partially hidden by a discarded wooden board.  She spat as she gasped for air, picking herself up once again.
	She heard a loud click, like the sound a disposable camera makes when it takes a picture.  Shed heard the sound only once before, but that was enough to know that it wasnt a camera.  It was the safety of a gun being taken off.
	What a surprise, Aiden said.
Chapter 47
	Is this how it ends? Austin asked, putting her hands on her hips.  She felt the handle of Dustins knife brush against the side of her hand, as if reminding her that it was there, Killed by my best friend?
	I always told you that I wouldnt hesitate if I had to, Aiden was unsteady, his voice rising and falling as he spoke.  His skin was waxy and pale. Was he sick? You never believed me.  And you left, and that ruined everything.
	Sorry, I know.  But a gun? Really? I thought dragons were classier than this, Austin slid her hand down, tightening around the smooth handle of the knife.  She didnt want to use it, but she knew that she could.  She also knew that she would have to.
	Dont you dare. Dont you dare ever quote Dustin again, he was shouting now, his hand shaking.  
Thats right.  He had pulled a gun on Dustin, too.
He lunged at her, forgetting about the unfair advantage that he held, quite literally, in the palm of his hand.  Austin stepped out of his path, as nimble as she could manage, and whipped out the knife twice as fast.  Aidens knuckles were white as they clutched his weapon, remembering once again that he could kill her with no more than a twitch of his fingers.
	Aiden Inferno, she recited the words she had once seen in a book; words that, if he still carried his code of honor, might buy her precious time, I challenge you to a match.
	A match? Im the head of Stronghams army, he reminded her.  He was walking a thin line between disbelief and flat out laughing at her. 
	Austin shook her head, her smile saddening, Not anymore.  I heard that Derrick replaced you.  Youre a soldier now.
	I am the general, he said, not listening to a word she said, But if you want to fight, fine.  Youll die.  You know that, right?
	A fair match was better than dying in an alley.  She wanted their bond to end cleanly.  They wouldnt be able to use the training fields, since she couldnt be seen, but the rules could still apply here, It would be nice if no one had to die.
	Aiden stared at her, squinting as if he couldnt see her clearly, You arent a chaos.
	No, Im not, she agreed, keeping her knife level with his bare throat, You know my name, but I will say it anyway.  My name is Austin Smith, and Aid, I challenge you to a match.
	Again, she had used her teachers last name. They were family, chaos or not.  
	She would have liked to see Mr. Smith again, one last time.  Jess, too.  
	Choose your weapon, he laughed, warming only slightly.  Austin had hoped that they would act like always, but that was impossible.  One of them would die here, but maybe, just maybe, they could part on good terms.
	I choose this, she glanced at the long knife.  Aiden said nothing, but dropped his gun.  He had his short sword out before the metal object hit the ground. They each took a step back, then another.  The alley didnt allow for the regular distance between opponents.
	Three.  Two. One, Aiden counted down slowly, just as he used to, Fight.
	He sliced in her direction, and she twirled away, narrowly avoiding the brick wall.  Her knife glittered in the spots of light that still shone, and it held its own on the rare occasions that it came head to head with Aidens blade.
	Youve gotten faster, he noticed, letting his swords tip fall to the ground.  She didnt fall for the easy opening.  Dustin had taught her better than to fall for a trap like that.
	Thanks, she feigned an attack, falling back as he stabbed at her, Ive had a lot of teachers. And I waitressed.
	Her arm came up on instinct, and he cursed.  She looked at the knife with wide eyes.  It was dripping with something red. Blood?  Austin felt like both throwing up and laughing; she had actually managed to hit him.  Then he staggered back, and she decided to do neither of those options.  She balanced on the tip of her toes, waiting.
	He clutched at the arm holding his sword, and she could see blood staining the fabric where she had cut him.  That was a lot of blood.
	He smiled, his teeth showing in a scary kind of way, before charging at her. He knocked the knife out of her hands, and she heard it hit the wall a few feet away.  He pushed her against the wall and trailed the tip of his sword against her neck before she could process what was happening, Lucky hit.  The chaos taught you well.
	Two new voices started to shout. The first was familiarexpected, even.
	Let her go, Dustin barked, running towards her.  Austin squirmed and felt the sting of the sword as it bit into her neck.  She stopped moving, not wanting to accidentally kill herself.  Still, she didnt want to put her life in Dustins hands.  He was always so emotional when it came to her.
	The second voice was haunted, but final, as if its owner has already resigned itself to the fate before him, Austin?
	Hey Kai, her blood was hot as it trickled down her neck.  Aiden moved so that it rested higher, level with her Adams apple, Long time no see.
	You cut your hair, he said, It looks good.
	Dustin cut in, I was the one to cut her hair.
	Shut up.  Kai, you are going to turn around and act like nothing happened, Aiden ordered.  Footsteps followed his commands, but they grew nearer instead of walking away.
	Am I? Kai asked, and suddenly the sword was free from her throat.  Dustin had Aiden in a chokehold, struggling to keep the man from killing anyone, and Kai dragged Austin away, Sorry Aiden, but I never did like following your orders, and now I dont even have to.
	Traitor, Aiden hissed, breaking free from Dustin.  He lunged towards Kai, bringing out his sword again.  Dustin tensed, but Kai was unaware of the throat.  His eyes were glued to her, his hands on her shoulders as he checked to make sure she wasnt fatally injured. Aiden came closer, his Nike sneakers digging into the crushed rock under his feet.
	Austins hand felt along the ground, and she felt the tip of something smooth.  Her hand closed around it, and Aiden was on top of them. She looked up, her eyes locking with his emerald green ones, and stuck out what she had in her hand, facing the end towards him.  Her fingers closed around it, tightening. 
	She did not hold a knife in her hands.
	She wanted to live, and she would do anything to make sure she did.  Her mind was icy cold in its resolve.
Click.
Bang.
	The gun jolted in her grip as it unleashed its load, and she dropped it to the ground.  This had all happened in a matter of seconds, too slow for Kai to completely comprehend the situation.  His arms froze around her.
	Aiden fell.
	Aiden? she took an uncertain step forwards, pushing Kai out of the way.  Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Dustin put a hand on Kais chest, stopping him from coming towards her.  She pried her eyes from the safe places, places relatively untouched by blood, and looked directly in front of her.
	Aiden was kneeling, looking at how his shirt was darkening, stained with blood.  He put his hand on the small, circular tear.  Then his gaze trailed to what had started it allhis gun. 
	Austin, he wheezed, looking at her now.  His eyes were sane.  Clear. Austin crawled closer, close enough to catch his head before it hit the ground.  Her hands ran through his silky, unkempt hair as she laid his head down to the rocky groundnot sure if she was allowed to touch him.  She never looked away from his wide-eyed stare.
	Her mouth curled into a sad smile, I won.
	No one in Affelil would ever dare use a gun against someone, and god knows why Aiden had one in the first place. 
	Im proud, he promised her, a lie.  How could he ever forgive her?  Austin had just broken one of the strictest laws in Affelil.  His face became stony, emotionless, Yeah.
	I never thought I would, she told him.  It was true.  No chaos or Halfling had ever gone face to face with him and lived.  Then again, none had ever pulled a gun on him, either.
	Neither did I, he said, But you know that I cant let you roam the streets of my city. Youre dangerous, Austin.
	He raised a hand to touch her cheek, but it rapidly changed course.  His hand latched onto the chain that hung from Austins neck.  The chain tugged into her tender and bleeding skin before it gave way, snapping.  Aiden held it in his calloused hand, and the charm fell to the ground.  Austin stared at the broken chain the slid down to her lap, knowing all too well that her mind was completely vulnerable. Aidens gaze held her like a snake.
	Sleep, he commanded: his dying word.  She tried to fight it.  She tried with everything she had.  She fought to push away the fog that entered her mind, blurring everything it touched.  It filled her mind, glazing over her eyes.  She felt hands on her shoulders (Kais hands) and hands cradling her face (Dustins, she guessed).   Aidens eyes, dragon eyes that swirled in the dying light, still trapped her.
	Her own eyes grew lackluster and all expression slid off her face.  She didnt follow Aidens order, and he couldnt have expected her too.
	She stopped.  Everything just stopped, everything but the most necessary functions to keep her alive.
	Austin Smith fell limply to the ground, just as the man in front of her did the same.
Chapter 48
	Poor girl got knocked out in the riot, Kai was explaining to everyone who asked, putting together a convincing poker face, Ill take her to the shop and make her a cup of tea.
	That story got them to his shop untouched, and Dustin laid her on one of the couches in the reading room.  Dustin gripped her hands in his own, his face ashen.
	This wasnt supposed to happen, he whispered.  Kai pushed him out of the way, and he stood still.  Kai ran his hands over Austins injuries, leaving healed skin in his wake.  Her neck was left pale and unmarked, and he moved up to her head, holding both sides of her face.  Her auburn eyes, more brown than red, were open and staring but didnt see anything before her.
	Amelia crept out from where Dustin had hidden her and took a step forwards, staring at Austins unresponsive body, Is she dead?
	Shes breathing, Kai answered, Shes not dead if shes breathing.
	Can you fix her? Dustin asked, his throat tight.  Kai gave his head one small shake, but that was enough to convey what needed said.  No, he could not.  This was not something that water dragons could fix.  Dustin swallowed and blinked quickly.  He took Amelias hand in his, Come with me.  Ill take you to a safe place.
	He left Kai, shocked and still, in the reading room, but took both the girls.  He brought them to the door by the kitchen, one he had snuck through several times to check on Austin (what good that had done!).
He carried Austin bridal style through the portal with Amelia jumping through after him, sucking in her breath as she went through a portal for what could only be the second time. He couldnt find any happiness in completing the mission, in saving the life of this stranger. Austin was heavy in his arms, and the small girl was running around, smiling over her newfound freedom.
	He took Amelia to Evans door.  The air dragon stood on the top step and turned to thank Dustin, but her eyes found Austins body first. Amelia stared at the shallow rise and fall of Austins chest, the unconscious part of her pale lips. The smile dropped off the girls face.
 The door opened almost immediately.  Evan had been expecting them all, since his house was the most heavily fortified in Boston.
The waiters flat eyes sought Austins form, and he knew instantly what had happenedor, at least, the gist of the situation. Dustin knew that this wasnt the first time that Evan had seen a halfbloods mind turned to mush.
He mumbled something that sounded like the word contract but then said clearly, Im sorry, Dustin.  She was a good kid. Fun to talk to.
	Shes not dead, he snapped, Justtake care of Amelia.  Shes an air dragon.
	Yes, Evan agreed, bending down to Amelias height, Are you hungry?
	Amelia nodded and Evan put an arm around the girls shoulders.  He closed the door behind them, and Dustin walked home, ignoring the suspicious looks from strangers on the street.  His head dropped as he kicked open the door to their apartment, laying her on the bed.
	He would bring her to a hospital tomorrow, but not anywhere near Boston.  They would look here for her.  If she were anywhere in Boston, they would find her, and she wouldnt be able to defend herself.
	Dustin sucked in a few shallow breaths and dropped his head into his hands, preparing for a long, long night.
Chapter 49
	Kai sat on the edge of his desk, his long legs stretched out in front of him, I saw it happen, but I told you.  I dont know anything.  Well, I dont know anything other than what I told Sage.  Shes putting together the report for this incident to tell the higher ups.
	The shop was dim, lit only by the cheap lamp on his desk.  Through the dark, Kais gaze rested on the attractive man that stood in front of him, Is that what Im supposed to believe? You were involved with the girl, the Halfling.
	Kai pinched the bridge of his nose, frowning, Derrick, I can promise you two things.  One, she did not get out of Strongham alone.  Dustin the one who killed Chelsea, mind you- helped her, not me.  And two, I wasnt as involved with her as much as you seem to think.
	Derrick nodded, seemingly appeased, So you didnt have anything to do with Aidens death or the girls escape?
	Ive killed once.  You know me well enough to know Im not exactly jumping at the chance to do it again, his voice grew bitter, then sad, And Derrick, I watched it happen.  She was a Halfling; have you ever seen a Halfling break? It was like she died.
	I know, Derrick took a step forward, I know, Kai. I know that youre hurting, but I have to be thorough.  Its my job to investigate all chaos movements, now that Aidens gone. Brandon has things planned, andwell, I have to be thorough.
	Kai pushed down his upsetting feelings, something he had recently learned to do quite well, and grinned, When you knocked on my door so late in the evening, I didnt think that this is what wed be doing.
	What did you think, then? Derrick asked, feigning ignorance.
	Kai stood up, I figured that wed be doing something more physical than an interrogation.
	Kai, Derricks smile slid off his face, I would love to.  Oh wow, you know I would.
	But? Kai prompted, irritated.  He wasnt used to rejection, especially not from Derrick.
	But youre a mess, Derrick gestured at him, That girl left a month ago, and you havent gotten any better.  Every day, you type away, but your words are flat.  You never button you shirt correctly, your glasses are crooked, and, if you thought I hadnt noticed, youre crying.
	Kai touched his face and found that Derrick was only half right.  His eyes werent the driest, sure, but the tears hadnt spilled over.  They never did, not anymore.
	Derrick wrapped his arms around Kais thin frame, Its okay, Kai.
	Its like she died, Kai said, surprising himself.  He swallowed, She is my best friend.
	Was, Derrick reminded him softly, She was your best friend.
	Was, Kai repeated. He never had the opportunity to apologize to her.  He had lied to her about so many important things.
	She died thinking that her mother was a good person.
	He had lied to his best friend. Austin had reduced him to taking his ancestors name in vainwhat next? What else could she possibly change in him?
	I he said, feeling hot tears crawl under her eyelids and then have the audacity to spill over. He wiped them away with an angry jerk of his hand.
	Derrick took his hand and pulled it away, staring deep into Kais face, Its okay. Kai, its okay.

Chapter 50
	Three months later in South Chicago, Austin sat upright in a stiff hospital bed with her hands lying limply in her lap.  She gave no sign that she had noticed the door open, or the boy now kneeling in front of her.  
	Dustins voice hitched as he took one off her hands in his own, Aussy, its me again.
	He paused.  If he was waiting for a response, he would be disappointed.  He tightened his lips into a straight line so that he wouldnt cry.  He had to be strong, for her, I know that youre going to hate me if this works.  I know that.  But this isnt fair.
	Youre too important to waste away, as he spoke, he rose so that his face was level with hers, Aussy, Im not letting you get away from me, not like this.  Do me a favor and let me win, just this once.
	Please.  Just please, let me bring you back.  Aussy, I like you, he laughed wildly, the sound echoing in the quiet room.  Something in him broke as he said that.  He knew that love could be a curse.  Somewhere deep down, he knew this wasnt going to work.  His heart was what was breaking, and he could feel the familiar numbness spreading through his body, Give me a chance to fall in love with you.  Please.
	He forced the numbness away and put all his focus on the girl in front of him.  He slowly leaned forwards and pressed his lips to Austins.  She didnt react.
	He could have easily passed the chaos energy through interlocked hands or a hug, as most chose to do.  This was stronger, though.  A kiss felt more intimate, more passionate, and more likely to work than just holding hands.  
	The dark energy moved freely between the two, and Dustins tattoos swirled onto Austins skin as proof of the transfer.  Austin of Fire, most of the words said, The Girl Who Fought Until the End.  Most of the words disappeared into her as quickly as they had come, but other swirls, which looked like strokes from a thick paintbrush, took their place.
	Cmon sleeping beauty, he broke off the kiss and stared at her, looking for any response at all.  He got none.  The next time he spoke, he was directing his words at the darkness itself, Please.  She doesnt need any special powers.  She just needs to come back.  Bring her back to me, please.
	Austins eyes still looked ahead blankly, unseeing.
	Please, he whispered again, begging now. Again, he kissed her unmoving lips.  He still pushed his energy into her, but this time, the kiss was gentle.  With every long second that passed, the kiss turned more and more into a goodbye.
	Please, he repeated himself, staring at the black marks sinking under her skin evidence that the transformation was complete.  He had done nothing but condemn her to a painful death, but one that she would be unable to feel.  She was as good as dead already.
	Austin was gone.
	He cradled her corpselike body in his arms, trying to find signs of the girl he once knew.  She didnt feel the same this way, with her body giving at the slightest pull or push.  She wasnt Austin anymore, Aussy, I dont know what to do.
	Something wet spilled out of Dustins eyes, but he didnt wipe it away.  There was no one around to keep his image up for.  The emotion spilled out of his face, and slowly, the tears stopped.
He let go of the lifeless body and his shoes barely whispered against the ground as he walked to the door.  As he rested his hand on the edge of the doorframe, he looked back.  Austins body faced his direction, and she stared right through him.
	Damn, he snapped, not caring who he woke up.  He didnt care about being seen.  He. Did. Not. Care.  He slammed his fist into the wall and felt blood on his hand, but he didnt care about the pain, either.  
	Damn, he said, softer.  His shoulders dropped and he stepped out of the room.  A young male nurse was walking towards him with a scowl on his face, probably wondering what a teenage boy was doing in a teenage girls room so late at night.  As the nurse came closer, Dustin suddenly felt the familiar weight of a knife slide out of his pocket and into his hand. It was his knife, the one that Austin had taken such a liking to.
	It would be so much easier to kill the nurse.  It would be a quiet death.  No records in this dimension could link him to the crime.  He would steal Austin away and hide her somewhere new, in a different state.  He twirled the knife in his fingers, but he was facing in such a way that the nurse couldnt see.
	Then, through the cold numbness in Dustins mind, through the still open door, and through everything that condemned this miracle, Dustin heard a voice.
	Dont call me Aussy.
Acknowledgments
	When Jillian first read my writing, it was crap.  We both knew it, but she still encouraged me to write more.  Whenever I was going to give up on an idea, shed have me write more.  She never stopped encouraging me.
	My Juniors kept me sane through the writing process, too. Jenevieve, in all of her short glory, was always encouraging me (even though she only found out about the book in the final days of editing). Michael was helping in the process from the start, giving an outside opinion for the very first chapters; more than that, he was there for a helping hand for whatever I needed help with.
	The people in my own grade, besides Jillian, have always been there to encourage me with my writing. Emily was always there for a half sarcastic compliment, and she even offered to give me some free publicity for the jumble of words that preceded this acknowledgment page. Debbie edited the jumble of words and told me how to make them better. Caitlin stood as both a potential buyer and a friend who was always there if I ever needed someone to be slightly normal around.
	Chuck Wendig is the final person Id like to thank, even though he will probably never see this mention.  Hes a busy man, after all.  Hes also my role model.  He runs a blog, he writes, and he has such great, profanitive wisdom that I learned from.  His articles brightened up my days and encouraged me to write.  I told myself hey, Im going to be like him someday and by actually writing a book, I think I did just that.
 	Wow, guysthanks. To everyone I mentioned and everyone I didnt, thank you so much. If it werent for you people, I doubt that this book would have ever been written.



