Into the Spiral
Spiral Defenders Series: Book One
by Erin Danzer

Into The Spiral
By Erin Danzer

Published by Erin Danzer for Smashwords

Copyright 2014 Erin Danzer

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty One
Chapter Twenty Two
Chapter Twenty Three
Chapter Twenty Four
Chapter Twenty Five
Chapter Twenty Six
Chapter Twenty Seven
Chapter Twenty Eight
Chapter Twenty Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty One
Chapter Thirty Two
Chapter Thirty Three
Defending the Spiral
Acknowledgments
About the Author
Chapter One

Happy birthday to me, seventeen-year-old Veronica Ronnie Lambert whispered to herself. A smile lifted the corners of her mouth as her eyes fell on the picture of a black triple spiral on the wall. The spikes and barbs decorating the spiral marked it as Garys work; everything he drew was tribal in some way. She sensed someone over her shoulder and grinned when she looked up to find the artist of her chosen design. Gary stood a few inches taller than her, hovering around six feet tall. She would have found him cute if she was into the bald, tattooed and wiry typeand if she hadnt known him her entire life.
I want this one, she declared with a finger on the drawing.
I knew youd choose that one, he admitted with an easy smile. Come on back.
Ronnie followed him to his station in the corner, glancing around at the other patrons while they walked. Oak Street Ink was busier than usual; at least a dozen other people waited to get inked. Ronnie felt lucky Gary had the time to do this for her.
Do you have the slip? he asked when they reached his chair. Ronnie dug into the pocket of her white shorts and pulled out the folded permission slip. He opened it, looked at her moms signature and glanced at her. Her stomach dipped to her toes as she waited for him to speak. The last thing she needed was for him to go to her brother, Brian, or even her parents to validate the signature.
Is this real? he asked with a cocked eyebrow. Ronnie bristled, anger coloring her cheeks as she realized he was trying not to laugh. There was nothing funny about this situation. Even though she was only a year away from not needing that piece of paper, she knew her parents would yell and grumble if they found out about this.
Does it matter? she snapped at him. He raised his hands in mock surrender, his brown eyes twinkling with mirth. Her anger quickly vanished, replaced by embarrassment as she remembered all the times Gary teased her since he and Brian met when she was six.
Im sorry, she whispered a moment later, her brown eyes on her toes.
Gary sighed. Whatever. Its real enough for me. Have a seat, he finally told her, reaching out to tug on a strand of her black hair, another thing hed been doing since she was six. Ronnie lifted her head and offered a tentative smile as she straddled the black leather and chrome chair. She glanced around again before quickly removing her shirt and covering her chest as she leaned against the back of the chair. She was still a minor and wasnt even supposed to be in here without a parent; flashing some of the other customers would just make more trouble if anyone found out. 
She took a deep breath and slowly let it out, willing herself to relax. Gary promised her a hundred times it wouldnt hurt that much, and that it would be more like an annoying hum against her skin. Unfortunately, hearing about it and experiencing it were two completely different things.
You sure about this? Gary asked as his latex gloves snapped into place. Ronnie draped her hair over her left shoulder, looking back at him over her right. She knew he was just looking out for her, probably as part of his allegiance to Brian, but she was tired of having this conversation. She knew what she wanted.
Yes, Im sure. I havent been haunting this place all summer for my health. she stated. My body; my mind; my life.
As she said the words, Ronnie realized the triple spiral was the perfect symbol for her new beginning. Getting this tattoo was the first step to regaining control over herself, her mind and ultimately, her life. Brian was finally off to college, out of the house and her school. No more would she only be seen as Brians little sister. Her parents and everyone around her would have to see her as the young woman she was becoming. She bit her lower lip, hiding a smile as she settled against the back of the chair again. If everything worked out the way she wanted, shed have a new boyfriend soon, too.
Gary sighed and then nodded. He knew what Mrs. Lambert was like, always deeming what was appropriate for Ronnie to say, wear and do. He looked at her now, at the fierce determination in her brown eyes, and was almost surprised it took her this long to come up with getting the tattoo. With another nod, he set about gathering what he needed. 
Ronnie placed her head on a rolled up towel and tried not to flinch a moment later when Gary swabbed something cold onto the skin between her shoulder blades, where she wanted her tattoo applied. She closed her eyes and forced herself to relax as Gary began. She found the hum of the needle oddly relaxing and didnt move when it touched her skin. Her mind raced with what was happening. She became hyperaware of her back as Gary worked on the tattoo, the needle scrawling across her skin. Before she knew it, he stopped working and sat back. She turned her head to look at him over her shoulder as he slathered something cool over the irritated skin.
How is it? she asked Gary.
See for yourself, he replied and handed her a hand mirror. He held a second mirror up behind her and Ronnie held hers up to see her tattoo. The black triple spiral sat in a sea of red puckered skin between her shoulder blades, glistening with whatever had been put on it. She didnt want to stop staring at it but all too soon, Gary took the mirror from her, put both aside, and bandaged her new mark. Giddiness bubbled up inside of her as she pulled on her t-shirt and stood a minute later.
Let me wash up and then you can pay and get out of here, Gary said. Ronnie nodded, continuing to grin like a fool. She reached back to feel the gauze covering her new mark, unable to believe it was real. She had a tattoo. Her best friend, Andi Gillespie, was going to freak when she saw it. A small squeal escaped her lips, making Gary chuckle as he led her towards the register to pay.
After emptying her pocketbook of a considerable amount of her birthday money and giving her all the instructions to care for her new mark, Gary hugged Ronnie and wished her a happy birthday before letting her go. After checking how much money she had left, she glanced at the clock on her phone and decided some shopping was in order. She needed a new outfit to showcase her new tattoo.
Her cheeks flushed and a huge grin stretched across her face when Ronnie saw she missed a text message from Shawn Lockhart, another best friend and the boy she hoped would be her boyfriend soon. He wished her happy birthday. She texted him back while she walked down the street, her feet knowing their way around the small sporting community of Wind Lake without her brain having to tell them where to go. She asked him how he liked being in Florida. Her phone chimed a moment later with his response; 
Its great. I even got you a birthday present, hed written. Ronnie tripped over her feet as she read the message. Her mind whirled with possibilities as she wondered what he got her; usually he only bought gifts for her when she could point them out in advance. Anticipation rushed through her as she wrote back that she couldnt wait to see it.
Located downtown a few blocks from the lake, The Shop Stop was Ronnies favorite place to find the latest fashions. Bells tinkled overhead as she entered the shop and Ronnie was thankful for the cool, dimly lit interior. Brenda, the store owner, greeted her from behind the counter. Ronnie grinned and waved as she crossed to a wall of new merchandise. 
Hey, birthday girl, Brenda greeted Ronnie as she met her by the new clothes.
Ronnie grinned. Hey, Brenda.
Here to spend the last of your money? Brendas eyes twinkled with amusement.
I hope so.
An hour later, after trying on several pieces, Ronnie left the shop with two bags of treasures. A white halter top and ruffled black mini skirt would show off her new tattoo perfectly on Monday, the first day of her junior year at Wind Lake High School. A grin stretched across her face. Everything was going to be different this year. 
Ronnie walked to her car at the curb outside The Shop Stop, where she parked before walking the two blocks to get her tattoo. She unlocked the green Camry and stowed her bags in the backseat before sliding in behind the wheel. As she started the car, she squealed and the giggled, stomping her feet on the floorboard and shaking her head. So far, this birthday rated the best ever. She couldnt wait to go to school Monday and show off her new mark. She couldnt wait for everyone to realize Ronnie Lambert was her own person.
The short drive down Long Lake Road ended at the two-story log cabin her parents built five years ago. She parked next to her parents minivan and climbed out. After grabbing her bags from the back, she headed inside. Sounds of chaos reached her ears as she neared the front door. She frowned as she shifted her bags to one hand and walked inside. Her dad yelled something from somewhere deeper in the house as her mother rushed around the living room. Her mothers blonde hair, usually perfectly coifed, dangled around her face, half out of pink curlers. 
I found it! her dad called out. Ronnies mouth fell open as her mom squealed and ran from the room, not even acknowledging Ronnies appearance. She headed up the stairs to her bedroom, shaking her head.  Her parents were weird. 
Ronnie yelped when she walked into her room and found Andi sitting on her bed waiting for her, looking perfectly at home amidst the light yellow walls, flowers on the desk and frilly white eyelet comforter perfectly spread across her bed.
Happy birthday! Andi yelled as she wrapped Ronnie in a stifling hug. Ronnie tensed and tried to wiggle out of her strong grasp.
Ow, she said. Andi finally stepped back, a grin still on her face.
Can I see it? Andi bounced on the balls of her feet. Ronnie grinned, turned around, and pulled up the back of her shirt.
Just be careful. It hurts, Ronnie told her. Her skin pulled as Andi slowly removed the tape and then lifted the gauze Gary had put over her tattoo. A new smile stretched across Ronnies face when Andi gasped.
Its gorgeous, Andi declared.
Thanks. Now cover it up before it gets infected. Id hate to waste all that money.
Andi did as she was told. Ronnie straightened her shirt and turned back to her best friend. Andis eyes fell on the shopping bags now at her feet.
Looks like youve been busy, Andi commented. Ronnie shrugged as she sat on the edge of her bed. Andi bounded over and sat next to her, smoothing her short blonde bob back into place. 
I had some money left over from my tattoo, Ronnie admitted.
Why didnt you call me? Andi pouted, somehow managing to keep the hurt out of her voice. Ronnie felt a little guilty but then pushed it aside. She had a right to do things on her own, too. Even if it was her birthday, she didnt need to do everything with her best friends.
Because I wanted to do this on my own, she told Andi, who considered this a moment and then smiled as she nodded.
Okay, but I could have saved you some of your money. I was going to take you shopping this afternoon.
Sorry. Ronnie pushed aside more guilt and changed the subject. Whats going on with my parents? The sound of her mom yelling something carried up the stairs.
I dont know; it was pretty chaotic when I got here, so I just snuck upstairs, Andi admitted with a shrug. 
Wheres your car? Ronnie asked as she bent down and rummaged through the clothes in one of the bags at her feet.
At home. We live three blocks apart and Im not driving tonight, so I didnt think I would need it. Of course, if I had known you were going shopping, I would have met you at The Shop.
Im sorry I didnt call you. Well go next weekend.  She lifted a light blue sun dress from the bag. The asymmetrical skirt fluttered around her knees and empire waist emphasized her chest. She grinned as she held it up for Andis inspection. This is what Im wearing tonight.
Oh, its perfect! Andi exclaimed and both girls giggled. Ronnie agreed and they jumped to their feet to get ready for dinner.
An hour later, Ronnie and Andi were ready to go. Ronnie paired the light blue sun dress with a white shrug and white sandals. She left her hair flowing down her back, brushing it until it shone in the sunlight filtering in through the open window. Andi borrowed a long, black skirt and layered teal and fuchsia camisoles to wear with the white and teal sandals she wore everywhere. By the time Ronnies dad called them down to go to dinner, both girls were anxious to get going.
Happy birthday, Pumpkin, her dad said, giving Ronnie a one-armed hug and a peck on the cheek. She tried not to tense as his arm brushed over her tattoo. She would really have to be careful until it healed; the last thing she needed was for her parents to find out about it.
Still ready to go stargazing after dinner? her dad asked as he released her. Neptune is going to be visible.
Ronnie smiled and nodded. Her dad was a total geek when it came to the stars and had been teaching her and Brian about the different constellations and how to spot the various planets that came into their view throughout the year since they were both barely out of diapers. She enjoyed having the time with him, even though she thought she was getting a little old for it now.
As long as Mother Nature cooperates, Ronnie agreed. It rained the last three nights. She hoped the clouds would clear to see Neptune tonight.
Happy birthday, dear, her mom added, also giving her another hug. Is that new?
Yeah, I just bought it today with some of my money, Ronnie replied and looked from one parent to the other, thinking they both looked anxious, maybe even a little nervous. She wondered what was going on. Shed gotten her present from them at breakfast. What surprise could they have in store for her now?
It looks nice. Her moms eyes roamed her new dress, making Ronnie squirm and wish she could show off the new tattoo underneath. Instead, Ronnie exchanged a quick eye roll with Andi and thanked her mom.
Well, lets get going, her dad said. The girls cheered as they followed him out to the garage.
Her parents drove to The Lake House for dinner, an upscale restaurant situated right on the shore of Wind Lake. The restaurant boasted high ceilings with dark exposed beams and wagon wheel chandeliers with crystals and hundreds of real candles. Every table was set with white linens, flowers and candles and had a great view of the lake. There were even tables outside for those who wanted to eat out on the lake when the weather was good.
Right this way; a member of your party has already arrived, the hostess said as she picked up a handful of menus and led them into the indoor seating area. Ronnies heart thumped as she thought about Shawn. Maybe this was the present he told her about. Maybe he flew home early to surprise her. She glanced at Andi and grinned. Her grin faltered when they arrived at their table and found Brian already seated. He stood up when they approached and immediately stepped forward to hug Ronnie.
Happy birthday, little sis, he said as he hugged her. She grimaced as she halfheartedly put her arms around him. All of her hopes for dinner flew out the window as her mom pulled Brian out of her arms to give him a hug. Ronnie stood there woodenly, ignoring the chair her dad held out for her, staring at her mother fawning over her brother like Brian had been gone a month instead of only a week. This was supposed to be her dinner, her time with Mom and Dadnot her time with Mom, Dad and her super-wonderful-can-do-nothing-wrong brother. 
Ronnie jumped when a hand landed on her shoulder. She looked up at Andi, who mouthed Im sorry and had sympathy in her blue eyes. Andi knew this was the last thing Ronnie wanted for her birthday. Just once, she wanted to be the center of attention. Ronnie blinked tears out of her eyes as she gave her best friend a slight nod. None of this was Andis fault.
Come on, lets sit down, Andi said gently. With her lips pressed tight in a barely concealed scowl towards her mom and brother, Ronnie threw herself into the chair her dad still held out for her.
Thanks, Dad, Ronnie grumbled as she crossed her arms. This was becoming the worst birthday ever. The only thing that could make it worse was if it stormed again tonight and she got struck by lightning.

Chapter Two

Seventeen candles adorned the top of the pink and white frosted chocolate cake. Ronnie glared at her brother and mother through the wall of tiny flames. News from Brians first week back at Dartmouth overshadowed the entire dinner. How were the dorms? Had he made any friends yet? Ronnie fought the urge to scream at her parents that no oneespecially hercared about any of that! This day was supposed to be about her.
Everyone sang Happy Birthday and she made her wish. I wish I was a different person, she thought as she blew out all of the candles. Her tattoo tingled between her shoulder blades. She reached up to touch the white gauze covering it. A small smile stole over her face as she remembered she had done something earlier only one person at the table would approve of. Some of her anger dissipated as she lowered her hand and grinned at Andi as her mom handed her a large piece of cake. Andi returned her grin.
Ronnie and Andi headed out of the restaurant before her parents and brother. They stopped near the van and Ronnie looked up into the darkening sky. Her eyes roamed over the planets she could see. She recognized Neptune in the northern sky, looking like a small, bright star, brighter than the stars around it. Four other vivid stars, one glowing red, caught her eye. She frowned as she counted them a second time.
Andi tilted her head as she scrutinized Ronnie. Whats up?
Ronnie shook her head as she counted the planets again. How many planets do you see up there? she whispered.
Um, five; why? Andi replied uncertainly.
My dad said theres only supposed to be Neptune. Where did the other planets come from?
What are you girls looking at? her dad asked as he wandered away from her brother and mom. Ronnie looked down, but not before her dad looked up. Would you look at that? Very interesting. Did you see all the extra planets up there tonight?
Yeah, its weird. Ronnie shrugged. Can we go home now?
Yeah, your mom is just saying goodbye to Brian. Her dad frowned as he pulled his gaze from the sky. His brow wrinkled as he looked at Ronnie. It was okay that your mom invited him, wasnt it, Pumpkin? You know how your mother is.
Yeah, Dad, its fine. I like seeing Brian. Its totally cool, she lied with a forced smile. She didnt want to start a fight or hurt her dads feelings. He just said Brian being here was her mothers fault. She shouldnt take her anger out on him.
All right; if youre sure. He looked uneasy as he kissed her cheek and moved away as her mom finally joined them. Tears filled the womans eyes and she clutched her husbands arm. Ronnie glanced around and frowned when she realized Brian was already gone. He hadnt even said goodbye. No wonder her mom was a mess. Ronnie stifled a sigh and turned towards the car. It was time to forget about the extra planets in the sky and go home.
Im going to grace you all with my presence for the rest of the night, Andi announced when they arrived home. Ronnie grinned at her best friend. 
Thank you, Ronnie said as she hugged Andi, grateful for how well Andi understood dinner sucked for her. The girls raced up to Ronnies room and changed into pajama pants and t-shirts. Ronnie sat at her vanity table while Andi sat at the end of her bed watching her. They grinned at each other in the mirror.
Oh, I didnt tell you, Shawn texted me today, Ronnie nonchalantly commented as she wiped makeup from her face with a moist towelette. She laughed as she watched Andi wiggle her eyebrows in the mirror.
How could you conveniently forget to tell me about that? Andi teased, making Ronnie blush. She put down the towelette and tossed Andi her cell phone. Butterflies ran rampant in Ronnies stomach as she watched her best friend scroll through her conversation with Shawn. Although they never hid anything from each other, a part of Ronnie wanted to keep her conversation with Shawn private. Ronnie threw away the towelette, picked up her brush and began running it through her waist-length, straight, black hair while she waited for Andi to finish. Andi beamed as she set the phone on the vanity table.
So, he got you something, Andi commented. And you werent there to pick it out for him. I wonder what it could be. Andis eyes got comically large as she jumped up and stared Ronnie in the face, their noses inches apart. Ronnie recoiled and flung her arm backwards, hitting the mirror with her brush.
Maybe he got you jewelry or a gift certificate to your favorite store. Or maybe he bought you a journal and wrote a really sweet message on the first page, confessing his undying love for you and begging you to end his misery by being his girlfriend. Andi dramatically grasped her chest, her blue eyes dreamy. Ronnie burst out laughing, setting her brush down, and moved to sit next to Andi, still shaking with laughter.
Youre crazy, Ronnie declared. Youre absolutely certifiable if you think Shawn is ever going to be that romantic, let alone be secretly in love with me.
What? It could happen.
And pigs could fly some day. Ronnie rolled her eyes and shook her head. Youre crazy, she repeated, giving Andi a gentle shove. Andi lost her balance and slid off the end of the bed, landing with a thump on the floor at Ronnies feet. Both girls giggled as Ronnie dropped down to the floor to sit next to her best friend. She bit her lower lip as she crossed her arms, her gaiety replaced by uncertainty.  Her brows furrowed as she lifted her head to look at Andi.
So, I got this new tattoo and my brother wont be at school with me this year. Do you really think I can be my own person? Do you think I can make people see me as someone other than Brians little sister?
If by people, you mean a certain hunky, though oblivious best friend of ours, yes, Andi replied and Ronnie smiled. A rumble of thunder through the open window had both girls on their feet and Ronnie crossed the room to check it out. Dark storm clouds quickly rolled across the night sky. Ronnie grimaced as she closed her window.
Great, just what I need, she grumbled. You know, I did think when I saw Brian at dinner that getting struck by lightning was all I needed to complete this day.
It wasnt that bad; you did get a tattoo today and you got to have dinner with me, Andi pointed out. Ronnie nodded.
True, but its rained almost every night this week. I was hoping it would stop. She let out a huff, her shoulders slumped. So what should we do now?
Andi glanced at the window as another rumble of thunder sounded. I guess we could go downstairs and watch a movie.
Sounds great. 
Ronnie and Andi grabbed extra blankets from Ronnies closet and pillows from her bed and brought them down to the den. They laid everything out on the floor before deciding on a movie to watch. Because it was her birthday, Andi let Ronnie pick. Ronnie finally decided on a romantic comedy she hadnt seen in a while. They lay on the floor between their blankets and watched. Ronnie tried to ignore the window-rattling thunder and sizzling lightning, but soon it got to be too much and she couldnt concentrate on the movie. She stood up and crossed to the only window in the room, situated over her dads desk. Rain lashed at the window and lightning blinded her momentarily. A bolt of lightning suddenly struck the ground at the lakes edge outside her house and she screamed.
Oh my god! Ronnie jumped back from the window. She tripped over the chair behind her dads desk and ended up sprawled on the floor just below the window sill.
Get away from the window, her mom shrieked as she ran into the room. Another lightning bolt slammed to the ground in their backyard. Ronnie scrambled to her feet, thinking Mother Nature targeted their house as her mom grabbed her and Andi, pulling both girls out of the room.
We have to get into the cellar before the house gets struck, her mom instructed and Ronnie numbly nodded. Her body acted on autopilot as they followed the woman through the house. Her mom had always been a little crazy about storms, even though her dad said the steel supports in the frame of the house wouldnt attract lightning. Now she worried her dad had been wrong.
Another bolt of lightning crashed into the ground, shaking the frame of the house. Ronnie and Andi screamed. Her mom told them to keep moving. The front door swung wildly on its hinges in the fierce gusts of wind. Ronnie barely made out the figure of her dad by the open cellar door through the rain and swinging door.
Go! Get out of here! Ronnie yelled as she pushed Andi to run faster and was relieved when Andi stumbled out into the rain soaked night towards her dad. Ronnie had a moment to look out at her parents and best friend before the sky lit up with the next bolt of lightning. 
Veronica! Her mom screamed as Ronnies foot pushed off from the metal door stop but it was too late. An electrical current shot through her as she stumbled out of the house, falling to the ground and twitching as she passed out.

Chapter Three

Rain splashed her face and lightning flashed overhead. Ronnie blinked against the onslaught of rain as she struggled to wake. The ground shook underneath her with the pounding of heavy feet running everywhere. Red and blue flashing lights streaked across her vision. She tried to lift a hand to protect her eyes from the rain, but her limbs wouldnt move. Her heart raged against her ribs as panic set in. She turned her head and saw someone sitting next to her, his blue jacket marking him as an EMT. His lips moved but she couldnt hear anything. She tried to shake her head, but the world spun and blackness overcame her once more.
When Ronnie awoke again, she lay in a long bed with a green blanket pulled up to her chin. White walls surrounded her on three sides and a curtain on the fourth. Beeping sounded somewhere to her right, the sound speeding up as she realized she could hear it. She could hear again. She lifted her hand to push hair out of her face and saw an IV had been put into the back of her hand. She winced at the phantom pain of it being inserted.
Youre awake, Andi said from her left. Ronnies head whipped around as the curtain opened to reveal her parents and an official looking man in a white lab coat. She recognized him as Dr. Manchester. He smiled warmly as he and her parents moved closer to the bed.
Youre awake, her mom parroted. Her cheeks were wet and her eyes puffy like she had been crying. Ronnie stared at her, momentarily dazed. When was the last time her mom cried for her? She couldnt remember. Her mom grasped her right hand as Dr. Manchester took her left wrist into his hand and felt her pulse.
We were so worried, her mom blubbered, sounding like a fresh batch of tears was very near the surface. Ronnie watched the doctor, knowing she would break down if she looked at her mom. As it was, tears stung her eyes and she blinked them away.
Her pulse is normal, the doctor declared and stepped back to check the machines on that side of her bed. He turned off the one monitoring her heart and looked at her again. How do you feel, Veronica?
Ronnie considered his question. My skin feels tight, like its too small for my body, and my ears are ringing a little, she told him. He nodded like he expected those answers. Ronnie looked down at her clothes and heat crept into her cheeks when she saw her pajamas had been replaced by a green hospital gown. And Id really like some different clothes.
Andi and her parents laughed, even the doctor chuckled. Sounds like you are well on your way to recovery, the doctor commented.
What happened? Ronnie asked.
Your house was struck by lightning and the electrical current went through the house and into your body. Its whats called a contact strike. He turned to her parents. I would like to run a few more tests, an EKG and some blood tests.
Yes, of course, whatever you have to do to make sure our daughter is safe, her mom agreed immediately. Ronnie glanced at Andi and raised her eyebrows. Who was this woman and what happened to her real mother? Ronnie expected her mom to be scolding her for being so careless as to get struck by lightning, not fawning over her and carrying on. Andi shook her head, her brow creased in confusion.
Dr. Manchester said he would set up the tests he wanted to run and be back in half an hour to retrieve his patient. Ronnie looked at her mom and dad, unsure of how to act with all the affection they seemed to be showing. She said the first thing that came to mind.
What happened to our house? she asked.
Her parents exchanged a looked. Her mom shook her head as she looked down at Ronnie. Dont worry about the house. Its a little burnt around the edges, but most of the electricity from the strike was immediately grounded. Were just happy youre safe.
And apparently unharmed, her dad spoke up. Ronnies eyebrows shot up into her hair. Her dad nodded, interpreting her expression correctly. Yeah, its a shock to us as well. Dr. Manchester says other than the symptoms you just said, your heart is good and you werent burned by the strike. Your clothes were shredded though.
The heat returned to Ronnies cheeks as she imagined what she looked like when she was brought in to the hospital. She vaguely remembered an EMT sitting over her and her cheeks turned bright red. She shifted in her bed and tried to bury her face, but couldnt move right with her mom still clutching her right hand in a death grip. Ronnie tried to flex those fingers; they tingled.
Why dont you two go home and get Ronnie some new clothes, Andi spoke up, looking at Ronnies parents. Im sure she doesnt want to be stuck in that gown the entire time shes here.
Ronnies mom looked at her dad and then at Ronnie again. Are you sure? I dont know if we should leave you alone. The doctor said you have other tests to be done.
Mom, I feel fine. Really. Just get me some new pajamas. Andi will be here with me and wont leave my side until you return. Ronnie couldnt stop the little bit of irritation that crept into her voice as she spoke. It wasnt like she wasnt grateful for her moms show of affection; she was just perplexed by it. She needed to talk to Andi and figure out exactly what happened when they ran through her house during the storm.
Come on, dear, lets give the girls a couple minutes, her dad suggested, wrapping his arm around her moms waist and steering her away from Ronnies bed.
I promise I wont leave her side, Mrs. Lambert, Andi added.
Ronnies mom kept her gaze locked on her daughter. Well, if youre sure.
Ronnie nodded. Im sure, mom. Youll be back before I know it.
It will take about an hour to go home and get back here, her dad spoke up. His words surprised Ronnie; she hadnt realized how far away the nearest hospital was from Wind Lake.
Ronnies mom brushed hair off her forehead and then kissed her there. Ronnie tolerated it, thinking her parents were overreacting. Other than her skin feeling tight and the ringing in her ears, she really felt fine. Some part of her realized that was unusual as she and Andi watched her parents leave her room a moment later. As soon as the door softly closed behind them, Ronnie turned to Andi.
So what really happened to me? she asked, knowing her best friend wouldnt sugar coat anything. Andis lips twisted and she wrung her hands as she sat on the edge of Ronnies bed.
You were electrocuted. The lightning hit your house and you flew about thirty feet in the air before landing in a heap in the middle of your yard. Andi paused and blinked, her eyes glassy. Ronnie reached out and put her hand over Andis. It was the scariest thing Ive ever seen, Andi added, her voice watery and trembling.
Ronnie squeezed her friends hand. Im sorry.
Why are you apologizing? Its not like you tried to get struck by lightning. Im just so glad youre okay.
Ronnie frowned and looked down at her hand on Andis. Well, I might not have tried to get struck by lightning, but I thought about it. She lifted her head to look at her friend again. At dinner, when Brian showed up, I thought about getting struck by lightning. What if I wished it into existence?
Andi shook her head, her face full of incredulity. No, not possible. Its a freak accident; thats all.
But the lightning kept getting closer to my house, like it was coming after me. Why wouldnt Andi just consider the possibility she was right? As crazy as it sounded, it also made sense.
Andi shook her head again. Okay, fine, whatever; new topic. Billy Winthrop was at your house. A grin slowly split Andis face as Ronnies eyes widened. Both girls knew Billy from church and thought he was cute. The image of his chiseled face, blue eyes, and chestnut colored hair flashed in Ronnies mind and heat crept into her cheeks.
What did I look like? What did he say? she demanded.
Andi knowingly smiled. Just the usual: what happened, how you were? He seemed real concerned about you.
Whatever. He wouldve acted that way with anyone. Im not anyone special to him. Well just see how he acts when we see him at church tomorrow. Maybe hell ask you out. She wiggled her eyebrows. Maybe youll finally get your first kiss.
Ronnie blushed and looked down at her hands again. Even though never being kissed at seventeen was unheard of for most people, it never bothered her. She knew all the boys in Wind Lake and the only one she wanted to kiss still seemed oblivious to her affection. Andi liked to tease her about it, especially since shed gotten her first kiss three years ago.
Ronnie was about to say something more about Billy not liking her when Dr. Manchester entered the room with a nurse in tow. He smiled when he saw Ronnie sitting up.
Ready to take some tests? he asked.
Only if theyre multiple choice answers, Ronnie replied. The doctor chuckled and the nurse moved around the room to get Ronnie ready to move.
* * *
Six hours later, Ronnie was back in her room surrounded by her parents and Andi when Dr. Manchester returned to her room. He held a stack of X-rays and a manila folder. He grinned as he stopped next to Ronnies bed.
You are a medical miracle, he declared. Ronnies eyes widened.
What? she asked, confused. What do you mean?
Other than your elevated body temperature, your blood count being a little high, and dehydration, youre perfectly fine. Drink plenty of water and get some rest.
Does that mean I can go home? She was anxious to get into her own bed. Even though her parents had brought her a change of clothes, she missed her yellow walls and white comforter. Plus, her room didnt smell like a closet full of disinfectant.
Yes. I see no reason to keep you any longer. But, I want you to come back if you start feeling dizzy, the ringing in your ears gets worse, or any new symptoms emerge. He looked up at her parents, who anxiously watched him. Keep an eye on her for the next few days. Anything happens, bring her back immediately. Some reactions to electrocution take time to be seen.
Her mom emphatically nodded, her blonde hair bouncing around her head. Yes, of course, doctor. If theres anything, well bring her back. Were just so thankful shes okay.
I would love to run more tests on her, he began.
No! Ronnie yelled. The doctor chuckled.
I know you want to get home, he said to her. Ronnie nodded, feeling sheepish for yelling, but she really didnt want to stay here another minute longer. Dr. Manchester opened the folder in his hands and pulled her parents aside to have them sign her release papers. She turned her head and grinned at Andi, who looked groggy as she grinned back.
You could have gone to sleep, Ronnie told her. Andi shook her head.
No way. I didnt want to miss anything. How can I spread it around school how youre a medical miracle if I fall asleep and miss something?
Andi giggled when Ronnie reached out to punch her shoulder, which only made her friend laugh harder because Ronnie still felt a little weak.
All right, girls, thats enough. Lets go home, her dad said. Ronnie grinned at him as he helped her climb out of the bed. Once on her feet, Ronnie took a step forward and was happy she didnt wobble or fall over. Confident she was perfectly fine, she reached for the hoodie her parents had brought back and slipped it over her head. Now that her body temperature was finally lowering to something resembling normal, she felt cold.
Half an hour later, Ronnie walked into her kitchen and sighed with relief. Surprisingly, the house had only taken minimal damage from the storm and lightning strike, though the smell of burnt wood clung to the air. She wrinkled her nose and waved her hand in front of her face. Andi giggled, catching Ronnies attention.
What? It reminds me of a campfire, Andi told her, her eyes two pools of blue innocence.
Ronnie rolled her eyes. Whatever. Lets go to bed.
Before you go up, do you plan to go to church later this morning? Ronnies mom asked as the girls started out of the kitchen. Ronnie nodded. Are you sure? The womans brow creased with concern.
Mom, I could have died tonight. I think I need to go to church and thank the gods for sparing my life, Ronnie pointed out.
Oh, well, if youre sure.
Im sure, Mom.
Ronnie and Andi said good night to Ronnies parents before heading towards Ronnies room. Ronnie forgot to turn on the light as they reached the stairs and started up. A faint rustling sounded from the stairs and Ronnie paused mid-step. Something was there in the shadows, slithering down the steps. Ronnie leaned forward and willed her eyes to see into the darkness, determined to find out what was there. Andi was at the top before she realized Ronnie stopped.
What? Andi whispered and the rustling stopped near Ronnies feet. Her heart pounded as she jumped back. Something was definitely there! She tentatively reached her hand out towards the step in front of her, images of some monster biting it off flashed through her mind. She sighed and tried to relax when she only felt cool air.
N-Nothing; I heard nothing, she stammered, her face a little pale as she glanced up at Andi, and continued climbing the stairs. Ronnies eyes darted all around as she prayed whatever it had been wasnt following her. She reached the top landing and pushed Andi towards her bedroom.
That face says there was something; whats going on? Andi insisted. Ronnie shook her head.
There was nothing there, she repeated. Maybe if she said it enough times, she would believe it. Andi sighed. 
Okay, well, if something shows up, let me know. I dont think Ive had enough excitement tonight.
Ronnie flipped on the light and sighed when she found her room the exact way she left it when they went downstairs to watch the movie. Relieved that something in her life was still normal, she settled under the blankets on her bed.
Would it be okay if we kept the light on tonight? Ronnie asked.
Of course, Andi readily agreed. Ronnie smiled at her, grateful to have her as a best friend. Most people would have teased her about being five-years-old again and afraid of the dark. Ronnie thanked her and pulled the blankets up to her chin. She was almost asleep when she heard Andi whisper,
You just want to go to church tomorrow so you can see if Im right about Billy.
Ronnie giggled but didnt reply. She didnt need to say anything; Andi already knew she was right.
Chapter Four

Ronnie felt like she was floating. As she looked down upon her still-sleeping form in her bed, she was too freaked out by everything around her to worry about being out of her body. Shadows slithered all around her and a little green creature with big pointy ears and leathery skin, like a two-foot-tall troll, perched on her pillow next to her head. Other thingswas that a centaur?sat around her bed watching her sleep. Yes, definitely a centaur, its chestnut coat and golden upper body gleaming in the sunlight streaming through the window. A fairy sat nearby, its translucent wings shimmering in shades of turquoise and violet.
Shes the one, the fairy whispered and the others nodded in agreement. The one? The one for what? What were they going to do to her? She moaned in her sleep and most of the creatures shied away.
Shes waking; we mustnt wake the princess, the green thing squeaked, its eyes wide as it looked up at the centaur and fairy. Ronnies heart pounded. Princess? Did they mean her? She wasnt a princess; she was a seventeen-year-old girl, a very normal girl. Ronnie turned over in her sleep and she gasped along with the creatures when she saw that the bandage had fallen off her tattooand the tattoo was already healed.
She has the mark of the Defenders, the centaur exclaimed shaking its tail. Ronnies eyes caught sight of a similar tattoo on its right flank, almost like a branding. As she looked at the other creatures, she realized each one of them had the tattoo. Were these all Defenders, whatever those were? Was she one now? She had to wake up. She had to find out what was going on. Wake up, she screamed at herself.
Sssssshheeeee will dessssstroy us alllllll, an eerie voice hissed. Ronnie gasped again as the creatures surrounding her turned towards the barely remaining shadows in her room. Something moved there, slithering in the corner where Andi still slept. She had to wake up! Andi needed to be warned!
Ronnie sat up with a jolt and immediately looked towards the corner where Andi started to stir. She blinked several times but whatever had been there was gone now. With shock, she realized all the things she had seen standing around her bed were gone. There was no one in the room except her and Andi. A soft knock sounded on the door, and Ronnie jumped as her mom pushed it open and stuck her head in.
Oh, youre awake, her mom said and smiled. Are you coming to church?
Ronnie glanced at her bedside clock and nodded. It was only eight-thirty; she had an hour before they left for church. Yeah, I just want to shower and change, she told her mom.
Are you sure?
Ronnie sighed. I said Im fine, Mom.
If youre sure. Her mom turned and tried to hide a grimace as she left the room. 
Ronnies heart pounded as she slid out of bed and tiptoed over to the corner where Andi still lay on the floor. Something had been over there in her dream, something that slithered and hissed when it talked. She reached into the corner with a shaking hand and frowned when she only came up with air. Whatever it had been was gone now. She shuddered and forced the image out of her mind. Thinking about it would do nothing except freak her out. Still frowning, she stepped back over Andi and turned to go to her dresser to pick out what to wear to church.
What are you doing? Andi asked as Ronnie turned away from the corner. Ronnie gasped.
What does it look like? Ronnie snapped. Im checking the corner for monsters.
Andi would have giggled if it wasnt for Ronnies serious expression. Did you find any?
Ronnie shook her head as she opened the top drawer of her dresser and pulled out undergarments. No, she admitted and shook her head. Im sorry. I just had the weirdest dream before I woke up and I guess it kind of freaked me out.
That might be understandable considering you got electrocuted last night.
Ronnie grimaced at the memory. You are so not helping right now.
Andi sat up and pushed her blonde hair out of her face. Okay, then what can I do to help?
Ronnie bit her lower lip, nervous about asking about her tattoo. The creatures in her dream said it was the mark of the Defenders and the thing in the shadows said she would destroy everything. She wished she knew what the Defenders were so it all made sense. She looked down at Andi, who still expectantly watched her, and shook her head. She wasnt going to get any answers from Andi.
Will you check my tattoo? she asked. Andi grinned as she jumped to her feet and crossed the room. Ronnie turned her back to Andi and lifted her hair so it was out of the way. A moment later she cringed as the tape and gauze were pulled off. Andis gasp made her turn her head, afraid the tattoo had somehow gotten ruined during the lightning strike.
Oh my god, Ronnie, its so awesome, Andi exclaimed and Ronnie relaxed.
Thanks. Does it look okay? Gary gave me something to put on it if it looks dried out.
Actually, it looks healed. Your skin looks normal around it, like youve had it for years instead of twenty-four hours.
O-Okay, she stammered, dread settling in the pit of her stomach. Gary said it could take up to a week or more before it was healed. She filed this away with every other weird thing that happened since waking up yesterday morning. There was no time to think about it now. Guess that means I better hide it when we go to church.
Andi nodded as Ronnie turned around. Your parents would totally freak if they saw it.
Ronnie grimaced and grabbed her lavender robe from the foot of her bed. Yeah, I know. Im going to get a shower in before church.
Okay. Ill pick out something for you to wear while youre in there.
Okay. Ronnie was only a little nervous as she left the room and headed for the bathroom down the hall. She knew Andi was going to pick out something cute for her to wear because she still thought Billy might flirt with her at church. Ronnie rolled her eyes and locked the bathroom door. Even if Billy did show an interest in her, he was a little too old for her to consider dating him. Andi might be into older guys like that, but Ronnie still had her eye on one guy her own ageand she was going to see him tomorrow!
They got to church forty-five minutes later. Ronnie wasnt surprised to find Billy waiting to say hello to her. He stood outside the church wearing a light blue button-up shirt and grey slacks, his chestnut hair still damp from a shower. His blue eyes sparkled when he smiled at her.
Hi, Ronnie, how are you feeling this morning? he asked. She smiled as she tried not to look at Andi.
Im fine; just thankful to be here, she replied. His grin widened.
Youre not the only one, he agreed. Ronnie felt her cheeks grow warm. A moment of awkward silence passed between them before Ronnie said they should go inside.
Ronnie, wait just a minute, Billy said, his hand on her forearm. Anticipation made her stomach quiver as she glanced down at his hand on her arm. Oh god, this was it! She didnt care how old he was  he was going to ask her out!
Are you doing anything this evening? he asked. She shook her head, biting her lower lip to keep from grinning because she knew what was coming next. Billy took a deep breath and continued. Okay, well, theres a poetry reading down at The Reading Corner tonight at seven.  Im actually going to be reading a couple poems and... and I would really like it if you were there.
Ronnie grinned. I would love to be there, she agreed. She tried not to giggle as relief washed over his face; it was so adorable. Is it okay if I bring Andi?
Yeah, sure, thats fine. Maybe we can go out for coffee afterwards.
Maybe; I dont know though since school starts tomorrow.
Oh yeah, school; I completely forgot youre still in school. Okay, then I guess well just see what happens tonight.
I guess we will.
Will you two get in here; Pastor Pat is about to start, Ronnies mom hissed from the open doorway. Ronnie blushed as Billy laid a hand on the small of her back. They walked into the church and Ronnie went to sit with her family while Billy sat a few pews back. Andis face split in a huge grin when she saw Ronnie walk in with Billy.
I told you, Andi whispered as Ronnie sat down next to her, her face still flushed from Billys invitation.
Okay, you were right, Ronnie agreed as Pastor Pat stepped up to the podium and welcomed them all to the morning worship.
He invited us to a poetry reading tonight, Ronnie added as they bowed their heads to pray. Ronnie added a quick little prayer of thanks for her good fortune concerning Billy. She never thought she would catch the eye of someone so much older.
Us or you?
Me, but I asked if you can come along.
Of course you did, because you know how much I love listening to poetry.
Andi rolled her eyes and Ronnie stifled a giggle, earning her a reproachful look from her mom. Ronnie whispered an apology and turned back to Andi. So, will you come with me?
Only if you think I might meet someone, too.
Ronnie shrugged. Guess you wont find out unless you come with me.
Then I guess Im going with you.
Ronnie and Andi grinned at each other and turned their attention to Pastor Pats sermon on sticking by your beliefs even in the face of adversity. Ronnies tattoo tingled and she looked back over her shoulder to see Billy watching her. He caught her looking and grinned as she blushed and smiled at him. This was turning out to be a pretty perfect day.
Chapter Five

After church, Andi came home with Ronnie and her family. They ate sandwiches for lunch and discussed the second part of the Pastors sermon, which Ronnie thought was very good, about the choices people make in life. After lunch, Ronnie brought up the poetry reading at The Reading Corner that night.
Mom, Billy asked me to come hear him read some poetry tonight at The Reading Corner. Would it be okay if I went? It starts at seven and he said it shouldnt last more than a couple hours, Ronnie said. Her stomach quivered with nerves when she saw the look her mom exchanged with her dad and quickly added, Andi already said she would come along, so its not like a date or anything.
Well, if its not a date, I dont see how we can make you stay home, her mom agreed slowly. But I want you home by ten-thirty because its a school night.
Ronnie nodded, grinning. Yeah, of course. Thanks, Mom. She kissed her moms cheek before she and Andi ran up to her bedroom, giggling the entire way.
Ronnie and Andi left for The Reading Corner an hour early. Ronnie still had some birthday money left over and wanted to get the new book she promised herself when she walked by the store yesterday. She decided to wear a pretty white eyelet dress and flat white sandals. Her black hair cascaded down her back to hide her tattoo. A strand of chunky turquoise beads adorned her neck. Matching earrings dangled from her ears and a ring sat on her right hand. Andi wore a pair of khaki capris and a teal colored peasant shirt, the bell sleeves billowing around her hands. She curled her short bob into ringlets that bounced around her face. Ronnie grabbed a little beaded purse she sometimes used when she went out and the girls left her house.
Dont forget your curfew, her mom called as the girls left and Ronnie promised not to.
The five-block walk to The Reading Corner took them only ten minutes. Ronnie checked her cash stash and her cell phone before entering the brightly lit store. She reached for the door handle, and paused when her tattoo tingled and the creepy feeling of being watched shot down her spine. Frowning, Ronnie turned away from the door and looked out into the street. The setting sun gave everything a reddish-orange glow, reflecting off of car windows and buildings. She thought she saw something black across the street before it shimmered and was gone. Ronnie squinted as she willed her eyes to look into that space more closely.
What are you doing? Andi asked. Ronnie blinked and looked at her, then shook her head.
Nothing. I thought I saw something, but it must have been my imagination. Sorry. Lets go in, Ronnie replied and reached for the door handle again. 
The Reading Corner was one of Ronnies favorite stores, right up there with The Shop Stop. She loved books as much as she loved clothes, sometimes even more so if she really needed to escape. She walked in and bee lined for the teen novel section. The latest Vampires Notebook came out last Tuesday, though she wasnt completely sure that was the book she wanted. The Vampires Notebook by Lady Mirielle was a series about a sixteen-year old-boy, Alan, who finds a notebook from a classmate in his book bag one day after school. This wouldnt be unusual except that the notebook chronicles several murders done by the notebooks owner, the mysterious new girl in his class. Lo and behold, the girl is a vampire and they fall in love. The latest installment to the series was called Scourge and Protector, and was about Alans change into a vampire.
You know, thats getting kind of lame, Andi commented when she saw the book in Ronnies hand. Ronnie sadly nodded as she looked down at the book.
I know, she sighed. I just wish they would get to the end of the series so I can see if everyone lives happily ever after or not.
No kidding. Lady Mirielle really needs to end the series soon.
Ronnie sighed again and put the book back on the shelf. Her eyes perused the other offerings, but she already owned most of the vampire novels that were out. Andi said she was going to look at the graphic novels and wandered off. Ronnie barely waved goodbye as she continued her search.
Maybe I need to read something else, she murmured as her eyes fell on another novel. This cover featured a girl with long dark brown hair streaming out from under a space helmet in front of a sky full of stars. It looked like the girl stood on top of a hill. It was titled Into the Stars and was written by Rick Goodyear. Curious, Ronnie pulled it off the shelf and read the back cover.
Janet Redding has always known theres something special about her, but its not until her sixteenth birthday that she finds out how true that is. At the exact moment of her birth, her home is invaded by a group of grotesque blue aliens. After her initial gross out, Janet discovers that she already knows how to fight these aliens and soon sends them away from her house. Her parents finally admit that Janet is from another planet, and is a very humanlike alien. Her destiny is to combat evil and keep the peace in the universe. Her powers prove to be stronger than anyone has seen before and Janet must be sent to her home planet to learn how to master them. Will Janet step up to the call of her destiny and become the Starfighter she was always meant to be or will she ignore it and return to her life as a normal sixteen-year-old girl?
Thats a very interesting book, a deep voice spoke up behind Ronnie and her head shot up. Her eyes widened as she continued to raise her head to look up at a very tall man looming over her. He wore a pair of black cargo pants and a short sleeved black button up shirt with burgundy pinstripes. His golden hair glistened in the overhead lights. His eyes, the same teal as the lake on a hot summers day, warmly appraised her while he waited for an answer.
How would you know? she asked as she stood up, the book still in her hands. Even standing, he still hovered a good six inches taller than her. She tried to guess his age but couldnt decide if he was closer to her age or Billys. He gave a boyish grin and she decided he was closer to her age, maybe eighteen or nineteen.
Lets just say I know the author pretty well, he replied, lowering his voice as he leaned down towards her. Ronnie somehow managed not to giggle as her heart pounded in her chest. He was so handsome and he was flirting with her.
I would highly recommend that book if youre looking for something new to read, he added. She nodded, her cheeks warm.
Are you looking for something newto read, I mean? she asked and blushed at her own boldness. His gaze locked with hers for a moment and Ronnie felt her knees weaken.
Im always looking for something new, he replied and straightened as Andi came into the aisle with them. Enjoy the book.
Thanks, Ronnie replied breathlessly and fought to keep her mouth from falling open as he walked away.
Who was that? Andi asked as Ronnie leaned against the bookshelf behind her. Her knees were still weak.
I dont know, Ronnie admitted weakly. But he said this is a really good book to read.
Andi set aside the graphic novels shed found, took the book from Ronnies hands and read the back. With a shrug, she handed it back. If youre into that kind of thing, Im sure it is.
Andis unenthusiastic comment snapped Ronnie back to reality and she frowned at her friend. Well, Im going to try it. Its only a few dollars so I wont be out of a lot of money if I dont like it.
Okay, but you might want to pick up something else just in case. Oh, and I think I just saw Billy walk in, too; you know, while you were flirting with that other older guy.
He wasnt that old.
He was at least as old as Billy. Come on; lets go say hi before the reading starts.
Okay. Ronnie straightened and followed Andi over to the small caf where the reading was being held. Billy spotted them right away and grinned as he made his way over.
Hi. Im glad you could make it, he said to Ronnie, and her cheeks warmed again. She realized she was doing a lot of blushing tonight and hoped it made her look pretty instead of ridiculous.
I said I would be. My mom gave me a ten-thirty curfew so if this doesnt go too long, we might be able to get coffee afterwards, she replied with a smile. He nodded.
Or we can always leave early. Im somewhere in the middle, maybe at the end of the first hour. We can leave after that and get coffee before I walk you home.
That would be great. She beamed as the emcee stepped up onto the small stage and said the readings would begin in ten minutes. Ronnie looked down at the book in her hands and said she was going to pay for it before the readings began.
Leaving so soon? a somewhat familiar voice asked as Ronnie stepped into line. She smiled as she turned around, holding her book up for him to see.
Gotta pay for my book, she told him. As he smiled at her, she wondered if she ever saw anyone with such perfect teeth. She sighed and then blushed when she realized she was swooning. He must think Im ridiculous, she thought and rolled her eyes.
Are you staying for the readings tonight? he asked as she stepped up to the next available cashier.
Yeah, a friend of mine is reading tonight, she replied as she handed over her book to be scanned.
Oh my goodness, Mr. Goodyear, we didnt know you would be here tonight, the clerk behind the counter gushed. Ronnie looked up at the man standing next to her. This was Rick Goodyear, the author of the book he recommended? No wonder he thought it was such a great book. Rick smiled as he stepped up to the counter and leaned on one elbow, bringing him closer to the clerk. Ronnie watched his teal eyes dart to her name tag as he spoke.
Yes, Cheryl, and I would like to keep it that way. I want it to be a surprise, he stated quietly. Cheryl grinned foolishly as she nodded, her brown curls bouncing around her head.
Yes, Mr. Goodyear; whatever you want, Mr. Goodyear, Cheryl continued, eager to please. Ronnie couldnt believe how excited the cashier was, especially since Ronnie had never heard of Rick Goodyear until picking his book from the shelf. It wasnt like he was famous or anything. Well, anything other than cute.
Cheryl, he warned with one eyebrow raised. Cheryl blushed and immediately stopped talking. She mimed zipping her mouth and throwing away the key, making Ronnie giggle. It was just too funny to watch this woman make a fool of herself over some guy. Not that Ronnie had been much better, but at least her age allowed her to act that way on occasion.
Not a peep from you either, my dear, Rick warned as Ronnie handed over the money for his book. She grabbed a pen from the desk and opened the book to the first page.
Only if youll sign my book, she bargained. He smiled as he took the pen from her. Their fingers brushed and Ronnie gasped as an electrical current shot up her arm. She looked up at him with wide eyes but he acted like nothing happened. Didnt he feel it? She didnt know how to ask and the emcee was asking everyone to take their seats for the reading.
This will be our little secret, Rick added as he handed her the book. Ronnie nodded as they walked away from the counter together.
So, are you reading tonight? she asked as they crossed the store back to the caf.
Why; will you be here to listen to me? he replied and she blushed.
Depends on how long after my friend you read. If youre last, I cant guarantee still being here.
Then I cant guarantee reading anything tonight. I wont do it unless I see youre still here.
Ronnie blushed again as they stopped next to the first row of seats. Andi appeared at her side and asked what took so long, oblivious to Rick still standing next to her.
I was paying for my book, Ronnie told her friend.
And flirting again, Andi mumbled as she grabbed Ronnies arm and pulled her towards two empty seats next to Billy. Ronnie looked back to say something more to Rick but he was already gone, disappeared into the crowd milling around the store. Hopeful to see him later tonight, she sat down between Billy and Andi as the emcee introduced tonights first reader.
Everything okay? Billy whispered to Ronnie as the first reader, a skinny sixteen-year-old girl totally into the Goth look, took the stage. Ronnie nodded and showed him the book.
Yeah, I just had to pay for my book, she replied. She glanced over her shoulder as Rick sat down in the last row. He smiled and she smiled back.
Okay, well, I got moved up to fifth reader tonight, so well have plenty of time for coffee afterwards, Billy continued and Ronnies smile faltered. She didnt want to go out for coffee if it meant she would miss Ricks poetry.
What if I want to stay? she asked. A pang of guilt shot through her as Billys face fell.
Well, if you really want to, we can stay, he agreed sullenly. She took a deep breath as she laid her hand on his arm.
Lets just see how things go, she suggested. A gleam of hope returned to his eyes as he nodded. Ronnie glanced back at Rick and felt uneasy to find him still watching her. Could he hear their conversation? Did he know she was only going to stay for him? Warmth crept up into her cheeks as he nodded and gave a little wave; she was positive he had heard her conversation. 
She twisted around to face forward and tried to ignore Rick the rest of the night, but that proved nearly impossible. Every two minutes it seemed he made some sound or gesture to get her attention, and she ended up missing one of Billys poems because of him. By the time Billy returned to his seat next to her, Ronnie wasnt sure if she wanted to laugh or jump the rows of people and strangle Rick for being such a distraction. Of course, then she felt guilty for paying more attention to some random guy than to the guy who invited her to come out tonight. So when Billy grinned and reached for her hand, she let him take it. She knew she would have to tell him later that there was no future for them because she had her eye on someone else, but at least for now she decided she owed this much to Billy.
Lets go, she whispered to Billy five minutes later. He grinned as he stood up, his hand still holding hers as she stood with him.
Were going to get coffee, she whispered to Andi, who also stood up and followed them towards the door. Ronnie tried to ignore Rick as they passed, but her eyes sought him out anyway and she didnt miss the little wave he gave as she passed him.
Another time then, my dear, he muttered under his breath. Ronnie blushed as she walked with Billy out of the book store.
Chapter Six

By the time Billy walked Ronnie home at a little after ten, she had almost completely forgotten about the mysterious Rick she met at the book store. She laughed at Billys jokes and held his hand even though she felt a little guilty for it at the same time. When he walked her up to her front door, she knew she had to tell him this couldnt happen again.
Billy, I had a really good time tonight, she began. He beamed, his blue eyes pulling her towards him.
So did I, he agreed. I hope we can do this again, maybe next weekend.
No, Billy, Im sorry, but we cant. The age difference, even though its only four years, Im afraid people around town would get the wrong idea about you. I think youre a great guy and youre really cute and funny, but we cant date. Im sorry.
His face fell as he considered her words and then nodded. I know; youre right. I mean, youre beautiful and I had a really great time tonight, but youre right. We cant date. I dont know why I thought we could. He shook his head. Maybe it was just because I helped rescue you last night or, well, I dont know. But Im sure theres some guy your age that youre interested in and I guess I should find someone my age to be interested in, too.
I just I hope we can still be friends, Ronnie added, feeling completely lame for saying those pathetic words. But Billys eyes brightened and some of his smile came back.
I would like that. I can kind of be like another big brother to you or something.
Or something, because I dont think Id ever want to kiss my big brother. Her cheeks burned as she admitted her desire and she forced herself to keep looking at him. She couldnt believe she just admitted that. His blue eyes darkened as he reached up to cup her cheek in his hand.
Can I kiss you, Ronnie? he whispered. Ronnies heart pounded as anticipation zipped through her. This was ither first kiss. Her tongue darted out to lick her dry lips, her mouth suddenly like the Sahara. She put her hands on his waist, not sure what else to do with them, as Billys other hand came up to cup her other cheek, framing her face.
Yes, she replied and closed her eyes as his face neared hers. She tilted her head up, her heart pounding so loud she was sure the entire state could hear it thundering away. His lips pressed gently against hers. Ronnies breath caught in her throat as she waited for something more to happen. She sensed him move away, leaving her lips tingling with anticipation.
Good night, Ronnie, he whispered as he straightened. She blinked a few times as she opened her eyes. His hands fell away from her face. He took a few steps down the walk before she felt completely coherent again.
Good night, Billy, she whispered after him but he didnt turn around. She didnt know if he even heard her, but hoped he had. He just gave her a great belated birthday present. Even though she knew it couldnt happen again, she wanted to treasure this moment for just a little longer.
Ronnie felt like she was walking on clouds when she entered her house. The living room light was on and her mom looked up from the days sale ads as Ronnie closed the door.
How was the poetry reading? her mom asked as Ronnie leaned back against the door. She grinned at her mom, knowing she looked suspiciously ridiculous but unable to hide her happiness. She wanted to run upstairs, call Andi and tell her all about it. But first she needed to answer her moms questions.
It was wonderful, she sighed and her mom knowingly smirked.
Im willing to bet thats not all that was wonderful. Did I just see Billy walk you up to the door?
Yes. Ronnie prayed her mom wouldnt ask for more details and was relieved when her mom let it go.
Well, Im glad you had a good time. Shawn called about an hour ago to say he was back in town.
Really? Another big grin split her face at the news.
Yes. I told him you wouldnt get home in time to call him and you will see him at school tomorrow.
Some of her enthusiasm died. Oh. Okay. Well, can I call Andi really quick? Theres something I have to tell her and it cant wait until tomorrow. And she didnt want to tell Andi about it in front of Shawn. Her mom sighed and looked at her watch.
You have fifteen minutes and then its time for bed.
Thanks, Mom; youre the best.
Ronnie raced upstairs and shut the door as she entered her room. She pulled out her cell phone and dialed Andis number as she lay across the top of her blankets. Andi answered after the second ring.
Oh my god, he kissed me, Ronnie squealed and Andi squealed with her.
Oh my god, thats so awesome! Andi exclaimed and then added hesitantly, Wait a minute, which he?
Billy. Who else?  Ronnie wrinkled her nose, some of her enthusiasm curbed by Andis question. What did she mean, who else? Who else was she out with tonight?
Well, I know you were kinda eyeing up that other guy and I didnt know what happened after I left the coffee shop. For all I know, you went back to the reading and hooked up with him.
Yeah, because Im the type of girl who hooks up. Ronnie grimaced, her elation over Billys sweet kiss gone. You know, I just wanted you to be happy for me.
Oh, Ronnie, no, I am happy for you. I was just confused. I am so psyched he kissed you. Andi self consciously giggled and Ronnie knew she was trying to cheer her up. Any tongue action?
Ronnie laughed as her cheeks pinked. No, nothing like that. I dont think he wanted to thrust his tongue down my throat after I told him we can only be friends.
Wait a minute. Ronnie heard rustling on her end as Andi sat up in bed. You told him you only want to be friends and he still kissed you? He must really like you.
I really dont know if he does or if its something left over from him rescuing me last night. Either way, when I told him we could be friends, he said he could be like an older brother or something, and I said or something because I wouldnt want to kiss my brother, and then he asked if he could kiss me and I said yes.
He actually asked to kiss you?
Yeah. Ronnie smiled at the memory. He was very sweet tonight, but hes really too old for me. Besides, I have my eye on someone else.
Would that be the someone else you met tonight or would that be the someone else youre going to see tomorrow morning?
Ronnie giggled. Which do you think? She glanced at her clock and frowned when she saw it was time to get off the phone. But I have to go before my mom comes up here and yells for being on the phone too long. Ill see you tomorrow at school.
Before school, actually. Ill pick you up at quarter to seven.
Ronnie nodded as her mom stuck her head in the door and said it was time to get off the phone. She told Andi good night and ended the call. Ronnie got up to change her clothes and sighed as she thought about kissing Billy. Even though he was twenty-one and old enough to be her older brother, he was still really sweet and she wished she was a out of school so she could try dating him. As it was, she would probably have better luck dating Rick than getting Shawn to notice her, let alone ask her out. She changed into her pajamas and crawled into bed. As she fell asleep, nervous butterflies fluttered in her stomach at the thought of seeing Shawn again. She couldnt wait.
* * *
Ronnie was so excited about school starting that she jumped out of bed the minute her alarm went off. She raced down the hall for a shower and then ran back to her room to put on her new outfit. She couldnt wait to show off her tattoo at school. The white halter top and black ruffled mini skirt were sure to get her noticed. She giggled a she lifted her hair and looked back over her shoulder to check out her tattoo in the mirror. It looked perfect. She put her hair up in a messy knot on top of her head and secured it with two glossy chopsticks. She pulled an old red fake-leather biker jacket out of her closet and pulled it on to hide her tattoo until she got to school. By the time she was ready to go, Andi was in the kitchen having breakfast with her parents.
What took you so long? Andi asked when Ronnie entered the cheerful room. Ronnie grinned at her.
This is our first day as upperclassmen, Andi; I cant go looking like a frump, Ronnie pointed out. Her mom looked up from behind the business section of the paper.
Is that what youre wearing? she asked, a slight frown on her face. Ronnie looked down at her new outfit and then nodded, defiantly meeting her moms gaze.
Whats wrong with it?
Will they even allow you to wear it in school?
Yeah, Mom, this is high school; Im a junior. Im sure there will be plenty of girls wearing less than I have on. Ronnie rolled her eyes. Whats the big deal?
Her mom frowned. Its a big deal to me; I dont want my little girl looking like a tramp. But obviously you arent going to listen to me.
Geez, Mom, its just an outfit. I look fine.
Her moms eyes scrutinized her skirt and top.  Is that new? I dont remember seeing that skirt before.
Yeah, I bought it Saturday with some of my birthday money.
Do you have any left over?
Ronnie shook her head. No, I spent it on books and clothes. Sorry, Mom.
Her mom sighed. Well, its your money. As long as you put it to good use, I guess I cant complain. Though it would have been nice to see some of it go into your college fund.
Ronnie ignored her moms comment as she grabbed a bagel and slathered strawberry cream cheese over half of it. There was still plenty of time to worry about saving up for college. She didnt have to start filling out applications until next year, though she was sure her parents wanted her to start a lot sooner. Grimacing, she smashed the other half of her bagel on top of the cream cheese and glanced at the clock as she took a bite. Her eyes bugged when she saw it was already almost seven. School started in half an hour.
We have to go, she told Andi, who glanced at the clock and stood up.
Crap; I didnt think it was that late already. Were not going to have any time to ask Shawn about his trip to Florida.
And Im not going to have any time to show off my tattoo, Ronnie thought as she rushed around the kitchen to gather up her new black leather bag and her tiny beaded purse. She slung both over her shoulder and followed Andi out of the house.
I was about to come up to see if you left already, Shawn said from the bottom of the steps. Andi squealed as she launched herself at him from the porch. He laughed as he caught her in a tight embrace. Ronnie stood at the top of the stairs and watched it all happen, admiring him before he noticed her. His mop of usually dark blond waves was lighter and streaked with platinum blond, giving him a totally cool surfer look. His skin was golden tan and his t-shirt did little to hide the muscles underneath. Ronnie felt her mouth water as he set Andi on the ground and grinned up at her.
Hey, Ronnie, he said. Her knees weakened and she felt like she would faint right there.
Hi, she replied breathlessly and shook her head, her cheeks warming as she hoped he didnt realize this was all because of him. He hadnt looked this good when he left for Florida two weeks ago; he now looked like a sun-kissed god. Andi returned to her side on the porch and tugged on her arm to get her moving.
Come on, we dont want to be late, Andi reminded her. Ronnie nodded as she started down the stairs towards Shawn.
I didnt think I was gone so long that you would become shy with me, he commented. The blush blossomed full force across her cheeks now.
You just keep looking better and better every time I see you, she replied boldly and clenched her hand into a fist to keep from covering her mouth. Andis eyes widened as she looked at Ronnie and both girls thought the same thing: where had that come from? Ronnie never flirted with guys and all of a sudden she flirted last night, had her first kiss, and was now flirting with Shawn. A slow grin crept onto Shawns face as he slowly looked her up and down.
I can say the same thing about you, he told Ronnie. Both girls giggled as he draped an arm over their shoulders and the three of them climbed into Andis car to head to school.
Chapter Seven

Wind Lake High School sat at the end of Sixth Street on the south side of town, only four blocks from the lake. The drive from Ronnies house took about ten minutes, giving them twenty minutes to find their homerooms. 
Upperclassmen, baby! Andi hollered as she pulled into the back parking lot designated for juniors and seniors. All the windows were rolled down on Andis Corolla, letting in the cool lake breeze as well as letting out Andis yell. Ronnie grinned and beat her fists against the dash, biting back a shout of her own. This was it; her chance to be noticed.
As soon as the three of them climbed out of the car, Shawn noticed a few guys from the football team and joined them on the front steps on the school. Andi and Ronnie waved to him as they walked into the three-story, red brick building.
Im going to let you fly solo for a few. Ill catch up to you outside homeroom, Andi told Ronnie, who grinned and nodded as she slipped her jacket off her shoulders, folding it over her arm.
Wind Lake High was segregated by class. Freshmen hung out in the hallway closest to the front doors, sophomores were to the right, juniors took over the second floor, and seniors were on the top level. Feeling daring, Ronnie headed for the stairs and climbed up to the third floor.
Hey, girl, a familiar voice spoke up as Ronnie started down the senior hallway. She looked around and grinned when she spotted Raina Thompson coming towards her. Raina was a cheerleader, probably captain this year, and had dated Brian for a couple months at the beginning of last year. As far as her brothers girlfriends went, Ronnie liked Raina the best.
Hi, Raina. How does it feel being top dog now? Ronnie asked. Raina grinned, her short coppery hair bouncing around her cheeks.
We are queens! she shouted, a fist in the air. A few people cheered around her, some clapped, an even a few laughed. Ronnie joined the laughter. Her laughter stopped when knuckles brushed against her back and a male voice said,
Love that tat; did you get that done on Oak Street?
Ronnie turned around and smiled as she nodded. Derrick Redding, star wide receiver of the Wind Lake Timberwolves, grinned at her, his hand still lifted with his fingers outstretched towards her bare back. His grey eyes and spiky blond hair made him one of the most sought after bachelors in school. She tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear as she turned to fully face him. 
Yeah, she told him and he smiled.
Its nice. Ill have to show you mine sometime, he added and leaned towards her, lowering his voice when he said, Id show it off here but its not in a place thats appropriate, if you know what I mean. He wiggled his eyebrows. Ronnie giggled and shoved him away, pushing on his shoulder. He stumbled to the side as another girl stepped up to them.
Derrick, youre not seriously using that line again, the girl said. Ronnie recognized her as Elise White, Derricks on-again, off-again girlfriend. She smiled at Ronnie as she wound her arm through Derricks and pulled him away.
Youll have to forgive him; he sees some skin and loses his mind, Elise told Ronnie and pulled Derrick down the hall away from her. Ronnie laughed as Derrick smiled and waved. She turned to go find Andi again and found herself face to face with a short, stout black woman who was glaring up at her.
You need to wear that jacket, Miss Lambert; this is a school, not a street corner, the woman declared. Ronnies cheeks burned as she mumbled an apology and slipped on her coat again.
Make sure you keep it on, the woman added and waddled down the hall to find more troublemakers. Ronnie glared after her; compared to what some of the other girls were wearing, her outfit really wasnt that bad. Yeah, she was showing some skin, but it wasnt any different than all the girls in tank tops. She felt a pout coming on as she realized she wouldnt get to show off her tattoo anymore today.
Uh oh, what happened? Andi asked as she materialized next to Ronnie.
Where did you go? Ronnie demanded. Andi raised her hands, palms out in the universal sign for calm down. Ronnie took a deep breath, knowing she shouldnt be upset with her friend since it was her idea to show off her tattoo alone. She could have asked Andi to stay with her while she roamed through the senior hallway.
I had to use the bathroom. Why; what did I miss?
Do you want the part about Derrick Redding hitting on me or Miss Uppity telling me I look like I belong on a street corner? Ronnie blinked away tears. This wasnt happening the way she thought it would. Getting her tattoo was supposed to make her powerful, invincible to petty criticism. Instead, her self esteem was back in the toilet. She wondered if getting the tattoo was a bad idea.
First of all, you dont look like a hooker. You dont look any worse than half the girls in this school. You should see some of the freshmen. She shuddered and continued. Secondly, you need to turn that frown upside down because Derrick isnt the only one who likes what he sees; there are plenty of guys here who have already gotten a good look at you and are curious. And lastly, were finally upperclassmen. Dont let some older woman who obviously doesnt remember what its like to be a teenager make you feel crappy. Enjoy it while youre here, Andi explained. A smile tugged at Ronnies lips. Andi was right; she shouldnt let one old ladys comments ruin her day. There would be plenty of time to show off her tattoo and assert her newfound confidence, maybe even hang out with some of the guys that were talking about her already.
Yeah, youre right, Ronnie agreed and grinned as the five-minute warning bell rang. The girls looked at each other and giggled as they ran down the hall, getting jostled by everyone else also trying to get to their homeroom classes. Ronnie swore when one of the chopsticks fell out of her hair, clattering to the linoleum as her hair tumbled down her back. She swept up the chopstick, pulled the second one from her hair, and managed to shove them both into her bag as she reached her classroom. Andis homeroom was three doors down on the other side of the hallway. 
She looked and gave a little wave before turning to walk into her room only to find her way blocked by yet another guy. She wrinkled her nose when she realized she didnt recognize him. He stood only a few inches taller than her, kind of short for a guy, with straight black hair and dark, slightly slanted eyes. He wore black cargo pants, a black t-shirt that did nothing to hide his six-pack abs, and black combat boots. He looked her up and down and arched an eyebrow as he stepped aside.
After you, Princess, he said, making a sweeping gesture with his arm as he slightly bowed. Ronnie didnt know whether to be appalled or to laugh at him and didnt have time to make up her mind as their homeroom teacher asked if they would be joining them today. Cheeks warm, Ronnie walked into the room and sat in the first available seat. The guy in the doorway sat at the desk behind her and gave a small smirk that she pretended to ignore. Who the hell did this guy think he was? She looked across the room and smiled when she spotted Shawn sitting in the back corner. He smiled and nodded when he saw her, making her heart flutter.
Boyfriend or someone you wish was? the boy behind her whispered. Ronnie rolled her eyes. Her shoulders tightened as she tried to ignore him but he wasnt going to be dissuaded so easily.
Huh, well, if youre not going to answer, then Im going to guess, he continued. My guess would be that hes not your boyfriend but you want him to be. Since you didnt walk in with him, it makes me wonder if hes even interested in you. What is he, an oblivious friend? Or does he not even know you exist? Is that what this outfit is for; so he will finally see you?
Ronnies ears reddened and it took the last of her willpower to keep from turning around and telling him to shut up. She clenched her hands together on top of her desk, praying the teacher would call on either one of them just so he would stop talking. A million comebacks flashed through her mind, but she ground her teeth, knowing she would never say any of them. Despite her promise to herself to become her own person, she really didnt know how to go about doing that. She thought it would be easy once she got the tattoo, but she knew she was failing. Even showing it off this morning, the little bit that she was able to, had taken more courage than she normally possessedand Shawn didnt even see it. 
Thinking about Shawn took her mind off the jerk behind her and she managed to tune into what the teacher was saying. Unfortunately, it wasnt that interestingall the normal fist-day stuff about locker assignments and hall passing timesso she tuned out again, her mind wandering back to Shawn. She snuck another peek at him and was thrilled to find him watching heror at least thats what it looked like at first. He was actually looking at something behind her. She moved her head to get a better look and felt a tug on her hair.
Stop moving; Im almost done, the guy behind her muttered. Ronnie spun around.
What the hell do you think youre doing? she shrieked, unable to pretend ignorance anymore. She ran a hand over her hair and found a thin lock he had apparently been braiding. Her eyes narrowed as the rest of the class waited for his reaction. Even the teacher stopped talking.
I was bored, he muttered. And your hair is really pretty.
His fingertips traced old graffiti on his desk and his dark eyes met Ronnies as the rest of the class erupted in laughter. Anger colored her cheeks as she tried to look away from his steady gaze. She wished he wouldnt look at her that way, like she was the only one in the room with him. How could he think that when she was mad at him?
Keep your hands out of my hair, she growled at him and turned around. The teacher finally got the class under control and started handing out locker assignments. Ronnie prayed hers wasnt next to his as she walked into the hall to find her locker. Shawn met her at the door.
Whats going on with the new guy? Shawn asked. Ronnie reveled in the possessiveness of his tone. She rolled her eyes to keep from grinning.
He was braiding my hair. Hes such a jerk, she replied angrily and continued down the hall. She read the numbers on the metal locker and groaned aloud when her nightmare came true; the only consolation was that Shawns locker was on the other side of his. She glared at the back of the new guys head, his black hair glistening in the fluorescent lights, and wished he would go back to wherever he came from. She didnt even know his name and already she hated him. Shawn patted her shoulder as she turned towards her locker. She tried the combination three times but nothing happened. The locker wouldnt open. Another two minutes passed and almost everyone else was back in homeroom while she continued to fight with her locker. The only one left standing with her was the boy she hated.
Come on, you stupid thing, just open, she begged the locker as she spun the dial one last time.
Here, let me try, he offered. She ignored him as she lifted the latch but it refused to open. She wanted to scream. At her wits end, she handed him the paper with her combination and stepped aside. He spun the dial, stopped at the combination and had as much luck as shed had the last five minutes. He pounded the middle of the locker and tried again. This time the stupid thing opened.
Sometimes you just have to have a firm hand with these kinds of things, he told her as he handed back her combination. It might take you a few tries to get used to it.
Thanks, she grudgingly replied as she slammed the locker shut and followed him back to homeroom. By the time they walked in, everyone else had their schedules in hand and was preparing to head off to first hour. She retrieved her bag and purse and went to the teachers desk to get her schedule. The boy was already there getting his. He turned from the desk and held out a square piece of paper towards her.
Veronica, he said as he handed the paper to her. She raised an eyebrow and he smirked again. Well, since I know my own name, it only stands to reason that this is yours, he added. She rolled her eyes.
So, do I get to know your name since you know mine? she asked. The smirk stayed in place.
Dont worry, Princess, youll know it soon enough, he replied and sauntered out of the room. Ronnie stared after him with her mouth partially open, again wondering just who he thought he was. She swore as the bell rang and she realized she was late for her first class. This day was not turning into her best.
Chapter Eight

The rest of the morning didnt get any better for Ronnie. The boy, whose name was Gavin Clearwater, was in every one of her classes. By lunch, she wanted to cry. The only saving grace was that C and L were nowhere near each other in the alphabet so he couldnt sit by her to torment her further. Not that being so far away actually stopped him. He still followed her between classes and tugged on her hair every chance he got. He reminded her of a third grader.
So, whos the new guy? Andi asked as they sat down at a table in the cafeteria. Shawn sat near them entertaining a couple of guys also on the football team. Ronnie glanced at him but he barely paid them any attention as he continued telling tales about his trip to Florida. As if surfing and drinking were really all that exciting.
An infuriating ass, Ronnie grumbled and speared lettuce with her plastic fork so hard it broke. She threw down the broken fork and pushed away from the table to get another. She groaned when Gavin suddenly appeared next to her.
Now what? she cried. What could you possibly want to torture me about now?
Gavin raised an eyebrow and glanced down at his tray. Im getting lunch, he told her. But if that tortures you, I wont eat.
A smirk twitched on his lips. Ronnie let out an exasperated sigh before stomping off towards the plastic utensils. She grabbed a fork and turned around to return to her table. Anger simmered in her veins when she watched Gavin sit down in her empty seat, moving her tray over so it sat in front of the empty chair between him and Shawn. This couldnt be happening. From a few tables away, she watched Andi talk and laugh with Gavin, whose eyes kept darting to her. She glared at him as her stomach rumbled. She needed to eat. Andi turned and beamed at her as Ronnie stepped up to her new seat.
Oh, hey, I hope you dont mind, but Gavin had nowhere else to sit, Andi said. Ronnie glared at her.
Did what I said earlier mean nothing to you? Ronnie asked through clenched teeth.
What? Hes a cute infuriating ass, Andi argued. Gavin turned towards Ronnie with renewed interest.
You called me infuriating? he asked, his eyebrow arched again. She wondered if he did that just to irritate herbecause it was working.
I only spoke the truth, she replied primly as she sat down next to him.
Well, you know what they say; some of the best lovers start out as fighters.
Ronnies mouth fell open and her salad was left forgotten as she gaped at him. Had he really just said that? Did he think she would like him if he kept acting this way? Because that wasnt likely to happen. She liked a guy who paid attention to her, who was sweet to her, and genuinely seemed to care for her, not someone who was obnoxious and couldnt possibly care for her since they met only four hours ago.
What about lovers and fighters? Shawn spoke up. Ronnies ears reddened. This was so not the time for him to tune in.
Dont worry about it, man, its nothing you would understand. Isnt that right, Veronica? Gavin replied, his dark eyes amused as he waited for her to contest his statement. She glared at him, knowing if she tried to explain it, it would look like she was interested in Gavin or it would come out just how much she liked Shawn, both things that definitely couldnt happen.
Its Ronnie; Veronica is what my mother calls me, she told him and forced a smile as she turned towards Shawn. Dont worry about it, Shawn; its just something from class.
Oh, okay, but now that I have your attention, what are you doing Saturday night? he asked and her smile became genuine. This was too perfect! Now Gavin would see that Shawn was interested in her, too.
Nothing right now. What did you have in mind? she replied, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear.
Well, I wanted to take you out since I missed your birthday last weekend. I still owe you your gift.
Sounds great. Pick me up at seven?
He nodded and smiled. Yeah, that should be fine.
Sounds perfect, she murmured. Her heart did a flip as he grinned at her.
All right, man, first date, one of Shawns friends cheered and the guys laughed. Ronnie blushed as Shawn muttered something about it just being dinner. Oh really? Well, she would find a way to turn it into a date. She turned back to her salad and began eating, feeling Gavins eyes on her. When she glanced at him, he smirked. She ignored him and he started talking to Andi again. Good, Ronnie thought, maybe he would start dating Andi and leave her alone.
* * *
By the end of the day, after being hounded by Gavin all day, Ronnie felt like she needed to find a place to hide, so she escaped to The Reading Corner. She told Andi she would call her after dinner and walked the two blocks instead of turning to go home. The moment she walked in the double doors, she felt the tension leave her shoulders and released a deep breath. This was what she needed. Books were her sanctuary.  She hoped Gavin wasnt a reader.
Ronnie purchased a large mocha latte from the caf and then settled into an overstuffed chair near the teen section to read her book. Into the Stars was in her bag and she pulled it out. She was about to open the book when a shadow fell over her. Praying it wasnt Gavin coming to annoy her again, she looked up and smiled when she found Rick standing next to her chair. He wore black cargo pants and a dark blue polo shirt today. His golden hair still glinted in the light and he still looked extremely handsome.
I dont mean to interrupt since it looks like youre about to start a very good book, he teased. I just wanted to say you missed a very good poetry reading last night. Some semi-famous guy read this spectacular poem about a girl who disappears into the night. Im very sorry you missed it.
He moved toward the chair next to hers as he spoke and was seated by the time he finished talking. Ronnie watched him warily, unsure of what to do with himespecially after her day with Gavin. Of course, judging from last night, Rick was charming and interesting, nothing like Gavin. She sighed and settled back into her chair.
You look like youve had a rough day, he commented. She shrugged one shoulder, unsure if she wanted to get into it. One glance at Rick and the concern on his face had her talking.
Theres just this guy. Hes in all my classes and he bothers me.
Bothers you like hes interested in you or just to annoy you?
Ronnie wrinkled her nose. If hes interested in me, he has a very juvenile way of showing it. He keeps playing with my hair and he wont leave me alone. He even tried getting me to admit to the boy I like that I like him. She rolled her eyes. Hes such a jerk.
Well, you do have very pretty hair and it wouldnt surprise me if hes just doing all of those things to get you to notice him. Youre very beautiful.
Ronnie blushed and sipped her latte, unsure of what to say. She didnt get complimented often, especially not by older, cuter guys.
Theres no reason to be embarrassed by what is obviously true, he added. She was sure her cheeks would turn purple from blushing so much if he kept this up. Not that she wanted him to stop. After Shawn ignored her most of the day, she enjoyed having someone flirt with her. 
So tell me more about this annoying boy. Maybe if I know who he is, I can get rid of him for you, Rick offered. Ronnie shook her head.
No, its my problem; I doubt you know him anyway. Hes new to the area, and besides, at lunch today he was flirting with my best friend so maybe hes just using me to get to her, Ronnie replied and wondered why she defended Gavin. She looked at Rick, noticed the predatory gleam in his teal eyes, and felt like she would be throwing Gavin to the wolves if she said anymore.
Thank you though, she added. Ricks face relaxed into a smile, the gleam diminishing in his eyes.
Very well, though my offer stands as long as you might need it, he stated and she nodded. Im going to get a drink; can I refresh yours?
Ronnie shook her head as she held up her mostly full cup. Rick nodded and headed towards the caf. Ronnie watched him go and thought she saw something black and wispy wind around his legs as he stepped into the shadows of the caf. She blinked, he stepped into the light, and the illusion was gone. Wondering about what she just saw, she watched him order a drink and two scones before returning to her. A smile stretched her lips as he handed her one of the scones. It was blueberry, her favorite, and it was warm.
Cant keep your eyes off me, I see, he teased as she took a bite and heat crept into her cheeks. She thought about telling him what she saw but decided it must have been a trick of the light; surely shadows didnt twine themselves around legs like a cat.
Youre just so irresistible, she replied. He laughed, the hearty sound rolling down her back and giving her goosebumps. She shivered as she smiled at him.
Why dont I find a book and we can enjoy each others company while we read, he suggested a moment later. Ronnie nodded. She really wanted to start reading his book and now that she was relaxed, she knew she could enjoy it. While he went in search of something to read, she finished her treat and opened her book.
Chapter Nine
Ronnie got lost in Ricks book. From the first time Janet saw things in the shadows of her bedroom, Ronnie noticed an eerie similarity to her own life. Even Janet meeting Kid, the Starfighter who finally convinces her to join him in the fight to save the galaxy, felt reminiscent of meeting Gavin that morning. She didnt put down the book until she finished it. She had always been a fast reader and it wasnt a particularly long book. She felt like she just read a story about her life. Looking up at Rick, she blushed when she found him watching her instead of reading the book that lay open on his lap.
Not a good book? she asked nodding towards it.
Youre much more interesting, he replied and Ronnie looked away. What did you think of it?
It was very interesting. Honestly, it reminded me a lot of what my day was like today, except for all the Starfighter stuff. Its like you followed me around all day, wrote down everything that happened and then published it.
He chuckled. I assure you, you would have known if I followed you around. The annoying boy wouldnt have bothered you. I wish you would tell me who he is. Even if I dont know him, I can find out who he is and make sure he leaves you alone.
Ronnie shook her head, feeling slightly guilty for bringing it up in the first place. Even Kid, as annoying as he was to Janet, had turned out to be a good guy. No, its okay. I appreciate the offer, but I think I can handle him. She smiled to show she would be okay and then jumped when her purse vibrated next to her leg. She vaguely wondered what time it was as she fished her phone out of her purse and answered.
Are you coming home tonight? her mom demanded. Ronnie cringed, her moms tone cutting through her good mood.
Mom, hi; what time is it?
Its almost six. I was going to put dinner on the table but theres no one here to eat it. Where are you? Andrea said she hasnt seen you since you left school.
Im sorry, Mom; I needed to get away so I came to The Reading Corner. I guess I lost track of time.
Well, put down whatever book youre reading and get home. You know, Brian would have called if he wasnt coming home straight from school. I cant believe you didnt call.
Yeah, Mom, I know; I said Im sorry. Ill be home soon.
Ronnie ended the call before her mom could yell at her some more, anger simmering in her veins at yet again being compared to her too-perfect brother. Just once she wished her parents would let her make mistakes without telling her she needed to be like Brian. Her name was Veronica, not Brian; apparently her mom forgot that. She grimaced as she dropped her phone back into her purse and shoved her book back into her bag. She glanced up at Rick and wasnt surprised to see him still watching her, concern etched on his handsome face.
Everything okay? he asked. She shook her head and stood up. He stood with her.
I need to go home, she told him as she slung her bag and purse over her shoulder.
Can I walk you? he offered. Her spirits soared before they plummeted. She wanted him to walk her home, but she knew her mom would freak out if she came home with some unknown guy. Even meeting him at the bookstore didnt mean he was harmless, at least according to her mom. She sadly shook her head.
No, Im sorry, but I have to go alone. My moms already upset that I didnt call when I came here and she will completely freak out if I show up with some guy she doesnt know.
Why, do I look dangerous? His teal eyes twinkled with amusement, making her smile.
It would almost be easier if you did, Ronnie admitted.
He chuckled. Okay, then, can I at least walk you out of the store?
I guess that would be okay.
She smiled as Rick placed a hand on the small of her back and walked her up to the front of the store. The distance seemed too short and she wished she could let him walk her home. She sighed and turned towards him to say goodbye. Her breath caught in her throat as he reached up and tucked a piece of hair behind her ear. Her ear tingled where his fingers brushed it.
We must keep meeting like this, he insisted with a grin. Ronnie giggled and nodded.
That would be nice. I dont think I can come every day, though.
Whatever day you can, I will be here. Now go, before your mother comes here and skins me alive for spending time with her beautiful daughter.
Ronnie laughed at the thought and turned towards the door. See you later, she said over her shoulder.
Until next time, Rick agreed and Ronnie walked out into the night.
Purple and pink hues already painted the sky when she walked outside and she wondered what was going on. It looked like eight oclock when it was barely six. She shivered as a breeze blew, lifting her hair and making it dance around her head. Adjusting the straps of her bag and purse on her shoulder, she crossed her arms and started down the street. She only had to walk five blocks to get home. It was going to be a long walk.
The first block was well lit and easy to navigate. Ronnie walked past the brightly lit shops without a problem. The second block was more residential, meaning there were more shadows. At first, she thought the sounds around her were just her imagination. 
Save the princess, someone whispered on the wind. Ronnie spun around, the back of her neck tingling like someone was watching her. She tried to look deeper into the shadows between the houses but couldnt see anything. 
Or could she? 
She squinted and thought she saw something shimmering next to the house across the street. A low hiss reached her ears. She turned around again, her heart pounding as she remembered her dream from the other night. Were those things out here now? Were they going to protect her or hurt her? She didnt know. Her eyes darted to the shadows across the street again and this time she was sure something slithered through the darkness towards her. White eyes glowed in the dark and she yelped as she backed away and started running down the street. The hiss turned into some kind of growl and a scream lodged in her throat as her heels click-clacked on the pavement. Blood pounded in her ears as she tried to look over her shoulder, but she couldnt see anything. She turned halfway around and the shadows were suddenly in front of her face. She screamed as she skidded to a halt, blinded by a sudden bright light just before she slammed into a hard body. She fell to the ground, her limbs tangled with the person she ran into, and she struggled to get away.
Hold still before you kill someone with those heels, Gavin grumbled as strong arms embraced her. Ronnie immediately stopped fighting, lying on the ground and breathing hard as she tried to get her bearings. She had run into Gavin. What was he doing out here? Was he following her?
Were you following me? she spat at him, some of her adrenaline swapped for anger now that her heart rate slowed towards normal. He gave her a wry look she could barely see in the increasing darkness.
Yes, I was following you; I have nothing better to do than stalk you, he replied. She glared at him as she struggled to sit up.
Were you making the noises, too? Did you think it was funny to scare the crap out of me?
He sat up and became more alert, all pretense of fun gone. What noises?
The slithering and the whispers.
His eyes darted around in the darkness, making Ronnie think he believed her, but then he looked at her again, his signature smirk in place. No, that wasnt me. I dont slither and if I was going to talk to you, I wouldnt whisper. Are you sure you heard all that?
So you didnt say anything about saving the princess?
He arched an eyebrow. Do you really think I would? Just because it looks like I saved your ass doesnt mean I meant to do it.
What the hell does that mean? She shook her head and slowly got to her feet. Her knees shook and she wobbled in her heels. In an instant, Gavin was on his feet with his hand at her elbow to help steady her.
Youre the only one I know who calls me Princess, she added weakly. A wry smile replaced his smirk.
Thats because you act like one, he replied. She frowned at him.  She didnt have the energy for anything else. Now that she was calming down, embarrassment crept over her as she realized how she was acting. He must think Im crazy. She grimaced and shuffled her feet, which he must have taken for unsteadiness because he slipped his arm around her waist, holding her close as he kept her on her feet. Ronnie should have been mortified but found she could only feel grateful when she attempted one wobbly step and he caught her.
Thanks, she whispered, her cheeks burning. She couldnt believe this was happening. So much for being a strong female; the first sign of shadowy figures and she ran away screaming and needed to be rescued. She hung her head and blinked away tears. The last thing she wanted to do was cry in front of him. She would probably never hear the end of it.
Ill walk you home, Gavin offered, ignoring Ronnies tears. She nodded but kept her head down. Gavin leaned down and scooped up her bag and purse. Her book had fallen out and he frowned as he read the cover. His eyebrows rose and a frown creased his brow as he looked up at her, holding up the book.
Where did you get this? he asked.
The Reading Corner, she told him. Why?
Have you read it?
Yes. Why was he acting weird about a book? Just because her life mirrored that of the main character didnt mean any of it was real. 
And? he continued. Ronnie frowned at him.
And what? It was a good book.
You read this book and then run down a darkened street and think something is after you. Now really, where did you get this book?
I bought it. Whats the big deal? Its just a story.
You dont think any of it is real?
Of course not.
Ronnie was puzzled as relief washed over Gavins face. Had he read the book and thought the things inside it were real? She hoped not; that would make him crazier than her. Shaking her head, she snatched the book out of his hand. Her strength returned now that he basically called her crazy and she stepped out of his semi-embrace. She grabbed her bag and purse out of his other hand, slung them over her shoulder and started down the street in the direction of home. Her mom was already mad that she hadnt come home after school and this little incident had made her even later. Her mom was going to kill her now.
What are you doing? she asked when Gavin fell into step next to her.
Walking you home. I wouldnt want any other shadows or disembodied voices to freak you out.
Ronnie rolled her eyes and kept walking. What were you doing out here anyway? It cant just be coincidence that you found me like that. And what was that bright light?
A flashlight; I didnt mean to shine it in your eyes. Im staying a couple blocks over and I was out for a walk when I heard you scream so I came running. He shrugged like it was no big deal, his hands shoved into his pockets.
Do you always rescue damsels in distress?
Only when its you; any other damsels have to find their own Prince Charming.
Ronnie laughed out loud. This was the nicest he had been to her since they met that morning. A genuine smile stretched across his face and for a moment Ronnie saw how cute he really could be. If only he would drop the sarcasm, he would be one hell of a catch. She might even want to date him. Ronnie shook her head to shoo away that last thought. What was she thinking? Gavin annoyed her to no end. Just because he did one nice thing for her didnt mean he wouldnt be irritating tomorrow. Besides, she had a date with Shawn. Shawn was perfect compared to Gavin.
What; you dont find me charming? he asked, pretending to pout. The expression was adorable with his dark good looks. She smiled at him.
Right now you are, but you were a jerk for most of the day, she replied. The jurys still out on what I really think of you.
Good, that means I have time to change your mind about me. Im really not as bad as you think I am.
Ronnie gave him a disbelieving look. Yeah right, she said doubtfully. Ill believe that when I see it.
Hey now, I didnt have to rescue you tonight.
You said yourself you did. You heard me scream and you came running.
It couldve been anyone screaming. I heard someone in trouble and came to help.
Ronnie fought to keep the smile off her face as she shook her head. I know what really happened tonight and if you keep it up, I might actually like you.
Whos to say you dont already? His eyes twinkled as a mischievous grin spread across his face. Her mouth fell open. He couldnt be serious!
YouYou annoy the hell out of me! she sputtered. You do one nice thing for me and now you think I have to worship the ground you walk on. Youre impossible! She threw her hands up in exasperation and was grateful to see her house at the end of the block. 
Well, you dont really have to worship me, but I wont argue if you think you should.
See; impossible! 
He chuckled as she shoved him away. She huffed and crossed her arms, intent on ignoring him the last two hundred feet to her house. He didnt stop laughing, though now he must be laughing because she was pouting. She glared at him.
Youre just so adorable when youre mad, he teased. She took a swing at him. He caught her fist before it connected with his shoulder and swatted it away. She stared at him in awe; she had never seen anyone move so fast. 
Who are you? she whispered. Her arm dropped back to her side.
You already know; Im the annoying new guy.
Yeah, the annoying new guy who appears out of thin air and moves with lightning fast reflexes.
He shrugged but didnt say anything. Ronnie frowned at him and opened her mouth to say something more when her mom called out to her.
Veronica Sue Lambert, get your ass in this house now! her mom yelled from the open front door. Ronnies cheeks reddened as she turned away from Gavin.
Guess thats my cue to go, she told him and suddenly felt nervous as she looked back at him. Thanks.
He smiled and her heart flip-flopped in her chest. Any time, Princess.
Ronnie turned and walked away before she said or did anything she would regret, like try to kiss him. The way he looked at her just now, how sincere and inviting he had been, it did funny things to her head. She needed to get away from him. She liked Shawn. She had liked Shawn for two years. Shawn was perfect for her. She frowned. Even to her own ears, it sounded like she was trying to convince herself it was true. She just couldnt like Gavin; she would kill him for being so annoying before anything could happen. She stepped around her mom, cowering before the womans glare as she entered the house.
Is he the reason you didnt come home today? her mom snapped as her dad came into the kitchen.
No, Mom, he just walked me home. I told you why I didnt come home. Ronnie sighed, all the fight gone out of her due to her confusion over Gavin. She knew it was no use worrying about it. Gavin would annoy her again tomorrow and everything would go back to normal.
Who walked you home? her dad spoke up, instantly on alert because of the pronoun he. Ronnie rolled her eyes.
Some guy from school. Dont worry, Daddy, Im sure he wont be around much. He just walked me home; I dont even like him, Ronnie assured her dad and sat down at the table. Her parents exchanged a look that told Ronnie they didnt believe her and sat down with her.
Chapter Ten

Much to her dismay, Ronnie dreamed about Gavin that night. They walked through a grayish inky darkness. Beyond the gray, she could see indistinct shapes of a house, a car, even a person walking by. Gavin held her hand as they walked because she knew she would get lost if she let go. It was like they were in between her world and wherever he was taking her.
Gavin stopped and swore as he reached into his cargo pocket, letting go of her hand and pushing her behind him at the same time. Ronnies heart pounded. She wanted to grab onto him but she didnt want to hinder whatever he was going to do. A moment later, a large black shadowy spider scuttled out of the darkness towards them. Gavin raised the object he took out of his pocket, a curved double-edged sword that seemed to pulse with life. He swiped at the spider and it screamed as two of its shadowy legs fell away. Despite its loss, the spider attacked again and Gavin thrust his sword at its body, sinking the blade to the hilt. The spider screamed again as it dissipated back into the shadows.
Just then, Ronnie heard a low growling hiss behind her and spun around. A scream erupted from her throat when she spotted a large black dog with matted fur and white glowing eyes prowling towards her. She pressed her back against Gavins and raised her hands, though she didnt know what to do. Suddenly, another sword similar to Gavins, this one with a straight double-edged blade, appeared in her hands. She held it with two hands the way shed seen Gavin do and waited for the shadowy beast to get closer. She took a deep breath and swallowed down the panic trying to overcome her. The shadow dog growled and lunged at her. Ronnie raised her sword to strike and the creature impaled itself on her blade. She stared in awe as its form vanished back into the shadows. She turned around and found Gavin grinning at her, pride shining bright in his dark eyes. He put his arm around her shoulders and started leading her through the shadows again.
Ronnie gasped as she started to wake up. She could still feel Gavins arm around her. And was someone stroking her hair? She snuggled down into her pillow and found a hard, warm leg clothed in soft fabric instead. Her hand slid down the leg and found a square pocket on the pants.
Gavin, she murmured, wondering if this was still a dream as she struggled to wake up more.
Shh, go back to sleep, he whispered as he continued to stroke her hair. Youre still dreaming.
Okay, she sighed as sleep overtook her once more.
* * *
Ronnie woke up the next morning with Gavins name on her lips. She could still feel him with her. In fact, he was shaking her awake.
Gavin, stop, she mumbled as she pushed his hand away.
Um, no, Andi spoke up. Ronnies eyes flew open. She stared up at Andi in horror, making her best friend laugh.
Though I am going to want to know what he was doing you wanted him to stop, Andi added with a smirk. Ronnie pushed her hair out of her face and sat up when she saw how late it was. No wonder Andi was here; it was almost six-thirty. How had she missed her alarm? She reached for her cell phone and saw the alarm screen flashing.
WhatHowOh my god, Ronnie sputtered as she threw the blankets aside.
Okay, chill out. Obviously, theres no time for a shower. Go wash your face and Ill put an outfit together, Andi instructed. Ronnie nodded as she scrambled out of bed and ran out of the room. She locked the bathroom door and stared hard at herself in the mirror. What had she dreamed about Gavin last night? And why was she still thinking about him this morning? She grimaced as she turned on the cold water and splashed her face a couple times. Just because he was nice to her last night and saved her from, well, whatever it was that happened, that was no reason for him to suddenly invade her dreams. She thought of Gavin teasing her about liking him and shook her head. She didnt like himand she would prove it today.
She washed her face and returned to her room to put on the outfit Andi chose for her: a pair of black capris, a white short-sleeved kimono top, and black ballet flats; cool, cute and chic. She whipped her hair into a braid down her back, swiped on some mascara and was ready to go. After grabbing her book bag and purse, she followed Andi out of the house, thankful her parents were already gone today because she didnt know how visible her tattoo was.
So, you have a lot of explaining to do, Andi began once they were in her car and on their way to school. Ronnie blushed, wondering where she should begin; escaping to the bookstore and running into Rick, Gavin walking her home; or the weird dream. She sighed and decided to wait for Andis first question.
Where were you yesterday? Andi asked. Your mom called freaking out because you werent home yet.
I went to The Reading Corner. Gavin drove me crazy yesterday and I needed to escape, Ronnie admitted.
Thats another thing; if the guy drove you crazy, why were you dreaming about him?
Ronnies cheeks burned as she thought about the dream and the impression of him being with her in her room. She knew she couldnt tell Andi about any of that because Andi would accuse her of liking Gavin.
I dont know; I guess he just annoyed me so much that he got into my dreams, Ronnie finally said.
Yeah, right; thats why you were all Gavin, stop this morning. Andi pretended to swoon. Ronnie glared at her as her best friend giggled.
Shut up, she hissed. Andi beamed at her.
All I can say is its going to be interesting once we see him at school.
Interesting was not the word Ronnie would have used for it; nerve wracking was more like it. They got to school with just enough time to go to their lockers to get their books before running off to their first classes. Ronnie said goodbye to Andi and headed for her locker. She fought with it until she remembered Gavins secret and banged on the door. It popped open and she smiled as she pulled out the books she needed until lunch. She was about to close her locker when hands suddenly covered her eyes.
Guess who, a deep voice said and for one wild moment, Ronnie thought it was Gavin. She almost said his name and then realized the voice was different, not the right timbre. She silently scolded herself for thinking it was Gavin when she knew who it was; it was the boy she used to think of first.
Shawn, she said as she turned around. He grinned at her as she closed her locker.
How did you know? he asked.
Who else would it be?
He shrugged. I dont know. So, what happened this morning? Did you just get here?
Ronnie nodded. Yeah, I overslept. Andi had to get me up, actually.
His smile softened into something more intimate. Ronnies heart pounded, unable to believe Shawn was flirting with her. Yesterday, he acted like Friday night was no big deal; now, maybe he thought it was a date.
Maybe I shouldve come to your house; I couldve woken you up this morning, he added. Ronnie blushed, her eyes locked on his intense gaze. She thought about waking up with Gavins name on her lips and looked away; that would not have been good. It would have been awkward and she didnt even have a good explanation for it.
No, I doubt my mom wouldve let you, she replied quietly. The warning bell rang and she looked up.
Guess thats my cue to go. Where are you headed? he asked.
English, room 216.
Damn, Ive got Biology. Guess Ill see you in Homeroom.
Yeah, Ill see you then.
She watched him trot down the hallway, confused by what just happened. He had flirted with her and acted genuinely interested in her. Her confusion turned to excitement and she grinned when he looked back and caught her staring at him. He waved and then disappeared around the corner. She started down the hall when she heard a locker open behind her. Her shoulders tensed and her stomach clenched. She knew who it was without turning around.
Hey, Princess, wait up a minute, Gavin called to her. She bit her lower lip as she stopped. A moment later, his locker closed and then he was next to her.
Where did you get the tattoo? he asked, flipping her braid over her left shoulder so he could get a good look at it. She flipped her braid back as she turned her back away from him.
Why? she replied as she faced him. He wore another pair of black cargo pants and a burgundy t-shirt that fit as well as yesterdays black one. She hated that she noticed that.
Because I have one, too, and I just wanted to know. He pushed up the right sleeve of his shirt and Ronnie gasped when she saw a matching tattoo on his shoulder. Images from the dream the night she got her tattoo flashed in her mind. All those creatures had the same mark. Gavin grinned as though he knew her thoughts, though his eyes were guarded.
I got it at Oak Street Ink on Saturday, she told him. Where did you get yours?
At home.
She frowned at him. Thats not an answer.
Its the only one youre getting.
The bell rang and Ronnie groaned. Now they were late for class and they were going to walk in together. The only saving grace was that this was one of the few classes she had without Shawn or Andi; neither of them could ask what was going on. Gavin seemed to understand her internal dilemma and grinned as he draped an arm over her shoulders.
Come on, Princess, Ill walk you to class, he said. She rolled her eyes as they started down the hall.
Chapter Eleven

Gavin sat with them at lunch again and it was almost enough to make Ronnie wish she could leave school to eat. She thought about skipping her afternoon classes just to get away for a while. It wasnt that Gavin was being annoying all morning; in fact, from the moment they walked into English together, he had been nothing but nice. He opened doors for her, walked her to class (which was expected since they had every class together) and even helped with her locker when she had to make an emergency stop between third and fourth periods. She knew he was just trying to get her to like him... and she wished it werent working. Yesterday, he was an annoying jerk and today he was killing her with kindness. She wished he would make up his mind.
How did you sleep last night? Gavin asked as Ronnie was about to dig into her salad. She dropped her plastic fork. Her cheeks heated as she wondered what he was going to say next. She looked down at her plate as she retrieved her fork but she didnt start eating. 
Why? she asked hesitantly. 
Well, I just thought after what happened, you might not sleep well, he replied. She glanced up at him. The knowing look in his eyes heated her cheeks even more; it was as if he knew she had dreamed about him.
Whoa, wait a minute; what happened last night? Shawn interrupted from the other side of Ronnie. The possessive tone of his voice turned her gaze to him and for a moment she was annoyed that he was glaring at Gavin. She glanced at Gavin again, a move she knew made it look like something happened between them, and frowned at the smirk now on Gavins face. This was not going to end well no matter what she said. She turned back to Shawn and put a hand on his arm.
Gavin walked me home last night, she told him. I was coming out of The Reading Corner and he caught up with me and insisted on walking me home.
Shawn tore his gaze from Gavin and looked down at her. Ronnie tried to smile but she could see that Shawn didnt really believe her. Uh huh, so tell me what really happened when he walked you home, he sneered. Ronnie frowned at him. His possessiveness was not cute anymore.
Why would you think something happened? she snapped at him, realizing too late how defensive she sounded and knowing what his reaction would be. His face clouded with anger as Gavin interrupted.
Look, man, it was just a walk; if you had been there, you would have done the same thing, Gavin spoke up.
Why didnt you call me if you wanted to be walked home? Shawn asked Ronnie, some of his anger gone.
Because it wasnt until today that you acted like you even noticed me, Ronnie blurted out and covered her mouth with her hands. That wasnt what she meant to say.
What does that mean? Shawn asked, looked genuinely confused. Ronnie refrained from rolling her eyes as she answered him.
Yesterday, you hardly paid any attention to me, even after you asked me out for Friday night. Even though he was annoying as all hell, Gavin was there. And when he turned up last night as I was walking home, I was a little freaked out because of some stupid book I read so I was glad for the company. I would rather it was you but calling you didnt come to mind.
Ronnie looked down at her now unappetizing salad, pushed away from the table and stalked away to throw out her food. She couldnt believe she said all that to Shawn. She wondered what he would do about it. Andi appeared next to her when she was almost to the garbage cans.
That was rough; is that really what happened last night? Andi asked. Ronnie nodded.
Yep; I got freaked out by a stupid book and he walked me home. He was even nice about it when he dropped me off at the door.
No wonder you dreamed about him last night; you were probably trying to figure him out.
Ronnie gratefully nodded as she threw away her lunch. She knew she would be hungry after school, but right now she couldnt stomach the thought of food while two guys fought over her.
So, whats up with Shawn? Andi wondered as they walked back to their table. A glance in that direction showed Ronnie the two guys II started physically fighting yet. Thank God.
I dont know; its a mystery to me, too. This morning he showed up and was being all cute and flirting with me. He even walked me from Homeroom to second period. Ronnie shrugged. I dont know, but its what Ive wanted for two years so I dont really question it. Except now, when he acts like that; I hate possessive guys. I really wish I knew what changed.
The girls sat down and Andi continued eating while Ronnie struggled to ignore the guys on either side of her. It wasnt easy. They were both people she was way too aware of. She looked up when Shawn tugged on her braid and was relieved to see he wasnt upset anymore.
Sorry about yesterday, he apologized. Ronnie smiled. Why dont you come to practice today and Ill take you home afterwards.
Okay; Id like that, she replied and the bell rang to end the lunch period.
* * *
The afternoon passed much like the morning for Ronnie, the only difference being Shawn showing up to walk her to most of her classes. Shawns sudden change of heart confused her and she decided to ask him about it when he took her home. She looked forward to football practice; she and Andi used to sit in the bleachers last year and watch him after school almost every day. It would almost be like old times, only this time she suspected Shawn knew exactly how she felt about him.
Ronnie went to her locker at the end of the day and was proud of herself when she managed to open it without Gavins help. He also seemed impressed as he shoved most of his books into his locker and was waiting for her when she was done at hers.
You dont have to hang around today; Shawns taking me home after practice, she told Gavin as Andi walked up to them.
Well, I might need someone to hang out with since you two will be wrapped up in each other, so he can stay, Andi spoke up and wound her arm through Gavins as she started down the hall. Ronnie watched them go, wondering what Andi was up to as she slowly followed them. They walked outside together and found about half the seats in the bleachers full. They sat in the middle of the fifth row, Ronnie between Andi and Gavin. Ronnie gave Andi a questioning look that her friend ignored as she turned to watch the action on the football field. Gavin got Ronnies attention by tugging on her braid and she turned towards him.
Nice braid, by the way, he said. She smiled.
Thanks. I overslept this morning.
Dreaming about someone? The knowing look was back in his eyes as he gave her a cocky grin. Ronnie blushed as she looked out at the field and spotted Shawn.
I was dreaming about someone, she replied unable to look at Gavin. Did he know she was lying; could he know she dreamed about him? To distract herself, she pulled her braid over her shoulder, pulled out the rubber band and began running her fingers through her hair to take out the braid.
You should let me redo that, Gavin spoke up.
How do you know how to braid hair? Thats not exactly something guys learn around here. She wrinkled her nose as she tried to picture Shawn braiding her hair. It just wasnt happening. He had played with her hair before and only managed to knot it up. Gavin really knew what he was doing.
He shrugged one shoulder. I was raised by my mom and two older sisters. Sometimes we didnt have the money to get their hair done, so it was something I learned. He glanced at the field and then leaned towards her as a slow smile spread across his face. You know, thats not the only thing my hands are good at.
Ronnies eyes widened and she heard Andi gasp behind her. Did he really just say that? Her disbelief was interrupted by the sudden appearance of a football coming straight for Gavins head. She noticed it a moment before he did and opened her mouth to say something, but he had already turned and caught the ball. She gaped at him, her mouth hanging open, as he stood up and threw the ball back to the field. He sat down again and smirked as he reached out to gently close her mouth.
I think your boyfriend is jealous, he commented. Ronnie blushed as she looked out at the field. Sure enough, Shawn was watching them. She managed to smile and wave at him before the coach called him back into the huddle. She was about to say something to Gavin about Shawn not being her boyfriend yet when Andi suddenly grabbed the back of her shirt and pulled her away. She stumbled and caught herself as she stood up to walk with her best friend.
Did you hear what he said to you? He was totally hitting on you, Andi hissed, her eyes darting towards Gavin as she spoke.
Yeah, Andi, I was there, too; I know what he said, Ronnie replied. I cant believe it either.
Andis brow creased as she gave Ronnie an assessing look, complete with a hand on her hip. Cant believe it because you dont expect him to flirt with you or cant believe it because you want him to?
Ronnies mouth fell open for the second time in as many minutes. She shook her head as she stared at her best friend. What the hell are you talking about?
Hes always around and today he has been exceptionally nice to you. After he walked you home last night and you woke up talking about him, I just wonder how you really feel about him. I mean, you have to admit, hes a gorgeous guy and he can be charming when he isnt a jerk. It might be natural if you liked him.
Ronnie stared at Andi as she finally realized what was going on. She couldnt believe thisor wait to see how it would turn out. If you like him so much, you go out with him. I have Shawn and Shawn finally likes me, she told Andi. Andis cheeks pinked and her hand fell away from her hip.
And next time you like a guy, please dont accuse me of liking him; just say it, she added. Andi nodded. Her eyes darted to where Gavin sat and she blushed when she saw him watching themor rather, watching Ronnie. Andi sighed and sat down on the bleacher behind her, her head propped up on one hand.
What; what happened? Ronnie asked as she sat down, too. She glanced at Gavin and saw him watching them. Hes looking at us.
No, hes looking at you. He likes you, Andi replied sullenly. Ronnies stomach knotted with guilt.
Well, he cant have me. I have Shawn, she insisted. Andi shook her head.
And what if that falls through? Hes always going to be there. Hes around you every second of the day. And if he keeps up this nice act, you could like him, too. Theres no chance for me.
Ronnie wrapped an arm around Andis shoulders and wondered if she could talk to Gavin about this. Maybe she could get him to see what a great girl Andi was. Maybe he would fall in love with Andi and leave her alone to pursue Shawn. She sighed and leaned her head against Andis.
Boys are stupid sometimes, she declared.
Chapter Twelve

Football practice lasted until four-thirty that afternoon. To the girls surprise, Gavin walked down the bleachers with them. 
What are you doing? Andi asked as Gavin stopped with them outside the locker room. Gavin gave her an expectant look that made her heart flutter.
I thought we were going to hang out, he told her. Unless you dont want to now.
Andi grinned. Oh no, I want you to, Andi insisted. He smiled as he held out his arm.
Then lets go. Im sure Shawn will be out soon.
Yeah, go ahead, Ronnie agreed. Andi shot her a huge grin that Gavin pretended not to see. Andi and Gavin told her goodbye and Ronnie watched them go, her stomach knotted in something she refused to acknowledge as jealousy. She had Shawnand Shawn actually wanted her now.
She didnt have to wait long for him to come out of the locker room. His blond waves were damp from a shower and he smelled like Irish Spring soap. It was intoxicating. He shifted his equipment bag to his left shoulder and draped his right arm over Ronnies shoulders as they started away from the field, towards the student lot where Shawn had parked early this morning.
Where are the other two? he asked.
Gavins hanging out with Andi for a while, Ronnie replied.
Good, he said darkly. Ronnie frowned at him.
Whats up with you today? You were a jerk at lunch and now youre acting like youre jealous of Gavin. Trust me, theres nothing to be jealous about.
Why would I be jealous of Gavin and Andi?
No, youre jealous of Gavin and me. And Im trying to tell you theres nothing to be jealous about. There is no Gavin and me.
He studied her for a moment and then sighed. Good, lets keep it that way.
Well, if some big oaf would ask me on a proper date or even to be his girlfriend, he could stop being jealous and wouldnt have to worry about some other guy liking me.
Shawn stopped walking next to his car and turned to her. He ran a hand through his hair while Ronnie waited for him to say something. Her heart fluttered in her chest. This was it; this was the moment Shawn would become her boyfriend. She couldnt suppress a grin as he started to speak.
Look, about yesterday, youre going to think Im a jerk, but until he started paying attention to you, I know I didnt. And when I saw you yesterday all cute in that short skirt and top, I felt like I was seeing you for the first time. This wasnt the girl I had always known; you had suddenly grown up and I didnt know how to react to that. So I didnt. Except for asking you out Friday night, I tried to deny what I was starting to feel. And then last night, I asked myself why I was doing it. I mean, I already know how you feel. Ronnies cheeks flushed. She thought she hid it better. He smiled as he reached up to brush a piece of hair out of her face, tucking it behind her ear. So I decided we should try this. I was going to be nicer to you, show you I am interested, and it worked except that Gavin was by your side all day again.
Ronnie grinned as she reached up and took his hand, twining her fingers with his. Trust me, thats not my fault. Hes in all my classes. Id get rid of him if I could.
Okay, Ill take that. He swung their hands between them, both of them smiling. So, I was thinking Friday night could be a real date, he said, his blue eyes twinkling. Ronnie wanted to jump for joy. This was what she had been waiting two years for!
I think we can do that, she agreed and giggled. She couldnt wait to tell Andi.
Shawn grinned. And Id like to flirt with you and see if we can make it work as a couple, he added. Ronnie nodded, her grin so big her face hurt. Youve been my best friend for a very long time and I know they say sometimes best friends make the best lovers, so maybe that will happen with us.
I will do and be anything you want, Ronnie agreed and blushed when she realized what that statement encompassed. Well, almost anything. Im still not ready for some things, she added hastily. He chuckled.
And I wont ask you to do anything youre not ready for, he promised and raised their linked hands to kiss the back of hers. Ronnie giggled again. Giddy disbelief clouded her mind as she and Shawn finally climbed into the front seats of his car. Holding her hand once again, Shawn started the car and headed for her house. Ronnie continued to grin at him, her heart light. This was everything she had wanted.
They arrived at Ronnies house and her mom met them at the door. 
Good, youre home. Hello, Shawn, her mom greeted them as Shawn followed Ronnie inside.
Hi, Mrs. Lambert, Shawn replied and her mom smiled.
Veronica, what do you want for dinner tonight? Dont forget, you have your book club meeting at seven, her mom reminded her and Ronnie grinned. Shawn, are you joining us tonight?
Shawn looked at Ronnie and she nodded. Yes, Mrs. Lambert, I think I will. Thank you, he agreed.
Why dont we have pizza? Ronnie suggested. I still have a few pages left to read in tonights book.
She moved towards the stairs still holding Shawns hand. They were almost to the bottom step when her mom stopped them.
Shawn, you can stay down here while Veronica runs upstairs to get her book, her mom spoke up. Ronnies heart fell. She wanted more time alone with him. She and Shawn shared a smile as her mom went back to the kitchen to order a pizza.
Ill be right back, Ronnie told him and disappeared upstairs. Once in her bedroom, she pulled out her cell phone and called Andi.
Youll never guess what happened, Ronnie exclaimed when Andi answered. Andi laughed.
Then youll have to tell me, Andi replied.
Shawn decided he wants Friday night to be a real date and he wants to try being boyfriend-girlfriend.
Oh my god, thats awesome! So, Friday nights going to be pretty special then.
Yeah, Im totally going to need help getting ready. I dont know what to wear. I dont know what Im supposed to do. I dont even know what were going to do.
Andi laughed. Im pretty sure thats up to him. Everything will be fine. You can freak out about it more Friday while were getting ready. But I have to go; Gavins still here and I dont want him to think Im ignoring him.
Oh, okay; have fun.
They said goodbye and hung up. Ronnie put her phone away, grabbed her copy of Prom and Prejudice by Elizabeth Eulberg and headed downstairs. She found Shawn sitting on the couch in the living room and snuggled up next to him, opening the book as he wrapped an arm around her shoulders.
So, what did Andi have to say? he asked. Ronnie giggled as she blushed. He chuckled.
She says hi and Gavins still there so we couldnt talk long, Ronnie admitted. And shes going to help me get ready Friday night.
Whatever you wear or whatever you look like is fine; youre beautiful just the way you are, Shawn stated.
Whats going on Friday night? Ronnies mom asked as she came into the room with the days paper. Ronnie didnt move from her place in Shawns arms even though Shawn squirmed a bit. Her mom couldnt stop them; it wasnt like they were making out or anything.
Shawns taking me out on our first date, Ronnie declared smiling up at Shawn.
If its okay with you and Mr. Lambert, Shawn added nervously. Ronnie rolled her eyes.
As long as you come to the door to pick her up and have her home by eleven, its fine with me, Ronnies mom told them. Where are you taking her?
We were going to go to The Fortune Fountain for dinner.
Ronnies mom considered this for a moment and Ronnie prayed she wouldnt ruin this for her. She had waited two very long years to have this date. Okay, thats fine; my original stipulations stand, her mom finally agreed. Ronnie let out a breath as relief washed over her.
Ronnie settled against Shawn again and looked down at the book in her lap.  Her mom sat down across the room in one of two overstuffed chairs and opened the paper. Shawn asked Ronnie about the book and she told him what it was aboutand yes, it was a very good book. She had been too busy to finish it over the weekend like she wanted to. Of course, getting electrocuted always seemed to mess up ones plans. 
She thought about everything that happened since her birthday and couldnt believe that had only been four days ago; it felt like a lifetime since she got the tattoo. She met Rick, who she thought was handsome and charming if not a little old for her; she  experienced her first kiss; she met Gavin, who could be nice when he wanted and might be dating her best friend now; and Shawn finally asked her out. She couldnt wait to see what the next four days had in store. But first, she had a book club meeting tonight and she needed to finish this book. With a sigh, she pushed all other thoughts out of her head. The book wasnt going to read itself.
Chapter Thirteen

Ronnies mom ordered a large pizza with everything on it that arrived half an hour later. Her dad was home by then and joined them at the table, seeming pleasantly surprised to see Shawn also at the table. He was also very interested when Ronnies mom told him about their date Friday night and asked the same questions her mom had: where were they going, who would be there, what were they doing, when would she be home? Ronnie tolerated the third degree because she knew to argue meant the date wouldnt happen. Shawn handled it better than she did, easily answering the questions and smiling the entire time.
After dinner, Ronnie brushed her teeth and walked out the door with Shawn. He held her hand and tugged on it when she started for her car. She stopped and turned towards him, her brows raised with curiosity, her keys in her hand.
Lets walk instead, he suggested. She looked at her car and back at him. She was so used to driving almost everywhere that she couldnt understand why he wouldnt want to.
Why?
He pulled on her hand to draw her closer as he took a step towards her. Ronnies heart picked up speed as her eyes met his. Because I want to spend more time with you and a two-minute car ride wont give me that time, he admitted quietly. Ronnie grinned and dropped her keys back into her purse. Walking had never sounded so good.
Okay, she agreed. Shawn smiled as they started down the sidewalk away from her house. Ronnie bit her bottom lip to keep from giggling, feeling like she floated on clouds the entire time. If just walking to The Reading Corner was this great, she couldnt wait for Friday night.
Guess this is my stop, Shawn said when they stopped outside the book store. Ronnie still had fifteen minutes before the meeting started. She turned towards him and he took both of her hands in his.
Yeah, I guess so, she agreed.
Do you want me to come back and walk you home?
She smiled as she shook her head. No, Ill be fine. Most of the girls in the club dont live far from me so I can walk with one of them most of the way.
Are you sure?
His concern warmed her heart even though she thought it was unnecessary. Last nights freak out was purely coincidental because of the book she read. Sometimes her imagination was just too strong. She shook her head again.
No, I can walk home, she insisted with a smile. His face fell. She wondered if he wanted to walk her home because he wanted to spend time alone with her. The thought spread warm tingles throughout her body. She bit her bottom lip while debating whether to say anything about it. She definitely wanted more time with him.
You know what; if I think I need an escort home, Ill call you, she offered. His eyes lit up as he smiled.
Okay, cool. Ill be at home so it shouldnt take too long to get here if you need me.
She smiled at him as Melissa Doolittle, a senior at Wind Lake High School who hosted the meetings every two weeks, walked past them and greeted Ronnie.
Guess thats my cue to go in, Ronnie told Shawn.
Okay, Ill see you later then.
Bye, Shawn.
She turned and started towards the door only to be stopped when he wouldnt let her hand go. She giggled as she turned back to him but the sound died in her throat when her eyes met his and she saw the intensity there. She shivered with anticipation and took a step towards him only to be stopped by the arrival of another member of the club, her friend, Amy Hartman.
You coming in? Amy asked, oblivious to what she was interrupting. Ronnie blinked and felt her cheeks grow warm as she looked away from Shawn.
Yeah, she replied, her voice a little breathless, and took her hand from Shawns. Bye, Shawn, she repeated and followed Amy inside.
Boyfriend? Amy asked. Ronnie grinned.
I hope so; we have our first date Friday night, she replied excitedly. Im going to get a coffee before the meeting starts.
Okay, but hurry up. You only have a couple minutes.
Ronnie hurried over to the caf and was glad to see it wasnt really busy. She recognized a couple others from the club also getting drinks and said hello. After another minute, she stepped up to the counter and ordered a venti mocha latte. She was waiting for her drink when she felt a presence at her right shoulder.
Did I hear you say you have a date this weekend? Rick spoke up. Ronnie jumped. He was not who she had been expecting. Her cheeks burned as she looked up at him and smiled. She immediately noticed that his button down shirt matched the color of his eyes and was impressed by how much more attractive he looked.
Yes, I do; with Shawn, she replied as her drink was set in front of her. She picked it up and turned away from the counter.
Is he the boy you told me about yesterday?
She shook her head. No. Though that boy was the one she expected when Rick found her. Ronnie sighed, wondering why she expected Gavin when he was probably still hanging out with Andi.
Good, Rick said. She smiled. So what brings you here tonight?
She held up her copy of Prom and Prejudice. Teen book club, she told him as she started away from the caf. The club was usually held near one of the fireplaces surrounded by all the comfy chairs, though some people still ended up sitting on the floor.
Did you actually read that? he asked eyeing the book in her hand. She nodded.
Yeah, its a pretty good book; though not as good as yours.
He smiled. I appreciate you saying that. Do you think your club would mind another body tonight?
Her eyes widened. You want to come to the meeting with me?
If its okay, yes. Otherwise, I can wait until its done to spend time with you.
Her head spun as they crossed to where the meeting was being held this week. There were usually twelve or thirteen people total and already more than half were sitting in a loose circle waiting to start. Everyone looked up when Ronnie and Rick approached and more than half the girls eyed Rick approvingly. Ronnie didnt know what to do.
Hi, Im Melissa; I run this club. Is there something I can help you with? Melissa asked Rick from her place by the fire.
Im a friend of Ronnies and I just asked her if I could sit in on tonights meeting, Rick explained.
Melissa wrinkled her nose. Arent you a little old? This club is for teens.
His cheeks flushed adorably. Im 21, he admitted. A little old, I know, but I have my own book published and I just wanted to get a feel for what teens are reading these days, kind of like research for my next novel.
Ronnie studied Rick as Melissa said it was more than okay for him to join their meeting. She wouldve put him at closer to 25, a little older than Billy. She never wouldve guessed he was only 21. Rick saw her studying him and grinned, making Ronnie blush again. Ronnie sat in the last available chair, curling her feet underneath her and setting her drink on a nearby table. Rick surprised her by sitting at her feet, setting his messenger bag, which Ronnie hadnt noticed a moment ago, next to her chair. Once everyone was settled, Melissa began the meeting.
The meeting lasted about an hour and included a lively debate about the original Jane Austen novel versus the one they just read. Half the people liked the spin Elizabeth Eulberg put on the classic text and the other half said it was blasphemous. Ronnie personally liked seeing the classic novel set in high school; she related to the characters better and enjoyed that it was about more than just finding a boyfriend.
Okay, so who has a suggestion for our next book? Melissa asked once the discussion died down. Did anybody pick up Scourge and Protector yet?
That series is getting kind of lame, Amy spoke up. A few people nodded in agreement.
Yeah, who cares about Alan becoming a vampire; we all knew it was going to happen from the moment he found out Angeline was one, another member, Beth Christianson, agreed. Ronnie nodded and Melissa sighed.
Okay, scratch that. So what else do you guys have to suggest? If you dont like what I have to offer, you guys have to pick something, Melissa reminded them and everyone looked at each other. Ronnie didnt know what to suggest either; she had been so busy with real life lately that she hadnt had much time to think about reading.
If I may, I have a suggestion, Rick spoke up and everyone looked at him. Ronnie watched as he opened his bag, revealing multiple copies of Into the Stars. He took one out and passed it around for the others to read the back. This is my book, he admitted. Ronnie already read it and said she liked it. I was wondering if the rest of you would do me the honor as well.
The book he passed around made it back to him after about five minutes and everyone agreed it sounded good. Rick passed out the remaining copies in his bag and the meeting was adjourned. He stood up with Ronnie and slung his now empty bag over his shoulder.
That was fun, he said as they walked towards the door. Ronnie nodded.
And you got eleven more people to read your book, she added.
Very true, though yours is the only opinion I was really worried about.
Ronnie blushed as they headed out the door. She couldnt believe how many guys were flirting with her. She wondered if getting the tattoo really changed things for her. Last year, she had been a wallflower, even at the dance Shawn had taken her to. This year, guys really seemed to notice her and the only difference was the electrocution and her new tattoo  not that anybody really talked about either. Well, her tattoo got more notice because it was visible; signs from the electrocution hadnt shown themselves yet.
What are you thinking about? Rick asked interrupting her thoughts. Ive never seen such a pretty thing think so hard.
Ronnie shook her head as she looked up at Rick, amazed again by his height. She had gotten used to Gavin, who was closer to her height; Rick towered over her. I was just thinking how much my life has changed in the four days since my birthday, she admitted quietly, glancing away. She wasnt sure she wanted to talk about this with Rick; it was usually something she reserved for Andi.
Anything you want to talk about? he offered as he held the door open for her to walk through. Ronnie thought about it and found that she did want to talk about it. Andi was probably still hanging out with Gavin and wouldnt want to be bothered again. Ronnie knew she needed to talk about it if she was going to make sense of everything swirling around in her mind. She nodded as they started down the street away from the building.
Maybe it would be a good idea, she agreed. Rick nodded, his gaze interested as he waited for her to continue. Ronnie took a deep breath and began. Well, I got this tattoo on my birthday. I wanted to get it because Im tired of being known as my brothers little sister and I just wanted to do something that would make me stand apart.
A tattoo certainly does that, Rick agreed. May I see it?
She hesitated only a moment before she stopped walking, lifted her hair off her neck and turned her back to him so he could see it. Her stomach clenched nervously while she waited for his reaction.
What made you decide on the Triskell? he asked. She let her hair down as she turned towards him.
My mind, my body, my life, she declared without hesitation. Thats what I told the guy when he asked if I really wanted the tattoo and its kind of my motto now. She shrugged self consciously. I just want to be my own person, get noticed as myself instead of just my brothers sister. Even my parents compare me to Brian every chance they get. Im surprised they didnt have anything to say about my first date this weekend.
And do you think getting the tattoo has helped you become your own person?
Ronnie considered this a moment before nodding. Everythings kind of changed since I got it. Thats what I was thinking about; how last year I was kind of this shy wallflower and this year, Ive got guys all around me. I got my first kiss, I have my first date this weekend; its really flattering.
You have older guys flattered by your womanly charms, Rick added with a twinkle in his eyes. Ronnie giggled.
Yeah, I guess there is that, too, she teased. He laughed. Ronnie realized they had walked two blocks towards her house while talking and grinned up at him. I guess this means youre walking me home tonight, she told him and wound her arm around his, laying her hand on top of his forearm. He grinned down at her as he covered her hand with his and a thrill shot through her.
Im glad youre allowing me the honor, he stated. She giggled again.
They walked in silence for another block, quietly enjoying each others company. Ronnie found that the dark didnt really scare her tonightuntil she took notice of it. All of a sudden, the night seemed darker, as though clouds covered the stars. She looked up at the sky and was surprised by all the bright lights twinkling down at her. Then what was the problem? She fought not to tremble as she realized the darkness was closing in on her. Shadows everywhere seemed to swarm towards them. She glanced up at Rick but he seemed oblivious. She jumped as something cool slid down the back of her neck and raised a hand to swat it away only to find there was nothing there. Her tattoo prickled and she wondered what was going on.
Are you all right? Rick asked. Ronnie tried to look reassuring.
Y  Yeah, Im fine, she stuttered. Just a little freaked out by the dark.
Why? A girl like you shouldnt be afraid of anything.
Ronnie weakly laughed. Yeah, well, your book really threw me for a loop. I had a hard time getting home last night after I read it.
She glanced up at him again and noticed shadows swirling around his body. She shuddered. How could he not feel their coolness? Rick, taking her shudder for being cold, disengaged his arm from hers and wrapped it around her shoulders. His shirt felt cool against her heated skin. Shadows slithered over his shoulders and she looked away, her mind spinning helplessly. Why was this happening? And why didnt Rick realize what was going on? Even if his novel had only been a fictional story, he should be able to feel the shadows all around him.
Oh, my dear child, theres no reason to be frightened, he whispered. Ronnie trembled as she looked up at him. Her eyes widened at what she saw. His face looked ghastly, pale and sunken with his cheekbones protruding under taut skin and his chin more pointed. Razor sharp teeth filled his mouth when he grinned down at her. Pointed ears adorned the sides of his head. She gasped, unable to scream as she tried to scramble out of his embrace.
Let go of me, Ronnie shrieked as she finally got out of Ricks arms. Adrenaline flowed through her as she ran down the street, only looking back once to see him standing where she left him, watching her go. She ran the rest of the way to her house, unable to stop in case Rick decided to come after her. What was he? She slowed down as her house came into view, relief washing over her. She was almost safe. She reached the front door and screamed when strong arms embraced her. She struggled to get free, thinking Rick somehow beat her home.
Ronnie, calm down, Shawn said. What happened?
Shawn, it was horrible, she gasped and clung to him as she burst into tears. She couldnt get the image of Ricks distorted face out of her mind. She didnt know how she was going to sleep tonight after seeing something so horrific. And she didnt even know how to explain away what she saw; there was no explanation. She trembled and gripped Shawns shirt like a lifeline as her tears slowly subsided to sniffles. Thankfully, neither of her parents came to the door to see what was going on and thats when Ronnie realized her house was dark. Only the porch light was on to greet her coming home. 
Lets go inside, Shawn suggested. Ronnie shook her head. She didnt want to deal with it if her parents found her home alone with a boy.
No, you cant come in, she told him. He stared at her, his expression incredulous.
You run home completely freaked out and youre worried about what your parents will say? Ronnie, I want to stay and help you.
She sniffled and shook her head, wiping her eyes with the backs of her hands. No, Shawn, Im sorry but you cant. You have to go before they get home.
Ronnie, Im not leaving you like this, he argued. Ronnie shook her head again. She fumbled in her purse for her house key and pushed past him to unlock and open the door. Once the door was open, she turned back to him.
Please, Shawn, just go. Ill be fine. I cant even explain to you what happened right now. I just need to be alone so I can sort it out. Ill talk to you in the morning, she promised and turned to walk inside. Shawn reached out and grabbed her arm, stopping her from shutting the door in his face. She turned back to him.
Call me tonight if you need anything. Promise me, Ronnie. Im really worried about you.
She nodded and whispered, I promise.
He sighed and grimaced, his face full of worry. Ronnie didnt blame him; if she was in his shoes, she would be worried, too. He let go of her arm. She said good night and walked inside, locking the door behind her. Then she leaned against the door and burst into tears. What happened tonight?
Chapter Fourteen

Ronnie took a shower once she calmed down enough to move away from the front door. By the time her parents got home she was considerably calmerthough she had no clue how she was going to fall asleep that night. Her mom asked about her book club meeting and she said it had gone fine. She couldnt talk about anymore than that and went upstairs to attempt to sleep. As she lay in bed with her eyes closed, she prayed to have another dream like last nights. Even if having Gavin here had only been part of the dream, at least she felt safe with him.
Her eyes felt like sandpaper from lack of sleep when Ronnie woke up the next morning. She tossed and turned all night and when she did manage to have a few minutes of sleep, she had nightmares of Ricks garish face. She never wanted to see him again. She knew it hadnt been a trick of the light. Something was wrong with him, and the worse part about it was not having someone to talk to. It wasnt like she could ask Rick about it and anyone else she tried to talk to would think she was crazy.
She washed her face with cold water and got dressed automatically, not realizing she put on two different socks until she slid her feet into a new pair of black clogs. She left her hair free, barely running a brush through it, and stumbled downstairs to get something to eat before walking to school.
She wasnt really surprised to find Shawn standing by the back door, obviously waiting for her. His eyes scanned her face as she entered the kitchen, concern etched in his features, but he didnt say anything in front of her parents. She tried for a smile and was relieved when he visibly relaxed.
Your boyfriend couldnt wait to see you at school, her dad teased as Ronnie sat down at the table. Ronnies smile widened as she looked up at Shawn.
Good because I couldnt wait to see him either, she replied, making her dad chuckle. It excited her that her dad was teasing her; it meant he really liked Shawn and was okay with them dating. She glanced at her mom, hoping she would feel the same way. But her mom looked concerned as she glanced between the two of them.
Something wrong, Mom? Ronnie asked as she buttered half a toasted bagel. Her mom shook her head, though her eyes didnt leave Shawn.
No, nothing. Dont be late for school, her mom replied and got up from the table. Ronnie glanced at Shawn and shrugged a shoulder at his curious expression. She didnt know what was going on.
Ronnie ate, brushed her teeth, and grabbed her bag and purse from her room before walking out the door with Shawn. They got into her car, Shawn in the front seat, and buckled in before Ronnie backed out of the driveway and headed for Andis house. Shawn reached for her hand as she drove down the street but didnt say anything about last night. She pulled up in front of Andis house and was surprised to see Gavin waiting with her best friend. Had he spent the night? She felt her eyes go wide as the two of them climbed into the backseat. Shawn sighed and shifted in his seat so he faced Ronnie better.
So, what happened last night, Ronnie? Shawn asked after they greeted the other two. She squirmed as three pairs of eyes looked at her, two in the rearview mirror. Thankfully, she had a good lie for this one because the real explanation would send her to the loony bin.
AA dog got loose and chased me down the street, she told Shawn and glanced at Gavin in the mirror, wondering if he understood what she wasnt saying. His expression was concerned though his eyes showed he knew she was hiding something. She looked back at Shawn. It was big and black and freaked me out. Im sorry I lost it like that last night.
Oh my god, are you all right? Andi exclaimed. Ronnie stopped at a red light and twisted to look over her shoulder into the backseat. Her eyes collided with Gavins. His expression hardened but he didnt say anything. Her stomach twisted into a thousand knots. She faced forward as the light turned green.
Im fine, Andi, she reassured her best friend, even though at the moment she felt anything but. She bit her lower lip the rest of the way to school, worried what would happen once they arrived.
They walked into the school and everyone walked with Ronnie to her locker, obviously still concerned even though she wished they wouldnt be.
Thats it, youre never walking home alone again, Andi declared as Ronnie spun the dial on her locker. Her fingers slipped on the dial and she clenched her hand a moment before trying again. She managed to get the locker open and was getting out her books when she spoke again, unable to look at the three around her.
I wasnt walking alone, she admitted quietly and looked down as she stuffed her books into her bag.
What do you mean you werent walking alone? Shawn asked, his voice sharp. Ronnie cringed. She was afraid of this. She couldnt even look at Gavin; he was about to find out she lied to him, too.
Who were you with? Andi asked as Ronnie turned around to face them. It was time to get it over with.
Rick, she admitted only looking at Andi. Andis eyes widened and she glanced at Shawn, whose expression darkened.
Why were you with Rick? Andi questioned.
He was at The Reading Corner last night and we were talking and he started walking me home, so I let him. The truth felt lame coming from her lips. She took a deep breath and finally looked up at Shawn to see if he believed her. His expression was murderous and Ronnie fought not to cower before him.
Whos Rick? he demanded tightly, his voice shaking with barely suppressed jealousy. Ronnie began to tremble.
Hes  a  guy I met last weekend. He was at a poetry reading Sunday night, Ronnie explained and swallowed hard. The darker Shawns expression got, the more shattered she felt inside. She could see her dreams of their first date going up in smoke as he continued to glare at her.
Why didnt you tell me? Is he what scared you? Did he do something to you? Shawn spit out the last question, anger flashing brightly in his blue eyes. Ronnie flattened herself against her closed locker as Shawn hit his own locker. Answer me, Ronnie. What did that guy do to you? he shouted. Gavin stepped forward and took Shawns arm, pulling him away from Ronnie as he stepped between the two of them.
Shawn, you need to calm down, Gavin told him. Ronnies okay. Nothing happened except that she got a little spooked last night.
Shawn turned his murderous glare on Gavin. How do you know that? Shes not telling us anything.
Gavin shook his head. And shes not going to tell us anything with you acting all crazy. You need to chill out. Go take a walk or lift some weights, just get out of here because youre scaring Ronnie more than she probably was last night.
Shawn glanced at Ronnie and some of the anger left his face when he saw her cowered against her locker, trembling behind Gavin. Gavin nodded at Andi and she stepped forward to take Shawns other arm and lead him away. Shawn left grudgingly and Ronnie sighed as she watched them walk away. Her relief lasted until Gavin turned around. His eyes blazed angrily as he glared at her.
Is Rick the same guy who wrote the book? he asked, his quiet voice scaring her more than Shawn shouting at her. She wished Gavin would shout and carry on; his barely controlled anger was almost too much to handle. She swallowed and nodded.
How many times have you seen him? he continued.
The last two nights, she whispered, her voice shaking, and swallowed again. Gavin reached up to place one hand against the locker next to her head and leaned against it as he pinched the bridge of his nose.
Dammit, Ronnie, he swore. Her fear turned to wonder. That was the third time he said her actual name instead of calling her Princess. She liked hearing her name on his lips. The realization shooed away more of her fright, bringing a small smile to her face. She took a deep breath as he opened his eyes and looked at her. Some of his anger had dissipated as well.
What? he asked, seeing her expression. She blushed.
You called me Ronnie, she replied. He nodded, not understanding the significance.
Yeah, thats your name, or what you prefer to be called anyway.
She shook her head. No, you always call me Princess, but you called me Ronnie just now.
A slow smile spread across his face as he understood. Well, I couldnt exactly call you Princess in front of your boyfriend; he probably would have pulverized me.
She giggled at the mental image and the tension broke between them. Ronnie relaxed as Gavin straightened up, taking a step back. She picked up her bag and slung it over her shoulder as they turned away from her locker. She was still giggling when Gavin glanced at her again.
What, you dont think I could take him? he asked, correctly guessing her reason for giggling. She shook her head.
Its not that; Im more afraid of what you would do to him, she replied. He chuckled as he draped an arm over her shoulders.
Well, Princess, I dont think thats something you have to worry about.
It is if he sees you with your arms all over me.
He gave her a cocky grin. Its only one arm and Ill let him take the first swing, but thats all Im promising. He hits me again and Ill be forced to defend myself.
Ronnie rolled her eyes as she pushed him away, effectively removing his arm from her shoulders. She didnt need Shawn to be any angrier than he already was. Already, she didnt know what she was going to do to calm him down and prove to him Rick wasnt a threat to their relationship. She hoped Andi could talk some sense into him. Thinking about Andi reminded her of seeing Andi and Gavin together this morning and she decided to ask what happened. She took a deep breath and he glanced at her.
Uh oh, I think I know what that expression means, he said.
Oh yeah, what does it mean?
You have something you want to ask but youre not sure if you want the answer.
Damn, he was good. She shrugged one shoulder, trying for nonchalance though she was sure she failed. I just wanted to know how things went yesterday when you hung out with Andi.
In other words, did we hook up? He grinned as her cheeks warmed. Its real cute that youre concerned, Princess, but I had to let her down easy. Ive got my eyes set on someone else.
The look he gave her made Ronnie squirm as she walked next to him; it was obvious he meant her. He chuckled as her cheeks burned and she looked away.
Dont worry, Princess, its not what youre thinking, he added as he draped his arm over her shoulders again. She didnt push him away this time as she looked at him, confused by his statement. If it wasnt what she was thinking, then what was it?
What are you talking about? she asked as the five-minute warning bell rang. For once they werent going to be late for class. He grinned and wiggled his eyebrows as they headed up the stairs. Ronnie rolled her eyes.
Youre weird, she declared as they reached their classroom.
If only you knew how true that is, he muttered. Ronnie glanced at him as she sat down and he continued on to his seat. She wanted to ask what he meant but he didnt look back. The teacher walked in and told them to get out their books. Ronnie sighed. She would have to grill him about it later.
Chapter Fifteen

Ronnie didnt get a chance to question Gavin. By the time lunch rolled around, she decided he had been messing with her and that it wasnt important. When she walked into the cafeteria, Ronnie knew she had bigger things to worry about. Shawn already sat at their normal table, but he wasnt eating and none of his usual friends were around. He stared at her, watching her walk into the room with Gavin and unable to see Andi directly behind them.
Remember, he only gets one free hit, Gavin reminded her. Ronnie stared after him as he and Andi veered off towards the line to get food. Ronnie turned her eyes back to Shawn and continued to her table. They had about five minutes to talk before Andi and Gavin joined them. She frowned when she realized Shawn wasnt looking at her anymore and sighed because she knew who he was watching.
Hes not the problem, you know, she told Shawn as she slid into the empty chair next to him. Shawn refused to look away from Gavin until Ronnie reached up, put her hands on either side of his face, and forcibly moved his head to look at her.
Youre mad at me, she stated. We might as well have this out before they sit down.
He blinked and looked at her, shaking his head so she would release him. What are you talking about; have what out? he asked confused.
This morning, you were furious because I hadnt told you about Rick, she reminded him and suppressed a shudder. But I promise you, hes not a threat to whatever we have left. I never want to see him again.
He sighed. See, lines like that drive me crazy. What did he do to you? Did he force himself on you?
Ronnie shook her head and interrupted before he could continue. No, nothing like that happened. HeHe was actually very gentlemanly until last night. He just said some things that were out of line.
Like what?
Ronnies mind spun as she tried to come up with a good lie. He didnt like how young I am and he called me a child. I lied to him when we met last weekendI dont know, I thought it was cool to say I was olderand he got mad when he saw me last night and someone let it slip that Im only seventeen. Thats all that happened.  I promise. She stopped rambling before she said something else that wasnt true. She hated lying to Shawn but knew he couldnt handle the truth; she wasnt able to handle it herself.
He didnt try anything with you? he clarified. Ronnie shook her head.
No, never.
He relaxed and finally smiled for the first time that day. Okay, good, he said. Ronnie tentatively smiled.
So, what did you mean by whatever we have left? he asked, meeting her gaze. Heat crept into her cheeks.
Well, I didnt know how mad you were, she admitted. I was afraid you might want to cancel our date Friday night.
Why would I want to do that?
She shrugged, self conscious now that she could see she had nothing to worry about. He bumped her shoulder with his, drawing her attention back to him. She smiled as Gavin and Andi sat down across from them.
Everything okay? Gavin asked as Andi handed Ronnie a strawberry yogurt parfait and a spoon. Ronnie glanced at Shawn and he smiled at her.
Everythings perfect, Shawn declared and stood up to go get something to eat. Ronnie beamed as she watched him walk away, relieved everything was back to normal.
Looks like youre just going to have to wait your turn, Andi teased Gavin. Ronnie giggled as she looked away, unable to meet Gavins gaze.
Its okay, I can be patient.
* * *
By the end of the week, Ronnie was ecstatic about her date with Shawn and furious at Rick for keeping her away from her favorite place to hide. She refused to go to The Reading Corner for fear of running into him. Even if she had someone with her, no one else knew him the way she did. The only one she could even consider asking to go with her was Gavin and she wasnt sure how that would go overwith him or with Shawn. She needed to get her first date out of the way before she forged a friendship with Gavin that Shawn could accept.
Friday, Andi came home with Ronnie and the girls spent all afternoon getting ready. Andi helped pick out the perfect outfit and then began curling Ronnies hair, something she didnt do very often because of how long it took.
So, where is he taking you tonight? Andi asked as she wound another lock of Ronnies hair around the barrel of the curling iron. She was about halfway done with Ronnies hair.
The Fortune Fountain, Ronnie replied, grinning. She couldnt stop smiling today and giggled as she realized it. Even Gavins flirting didnt hinder her mood.
Ooh, swanky, Andi teased. Im so happy for you. And if for some unbelievable reason it doesnt work out, youve already got another guy lined up.
Ronnies smile slipped from her face. Hes not really next in line, she argued. I shouldnt even think about him after what happened with you.
Oh please. I pretty much knew what was coming before he said it. Hes got the hots for you, end of story. Its not like I can blame him. It was just nice to pretend for a minute that a guy like that might be interested in me.
There could be a guy like that out there for you.
Andi rolled her eyes but didnt say anything. Ronnie sighed and fidgeted with the cuff on the sleeve of her robe.
Okay, self pity party over. Lets get you ready for your date, Andi declared and both girls smiled at each other in the vanity mirror. Even if there is some guy out there for me, you have a guy whos going to be here in a couple hours.
The rest of the afternoon passed in a flurry of action as Andi finished with Ronnies hair, helped her get dressed without messing anything up, and then applied just the right amount of makeup to make Ronnie glow. Not that she needed much help with that. By the time the doorbell rang to signal Shawns arrival, Ronnie felt like she was floating. She was positive nothing could go wrong tonight.
Veronica, your date is here, her mom called up the stairs. Ronnie squealed and grinned at Andi, who spritzed her with a lavender vanilla body splash and pushed her towards the door. Andi had chosen a black glitter gown with a scoop neck and asymmetrical hemline. Most of Ronnies curls were piled on top of her head with a few falling softly around her face. She wore a black lace shrug that hid her tattoo so she could get out of the house without any questions and heeled sandals that would make her almost as tall as Shawn. Her heart raced as she left her room and walked down the stairs. A huge grin split her face when she saw Shawn at the bottom. He wore a pair of black slacks and a light blue button down shirt that did wonders for his eyes.
Wow, he said as she stepped off the last stair.
I could say the same about you, she replied as he reached out to take her hand. She entwined her fingers with his, feeling like it was the most natural thing to do. If the night kept up like this, Gavin would have a very long wait for her. A flashbulb blinked and Ronnie realized her mom was taking pictures of them. She hadnt even seen the camera in her moms hands. She shifted so she was next to Shawn and he put an arm around her waist. They both smiled for the camera.
Okay, thats enough for now. You guys go and have a great time, her mom finally said after more than fifteen minutes of picture taking. Ronnie hoped Shawn hadnt made a reservation they had to get to right away.
Dont worry, the reservation is actually for eight, Shawn told her as they climbed into his black Ford pickup. I figured your mom would be excited about your first date.
Ronnie and Shawn buckled in and then held hands during the short drive downtown to the restaurant. The Fortune Fountain was a gourmet Chinese restaurant situated near the lake. Ronnie was impressed Shawn made the reservation at one of her favorite places to eat. When they arrived, Shawn gave his name to the hostess and they were seated right away, much to the annoyance of half a dozen couples waiting to be seated. White linen and a crystal vase with a red rosebud adorned their round table, which sat in a cozy corner with a half-wall surrounding it. Ronnie thanked Shawn as he held her chair for her and pushed it in once she was seated.
You make me feel like a princess, she commented as she took off her shrug and hung it on the back of her chair.
Its how you should be treated, Shawn replied.
Because they had eaten Chinese food together countless times, Ronnie let Shawn order for her. While waiting for their food and drinks, they talked about school, homework and the latest local gossip. Even though they had seen each other every day since agreeing this would be a real date, they didnt run out of things to talk about. Shawn even brought up the possibility of Gavin and Andi dating, which Ronnie felt bad about having to shoot down.
Gavins already told Andi hes not interested in dating her, Ronnie declared. Shawn frowned.
Because he would rather be with you, he guessed. Ronnie shrugged and reached across the table to take his hand.
If thats true, hes going to have a really long wait because youre not getting rid of me any time soon. Ive waited too long for this to happen.
Oh really; how long is too long? His eyes lit up as his thumb grazed the back of her hand.
Two years, she admitted. They separated as the waitress came and served their food. Ronnie waited for the waitress to leave before continuing.
You know, I really wanted you to kiss me when you took me home after the dance last year, but I could tell you werent into it, she added. He looked up from his Mu Shu Pork and smiled as their eyes met. The look in his eyes said he wanted to make up for that tonight. A thrill shot through her and Ronnie grinned as she looked down at her plate.
What can I say; I was blind but now I see, he said and began eating. She laughed.
Youre such a dork, she stated and tried taking another bite of Chicken Fried Rice. Shawn wiggled his eyebrows and she giggled, covering her mouth so she wouldnt spit rice everywhere.
The rest of dinner passed in the same fashion. They talked and laughed and enjoyed each others company. Once their plates were taken away, Shawn reached into his pocket and pulled out a long, thin, gift wrapped box. Ronnies heart pounded as she took the box and ripped off the paper. She opened it and gasped. Inside laid a beautiful white shell necklace. It was the only thing she had hinted at since he said he was going to Florida for two weeks. She looked up at him and blinked away tears as she smiled at him, embarrassed because she knew it was silly to cry over a shell necklace. But he had remembered and that meant a lot to her.
Here, let me put it on, he offered, reaching for the box. Ronnie handed it over. She took off the necklace she was wearing and dropped it into her purse as he stood and moved behind her chair. Her heart hammered against her ribs as he clasped the necklace around her neck. This was the first good look he would have at her tattoo. A shiver of anticipation shot down her spine as his finger lightly traced the design. She looked up at him over her shoulder and their eyes met. Desire coursed through her as he leaned down towards her. Her eyes closed and she swore she saw fireworks behind her eyelids when his lips touched hers. She sighed and tilted her head for a better angle, but he pulled away.
Later, he promised, his voice husky. She blushed as he sat down across from her again. He signaled for their check and the waitress brought it over. Once he paid their bill, it was time to go. Shawn helped her into her shrug and she wound her arm around his as they left the restaurant. She didnt notice anyone around them; she only had eyes for Shawn as they walked outside. The air had cooled considerably and Shawn wrapped his arm around her shoulders, holding her close to him as they started down the street. Ronnie reached for his watch and was excited to see it was only a quarter after nine; they had more than an hour before she had to be home.
Where are we going? she asked, looking over her shoulder at where hed parked his truck when they arrived.
Does it matter? he replied. She shook her head. It didnt matter where they went as long as they were together.
They walked along in amicable silence and ended up in a small park near the middle of town. Giddiness filled her as they sat on the swings and faced each other. She hadnt been here since she was a young girl. The way Shawn looked at her made her feel anything but childish. A waxing moon shone down on them, bathing everything in its silvery glow. Shawns hair looked lighter, making him even more handsome. He grinned as he leaned towards her.
Hey, Ronnie, he whispered.
Hey what? she whispered back, unable to keep the smile off her lips.
Its later. 
Her heart flip-flopped as he leaned forward and kissed her. His arms wrapped around her as the kiss continued, one hand at the small of her back while the other cupped the back of her neck. Ronnie raised her hands to his shoulders, unsure of what to do with them. But as his tongue parted her lips and met hers, she forgot about everything. The entire world faded around her; everything narrowed down to his lips on hers.
Ronnie was breathless when they finally came up for air. She grinned a goofy grin at Shawn and reached up to run her fingertips through the hair at his temples. He captured her hand and kissed her palm, his eyes meeting hers and sending another shot of desire coursing through her. She leaned in for another kiss but he stopped her by looking at his watch. He swore and jumped to his feet when he saw the time.
As much as I dont want to go, we have to move fast if were going to get you home on time, he told her as he pulled her to her feet. It was then that Ronnie noticed how dark it had become. She glanced up at the sky and gasped when she saw something black and shimmery floating through the air over Shawns head. It was just like what had been around Rick on Tuesday night. Panic sent adrenaline racing through her veins as Shawn pulled her close to his side and started out of the park towards the restaurant. Ronnie watched the shadows around them as they walked through the park. Ronnie was so scared by all the moving shadows swarming around her that she couldnt even be embarrassed that they were late because they were making out.
Ronnie, whats wrong? Shawn asked. She got the impression it wasnt the first time he asked.
The shadows, she whimpered as she clung to him. She wished she could close her eyes and they would disappear but she knew that wouldnt happen.
What shadows; what are you talking about? he asked as a tentacle of inky darkness reached out for him. Ronnie pulled him aside, her fear momentarily forgotten as she put her body between Shawn and the tentacle, showing the thing he belonged to her. The tentacle paused and then receded back into the night. Some of the panic returned as Ronnie wondered where she had gotten the idea to do that; Rick hadnt protected her from the shadows earlier in the week.
Ronnie, what are you doing? Whats going on? Shawn asked again as Ronnie grabbed his hand and pulled him down the street.
Im sorry, Shawn, but I cant explain it, she apologized. I dont even understand it and youll think Im crazy if I try to tell you.
He pulled her to a stop in the middle of the sidewalk. She silently pleaded for him to let it go as she trembled with fear. The shadows swooped closer. They had to get out of here.
Please, Shawn; please, lets just go, she begged. He kept her gaze a moment longer before nodding and continuing down the street. Ronnie couldnt believe how far they had wandered and was relieved to see Shawns truck when they arrived back at the restaurant.
Shawn opened her door and helped her up into the seat since Ronnie was still trembling with fright and adrenaline. He caught her gaze and held it for another long moment, his brow creased with worry and a frown pulling down the corners of his mouth. Ronnie wanted to take that look from his face, but couldnt think of a good enough explanation that wouldnt make him think worse of her. What could she say; that she was afraid of the dark? He would think she was ridiculous. He wouldnt understand about the shadows. She shuddered. Talking about the shadows would lead to another discussion about Rick and what shed seen the other night. That couldnt happen.
To distract him as much as herself, Ronnie grabbed the back of his neck and pulled him in for another kiss. Her fright dissipated the moment his lips touched hers. He wound his arms around her waist and she twisted in the seat to face him better. Before she could wrap her legs around his waist and lose herself in his kisses, he pulled back.
I really wish you would tell me what happened just now, he said, his brow creased again. Ronnie frowned and scrubbed a hand over her face. She shook her head, shooing away images of the shadows coming out of the night.
I dont know how to explain it, she admitted. Shawn sighed but then nodded, accepting her answer. He stepped back, his hands sliding around from her back and down her legs. She caught his hands in both of hers. Im sorry.
I know. He took another step back and closed the door. Ronnie righted herself in the seat while Shawn ran around and climbed in behind the wheel. She looked out the window as he took off towards her house. According to the clock on the dash, they had ten minutes to get there. Her mind spun with what happened and what she could say to him the entire time.
Chapter Sixteen

Ronnie still felt nervous and edgy by the time Shawn pulled up in front of her house. She glanced out the window and was relieved to see that all the shadows had faded back into the night. The moon shone down once again and everything looked so normal, Ronnie fought not to cry. She wondered if Shawn would think she was crazy as he walked her up to her front door. The porch light was on again, but so was the living room light, meaning someone was waiting up for her. Shawn wrapped her into his embrace as they stopped under the porch light.
Will you call me tomorrow? he asked. She nodded.
And will you please tell me what happened tonight, he requested. She nodded again, unsure of what to say; she was just so scared anything she came up with would make Shawn turn away from her.
As soon as I can wrap my mind around it, Ill call you, she promised brokenly and squeezed her eyes shut as he kissed her forehead. A tear escaped and he wiped it away with his thumb.
Hey, this doesnt change anything, he declared. I just want to know if I can help you.
She nodded and looked up at him, biting her lower lip to keep from breaking down. The porch light flashed, meaning it was time for her to go inside, and Ronnie frowned as another tear escaped down her cheek. She had to stop this; her parents would freak out if she came inside crying. She sniffed and wiped her eyes as Shawn cupped her face between his hands. Her breath caught in her throat at the tenderness of his expression. He kissed her until her tears were forgotten and the porch light flashed again. Reluctantly, she stepped back from Shawn.
Id better get inside before someone comes out, she told him. He grinned, his hands falling away from her face.
Just dont forget to call. Id like to take you out again tomorrow night, he replied.
Okay, I wont forget. I had a good time tonight. And Im sorry for freaking out.
I had a good time, too. He kissed her lips one last time and then walked away into the night. Ronnie watched him until he was in his truck and then waved and opened the door. Her mom stood just inside with her hand poised over the light switch.
Hi, honey, have a good time? she asked as she dropped her hand. Thanks to Shawns intoxicating kisses, Ronnie was able to smile at her.
Yeah, Mom, I had a really good time. She wondered if her lips were swollen from kissing in the park, or on the porch for that matter. Her mom smiled knowingly as Ronnie blushed.
Thats good, sweetie. I was just going to bed. If you call Andi, please keep it down.
Ronnie said good night and watched her mom walk down the hall that led to the master suite at the back of the house. Then she decided her mom had a great idea and pulled out her phone as she walked upstairs. She knew Andi would still be up; she promised to call when she got home. She walked into her room and dropped her phone when something moved on her bed. Her eyes widened as the black shadow crossed the room with amazing speed and a human hand covered her mouth to keep her from screaming.
Ill let you go if you promise not to scream, Gavin said in a low voice. She nodded.
What the hell are you doing here? she hissed as soon as he took his hand away. Were you following me?
He arched an eyebrow. Yeah, I was following you. I managed to slip by while you were making out on the porch and get passed your mom to get up here before you. Try again, Princess.
She glared at him, a little unnerved by his close proximity. He may have removed his hand but he hadnt stepped back. Her heart beat a little faster having him so near. He was close enough to kiss. She closed her eyes as she realized this and wished he would move away. She didnt even want to know what that thought said about her.
Problems, Princess? he asked, a smirk evident in his voice. She opened her eyes and glared at him again.
Yeah, you, she growled. Why are you here?
He finally stepped back, his trademark smirk in place as he looked her up and down. Ronnie tried not to squirm under his scrutiny. Her heart pounded as something she refused to acknowledge flashed in his eyes. He took another step back and she could breathe again. She stepped into her room enough to close the door behind her and then flipped on the overhead light, blinking in the sudden brightness. When her eyes finally adjusted, she saw that Gavin had reclaimed his place on her bed, sprawled over her pillows in a way that was entirely too inviting. She continued to glare at him.
You know, I thought you had a good time tonight, Princess, he commented. You dont look very happy.
Im not; I came home and found you here. And you still havent told me why youre here. You cant just show up out of thin air. She ran a hand over her hair and started pulling out the bobby pins that held it in place. She needed something to do before she entertained the thought of choking Gavin and throwing him out. He really knew how to ruin an evening. She crossed the room to sit at her vanity table and laid down the pins in her hand. She knew Andi had used close to two dozen; this was going to take a while. 
Consider me your guardian angel; I just wanted to make sure you got home all right, he finally told her as he sat up, swinging his feet onto the floor. 
Well, Im home safe and sound so you can leave. She pulled another pin out of her hair and felt a few strands pull out with it. She winced as she set it down.
Here, let me do that before you rip out half your hair. Gavin scooted off the bed and stood behind her. She lowered her arms and sat still while he took down her hair, thinking it was the weirdest thing in the world to have happen. The pins dropped onto the table in front of her in rapid succession and before she knew it, her curls were down around her shoulders. Gavin sat on the end of the bed as she turned around.
How do you know how to do all this stuff? You know as much about hair as I do, she told him. He shrugged.
I told you before; I was raised by my sisters and mom. I learned what needed to be done, he explained. Its no different than learning to muck out stalls or use a sword; its just something I had to do.
You can use a sword? Her eyes widened as she looked at him and part of the dream from the beginning of the week flashed in her mind. She remembered Gavin using a sword in that shadowy world to defeat whatever came after them and she had used a sword, too. He nodded. A smile tugged at the corners of her mouth, completely defeating her glare.
I could totally see that, she admitted. He grinned.
Yeah, I know. He stood up and moved to the door. He bent down, retrieved her phone and crossed back to hand it to her. Text Andi to let her know youre home but youre tired and youll talk to her tomorrow. Ill be right back.
She took her phone and was about to ask where he was going when he opened the door and slipped out, flipping off the light as he left. She frowned after him, thinking how weird he was, but then shrugged and did as he said. Andi immediately texted back saying she couldnt wait to hear all the details. Ronnie shivered as she remembered that some of the details hadnt been all that great. The shadows still freaked her out. She closed her door again and prayed Gavin had the decency to knock before entering as she quickly changed into her pajamas. She pulled on a hot pink camisole over her head as a soft knock sounded on the door. She crossed the room to let Gavin back in. He looked her up and down, admiring her Hello Kitty pajama bottoms and camisole, and grinned.
Nice, he teased. She rolled her eyes.
My house secure? she asked as she turned away. She needed to brush her hair before she went to bed or her hair would resemble a rats nest in the morning.
Yep, nice and quiet, Gavin replied as he closed the door behind him and sat on the edge of her bed again. She turned with her brush in her hand.
So why are you still here?
Why, do I make you nervous, Princess? 
Ronnie rolled her eyes and sat down at her vanity table to brush her hair. She didnt need to answer that. He chuckled and she blushed, hoping he couldnt see it in the dark. She turned to look at him and realized her room was a lot darker than it had been a minute ago.
Dont move, Gavin instructed as she gasped. She froze. Her heart pounded and she started trembling again as the shadows closed in around them. She couldnt see what Gavin was doing but she heard him move off the end of her bed. He muttered some words too low to understand and a bright flash of light illuminated her room long enough for her to see Gavin standing a few feet away from her, his arms raised with something silvery glinting in his hands. He slashed down across the air between them. An unearthly scream rang out and Ronnie cowered against her vanity. Gavin swore and slashed again, another shot of light blinding Ronnie. Fear froze her, rendering her unable to look away from the light and whatever Gavin attacked. A sharp pain shot down her bare arm and she cried out, looking up to see a black tentacle retract into the corner of the room. Something dark trickled from a long gash on her arm and she covered it with her opposite hand, applying pressure as tears stung her eyes. Gavin moved to the corner and slashed an X into the air there. Another unnatural scream sounded and then all was quiet. 
Gavin crossed the room back to Ronnie, turning on her bedside lamp. He slipped whatever he held into his cargo pocket and then took her arm into his hands to examine the damage done. She stared at him with wide eyes, unable to believe what just happened. What had just happened? He sighed and looked at her, his dark eyes assessing as she trembled in front of him.
This is going to hurt for a moment, he said warily and placed his hand over her wound. A hot stinging sensation shot up and down her arm. Ronnie gasped. When he removed his hand, the wound was healed.
What did you do? she whispered in awe.
You wouldnt have healed that on your own, he replied. Most shadow tentacles are poisonous.
She blinked and shook her head, the beginnings of shock washing over her. The trembling turned to shaking and her heart pounded as she tried to understand what he was talking about. Nothing made sense; the shadows, Gavin fighting them, Gavin healing her. It was all too much to take in. She stood up from her place at the vanity and stumbled onto her bed, keeping as much distance between her and Gavin as possible.
Trust me, Im not the one you want to be afraid of, he told her as she scooted to the top of her bed. She hugged her knees to her chest and stared at him with wide eyes. Her breaths came shallow and too fast. She knew she needed to calm down, but she didnt know how. Calming down required her to accept everything that happened in the last five minutes, something she wasnt sure she could do. She shook her head as he sat on the edge of her bed.
You need to sleep, he said calmly. I can make sure you dont have any dreams, but in the morning, you need to call me and we need to talk. Can you do that?
She tried to understand his words, thought she did and nodded. Her mind was so boggled she had a hard time comprehending anything. She hugged herself tighter as he stood up and moved to stand over her, fear of him coursing through her.
I have to touch you to let you sleep. Just like I healed you, it will only take a moment, he told her patiently. He slowly reached out to touch her, giving her plenty of time to move away, but she didnt and his hand landed on her shoulder above her wound.
Sleep now, Veronica, he said. Sleep dreamlessly this night. Awake refreshed and free of fear.
Drowsiness overcame her as he softly spoke and her eyelids became heavy almost immediately. Ronnie relaxed and allowed Gavin to help tuck her into bed. He pulled the blankets up to her chin as sleep overtook her. She thought she felt him kiss her forehead but she couldnt be sure. A sigh escaped as she heard the click of her bedroom door closing. Then she fell into the oblivion of sleep.
Chapter Seventeen

Ronnie woke up at ten oclock the next morning and couldnt believe she slept so soundly. She reached for her phone and was surprised to see several missed calls from Andi and Shawn. A single text message from Gavin, CALL ME, brought back the events of last night and she took a shuddering breath as images flashed through her mind. She still didnt know what to think or what was going on, but she could see now that Gavin had protected her  again. She scrolled through her contacts and wasnt surprised to see he had added himself to her list. She hit send. He answered before the first ring finished.
Good morning, Princess. How are you feeling? he asked. She let out a breath she hadnt realized she was holding.
Confused, she admitted. But I think Im better.
Good.
Ronnie hesitated, knowing what she needed to say but afraid that saying it would make it real. She told herself she was being silly, took a deep breath and spit it out. Will you come over today and tell me what happened last night? The words came out in a rush and she wondered if he even understood what she said.
When? he asked. She relaxed.
Whenever, she replied.
Is now too soon? Im standing outside your house.
She shot up, pushing hair out of her face. What? Why?
Well, I was coming over to check on you but you called me first.
Oh, okay. Okay, Ill come down and let you in. She moved to the edge of the bed and swung her feet onto the floor.
Hey, Princess, he said before she could end the call. She waited. Get dressed first.
She giggled and ended the call without answering his request. Apparently, she hadnt been the only one nervous last night before everything that happened. She quickly changed into a pair of skinny jeans and a Dartmouth sweatshirt, leaving her feet bare as she ran down to the bathroom to brush her teeth. Morning breath was so gross. She refused to acknowledge that she was nervous about seeing Gavin again as she brushed her teeth and splashed her face with cold water. A squeak escaped when she saw her hair and wished she had remembered to brush it before bed. The curls that were left stuck out in every direction. She looked like she stuck her finger in a light socket. She needed to shower to tame it; even a hat wasnt going to cover this mess. Sighing, she went downstairs and opened the door for Gavin to come inside. He somehow managed to suppress a grin when he saw her hair.
Very interesting look, he commented as he struggled not to smile. She rolled her eyes.
Whatever. Make yourself at home. I have to take a shower so I can tame this mess before you start talking.
He grinned, still eyeing her wild hair. No, really, I can start talking now.
She raised an eyebrow in a fair imitation of him. No, its a distraction.
He looked her up and down. Her heart picked up speed at the heat she saw in his eyes when they met hers again. No, youre a distraction. It doesnt matter what your hair looks like.
She blushed and opened her mouth to argue but nothing came out. Finally, she just let out an exasperated sigh, rolled her eyes and shook her head as she headed back upstairs. She already told Gavin to make himself comfortable, she didnt need to say it again. After getting her robe out of her room, she went into the bathroom to take a quick shower, a very cold quick shower.
Half an hour later, Ronnie returned to the living room to find Gavin sitting on the loveseat with a bowl of cereal in his lap and Saturday morning cartoons on the TV. Her wet hair was braided and she wore the same jeans and sweatshirt she answered the door in. Gavin looked up as she entered the room. She smiled as she curled up in the opposite corner of the loveseat. She put her phone on the end table next to her and turned her attention to the television. Her favorite show was on.
Gavin turned off the television once the show ended and Ronnie shifted so she faced him. So many questions whirled in her mind that she didnt know what she should say first so she waited for him to start. He set his empty bowl on the end table and leaned forward, steepling his fingers between his knees. When he looked up at her, she was surprised to see he was worried. She didnt understand. If anything, she wondered if she should be worried. She couldnt even imagine what he was going to tell her. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly as he sat up again, settled into the corner of the couch and turned so they faced each other. Ronnie pulled her knees up to her chest.
Okay, I dont even know what to tell you, he admitted. But there are certain things I cant tell you; I have to tell you that first. He shook his head and she marveled at how he was struggling. This wasnt the same cocky guy she had known for almost a week.
Start at the beginning, she suggested.
I dont know where that is anymore. He rubbed his hands over his face and through his hair, making it stick up like Ronnies had earlier. Ronnie sat on her hands to keep from leaning forward and smoothing his hair back into place.
Okay, so start with when you got here, why youre here.
Okay, but you have to understand Im not one of the bad guys. Were not even sure who the bad guys are, though its obvious now youre one of the targets.
Her heart jumped into her throat. Targets? Bad guys? You better start explaining.
Im not from here, he blurted out. She nodded.
I know that already.
No, I mean here, Earth. Im not from Earth.
She wrinkled her nose and cocked her head, completely confused. How are you not from Earth? You look human.
Do I really?
Ronnie studied him carefully and realized his slanted eyes were a little wide for his face and there was something about his ears that she couldnt see because of his hair. She leaned forward and reached up to move his hair and gasped when she saw that his ear was pointed.
What are you? she whispered.
Im a half-breed, human and fairy. His eyes pleaded with her to understand as she sat back in her corner again. A half-fairy, really? She wanted to laugh at the absurdity of it, but some part of her believed him. The way he defeated the shadows, the way he healed her by touching her, his pointed ears and slanted eyes. It all added up to reality.
Okay, she agreed hesitantly. He sighed, relief washing over his face.
Thank the gods, he murmured.
So, where are you from?
A planet called Cira. Its a lot like Earth and can support human life, but its also inhabited by elves and fairies and other magical creatures. I live in a country called Kalearnia.
She stood up and started pacing. Despite the evidence, she wasnt sure she believed him. Would it make her crazy if she listened to him and believed what he told her? She shook her head; she just didnt know. Gavin reached out and grabbed her arm, immediately stopping her. She looked down and her eyes met his.
Please sit down. I have a lot to tell you, he requested. She nodded and sat back down, next to him this time because his hand was still on her arm. She drew one leg underneath her as she turned to face him. He took his hand off her arm and started talking.
Cira is at the center of the Spiral, a network of planets that move through space and time acquiring new planets. Earth is the latest acquisition and thirteen people have been chosen to become Spiral Defenders, which is what I am. He raised the sleeve of his black t-shirt to show her his tattoo again and her tattoo tingled between her shoulder blades. This tattoo is what were given when were initiated as a Spiral Defender. And its just like it sounds; we defend the planets of the Spiral from outside forces and lately, from war within. The war keeps getting closer to Cira and once it reaches my planet, the Royal Castle in Kalearnia could crumble and all hope of keeping the Spiral intact would fall apart.
So what does that have to do with me?
Youve been chosen. He looked like he wanted to say more but stopped himself. Ronnie frowned at him and he self consciously shrugged. This is the part I cant tell you about, he admitted sheepishly.
Why not? she snapped. If it has to do with me, I should be able to know about it.
He looked pained as he said, Im sorry, Ronnie, if it was up to me, I would tell you everything, but its not so I cant.
Then who is it up to?
The King and Queen of Kalearnia. They sent me on a specific mission to find you.
Why? She glared at him when he refused to answer. This was so stupid! Of course there was a stupid King and Queen and a stupid decree that he had to live by! Why couldnt he just disobey them and tell her anyway? She had a right to know! She crossed her arms and turned her back to him.
This is so stupid, she muttered. He sighed. 
I know, he agreed and placed a hand on her shoulder. She flinched and then immediately felt bad for it. Even though his story was fantastic, he had proven several times he wasnt here to harm her. He ignored her reaction to his touch.
Hey, hows your arm? he asked and she shrugged.
Its fine, still healed.
It doesnt hurt?
She shook her head.
Good. I was worried it might still be infected.
She turned around to face him again, confused by his concern. How can you be so normal? she blurted out. One corner of his mouth lifted in a half-smile.
Well, I am still half-human, he reminded her. She rolled her eyes as he chuckled. 
Okay, so who is the fairy, your mom or dad? she asked as she watched him relax.
My dad, and hes a Spiral Defender, too; one of the best, actually. Hes hardly home so Im usually the man of the house, though my little brother is standing in my stead while Im here.
She tried to picture his family and couldnt do it. The thought of male fairies never occurred to her, even after reading about them. Fairies and elves belonged in fairy tales and really good fiction books. 
Does your dad have wings? she asked.
He nodded. And both of my sisters; its a hit or miss thing with hybrids, what traits they take from each parent. I actually look a lot like my mom.
Do you have pictures?
I have something better, but Im not sure I can share it with you yet. He hesitated and worry crept into his features again. So, are we okay? Do you believe me?
I dont know if I believe you, she admitted. But were okay. Whatever you are, youve never tried to hurt me. But, you still have a lot of explaining to do.
He nodded. I know. And I will, whenever you want me to. Ill tell you everything I can.
She smiled. I know you will. Her phone rang and she jumped. She blushed as she recognized Shawns ringtone and glanced at Gavin before she answered, knowing the call would to go voicemail.
What can I tell him? she asked and groaned. Oh shit, last night; what am I going to say about last night?
It was wonderful? Gavin offered. She shook her head. 
No, not the date; what happened after dinner. We went to the park and I completely freaked out on him. He probably thinks Im mental.
Why did you freak out?
The shadows. I think they were following me. In fact, after what happened with you, I know they were. And you said Im a target.
He grimly nodded. Yeah, I think I know who it is, too, but nobody would believe me.
Who do you think it is? Rick came to mind and she shuddered. After the way the shadows acted around him, she would believe he had some kind of connection to them.
Lord Ulrich Goodyear, Commander of the Spiral Defenders. You know him as Rick.
I believe you, she whispered. Gavin studied her. She tried not to tremble, but he saw it anyway.
What happened? he asked. She shook her head. She didnt want to talk about itshe couldnt talk about it. It was too horrific. Gavin grabbed her shoulders.
Ronnie, talk to me. Tell me what happened. Please.
It was the pleading note in his voice that made her talk. Shakily, she told him about Tuesday night when Rick walked her home, how he looked so frightening and how the shadows came to him. Gavin nodded as she explained, looking as though this wasnt something new. Ronnie shuddered as she finished and Gavin pulled her into his arms.
He wont do that to you again, Gavin fiercely promised. Ronnie nodded, her head against his chest. His heart beat strongly in her ear. Ronnie became aware of how comfortable she was in Gavins arms as her fear left her and she sat up, embarrassed. Gavin studied her for a moment before letting her go, his face unreadable.
Call your boyfriend back, set up another date for tonight, he suggested as he stood up. She wondered where he was going. And then call Andi and tell her all the good things that happened last night.
But what am I going to tell Shawn about last night? He must think Im a freak.
Somehow, I dont think he does. He ran a hand through his hair again, messing it up even more, and Ronnie suppressed a giggle. Tell him youre afraid of the dark.
Afraid of the dark? Ive never been afraid of the dark.
Well, you are now. Its the simplest explanation and it gives him something he can protect you from.
And what, I should explain the shadows as bogeymen? Yeah, thatll go over well. You might as well lock me up now. Ronnie grimaced.
Tell him the truth on that; tell him you can see spirits now and its made you afraid of the dark.
Are they really spirits?
Theyre wraiths, spirits that have gone bad. But thats for another time. He glanced at the front door. I have to go. And I better go out the back.
Okay. She watched him walk through the house like he had been inside a million times and heard the back door open and close a moment later. Still staring after him, she jumped when the doorbell rang. She went to the door, peeked through the peephole, and grinned when she saw Shawn standing on the porch. It was time to ask for that second date.
Chapter Eighteen

What the hell happened to you? Shawn exclaimed as soon as Ronnie opened the door to let him inside. Ronnies heart pounded as she wondered if she looked guilty or starry-eyed, some telltale sign that she spent almost an hour talking to Gavin. Then she realized how silly that was. They had only been talking.
Why didnt you call me back? he continued as he stepped inside, not giving her a moment to answer his first question. Are you all right? I tried calling all morning and when you didnt answer, I thought I should just come over here and find out whats going on.
He looked at her, his eyes wide with worry. Ronnie smiled as she pulled him into her arms. She needed to calm him down before she could talk to him. She still wasnt sure he would believe hernot that she was going to tell him any of the really unbelievable stuff. Seeing ghosts seemed like childs play compared to everything Gavin just told her. She stroked his hair and kissed his lips, her fingers still in his hair when she looked into his eyes.
Stop worrying; Im fine, she told him. He sighed, relief washing over him as he relaxed into her embrace.
And I didnt answer your calls because I slept until ten oclock, she added.
That was almost two hours ago. What have you been doing? He looked around and spotted the empty cereal bowl. Ronnie wished she had turned the TV on again. Never mind, I can see what you were doing; you were relaxing and Im acting like an idiot. Im sorry, Ronnie. I shouldnt have barged in here like that.
You were worried, I understand. Quite frankly, Im surprised you werent here at eight oclock banging on my door to give you an explanation about last night.
I wanted to, so I called instead. Sorry if I was a little annoying. He sheepishly grinned, making Ronnie laugh.
Youre allowed to be annoying when youre worried. Her smile softened as she reached up to cup his cheek. But Im fine now. Ill tell you all about it if you take me out to lunch.
His grin became genuine. I think I can do that.
And if you dont think Im crazy after I explain everything, I would really like it if youd take me out again tonight.
I think I can do that, too.
She grinned. Good. And can you do one more thing for me?
Anything.
Kiss me.
He wrapped his arms around her and did as she asked. Ronnie sighed and leaned into him, losing herself in the feel of his lips on hers and his arms around her until he suddenly pulled away.
Where are your parents? he asked. She shook her head to clear away the fog his kisses created.
I dont know, she admitted and stepped out of his embrace. She wandered into the kitchen and her cheeks pinked when she saw the note stuck to the refrigerator. If she had actually been the one to eat the bowl of cereal, she would have seen the note. It said her parents were gone for the day and that she could go out again if Shawn asked. She beamed as she returned to him in the living room, the note in her hand.
Theyre gone, down in Chicago for the day, she announced. He grinned as his arms circled her waist.
Really. So youre going to be home alone all day, he said, a mischievous gleam in his blue eyes. Ronnie blushed and giggled as she slapped his shoulder.
Dont get any ideas, she told him. Theres still technically the rule of no boys in the house when Im home alone. Which she broke twice already today. Oh well, what her parents didnt know But they did say we could go out again tonight.
I always have ideas, he murmured as he nuzzled her neck. He lightly kissed her there, sending a shiver of anticipation through her. With a sigh, he straightened and stepped back, putting some distance between them. But, rules are rules and your parents would be pissed if you broke a cardinal one. So, lets go to lunch.
She laughed. Youre such a boy, she teased and turned away to grab her phone off the end table. She also picked up Gavins bowl and brought it out to the kitchen. She needed to talk to him about cleaning up after himself if he was going to become a permanent presence here. She giggled at the thought and returned to the living room.
Whats so funny? Shawn asked as he held out her purse. She giggled some more.
You holding my purse is pretty funny, she joked. He rolled his eyes.
And what was funny a minute ago, when you went into the kitchen?
Dont worry about it. I was just thinking about something Andi said yesterday while I was getting ready.
Speaking of, you might as well invite her to lunch with us. Shes called me six times already asking if Ive heard from you.
My god, you both are crazy. She pressed the number that speed-dialed her best friend and barely put the phone to her ear when Andi said her name.
Hi. Yes, its me; you can stop freaking out now, she teased. Andi sighed.
Thank god. What have you been doing all morning? Or should I ask what were you doing last night that made you sleep so late today?
Ronnies cheeks heated. We can talk about that later. Im actually calling to ask you to go to lunch with me and Shawn. She glanced at Shawn. Theres something I have to tell both of you.
Youre not pregnant, are you? Andi teased. Ronnie laughed out loud. Leave it to the person who knew her best to make a joke like that.
Hardly. Havent done anything for that to happen, Ronnie replied and grinned at Shawn.
She made the pregnant joke, didnt she, he guessed. Ronnie nodded.
Hes there now? Andi asked.
Yeah, hes picking me up for lunch. Come join us.
Where are you guys going?
I dont know. She moved the phone away from her mouth and asked, Where are we going?
The Burger Joint? he suggested. She asked Andi if that was okay. Andi agreed and they decided to meet there in twenty minutes. She said goodbye to Andi and found herself in Shawns arms again.
I know how much you like the fact that my parents arent going to be home all day, but there really will be time for this later, she told him as he nuzzled her neck again. We dont actually have to go on another date tonight.
He lifted his head to look at her. What do you mean by that? You dont want to?
What? No. I mean, yes, I want to. She shook her head and bit her lower lip to keep from saying he might not want to after he heard what she had to say at lunch. She prayed she was wrong.
Okay, he agreed and kissed her again before letting her go. She settled her purse on her shoulder, slipped her feet into red flip-flops and took Shawns hand as they left the house.
The Burger Joint was located downtown and was a popular hangout on the weekends. Andi, Shawn and Ronnie saw several kids from school as they ordered their food and found a table. This was one of Ronnies favorite places to eat. She loved the red vinyl booths, red Formica counters and tabletops and the red and white checkered floor. Vinyl records and retro posters hung on the walls. She settled in next to Shawn and was about to start eating when she realized the other two were staring at her.
Cant I eat first? she asked. They shook their heads, looking at her expectantly. Ronnie sighed. Okay, here it is. You know when I got struck by lightning last weekend? she asked. They nodded.
Oh my god, you got super powers because of it, Andi excitedly interrupted. Ronnie halfheartedly smiled.
Actually, its not really a super power, she agreed. I can see ghosts. She looked at Shawn. Thats what freaked me out last night. Im sorry I didnt tell you.
You can see ghosts? Thats what you thought you couldnt tell me? Shawn clarified. She nodded, feeling foolish when he put it like that. He grinned at her. I thought it was going to be something serious.
This is serious, she insisted. Theyre after me.
According to who?
What? Ronnie shook her head, realizing how close she was to admitting she saw Gavin that morning. No one. I mean, it just seems like theyre after me with the way they swarm around me.
Can you talk to them? Andi spoke up. Ronnie shook her head again.
No.
Maybe thats the problem. Maybe they think since you can see them, you should be able to talk to them and try to help them but you cant so they get mad and attack you.
So, if thats the case, all I have to do is stay inside where its well lit and sleep with the light on. Yeah, that should be easy. Ronnie rolled her eyes.
I didnt say it would be easy; Im just throwing out an explanation. Andi shrugged. I dont know; Ive never dealt with ghosts before.
Neither have I. Ronnie ran a hand over her hair and started fidgeting with the end of her braid. Thats why I didnt want to tell you guys, because I dont know what Im doing or why its happening. Im just so freaked out.
Shawn wrapped an arm around her shoulders. Dont worry, babe, Im here to protect you. No ghost is going to scare you when Im around.
Babe? She raised an eyebrow at his term of endearment. He grinned at her.
Yep, babe, he agreed. Ronnie rolled her eyes.
Youre such a dork, she told him. Andi giggled across the table.
Yes, he is, Andi agreed and the three of them started eating.
Chapter Nineteen

Ronnie enjoyed her time with Shawn and Andi, but knew some serious girl time was in order once they finished eating. She sent Shawn home, promising to call him in a couple hours if she could. After kissing so long Andi cleared her throat and muttered something about a room, Ronnie let him go. She beamed at her best friend as she watched her boyfriend walk away.
I dont think I need details anymore; I just got a firsthand look at how your night went, Andi teased as she wound her arm through Ronnies. Ronnie giggled as they started down the street. They got in when they reached Andis car, buckled up, and Andi pulled away from the restaurant.
It wasnt all making out, Ronnie said, reaching up to touch the necklace still around her neck. A smile brightened her eyes as she realized she had slept with it on. He gave me this, she told Andi holding out the necklace with her thumb. I almost cried.
You didnt, Andis eyes widened as she tried not to giggle. Ronnie nodded.
He remembered, she said simply. Andi grinned at her and returned her attention to the road.
So, tell me about dinner.
It was amazing. It was like I got to see this whole other side of him he usually keeps hidden. He opened doors, held my chair, and I let him order for mehe was a complete gentleman all night. And it was so easy. I thought Id be nervous being out on a real date with him, but we just sat and talked like we always do. I couldnt believe how easy it was to be with him.
Well duh, you guys have been friends forever; of course its going to be easy. So, when did all the kissy stuff start happening?
Ronnie blushed as she told Andi about walking to the park after dinner. By the time she got to the part about seeing the wraiths, she was all warm and tingly and didnt want to talk about something unhappy so she stopped talking.
Perfect timing, Andi commented and pulled to the curb in front of The Reading Corner. Ronnie eyed the front door warily but didnt move to leave the car. She remembered Ricks words about always being here when she was and worried she would run into him now. Considering what she now knew about him, that was the last thing she wanted.
What, you dont like to read anymore? Andi asked, her hand on her door handle. Ronnie shook her head and took a deep, fortifying breath. She looked through the window into the store and felt compelled to go inside. It was like she could hear the books calling her name. Only slightly trembling, she pushed open the car door, climbed out onto the sidewalk, and walked into her favorite store. She stopped just inside and immediately scanned what she could see of the placeand sighed when she didnt see Rick.
Whats wrong with you? Andi asked. Ronnie mentally shook herself. She had to pull herself together; Rick wouldnt try anything since Andi was with her. There was nothing to be afraid of.
Yeah, Im fine, she told Andi, still silently convincing herself it was true as they walked further into the store. 
Okay. Andi shook her head. Lets get lattes and find something to read. 
Ronnie grinned as Andi grabbed her hand and pulled her towards the caf. They were almost to the counter when Ronnie noticed Rick sitting at one of the small round tables. His head was bent and he appeared to be reading, but somehow Ronnie knew that Rick knew she was there. She didnt want to see him.
I need to pee, she told Andi and headed for the bathroom. Once she was locked in a stall, she pulled out her phone and sent a text message to Gavin.
Hey, guardian angel, Im at The Reading Corner and could use a little protecting, she sent and waited impatiently for his reply.
5 minutes. And just remember, angels arent always seen, he sent back. She put her phone away, wondering what he meant by that. Still, she felt better knowing he would be there watching over her, whether she saw him or not. She stepped out of the stall, washed her hands, and headed back to Andi.
You okay? Andi asked when Ronnie joined her again.
Yeah, Im fine. Just had to go, Ronnie replied.
Okay, because you got out of here pretty quick after we saw Rick.
Ronnie automatically looked to where he had been seated and was curious when she saw his table empty. Where did he go? she wondered aloud. Andi shrugged as they stepped up to the counter to order their drinks.
I dont know. He nodded as he went by but he left kind of in a hurry, Andi told her a few minutes later while they waited for their lattes.
Huh, guess I missed him, Ronnie said, silently thanking the gods she didnt have to see him again.
Missed who? Gavin spoke up behind them. Both girls turned around. Andi beamed, obviously still smitten even though she knew he wasnt interested.
Rick. He was here but he left while Ronnie was in the bathroom, she told him.
Lucky you, Gavin said to Ronnie, who only nodded.
What are you doing here? Andi asked him. Not that Im not happy to see you, but Ive never seen you here before and, well, Ive never seen you read a book.
He shrugged one shoulder and gave Andi an adorable smile. Guess theres a first time for everything. Why dont you show me around?
Andi giggled as she told Ronnie theyd be back. Ronnie knew she wouldnt see them again until they were ready to check out. Andi loved this store even more than Ronnie and could spend hours just wandering the aisles seeing what was new. Gavin was in for a treat. Ronnie took her latte to a table and pulled out her phone again as it began to ring. She smiled when she saw Shawns name on the screen.
Hey, I was just thinking about you, she told him.
Thats why my ears were ringing, he teased. She giggled.
I think thats when someones talking about you, and that wouldve been twenty minutes ago, she corrected him.
Well, theyve been ringing for a while. So, where did you girls go? Shopping somewhere?
Where do you think we went?
The Reading Corner.
Bingo, though now Ive been left alone. Gavin showed up and asked Andi to show him around. Its cute that hes so nice to her.
Maybe he needs a friend.
Yeah, maybe. So whats up? You couldnt have called just because your ears were ringing.
He chuckled. Nope, just miss you.
She grinned. Aww, I miss you, too. Does this mean you think I should ditch the other two and meet you at my house?
He laughed. You said it, not me. If thats what you want to do, I can do that.
She glanced around the store and immediately saw Gavin and Andi not far away looking at the new magazines. Andi was really showing him around  and by his smile and relaxed disposition, he seemed to be enjoying it. Of course, maybe they didnt have magazines and book stores where he came from. She wondered what they did have on his home planet. He had to have some kind of human learning if he knew English and how to function in a human society. Of course, maybe that was part of his training to be that defender thingy. And he said his mom was human. Gavin seemed to feel her eyes on him and glanced in her direction.  The smile he shot her made her knees weak and she was thankful she was sitting down.
Ronnie, Shawn said, his voice cutting into her musings about Gavin. She blushed as she tuned into her boyfriend again.
Im sorry, what were you saying? she asked sheepishly, silently scolding herself for thinking about another guy while on the phone with her boyfriend.
I asked if you want to go to a movie and then to Romeros for a pizza, he repeated.
Yeah, Id like that. Whats playing? she agreed.
He read her the movie listings and they decided to go see a new action/romance starring Vanessa Hudgens and Alex Pettyfer. The movie started at five-fifteen and it was only two now. Ronnie remembered what she said about meeting at her house, but she knew her mom would somehow know and ground her for it. She sighed.
What? Shawn asked.
I just wish we could meet at my house, she admitted.
Just say the word.
Youre not supposed to say that. Youre supposed to dissuade meyou know, remind me that my parents will know and all that.
He laughed. Ronnie, Im a teenaged guy. Im going to take any chance I get to be with my girl alone.
Ronnie blushed as she sipped her drink, thrilled that he called her his girl. Yeah, I guess youre right, she murmured. But, we cant meet up for all those reasons I said. My mom will know. Shell ask what I did and Ill admit it right away.
Okay, he agreed with exaggerated acceptance, making Ronnie giggle again. How long do you think youre going to be at the book store?
Ronnie glanced out at Andi and Gavin again and found Andi walking towards her.
Whats going on? she asked as Andi sat down across from her.
He found Manga. Hes going to be here a while, Andi informed her. Ronnie laughed. Do you have Shawn on the phone? Ronnie nodded. Well, you might as well get out of here. Gavins preoccupied and I have a stack of books I want to peruse before purchase.
But I thought we were spending time together, Ronnie argued.
We did. I got what I wanted out of you so youre free to go. Give Shawn a kiss from me, just not one with tongue or anything gross like that.
Andi giggled as she left the table to return to Gavin. Ronnie returned to her conversation with Shawn. I guess Im free to go, she told him and he cheered into the phone.
All right. I can be at your place in ten minutes.
Why dont you just pick me up from the book store? She had no idea where Rick had gone and she didnt want to get caught by him while she was alone. Since Gavin was busy, she had to rely on Shawn to be her knight in shining armor.
Okay, Ill be there in ten minutes.
You get everywhere in ten minutes.
Yeah, pretty much.
Okay, well, do you want anything to drink? I can get you something while I wait.
Vanilla iced coffee.
Okay. Ill see you when you get here.
They said goodbye and she ended the call, dropping her phone back into her purse as she stood up to order Shawns drink. She tried not to jump when Gavin materialized next to her.
How do you do that? she gasped.
Do what? he asked.
Materialize out of thin air. You werent there a second ago.
He smirked as he leaned towards her. Its one of my many secrets, he told her in a low voice and straightened. So whats going on? You that thirsty or getting out of here?
Shawns coming to pick me up so Im getting him a drink. Its the least I can do since hes going to walk me home.
Yeah, Im sure itll be a hardship driving you to an empty house with no parents in sight.
She blushed. She forgot he probably saw the note on her refrigerator from her mom. Its not like that, she mumbled. He arched an eyebrow, obviously not believing her. She couldnt meet his gaze; she knew he was right. It was exactly like that.
Have fun. Dont do anything I wouldnt do, he teased and walked away. Ronnies turn at the counter came up, saving her from sticking her tongue out at Gavin as he walked away. Of course, she realized, he probably would have seen that.
Chapter Twenty

Ronnie was getting ready for her date with Shawn that night when her mom called to say they were staying overnight in Chicago.
You can have Andi over, but no boys, her mom reminded her. Ronnie agreed even as she rolled her eyes. Unless her parents had a nanny cam somewhere, how would they know if Shawn or even Gavin was here?
Ronnie was ready to go a full half hour before Shawn was supposed to pick her up for the movie. She played on the computer and picked through a stack of books she still wanted to read. She was about to go crazy from boredom by the time Shawn showed up. 
You look amazing, he declared as he pulled her close for a kiss. Ronnie beamed. She wore a pair of light wash skinny jeans and a turquoise off-the-shoulder tunic with turquoise sequined sandals. Her hair was wavy from being in a braid all day and she let it fall down her back and around her shoulders.
So do you, she agreed and kissed him again. His blond waves looked a little messy and he wore a white polo shirt and khaki shorts; preppy and definitely hot. She momentarily thought about disobeying her mom and keeping Shawn here instead of going to the movie but then decided to go to the theater anyway. It wasnt like Shawn had to leave right away when he walked her home.
The movie was as good as she expected and Ronnie insisted she had to buy it once it came out on DVD. They talked about their favorite parts of the movie as they drove to Romeros Pizza Parlor, making the four blocks pass in a blink of an eye. Once they arrived at the pizza place, the hostess seated them in a cozy back corner and enjoyed an intimate meal.
By the time they left, it was fully dark outside. Ronnie shivered despite the warmth clinging to the air, nervous as they stepped out into the night. Shawn wrapped an arm around her shoulders and noticed she looked a little worried.
Dont worry, Im here. Nothings going to hurt you, Shawn promised and kissed the top of her head. Ronnie smiled as she laid her head on his shoulder while they walked down the street. 
Where are we going? she asked.
Im not ready to take you home yet, he replied. Ronnie smiled, remembering their time at the parkbefore the wraiths attacked. Tingly anticipation spread through her as she hoped for a repeat performance.
Im not ready to go home yet, she agreed.
They walked lazily, meandering down the streets, and even though Ronnie felt safe with Shawn, she found herself looking into the shadows and jumping at every little noise. Knowing she was a target for the wraiths made being outside at night more terrifying than ever. She thought she saw something as her phone chimed to alert her to a new text message. She dug it out her purse and couldnt help a smile when she saw the message from Gavin. Im here. She sighed, relieved, and snuggled back into Shawns embrace as she dropped her phone back into her purse.
Who was that? Shawn asked.
Andi; she just wanted to see if Im home yet, Ronnie replied. Ill call her later. She smiled up at Shawn. Knowing Gavin was there watching over her made her feel better about being outside. 
Eventually, they made it back to Shawns car and headed to Ronnies house. When they arrived, Ronnie let Shawn stay for an hour. By the time she pushed him out the door (and locked it behind him so she wouldnt pull him back in), they were both breathless and Ronnie knew she looked like she had been making out for an hour. She ran her hands through her tangled hair and beamed as she made the rounds through the house to make sure everything was locked before heading to bed. As she walked up the stairs, she wished she had invited Andi to spend the night just so she wouldnt be alone. Last nights attack was still fresh in her mind and she feared it could happen again.
She got to her room and found the door partly open and the lamp on her bedside table glowing. Her heart pounded as she pushed open the door, wondering what she was going to find  though she didnt think a wraith would leave a light on for her. Gavin looked up from where he lounged on her bed as she walked into the room.
Send lover boy home? he asked with a smirk. Ronnie blushed. She couldnt help it; she knew what she looked like.
Yeah. Im not really supposed to have boys here when Im home alone, she admitted. His dark eyes lit up.
And yet you dont kick me out, he commented. She shrugged, trying to play it cool as her heart picked up speed again. To distract herself, she turned to her dresser and opened a drawer to pull out some pajamas.
Youre not wholly human, you dont really count, she replied over her shoulder and took her pajamas to the bathroom to change.
She changed her clothes, washed her face, brushed her hair and tried to take as much time as possible in the bathroom before returning to her room. She had Gavin waiting in her bedroomcocky, sexy, not-quite-human Gavin. She allowed herself two minutes to freak out about it, ran a hand over her hair and left the bathroom. He looked up when she paused in the doorway and grinned as his eyes roamed her outfit: a pair of hot pink yoga pants and a matching t-shirt  nothing sexy about it.
Nice try, he said as she entered the room. She smiled as she sat on the edge of the bed and noticed the comic book lying open on his lap.
That any good? she asked motioning towards the book and ignoring his comment. It wasnt like she tried to be distracting. He shrugged as he closed it and set it on her bedside table.
Its okay. It passes the time, he replied and scooted over so she could sit next to him. She stayed where she was.
What are you doing here? she asked.
Did you really think I was going to let you stay home alone all night?
Yes. And how did you know I would be alone? I could have allowed Shawn to stay. Do you read minds, too?
No, though you make me wish I could.
She squirmed self consciously and didnt know what to say. Gavin watched her, obviously waiting for her next question, but her mind went blank the moment his eyes met hers. She couldnt think when he looked at her that way. She jumped up and started pacing, the fact that they were alone in her bedroom made way too obvious by the quiet all around them.
Whats going on, Princess? he asked, his voice more amused than concerned. Ronnie continued to pace, refusing to look at him. But she knew the moment he reached out to grab her arm to stop her. Her heart pounded in her throat as she looked down at him. Worry crossed his face and then annoyance as something beeped in his pocket. She couldnt help thinking saved by the bell as he let her go and reached into his pocket to pull out what looked like a Blackberry. He looked at the screen, grimaced, and glanced up at her.
Its my sister, he told her. I missed my call to her earlier.
The one with wings? she asked. He nodded. Curiosity won out over her nervousness and she sat down next to him as she told him to answer the call. She expected him to put the phone to his ear. Instead, he laid it in the palm of his hand, pointed it at the wall across from her bed and hit a button below the touch screen. Immediately, the picture of a young woman with long golden locks and beautiful blue wings appeared on the wall.
There you are. I was starting to think you were ignoring me, the young woman declared as she looked at them out of the screen. Ronnie realized this was a lot like video chat, meaning his sister could see her, too. The girls eyes landed on her the same moment Ronnie realized this.
Oh, I didnt realize you were busy, his sister said. Gavin sighed. You dont usually answer if youre with a girl.
Osirah, this is Veronica, he stated. Ronnie held her breath, worried about his sisters reaction to her. After a moment of shock, Osirahs blue eyes widened and a huge grin split her face.
Mama, she yelled turning away from the screen. Gavin leaned forward, trying to call his sister back, but it was too late. At that moment, a beautiful woman with darkly tanned skin, long black hair and Gavins eyes entered the picture. The woman smiled warmly even as her assessing gaze made Ronnie squirm, feeling like they had been caught doing something they shouldnt. Her gaze turned to Gavin and she raised her eyebrow in a look Ronnie knew well. Ronnie bit her lower lip to keep from giggling as color crept into Gavins cheeks, making him look absolutely adorable.
Hello, Mama, he greeted the woman. This is Veronica.
Hello, Veronica, his mom said and Ronnie replied the same. Meeting Gavins mom brought back all of her nervousness from a moment ago and she felt a blush creep into her cheeks.
You two look like you have something to feel guilty about, she commented and shook her head when Gavin opened his mouth to argue. No, I dont want to know. I gave up on most human conflicts when I came here to be with your father. She looked at Ronnie. It was nice to meet you, Veronica. I hope the next time will be in person.
It was nice to meet you Ronnie replied and her voice trailed off as she wondered what she should call the woman. His mom smiled kindly, immediately understanding her dilemma.
You can call me Dusana, she told Ronnie. Ronnie grinned.
Gavin, call back when youre less occupied, she added and the wall went blank. Ronnie giggled as she watched Gavin put the phone away and settled back against the pillows, making sure to keep a respectable distance between them. She giggled some more when she saw just how much his mom embarrassed him.
Thats not how I expected that to go, he told her, his cheeks as red as Ronnies usually were.
Really? I thought it went rather well, she teased still giggling. He gave her a look that quelled her giggles.
She thought we were being romantic, he stated.
Then next time dont answer when were in bed together. The words were out before she could censor them and she immediately clapped both hands over her mouth, unable to believe she just said that. Gavin relaxed as he chuckled and draped an arm over her shoulders.
Glad to know you think there will be a next time, he replied, his gaze heated as he grinned at her. Ronnies stomach clenched as an answering desire raced through her body. She tried to look away but couldnt. His mouth had become the center of her world. She wanted him to kiss her. Her eyes met his and she knew he wanted to kiss her as he leaned his head toward hers. His lips were almost to hers when she realized what she was doing and jumped off the bed.
Shit, they swore at the same time. Ronnie turned away and covered her face with her hands. She asked herself what she was thinking, even though it was obvious she wasnt thinking at all. She had a boyfriend; Shawn was a wonderful guy. She didnt need to ruin anything.
Im sorry, Gavin apologized, interrupting her silent tirade. She turned back to him. I shouldnt have done that. 
Ronnie shook her head as she gingerly sat on the edge of the bed and faced him, clasping her hands together to keep from grabbing him and finishing what they started. Desire still coursed through her. She couldnt look at him.
Its not just your fault, she admitted to her hands. A heavy silence hung between them and both sighed, unsure of where to go from here.
Do you want me to leave? Gavin asked quietly. She lifted her head to look at him. Their eyes met and she knew that despite what almost happened, she didnt want to turn out the light and be alone. Gavin made her feel safe and she needed that tonight.
No, I want you to stay, she whispered. He visibly relaxed. A smile tugged at his lips as she scooted onto the bed, back to his side.
Just dont try anything, she added, as much for her benefit as for his. He chuckled as he draped an arm over her shoulders and she settled against him.
Tell me about Kalearnia, she requested, laying her head on his shoulder. Her eyelids grew heavy as he told her about a magical land with rolling green hills and fields spun from gold. She sighed as she drifted off to sleep, wondering what it would be like to go there someday.
Chapter Twenty One

Ronnie dreamed about a beautiful white stone castle on top of a hill. Purple flags flew from atop the turrets and an oak drawbridge lowered as she neared it. Gavin walked beside her, his hand in hers, and smiled at her as they started over the bridge into the outer castle.
What the hell is going on here? her mom screeched. Ronnie bolted up, the dream leaving her mind as her mom grabbed her arm and pulled her out of bed.
And who the hell are you? her mom added as Ronnie rubbed her eyes, trying to wake up enough to make sense of what was going on. She ran a hand through her hair as Gavin materialized next to her. Only he hadnt just materializedhe spent the night.
Oh my god, she whispered, a hand over her mouth as she stared at him with wide eyes. His hair was rumpled from sleep, but his eyes were alert and guiltily met hers.
Im sorry, Ronnie. I meant to leave, he told her.
You meant to leave? her mom repeated. Ronnie and Gavin cringed. Ronnie stared at her mom, wondering why she was home so early when she spent the night in Chicago. It was at least a two-hour drive to get home. A quick look at the clock showed Ronnie it was after eleven, plenty of time for her parents to check out of their hotel and get home.
What the hell are you doing here? Ronnies mom asked Gavin and then rounded on her daughter. What the hell happened here last night? Who is this guy? I never expected to find you in bed with a guy, but if it would have been anyone, I expected to find Shawn. I dont even know him.
Ronnies cheeks flushed at the mention of Shawn, dread settling in the pit of her stomach. Oh god, what had she done? Even though they had only slept and nothing happened, how was she going to explain this to Shawn? She couldnt even explain it to her mom. Anything she tried to say would only make the situation worse.
Youre grounded for a month, her mom declared when Ronnie kept quiet. Good luck when you tell Shawn what you did to make that happen.
Ronnies face drained of color as her mom crossed the room to leave. At the door, her mom turned back and added,
You know, Brian never did anything like this to us. Youre such a disappointment.
Tears spilled down Ronnies cheeks as her mom left the room. She jumped when Gavin reached for her and then turned into him and sobbed against his chest. She was absolutely mortified. She never should have asked him to stay. How was she going to make Shawn understand nothing happened?
Im so sorry, Gavin apologized. I was going to leave before dawn. I dont know why I didnt wake up. I never wanted this to happen.
Ronnie looked up at him through watery eyes. Im the one who asked you to stay, she reminded him brokenly and shook as fresh sobs tried to overcome her. She took a deep breath and swallowed down the tears, wiping her eyes as she stepped away from him.
Princess, he began and stopped when she looked up at him. Nothing either of them could say would make this situation better. Ronnie knew it would only get worse once she saw Shawn.
You know what, give me five minutes and well go down together; at least if youre there, she cant yell anymore than she already has, Ronnie suggested and Gavin mutely nodded. His jaw was set, his shoulders tense, and his eyes tortured; Ronnie wanted to say something comforting but didnt know what to say. She reached out and touched his arm. His eyes met hers. She swallowed and nodded, and then turned away to grab some clothes and go to the bathroom to get changed. It was so reminiscent of last night she thought she had dj vu, but the outcome was so much different. Instead of something almost happening, they had been caught together when nothing happened.
Ronnie returned to her bedroom wearing a pair of black jeans and a black tank top, her hair in a long braid down her back. She didnt even think about her tattooat this point, what more could her mom do to her? She was already grounded and more than likely going to lose Shawn once she explained what happened.
Are you sure thats wise? Gavin asked motioning towards her tattoo. Ronnie shrugged one shoulder.
What more can she do? Ground me another month and tell me again how disappointing I am? Ronnie replied bitterly and reached for his hand. Come on, lets get this over with.
She led him out of her room and down the stairs. They were still holding hands when they walked into the living room and found Shawn sitting on the couch. Ronnies cheeks burned as she dropped Gavins hand but it was too late; he noticed. Shawns face flushed with anger as he jumped to his feet.
Whats going on, Ronnie, he ground out. Ronnies heart pounded in her throat. She resisted the urge to reach for Gavins hand again. She knew that would only make things worse. Instead, she squared her shoulders and looked Shawn in the eye, even though she knew he wouldnt believe her or even listen to her until he calmed down.
Nothings going on, Shawn, she told him steadily. She watched Shawn struggle to pull himself together but knew it wasnt going to happen when his gaze cut to Gavin.
Then what were you doing coming downstairs with him, Shawn continued. And why were you holding his hand? What the hell are you doing, Ronnie?
Shawn, its not what it looks like, Ronnie stated and snapped her mouth shut. The words were lame and
Not funny, Ronnie. That usually means its exactly what it looks like, Shawn interrupted. Her face flushed, her cheeks red as the moment Gavin almost kissed her came back to her. That was not what she needed to think about right now.
Is this why you sent me home? Shawn yelled at her. So you could be with him? Was he waiting when you got home? Did he stay all night?
Shawn, please listen to me. Nothing happened. She reached out to touch his arm but he pulled away before she could, looking appalled that she would even try. Tears rapidly filled her eyes despite her attempt to stop them.
Did he stay overnight? Shawn asked tightly, his voice full of barely controlled rage.
Yes, she admitted, her voice cracking, and looked away. Shawn glared down at her before turning towards Gavin. Ronnie looked up as Shawn stepped around her, lifted his fist, and punched Gavin in the face. She gasped but stopped herself from intervening, praying Shawn wouldnt strike again.
Get out of town, man, Shawn growled and stormed from the house. Ronnie watched him go with tears streaming down her cheeks. She sniffed and wiped her eyes as she looked back at Gavin but the tears wouldnt stop. Her chest hurt and she knew it was her heart shattering.
I have to go, Gavin told her, his voice thick with emotion. Ronnie reached out to grab his arm as he headed for the door but he sidestepped her reach and kept going.
Please dont go, she begged as he reached the door. He turned back and she cringed at the blossoming bruise on the right side of his face.
Isnt that what started all this? he reminded her and walked out the door. Ronnies control snapped as the door clicked shut behind him. She collapsed into the nearest chair and sobbed. Everything was ruined. She lost Shawn and even though he hadnt said it, she knew she lost Gavin, too.
Chapter Twenty Two

Ronnie hid in her bedroom the rest of the day, refusing even to talk to Andi when she called multiple times. She couldnt believe everything that had happened. She and Shawn had barely begun to have a relationship before she ruined itand she hadnt even done anything wrong! She hoped Shawn would let her explain what really happened, though she knew that day wasnt going to come any time soon. Shawn needed to calm down first.
She lay on her bed to go to sleep that night and frowned when she felt something under the blankets. She reached underneath and pulled out the black device Gavin used to talk to his mom and sister. It must have fallen out of his pocket after he fell asleep. She sighed as she set it on her nightstand, hoping she would see him tomorrow to return it. She wanted to change the way things ended with them this morning. She wanted to be wrong about losing him.
Ronnie slept until she absolutely had to get out of bed the next morning. Then, she turned off her alarm and went down to the bathroom for a quick shower. She hadnt slept well. She dreamed about Shawn all night and woke up several times with tears on her pillow and cheeks. The fact that her pillow still smelled like Gavin only made her feel worse and she wondered what she could do to rectify the situation. She knew Gavin blamed himself for everything that happened yesterday morning.
Ronnie wore a pair of grey sweatpants and a bland grey t-shirt to school that day with white flip-flops on her feet. She didnt have anyone to impress anymore so she didnt even want to try. Andi took one look at her and asked what happened to her best friend. It was then that Ronnie remembered she hadnt talked to Andi yesterday. Her chest began to hurt as she tried to get into Andis car but Andi grabbed her arm and wouldnt let her go.
What happened to you, Ronnie? You never wear sweats in public, Andi reminded her, her voice higher pitched than usual. Ronnie shook her head as tears flooded her eyes. She swiped at them but they slid down her cheeks anyway. Andi immediately pulled Ronnie into her arms.
Whats going on, honey? Andi asked gently.
Shawn broke up with me, Ronnie sobbed.
What? Andi exclaimed stepping back to look at her. What did you do?
Why does it have to be something I did? God, nothing even happened. Ronnie wiped her eyes again, anger helping to stop her tears.
What do you mean nothing even happened?
Ronnie took a deep breath and slowly let it out. Gavin showed up after Shawn left me Saturday night, she explained. We were talking in my room and we fell asleep together. My mom found us yesterday morning when they got back from Chicago.
Gavin spent the night in your bed? And nothing happened? Andis eyes were so wide it would have been comical in any other situation. Ronnie nodded.
I swear we only slept next to each other. The image of Gavin almost kissing her came to mind again and she immediately shooed it away; now was definitely not the time to think about that.
But hes gorgeous and he can be sweet and he has those eyes, Andi gushed. Ronnie nodded again and bit her lower lip, which she knew was a sure sign she was hiding something. She didnt want to talk about it. She didnt even want to think about Saturday night. How could something so wonderful end so badly? Andis expression cleared and she frowned as she studied Ronnie.
What are you hiding? Andi asked with a hand on her hip. Ronnies cheeks warmed.
Nothing, she lied.
Try again. What really happened when you were with Gavin?
Yeah, Id like to know that, too, Shawn spoke up. Ronnies eyes widened. She hadnt expected to see him so soon. Her heart fluttered in her chest as she looked at him and took in his perfect blond waves, his beautiful face, his gorgeous body. The only thing ruining the image was the coldness in his blue eyes. Ronnie ran a hand over her hair, exasperated with both of them.
Oh my god, we talked and we fell asleep. Nothing. Happened, she insisted. She wished Gavin was here, he would back her up. 
Yeah right, Shawn muttered and turned towards Andi. Come on, Andi, lets go to school.
Ronnie watched as Shawn draped an arm over Andis shoulders and her two best friends climbed into Andis car without her. Her heart twisted in her chest and she blinked away more tears as she watched them drive away. With the pain from yesterday returning to her chest, Ronnie got into her car and followed after her friends. Her only happy thought was that Gavin would be in first period and she could return his phone to him.
Ronnies mood only sunk further when she walked into first period and saw Gavins seat empty. She wondered if he was avoiding her as she walked to homeroom almost an hour later and he wasnt there either. In fact, he didnt show up all morning. Between missing him and the glares Shawn shot her way every chance he got, she was so distraught that she decided to do something she had never done before. Instead of going to the cafeteria for lunch, she shoved everything in her locker, grabbed her purse and headed out the first door she saw. The midday sun blinded her and she wished she had her sunglasses.
She climbed into her car and drove down the street without purpose, aimlessly wandering through town. She let the light traffic take her wherever it would and she wasnt surprised to end up in front of The Reading Corner fifteen minutes later. She parked at the curb and climbed out of her car. Of course she would come here; up until a week ago it had been her sanctuary. She took a fortifying breath and pulled open the door, entering the store before she could remember why she stopped going there. Just inside the door she paused and took another deep breath, a deep sense of homecoming overriding every other emotion whirling inside of her. She let out the breath and headed back to her favorite section. It had been way too long since she had been here.
She pulled several books off the shelves and sat in the middle of the aisle to read the back covers. She couldnt decide between another new teen vampire/werewolf novel or if she wanted to branch out into something without all the supernatural stuff. With so much supernatural stuff now in her life, maybe reading something normal was what she needed. She read the backs of a few Sarah Dessen novels and finally decided on Someone Like You and That Summer, the authors first two novels. She loved the movie How to Deal starring Mandy Moore and had read somewhere that the movie was partially based on these books. 
Enjoying yourself? a familiar voice spoke up. Ronnie gasped as she looked up, her heart sliding towards her toes as she tried to keep her reaction under control. Rick, or Commander Ulrich Goodyear as she tried to think of him now, smiled down at her. He wore black cargo pants (that must be a Defender requirement) and a maroon polo shirt. His golden hair gleamed in the light and his smile just as bright. Ronnie shrugged one shoulder as she looked down at the books in her hands.
Ive missed seeing you, he added when she didnt say anything.
Ive been busy, she replied still not looking at him.
Busy avoiding me, he corrected and her cheeks flushed. She realized she was acting like a weak little girl and she was so tired of it that she lifted her head and met his gaze. He looked so normal, it was shocking. She wouldve never known what was hidden underneath if she hadnt seen it firsthand. A tremble started in her stomach at the memory and she clenched her jaw, glaring at Rick.
You have no reason to be mad at me, dear girl, he stated silkily.
I have every reason, she hissed at him, trying to keep her voice down so they wouldnt draw the attention of nearby shoppers. I dont know what you are, but I know who you are and I know what youre doing.
He didnt seem fazed by her announcement, he just kept smiling peacefully. And what do you think it is I am trying to do?
The trembling in her stomach increased. I dont know, but I know you want to use me, she whispered, all of her bravado gone.
So, wanting to get to know a beautiful young girl equates to using you? If you know who I am, then you know that I know youve been chosen to be recruited. Im simply trying to get a feel for you, to decide whether youll be worthy of the title Spiral Defender once you earn it.
Well, you have a funny way of showing it. What was that when you walked me home? Your face changed and all the shadows swarmed to you. Her phone chimed in her purse and she didnt have to look to know who the message was from. She realized that was why she started this conversation.
I have no idea what youre talking about, Rick declared precisely, though his teal eyes were as hard as ice as he glared down at her. Ronnie tried not to visibly shake. Her phone chimed again.
You might want to answer that. Your boyfriend might be jealous, Rick added and stalked out of the aisle. Ronnie watched him go with wide eyes. Did he know who the messages were from? Ronnie stood on shaky legs and took her books to the cashier. Once they were paid for, she left the store. She started down the street towards her car and yelped when she was suddenly pulled into an alley next to the store. She swung out with her books as she was pushed against the brick wall and a hand covered her mouth. Her eyes widened even more when she saw who captured her.
What the hell were you doing? Gavin seethed as he removed his hand from her mouth.
It got you here, didnt it? she pointed out breathlessly, her heart pounding so hard her chest hurt.
He could have hurt you, he continued, his body and one hand still holding her against the wall.
He wouldnt have. He only wanted to scare me again. He says he wants to be my friend.
Gavin snorted as he turned away from her, letting her go so abruptly she stumbled forward. He doesnt have friends. He has people he controls, Gavin sneered. Ronnie leaned against the wall again, feeling foolish for what she had done. Worry for Gavin wasnt a good enough reason to put herself in a potentially dangerous situation.  
Im sorry, she whispered, choking on the words, and he turned back to her. She looked at him as he closed the distance between them, his anger slowly replaced by concern. He pulled her into his arms and her hands clung to his black t-shirt as tears flowed down her cheeks. She wondered if she would ever stop crying, if her heart would ever stop hurting. Gavin stroked her hair and let her cry. After a few minutes, she stopped crying and smoothed his shirt as she looked up at him.
I think we both need a break, he said quietly. She nodded.
That would be great, she agreed.
And I know just the place to go. A smile pulled at the corners of his lips as he stepped back but kept her hand. Do you trust me?
Yes, she stated without hesitation. His smile became genuine and Ronnie couldnt help smiling in return.
Then come with me, he said and turned her towards a black swirling portal that suddenly appeared behind them. Ronnie took a deep breath and then walked through.
Chapter Twenty Three

Ronnie felt a sense of dj vu and gripped Gavins hand tighter as he led her through the inky blackness. Outside the veil, she could see shapes and people from her world. As the shapes became more indistinct, her panic started to rise. Gavin stopped and looked at her, sensing her distress.
Theres nothing in here thats going to hurt you, he declared, his eyes meeting hers. A cocky grin stretched his lips as he added, And I can take care of whatever thinks it can.
The look was so like him that she relaxed and nodded. Okay, she agreed. But where are we?
The In Between, which is exactly as it sounds. Its how Spiral Defenders travel from one place to another. Its the easiest form of travel, especially when we have to go to other planets.
So where are you taking me?
The cockiness left his smile, leaving her knees weak. Home.
They stepped out of the shadows and Ronnie blinked in the sudden brightness of sunlight. She gasped after her eyes adjusted and she looked around. The rolling emerald hills and golden fields were exactly like they had been in her dream yesterday morning. In the distance, on top of a hill, sat the white castle with purple flags.
Its so beautiful, she breathed. Gavin grinned at her.
Come on, we dont have much time. I want to leave again before the queen knows Im here, he told her as he squeezed her hand. She grinned at him.
So, this is kind of like an unauthorized trip home? she asked. He nodded. All of her sadness dissipated as he led her down a path past a wheat field towards the castle. She tried to take in everything as they walked, but it was all so dazzling that it was hard to believe she was actually here. When Gavin veered off the path into a small grove of orange trees, she wanted to stop and pick one or two but Gavin shook his head and kept walking. She gasped and her eyes widened with delight at the small stone cottage they came to. Almost as soon as Ronnie took it in, the front door burst open and Osirah ran out to greet her brother, embracing Gavin in a tight hug.
Youre home, Osirah exclaimed, laughing as she stepped back and turned to Ronnie. And youre here! she added and embraced Ronnie before she realized what was happening. Ronnie tentatively wrapped her arms around the blue-winged young woman, the silk of her light blue gown cool against Ronnies skin.
Youre so much prettier in person, Osirah declared, beaming as she stepped away from Ronnie, who blushed and grinned. It was so nice to have someone welcome her home, even if this wasnt her home.
Brendans at training and Amethea went to the market, Osirah reported as the three of them headed towards the house. Ronnie could hear the noise of pots and pans moving around from inside and wondered what she would find once they walked in. What she saw was not what she expected. 
Dusana stood at the stove stirring a big black pot with her back to the door. A plate of chocolate chip cookies, four brown ceramic cups, and a glass pitcher of milk sat in the middle of a round table. Herbs hung drying from the rafters above the sink. Everything looked so normal that Ronnie burst into tears as Dusana turned away from the stove to greet her children.
Oh, dear child, Dusana murmured as she crossed the room to Ronnie and embraced the girl. Gavins mom smelled like fresh herbs and vanilla soap, making Ronnie cry even harder. She couldnt remember the last time her own mom held her while she cried. When Ronnies tears finally subsided, she meekly smiled as she stepped out of Dusanas embrace.
There is no need to be embarrassed, paidaki mou, Dusana declared. We are all family here.
Ronnie looked into Dusanas face and could feel another round of tears forming in her eyes. She blinked them away and looked at Gavin and Osirah. Both sat at the table watching her with their mother. Osirah grinned warmly but Gavins expression was unreadable. She wondered if she had done something wrong as Dusana moved around her to stand behind him.
Stop worrying so much, paidi mou, she told him and bent down to kiss the top of his head. Gavins cheeks pinked as Ronnie wondered what he was so worried about.
Come, sit down, Dusana told Ronnie, interrupting her musings. Ronnie smiled as she sat down between Osirah and Gavin. Dusana looked out one of the windows by the door and sighed.
You have about ten minutes to tell me whats going on, she told Gavin, who nodded like he already knew this.
Why only ten minutes? Ronnie asked as she nibbled on a cookie. It was still warm and the chocolate melted on her hand.
Because thats how long itll take for the Queens Page to get here from the castle, Gavin replied warily. And if were not gone before he gets here, well both be asked into an audience.
Why would that be so bad?
Because bringing you here is what the queen sent me out to do. If she learns Ive accomplished my mission, you wont be allowed to return home.
Why not? Anger stirred in the pit of her stomach. Who did this queen think she was? The only people allowed to make rules about her life were her parents. She frowned as Gavin stayed silent, sheepishly looking down at the crumbs in front of him. Ronnie looked up at the other women, but they both looked confused. They obviously didnt know anything.
It has to do with the part you cant tell me about, Ronnie guessed. Gavin nodded as he looked up at her, his dark eyes begging her to understand. She sighed and nodded. But someday you have to tell me everything, she added. He nodded.
I just want being here to be your choice, he told her. She smiled.
It will be, she promised. Just like coming here now had been her choice, Ronnie knew she wanted to return someday. She liked his mom and sister and looked forward to meeting the rest of his family.
Okay, so tell me what brings you home, Dusana spoke up in the silence. Ronnie and Gavin exchanged an embarrassed look, neither one of them keen to tell his mom what happened. Unfortunately, Osirah figured it out.
Oh my goddess, you slept together, she exclaimed. Ronnies cheeks flamed to life.
You make it sound so dirty when you put it that way, Ronnie muttered.
Whatever happened, its never dirty, Osirah argued. Love in all forms is beautiful.
Ronnie glanced at Gavin and then looked away when he looked at her. Her cheeks grew even warmer as she wondered about her true feelings for Gavin. Sure, she was attracted to him and she loved how safe he made her feel, but she didnt truly love him. She loved Shawn. 
Thinking about Shawn made her chest ache and tears spring to her eyes. She hastily wiped them away; they didnt have time for her to break down again. Gavin reached for her hand and she looked up at him. Her breath caught in her throat at the affection she saw in his dark eyes and she worriedly wondered about his feelings for her. Did he love her? She didnt have any time to think about it because he stood up and pulled her to her feet with the hand he still held.
We have to go, he stated. She nodded. Of course they had to go. He didnt want to be forced into an audience with the queen.
Go out the back and through the grove, Dusana instructed as she quickly hugged Gavin and Ronnie.
Come back when you can stay longer, Osirah added and headed out the front door.
Ronnie said goodbye as Gavin led her through the cottage to a door at the end of a long hallway off the kitchen. Gavin paused outside a closed door next to the door leading outside.
Next time Ill have to show you my bedroom, he told her with such a confident, cocky grin that Ronnie laughed out loud. Gavin grinned, apparently getting the reaction he hoped for, and opened the door to the outside. As they walked through the grove and into the inky darkness that would take them back to her world, she knew she would never be able to thank Gavin enough for sharing this with her.
Chapter Twenty Four

Ronnie stumbled as they walked out of the In Between into her bedroom and Gavin automatically reached out to steady her. His arms came around her and she stared up at him, his sisters words about love ringing in her ears. She blushed as she stepped away.
Im sorry, he apologized, obviously trying to hide how uncomfortable the moment was. Ronnie sighed and shook her head.
No, dont apologize, we need to talk about this, she declared and pulled him over to sit with her on the edge of the bed. She kept his hand in hers, running her fingers over and around his, embarrassed by the words running through her mind. I love you seemed too intense, especially since she already loved Shawn, but the L-word kept replaying in her mind along with all the emotion she saw in Gavins eyes after his sisters comment. She knew at least some of that emotion was mirrored in her own eyes. Gavin shifted and cleared his throat.
Okay, if you wont start, then I will, he began and Ronnie looked up. Her eyes met his as he continued. When I first saw a picture of you, I knew you would mean something to me. I was attracted to you even before I met you. And then I met you. Seeing you outside homeroom was like a kick in the gut; you knocked the air right out of me. But I could also see you had your eyes and your heart on someone else. My mission was to bring you back to Kalearnia as one of the chosen recruits, not to make you fall in love with me. So I locked up my emotions and tried to spend that week distancing myself from you, which was impossible with how much we were thrown together.
Last night when I apologized for almost kissing you, I didnt mean it. I wouldnt apologize if it happened again and I wouldnt stop before it happened. Youve invaded every aspect of my life, my dreams and my waking self. But I know thats not what you need right now. I know you need a friend and Im trying to be your friend, but what kind of friend ruins the best relationship you ever had?
Ronnie stared at him when he stopped talking, her mind whirling with everything he said. It basically came down to the fact that he had loved her since he met her despite the fact that she practically hated him the first few days. Then she realized the last thing he said and her paralysis broke. She shook her head.
But its not your fault, she told him and continued before he could argue. No, listen to me. Even though we almost kissed last night, we didnt. We did nothing wronghow is falling asleep with a friend a crime? Because you are my friend. God, Gavin, yes, Im attracted to you; I think youre cute and cocky and if Shawn wasnt in the picture, you are the guy I would fall for. But Shawn is around. I just need to get him to understand that nothing happened.
If hes not man enough to listen to you and believe you, hes not worth itand Im not saying that because I know Im next in line. You deserve someone who treats you right.
Someone who treats me like a princess?
She grinned at him. He laughed, she laughed and the tension broke between them. Ronnie knew she would always be attracted to Gavin and she could admit that in some ways she loved him, but she wasnt in love with him. She had to try to fix things with Shawn and deal with the fallout before she entertained the idea of another relationship. Her good mood disappeared and she sighed. She could only think of one way to fix things with Shawn and she wasnt sure how he would react to it.
Uh oh, whats wrong now? Gavin asked, his tone still playful.
The only way Im going to get Shawn to believe me is if I tell him the truth about you, Ronnie replied sadly. But I dont want to do that to you.
You do what you think you have to, he instructed, all playfulness gone. Maybe by telling Shawn and even Andi, it wont seem so much like were sneaking around behind everyones back.
Yeah, maybe. She took a deep breath and forced a smile. Okay, enough drama for one day. Lets go out and enjoy the afternoon. But first, how long do I have to decide whether Im going to Kalearnia?
Hope lit up his eyes. You would do that?
I dont know. I liked it there. It was really pretty and I liked meeting your mom and sister. Thats why I need to know how much time I have. Theres a lot here I have to deal with before I leave everything behind.
Okay, well, the queen gave me a month and I got here a few days before school started, so you have about two and a half weeks.
Guess that means I better get to work on repairing my relationship. She grinned as she took his hand and pulled him to his feet, much like he did to her at his house.
Come on; take me for a walk while I dont have to be afraid.
You never have to be afraid.
I know, its one of the reasons I keep you around.
She laughed at his appalled expression as she pulled him out of her bedroom. They were still holding hands as they left her house a moment later.
First things first, I need to get my car, Ronnie said as they started walking away from her house. Gavin nodded.
So, you did all those annoying things because you like me? What are you, eight? she teased as they wandered down her street towards town. His cheeks pinked.
I started training when I was ten. I didnt have much chance to date until my initiation. Even now, I defend more than I date.
Ronnie frowned as she realized he missed out on most of his childhood. Thats sad, she said and sighed. The tattoo between her shoulder blades tingled. How old were you when you got your tattoo?
Sixteen. Most Defenders are between sixteen and eighteen when they get initiated.
So technically, I shouldnt have this tattoo yet. She grinned at him when he nodded. Guess that means Im just super special.
He chuckled and nodded. The sound died in his throat when Ronnie continued to smile at him. You know, Princess, you keep looking at me like that, Im going to get the wrong idea.
Ronnies smile faltered. She hadnt even realized she was flirting. She was just enjoying her time with him. I just want to feel loved, she admitted in a small voice.
You are loved. If Shawn didnt love you so much, he wouldnt be so mad.
Oh, how sweet. Now you give advice on love, too, Lieutenant Clearwater, Rick spoke up behind them. Both of them spun around and Ronnies eyes widened, her heart pounding, as Gavin dropped to one knee and put his right fist over his heart as he bowed his head. Ronnie wondered what he was doing until she remembered that Rick was Commander of the Spiral Defenders, Gavins boss.
I didnt know you were there, Commander Goodyear, Gavin declared still not looking up. 
Obviously, Rick sneered. Get up; you dont need to do that here.
Gavin straightened and kept his expression neutral as his gaze met Ricks. Ronnies stomach trembled from the tension between the two of them as she wondered what Rick was going to do. He continued to glare at Gavin.
I see youve met another recruit, Rick commented, his eyes flicking to Ronnie. She flinched. She didnt want him to be around her or even look at her. She knew he lied in the book store and now he was going to use that to his advantage.
Yes, sir, Gavin replied. His hands were clasped in front of him but Ronnie knew he wanted to reach out for her, to protect her from whatever Rick was up to.
Well, shes no longer your concern. From now on, any questions, concerns or communications Miss Lambert has concerning recruitment will go through me, Rick declared. Ronnie shook her head.
No, she argued. Ricks glare shot to her. She trembled but stood her ground. I hate you, she declared. I want nothing to do with you. If I cant be with Gavin, I dont want to be recruited at all.
Thats the thing, dear. Once youre in Kalearnia, you cant be with the lieutenant. Theres to be no fraternizing among the ranks.
Ronnie saw anger flash in Gavins eyes and wondered if this rule was one Rick just made up to satisfy his current needs. Unfortunately, she didnt get a chance to ask because Rick continued talking.
Run along now, Lieutenant. Go back to Kalearnia and tell Queen Alina youve done your job. Miss Lambert will return to Kalearnia with the rest of the recruits from Earth, Rick instructed. Gavins eyes met Ronnies and held for a long moment. She wanted to reach out to him, to keep him by her side. She couldnt face Rick alone. But if Rick was Gavins boss, he was surely hers since she was a new recruit. It was then that Ronnie decided going to Kalearnia and becoming a Spiral Defender was what she needed to do. Not only to see Gavin again, but so they could figure out what Rick was up to and find a way to stop him. She put her determination in her eyes and nodded at Gavin, hoping he understood.
Go. Ill see you soon, she whispered to him and he nodded.  With one final look at Rick, Gavin turned and walked into the portal Rick created behind them. Ronnies heart clenched as she watched him disappear into the inky darkness and prayed they would see each other again soon. The portal disappeared and Rick turned to Ronnie, his gaze menacing as he looked down at her.
I know everything that goes on, he hissed. If you contact him, Ill know and he will be stripped of status and powers. I assure you, its a very painful process.
Ronnie swallowed audibly as she nodded. I have no way to contact him, she whispered.
Good. Make sure it stays that way.
Ronnies heart pounded and she trembled as she watched Rick stalk away down the street. Forgetting her car, she turned and headed home, feeling more desolate than ever before. Gavin was gone and Shawn wanted nothing to do with her. Even Andi hadnt tried contacting her. She was all alone and she knew she would have to face Rick again.
Chapter Twenty Five

Once she arrived home, Ronnie went up to her room and curled up on her bed. A glance at the clock told her that school would be out soon. She sighed and rolled onto her back, wondering what she was going to do now. Gavin was gone with no way of communicating with him. Ricks plan was set in motion, whatever his plan was. All Gavin ever said about Rick was that he only had people he controlled and that he was someone to stay away from. Of course, if he was Commander of the Spiral Defenders that meant Gavins opinion was of the minority in Kalearnia. She shuddered as she thought about going back there with Rick. Everyone else might trust him, but she knew she never would.
An odd beeping sound came from next to her bed and she scrambled to the side to see what it was. The beeping came from her purse and she remembered Gavins communication device that she forgot to give back to him. Excitedly, she reached for her purse and sat up as she pulled it out. The name Queen Alina flashed on the screen. That meant she knew Gavin had returned to Kalearnia. She put the phone down to avoid accidentally hitting a button that would answer the call. She wasnt ready to speak to the Queen of Kalearnia. The phone finally quieted down only to start up again. This time the name flashing on the screen was Osirah. Her hands trembled as she picked it up and hit every button along the bottom, unsure of which one would answer the call. Finally, Osirahs picture appeared on the wall.
Oh thank the goddess, Osirah gasped as soon as she saw Ronnie. Wheres Gavin? 
Ronnie noticed Osirahs eyes darting to the left and nodded. Gavin was already home, she was just doing this in case Rick was listening or watching. She shuddered at the thought.
HeHes already home; he should be there. Didnt he arrive yet? she asked.
No. Osirah looked appropriately worried.
Maybe he got stopped by the Queen. Doesnt she always know where everyone is? Ronnie suggested. Osirah nodded.
Yeah, maybe thats it. She sighed. Im sure hell arrive shortly. Osirahs eyes met Ronnies. Are you okay?
Ronnie nodded. Yeah, Im okay. Rick didnt hurt me when he sent Gavin away.
Okay. I have to go. Just remember, guardian angels arent always seen.
Ronnie smiled as she nodded again and said goodbye to Osirah. She put the device back into her purse and pulled out her actual cell phone. She was about to put it on her night stand when it rang. Andis ringtone filled the silence in her room. Tears sprang to Ronnies eyes as she answered the call.
Where the hell have you been, young lady? Ive been worried sick all day, Andi scolded. Tears streamed down Ronnies cheeks as love for her best friend swelled in her chest.
You wouldnt believe me if I told you, Ronnie replied brokenly. But I want to tell you.
Meet me at my house in twenty minutes. I have to stop at the store. Bring something to sleep in; Im calling for a mandatory girls night in. I dont care if its a school night; you need me.
Ronnie agreed and ended the call. After shoving her phone into her purse, she slid off the bed to pack an overnight bag. She grabbed pajamas and a change of clothes (even though she knew she could raid Andis closet) and went to the bathroom to get her toiletries. Her bag was packed in five minutes. She went downstairs and was about to leave when her mom walked into the house. She groaned; the last thing she needed was another confrontation.
Going somewhere? her mom asked as she set the mail on the kitchen counter.
Yeah, Im going to stay at Andis tonight, Ronnie replied.
How can you do that if youre grounded?
Ill walk out the door and go. I shouldnt even be grounded. Nothing happened, though no one will believe me. I know I broke your rule about no boys, but I think it would matter more if I actually did something to warrant the grounding. Sleeping doesnt count.
What do you mean, sleeping doesnt count? I dont care what you did or didnt do in that room. The fact remains that you had a boy in bed with you. You broke the rules and you should be punished for it. Your brother never did anything like this.
No, he just never got caught. Ronnie turned and walked of out the house as her mom stared after her with her mouth hanging wide open. Maybe now her mom would see that her precious, perfect baby boy wasnt so perfect after all.
Ronnie walked the three blocks to Andis house in record time and waited on the front porch for Andi to arrive. Her parents didnt get home until a normal time, like five or six in the evening. She sat on the cold cement step and wondered what her mom was going to do now. She had never stood up to her mom before. A smile stretched across her face as she realized it felt good. Her mom needed to remember that she wasnt Brianshe would never be like her brother.
Andi arrived a few minutes later and the girls hugged before going inside. They hugged again when they got to the kitchen. Andi and Ronnie scooped out bowls of Mint Chocolate Chip ice cream before going into the den to talk. It was their favorite room, mostly because of the big screen TV. They sat on the couch and faced each other.
Did I miss anything this afternoon? Ronnie asked while they ate. Andi shook her head.
No. Shawn was a real ass all day, making snide comments about you and Gavin being off somewhere.
Well, he was kind of right, Ronnie admitted, her heart pounding against her ribs. She needed to talk to someone about this. Andis eyebrows rose as she set her ice cream aside.
What do you mean, he was kind of right? Which part was he right about? she asked.
Gavin and I did go somewhere together, but before I tell you about it, I have to start from the beginning and tell you everything thats been going on.
Ronnie waited for Andi to say something, to ask if she had been dating Gavin all along or some such nonsense, but Andi only picked up her ice cream and began eating again while she waited for the story. Ronnie took a deep breath and began.
As you know, Ive been able to see ghosts ever since I got electrocuted and I think theyre after me. Well, theyve actually attacked me a couple times, and both times Gavin was there and he protected me. The last time was after I got home from going out with Shawn Friday night. He was there, in my room, and he kind of tackled me when I freaked out. But then a wraith attacked me and he stopped it. I got hurt and he healed me. And then he did something that helped me sleep. Ronnie paused to give Andi time to comment. Her friends eyes were huge, looking a little too wide for her face.
So, what happened? Andi prompted.
He came over Saturday morning and told me what he could. He said hes from a planet called Cira, from a land called Kalearnia, and hes a Spiral Defender, someone who protects the citizens on the planets of the Spiral. He also said the shadows that were after me were called wraiths. And he said he was sent to Earth by the queen of Kalearnia on a special mission to bring me back with him. He also said the lightning strike wasnt random; it was a show of me being chosen as a new recruit for the Spiral Defenders.
Andis mouth opened and closed several times when Ronnie stopped talking, her ice cream forgotten while she waited for her friends reaction. Andi shook her head and set her empty bowl on the table next to her. A smile tugged at her lips as she looked at Ronnie.
So, hes an alien? Andi asked grinning. Like on Roswell?
Ronnie giggled. Hes not an alien. Well, I guess you would think of him that way since hes not from Earth. She shook her head. No, hes actually half human and half fairy. His mom is human and shes pretty awesome. I also met his sister, Osirah. She has wings.
Wings? Andi exclaimed. Like a real fairy?
Ronnie nodded. Gavin said its hit or miss with hybrids, what they get from each parent. From what I can tell, Gavins the most human of his family and thats probably why he was chosen to retrieve me from Earth. I just wish I knew what the queen wanted with me. He knows but he wont tell me. He says he cant.
Maybe she forbade him from telling you and her decree makes him choke on the words or something. Andi paused and then grinned again. Thats just so cool! she exclaimed and giggled. Ronnie let out a relieved breath, happy that her friend believed her.
Thank the goddess, she murmured as Andi reached across the couch and pulled Ronnie into a tight hug.
Dont tell me you thought I wouldnt believe you, Andi declared. Even though it makes you sound a little crazy, I will always believe you. So, where is Gavin now? And where did you go with him today?
Ronnie blushed. Well, first, I have to tell you about Saturday night. After I sent Shawn home, I went upstairs and found Gavin waiting for me again. He wanted to make sure I got home okay. It got intense, before and after his sister called. I even talked to his momand of course they thought something was going on and teased him about it because we were sitting on my bed together. And then he almost kissed me.
What do you mean, almost, like he stopped before he could?
More like I jumped off the bed before he could. But god, I wanted him to. I still want to. Ronnie ran a hand over her hair, her entire body blushing from the admission.
I still want to, Andi agreed giggling. So, what happened after the almost kiss?
I asked him to stay with me. Despite the attraction, I didnt want to be alone in my house all night. And then my mom woke us up and grounded me for a month and to top it all off, Shawn was there when I came downstairs with Gavin. I almost think my mom called him.
Andi shook her head. No, he said he went over there because he hadnt talked to you and he wanted to make sure you had been okay alone. Your mom mustve gone upstairs to wake you when he got there and found you and Gavin together. So, seriously, nothing else happened between you two?
Ronnie shook her head. No; nothing. The almost kiss was the closest weve come except for some looks and flirting. Well, he did pour his heart out to me today, but Im getting ahead of myself again. She cleared her throat and set aside her now-empty bowl. As you know, Shawn blew up, Gavin left and I was left alone with my moms wrath. Then this morning, I just couldnt take it anymore. Gavin wasnt there to offer any measure of comfort and you were busy consoling Shawn, so I left right before lunch. I went to The Reading Corner and ran into Rick.
Andi smiled. I bet that helped make you feel better.
No, Andi, Ricks not a good guy. Hes actually the Commander of the Spiral Defenders and he says hes here to make sure all the recruits go to Kalearnia, but I think theres something else going on. I just dont know what it could be. She frowned and shook her head, momentarily distracted. Anyway, Rick said some things and I ran out of there only to be stopped by Gavin. Id known confronting Rick would bring Gavin out of hiding.
Thats why he ended up at The Reading Corner Saturday right after we saw Rick. You called him.
Texted him, but yeah, I did. But today, after he made sure I was all right and calmed down, he took me to Kalearnia.
He took you to Kalearnia? What, does he have a spaceship hidden somewhere?
Ronnie rolled her eyes as Andi giggled. No, actually Spiral Defenders move from planet to planet through the In Between, a dark shadowy world between our world and his. Actually, it must be between every world. She shook her head. Anyway, thats how I met his sister and mom in person. Apparently theyve heard a lot about me because they both hugged me and welcomed me and then asked why we were there. Gavin just said we needed a break, which was true. And then, right before we left, his sister made some comment about love in all forms being beautiful.
And thats when Gavin poured his heart out to you.
It wasnt until we got back to my room, but yeah. He pretty much said he loves me but he knows he cant have me right now because I love Shawn.
But you could love him.
Ronnie blushed again. Yes, I think I could, she whispered. Andi knowingly smiled.
So, is there anything else I need to know?
Just that Rick banished Gavin back to Kalearnia and forbid him to have any contact with me. But I kind of have a way around that. Gavin left his communicator at my house yesterday and I forgot to give it back to him. I already had a short call from his sister. I just dont know what were going to do. I dont want to go anywhere with Rick.
But youll have to if youre going to find out what hes got against the Spiral Defenders.
I dont even know if its the Spiral Defenders hes against. He could be against the queen. But I feel like I have to find out. I have to go there and find out whats going on, and then I have to find a way to stop him.
With Gavins help.
Of course. Even if Rick made up that stupid rule about no fraternizing between ranks, he cant keep us apart if were just friends.
But hell find a way if he knows you two are working against him.
Ronnie sadly nodded as Andi jumped up. She knew Andi was right. Rick would stop at nothing to keep her and Gavin apart. That was already made obvious by him banishing Gavin to another planet. She sighed as Andi moved to the television and put a disc in the DVD player.
Im going to make some popcorn. We need serious princess time, Andi announced and bounded from the room. Her words reminded Ronnie of Gavin always calling her princess and she hoped she would hear him say it again someday soon.
Chapter Twenty Six

Ronnie had a great night hanging out with Andi and was optimistic when she went to school the next morning. She hoped Shawn could be as forgiving as Andi, but when she suggested it to Andi she was told to give him a few days to cool off. 
I love you no matter what you tell me because youre my best friend, Andi explained. Shawn really loves you and he thinks you betrayed him. And I know you didnt, but he needs to cool off before you try explaining it to him.
I just dont know how long I can do this. I miss him. Ive waited so long for this to happen and now Ive ruined it by doing nothing wrong.
You need to give him time. Andi patted Ronnies arm. Ronnie frowned but nodded. 
Seeing Shawn in the halls and the two classes they had together was pure torture. Ronnies heart hurt every time Shawn glared at her or turned his back on her. She wanted to talk to him, but she knew he wasnt ready. Finally, Thursday afternoon, she couldnt stand it any longer. She waited for Shawn after football practice. The teams first game was the next evening so practice only lasted until four. Even though she was still grounded, she needed to talk to Shawn. She had to make him understand. Shawn glared when he came out and found her waiting for him. She took a deep breath and fell into step next to him as he started away from the field.
Shawn, we need to talk, she declared.
We have nothing to say, he replied, not looking at her. She reached up and grabbed his arm but he didnt stop walking.
Dammit, Shawn, we do. I have something I have to say and you need to hear it.
He stopped walking and glared down at her. What could you possibly say? What now, you want to tell me how wonderful he is? How he treats you like youre special? What is it, Ronnie?
Gavins not who you think he is, she blurted out and hated the words as soon as they were out. She grimaced. She didnt know how to do this.
Oh really, hes not interested in you?
It doesnt matter if he is or not. Im only interested in you.
You have a funny way of showing it, what with sleeping with the guy after you kick me out of your house.
I didnt know he would be there. I didnt ask him to be there. Dammit, Shawn, Im trying to tell you hes saved my lifetwice.
How did he do that?
Hes a Spiral Defender, he can defeat the wraiths that were after me, the ghosts.
A what? What the hell are you talking about?
Ronnie ran a hand through her hair, exasperated as she stared up at her ex-boyfriend. This was not going the way she wanted it to. She didnt even know what she was going to say now. A Spiral Defender is someone not from Earth who goes to other planets to keep the peace within the Spiral.
So youre saying hes out of this world. Thats great, Ronnie, just great.
Shawn started walking across the parking lot again and Ronnie stared after him. Her mind whirled with things to say but she knew none of it was going to get through. Shawn was still mad at her and until he cooled down, he wouldnt listen to anything else she had to say. She sighed and ran to catch up to him. He stopped when she came up next to him and continued to glare down at her.
No, Ronnie, no more. I dont want to hear anymore about how wonderful your boyfriend is. I dont care, he declared and turned away. He was about to continue walking when he stopped and looked at her again. You know what hurts the most? You lied to me. You said he wasnt a threat and a week later, you proved that he was. Whether anything happened or if hes from this world or not, you still lied to me. Thats the part I cant forgive you for.
But I didnt know I was lying, she argued. I hated him. I wanted nothing to do with him. He drove me crazy. You cant hold that against me.
So whats your excuse for what happened? Do you still hate him? Because all I hear is you defending him. You didnt seem to want nothing to do with him when you came downstairs holding his hand.
He was just comforting me.
Bullshit. Comforting you is a pat on the back, not grinning and holding your hand. He shook his head, disgust twisting his features. Goodbye, Ronnie. I cant do this anymore. I cant be around you.
Ronnie stood frozen to the sidewalk as he strode away from her.  When he got to his car, he didnt look back as he climbed in behind the wheel and peeled out of the parking lot moments later. Tears spilled down her cheeks as she realized it was completely over with Shawn. He would never give her another chance. She swore and walked over to her car, letting the tears fall freely. Since she had her car here, it wasnt like she had to worry about anyone seeing her fall apart.
She got home before her mom and stumbled up to her room, where she locked the door and fell across her bed. She curled up in a ball with her pillow pressed against her chest, the ache inside so great she could barely breathe. When her phone rang, she ignored it. She didnt want to talk to anyone. A few minutes later her phone chimed with a new text message and she reached for it. Maybe it was Shawn saying he was wrong. Instead it was from Gavin.
Im sorry. 
Fresh tears welled in her eyes as she read the message a second time. Hed been there. Hed seen what happened with Shawn. And he was telling her he felt sorry for her.
I want you here, she whispered, not sure if Gavin was in the room with her. She remembered Ricks parting words about knowing everything that happened and wondered what he would do if Gavin suddenly showed up in her bedroom. Could he really know? Would he banish Gavin to a different planet so that they would be kept apart even once she returned to Kalearnia? Her phone chimed again and she wiped her eyes as she read Gavins message. Soon. She nodded and said okay, wiping her eyes again. She slid off her bed and crossed the room to the door.
I miss you, she whispered and left her room, leaving her phone on her bed. She walked down the stairs and out the front door. She couldnt sit at home. Even if Gavin was there in the In Between, he couldnt comfort her the way she needed. She started down the street and decided to go to Andis house to see if she could find comfort there.
A block from Andis house, her tattoo began to tingle. Someone or something was following her. She stopped walking and held her breath. Very quietly, like a whisper on the wind, a low hissing growl came to her ears. Ronnies heart pounded as she slowly turned around. She didnt see anything, but the sound persisted. She closed her eyes and pushed back the panic that started to cloud her mind. She needed to concentrate. The sound came from her left. She opened her eyes and looked in that direction. Nothing. Panic and adrenaline flooded her body as the hiss became a full growl and she knew the shadow hound was attacking. Strong hands grabbed her and she was suddenly in the In Between. 
Gavin, she gasped as she clung to him. He wryly smiled as he stepped away and reached into his cargo pocket. The growling hiss sounded behind them and Ronnie stared at Gavin as he handed her a smooth steel cylinder that pulsed with light. She knew the sword; it was the one from her dream.
Its name is Lamina Lucis. I cant stay, Princess, but you know what to do, he told her and disappeared into the shadows around them. 
Ronnie only had a moment to feel abandoned before the shadow hound lunged at her again. Ronnie yelped as she scrambled out of its path but its black claws ripped into her shoulder. She cried out and went down on one knee, sparing a glance at the damage. Three ragged claw marks ran the length of her right shoulder, but the strangest thing was happening. It looked like the wound was healing itself, the skin knitting back together. 
She barely had a chance to marvel at it before the hound attacked again. She held the cylinder in a two-handed grip in front of her and said its name. The sword instantly came to life, the blade shooting up out of the cylinder, and she managed to plunge the blade into the hounds chest. The beast howled and groaned as it dissipated back into the shadows. Elation flooded her the same time as pain shot from her shoulder down her arm. She moved the shredded sleeve of her t-shirt and watched the wound finish healing. She ran her fingertips over the tender pink skin and was amazed that it wasnt bleeding anymore. She lifted her arm and her shoulder didnt even hurt. 
Wow, she whispered and yelped as strong hands grabbed her and dragged her out of the In Between. She blinked in the sudden sunlight and realized she had dropped her sword when she was grabbed.
What the hell are you doing? Rick growled at her. Ronnie looked up with wide eyes. How had he known where to find her? 
Whatwhat do you mean? she stammered. He glared at her.
I mean, what the hell were you doing in the In Between? How did you get in there?
I was attacked by another shadow hound and it took me in there when it lunged at me, she told him, her glare meeting his. She wasnt about to say anything about Gavins involvement and was relieved she dropped her sword. She couldnt explain having that without getting Gavin in trouble. Rick seemed placated by her lie and his expression softened as he nodded.
Are you okay? he asked. She nodded.
It got my shoulder but Im okay, she replied. She jerked away when he reached out to check the damage. You dont need to touch me. I said Im fine.
He paused, his hand still raised towards her. Their eyes met. Finally, he lowered his hand and nodded. Can I walk you home?
She shook her head. No. Im fine.
She turned on her heel and walked the block back to her house, comfort from Andi forgotten. Relief filled her when Rick didnt try to walk with her and she reached her house alone. She walked inside and found her mom flipping through the mail at the kitchen counter.
Where were you? the woman asked, her tone biting. Ronnie didnt flinch from it like she used to, instead steadily meeting her moms cold gaze.
I was out. Now Im home. I have homework to do, she replied and headed upstairs to her room.
Chapter Twenty Seven

Ronnie woke with a start, immediately wondering what had woken her. A noise, she realized. She glanced at the clock on the table and saw it was just after 2AM. She laid still and listened for the noise again. Her body flooded with warm, tingling awareness as she heard the soft rustle of fabric, making her smile.
I know youre there, she whispered.
I didnt want to scare you, Gavin whispered back. He sat on the edge of her bed as Ronnie sat up and scooted over to make room for him. When she knew where he was, she leaned forward and wrapped her arms around his waist, her head pressed against his chest.
You could never scare me, she told him as his arms came around her. Ronnie sighed as all the tension left her body and she finally felt the comfort she sought all day.
Youve had one hell of a day, Princess, he commented. She nodded.
And Im proud of you, he added and she lifted her head. She could see his face well enough to know he was smiling at her, the kind of smile that made her heart flutter, and she blushed as she nestled against him again. This was what she needed. She closed her eyes and settled against him. Sleep began to take her again when she remembered her shoulder. She sat up so quickly she nearly knocked Gavin off the bed and reached back to turn on the lamp. Its soft glow made both of them blink as their eyes adjusted.
I have to tell you what else happened to me today, she declared grinning and showed him her right shoulder. He looked at the smooth skin and shook his head.
I dont get it, he admitted.
The shadow hounds claws raked my shoulder when it attacked me after you left, she told him. And I healed myself.
You healed yourself? he repeated slowly. She nodded and reached back to retrieve the paring knife she left by her phone on the table. Still grinning, she turned back to Gavin, the knife poised to slice her left palm.
What the hell are you doing? he exclaimed as he reached for the knife. Ronnie shook her head as she jerked her hands out of his reach.
Its okay, she insisted and sliced open her palm. The pain only lasted a moment and then they both watched as blood pooled in her hand and the wound knit itself back together. Once it was healed, she reached for a tissue and wiped away the blood. She set the knife back on the table and grinned at Gavin, so giddy she could barely sit still.
Isnt it cool? she asked beaming. He shook his head, an odd expression on his face, like he was seeing her for the first time. He reached up to cup her face with one hand and she stilled, her heart fluttering in her chest.
You are amazing, he whispered. Her breath caught in her throat. He leaned toward her and she willed herself not to run away again. She wanted this; she had wanted it the first time it almost happened. His lips were almost to hers when a knock sounded softly on her door.
Veronica, is everything okay? her mom asked as she started to open the door. I thought I heard voices.
Gavin disappeared over the far side of the bed as the door opened all the way. Ronnie shot her mom a smile, praying she didnt look as out of it as she felt. Yeah, Mom, Im fine. I was on the phone with Andi. Im sorry if I woke you, she replied. Her mom frowned as her eyes darted around the room. Ronnies heart pounded as she silently willed her mom to go back to bed. Apparently finding nothing amiss, her mom sighed and started out of the room.
Okay, well, get back to bed. You have school in the morning, her mom said and left the room.
Okay, Mom, good night, Ronnie said as the door closed. She reached back and turned off the light as she listened to her mom retreat down the stairs. She shifted around as Gavin sat behind her on the bed.
I should go, he whispered into the darkness. She shook her head.
Not yet, you just got here, she argued. She reached out to touch him and his hand grasped hers.
I know, but that was close. 
She knew he meant more than just her mom finding him in her room. He was talking about the fact that they almost kissed again. She wondered if it would ever happen and then shooed the thought away. Shawn had just told her he would never take her back. She shouldnt be trying to kiss someone else; she should be mending her broken heart. She sighed as Gavin pulled her into his arms. He stroked her tangled hair and she sighed again, this time content. He only held her a minute before straightening up and reaching into his cargo pocket.
You dropped this earlier, he told her and put a cool metal cylinder in her hand. She smiled at having her sword returned to her.
Thank you, she replied and remembered his communicator. You forgot something, too, she said as she reached over the edge of the bed next to the nightstand. She grabbed her purse from the floor and sat up again. He watched curiously as she pulled out the device and handed it to him.
I already dodged a call from the queen and took the one you know about from your sister, she told him as he took the communicator.
You should keep it. It gives us a way to keep in touch,
She shook her head. I dont know what to do with it. You can teach me when I go back to Kalearnia for my training.
Youre coming back? 
She grinned at the excitement in his voice and almost yelped when he pulled her into his arms again. She giggled against his chest.
I take it youre happy about that, she teased.
Of course I am. I hate not being here for you.
She leaned back to look at him as he tucked a piece of hair behind her ear. You know, youre definitely not the jerk I first thought you were.
I told you I could make you like me.
I think I did even when you told me that. She sighed and moved out of his embrace. They had to stop all this lovey-dovey crap before something happened that probably shouldnt. Besides, she knew Rick would take advantage of the attraction between them, especially now that he had made up that stupid no fraternization rule.
That wasnt really a rule, was it? she asked Gavin. He shook his head. She smiled; even though he said he couldnt read minds, it seemed like sometimes he could read hers.
No, he made that up when he saw us, Gavin replied. And it sucks because a lot of Spiral Defenders marry each other and start families together. Its going to make a lot of people mad.
And theyre not going to like us much once they find out its our fault the rule went into effect.
I can deal with that. Im just worried about you.
Ronnie squared her shoulders. Im a lot stronger than I used to be. I think I can handle it. And if I cant, Ill have you there to help me out.
Im always here for you.
I know. Another awkward silence hung between them. Gavin sighed.
I have to ask this, he began. Are you doing this because of what happened earlier with Shawn?
No. As much as he hurt me when he said those things, this isnt because of him. It really isnt even because of you, even though I know thats what Shawn will think when he finds out. Im doing this because I have to. How else am I going to find out why the wraiths are after me, find out what Rick is up to and find a way to stop him? I also want to know what you cant tell me about why the queen sent you to retrieve me. A smile pulled at her lips as he shifted uncomfortably next to her. Dont worry about it. Ill know soon enough, she added.
I just dont know what youre going to do when you hear it.
Hey, what did I just say about being a stronger person? Ill be fine; Ill deal with whatever it is.
I hope so. The bed moved as he stood up. But I do have to leave. I dont know how long Rick will be too occupied to keep an eye on me.
Ronnie reached out and grabbed his hand. She wasnt ready to let him go. Now that they couldnt be together, the time they did have seemed too short. He squeezed her hand.
You gotta let me go, Princess.
Only for a little while.
She let his hand go and knew the moment he was gone. She settled back against her pillows but wasnt sure how much more sleep she would get. It was already two-thirty; her alarm would go off at six. With a sigh, she closed her eyes and relaxed as the dream of Kalearnia that she had been woken from came back to her mind. She and Gavin walked into the castle in her dream as she drifted off to sleep.
Chapter Twenty Eight

Ronnie woke Friday morning feeling oddly refreshed. She expected to feel tired after being up in the middle of the night with Gavin and wondered if he did some kind of sleeping spell. Then she wondered if he even knew how to do spells. And then she wondered what he did know how to do. Totally confused, she slid out of bed and headed down the hall to take a shower.
An hour later, she was still thinking about Gavin when she said goodbye to her mom and headed out the dooronly to be stopped short when she found Rick waiting for her on the sidewalk. A smile crossed his lips as Ronnie squared her shoulders and continued to meet him.
I thought I would drive you to school today, he said. She shrugged one shoulder. She didnt care what he did as long as he didnt touch her or try to kidnap her. She followed him to a black compact car and climbed into the passenger seat, buckling in while he walked around to get in behind the wheel. Moments later, Rick headed towards Wind Lake High.
Whatever, she said in a bored voice. His smile faltered.
You dont like me much, do you?
She raised an eyebrow at him. What gave you that idea? And why should I like you anyway? Youve hardly done anything other than terrorize me and now youve taken away the one person whos made it bearable to have you around.
The same guy who annoyed you to no end a week ago.
You put that together, did you? She scowled and looked out the window. What do you want?
Ive come to ask for your decision about becoming a Spiral Defender. Queen Alina has asked that all chosen recruits give their answers this weekend.
Well, my answer is a resounding yes.
Yes for the boy who once annoyed you so much you might have hated him?
Yes for the people who need defending from wraiths and other monsters. She glared at him, wondering if he knew she considered him one of the monsters. He met her glare steadily and nodded.
Very well. Ill let you know when we depart.
How soon do you think that will be?
I imagine very soon. Youll want to pack a bag when you get home from school today. Ill tell the queen youre coming home.
She shook her head at his wording, thinking she was already home. What will I tell my mom and my friends?
Ill handle it when I come to pick you up. As for your friends, tell them whatever you like. That is, if you havent already.
She flushed, knowing he knew she had already told her friends the truth. Not that it did a whole lot of good. Shawn just thought she was making things up and still hated her, but at least Andi believed her. That would make leaving a little bit easier.
Enjoy your day, Princess, he said before she could escape. Ronnie stared at him, her mouth hanging open as anger sizzled in her veins at his obvious derision. Only one person was allowed to call her Princess and that certainly wasnt him! His chuckle drifted back to her as she climbed out of the car and she wished she had something to throw at him. She thought about the sword she had hidden in her messenger bag, but knew that was a bad idea. She never knew when something was going to attack her these days. With a sigh, she ground her teeth and started towards the front doors of the school.
What was Rick doing here? Andi asked as she fell into step next to Ronnie.
He wanted to know my decision about becoming a Spiral Defender, she admitted quietly.
What did you tell him? Andi stopped walking and Ronnie stopped with her.
I told him yes, she whispered and Andi hugged her. Tears sprang to Ronnies eyes as she realized how much she was going to miss this. The only people she would know in Kalearnia would be Gavin, Osirah and Dusana and she doubted any of them would want her around 24/7. She hugged Andi tight and then stepped back, not surprised to see tears shining in Andis eyes, too.
We cant say goodbye yet, not until its time for me to leave, Ronnie declared. Gavin said I probably have two weeks or so until that time, at least I did when he was bringing me back. So well just have to make the most of it.
Crying over your lost boyfriend, Shawn sneered as he passed them. Ronnie wiped her eyes as she glared at him.
The only boyfriend I lost is you, Shawn, and Im starting to think it was for the best, she called after him. She watched him head for the front doors, glanced at Andi, and then ran after Shawn. She had to try one more time.
She followed him through the doors and grabbed his arm as soon as they were both inside. Her heart leapt into her throat when he spun around, his blue eyes full of hurt and anger. Ronnie squared her shoulders and refused to back down, tightening her grip on his arm when he tried to pull away.
No, Shawn, you need to listen to me, she declared. His cold expression bordered on hatred.
Why? So I can hear more about how great, how out of this world your new boyfriend is? Save it, Ronnie; I told you yesterday that Im done. I cant do this. He turned to go, but she stepped in front of him, putting her free hand on his chest. His heart beat wildly beneath her palm.
Hes not even here anymore. The words came out harsher than she intended, but had the desired effect. Some of the hatred left his blue eyes. Tentatively, hopeful, Ronnie stepped back and released him.  She looked into his eyes. Their gazes held for a long moment. Her heart pounded hard against her ribs while she waited for him to say something. He raked a hand through his blond waves and shook his head.
Im sorry, Ronnie, I cant do this. He turned and hurried away.
She watched him disappear down the hall and then turned back to Andi. I was so stupid yesterday. I thought I could force him to talk to me, to listen to my explanation about Gavin, but all it did was make him angrier at me. Even now She looked down the hall, grief filling her heart. Tears pricked her eyes and she blinked them away, taking a deep breath to steady herself. She wouldnt get through today by crying.
You told him the truth?
Ronnie nodded. I tried. He wouldnt hear it and he twisted around everything I said, making it sound like I was professing undying love for Gavin. She rolled her eyes and a small smile lifted the corners of her lips as she remembered seeing Gavin last night. 
I know what that smile is about, Andi teased. You saw him.
I did. He showed up around two. Actually, I saw him twice. Yesterday after school, I was coming to your house and got stopped by a shadow hound. Gavin gave me a sword to kill it.
And you did?
Yep, and last night Gavin told me he was proud of me. And I found out something really cool. I cant show you because the teachers would freak out, but I can regenerate.
You can what? Andi wrinkled her nose at the foreign idea, her eyes full of confusion.
When I get hurt, my body heals itself. I got slashed yesterday and the skin knit itself back together. Its so awesome. Its like Im invincible now.
Dont get ahead of yourself; Im sure someone could cut off your head and it would kill you.
Yeah and then theyd get all my super powers.
The girls giggled as they headed inside the school. Ronnie felt really good despite seeing both Rick and Shawn this morning and hoped the rest of the day passed as happily.
Unfortunately, the day didnt get any better. In fact, it got worse for Ronnie. Shawn took every opportunity he could to ask where Gavin was and to ask about the guy she walked to school with. By the end of the day, she knew it was possible to hate him. If she hadnt made plans with Andi to go to the first football game of the year that night, she would have stayed home. She definitely wasnt going to support him.
The last bell rang and Ronnie raced to her locker. She wanted to get a little shopping in if she was going to carry her sword around with her. Thinking about the sword reminded her that she wanted to ask Gavin about its name, Lamina Lucis. Just thinking the name gave her a warm feeling and she wondered what it meant. She was about to leave her locker when Andi appeared.
What are you doing before the game? Andi asked as they headed for the nearest door.
Shopping. Ronnie grinned and grasped Andis hand. Say youll come with me.
Andi laughed. What kind of friend would I be if I said no?
They linked arms and talked and laughed as Andi drove the six blocks to The Shop Stop. They entered the store and were immediately greeted by Brenda, who was behind the counter ringing out a customer. Ronnie wandered over to a wall of long sleeved tops and waited to ask about what she was looking for.
We got some cute dresses in, girls, Brenda told them as she walked over after finishing up with her customer. I thought Id keep them aside so you can see if theres one you want for Homecoming.
Ronnies heart sank down to her toes. She had forgotten about Homecoming, which was now only a month away. Somehow she knew she wasnt going to be here for it. She exchanged a look with Andi, who sadly smiled, and then forced a smile as she told Brenda they would love to see the dresses.
Buy one anyway. Maybe there will be a royal feast youll need to wear something fancy to, Andi told Ronnie quietly as they followed Brenda to the back stockroom. Ronnie nodded; it never hurt to have an extra dress on hand.
It took two minutes for Ronnie to find the dress she would have worn to Homecoming. Her eyes fell on it almost instantly and she pulled it off the rack in her size. It was a strapless gown with a crossover bodice accented with beads and a long flowing skirt. The twilight blue color complemented her olive skin tone and black hair. Already, she was imaging ways to wear her hair, how dramatic she would make her makeup, and whether she would wear a wrap with it. She slipped it on and then twirled around in front of the 3-way mirror outside the dressing room, sighing as the silk and chiffon swirled around her legs. It was perfect. Her hopes were dashed when she realized she had no idea if it would even be appropriate to wear in Kalearnia. She frowned as she returned to her room to remove the gown. Her phone chimed with a new text message.
Whos that? Andi asked from the room next to hers as Ronnie pulled out her phone. She knew who it was without having to look at the screen and grinned when she saw the message from Gavin. Buy it. She giggled as she forwarded the message to Andi and heard her friends phone chime a moment later.
Seems like you made an impression. Now come take a look at this one on me, Andi stated. Still grinning, Ronnie opened her door. Andi wore a short red gown with a pleated skirt that fell to her knees. The halter neckline was flattering and worked well with Andis short hair, but Ronnie wasnt crazy about the color on her. The red was almost too bright for her skin tone. She shook her head.
You need something a little richer, she told Andi and headed back into the shop to find a different dress. Brenda saw her as she poked through the dresses and said the gown looked gorgeous on her. She grinned and blushed as she nodded and pulled out a couple different dresses for Andi to try on. She found an emerald green gown with a smoother skirt and sweetheart neckline and told Andi to try it on first. Ronnie grinned when Andi stepped out with the dress on.
Perfect, she declared and the girls hugged.
I just wish you were going to be here to go with me, Andi told Ronnie before they stepped apart. Ronnie nodded, tears prickling her eyes again. She had to stop all this crying; she didnt even know when she was leaving yet.
Maybe I can come back for a couple hours, Ronnie said hopefully. Andi smiled and nodded. They both hoped, but Ronnie didnt think it would be possible. She doubted Rick would let her come back to Earth for something as trivial as a high school dance.
They found accessories for their dresses, including matching silver heels with rhinestones across the toes, and left the shop an hour later as Brenda started putting the remaining dresses out on the floor. As they left the store and headed towards Ronnies house, she realized she hadnt bought the cargo pants she originally went there for. Laughing at herself, she climbed into Andis car and grinned the whole way home.
Chapter Twenty Nine

Ronnie enjoyed her time at the football game with Andi that night. Despite her falling out with Shawn, Ronnie cheered for him when he replaced the starting quarterback during the third quarter and threw a touchdown to end the game. It wasnt enough to win, but he went out and showed he was good enough to start. Ronnie was proud of him.
She went out for pizza with Andi and a bunch of others from school, enjoying a night of freedom despite her grounding. Her mom knew they always went out for pizza after the game and said it was okay tonight, even though she wasnt happy about Ronnies recent disregard for the rules. Because of this, Ronnie still had an eleven oclock curfew and had to say good night to everyone earlier than she wanted.
She got home and didnt know what to think when she found every light in the house blazing. Her stomach curled with dread as she walked into the house and found her mom furiously running around with various items of clothing in her hand. Her blonde hair was a mess and her mascara ran down her cheeks from crying.
Mom, whats wrong? Ronnie asked as her mom ran passed her. Her mom stopped, looked at Ronnie and burst into tears. Mom, what happened?
Its your grandmother, shes had a heart attack, her mom cried as Ronnie held her. Ronnie gasped, tears welling in her eyes. She hadnt seen her moms mom in almost a year, since last Thanksgiving, but the elderly woman was always smiling and walking with friends. She was the last person Ronnie would have expected to have a heart attack.
Oh my god. I can pack in five minutes, she told her mom. To her surprise, her mom shook her head.
No. Im sorry, Veronica, but I dont know when were coming home. Aunt Lauren didnt say how severe it was; I just dont know, her mom explained. Ronnie numbly nodded. If its more serious, well come back for you.
In other words, if her grandmother was about to die, they would come get her to say goodbye. Ronnie ground her teeth as she nodded again. It wasnt fair that she couldnt go with them.
Call me when you know something, she said bitterly and headed upstairs to her bedroom. She sat on her bed with the door open and listened to her parents run around the house, packing and crying as they got ready to go. Half an hour later, she heard the garage door go up and her dads minivan drive away. Once they were gone, Ronnie sent up a prayer for her grandmother to be well soon, changed into her pajamas and curled up in bed. As she drifted off to sleep, she hoped Gavin would surprise her with another middle of the night visit but somehow she knew that wasnt going to happen.
* * *
The jarring ring of her cell phone woke Ronnie up the next morning. Wondering who could be calling at the ungodly hour ofa glance at the clock told her it was a little after nineshe reached for the phone and answered it.
This better be good, she growled into the phone. Sleep evaded her last night. Even getting up and putting her sword under her pillow did little to keep away the nightmares and creepiness of a quiet house.
Good morning to you, too, Princess, Gavin greeted her. Come let me in.
Why dont you just come in?
Im trying to be more gentlemanly.
Thats not a good enough excuse. She closed her eyes as she settled back against her pillows, the phone still pressed to her ear.
Youre right, its not, Gavin agreed. Ronnie had about a second to realize he was in her room before he pulled the comforter back. She shrieked as she sat up and grabbed for the comforter, but he was too quick.
What the hell are you doing? Its cold, she whined as he chuckled.
So put some clothes on, he replied. Ronnie glared at him. She was wearing clothes. She had on pajama pants and a t-shirt. She continued to glare at him as she crossed her arms. He grinned at her. Relenting, unable to stay mad at him for long, she put her phone on the bedside table and scooted over so he had a place to sit down.
What are you doing here? she complained as he settled next to her on the bed.
Why cant you ever be happy to see me?
Her grumpiness lasted until she saw his smile and she couldnt stop herself from smiling back. He was in an exceptional mood for someone supposedly banished to his home planet. She realized what she was thinking and her smile became genuine as her eyes widened. It was nine oclock Saturday morning and he was herein her roomand he didnt look like he was worried about Rick finding them.
Oh my god, youre here, she exclaimed. He chuckled as she threw her arms around his neck. How is this possible?
Rick got called back to Kalearnia so I got a free day. I thought Id spend it with you.
She laughed as she sat back, thinking this was a perfect way to wake up. So, what do you want to do on your free day? she asked, her eyes twinkling.
There are so many ways I could answer that, he responded and she giggled. But I would like to see you in that dress again.
Anything you want today, its yours, she promised as she bounded from the bed to the closet. She grinned back at him as she pulled the dress out.
Thats a dangerous promise to make, he told her. She felt a blush creep all the way from her toes to her cheeks. Warm desire bubbled up within her as her eyes met his and she giggled again.
I know, she replied and left the room. She ran down to the bathroom and locked the door behind her, not that she thought Gavin would follow her. Leaning against the door, she grinned and giggled, wondering what she was thinking flirting with him like that. She knew exactly how dangerous that promise was to make, but she figured if it was his free day, she would take a free day as well and see what happened. Her hands trembled as she changed into the dress and she took several calming breaths before she returned to her bedroom. She entered as his communicator beeped and she only got a moment to see his appreciation before he answered the call. She waited and crossed the room when Osirahs picture came up on the wall, settling next to Gavin as Osirah started talking.
Gavin, its horrible. Pterodonia is under attack and nobody knows why, Osirah announced as Ronnie sat down next to Gavin. Osirah blinked and shook her head as she took in Ronnies dress. You look gorgeous.
Ronnies cheeks pinked. Thank you. So, what happened? Wheres Pterodonia? she asked, turning towards Gavin.
Its the planet closest to Cira. Its inhabited by peaceful flying creatures, the kind that you would never expect to be under attack, Gavin explained, his face grim as he looked back at his sister. Whats happening? Is Queen Alina calling everyone back?
Osirah nodded. Immediately, or as soon as you can get here. Lord Ulrich is already here but he has to go back to round up the recruits. Hes getting a couple units together before he returns to Earth.
Ronnie reached for Gavins hand, offering the only comfort she knew to give. She didnt really understand what was going on, but it seemed to upset both brother and sister. She wished she understood. Gavin squeezed her hand as he told Osirah he would be home soon and ended the call. Ronnie wrapped her arms around him.
So much for having a free day, she commented sourly. Gavin relaxed, his hand skimming her bare back. Her breath caught in her throat as a shiver shot up her spine. Goosebumps broke out along her arms and legs.
Ill stay with you until Rick rounds you up to leave, he offered. She shook her head.
No, you cant do that, you have to go back. Youre needed there, she argued.
Im needed here more.
Tenderness flooded her body as she hugged him again. Thank you, she whispered and scooted off the bed. Guess I better put on something real.
She was about to step away from the bed when Gavin caught her hand. She looked down at him and smiled as his dark eyes traveled the length of her body, tingling warm awareness replacing the tenderness.
Definitely better in person, he declared. She blushed. You better not forget to pack that.
Will there be a reason for me to have it?
Ill make something up if I have to.
She giggled as he released her hand. After crossing the room to get jeans and a shirt from her dresser, she returned to the bathroom. She twirled around in her gown a couple times, Gavins gaze seared into her brain, and giggled again as she changed out of it into her normal clothes. She hung it on the back of the bathroom door and picked up her pajamas before returning to her room. The sound of Gavin talking to someone made her pause just outside her room. She peered into the room and Gavins eyes cut to her. He shook his head, an almost imperceptible shake, and she stopped inside the door frame. He didnt want the caller to see her. A moment later, she found out why.
Are you refusing a direct order from your queen? the woman in the picture on the wall asked imperiously and Gavin shook his head. Ronnie looked at the woman as he answered. This was the queen of Kalearnia. She had long black hair, large brown eyes and olive skin; Ronnie realized with a start that the queen looked like an older version of herself.
Of course not, Your Majesty. I just cant leave the girl unattended, Gavin told the queen. Ronnie leaned against the door frame, her eyes wide with shock as she stared at the woman on the wall. Why did the queen look like her? Or was it that she looked like the queen? Was this part of what Gavin couldnt tell her? Her stomach clenched as the queen spoke again.
Then bring her with you; that was your original mission, she reminded him and Gavin bowed his head. Though why Commander Goodyear interfered is something youll have to explain when you return.
Im sorry, Your Majesty. Veronica has only just agreed to come back to Kalearnia with me. She hasnt told her friends or family anything and to disappear without a trace would make everyone hysterical. She needs a couple days to set some lies in place.
The queen sighed, frowning with frustration. Very well. Return as soon as possible.
Gavin raised his head as the wall went blank. His expression was pained as he looked at Ronnie, as if he knew what she was going to say. Ronnie read the plea in his eyes as she crossed the room and sat next to him on the edge of the bed. She knew she shouldnt ask, but she had to. She needed to know why his queen looked so much like herself.
Please dont ask me. I cant tell you the answer, he whispered. Ronnies heart pounded as she took a deep breath, nervous about his answer. Hed told her when they first talked about Kalearnia that there were things he couldnt tell her. She knew this was one of them. But it was the one thing she needed to know.
I have to, she replied. She took another deep breath and spit out the words. Who is she, Gavin? Why does she look like me?
Shes my queen, he stated, the last word seeming to strangle him as he said it. Ronnie realized she had never seen him this way before. He looked completely terrified of answering her, as though he would be struck dead if he told her the truth. Anger ignited within her at the woman who could make him look this way.
Tell me who she really is, she demanded, anger giving strength to her voice. Gavin flinched. Why do we look alike? We could be sisters!
He shook his head. His mouthed opened as though he would tell her, but nothing more than a strangled sound came out. Ronnies eyes widened as she stared at him, astonishment and anger warring within her now. What did that woman do to him?
I cant, he whimpered. Please, dont ask me again.
She glared at him. You cant or you wont?
He closed his mouth and swallowed audibly, gathering his wits as he lifted his head to meet her gaze. I cant, he firmly repeated.
Did she forbid it? His queens audacity appalled her.
Yes, he ground out, the admission hard for him to say. Ronnies mind spun at the implications of his answer.
Why would she do that? she whispered, choking on the words as Gavin reached for her hand. She allowed him to take it within both of his.
Please, Princess, let it go. Everything will be explained when you come back to Kalearnia.
The word princess slammed into her and Ronnie jumped off the bed, her eyes wide as she gasped for air. It couldnt be true! Her head whipped back and forth between the blank wall where the queens picture had been and Gavin, his face twisted in agony. His broken expression told her everything she needed to know.
Show me again, she pleaded, leaning against the edge of the bed to support her wobbly legs. Silently, Gavin hit a button on his communicator and a picture of the queen appeared on the wall across from them. She stared at the woman, recognizing her eyes and nose from the girl she saw in the mirror every morning.
My god, she croaked and collapsed to the floor next to the bed. Gavin slid off the bed and wrapped his arms around her, pulling her into his lap as he cradled her against his chest. Ronnie couldnt decide whether to scream or cry. Her eyes refused to move from the woman smiling back at her from the wall.
Shes my mother, Ronnie whispered. Gavins arms tightened around her and she knew shed guessed right. Her eyes remained dry as she lifted her head and looked at Gavin. His tortured expression mirrored the thoughts and feelings whirling through her mind.
Why? she asked.
I dont know, he replied. I was just told to bring you home.
And she put some kind of spell on you to keep you from telling me the truth about who I am. You could tell me about the Spiral Defenders and even Kalearnia but you couldnt tell me the real reason I had to go back with you. What would you have done if Rick hadnt shown up and done what he has? How would you have gotten me to go back with you? Would you have kidnapped me?
She pushed him away, scrambling out of his embrace at the thought of him using force against her. His face hardened at the accusation. But then a new thought occurred to her, one more horrifying than the thought of being adopted.
Do my parents know?
No, of course not. At least I dont think they do. He shook his head.
I dont even know who I am. Tears filled her eyes now. Her tattoo tingled and she swallowed her tears. Im not a princess. Im a girla normal girl.
But you arent. He cut off her hysteria with his words, catching her hand once again. Youre more than normal. Youre extraordinary. You already know youre different because you can heal yourself. Come home with me and find out what else is special about you.
Ronnie shook her head as she pulled her hand out of his grasp. I dont know if I can. I need time to think about this.
A tear trickled down her cheek and Gavin reached up to wipe it away with his thumb. His hand cupped her cheek and Ronnie allowed herself the moment to give in to the comfort he offered. The comfort was short lived as her throat constricted and another tear slid down her cheek. She scrambled unsteadily to her feet.
Please go, she begged quietly. I cant do this. I cant be around you right now.
He opened his mouth as if to argue but then closed it. He nodded as he stood, shoving his hands into the front pockets of his cargo pants.
Please call me when youre ready to see me, he said and turned away. He spoke some words, took a step forward and then he was gone. Torn between calling him back to demand an explanation and feeling grateful hed listened, Ronnie threw herself across her bed and let the tears come. She could hardly believe less than an hour ago shed been happily showing off her new dress and shamelessly flirting with him. That girl from an hour ago was a lie. She didnt know who she was now.
Chapter Thirty

By the time Ronnies tears subsided, her eyes were red and puffy and her nose was full of snot. She hunted down a tissue and when that didnt help much, she wandered down to the bathroom for a quick shower. Thoughts about her new identity chased each other in her head while she stood under the hot water. The shock of finding out had worn off and now she just wanted answersanswers she knew Gavin couldnt give her. As the water ran cold, she realized that despite this turn of events, she now needed to go back to Kalearnia more than ever. She had to find out why shed been raised on Earth.
She returned to her room and dressed in a pair of jeans and a sweatshirt, cold despite the warmth outside. Once dressed, she left her room and headed downstairs to her dads study. There was one question that could be answered now and the papers she needed would hopefully be here.
Ronnie took a deep breath and crossed to the three-drawer filing cabinet in the corner. Her parents kept all their important papers in here. She tried the top drawer and was surprised to find it unlocked. Of course, her parents didnt know she knew about the possible adoption, so they had no reason to lock anything against her. 
Her breath whooshed out of her lungs as she spotted a folder with her name scrawled across the top of it. With trembling fingers, she pulled it out of the drawer and set it on her fathers desk. She turned on the desk lamp and opened the file. The room spun for a moment as she read the top of the first page. Certificate of Adoption blazed in bold black letters. She sank into her fathers leather chair and flipped through the first few pages, reading papers of release from her birth parents and consent for her adoption. The papers were all dated only three days after her birthday.
She stared at the names written on the lines for birth mother and birth father. Alina and Cenric Evenbright. These were the people who were supposed to raise her. Why did they give her up? Why had she been sent to the people who raised her for seventeen years? The questions swirled in her mind, compounding on her grief and shock.
Her hands shook as she shuffled the papers back into their folder. Unsteady legs carried her back to the filing cabinet so she could put the folder away, making sure not to leave any evidence of her discovery. She wished she could forget what shed learned today, but now that she knew the truth, she couldnt let it go. The word ADOPTED flashed across her eyes in big bold letters. She took a shaky breath and slumped down into her fathers chair. Without thinking about it, she picked up the phone and dialed Gavins number.
Ronnie? he asked, sounding concerned. Tears pricked her eyes at the sound of his voice and she blinked them away. Shed promised herself she wouldnt cry about this again until she got answers from the people who gave her up. She took a steadying breath before she spoke.
Can you come back? she asked in a small voice. The line went dead and a moment later, Gavin appeared in front of her. His sudden appearance replaced the last of her grief and confusion with momentary awe.
Will I be able to do that some day? she asked, staring up at him with wide eyes. He nodded, his lips turned down at the corners as he studied her.
You will be able to do whatever you want, he promised. He ran a hand through his hair as he shifted from one foot to the other, suddenly nervous. Listen, Im sorry about before.
She shook her head. Dont. I dont care. I understand why you couldnt say anything. I just want to forget about it until I can get the answers you cant give me. He nodded and she forced a smile. I want one more day of being normal, like we were before that horrible phone call. Besides, its still your free day. We shouldnt spend it being upset.
Are you sure? he asked. She nodded.
Of course Im sure. Thats about the only thing Im sure about right now. I need to feel normal for a few hours.
He still looked worried as she stood up and wrapped her arms around him, laying her head on his shoulder. She sighed as his arms encircled her. This was what she needed.
I do have one question you might be able to answer for me, she said as she lifted her head. He raised his eyebrows curiously. Is she always such a bitch?
A smile ghosted his lips. Only in situations like this, which dont happen very often. Usually, Queen Alina is the most loved monarch our world has seen.
I hope her disposition changes by the time I get there.
He sighed as he shook his head and Ronnie stepped out of his embrace. He leaned his hip against the corner of her dads desk and pinched the bridge of his nose. Ronnie wished she could do something for him. He suddenly looked a lot older than the sixteen she originally thought he was, which she knew wasnt the case since that was when he got his tattoo.
How old are you? she asked. He opened his eyes and stared at her, not quite comprehending the question.
What? he replied and she smiled.
I asked how old you are, she repeated.
Nineteen, though I feel three times my age right now, he sighed and rubbed his hands over his face.
She did the simple math in her head. You look pretty good for fifty-seven, she teased. He removed his hands to give her a wry smile. She bit her lower lip to keep from giggling.
Good to know you think so, he said wearily. I hope I look this good when I really am fifty-seven.
I dont think you have anything to worry about.
She kissed his cheek. He looked at her in surprise as she took a step towards the door and clasped his hand, entwining their fingers. Come on, you can help me pack so Im ready when Rick comes around, she told him. His surprise melted into a knee weakening grin.
Just as long as you dont forget that dress, he agreed as he followed her out of the room.
Chapter Thirty One

It didnt take long for Ronnie to pack a bag. She just put some much needed toiletries and a few changes of clothes into her school bag and considered herself packed. She made sure to remember the dress and everything that went with it. She couldnt leave it at home since Gavin asked so nicely for her to bring it. Besides, he promised to make up an event for her to wear it.
They were about to leave the house when the doorbell rang. Curious, Ronnie left his side to answer it. She peered out the window next to the door and squeaked when she saw Rick standing on her front porch. He saw her looking and nodded. Gavin came to her side as she opened the door. Rick frowned at seeing them together.
So much for listening to me, Lieutenant Clearwater, Rick commented.
These are desperate times, Gavin replied with a shrug.
I suppose youre right, Rick agreed. Just remember the rules once you both return home.
Ronnie rolled her eyes and bit her tongue to keep from saying whatever. My moms not here so we cant leave yet, she said instead. She wont be home until tomorrow, I think.
You dont know?
My grandmother is sick and they left in a hurry last night. I hope to hear from them later today.
When you do, tell your mother she needs to return immediately. Youve been accepted at a school for the specially gifted and she has to meet with the director immediately.
And naturally, youre the director.
He nodded. Of course. He turned his attention to Gavin. Arent you supposed to be at home?
Queen Alina asked that I escort Ronnie back to Kalearnia, he stated. Ronnie glanced at him. It hadnt exactly gone that way, but it placated Rick, who nodded thoughtfully.
Very well. He looked at Ronnie again. Notify me when your mother returns. We leave tomorrow night at eight.
Ronnie reached for Gavins hand as they watched Rick walk away. He got halfway down the block and suddenly disappeared into the In Between. Ronnie blinked and shook her head, disoriented by his sudden disappearance.
You really have to teach me how to do that, she told Gavin.
Its one of the first things on my list, he agreed and they grinned at each other. Ronnies phone rang, the tone loud enough to hear on the first floor, and she ran back up to her bedroom to answer it, hoping it was her mom with good news.
Mom, she answered the phone, hoping it didnt go to voice mail.
Yes, its me, her mom replied. Hearing her moms voice brought back the hurt from two hours ago and she had to squash it down to keep from freaking out. She forced herself to focus on her moms words. I have good news. Your grandmothers going to be fine. It was just a mild heart attack, nothing to really worry about. Your father and I are going to see her this afternoon and stay another night. Well be home tomorrow afternoon.
Okay, good, because I have someone you have to meet right away, she told her mom as relief flooded her for her grandmothers good health, replacing her anger about the adoption. She didnt know what she would do if her grandmother was sick enough to keep her parents out of town after tomorrow.
Veronica, this really isnt a good time, her mom began.
Mom, its really important. Her mind raced for a good lie. When I went to the poetry reading with Billy Winthrop right before school started, I met a guy. He introduced himself as the director at a school for specially gifted teens. Weve talked quite a bit since then and hes asked me to transfer to his school. Of course, he has to get your permission before I can and classes start Monday.
Why didnt you tell me about this before? Veronica, really, I should have known before now.
Im sorry, Mom. I really didnt think I would get in. He just called a little while ago to tell me Ive been accepted.
Her mom sighed and Ronnie knew she would get the okay. She smiled as her mom agreed and said again that they would be home tomorrow afternoon. Ronnie said goodbye and hung up. She turned to leave the room and found Gavin leaning against the door frame watching her, his hands shoved in the pockets of his cargo pants. Her breath caught in her throat as he smiled and she froze, using every ounce of willpower within her not to cross the room, grab him and kiss him. He chuckled as his eyes met hers and he pushed away from the door frame. Ronnies heart pounded as she wondered what he was going to do.
Come on, Princess, you can show me all the fun things to do in this town before we leave it, he told her. Her attraction turned to ice in her veins at that word, the reminder of the traumatic revelation from this morning. Gavin frowned and then realized what hed said, the gleam in his eyes turning to shame.
Im sorry, he whispered. Should I not call you that anymore?
Ronnie forcibly shook her head. She said she wanted to feel normal, to do normal things until they returned to Kalearnia and she could get the answers she needed. Gavin calling her Princess was normal. She took a deep breath and slowly let it out as she forced her body to move, crossing the room to him on unsteady legs.
No, she replied and his expression turned crestfallen. She quickly continued. I mean, yes. I want you to keep calling me Princess. I said I want to feel as normal as possible until we leave. You calling me anything else isnt normal.
He considered this a moment and then nodded. Ronnie took another step towards him and he pulled her into his arms. Im sorry I cant tell you more, he apologized. She shook her head.
Youre only following orders, she reminded him. You have nothing to apologize for. She stepped back and took his hand. Come on, Ill show you around town.
His eyes caught hers and they grinned at each other. Lead the way, Princess.
Leaving her car at home, they spent the rest of the morning wandering through town on foot. Ronnie pointed out places she used to go to as a child, her favorite stores, and places she had never been. As they walked down Long Lake Road towards Wind Lake, she realized how much she was going to miss living here. As much as she thought of Wind Lake as a small sporty town, it was still her home. She took Gavin to the Burger Joint for lunch, where they said hi to a few people from school while waiting for a table. Ronnie couldnt help feeling a little jealous of the girls who gave Gavin appreciative glances, but he seemed not to notice. A grin blossomed on her face as they were finally shown to a table.
What? he asked, seeing her expression. He held her chair and pushed it in once she was seated.
I think every woman in here just swooned when you did that, she commented as he sat down across from her. He flashed a grin that made her breath catch.
Did you? he asked, his dark eyes gleaming knowingly.
Not until you sat down and smiled like that, she admitted and he chuckled. And that was the first time youve held my chair for me.
Get used to itthe swooning and the manners. Were taught how to treat a lady where I come from.
He asked what was good as he opened his menu and then, not finding anything familiar, allowed Ronnie to order their drinks and hamburgers when the waitress came over a few minutes later. Even the waitress seemed flustered by Gavins good looks. Ronnie giggled as the girl hurried away from their table.
Are you giggling because she couldnt talk straight just now? he asked. She nodded.
So you do notice when girls notice you.
Of course I do, but theres only one girl Im interested in.
She blushed, but didnt look away from him. Her heart fluttered as he grinned at her.
You know, you keep looking at me like that and I might get the wrong idea, she teased. His grin became more intimate as he leaned towards her.
Thats exactly what I was hoping for, he told her and her entire body warmed up as she looked away. She should have known he would have an answer for her flirtation, but she hadnt expected him to look at her with such open appeal. The waitress brought their drinks to the table and Ronnie pulled hers close immediately. Gavin chuckled as she took a long drink.
Problems, Princess? he teased. She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear as she shook her head.
No problem. Is this what I have to look forward to for the next eleven and a half months?
His grin turned cocky, one she was very familiar with. At least youre looking forward to it, he said. She took another drink. If he treated her this way and kept looking at her like that, she would look forward to every day with him.
Their burgers came and Ronnie sat back and watched Gavin take a bite. He moaned with such pleasure that Ronnie was almost embarrassed.
Divine, he uttered and she giggled.
They dont have cows where you come from? she asked.
This is from a cow? He held up his burger.
She nodded. Yeah, obviously you dont eat many hamburgers.
He shook his head. There isnt much livestock to be had and what cows there are, we use for milk. Theres usually pheasant, rabbit and other small game animals for meat, but we also eat a lot of rice and vegetables.
Really? Ronnie wrinkled her nose, already wondering how many times she could sneak back here for a burger. Gavin laughed at her expression.
I promise you, Princess, its not that bad, though it definitely isnt as good as this.
Ronnies food went practically untouched while she watched Gavin savor his hamburger. She couldnt help wondering how many times he watched her as fascinated as she was by him now. The only time that came to mind was when she sliced her hand and healed it in front of him. She squirmed in her seat as she thought about that now, one of several intimate moments between them. She wondered what would happen between them once they were in Kalearnia, away from her life here.
Ronnie nibbled at her food while Gavin finished eating. Once they both finished, she paid the bill and they left. They went to see a movie and then she took him to Romeros for pizza. The sequence was so reminiscent of going out with Shawn a week ago that her heart hurt. Gavin seemed to sense this and paid extra attention to her, flirting a little more and keeping up with the intimate looks. By the time he walked her home, she was nervous, flustered, and blissfully happy all at the same time.
Are you going to invite me in? he asked when he walked her to the door. She had forgotten to turn on the porch light so they stood outside in the dark.
Will it stop you if I say no?
Yes.
His answer shocked her. She hadnt expected him to say that. She had expected some flirty line about how it hadnt stopped him before. She unlocked the door with trembling hands and opened the door.
In that case, I want you to stay with me, she told him, her voice a little breathless as she reached for his hand and pulled him inside with her.
Chapter Thirty Two

Ronnie woke up the next morning to the smell of bacon cooking. She lazily stretched and smiled as she remembered last night. Gavin had been so sweet to her. They made popcorn and watched another movie and then she got ready for bed. Once in her pajamas, she had just started brushing her hair when Gavin took the brush from her and did it for her. She loved the feeling. She hadnt had her hair brushed since she was a child, when her mom used to do it every night before bed. Once her hair shone, they curled up in her bed together and talked. He asked her every question possible about herself, from her childhood to her favorite color to the type of music she listened to when she needed to calm down. In return, she asked him about growing up in Kalearnia. The only subject neither of them brought up was her adoption. Ronnie knew she wouldnt get any answers until she was face-to-face with the queen. 
She glanced at the clock and was surprised to see it was only nine. Why was Gavin up so early? And where had the bacon come from? She didnt remember seeing any yesterday when she searched for something for breakfast. That meant Gavin had been up long enough to go to the store and cook breakfast. The thought propelled her out of bed and she shuffled downstairs to the kitchen.
She stopped just inside the room and smiled, thinking it must be a crime to look so good in her mothers apron. He stood at the stove flipping pancakes onto a plate, humming an unknown tune while he worked. Despite the apron, he looked so normal and was doing something so normal that it seemed out of place in her kitchen. She remembered him telling her about cooking duty when he was growing up and wondered what it would have been like to grow up in his house. He had been loved and felt it, that much she had seen when he brought her to Kalearnia on Monday. She must have made some noise because he turned away from the stove and grinned at her, the plate of steaming pancakes in his hand.
Come on, Princess, we have to go to church, he said as he set the plate in the middle of the table. He took off the apron, hung it on a hook in the corner and sat down while she watched. She could easily picture them doing this every day.
Arent you going to eat? he asked as he sat down, interrupting her musings of a future with him. She blushed and blinked several times, shaking her head as his words sunk in.
Church? she asked as she moved towards the table. He grinned at her.
Yeah, you know that place people go to worship various deities, he teased as she sat down across from him. Your mom called and left a message this morning. She said you have to go to church since you, uh, missed last week.
She smiled as he cleared his throat and his cheeks flushed, thankful she wasnt the only one still embarrassed about last Sunday morning. Despite the embarrassing episode last week that turned her world upside down, last night and now this morning had been perfect. Even the thought of her mom coming home to find them together again hadnt scared her enough to send Gavin home last night. It was her last night on Earth and there was only one other person she would rather have spent it withand she was saying goodbye to that person today. 
They ate in amicable silence and then Ronnie disappeared upstairs to change for church, thankful that the service didnt start until ten-thirty. She decided to wear the same light blue sundress, white cotton shrug and white sandals she wore out to dinner on her birthday. Once dressed, she sat at her vanity and ran a brush through her hair. She was debating what to do with it when Gavin came in. She smiled at him in the mirror as he stepped up behind her, his hands automatically going for her hair. His smile was uncertain and she nodded. Last night he had confessed he had wanted to get his hands on her hair since he first made that partial braid. She knew they had some time now so she handed him her brush. She thought about him doing this every dayand what her friends would say if they could see him now. She laughed out loud.
Whats so funny, Princess? he asked, an eyebrow arched as he ran the brush through her hair. She grinned at him in the mirror.
You could be like my gay best friend, braiding my hair every day, she teased giggling. He stopped brushing her hair and leaned down so their faces were next to each other in the mirror. The smoldering look he gave her made her freeze as warm awareness rushed through her.
I am anything but gay, he told her, his breath warm against her ear. She shivered as he straightened. She let out a breath and sat on her hands to keep from fanning herself. Damn, he was good. Eventually, she would learn to stop teasing him.
She settled back into the chair and let him do his work without further comment. She was afraid if anything else was said, theyd never make it to church. Not that they had kissed or anything yeteven last night had only been about cuddling and comfortbut there was a first time for everything. She shooed further thoughts out of her mind, afraid Gavin would know what she was thinking again and comment on it. The last thing she needed was to have a conversation like that.
When he finished, her hair was plaited in several braids that wound around her head. A little dressy for church, but she liked it. She swiped mascara on her eyes and pink gloss on her lips and was ready to go. She drove through town slowly, taking in all the sights one last time. Even though it was only the middle of September, some of the leaves on the trees were already changing colors, bringing out beautiful reds, oranges and yellows throughout town. By the time they got to church, Ronnie was sufficiently dazzled. She grinned at Gavin as they entered the vestibuleand stopped when she saw Shawn stationed as one of the greeters. She wasnt prepared to see him. Nervous butterflies fluttered in her stomach as she and Gavin approached him.
Ronnie, Andi spoke up behind her. Ronnie spun around.
Hi. I must have just missed you at home. Did Gavin just pick you up? Andi continued, her eyes darting towards Shawn. Ronnie nodded and tried to smile.
Yeah, he saw me on my way to church, she told Andi. Her tattoo tingled and Ronnie looked over her shoulder to find Shawn watching her. Her smile came naturally and her nervous butterflies were replaced with a hint of excitement when Shawn smiled back. She turned around, linked her arm with Andis, glanced at Gavin, and led the way into the church.
Youre beautiful, Shawn told her instead of whatever greeting he was supposed to say. Ronnies cheeks warmed as she grinned at him.
Thank you, she murmured and walked into the sanctuary. She sat between Andi and Gavin and couldnt help looking back at Shawn as he continued to greet other parishioners. 
That was promising, Andi commented. Ronnies smile faltered as she glanced at Gavin again. Andi saw the look they shared and concern crossed her face.
Did something happen? she asked. Ronnie shook her head, feeling a little weird because of how heavy her head was with all of her hair braided on top of it.
No, she told Andi. Its just that Im leaving today.
Andis eyes immediately welled with tears. No. You said you had time, she argued and Ronnie touched her arm.
I did, but something happened and everyones being called back. I have to go, too. Ronnie blinked as tears filled her eyes. Im sorry. I just found out yesterday.
And you didnt call me? Andi shrieked. You should have called. We should have spent the day togetherthe night together. Why are you telling me this now?
Ronnie reached out for her and watched helplessly as Andi stood up from the pew and ran out of the church. She watched Andi go and cringed from the look Shawn shot her before he ran after their friend. Ronnie hoped Shawn would be able to comfort Andi as she turned around again, ignoring the looks of the people sitting near her. Gavin wrapped an arm around her shoulders as a tear slid down her cheek.
That didnt go the way I wanted it to, she murmured brokenly.
It never does, he replied solemnly and held her close as she silently cried.
Pastor Pat spoke about serenity and finding peace and courage in whatever faith you followed. Ronnie listened to her words with a heavy heart, praying for those things as Pastor Pat led them in the Serenity Prayer to end the service. God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change;courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference. She thought about Shawn and how things had fallen apart with him. Despite his unexpected greeting, had enough time passed to change how he really felt? Did it matter since she was leaving for another planet in a matter of hours? And once Andi calmed down, would she accept that this was what Ronnie had to do?
A tug on her arm brought her out of her musings. Ronnie looked up at Gavin. He held out a hand for her, his face a mask of concern. She blinked away fresh tears at his kindness as she took his hand and stood up. They followed the crowd out of the church into the bright sun of midday. She walked through the crowd as people around them greeted each other, hugged, and made plans for lunch and the afternoon. Ronnie knew her parents would be doing the same if they had gone to church today. Gavin bumped her shoulder and she looked up at him.
Everythings going to be okay, he promised. Her smile trembled as she nodded and leaned against him.
Well have Rick meet with your parents, have dinner and then say goodbye to Andi before we leave, he added. Ronnie nodded again.
You always know how to take care of me, she whispered.
Get used to it. This is just the beginning.
They had just started down the road to her home when Ronnies phone rang. A grin split her face when she saw it was Andi calling.
Im sorry about church, Andi apologized the minute Ronnie put the phone to her ear.
Its okay. You were right; I should have called you when I found out. I just wasnt ready to accept it yet, Ronnie replied.
I know. I dont think I am either.
Well, do you want to come over? We still have a few hours today.
No, I cant right now. Shawn already said hes going to hang out with me today to make sure Im okay. Maybe later.
A lump formed in her throat as Ronnie tried to say she was glad Shawn was there for Andi. The words wouldnt come out. Not long ago, she wished Shawn could be there for her whenever she needed a shoulder. Now he was offering that service to Andi. It didnt seem fair. She swallowed down anger as she realized it probably didnt seem fair to them that she was leaving to go to another planet with a guy neither of them knew that well. She shook her head and wiped her eyes, trying not to sniffle into the phone.
Yeah, maybe later. Ill stop by and say goodbye before I leave, Ronnie promised.
Okay. Ill see you then.
They said goodbye and Ronnie dropped her phone back into her purse. She swiped at her eyes again, not caring that her mascara wasnt waterproof; she had ruined it when she cried against Gavin before the service. Taking a deep breath, she told herself to suck it up. Even though it seemed like her friends were moving on without her, she knew it was for the best. They would need each other once she was gone.
Chapter Thirty Three

Ronnie and Gavin found her parents minivan in the driveway when they arrived at her house. Ronnie opened the door and paused when she saw her mom and dad sitting with Rick. Seeing them reminded her of the word adoption across the top of the papers she found yesterday morning and anger ignited within her. What right did they have to go on like nothing happened when her world had been turned upside down? She glanced at Gavin as they entered the room and he squeezed her hand, giving a small shake of his head. She clamped down on her anger. He was right; this wasnt the time or place for that conversation. They were here to discuss her leaving Earth. Talking about the adoption would have to wait until she came home againwhenever that would be.
Theres our star, Rick boomed when he saw her. Ronnies cheeks pinked as she crossed the room to sit by her mom on the couch.
I wouldnt say that, she argued weakly as her mom clasped her hand.
From the way Mr. Goodyear talks, you could be. He says youll fit right in at his school, her mom gushed, beaming at Ronnie. Ronnie wondered what Rick told her parents when her mom continued. Of course, the worst part is the distance. You forgot to mention the school is in Englandand you cant come home for at least the first year. He said you have to become fully immersed in your new surroundings before you return to your old life.
Ronnie couldnt believe the tears gleaming in her moms eyes. Was her mom crying because she would miss her? Ronnies chest tightened in the telltale sign of tears to come. She cleared her throat as she looked up at Rick.
You never mentioned that part, she told him.
It makes sense, Pumpkin. This way you wont be pining for your old life while youre trying to forge a new life there, her dad spoke up. Ronnie leaned back against the couch and closed her eyes. Of course Rick would use this reasoning. This way she had no reason to return to Earth before her training was complete. She glanced up at Gavin, who stood with his hands stuffed in his pockets just inside the room, leaning against the wall. She watched him stiffen just before Rick spoke again.
Please, Mr. Clearwater, dont be shy. Come join us, Rick said and turned back to Ronnies parents. Mr. Clearwater has been invaluable in convincing your daughter this is the right idea. Though I dont know if youve already met
Yes, we know what kind of convincing hes done, her mom replied tightly and Ronnies face heated. Were they really going to talk about that again? Ronnie looked up as her dad cleared his throat and he reached for her moms hand.
An incident happened last weekend that Veronicas mother and I are still dealing with, he told Rick and Ronnies eyes widened. He made it sound like her mom had caught her doing something with Gavin! Mortification rolled over her as Rick chuckled good-naturedly.
Yes, well, teenagers these days, he commented. I assure you Ill make sure nothing inappropriate happens while your daughter is in my care.
Ricks eyes met Ronnies and she saw the coldness there that her parents chose to ignore. Her stomach knotted as he stood up and Gavin stepped away from the wall. She knew Ricks words were meant as a threat, a promise to keep her away from Gavin once they were in Kalearnia. She hated it. Her anger momentarily gave way to smugness as she wondered if Rick knew who her mother was. The queen could overrule his stupid fraternization lawthat is, after she answered all of Ronnies questions. 
Since its settled, Ill have Mr. Clearwater pick up Veronica early this evening, Rick told her parents as he headed for the door and they stood up. The plane leaves at eight. And dont worry about packing. No more than an overnight bag is necessary. The school provides everything the students need.
Ronnie stood up and crossed the room to Gavin as he started to follow Rick to the door. Their eyes met and she reached out to touch him but he shook his head. Her hand fell lamely to her side.
Ill pick you up at six, he told her and walked out the door. She watched him go with mixed feelings, wanting to call him back but knowing it wasnt the right thing to do. Her moms arm came around her and Ronnie turned into the hug as the door shut quietly behind Rick and Gavin.
Im going to miss you so much, her mom cried. With bright eyes, Ronnie wrapped her arms around the woman. Even though her parents had a hard time showing it, she knew they loved her. She realized there was no way they could know about who they adopted her from, that their daughter was essentially a royal alien. She was grateful theyd accepted Ricks story about the made-up school without question.
Her moms tears subsided a few minutes later and she self consciously laughed as she stepped back from Ronnie. What do you want to do with the rest of the day? she asked as she wiped her eyes with a tissue.
Why dont you call Andi and Shawn and have them over for the afternoon, her dad suggested and Ronnie numbly shook her head.
They cant. I already spoke to Andi and shes busy until later tonight. Im only going to have time to say goodbye.
Well, then, we should pack your bag, her mom added.
Im already packed. Remember, he called me yesterday. Meeting with you was a formality and the final permission needed for me to go. I didnt think you would stop me from bettering my life. She turned towards the stairs. I think I need to be alone. She looked down at the dress she was wearing. And I have to change.
All right, honey. Your dad and I made reservations at The Lake House for dinner. Were leaving at four, her mom told her. Ronnie nodded as she headed upstairs. She wondered what the special occasion was since they just found out what time her plane was leaving.
She spent the afternoon lying on her bed staring at the ceiling. When that became unappealing, she took her hair out of the intricate braids Gavin had created and then wandered around her room, touching things she knew she wouldnt see for almost a year: the handprints she made in kindergarten, a multi-colored scarf Andi knit for her a few years ago in Home Economics class, the little brown teddy bear with a pink heart Shawn gave her last year for Valentines Day. Her life was in this room and she was leaving it all behind.
Finally, it was time to go to dinner. She slipped on her cardigan again, grabbed her bag, and headed downstairs. She got to the bottom of the stairs and stopped short when she found Gavin waiting for her. She fingered her hair as she stopped next to him.
I like it better down, he told her eyeing her hair. She smiled.
Thanks, she replied. What are you doing here?
Your mom called; she figured this would be easier when you leave. His explanation didnt help clear her boggled mind.
My mom called? she repeated. A smile pulled at his lips as he nodded.
Yeah. Come on, we dont want to be late, he replied and reached for her bag. He slung it over his shoulder and then took her hand. Curious now because Gavin seemed to be in on whatever her parents had planned, she followed him through her house and out to her parents waiting car.
Gavins eyes didnt leave her once they arrived at The Lake House and she started to feel nervous as they walked up to the hostess and her dad gave the woman his name. The hostess greeted them and led them through the restaurant towards the outside dining area. As they approached the doors, Ronnie looked through the large plate glass windows. Her eyes widened when she saw all of her friends already in the dining area. Melissa and Amy stood with a few others from the teen book club. There were a few people from her classes that she used to be close with. And of course, Andi and Shawn stood in the middle of it all. Ronnie watched them for a moment before they noticed she had arrived. Her breath caught in her throat as she watched the way Shawn looked at Andi and Andis glowing response to his attention. But then someone must have said her name because the moment passed and Andi turned and spotted her still in the main restaurant with Gavin next to her.
Come on, Princess, this is supposed to be a party, he told her and took her hand to lead her outside. She followed after him in a daze and had no more time to think about what she had seen as all of her friends mobbed her in a giant group hug. She laughed to mask sudden tears and told herself that Gavin was right; this was a party. She needed to be happy that so many people were going to miss her.
Ronnie spent the next three hours eating, laughing, and talking with her friends. She cherished every moment of it, but none more than when Shawn asked if he could talk to her. She disengaged herself from the three girls she was talking to and walked with Shawn to the end of the dining area. They leaned against the wooden railing and looked out at the sun setting over Wind Lake, casting everything in hues of red and orange.
Andi told me about Gavin, Shawn began. Ronnies stomach clenched as she wondered where this was going. He turned towards her and she automatically did the same, her heart pounding as she looked up into his eyes.
She told me some fantastic story about him being from another planet and how youre going to go to that planet to save the world and stop the bad guys, he continued and a smiled tugged at her lips. And I wouldnt have believed it if you hadnt already tried to tell me the same thing three days ago. He ran a hand through his hair, his face full of embarrassment. Im sorry for the way I treated you, Ronnie. I never should have acted like that.
Ronnie reached out and touched his arm. You had no way of knowing anything and it did look bad, she conceded. The look she had seen between him and Andi flashed in her mind and she forced herself to continue. Look, maybe what happened is for the best anyway. I mean, Im leaving and I dont know when Ill be back. It wouldnt be fair for me to ask you to wait for me.
But what if I want to wait for you? 
She saw the sincerity in his eyes at that moment and knew he truly felt that way as he leaned down and his lips met hers. Ronnie sighed but didnt kiss him back. This wasnt the beginning of something this time. This was the end. She stepped back and saw Gavin approaching them. It was time to go. She turned back to Shawn and wrapped her arms around his neck, holding him close just for a moment. She kissed his cheek and stepped away as Gavin stopped next to her.
Its time to go, he told her.
I know, I just have to find Andi, she replied and turned to survey the crowd. Her heart picked up speed when she didnt see her best friend anywhere and she worried she wouldnt get to say goodbye. Movement near the bathrooms caught her eye and she let out a breath as Andi noticed her attention. One look at Andis face told Ronnie her best friend knew it was time to leave. Tears were already streaming down Andis face as she rushed through the crowd and grabbed Ronnie in a tight, choking hug. Tears flooded her own eyes as Ronnie held Andi just as tightly.
I cant even say Ill write or call you, Ronnie whispered. I dont know what to do.
Andi straightened and took Ronnie by the shoulders, meeting her teary gaze. Go do what youre meant to do. This isnt goodbye. Friends like us never have to say goodbye. This is see you later. Its not like youll never come back, even if its a year from now. I love you, Ronnie, and I know youre going to do great things.
Ronnie couldnt say anything as emotion overwhelmed her and she pulled Andi in for another hug. She never wanted to let go. This would be the first time they had done anything apart since meeting in kindergarten. She squeezed her eyes shut and cherished the feel of her best friends love and comfort wrapping around her.
I love you, too, she whispered and stepped away. She wiped her hands across her eyes and found Gavin standing nearby. Andi forced a watery smile as she reached out and gave Ronnie a little push in his direction.
Go. Youre going to be fine, Andi declared. I already know youre going to be well taken care of.
Ronnie offered one last tear-filled smile and then turned away from Andi. Gavin stepped forward and she took his hand as they walked towards the main restaurant. At the doors, she turned back and looked one last time at the people she was leaving, wondering how many of them she would see again. Gavin tugged on her arm and she turned away from all her friends. It was time to go.
They left the restaurant and Ronnie wondered where they were going when Gavin took her down a darkened alley nearby. She realized the dark didnt really scare her anymore as Gavin stopped walking halfway down the alley.
What are we doing? she asked.
Do you have your sword? he replied instead of answering her question. She nodded as she patted her purse. She had upgraded to a bigger purse because of everything she needed to carry now.
Get it out, he instructed and she did as she was told. He took her hand and said some unfamiliar words that created the swirling black portal to the In Between. She looked at him again and frowned when she didnt see her messenger bag on his shoulder. She was sure she left it in the car.
What about my bag? she asked as they started towards the portal.
Its already there.
Oh, okay.
Come on, Princess, its time to go home, he told her with his signature grin. Ronnie smiled as she walked towards the In Between, towards an unknown future that would make her the person she had wished she could be.
Keep reading for look at Gavin before he met Ronnie in Defending the Spiral, a short story chronicling when Gavin was given his assignment on Earth.
Defending the Spiral

Gavin Clearwater looked at the fifteen individuals in his Advanced Weapons training class. He glanced up at the sun shining brightly in the sky, pushing black hair out of his eyes. It was hard to believe it rained for three days straight, but now there wasnt a cloud in the sky. Sighing, he returned his attention to the trainees, thinking thats the way it always was on Cira, the central planet of the Spiral. He preferred planets in the third or fourth circles, where weather was more predictableeven though life was more dangerous.
The steel blades of swords and knives flashed in the late afternoon light, the wooden sounds of staves clashing echoed across the training field. Training the class was still relatively new to Gavin, as was his position as Lieutenant of the Spiral Defenders, a band of warriors who traveled through time and space protecting the planets of the Spiral. His godmother, Queen Alina of his homeland Kalearnia, promoted him a month ago on his nineteenth birthday, saying he deserved it after several daring rescues around the Spiral. Gavin didnt mind the risk involved in protecting the inhabitants of the collected planets or his elevated statusthough his new position garnered much teasing from his trainees, most of whom had been his peers before the promotion.
The sound of his communicator going off brought Gavin out of his reverie. He called the trainees to order as he reached for the device, pulling it from the cargo pocket on his black pants, and answering the call. Mild dread warred with curiosity as his godmothers face appeared on the screen.
Gavin, have you ended class? she asked. A few snickers sounded from the crowd in front of him. Gavin grimaced but otherwise ignored them. While most of his peers wholeheartedly agreed that he deserved the promotion, there were some who thought more intimate reasons had been employed. Unfortunately, some of those small-minded people where in his class.
Were just finishing up, he told the queen.
Good. Meet me in the throne room immediately. A dire situation has come up, Alina told him. He nodded, noticing the worry in her brown eyes before the screen went black.
Hear that guys, a dire situation has come up, Mikhail Silversting jeered to a few of his buddies. Gavin glared at the Scorpios hybrid as he dismissed the rest of the class and collected their weapons, putting them in two large black trunks he would have to retrieve later.
Knock it off, Silversting, Gavin told the man, his steely tone unmistakable. Those closest to him heard the warning and looked back at Mikhail with disapproval. Mikhail just laughed, the sunlight reflecting off his hairless body as he shook his head, polearm still in his hands.
What are you going to do about it, Clearwater? Run and tell your girlfriend? Just remember she said throne room not bedroom, he sneered, his hands loosely holding his weapon in the ready position. Gavin whirled around, plucking a knife from the hands of a nearby trainee as he closed the distance between him and Silversting. The others silver scorpion-like tail rose behind him, poised to attack, as Gavin held the knife to his thick neck.
Put that thing down, Gavin spat at the man, disgusted as he glanced at the deadly tail. I could have you transferred out to Izotz for raising a weapon at me in an offensive manner. He pressed the tip of the blade into Silverstings meaty flesh. Thick, black blood oozed from the wound. Continue to harass me about a nonexistent relationship and Ill make sure the queen knows its more than just idle gossip going around about her. Do I make myself clear? 
Yes, sir, Silversting grumbled grudgingly. Still on his guard, Gavin lowered the knife. He ducked instinctively as Silversting suddenly swung the polearm at his head, reaching out to catch the wooden handle just below the curved metal blade at the end. He said a few short words, opening a portal behind the other man, and pushed him through into the inky grey In Between. Silverstings curses came through the portal as it closed a moment later. Gavin dusted himself off and retrieved the knife from where it landed near his feet before turning to the fourteen remaining trainees.
Anyone else? he asked them. They all shook their heads, their expressions ranging from shock and disbelief to disdain. Nobody dared ask where their classmate would end upthe In Between would spit him out when it was ready. 
All right then. Class dismissed, Gavin told them, dropped the knife in a trunk and strode away.
Gavin stood outside the throne room doors five minutes later, having run the five miles between it and the training facility. Osgard, the queens page, opened the large oak doors and announced his arrival.
The queen will see you now, Osgard told him formally, his blue wings fluttering at his back as he stepped to the side. Gavin nodded at the young faery and entered the room. His godmother sat on a gilded throne on top of a wooden dais in the middle of the room. Sunlight streamed through large windows behind her, filling the room with a warm yellow glow.
I apologize for my tardiness, Gavin said to the queen. I had another problem with Sergeant Silversting.
Alina sighed, bunching her small hands in the skirt of her deep red dress. Her long dark hair had been curled and pinned up, framing her heart-shaped face. What did you do with him this time? Alina asked, sounding weary. Gavins cheeks pinked.
I put him through a portal. He should show up in a couple days, he admitted, now ashamed for letting his anger get the best of him. Rumors had circled around the queen before, but this was one that needed to be squashed. Besides the fact that Alina was his godmother, she was also 87-years-old, though the anti-aging potion shed been given upon ascending to the throne had kept her looking much closer to his own age.
As long as hes not on Izotz again, we should be fine. Silversting needs to learn to control his mouth, Dirac, Gavins father, declared as he entered the room. Gavin turned at the sound of his dads voice and gave a small smile. Diracs brown wings fluttered at his back with amusement.
I thought about sending him there, he told the man. Diracs dark brown eyes lit up for a moment before he ran a hand over his near black hair and down the front of his brown tunic, shaking his head at his son, no doubt thinking the Sergeant deserved to end up on the ice planet again. Gavins smile grew.
As fun as this is, I have something more important to discuss, Alina told the men. Gavin returned his attention to her. Gavin, I need you to assemble a team and aid Commander Goodyear on Mystica.
Gavin grimaced. The last thing he really wanted to do was help Commander Goodyear in anything. He and the Commander had a tenuous relationship at best. Gavin assumed it was because the older man thought he was after his job. As if hed want to be Commanderhed much rather be captain of the Royal Guard like his father.
He cant handle it himself? Gavin sneered. Alina frowned at his tone.
You are my second best officer, Gavin. I need you to put aside your differences and do this for me. Your first obligation is to protect the Spiral. Once youve finished that, you can go back to hating the Commander. 
Gavin grimaced but nodded. He couldnt disobey a direct order, even if it was asked nicely. Very well, he sighed. Alina relaxed in her gilded throne, her brow still furrowed with worry. Dirac put a hand on Gavins shoulder.
Be careful, son, he told Gavin. Gavin nodded, knowing his father meant more than just his personal safety. He and Dirac had been suspicious of the Commanders true motivations concerning the Spiral for months now, but hadnt been able to bring up any solid evidence against him.
I know. I will, Gavin agreed. He nodded to the queen and then turned and left the room.
Gavin returned to the training facility to gather his troops. By the time he arrived, hed decided he needed his entire class, his best friend Kennet, his ex-girlfriend Azula, and about twenty others, more if he could find them. Mystica was a dangerous planet, full of griffins, chimeras, flying reptiles, and even a few exiled dragons. Add in the threat of the gremlins and goblins from Irradia and his crew could stand to lose a few people today. He recruited almost every Spiral Defender he passed, saying he was leaving in fifteen minutes for Mystica.
The walk to Kennets room was a short one. Gavin tried the door and frowned when he found it locked. A moment later, he found out why. A familiar laugh floated out to him through the wooden door. Azula. Gavin clenched his fists, trying to tell himself it didnt matterhe and Azula broke up six months ago. She was free to see whomever she chose. But did she have to choose his best friend? He pushed aside his anguish and banged his fist on the door, rattling it in its frame. Kennet swore, Azula told him not to worry and moments later, the door opened.
Guess I should have called first, Gavin commented dryly. Kennets green cheeks flushed. His emerald hair stuck out in every direction and his green doublet was crookedly buttoned.
Oh shit, Kennet swore again and ran his hands over the front of his doublet. Gavin glanced past his best friend to the blue Amazonian pixie still sprawled invitingly across Kennets bed. Azula smiled at him, her black eyes sparkling with interest. Gavin sighed and looked back at his friend.
We dont have time for this, Gavin stated. We leave for Mystica in fifteen minutes. He looked at Azula again, who pouted as she flipped her ruby red hair over one shoulder. You and me; its never happening again.
Gavin slammed the door in Kennets face and strode away, down the hall to the room he kept in the barracks for instances like this. His anger was gone by the time he reached his room, replaced by a familiar longing. Hed known Azula wasnt the one for him the moment hed entered into a relationship with her, but hed been hoping his heart was wrong. Out of his mothers four children, Gavin was most like her, always yearning for change, searching for something more. His mother grew up on the Earth island of Greece until she met his father on a reconnaissance mission to recruit more humans. His mother, whod always wanted to travel, followed Dirac back to the castle in Kalearnia without a second thought, happy to be wherever Dirac was. Gavin hoped to find a girl like that someday, to have the kind of relationship his parents had. So far, no one hed met had filled that special place in his heart.
Gavin pushed aside his feelings and concentrated on the task at hand. He went to the square mahogany armoire and pulled out a black, magically-reinforced jacket with the Spiral Defenders triple spiral insignia on the right breast. Once zipped into it, he filled the pockets with knives and flash grenades. He paused a moment when he grabbed the metal cylinder that was Vitae Lumina, the sword of life his father trained him to use on his sixteenth birthday. He only had to say its name and it came to life, a bright blade shooting up out of the handle. It was his most prized possession, an extension of his arm whenever he used it. He strapped on a leather weapons belt and slipped the sword into its place. Checking the time, Gavin left his room to go meet his troops in the dispatch room of the training facility.
More than fifty Spiral Defenders milled around waiting for his arrival. His eyes immediately found Kennet and Azula, both standing near the front of the crowd. He nodded at both and called the group to order.
Commander Goodyear has called for reinforcements to the planet Mystica immediately, Gavin announced, his eyes landing on those of humans, centaurs, elves, pixies, gnomes, and a host of hybrids as he continued to speak. This will be one of our more dangerous missions, and I will not hold it against you if some of the newer recruits would rather sit this one out. Irradians attacked the planet nearly twenty-four hours ago and now its up to us to bring what remains of Commander Goodyears forces home.
Cheers and raised fists concluded his speech and Gavin grinned proudly at all of them. On an adrenaline high, Gavin turned and said the words to open the shimmering portal to the In Between. The group of soldiers stormed into the inky darkness, on alert for shadow hounds or spiders. They arrived on Mystica moments later without any complications along the way.
A rocky warzone greeted them upon arrival. Dead griffins, centaurs, chimeras, and Irradians lay scattered about, dark blood coating the dry brown ground. Gavin swallowed back bile at the sight of the more gruesome deaths and turned his attention to finding the Commander. A loud roar sounded overhead just before a jet of orange flame shot into the ranks. His troops scattered, looking for protection against the dragons flame. Gavin dived behind a boulder and continued to scan the area he could see. His eyes landed on a group of goblins and gremlins surrounding someone in an outcropping of rocks about two hundred feet to his left. Golden hair glinted in the faint sunlight, and the black uniform of a Spiral Defender could just barely be seen. Dread settled in Gavins stomach and his heart raced as he recognized Commander Goodyear. Even as skilled as his commanding officer was, Gavin was unsure of whether he could take on twenty Irradians alone. Quickly searching the chaos around him for his troops, Gavins eyes locked with Kennets. He nodded his head towards the rocks, and Kennet nodded in return before Gavin ran to help the Commander.
Gavins eyes raked the battling creatures before him. Gremlins and goblins were everywhereand was that a Gargoyle? They were screwed if Gargoyles were involved. Those things were some of the hardest to kill because of their rock hard exterior. He grimaced as one swept its stone axe at a group of Defenders Gavin recognized as belonging to Commander Goodyears regiment.
Another gremlin charged at Gavin, and he dispatched this one with ease. He took out two more and a few goblins as well, all the while keeping his eyes on his Commander. He arrived just as the Commander swept his sword out toward the group, beheading several gremlins while the rest scrambled to get away, screeching horribly as they ran. Something menacing flashed in the Commanders eyes as they fell on Gavin, who skidded to a halt next to him. Before anything could be said, another gang of Irradians attacked, and the two were flung into fight mode. Gavin pulled his sword from his belt, yelling its name as he swung it at the approaching gremlins and goblins. The blade flashed to life, its bright light blinding the creatures. Gavin took advantage of their blindness to take out five before the rest fought back.
By the time Gavin and Commander Goodyear finished off the attackers, the battle had died down around them. Sweaty and covered in blood, Gavin searched the remaining crowd to see how many of his group had survived. He counted twenty-seven; hed lost almost half.
Get everyone out of here, Commander Goodyear told him. Gavin nodded and rounded everyone up. Kennet and Azula approached him as he said the words to open the portal home.
Make sure everyone gets home, Gavin told them.
What about you? Kennet asked.
I need another word with the Commander.
Azula looked as if she wanted to say something but kept it to herself. Gavin sighed and turned away to watch the remaining troops walk through the portal.
Once everyone was gone, Gavin turned to Commander Goodyear. The Commander stood a few feet away, looking older than his years. His black armor and golden hair were splattered with blood and brain matter. His teal eyes flashed dangerously as Gavin walked towards him, but Gavin ignored the warning.
You didnt need to worry about me, Lieutenant, Commander Goodyear snapped at him. I had the situation under control.
It looked to me like the Irradians had you under control. Any number of them could have attacked and killed you, Gavin snapped back. Unless of course, thats what you wanted to happen.
Lightning flashed in the Commanders eyes. Gavin narrowed his. Few creatures could do that trick, humans not being one of them. Curiosity got the better of him, and Gavin barely stopped himself from asking the Commander what kind of creature he was. That kind of mouth would get him demoted in a heartbeat. He was already stepping over bounds with his comments.
I suggest you watch your mouth and keep your eyes on your own troops next time, Lieutenant. What I do is none of your concern. The Commanders eyes raked Gavins torn, blood splattered armor. Make sure you clean up before seeing the queen, he sneered and stepped through a portal of his own making.
Gavin ground his teeth, fuming with unanswered questions. What really happened by those rocks before Gavin arrived? And if the Commander wasnt human, what kind of creature was he?  He needed to tell his father what happened. Resolved to find answers one way or another, Gavin walked back to his portal and stepped through it.
He stepped out of the In Between and raced down the hall towards the throne room, certain Dirac would still be there. Even though the Commander said not to worry about it, Gavin couldnt help but be suspicious of the goblins that had gotten away. Hed never known Ulrich Goodyear to allow a foe to escape.
Lieutenant, Queen Alina said not to be Osgards voice trailed off as Gavin stormed past him, shoving the heavy doors wide as he entered the room. He skidded to a halt when three pairs of eyes fell on him: Alina, Dirac and Commander Goodyear. Anger and dread welled within Gavins stomach. He was too late.
Lieutenant, I thought I told you to clean up before giving your report, the Commander told him, his upper lip curled in a sneer. Gavin looked at his dad in time to see the disappointment in his dark brown eyes before he looked away. Shame colored Gavins cheeks and he studied the muddied toes of his boots.
I apologize, my queen, for the intrusion, Gavin apologized and took a step back towards the doors.
Stay, Gavin, Alina told him. He froze in place, his foot poised to take another step back.
But Im filthy, he feebly argued.
Thats why we have servants who clean up after us, Alina pointed out. Obviously, you have news that couldnt wait another minute.
Gavins ears burned as he raised his head to look at the queen. I apologize, but I seek an audience with my fatherin private. His gaze flicked to the Commander before he looked at his dad. But it can wait if it must.
Alina sighed. Very well then. Commander, what did you have to say about our current star course?
The Commander stepped forward, a Cheshire cat-like grin on his face. Before I was so rudely interrupted by the young lieutenant, I was merely saying that if we continue on the course we have set now, we shall return to Earth in about three months time.
Alina gasped, and Gavins head snapped up towards her. Her hand covered her mouth, her brown eyes too wide for her face. Gavin glanced at his dad and saw a similar expression on the mans face. Before he could ask what was going on, the Commander continued.
The humans we acquired twenty years ago are growing old and are unable to procreate. We need younger blood, he pointed out.
But its too soon, Alina argued.
The timing is perfect, Ulrich replied, his expression hardened. 
Alina paled. Her eyes darted to Dirac, who nodded with understanding.
Commander, with all due respect, there has to be another way. Why not send a small fleet for recruitment purposes instead of keeping this course? Dirac suggested.
No. Our course is set; its too late to turn back, Ulrich declared.
You knew! Alina suddenly screamed. Gavin jumped at the sound of her voice and felt stricken by the twist of anger and despair on her face. He hated to see his godmother in such a state.
Alina, Gavin said, taking a step towards her. Her gaze flicked to him, and her eyes suddenly lit up, a slow smile crawling across her face as an idea formed.
Yes, thats it, she murmured. Thats the only way.
Alina blinked and shook her head, once again the regal queen upon her throne.
Commander Goodyear and Captain Clearwater, leave us, she instructed, her words vibrating with magic. Gavin glanced at his dad as he passed. The older man gave a slight nod indicating they would talk later. Gavin nodded in return and approached the queen as the two men left the room. 
Alina said some words to magically lock the doors and soundproof the windows, preventing anyone from seeing or hearing what was happening inside the room. Then she fished a black communicator out of the folds of her dress and pointed the device at the blank wall across from her.
I need you to find something and bring it back to me, Alina told Gavin. She pressed a button on the communicator and a picture appeared on the wall. Gavins breath caught in his throat as he stared at the young woman, her long mane of black hair flowing down her back and over slender shoulders. His heart skipped a beat as he gazed at her large, brown eyes. Feelings like he had never known before swept through him, rendering him breathless. Hed known lust and thought hed known love before, but neither emotion had been like this. This was intense. He knew without a doubt he would do whatever was needed to know this girl, to protect her and bring her back.
He tore his gaze away and blinked with recognition as he looked at the queen once again. She and the girl shared the same eyes, the same cheekbones, the same hair. The similarities screamed the truth at him. Tears shone in the queens eyes.
Bring her home, Alina whispered, her small hands fisted in the folds of her skirt. Gavin nodded, his face etched with solemn determination.
I will do everything I can, he promised.
That is all I can ask, Alina said and pressed the button to wipe the image from the wall. Without another word, Gavin strode from the room, knowing his life had been changed forever. 

I hope you enjoyed this look at Gavins life before coming to Earth. To continue Gavin and Ronnies story, read The Spiral Revealed (The Spiral Defenders Series: Book Two), coming March 2014.
If you enjoyed this book, please consider leaving a review wherever you purchased it as well as telling your friends about it. Reviews and word of mouth are two great ways to support your favorite authors.
THANK YOU!
Acknowledgments

Ive heard it said that it takes a village to write a book. It turns out thats a true statement. I have so many people to thank for helping me make this dream come true.
First, to Katherine Husson and Shari Sue (Lindgren) Rudolph, my first readers. Thank you for your unending support, your patience while answering all of my questions and the multiple brainstorming sessions when we should have been doing something else. Without you, this book would still just be a dream of a girl about to spontaneously combust. I miss you guys!
To my family  Lee, Kody, Riley, Joy, Sarah, Adam, my dad and all of my extended family. Your love and support means the world to me. Without all of you, this dream wouldnt be possible. And Dad, thank you for surrounding me with sci-fi and fantasy from a young age and encouraging me to go after my dreams; your influence is evident now that Im writing about aliens.
To the girls of True Magic Writes: Dawna Raver, Jessica Leschierre, and Sarah Peduzzi. Thank you for your combined wisdom, your friendship, and for helping me whip this book into shape. The beginning would still suck without you.
A huge thank you to Lynn Calvert at Otherworld Publications. Thank you for taking a chance on me.
In that same vein, thank you to Frank Hall and everyone at Hydra Publications. You have all been the best in guiding me through this process. Even though we are no longer working together, Im grateful for everything you have taught me.
A special thank you to Matt Silvestri, my first editor, for thinking of the things I dont think of and knowing about medieval weaponry. I will always be excited to get your emails.
To Beth Ann Masarik and Stacie Schott. You have become two of my closest friends. Thank you for your never ending support and encouragement. You always get me to write even when I feel like I have nothing left to say.
M.r. Polish, thank you for being a sweetheart and taking my novel through the wringer. Your knowledge and sweetness know no bounds. I still owe you cookies (or brownies, or just some form of chocolate)!
The ladies of Story 4 Story. Thank you for your unending support and guidance. You are my favorite group of gals and I feel so fortunate to be part of that!
To Lindsay, Candee, Regina, Besa, Judy, Nichole, Kitty, Nancy and others I know Im forgetting  thank you for not thinking I was crazy when I would talk about my characters like they are real people. Gavin and Ronnie give you their gratitude, too.
To all of the other writers and book bloggers I have met along the way. I could fill an entire book with all of you! Thank you for your support and responding when I reached out for help and friendship. I look forward to meeting all of you in person some day.
And finally, thank you, reader. Thank you for taking a chance and opening this book. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it and will join Ronnie and Gavin as their journey continues.
About the Author

Ever since she was small, Erins imagination has led her to tell stories and create worlds, including the world of Kalearnia (found in the Spiral Defenders series). Her school notebooks were doodled with pictures and writing notes in the margins beside class notes. No scrap of paper was safe from all of Erins notes and creations. But writing wouldnt pay the bills for a very long time.
Erin spent three summers giving away smiles as she handed out clothes to the working populace of an amusement park. It was the best three summers of her life (also where she met her husband). Since then, Erin has become a mediocre cookie decorator, learned to make a mean pizza in less than two minutes, and has sold dresses as well as window dressings. When she isnt exploring worlds of her own creation, you can find Erin with her nose stuck in the worlds of others, supporting Indie Authors everywhere, hanging out on Facebook, or spending time with her kids, husband, and their cat.

Erin loves to hear from her fans! Find her on these social media sites:

Erins website:
http://www.authorerindanzer.com

Facebook Fan Page:
http://www.facebook.com/AuthorErinDanzer

Twitter:
https://www.twitter.com/erindanzer

Email Erin at
erindanzer@gmail.com




