








Super Musicians Breakthrough do
By Marlynn Swanigan
Copyright 2013 Marlynn Swanigan
Smashwords Edition










God is most vigilant and thus no man can out-party God...








Warning: Consult with your doctor before reading if you have a history of epilepsy or seizures. Certain readers may experience environmental alteration, slight warping, and impulsive adrenalin rushes at various checkpoints. Keep your hands and feet inside the story at all times, blah blah blah, and, finally, all characters are professional actors; please do not attempt to do any of the stunts exhibited. Have fun, and thank you for choosing us. 

The resurrect people song:
Be sure to bring refreshments, because its gonna work, and when it does, whomever you raise may be in a lot of pain! - That's not a joke! Speak into their body to contact their spirit and sing these lyrics in your own voice,
Norm lyric wherever you are-hhhhhh
Charging lyric whoever you are-hhhhhh
Charger lyric come back to li-hhhhhh-fe
And thats super music; charger double clocks listeners...Makes em move in fast-mo! This super song raises the dead.

Bots, officers, and gawndi-points:
Currencies
Hollowbot= 1 bot
Marrownaut= 1,000 bots
Hollownaut= 100,000 bots
Moonnaut/Moon= 1,000,000 bots

Dead Gawnden (Death points)
Captain (1DP - 49 DP)
Duke/Doctor (50 DP - 89 DP)
Scold/Professor (90 DP - 99 DP)
Mega Villain/Demon (175 DP)
Living Gawnden (Life points)
Saint (1LP - 99 LP)
Super (100 LP  299 LP)
Hyper (300 LP - 999 LP)
Ultra Hero/God (1000 LP)
Whichever is beneath it, it can possess and it can summon, and that is the current standing ordinance of the bots.
If heaven were a video game, no system would be able to render its graphics...Were sharp; theyre blurry 2D...

Moons: 
When we are wealthy enough from scourging the monsters and unplugging enough of the enemy forces, we can recycle our Hollowbots, which can become any element, to build our own custom arenas. The greatest amongst us aim to, someday, purchase one of the many moons of Axe to customize our own rules, wars, and dwellers.

SECTION I
THE SUPER MULTIPLEX GAWNDEN
Bishop Martin approaches the podium of the quiet but packed chapel and speaks into the microphone. Any visitors we have with us today, if you wanna stand up and introduce yourselves, now; you're more than welcome to. That morning was a good new start for me. I hadn't been to church in five months. It was still as peaceful as I remembered. You could tell someone had been praying over it; it had that fog-like clean-holy fresh air. My church had the Holy Ghost. None of my friends knew I was a Mormon. They didn't know I was a holy-thief either. I was a quiet guy before, anyway. I wanted to keep it that way. I didn't know what to do, so, I just tried to go back to normal. I hopped up and stood on my seat. I levitate with a twist-somersault. I made a few grown men scream like little girls. The visitors didn't know me, but the members could see it coming. I was never very shy in church like in school. I was a rascal in church! My broad halo glittered when I was in motion, nuking the chapel with holy fire, melting the evil-arctic devils waiting for me outside the church, and turning them all into holy water. Some of the people had the pure heart organ, so, they could see the water on the entrance doors. Bishop Martin so calmly rose up and tapped the mic. Oh...his merciful... Don't be afraid, it's ok... Bishop Martin said, letting the visitors know I was about to speak with his eyes abruptly scanning his hymns. There was a toddler, Jacob, crying and crawling over his family to get away from me. I mean, Jacob got the holy nuke thing, but sometimes - I guess some kids just don't know how to react to smoking-blaze eyes and lucid-flame force fields. When I heard him, I started twitching, charged at him, and yelled, YUM...TINY MAN MAKE GOOD FOR LOW CHOLESTOROL! MMM- Jacob faced me, looked me in my blazing eyes and yelled, NO! his eyes tearing up, full of fear. I could tell the kid had the juice by the way he yelled. I aimed the palm of my hand at him as the church snickered. From inside Jacobs skin, an identical-toddler clone sprang out to his left, levitated next to him, and screamed louder than he did! The Hollowbot was twice as scared. HELP ME! the Hollowbot cried to Jacob, while Jacob was suddenly in full-body armor. He had on a little helmet and his little halo sparkled when he moved. The bot handed him a sword and said, HEWE, WUSE THIS! I acted like the sword was dreadful. OH NO  I HATE BLADES! I settled onto the floor of the chapel. BRING IT, KID! NO! NOT THE SWORD! Jacob laughed, stumbling over in the heavy suit, all the way to kick my butt! He swung the sword and connected! I melted, haunted the floor, and popped up behind him in a naval officer uniform, holding a giant medal of honor. He couldn't lift it! You been eatin' your veggies, corporal? He tries to lift it again in his little navy uniform. He falls one way and the medal rolls off the other way. Uhh...Corporal...? I salute Jacob, teleport back to where I was sitting, and introduce myself. I'm brother Swanigan, Ive been comin' here since I was twelve, but, recently Ive been skippin' church. Now Im back to get some o' this good ol' bread and wine! Jacob comes runnin' for me again, so, I lift him and hover him above me telekinetically. AAAA! Jacob screams, trying to swim to me for a scuffle. Jacob 's father went to go get the medal, shedding tears doing so. He was a struggling, hard working, man. His wife was unable to bear any more children and his son didn't have anyone to play with. He was always working. Ahhhh... I said. I erased the medal and summoned a new similar medal made of gold! I could give away my armor; it's endless... I always had a joke, man... Kill and eat... I summoned a fresh Hollownaut and it looked like I did at two years of age! I gave it to the man. Thank you- the man cried.
As the church chattered, hugged, and met, a little girl dressed up like a doll shoved me from behind. She was wearing her mom's make-up; it was so cute. I paused and grinned at her for a few seconds, and then I pledged, YOU'RE JUST AS BEAUTIFUL AS YOU WANNA BE! 
They're not worshipping me...
Uh-ha-yes they are, Sarah...
No they're not... she had, like, four angels, disguised as foreign uncles, carrying things around for her and heavily polished with make-up. Sarah was very fruitful; she had the starry eyes organ plus a pure heart! The starry eyes organ will make her guardian angels visible to her, and the pure heart will make them physically there! I cover my face and turn where they couldn't see me laugh. She walks around to finish talking to me. I'm not done talking...
Worship means to love and admire - they love you - don't you think?
Well why are they moving so slow?
Angels don't long for anything unless they're sinister. I think they're having an allergic reaction to the earth. They need more make-up. Make a giant bowl and fill it with water so they can swim around. A cold heart makes demons physically there. That's why you should never fear Satan. He doesn't deserve fear, which is the driving force of human nature. Just as he mocks you, you should mock him ten times harder...
The angels look at me like I had cursed them forever. Sarah smiled big, for a few seconds. HA-AWWW, I said. She was missing a tooth. Don't you wanna see that face?
NO... they chorus with honesty. Well excuse me; I had a medal for you guys too. That's too bad. 
Whoopee.... One of the angels said and went back to work. Bishop Martin! Like my new trick? I interrupt the bishop while he was talking to the visitors. Brother Swanigan, that was very sweet of you today, that young man can pay off his debts right now if he wanted. Hallelujah. 
Naa, it wasn't me. 
Really...?
Kid's got the juice... the Bishop laughs and turns back to the visitors. 
During Sunday school, I summoned a huge sky-box on the roof of the church. All the adults sat in it, watching a movie of me and the children downstairs via a huge screen. The army of knight-children raised their swords as high as they could and cheered for me as I slowly stepped in front of them to speak. I had flying cameras shooting us at different angles with heroic brasses for background music. We had gathered in the front, by the entrance doors. In the hallway behind us was a fancy metal bar-gate, tall enough to block out the enraged drooling wyverns and werewolves, roaring, growling, climbing, scratching, pulling, and gnawing on the bars furiously! The parents laughed, watching their children also roar for justice and gnawing on chewy candy! Aah! It's a scary sight. WHY SHOULD WE NOT HAVE PEACE...? I cried... the children cheered, the monsters started to move in fast-motion. Then the children double clock in their armor. It was bionic fast-motion; it wasn't real... Their parents grew weak with laughter toward the banging cinematic score and the ferocious kids. One kid finger-painted black lines underneath his eyes to put his game face on. He held up a mirror, set it down, grabbed a tissue, and wiped it off to start over. Aah! Valuable Sunday school time wasted with the likes of these...these vandals! The gates are getting weaker! I said. A little girl starts crying, so, I open a hole in the ceiling above her head and she floated up to her parents. DON'T GO TO EGYPT! I yell as the barricade broke and the war began! 
When church let out that afternoon, an archangel was waiting for me outside. He was wearing a suit and tie to blend in. Michael, what yo' quesadilla with cheese, Nosferatu, nacho supreme head-ass, super captain pickled pig'-feet-head lookin'-ass want? Any word from my wife and kid?" 
"Marlynn, please don't run these off; I know you're strong enough to take care of yourself, but everybody has angels, and that's how it is... Try to accept that you have to live a normal life like everyone else now."
"Ok-ok, but I didn't run anyone off - I was seeing if they were tough enough- No harm in that." 
"Alright, pilot, I read you." He could sense I was fibbing. He tries to make eye contact with me, but I pretend there's something on my sleeve and start scratching at it. "So, when do they get here?"
"I'm not telling you, liar! Look, Im out- this place reeks." 
"Tell my wife and kid I love 'em, man."
"Sure thing Write-A... Stay out of trouble." He walks away and leaves me. Then, he fades out of sight just as his wings spread and begin flapping rapidly.
 I was alone, sitting in my kitchen, waiting to prank them. I had heat sensors built into my glasses, courtesy of the dark Gawnden. I was sitting in a small artillery cockpit that was made like a swiveling chair so I could turn and fire. When I heard their voices, and as they began to slowly fade into plain sight, I pulled back a lever, silently so they wouldn't hear me or the huge water-balloon... "Aah, man, stop playin' so much (Ha-Ha-Ha)...That's why nobody like' you now!"
"I don't like you... (Crunch-crunch-crunch)"
"Man, I can't work with dude, man - gimme somebody else...Damn!" They argued. One of them was eating a bowl of cereal, wearing a black baseball cap. I couldn't believe my starry eyes. "GUYS!"
(crunch-smack)MM-OHHH SNAP!" A flying, stage-one, spy cherub - the Amolvian sentry, Liqrab - was with them; my hand slipped and I accidentally shot him down! AA!" screams Liqrab, with an angelic belly full of innocence. He flies onto the counter-top, locks on to me, and then begins switching his targeting onto Groove, then Demo - back to Groove, then Demo - then, me again. Then, he stops targeting and whimpers like a puppy. It was as if someone was controlling him like a video game, but they didn't know what to do... "Ha-Oh my God...Dude..." My glasses were still scanning. I slap them off my head and summon my originals. "MARLYNN!" yelled Demo. The guitar strings in his breastplate magically strummed themselves, producing soothing lights.
"HA-HA-YAYYY!" Liqrab giggles, applauds, and celebrates like it was medicinal to us, having no clue why... "DUDES, WE'RE BACK! I GOT A STUDIO SET UP UPSTAIRS.... LET'S ROCK!" If you ever saw us perform, you'd probably wonder how we got together. I mean, Im a super dweeb; Groove's black and he's proud; and Demo's a black cowboy who looks exactly like Groove. Christ fades in as they did before me. "Hold on now, don't get too excited; you can't rock yet..." he shares, continually pulling Liqrab down from his head. Liqrab keeps climbing back up, juking his hand, and whimpering like a puppy just as he reaches the top.
 His voice is smooth, like a waterfall, he comes to comfort and that is all... He brings adventure forth on a never-ending voyage through the vast holy wilderness, and somewhere on the way, he wanted children...
 Christ calls, "Window-" and his hyper-nano springs from his old staff. He navigates through its menus with Hebrew voice commands to play a super replay for us. It wasn't in Axe; it was here, in America! A Caucasian man with grey hair was in a church performing an awful gospel song. He looked like an ordinary pastor, but we could sense that he was wearing a bot. "Gentlemen, this is Scold Henry. He's the objective, but there are Megas in the mix! As you can see here, there are Megas playing the instruments for him, and we cannot charge them with anything for just playing music..." I tried to hit a little jig. "Dude, that is so fun to dance to; everybody's gonna wanna do that! (Snap) I am so jealous right now!" Groove laughed and Demo tried to catch the beat and jig. He tripped and fell... "(snap) My God, it's gonna kill somebody!" 
"They're a very well-known gospel band; people find it funny that they are the worst musicians ever. But their hideous music is the least of your problems." 
"Yeah, I know - this guy sucks!" My face expressed that I had a bad taste in my mouth. "We're all Ultra now, pops; we can handle a Mega or two-" 
"They know about soul croquet. And they're sponsoring it in North America..." 
Soul Croquet: Any unauthorized ghostly organ modification without the recipient's consent. 
Have you ever spilled oil on a slice of bread? Cleaning up Soul Croquet is like removing the oil from the bread with your nose! It's virtually impossible! "So, who took the charge?"
"Scold Kamehameha."
"What?! SCOLD? Those idiots!" Scold Kamehameha wasn't even a demon and it sucked that we couldn't even hit them with cheating. He was on trial as we were speaking, smiling the whole time. We kept studying Henry and the Mega musicians - they were performing that horrible gospel song. They just made the gospel song so boring, dull, draggy, and hard to repeat. People were walking out of their concert, crying in laughter, mocking their lyrics, too ashamed to stay. I could see what he was doing. Scold Henry was human, so, he knew what made them laugh. His personality was way sharper than he acted. "They're gonna make anti-gospel... His act will soon become a humorous way to doubt that God's even alive. We've gotta stop these jerks!"
"They're using Henry, he's too weak." Christ sat and studied the hyper-nano window; a spy-cherub in his lap looked up at him to mimic his every move. He leans in; Liqrab leans in. He taps his fingers against his cheeks; Liqrab taps his fingers against his own cheeks. "And Croquet on top of all this; SHIT...! Excuse me..." Groove said, ashamed of his actions. Christ put away his window and defended him saying, "Kid's gotta shit..." 
We go upstairs to the studio when Christ leaves and I spawn a bot to record for me while I sat on my butt. Gentlemen, behold...the grace of God... Bot Super Marlynn emerges and says, Whos Grace...? Is she hot...? My recording studio was flooded with notebook paper. I calmly walk onto the paper over to the fancy laptop. Groove takes one-step and I yell, "DUDE... THAT'S MY BOOK!" he steps into another area. "DUDE, WATCH IT!" Liqrab and Ban sit on bot Marlynn's shoulders and repeat after me. "DOOW, WAASIT!" Finally, Groove just floats and Demo flies in. "DUDE - I'm just kiddin' - this isn't my new book dudes I already wrote this book." When everybody's focused on writing the song and Super Marlynn begins to record his nerdy vocals to the beat, Liqrab and Azarban begin to destroy the old book with their swords. We heard a knock at the door. It was such a nice and calm knock. When I opened it, Little-Azarban slipped in and a mob of giant dark ice-crystal lumped, bulky, Megas were charging for him with rage! "I'mma get yo' a- COME OUTSIDE, B''''!" They fired darkness, as I hurriedly shut the door in their faces. It banged the door. Groove floats to the door. "Boy, what the hell was that?" 
"Azarban, did you lead them here? How did you...? How does he do that?"
"uhm...mow, wiss was Weepwab. They hoahwd Weepwab, I was swyyet..." We ignore Ban's lie and go get Bot Super Marlynn from the studio. I send him out to lie and say Azarban wasn't home. He steps out and disappoints the power hungry exiles. "One marrow?!" 
"'EY! SEND OUT SOME COMPETITION!" the Megas yelled. "There's no difference, Ill erase your ass too!"
"Well, you lookin' mighty sharp... Look here, phoenix... Go get Azarban; He's our property and we just want him back..."
"He's not here - I know nuke-won do, what's your organ? I heard you had s-no-balls..." Ban was in the window. They look up and stare at him. They see my hand snatch him from behind the curtains and the curtains re-settle. I finally walk out to say hello and they summon a bot to fight with me. They spawned a clapping bateria playing for a Capoeira Roda! WHOAH, KITANA...WHOAH, KITANA (OH, KITANA) OH, KITANA...OH, KITA (MY KITANA)  then they started singing a Brazilian lyric to berimbau. "Ultra Marlynn, we have summoned a Capoeira Maestro bot to see if you're really the holy juggernaut."
"What is this...?" I asked. The song was an accelerando. As it sped up, the dark Maestro bot blindly attacks me and I dodge. Super Marlynn quickly yanks off his shoes and his shirt! The music kept accelerating. Bot Super Marlynn double clocks and kicks the clones out of the dark bot, the Megas, and the bateria as I gradually went back inside to check on our new super song's progress. I had prayed over my house, so, they couldn't get in, they were just lounging all over my drive way and my lawn. One of them senses Groove. "Sh'', n'''', here come' Groove!" they all scatter. Little-Azarban possesses an orange and pushes holes out to wear it like a jump suit as we record and play hype men for each other. His arms and his head were out - all besides his feet; he just bounced around and screamed playfully. "What an idiot..." said Demo. He bounces onto the keyboard, looks up at Demo, and says, "BE FWOOPFOAHW!" Demo rolls him off the desk and he rolled into the hallway. "AAA!" you could tell he was far away when he cried again, because we could barely hear him. Then, Demo sang the chorus. Demo can sing, its like his lungs want to sing more than he does or theyre bigger than his entire body! He makes up songs as if it's so simple! He just has that - it's easy as crap - personality. You know how some people get louder in their music? Demo does the opposite, he volumes down and makes music people can relax to. "What about the-" His fingers accidentally go into my lips while hes dancing. I stare at him a few seconds, emotionless, like there was no signal to my brain. I paused, wiped my mouth with my shoulder, and kept talking. What about the charger? You gotta be kidding me... He re-records and I compliment him like Im the boss or I put the group together, That was beautiful, man, Im proud of you. Wow...Sounds like you were holding it in for a hundred years, like youve been longing to speak in a sadistic prison somewhere for eighty years. 
Thank you, man... he replied. Then I do my nerdy rap, double clocked by Demos vocals:
SATAN DOESNT WANT YOU TO SEE YOURSELF AS ADORABLE, SO BEING ADORABLE IS YOUR TICKET/ ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS ASK GOD FOR IT, THERES NO THREE WISH LIMIT/ I STAY THE FINEST BLACK MAN I CAN BE, CAUSE MY PEOPLE DONT ALWAYS HAVE OPPORTUNITIES LIKE THESE GIVEN/ MASSIVELY MULTIPLAYER WIDESPREAD AFRICAN AMERICAN IDS IN PRISON/ IT AINT THE WHITE MAN, ITS THE DEVIL HIMSELF/ FORGIVE THE WHITE MAN, GIVE HIM A CHANCE, AND MAYBE HE CAN HELP- 
Our best songs are the refugee: A series of super songs where we speak directly to God and heaven. The purpose of the refugee is to show we are the best  The best songs are the ones you can sing to God. Performing for God shows you arent very ashamed of him and thus he wont be ashamed of you or your band....
("WE LOVE YOU HEAVEN! THANKS FOR COMIN' OUT!")
Demo starts re-recording. Azarban lands on the mic. 
He closes his eyes and smiles, the song relaxing the inside of his heart, letting the blowing holy voice hit his face like a soothing wind.
It's about helping people, easing their longings, the refugee is deeper than that though the refugee is about an adorable cherub speaking words into God's belly trying to grant him the gift of the Holy Spirit to return the great favor he gave it... We listen to other music while thinking of new material - it inspires you quite well...Super Marlynn listens to heavy metal, believe it or not, he knows good music and those guys can play very well. See, sometimes we judge people by how they look and don't notice what they're capable of... The problem is people like to prove how good they are. God ain't got to prove how good he is like men...he's tough...He can take a punch, man. So before you judge a metal band, ask yourself, (Could I play the drums like that on my best day?)
SECTION II
I WANNA BE A LESBIAN
Nobody lost any sleep that night. We knew this mission was gonna be a breeze. The house was quiet and all the lights were off. I wake up at midnight and go to the kitchen for a slice of pizza. I lost my left ear-bud cap and spawn a replacement. I summon a whole olive, pepperoni, and sausage. I go to the drawer for a cutter. Little-Azarban was sitting inside it. I paused my mp3 player. He was wide-awake; he was just sitting there, looking around as if it wasn't as weird as it looked. I could sense that he was humiliated when he put his head down, too ashamed to look at me. He sobbed. I slowly shut the drawer. He just stayed there. "Good job, pilot..." I said. Only there could he not notice the refrigerator - just finding himself free from his addiction. He was finally changing and I was proud.
"We need a decoy..." My voice echoed throughout the super multiplex as I spoke to Demo. Groove stares at the long line of ghosts waiting to haunt the eerie black wax filled lantern, and then he possesses it. He walks down the aisle to sit with Demo and I. There were ghosts there with us; Axe hadn't opened yet that week. The ghosts cheer and whistle at Groove, knowing who we were. The double-clocked ghosts among us had already decided whom they wanted to work for, their halos twinkling, and their organs mostly holy super powers! The screen showing the ending of a short musical we made. A woman mounts a horse, wearing a white gown, and sets out through a barren dessert to find civilization- Our music video. It ends and another one of our music video played. It had a lengthy intro that went a little somethin like this:
(The Super Musicians - God vs. Banden narrator audio plays) A clan of super Amolvians, all spy-cherubs, surrounds a tiny fire and tells stories of their heroism in Axe in front of the white room throne. It looked like a bunch of toddler super heroes. "I hoaw his cwies...winging in my eoahws," says Kerehtenid. They are all from Azarbans army. "Then I said: hey, baby...Evoah made wuv in... Toahboaw...?" Ezequador and Joelnaq grow suspicious and cough a bit since it was smoky inside! "Who got the Banden plans for today?" asks Ezequador, knowing they had some type of plot to dominate in motion! Kerehtenid suddenly stops speaking and whispers into Liqrab's ear so loud Ezequador could hear him clearly. Bot God fades into Zybu and Joel's old spot, spy cherub whispering into his belly trying to give him the Holy Spirit... That's just how the angels are, the holy thieves have a stealing disorder, the spy-cherubs are territorial operatives, and the Banden are just plain old pirates. They might be cute, but they aren't, they're danger! Liqrab runs to Ezequador, looks up at God, and sees a better opportunity - He climbs up a pillar, jumps into Bot God's lap, and whines like a puppy. Ezequador follows his surround-belt. Kerehtenid winks at Liqrab and gives him a thumbs-up. Liqrab summons a live-grenade and blows himself up! He lands right in front of the fire. Bot God sits without a scratch, watching Liqrab play dead with an expression on his face reading (that fool lost his mind). Kerehtenid turns to Liqrab and raises his hands, looking confused. "WHAT THE HECK! (WEEPWAAB!)" He levitates to confront God as Liqrab lies on the floor behind him pretending to be unconscious. Liqrab sneezes. "WHY DID WOU HAF TO TAKE WEEPWAAB! EMUFF IS EMUFF!" 
"I own everything I create, he's my property, and I can do whatever I want with him." 
"MOW WOU TAN'T!" Bot God raised his hand and pointed to Liqrab. "Look...He's not even dead. Go check his pulse." Dajib looked at his armpit.
"TICKLE HIM!" He went into Bot God's armpit to tickle him; Bot God put his arm down; Dajib gets stuck! "AAA...AAA!" he kicked his little legs and screamed.
"NOW HE'S TWYIN' TO KIWW BAWEEB," Kerehtenid blames. "WHAT DO WOU HAVE ON WOU?! GIVE IT UP!" Another cupid tackles Kerehtenid to stop him from mugging Bot God. WWUN, DOOD! he yelled at Bot God. 
Clones of all the angels of heaven appear and fill the white room. Bot God says, "Kerehtenid, I want you to meet my kissy monsters." 
"Can't we buss salk about whiss...?" Kerehtenid and the other Banden make eye contact with Bot God while standing in his lap. They pause a few seconds, and, "WHI'-WIDOW DHHH!" The cherub who was playing dead stood and tried to get away. They ceased him and kissed him. AAA! HA-HA-HA! He laughed, deep in love, with his little innocence-filled belly. Outside, the other Banden took a dive off the cliff in front of the castle doors. Bot archangel Michael dived after them, with Kerehtenid riding on his shoulder on the way down. WEAW SUPOAH SAAWS GET EMEN! I'M ON WOAHW SIDE, DOOD...!" He lied. Azarban's secret service was killed with kindness. Bot God waits for them to return with cupids using him for a playpen. Michael carries little adorable Kerehtenid into the white room, still smooching away! Bot God summons a staff and points it at a clan of cupids in front of his throne, already juggling some. Come, you, you, you...and you... He calls them one by one. One of them giggles and grabs the end of the staff, riding it back to find himself looking over the others. He raised his chest and stood upright, like a security guard. Amolvian candy fell from the ceiling into Bot Gods lap. There was one piece left after a short time. Kerehtenid hid a few in his diaper. One cupid didnt get any and he knew Kerehtenid had some. "Whiss is my wass wum, dood!"
"You lied, you're gonna get suspended."
"Uhm...I'm a cwoset chwissian."
"I'm not moved by your guilt or your innocence. I'm me."
Kerehtenid looks up at Ezequador, and then he stares at Bot God. "HEWE, DOOD, I SOWWY..." he shared. AWW, THAT'S SO SWEET..." Ezequador praised him. 
HA-(clap-clap)HA-HA. Thats ridiculous... I applauded. A super movie doesn't just double clock you like super music, it also has a 4 dimensional effect, giving your soul life points when the actor collects them. "Oh my God, you're super Demo. I- love you... Will you sign my hat?" said an excited fan. "Sure, kid... MARLYNN... GIMME A PEN, MAN!" They start cheering again because he sounded like he was about to flow and he was moving in fast motion, even though he wasnt moving much. A pen spins vertically and hits him in the head. "HAHA-HA-HA..." I laughed on my way out of my seat to insert more Hollowbots into the, eerie, hidden-slot for another film. It was like a jukebox. I added the amount required and it automatically hid itself again. I pick a good super movie and rush back to my seat. I was hopping over the empty seats. I tripped and fell over one. I quickly rose up and crawled into my seat, groaning like a wounded soldier on a battlefield. That's when I got the idea to do a live show for our new followers and show my appreciation. I gave Demo that look I always give him when we're about to shoot a new movie. He nods and asks the ghosts, "HEY, Y'ALL WANNA MAKE SOME EXTRA BOTS?" 
Little-Azarban hangs out in front of my house, trying to make friends with the ghosts that passed by. "HEY, WHY NON'T WOU WANNA COME PWAY WITH US?"
 "I'm a lesbian..." says a young lady, avoiding the line to the super multiplex. I wanna be a wesman." He rides on her shoulder; she turns to the attractive super multiplex, and jigs to the music that played outside. She gets in the line and waits to go in, fascinated by his halo, deep in love with the sound of his voice. Then they became best friends. When we find a good spot to do a live super movie  my back yard  I say, Alright this looks copasetic. And that very spot is where Im telling you this story... I wanna give a shout out to Abralahayum, and all the prophets who used this ancient art Im bout to teach yall... They used trust in God to terrorize demons with prayer and theres always more than enough so I know its gonn be somethin big... Love is a super power the devil doesnt want you to have. Theres something Satan doesnt want you to see, Gods in all, so look at em; still love em; when you look over hate and toward love, your mind gets a breakthrough - one you feel in your temples, like your brain is growing taller! And then you defend God like a good lawyer. And then you try to whisper into his belly, trying to make your voice clear like his, to give him the holy spirit back like that Azarban. Its a time period: the moment you trust God is the moment you do, not the moment you distrust him. He already knew. When you dont trust me aint when you do... I apologize, God, do you know that? I dont even want drugs no mo; I just want my soul back. Relaxed the inside o yo mind and yo hippocampus cried...And when I help its so you stop hurtin not for anything trophy-like...longing souls, long me - long time - like a long-ass extension cord.... I got the attention span of a cupid and the accuracy of the Lunar Man corp...
 Gawndihowl morph...
(The Axe narrator audio plays) In the midst of an unknown valley met the smartest men on earth, Zeus and Noah. They were the wisest of all humankind and they were so powerful that Lucifers army offered the both of them immortality to share with whomever they pleased. Please, Zeus; youre my best friend Noah whimpered, rubbing his tears into his cheeks. He was heartbroken that Zeus had taken the bribe. Noah, you are so genuine. I have never met anyone like you, but I haveth not the will to go on in agonywithout ARMS!
SIN GAVETH MEN ASTROLOGY AS WELL AS SWORDS, AND YOU TRUST IN WHAT YOU ARE ACCORDING TO THE SIGNS OF THE WORLD?!
	NOAH, IM A CAPRICORN
	Uh-h-you are driving me MAD, Zeus! THINK Noah suddenly starts walking away from Zeus. He runs around in circles, bumping into walls as if he was lost - looking for clues - his family awaiting his direction in all their wealth, livestock, and furs. It was as if someone was controlling him like a video game but they didnt know what to do... Zeus continues speaking, AZEZEL SAID I WILL BE SELFISH, HOLDETH GRUDGES, AND ITS TRUE! EVERYTHING HE SAIDETH WAS TRUE!
	NO IT IS NOT, UNLESS YOU CAN PROVE TO ME IT IS TRUE!
	Well let me ask you this: Do I have an optimistic personality?
	I do not know what that is, Zeus?
	SeeHow do you know if it is right or wrong? What about my lack of a dry humorHuh? Im a Capricorn, Noah.
	Zeus, shuteth up and listen You dont know what youre getting yourself into; If God wanted us to do sorcery we would have been born sorcerers.
	AN ANGEL POINTED ME IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION!
	Wellangels are supposed to be in heaven so give me the directions or map it out so we can both go and ask God! 
In the days of Noah and Zeus, monsters and sorcerers inhabited the earth. A fallen angel with a wide essence - Lucifer - aided wands and weaponry during mans warfare. Lucifer never revealed himself to those he aided. In fact, they did not even know it was he, thus, believing it was their own power. What better way is there to rob men for their souls than to wear a mask? babbled Lucifer, overly dying of thirst as he celebrated in unbearable dehydration. He trembled with malnourishment when he tried to speak. In the night of Lucifers fall, he and his followers gathered on a hill to make plans for revenge on humanity. They divided themselves into teams and they all bowed to Lucifer. Incubus - one of Lucifers sons - was an idiot. He never did anything right and his entire team was just as ignorant as he. Incubus team was made-up of his spoiled rotten brothers and sisters. As Lucifer made plans to defile women and give men things to piss God off with, Incubus troop profoundly screwed up. Lucky for them, when everyone met the next morning, Incubus team was swimming in the ocean 80 miles east of the destination point! Lucifers plan went well, but God grew pissed a bit sooner than expected! As the many followers he had gained, Luce was imprisoned until further-notice. To bind an angel you will need shackles or chains made of holy-fire, light, or water. As for Incubus team - they were free to roam the earth and do whatever they wanted, forever. Shortly after Noah and Zeus split-up, Noah had a one-on-one with God and God ordered him to build the ark. Zeus shared his powers with his brothers and began to recruit others to live amongst them as immortals He had until Noah finished the ark to enjoy himself! Yet, that was shortened when his brother Hades went psycho and killed everyone! Lucifers angelic brainpower allowed him to see that there WOULD be a savior. It was, in fact, a vision of his that his schemes would blind men and rob the Christ of ALL his future followers. Lucifer and his followers were intelligent, but some of the most self-destructive idiots of all time. Amongst sorcerers and conquerors, counterfeit trees of life were secretly distributed. God dislikes holding back his power, so, Lucifer aided these as well. When inhaled, they made people age slowly and healed flesh wounds in mere seconds. At night, the trees would flare up and emit a warm, blissful, sensation. The trees also hydrated people when they inhaled them watered or if it rained on them. The trees were easy to grow - all you had to do was water them. They did not grow very tall. Most of them were no bigger than your average bush or shrub. Only one tree was over 5 feet. It was pretty darn big though. Everyone called it Quanpoo. Quanpoo was over forty feet tall. However, it was easy to move! With a little black magic and 20 people to dig it up for you, you could take it anywhere you wanted! Daily, the native sorcerers battled over Quanpoo! There was one very significant tree of life region called Amolvia. Hordes of monsters always surrounded Amolvia. The monsters were made of steel, but their muscles moved like normal flesh and bone. Their fur hence from hair-thin steel-strings, finely straightened and decorated by the Amolvian alumni. Their eyes were dim-flashing balls of light. Their eye-colors- versatile. They were not violent at all. They were just always hungry. Therefore, they hunted for stragglers near the Amolvian border, endlessly. A brutal race of people - the Amolvians - watered their trees daily, but did not have a clue that they were hydrating them. They taunted people who openly drank water to survive. Amolvians were like African-Americans with straightened hair. They settled in the Libyan Desert. Amolvians invented a science of war that made them petrifying opponents. They would, stealthily, rob other regions for their magic trees at night, and then challenge them to war the next morning. When they realized the Amolvians had a tree for every soldier in the Amolvian army, they would surrender. Ever since the day they founded Amolvia, Quanpoo stood in its sorcerer pre-school yard. The best fighters get the best tree I guess In those days, everyone had his or her own style of sorcery. When using magic that required the hands, Amolvians vibrated their hands as they discharged to assure opponents that their hands were naturally producing the magic. They were able to levitate. They could not fly, but they could only grow lighter. They were as light as a feather, and as heavy as they wanted to be. In addition, their swordsmen practiced mild sorcery - wielding swords by making the grip magnetically shadow their hand while performing back flips and handstands. The swords looked like high-speed windmill blades as they rotated them! Amolvians rarely ate, but never drank. Their sources of energy were the simulated trees of life they inhaled to stay perpetual. During the infamous term of King Yuity Dipsel, a young Caucasian-guy hopped in front of an Amolvian seminar and began howling, Those evil trees are not vim and vigor and they are DEATH! You could tell Todd wasnt an Amolvian. He was the only one without a fancy sharp edge or wand glittering, slightly, with every budge. In addition, he had water jugs sagging from his collar and waists as if he was a water-balloon warlord or something. START DRINKING NOW, AND BE AT PEACE WITH GOD! he screamed. The Amolvian alumni celebrated and laughed at him. YU-IT-Y! YU-IT-Y! YU-IT-Y! sang the Amolvians. WAT-ER! WAT-ER! WAT-ER! Todd chanted back. The weight of his water jugs threw him perfectly OFF balance. He stumbled. A chubby Amolvian man, named Okarinj, fell to his knees gasping for air in mid-laughter. Alright, you win, Ill do whatever you want me to do, just stop making me LA-AhHAAA! Okarinj declared and snickered. He was eating an Amolvian candy bar. He laughed so hard; the portion of candy he was chewing fell out of his mouth. He began to cry. Whats so funny, ya bunch of demons? the Todd asked the Amolvians softly and assertively. FUNNY HOW YOU BROUGHT THE ENTIRE OCEAN AND ATLANTIS DIDNT HAVE A PROBLEM WITH IT, AYST. An anonymous voice yelled from within the crowd. The Amolvians roared with laughter! You know what I hope you all go to hell. Screw thee! Todd decided and stepped down. Screw thee youre the one whos dying to drink! Liqrab - Yuitys guard - stated. As the laughter grew louder, Todd began gnashing his teeth. An Amolvian swordsman hopped onto Todds head and propped himself up using nothing more than the tip of his big toe. Todd didnt notice. HEY, IVE HEARD EVERY MYTH ABOUT YOU MUMMYS! NO ONE CAN DEFY GRAVITY BUT THE LORD! shouted Todd, with someone standing on his head. The swordsman hopped off and yelled, I WANT MY MONEY BACK! Todd - with his eyes buck-wide - watched the swordsman passively settle into the sand in front of him. He tried to rub his head, lost his balance, and felldestroying his entire water supply. FLOOD! Liqrab shouted with wit. The jugs drained completely. Todd, whos now predestined to die in a half-hour, began to pout and cry. Let me alone y-you m-murderers... MURDERERRRRRRS! he shouted with his hands on his ears and his eyes shut, NO! King Yuitys elder brother Ruien Dipsel interfered. With his high-class armor and jewel-embedded scabbard filled with a wand-rapier, he hurried through the crowd to rescue Todd. Excuse my foolish brother and his implausible entourage. Ruien told Todd with sincerity exploding from within his heart and escaping through his sapient eyes. Ruien got an attitude and focused on the Amolvian people. All kinds of twinkling sparks fired themselves from his magic armor when he moved. He jumped and twisted in the air out of nowhere, exploding coronas dropping out of his magic armor. He hopped again and levitated. He landed, grappled Todd, and let him go. His rapier unsheathed itself and went back in for no reason. Then he grappled Liqrab and slammed him against a hut as he continued, AMOLVIANS, IS IT FAIR TO PUSH AROUND A MAN WHO CANNOT LEVITATE? JUMP ON MY HEAD IF YOU WANT A CHALLENGE. Liqrab had just fell and stood back up as if it never happened and went back to his previous stance in his new spot. It was as if someone was controlling Ruien like a video game but they didnt know what to do... Todd, feebly, sank to the ground - with hopelessness - as Ruien continued, This poor man...Welcome to Amolvia- Ruien lifted Todd onto his feet and began to shed tears in shame. The alumni were shocked; Ruien was the greatest of all Amolvian supremacists a few hours earlier! He was the one with the largest body count. Tears fell from his chin as he peered into the heavens. Todd - clever enough - used an empty jug to catch Ruiens tears. Yuity gradually moved through the horde of Amolvians while saying, He started it, Ruien. 
	YOU Go and fetch that man some water, Yuity! replied Ruien, Liqrab, King Yuity said - pushing Liqrab from behind with his foot, Go get it. Yuity, calmly, ordered him as if they werent in the middle of the desert. If my kids get out of school before this man is on his way home with everything he arrived with, youre gonna wish you were dying with him! Ruien proclaimed. That is when Yuity lost it and went berserk. RUIEN! HOW DARE YOU CAST A SPELL ON ME? spat Yuity, with raging eyes. Yuity had challenged Ruien. Ruien knew what was happening. The alumni carried away Ruiens wife, Anara Dipsel, and threw her outside of the tree of life region. She did not resist or try to escape. As her body left Amolvia, her ashes embedded in the sand dunes and vanished. Ruien, never taking his eyes off Yuity, whispered into Todds ear, You see that tree over there? 
	Yeah, save me. 
	I wont let them touch you. Trust me and dig it up, He said dig it up so Todd would move faster. He didnt require it. Then, head for your homeland. Behold, I will not allow them to uproot any for themselves. Todd wasted no time and went for it. Ruien aimed his rapier toward the counterfeit-tree patch. Burrow HHHHH! he called. Its like he breathes it- A wide and powerful bolt, with a bright shimmer of violet light trailing it, discharged from the tip of his rapier and plunged into one of the tree of lifes roots. As the tree popped up from the earth, a miniature explosion of soil and dirt clumps splattered throughout the affected area. The weight of its branches and leaves caused the tree to rotate slightly and land gently onto them. Todd grabbed it like a fumble in a football game and broke-out toward the Amolvian borderline. 
The Amolvian kingdom appeared to be flame-orange, since the sun had begun setting and the trees of life began to flare up. As he fought off the alumni, Ruien knew he would die eventually. He was just glad his sons werent there to jump in. When the alumni grew tired, Ruien stretched out his arm and swiftly rotated his rapier around the tip of his pointing-finger. The rapiers hilt shadowed his fingertip as he swiftly rotated it forward and backward. I thought he was gettin soft... This son of a b got better! Act like it doesnt bother you... Yuity quickly whispered to Liqrab. Ruiens magic points were 2000/4400 and his life points were 200/200. Todds life points are now 80/200, because hes only had two tears to drink [Gulp] - just kidding, Todd had 100 life points. Ruien had the wand rapier equipped. He knew that this was it: Yuity and his guards vs. himself. The crowd spread into a huge circle to make room so they could scrap. Yuitys team all had normal Amolvian blades equipped. Their magic points and life points were all full. Dajib, no one slays my brother but me! Its good for my campaign. Yuity ordered his most likely to survive guard. Yes sir. Dajib whispered. Then, suddenly, a transparent and bright-red flame surrounded Todd. The fire grew 2 times taller. The taller flame split into two halves. Todd remained surrounded by the bottom half. The top half wrapped around Ruien, adjusted itself to his height, and completely covered his body. In other words, they both became hot. Yet, it was holy fire from the heavens, not the lack of air conditioning. Their eyes bled a transparent bright-red steaming flame that arose - thick, like smoke - and faded as it neared their hairlines. 
In the blink of an eye, Yuity dashed toward Todd and slashed his fire shield with his blade, but the holy fire was immune to his sorcery. The only damage done was to Yuitys blade. The people around them played brass, but only when Ruien or Yuity started scrappin'. 
Nearby, hiding behind a tree of life and eavesdropping was Prince Ezequador Dipsel the eldest son of Ruien. He was 22 but seemed to be about eleven, because he grew up in such a fortified, sturdy, tree of life region. He was the smartest Amolvian and genius on the face of the earth. Todd began to annoy Yuity with a tough-guy act, Wheres my waterhuh, ladies? 
	Squash him like a bug, father. Prince Ezequador whispered. Yuity leapt backward, performing a premeditated back flip. Then, he blasted away the remainder of his magic points with the white widow dust-cloud attack as he yelled, WHI-WIDOW DHHH! He was saying white-widow-dust, but they leave out the u-s-t for some reason. This attack allowed the Amolvians to stun enemies. They shot a thick white dust substance from their wands or the palms of their hands into the enemys face. It only took effect when inhaled. When the cloud cleared, Todds arms were crossed and wrapped around his face. He had his body bent and held low. He slowly arose while spreading his elbows and peeking through to see if he was still hot. PUSH RUIEN TO HIS DEMISE, ARREST THAT WATER-LOVER, AND PRESERVE THE UPROOTED TREE NOW! Yuity commanded his faithful guards, who were not around to hear him! They had vanished! Then, suddenly, the part of the crowd to the rear of king Yuity began to gripe a bit, as if someone was pushing them around. 'Out of the way, peasants! Dajib shouted at the crowd. D-Dajib, W-Waaait! Liqrab yelled as he followed Dajib. When Yuity turned to look, all that he saw was two Amolvian blades on the ground. He lifted his eyes up in the direction of the deserted blades and saw a head slowly arise from within an opened window followed by another head next to it shortly afterward. Prince Ezequador switched from peeking behind the left side of the tree to behind the right side. That armor is the greatest. Ezequador whispered to himself. So, you know a new trick, brother. Yet, do thy sons know this method? Yuity asked Ruien. Are you trying to bring my boys into this? Ruien asked. 
	You know me, replied Yuity. 
	How dare you? You know, Yuity - you took my wife Not your guards and NOT the alumni here.
	Uh Yeah? So-what; you broke the law. 
	I WAS going to kill you, but Im just gonna take my water lover home and walk it off. Ruien responded wisely. 
	Yea, you do that, dont forget your a doggie bag, b. And dont you worry about retribution because my guards,
	Your guards what? - Ran like a couple of pys? Todd asked. Ruien and Todds fire faded away. Todd hopped behind Ruien like a py. Yuitys guards jumped back in. Ruien looked Yuity in the eyes. Im not through with you. When I get back later on; dont make me shut you up for good and have a good explanation for what YOU did.
	Oh, I see, so, youre letting me off the hook. Yuity mocked Ruiens decision and all of the members of the seminar began howling in laughter. Ruien got involved and socked Yuity in the nose. Then, he fired a thunderous wave of force at the feet of the crowd with his wand-rapier. The wave blew the paint off one of the swordsmens armor. They all ceased laughing instantaneously. Yuity,
	Ruien
	Yuity?! You just killed my wife for nothing and I told you that I was about to walk it off.
	Keep going
	Im not gonna kill you. No-way; Ill let God decide for you AND your followers.
	GOD? THATS YOUR PROBLEM, YOU BELIEVE IN SOME GOD WHO WOULD LET YOUR WIFE BE GONE FOREVER. YOURE LUCKY I DIDNT HAVE YOU KILLED! COME BACK HERE WITH THAT ATTITUDE AND I WILL! MAYBE YOU WILL LEARN FROM THIS LOSS, BROTHER!
	Joel, wait til ya hear about this! I gotta go tell Joel, said Ezequador. He sprinted toward the Amolvian pre-school building, which was in the opposite direction of where Ruien and Yuity were scrapping. No one spotted him. Ruiens sons: Ezequador, Little-Azarban, and Joelnaq were the royal princes of Amolvia. They all wore the best clothing and armor with weapons painted by royal Amolvian artists to match their armor. Little and Joelnaq attended the best schools in Amolvia. Ezequador, the eldest, was a genius and had already graduated at the age of 10. Though they were three of the finest young men in Amolvia, they had all been to the adult prisons multiple times each. They were way to smart and tough for the juvenile detention guards. The name Ezequador means heart warmer in Amolvian. Little-Azarbans name means little big-star or little sun in Amolvian. Joelnaq meant accurate shooter. When he saw Little-Azarban at the Amolvian sorcerer pre-school on his way to tell Joel, Ezequador yelled, AZARBAN! Little Azarban was in the middle of a duel with a very big-eared boy named Witichkin. Littles instructor, Veunic, looked at Azarban and screamed OH CRAP, WATCH YOUR OPPONENT! Azarban took his eyes off Ezequador and turned to look at Veunic. Then, he turned toward Witichkin. Witichkin had fully charged his wand and blasted Azarban high into the sky. AAAAAAAH! Little Azarban screamed in fear. 
	Witichkin Lamiura, youve got the biggest ears in my class; I know you heard me say, NO FULL BLAST! The children laughed. Blowing prince Little to mars isnt going to look good on your permanent record. Veunic nagged. 
	Hey Witichkin, what the hell? Ezequador asked in bewilderment. Witichkin, who was exceedingly expected to run, hurled his wand to the ground and boldly told Ezequador, Well-then, f me up cause I dont know how to, fing, lower a charge. Plus, that thing fired half of that sh on its own. 
	On a normal day Id suspend you, but since this is all prince Ezequadors fault... 
	WHAT? Its MY fault? Youre the one whos training off schedule. They should already be able to move a volcano; you have to be kidding me! Pack your sh and get the hell out of my building, ayst. YOURE suspended, AYST! 
	Yes, my lord. It wont happen again. Veunic was confused about Ezequadors decision and asked, And might I ask - when do I get to return, his majesty? Ezequador placed the palm of his hand against his chin, tapped the tip of his fingers against his upper-lip, and glared aloft to assure that he was thinking of an answer. Hmmm... When my brother is the king of the wands...! Veunics head fell down and he walked off sniffling and sobbing. Well that guys never getting his job back; your brothers a doofus. Joelnaq landed on Ezequadors shoulders and stated. Huh...? JOEL...? Cut it out! As Ezequador wobbled Joelnaqs balance to his content, Witichkin leapt atop of the school building and hopped off onto the opposite side. He feared they would jump him when they saw where Azarban landed, so, he hid himself in a bush. One of his ears was still visible. Prince Joelnaq hopped off prince Ezequadors shoulders and stood smoothly and rapidly with a big grin. So whats the problem? Someone just told me Ban got penalized in a duel. Wheres he at? Little Azarban  About 5 years old and poorly trained  cried, AAAAH...! JOELNAQ; EZEQUADOR; AAAAH...! 30 feet above the ground, he dangled from one of Quanpoos limbs. His shirt was entangled with the branch and his breastplate was jammed, giving him a loose grip! He feared that if he tried to get it out hed fall! HOLD ON AZARBAN! Joelnaq yelled. As Little began to cry and want his mommy, Ezequador quickly informed Joelnaq of what happened at the seminar. Why would uncle Yuity kill mom all of a sudden? asked Joelnaq. AZARBAN, WE DONT WANT YOU ANYMORE, so, WERE JUST GOING TO LET YOU DIE, O.K...? Joelnaq joked and snickered. He sought laughter from Ezequador, and instead got the stink-eye. Little slipped a bit and caused a few leaves to fall. IM TELLING MY DAADYYY! cried Little-Azarban. He tried to climb up and lost his grip. Joelnaq ran up the tree like a squirrel gasping, Hhhh-Sowe dont give a crap, tell your daddy. Joelnaq joked. Ezequador smiled at the sight of this because, even-though he knew many bad things were about to happen, he could still trust his little brothers. Joelnaq passively walked across the branch to get Little-Azarban. Ezequador thought abruptly and rushed Joelnaq saying, 
	If the entire seminar just murdered mom, were all-alone and we have to be fast. If they catch us, were dust. 
	Youre dust! King Yuity barged in, accompanied by the Amolvian alumni. Ezequador raised his left-hand. It rapidly flashed with violet light about 2 times. Then, seemingly, his blade freed itself from his sheath and placed its hilt into his left palm. The alumni laughed. Uncle Yuity, Im only going to ask this once - Wheres my mother, and what have you been smoking? Ezequador asked. Little and Joelnaq, inaudibly, parked their rears onto one of the tree branches, facing the dispute. Ahhhh, the Amolvian dynasty- Yuity replied. Oh nephew, he cried, mischievously. You have to understand - your father was about to start a kingdom of light - and we neither accept nor do we claim retards in this family. I could not allow that to happen. Amolvia is NEVER to change. 
	I said: where IS he? 
	He ran after I showed him my new trick. 
In case you were wondering - Ruien was attacked by everyone at the seminar, and yet, still managed to rescue Todd by borrowing the uprooted tree. Everyone in the alumni including king Yuity had 0/100 magic points. If it werent for the trees, they wouldve all been dead. Ruien and Todd searched the dark desert for shelter. The moon lit the sands and the monsters  which were all completely made of carbon steel  glimmered as they hunted for travelers to barbeque. Todd was scared. Uh, Rue, another monster! Ruien slashed into an attacking monster. 
	What? Well then- youre deadDont come cryin to me, man! Ruien joked. Look, Im a water salesman. Im addicted to prostitutes, and Ive been dead for the past 4 years. 
Todd confessed. Ruien slashed into another monster 
	Its alright man. I just used you anyway. Somehow, my brother found out what I was planning to do to Amolvia, I could see it in his eyes. So I got the hell out of there A.S.A.P. 
 What about your sons? 
	Yea... They dont know it, but theyre stronger than I am! Theyll be fine. Im really going to miss my wife, Anara, though. 
	So how old are your sons dude?
 In Amolvian years, Ezequadors eleven, Joelnaqs seven, and Little-Azarbans five. 
	Awesome dudeawesome! What the heebie-jeebies is an Amolvian year? 
Back in Amolvia, the three young princes all had 200/200 life points and 4000/4000 magic points each. GAWNDIHOWL MORPH...! Yuity shouted. The alumni backed away from him. He transformed into a huge reptilian-monster in 3 seconds flat! Somehow, he gained 20 magic points for transforming. With it, he spewed fire at the tree branch. Joelnaq, agile and well trained, grabbed Little and jumped all the way across the pre-school yard onto Yuitys neck. They ran down his back and safely leapt to the ground. Little was pissed that no one would help, so, he stretched out his arms, balled his fists, and shook them up and down. From his knuckles, he blasted the entire crowd with the white-widow dust cloud attack. Its pressure hit so hard it knocked them out before they had the chance to inhale it. It was as if he had one of those firefighting hoses spraying them all in the head one-by-one. O.K., his followers are down, now its uncle Yuitys turn. Ezequador thought. Meanwhile, somewhere in the middle of the desert, Ruien and Todd were handling the monsters well! Ruien was a very skilled warlord and Todd was a very skilled monster-spotting guy. The tree lit the dark desert emitting a very bright flame-orange flash. Ruien laughed as he told Todd, Seriously though - I, fing, knew that tree was still gonna work, dude. Ruien asserted. Youre like, the little brother I never had. 
	Well I wouldnt say addicted, I just cant stop it if my life depended on it. 
	Man, find yourself a good woman, dude - Those chicks are gonna give you the hortes. 
One thing Ruien knew best was how to treat someone. He was the type of man that wanted others to be better than him. He would never judge Todd about his addiction to hookers. Therefore, he gave him a few tips on how to give a classy woman paradise. Dude, chicks just wanna feel safe, they dont want your money- 
	Monsters!
	Oh sh With ease, Ruien put his blade through three charging monsters with a single spin. Then, he carelessly thought to himself about where he was before he was interrupted as if those were the last monsters ever.
	Flying monsters! 
A, massive, light-winged and heavyweight set of roaring gargantuan steel-bogeymen - were also no match for Ruiens lazy-spin incisions. 
	You gotta know how to whisper into her ear, they like that. 
	Woman, you gotta earn these whispers!
	Thats it! Now, be a little less Cosmo when you actually embrace this or shell think youre a friggin perv. Ruien paraded back and forth as Todd sat and took note. Never make her feel like a trophy, ya know?  Shes human. If she doesnt like listening to you, shes not the one. If your breath stinks, eat an apple or something. Dont take them for a joke, thatll hurt the crap out of em unless youre an expert like me.... Let her tell you who she is. Be gentle, gentlemen. A puzzled monster stood behind Todd wondering why Ruien was so calmly speaking to him so friendly. Todd noticed, turned around, and jumped up fear stricken. HOLY, JUNKIN JUNK, DUDE! Ruien smacked the steel monster and it ran off crying like it had lost its best friend. Where was ILast, but not least, never lie to her. Itll only make things awkward. 
	Copy - ya old sicko 
	Now I gotta show you how to scrap like me, cause if you cant protect your wife she wont give you any. 
	That was WAY T.M.I., Ruien. Howd they get to your wife, dude? You shouldve put that lazy slash on their asses 
Ruien looked into Todds eyes - ashamed of letting Todd down - and shed a few tears. He began to explain, but his emotions overwhelmed him. He dropped his blade. Then, he nearly fell to his knees but Todd caught him and steadily settled him into the sand. 
	She was SO beautiful- cried Ruien. He sobbed; it was as he was speaking to himself. He sniffled and wiped his eyes with his right hand. He slapped and grasped his sword with his left hand to assure that he had Todds back. I was ordered by an angel to write a book that would introduce Amolvia to his power. Amolvians are very hard-hearted people, so, I wrote powerful doctrines to be sure theyd be influenced. My younger brother, Yuity, found my journal and read it, just as the angel said he would. MY life is already over. My sons have never been to war, but the youngest can crush a billion men with his eyes closed while moving in slow motion. You dont want to know what the other two can do. Hopefully theyll find my journal and begin New Amolvia... If they do, our magic abilities will convert to miracles. Then, well be a new race of humans and I think he said wed all move into a magic lamp or something. Its hard to listen to someone that gives you a warm sensation from head-to-toe with every word. Thats how I knew it was God. I felt like a kid again. Ruien cried and stated. He wiped his tears from his cheek with both hands. Todd looked up and both ways for monsters. 
	Hey, youre like the big brother I never had, did you know that? Im so sorry, Rue. 
	You need an apple.
 Ruien sniffled and told Todd. Todd paused and grinned. He looked down at Ruien. HA-YOU need an apple. You need a hundred apples! Todd replied. They both laughed and Ruien felt a sudden sharp pain in his chest. He placed the palm of his hand into his throbbing ribcage and croaked aching. I think I just stabbed myself. 
	Youre having a heart attack, lay there Ill go find a nurse, urged Todd. 
	No, I dont think thats a possibility. Were in the middle of the middle of the middle of nowhere so- 
Ruien died that night and Todd went on to his homeland. He evaded every prostitute in his village, found a very classy woman, and gave her the playbook. Amolvia was doomed. Its princes battled its king for hours. Little had Yuity by one of his eyelids, Joelnaq had been axing through his broad tail with his blade all while Yuitys followers were still out cold. Most of the children of Amolvia were watching since their parents didnt come home. Ezequador was trying to morph and get it over with... Ghantihaw Mole... It didnt work. Aww crap...! I knew I should have tried this earlier. Ezequador gave up and drew his blade as he thought of the last thing his father told him, Youre a man before youre a prince, people are going to be hard on you anyway. When a woman rejects you, dont get mad at her because you dont have the balls to try again. Then, he began chopping down the trees of life that were near Yuity. Slashed in half, the trees remained alive and still worked. Joelnaq endlessly rotated his sword while performing one-hand-stands and back flips around Yuitys back. He was as light as a feather. He pushed his featherweight body upward with one of his hands. Then he flipped backward and quickly hopped over his blade as he persistently rotated its hilt around his hand. Ezequador looked at the unconscious Amolvians, internally forgave them, and willed their children a chance to be a part of his fathers plan. He didnt want to have to murder them all. CHILDREN OF AMOLVIA - HELP ME AND MOVE THESE TREES AWAY FROM THIS MONSTER! The children began to look at their parents. Your parents could have been finished off hours ago, but I will spare you all if you help. Ezequador assured the children as he fired a dreadful warning shot. All of the Amolvian children immediately began grabbing the trees and moving them away from Yuity. Yuity lowered his head as far as he could. With a strong thrust, the dragon threw Azarban into the air as he opened his mouth wide to devour him. Ezequador dashed across Yuitys back, leapt up from his upper-lip, and grabbed Azarban just as he was about to fall into Yuitys mouth. Witichkin  the kid with the ears  had unsuspectingly grabbed the last tree and plunged it into Veunics gut. Here, 
	PHUOGH...! WHAT THE F- HEY- Sh! 
	Thats the last tree! The children chorused.
As Witichkin sprinted back to the garden, Veunic watched him get little with his heels nearly touching his back with every tread. As Witichkin got further away, Veunic watched and criticized him. Ahgh, Witichkin  You ole bat-eared py! Biggest ears in Amolvia, cant hear someone yelling at you. HH-AHHHSH! He groaned and continued, You ought to be embarrassed! as he hurled the tree away from Yuity. Yuity became dust and ashes. He dissolved and fell to the ground. When they got up, the three princes were all grown men, and their clothes were too small, and ripped up. Were gonna need some of dads clothes. Azarban said. After they changed out and cleaned up, they called for a town meeting. 
	AMOLVIANS, BEHOLD, OUR NEW SHORT-TERM KING - AZARBAN. HE WILL BE GIVING THE ROYAL COMMANDS UNTIL MY FATHER RETURNS. Ezequador informed the Amolvians. 
	LISTEN UP  G-DIT AND LISTEN CLOSELY - OUR MOTHER WAS JUST SLAIN, AND WE DONT APPRECIATE IT. ALTHOUGH WE WANT TO SET THE ALUMNI ON FIRE FOR TEN MINUTES AND THROW THEM INTO THE OCEAN, WE KNOW THAT PEOPLE CAN CHANGE. The crowd cheered at the surprising decision of the temporary king. Thank you. Little told the crowd with a big grin on his face. MY FATHER ONCE TOLD ME THAT THIS DAY WOULD COME, AND THAT ID BECOME A NORMAL HUMAN BEAN, Veunic began easing off. HELL - THE TRUTH IS - WERE ALL HUMAN BEANS! I CAN CHANGEYOU CAN CHANGE... THATS WHAT BEING A HUMAN BEANS ALL ABOUT- I DONT KNOW IF THATS WHY WE GET A LITTLE GAS EVERY SO OFTEN BUTITS ALL GOOD BABY! The crowd cheered. NOW, I DONT KNOW WHOSE FAULT IT IS THAT IM NOT A CUTE LITTLE BOY ANYMORE- He looked over at Yuitys ashes, paused, and began speaking again. BUT I APPRECIATE EM MAKING ME A CHARMING MAN! The cheering grew louder and the sun began to rise. When the sunlight hit the crowd, Ezequador spotted Veunic. He was chatting with a priest Ruien recently hired during a war with another village. The priests name was Shepherd, he was Christian, and he was a very well developed sorcerer. Ezequador walked over to chat with them. Veunic, what was the name of that attack uncle Yuity just did? 
	It was a Gawndihowl, sir. His spirit and his body became inside out. If he were a full-time walk in the light type of guy - like your father - his Gawndihowl would have looked a lot more like a uhhhuman bean, but a very powerful one. What do you call that thing sheph?
	What junkin thing?
	You know - the thing the humans say works for GodGods pets
	Oh you mean an angel
	Yeah, an angel
	Thank you, Veunic. That was real sweet of you to give my father a compliment. 
	Youre most certainly welcome, his highness. Now, there are many different Gawndihowls in spiritual evolution, but to narrow things down a bit... God enables; Lucifer disables. God makes the soul evolve; Lucifer makes it devolve- 
	So thats why uncle Yuitys was so ugly! 
	For the degree of positivity, there is a degree of negativity set to decrease the souls power or devolve it. Whatever your soul has evolved into when you say Gawndihowl Morph while in the tree of life region is what you will look like when you morph. Ezequador heard and understood. Thanks a lot... My brother isnt king of the wands yet, but I think youve been suspended long enough. Veunic bowed to the new Ezequador. Azarban joined them and bowed to Veunic. I appreciate everything butIm an adult now so I dont care where you teach, I just want you to know I wont, fing, be there to learn. Ezequador spoke again to the mass, I UNDERSTAND THAT THE PRESENT ALUMNI NEED THE TREES TO SURVIVE BUT I MUST FINISH WHAT MY FATHER STARTED. NO ONE OUTSIDE OF THESE ALUMNI IS ALLOWED TO INHALE THE TREES WITHOUT MY PERMISSION, AYST. WERE MOVING AWAY FROM THIS DESERT TO A PLACE WERE I CAN START OUR NEW EMPIRE. They did just-that. New Amolvia was founded 2 days after Ruiens death. The Amolvians partied for a few months and then pretty much went back to normal. Everyone was breathing the trees and Ezequador didnt stick to his word completely; they couldnt get the hang of fetching water instead of feeding the trees and being warmed by them at night. One day, in the fourth month, the Dipsel brothers sailed to a sorceress college called goddess isle to find wives. Every night, there was a party at goddess isle. These chicks were mostly overly conceited witches with mental problems. Some of them werent chicks at all. Some were monsters and some were fairies. Most of them were virgins, and the ones who werent, were total sluts. Azarban had become very heroic and thoughtful in the first four months of his grown-up life. Ruien had taught them all to be thoughtful. He frequently told Joelnaq and Ezequador to be sure that Little was better than them at everything. Thats exactly what they did. As the Amolvian ship hovered across the sea, the Dipsel brothers discussed the case of the missing king. Ezequador, with all thats been said, I still dont understand the fire shield. Can you think of anything else he did before he used the shield? Joelnaq asked with a serious look on his face. 
	How many times must I tell you, uncle Yuity got on his knees and begged dad not to kill him, Dad exploded, then I ran. 
	Oh youve got to be kidding me, Ezequador. That is not what happened! Azarban added. They walked down the stairs and huddled in the balcony on the lower deck. 
	Hey Im the one who saw the whole thing. 
	Then tell us the whole thing. How the hell did dad explode if he ran with the water guy? You probably forgot! Joelnaq reckoned. 
	FORGOT?!... It was a month and a half ago who forgets sh that quick?! 
	YOU... Fin, retard  obviously youve been SNORTIN white-widow dhh! Its been over FOUR months too genius. Joelnaq stated. Little-Azarban hopped onto the handrail of the balcony and tried to slash a passing bird with his blade, redundantly rotating the hilt and executing his signature moves, wasting magic points. 
[LITTLE DOOM-LASHLITTLE BLAST-OFF!] 
	You pus... F you, Azarban, Im tired. Fing, leave me alone, ayst! Ezequador left the discussion, went into his room, and ordered his royal door guy to- Slam the G-d door! Some of you may ask - what happened to Ezequadors brains? If you believe he was hiding something, youre right. On the day of the fall of king Yuity, while the Dipsel brothers were fitting their fathers clothes, he found Ruiens journal. Ezequador had never been under so much pressure in his life, so, hed been extremely irritable since then. As the ship cruised across the sunlit ocean, the Christian priest  Shepherd - was shooting magic-energy bolts at Azarban and Joelnaq. Ruiens journal read that he was going to hire Shepherd to help with baptism in New Amolvia, so, Ezequador kept him around. Ezequador ordered Shepherd to use sorcery on Ban and Joel to heighten the idea of him being an imposter. A blue orb of light struck the Amolvian king Azarban and forced him into a wall. EZZEQUA-DHH...OOF! Joelnaq screamed as Shepherd blasted him into a vase and caused it to shatter. He slowly slid down with his wrist in his back, the palm of his hand to his chest, and the expression of pain on his face. I heard that sh! All that thy brother has done for thee and thou hast tried to call him a liar? Little and Joel just lay there observing and listening as Shepherd spoke. Joelnaq tightened his eyes a bit and peered into Shepherds nostrils. Thats why you have a, FING, booger in your nose. Joelnaq told Shepherd. He breathed heavily and held his hand on the spot hed been shot in. It hurts doesnt it, son-of-a-b? Shepherd asked Joelnaq. MMMOTHER-FFF-ER...! AAA! Joelnaq bawled as he tried to throw a piece of shattered glass at shepherd and missed. He attempted to spit on Shepherd, but Shepherd quickly forced the spit to backfire and crash into his face using psycho kinesis. Deep down they kind o liked him and he absolutely loved them - he was funny to them, but they didnt want to admit it. They were tough; they could handle a little magic. Shepherd, are you kidding me? Do you understand that were right outside Ezequadors bedroom, and that he can, undoubtedly, validate us halving you like a cantaloupe? asked Little Azarban, slowly standing and dusting his pants. Shepherd opened Ezequadors door and hopped into Ezequadors room leaving the door wide open. Azarban drew his royal rapier from his sheath, which matched his royal armor! He aimed at Shepherd and shot a, potent, crackling wave of lightning magic from its tip! Ezequador blocked it with his vambrace. Little, leave him alone. Ezequador said. Whyd you block my sh? For all we know this guy isnt even a priest. You heard him cursing, ayst! DONT lie like you didnt. 
	Whats with you, Azarban? 
	WHATS WITH ME? WHATS WITH Y- Little felt the heat from the vent in Ezequadors room and immediately became defensive of Ezequador. You know, maybe youre right, Ezequador. Joel and I will be in my room if you need anything. Ezequador slammed his door and screamed, I CANT GET ANY SLEEP AROUND HERE! Ezequador opened up a secret spy-hole and looked into it. Shepherd asked, Well f, are they gone? 
	SHHHHHH...! Ezequador shushed Shepherd. Joelnaq followed Azarban to the ships cellar. Now lets solve this, fing, puzzle, shall we. The guy, fing, curses right outside your door - out loud. Youre supposed to be asleep, but youre there to his rescue as soon as he opens the door. You just lie down and you hear a, fing, vase shatter and someones body hitting the wall, right next to your door. Your, fing, candles still, fing, lit the whole, fing, time - wasting wax and sh - Youre up to something. 
	FREEZE HHHHH! yelled Little. He vibrated his palms as he aimed them at the ships furnace. Snow discharged from them and froze the fire in the furnace. He softly cooled the entire ventilation tube. After gradually leaping up eighteen feet to reach the passageway at the end of the shaft, he crawled through to eaves drop on Shepherd and Ezequador. When he settled at Ezequadors vent and looked through, he saw Shepherd reading from Ruiens journal. [The holy spirit gives you your abilities, not thy stupid attitudes! God provides a living for you, not wealth! - Dont ever judge another man for he doesnt have to prove anything to anyone but God.] After he read this, Shepherd began to worry a bit and stopped reading. Ezequador stared at him. I know what youre about to ask. I wont let them hurt you; you have my word. Burrr! Thats weird; its cold for some reason. 
	Master, this is THEIR fathers journal too. 
	And theyll soon have it to read themselves, Shepherd Continue- Azarban punched the vent off its hinges, pointed at Shepherd, and yelled, Aahhaa, ya sons o bes! Amolvian ships could also fly with enough heat in the furnace and a bit of magic. There was a flying captain and a sailing captain. The flying captain and the engineer both walked into Ezequadors room with an emergency. Sire, someone froze the furnace the flying captain reported. He bowed to Azarban, who was about to sink them, and apologized for disrupting them. Dont, fing, look at me! It was Joelnaq! said Little-Azarban prior to sliding back to the duct and slowly descending back down to the cellar - as light as a feather. Joel, you, fing, snitch. 
	What? 
	No seriously, Ezequadors pissed! He thinks you blew out the furnace you might as well take the blame, dude, bummer. Nobodys gonna believe the king would do something like this ya know? 
	Who? 
	I tried to, fin, back you up, man, but he wouldnt listen to me. He was just like - GO GET THAT WAX-WAISTING F! 
	No he wasnt, I was right behind you, ya, fin, noodle! 
	Oh shhhh! said Little-Azarban as he abandoned Joelnaq. Joelnaq frolicsomely went after him. Little laughed and yelled I COULDNT HANDLE THE PRESSURE! AAH! They were still kids at heart so when they passed Ezequador he joined in on the horse playing and went after Little lightheartedly. Azarban ran up high and they pursued him all the way to the tip of the mast. The ship set ashore on goddess isle and the Queen of the island  Suola - was sparring with two sorceresses at one time to the left of the ship. Azarban hopped from the top of the ship to the beach in front of the ship and ran toward the Queen. He dropped his blade and kept onward. HEY, STOP! the queen ordered him. F YOU! THEYRE GONNA KICK MY ASS. HA-MOVE! said Azarban. He shoved Suola into the two students with whom she had been sparring. As she was re-establishing her balance, Joelnaq interlocked his arms around her and looked into her eyes. Patiently, he grinned and gently kissed her on the lips. He was very smooth about it though. She could barely raise her hand to slap him, physically weakened by his stunning charm! She was so surprised she froze-up in shock. Mmhmm... Priceless, Ill be back for you as soon as we bury my little brother in the sand ok wait right here. He slowly set her onto the warm sand and went after Azarban. She caught up with him and tried to slash him, but he ducked and rolled off. She attempted to blast him with magic, but he evaded it with a back flip and levitated atop of a palm tree. Sorry, precious, but youre so magnetically attractive that Id rather live to steal another kiss. 
	OUGH...! Youre DEAD! she declared, enraged. She missed three more times. Hey? Do I need an apple that bad? Joelnaq quickly inquired with a fantastical grin on his face as he held her blade still with telekinesis. He let go. The queen swallowed her pride and laughed, unable to hold it. She dropped her blade and walked over to Joelnaq. Joelnaq exhaled in her face wittily. This also brought her to laughter. Wheres Azarban? My friend says she wants to get with him. Ezequador asked, with his arms around the two students. AAAAAAAH...! Azarbans voice was heard clearly from Ezequadors room aboard the ship, thats pretty loud by the way. Ezequador and Joelnaq rushed to the ship. LET ME GO! Azarban shouted at Shepherd. I know but just cool it, man. Its not that, fing, big of a deal ayst. Shepherd uttered softly to cheer him up. Ezequador busted into his room and asked, What is going on, Azarban? How did you get in here you were justHowd you get past me? Azarban sniffled as he gave an explanation, I, fingtricked Shepherd into reading Dads journal for me by saying you ordered him to. It said the devil was gonna abandon us, and we were gonna break our necks. Ezequador looked at Shepherd heatedly! What? I started reading were we left off. Shepherd explained. Azarban, thats why you shouldnt sneak around like that,. Ezequador told Little. Amolvian Sorcery has been converted into holy magic called miracles. The devil has already abandoned us. If I ever have to go to war, Im making you my spy. concluded Ezequador. 
	Weve gotta arrest this sleazebag for abandoning us... Whos the devil? asked Little. Little, Joel, and Shepherd laughed together for the first time and everyone left the ship to go hang out. Ruiens Journal was left unguarded on Ezequadors bed. No one wanted it anyway. After the Dipsel brothers stayed and partied a few days, Suola and Joelnaq became very close. Joelnaq, I want you to meet my father. Suola solicited. 
	Pharaoh? He doesnt want to see me... Alright, but as long as I can bring Ezequador hes my bodyguard. Azarban waved goodbye to the queens ship as it set sail. Suola and Joelnaq cuddled for a split second, then they were interrupted by a splash of liquor hitting Suolas shoulder. Ezequador was the drunkest man there, and with all of his bodyguards. EGYPTIAN CHICKS HERE WE COME, WHOOO! Ezequador yelled. Suola was irritated and looked at Joelnaq as if she needed him to get him under control. What? Hes Lethal... Look. my brother just wanted some company. He doesnt want to watch us make out the entire trip. 
Little Azarban was being given a future wife assembly by the entire sorceress college. Beautiful women lined up for a chance to graduate early and become royalty. It was like they were trying to get drafted to go pro or something. They danced for him, they French kissed him, and gave him massages. My lord, Amolvias being overrun by ghosts! Theyre burning things and drowning people. 
	Veunic said their names were Jinns, or do you know a Jinni?
	Sh no I dont know emOh shNONOT NOW! Are you sure? 
	The leading ghost asked for you and your brothers. We must hurry back before their patience has run out. Forgive us, your majesty. Meanwhile, Ezequador and Joelnaq approached the pharaohs gate as if it were their own. Joelnaq playfully slid the tip of his sword across the ground between the gate guy and himself. Cross that line motherfer - Its, fin, over. 
	Princess Suola...? Who is this man...? 
	Uh, hi, my names Joel. I was just- 
	SILENCE...! 
	Dude, who the F are you yellin at? Ezequador asked the gate guy. The gate guy flew across the throne room and slammed up against Bastets footstool. Ewe..! Theres a dead dogs head on that guys face. Is he sleeping? Joelnaq stated as he walked toward the pharaoh with Ezequador and Suola by his side. Suola was sort of adopted by Amun Ra. He wasnt her real dad. Alright, enough with the g jokes, crow-boy; Take off the g mask...!
	Hes half monster, baby. Suola notified Joel.
	MY daughter, no way...! said Amun Ra. These guys were half monster and half sorcerer. They guided the Egyptians and nurtured them so well; they had no choice but to worship them. I HEARD THAT REMARK, A. SHES HER OWN WOMAN! 
	Father, I would like to request that Joelnaq be excused from the obstacle course. 
	NO Suola! If you marry this nincompoop, Joelnaq, he must prove himself to ME! 
	Call my brother a nincompoop again, and Im gonna snatch that beak off your face. Then youll have to mumble to communicate... Nincompoop! 
	Listen... spares me the crap, chirpy, I know about your STUPID little obstacle course. 
	Why dont you go give it a try? Thats the ONLY way my daughters leaving that school. As for YOU, brother, youre on. Amun challenged Ezequador. Im what? Ezequador asked as his rapier slowly slid up from his scabbard and trailed his elevated hand. [SHHHHHHHINGGGG!] Snatch my beak off. Amun Ra teased as he smirked. Ughh...! Now you look like a, fing, sea turtle. Screw thee, how about that, beaky?! I dont give a sh! Joelnaq teased Amun. No, b me, you Nincompoops! Amun Ra told them. Pecker
	Donkey
	Whats a donkey? Say something in English I dont understand tweetYoure fowl. 
	Father- Suola butted in, to get Amun Ras attention. She drew her blade and attempted to cut through Ezequadors armor. When the blade made contact with his armor, it broke. Amolvian armor was as hard as a rock. Amun Ra knew that they couldve been Ruiens sons; He immediately changed his heart, but kept a bad-attitude-driven look to begin testing them for answers. Bastet was self-assured, and the truth was clear to her. She rapidly tapped her fingernails against the armrest, one-by-one, as she lounged in her throne. Osiris was slightly busy giving advice to the farmers. He had butterflies in his belly from the moment Soula arrived. He was like her good uncle. Anubis, the bad uncle, was lounging and hoping that nothing bad would happen to Joelnaq and Ezequador. Anubis wasnt evil at all. He was just a guy with a dogs head - and an alcoholic. Ya know what, Pharaoh? Im gonna show you that Im worthy, anyway. Ya, fin, noodle! Joelnaq said to Amun Ra. The gate guy led Joelnaq to the obstacle course, and Ezequador stayed behind to check out the hieroglyphs. As he looked at the hieroglyphs, he noticed the hieroglyphic guy painting new stories. He went over to visit with him. Hey, hieroglyph dude, what ya drawin? The hieroglyphic guy pointed to the area he began the story in. When I saw you and Joelnaq arrive with princess Suola, I was inspired to do the beginning, Ezequador studied the shapes and grew very displeased. Most of these are true stories. The hieroglyphic guy added. Put some more action in em. This shs, fin, stiff. Ezequador ruined over thirty hieroglyphical stories that day. It was one of the greatest disasters in Egyptian history. The pillars, the walls, and even the bathrooms were all re-painted. It was as if some guy doodled over a history book picture. Since theyre all disturbing, Im only going to describe a few. A chick with enormous boobs vomiting at the sight of Amun Ra smirking; Ezequador mopping a floor using Amun Ras decapitated head on the end of his rapier; the frames were divided with lines, so, it seemed as if he was, actually, mopping up the old hieroglyphs that included Amuns  chipped off - legend and the Egyptian confederacy... Another new addition was... An Amolvian ship flying off with a pyramid labeled, Amuns Tomb. The hieroglyph guy found that hed had a sense of humor, for the first time in his life. He felt safe with Ezequador, so, he begged Ezequador to hire him. Oh, I was gonna kidnap you anyway, dude. Youre priceless! That sh wouldve taken centuries without you! Ezequador explained. Amuns throne sat shifted toward his obstacle course-viewing binoculars, which mounted in his footstool. They extended to the upper left of it on a metal shaft. The binoculars were custom-designed for his bird head. The obstacle course was in a cavern about 20 feet below ground. There was a large opening underneath the thrones allowing the pharaoh to view the entire cavern. It was like a skybox with no windows. Amun pretended to anticipate Joelnaqs funeral. Osiris, Anubis, and Bastets thrones shifted alike. They had binoculars, as well. There were also telescopes installed in the footstools. Amun-Ra, this is not a good idea. I mean, what if he isnt like Ruien. 
SHH! Hell be fine. When Ezequador returned to the throne room, Amun told him, Thats your, fing, telescope, BIATCH. Come, and see your brother quit...! as he pointed his finger at Osiriss telescope with his eyes, still, in his binoculars. Ezequador backhanded Osiris with a strong thrust! Then, he grabbed him by his waists and hurled him into Amuns binoculars, causing the shaft to bend and the lenses to crack. See that...! Ezequador ruled. Bastet hissed with her cat-like mouth as she transformed into a small black cat and hopped into Amuns lap. Anubis tried to hurry up and escape by transforming into a dog. He dashed around his throne, and headed toward the door. WHI-WIDOW DHHHH...! Ezequador balled his fists, stretched out his arms toward Anubis, and shot a white dust cloud from his knuckles. He vibrated his arms to show that he was an Amolvian sorcery alumnus. He wasnt really trying to reach Anubis with the blast. He was only trying to intimidate him, so, he discontinued it when he saw that Anubis had already begun running. He SNATCHED off a piece of Amuns shirt and, with it; he slapped the grass and leaves off Osiris throne and onto the floor. Then, he peacefully sat in the throne and looked into the binoculars. Amun, just, stared at him with his beak wide-open like: WHERE, and WHO, do you think you are...? Put your money where your beak is, biotch...! GO JOELNAQ...! WHOOOO...! Ezequador cheered. 
HMMM-OOOH! Joelnaq moaned as he stretched his body across a self-made massager. Hed rigged one of the booby traps and bent all of the mechanical-ascending spears forward. When they arose from the ground, the spears that were bent forward couldnt descend any longer. Then, he covered them with a magical bubble. When they banged up against the floor, they caused the bubble to vibrate. Ezequador, youve got to try this. Ahhhh... Joelnaq moaned with satisfaction. 
	CUT THEM OFF...! Amun ordered his guards. Amun Ras guards removed the dogs from the giant hamster-wheels. 
	EY! WHO CUT OFF THE MASSAGE...? Joelnaq yelled as he hopped on his feet. 
	HURRY UP AND DIE- ALREADY! Amun Ra yelled. 
	Dude, that human-grinder nearly got me. There was, fing, fire, axes, drills, saws, and all kinds of sh, dude! I jumped over the switch, though, cause it was , like, all in one crunch. DUDE, there was this rat- right?! It, fing, hopped over a spear-hole and landed on the human-grinder switch... Fing, all I saw was flames and blood streaks. You guys might wanna get that cleaned up before it smells too. Those arrow shooters were, fing, crap; I walked right-through them! Joelnaq, eagerly, told the guards as they led him back into the throne room. Bastet leapt from within Amuns lap into Ezequadors lap. Ezequador lifted her up by the neck. She tried to hold onto him with her claws. Then, he threw her back into Amuns lap. This caused her to, immediately, transform back from full-cat, to cat-headed woman. WHAT...? HOW, IN HELL, DID HE SURVIVE? Amun cried. 
	I flew... Joelnaq alleged with a big grin and a light chuckle. 
	ENOUGH...! Bastet yelled at Amun. Amun grunted and stood upright. 
	Youre the sons of the warlord Ruien Dipsel. I knew your father. Ezequador wasnt surprised because hed been reading Amuns body language. Hed also read about them in Ruiens journal, but he wasnt sure. They were Ruiens best friends. The journal read... [This is what you should know when visiting the king of pharaohs. He will know youre my boys, on sight, so, dont attack him. Osiris is as light as a pinecone, so, throw him into Amuns binoculars. They should break because theyre always trying to extort money from me through property damages. Anubis will morph and run off. He isnt gonna leave the room, though; for the trees are near the thrones, behind a secret door. Bastet will also morph, but shes going to hop into your lap and nearly scratch your balls off if your try moving her.] 
	He used to spend the night here, and he would sleep in the obstacle course using the same massage-bubble method, ha-ha. He, also, met Anara here. Bastet added. 
	So, what...? Joelnaq asked Bastet. 
	He told us about his encounter with the angel. Im sure you know what he wants you to do with us. 
	Is there anything youd like to say to Suola before we go? Ezequador asked. 
	Eukarhil Baahkee the magnificent is ambushing New Amolvia as we speak. Theres no time for goodbyes! DO IT...! Anubis ordered Ezequador. Ezequador opened a hidden door, and inside, were two small, potted trees. He grabbed one and threw it to Joelnaq. Joelnaq caught it and asked, Whats going on, Ezequador? Ezequador grabbed the other tree and began to cry heavily like he didnt want to even touch it. 
	They were sweet to our father. Suola knew dad, Joel. Shes perfect for you. Im happy for you, little brother. Joelnaq felt bad for being disrespectful to Amun. 
	OHH! I cant do it, Ezzy. Joel griped after realizing why he was holding the tree. 
	We cant just leave Joel order. Every counterfeit tree-of-life is Amolvian property. Ezequador hugged the four throne occupants and walked the tree to the Amolvian ship, never turning to look back. Joelnaq was younger and tighter with his father, so, his farewell was a lot longer. His sh was like a half-hour long. Fing...He nearly had to be dragged out, he was so devastated. I never got the chance to say: I love you. Joelnaq got on his knees and cried. 
We love you to, Joelnaq. Now GO! Were monsters, not human beings. We shouldnt be living anyway. Joelnaq asked one of the guards to hold the tree and follow him out. Suola grabbed the basket of things shed packed from her old bedroom. She wiped tears from Joelnaqs cheeks as he held his head down and headed for the front entrance. As Suola snuggled with Joelnaq and they exited the doorway, Bastet morphed again. She hopped into Amuns lap and meowed one last time before they all collapsed - completely transforming into a cloud of dust. A famous conqueror, named Eukarhil, stood alone on the goddess isle beach as Suolas ship set ashore. When Joelnaq saw Eukarhil, he tried to hurry up and get off the boat. Yet, rather, he was entangled in a redundant rope that was on the ship for no, fing, reason. As he unraveled, he hollered, HEY...! DONT MOVE, YA, FIN, FROG! MAN, WHEN I GET LOOSE...! Joelnaq staggered onto the beach. He, awkwardly, drew his rapier from his scabbard after a few desperate tugs. Joel grew stunned after finding that Ezequador was already behind Eukarhil. Ezequador put his Amolvian knife-edge into his Adams apple. Eukarhil held his hands up to assure that he wasnt armed. Wheres the tree, Eukarhil? Ezequador asked. 
	How did you know my name? What tree...? Eukarhil asked. Joelnaq popped Eukarhil on the forehead with a rubber band. 
	Let us do the interrogating, loser. 
	Mr. magnificent, I wasnt expecting you to show up. Wheres your army? Suola asked as she drew near them. 
	Suola, daughter of Amun Ra I surrender. The tree is in my boat- over there. Your brother, Azarban, whitewashed my army. I have no food, no water, and no transportation. Please, help me. Im sorry. Eukarhil began to weep and beg for forgiveness. Ezequador had mercy and unequipped his knife. 
	Eukarhil, I was just doing my job. I didnt want to slit your throat. I just wanted the last tree. Ezequador explained. Take Suolas boat and my servants back to Egypt, and well use your boat. Its only a 5 hour trip. Ezequador told Eukarhil. 
You did the right thing, Eukarhil. Youre alive; you still have your life. 
Joelnaq concluded. 
THANK YOU...! I WILL DEFEND NEW AMOLVIA FOREVER! WE WILL ALWAYS BE ALLIES! Eukarhil yelled as Ezequador rowed the boat across the ocean. Eukarhil went rogue and started robbing everybody: Monsters, pregnant teenage-girls, little fat-girls. Later that night, he was found dead with a cup of HIYE-YAA in his hand. There were, like, eighty knifes in his back, too. When Joelnaq, Little-Azarban, and Ezequador were reunited, they sent for a jinni capturer, named Aladdin. On the New Amolvian beach, they sat together in their outdoor thrones and watched for his ship. They were also roasting each other and roasting some of the ragged ships that passed by. When he arrived, Aladdin was snazzy as sh. His turban was all white with jewel buttons. He had on a white tie, with no shirt and no shoes. He also had on some jockey shorts with a scarf wrapped around them. Aladdin, what the hell are you wearing. Go put some clothes on, sugar. Suola taunted. The Amolvian alumni bellowed with laughter. For your information, Eukarhil the magnificents ghosts, just, teamed up with 2 monsters and robbed me. I didnt know thered be pirates. How come no one warned me? Aladdin asked over the Amolvian childrens mocking. 
	Oh we were going to, dude - but - they havent invented the telephone yet... An anonymous voice uttered from within the crowd of Amolvians. The Amolvians roared with laughter. So, on the serious side, where do you get the material for a magic lamp? Ezequador asked. 
	I dont know, dude. I found the, fin, thing in a cave. 
	Where? 
	I have NO clue. Some African guy used me as a, fin, pawn and blindfolded me the entire way. I was just trying to get the treasure... 
	G-Dit, Aladdin...! Ezequador whispered. 
Amongst those who had left Goddess Isle with Azarban, was Jahva. Jahva was a Jinni capturer like Aladdin. During Eukarhils ambush of New Amolvia, she captured the leading ghost inside the crystal ball on the tip of her wand. Jahva was a VERY voluptuous woman with VERY nice skin. She was also VERY shy and flimsy. Ezequador wanted her and he couldnt fight the urge to say, Jahva, get over here with that breathtaking physique! You almost killed me! I saw you and forgot how to breathe! F it...! Just let me die. When youre ready to fly back to heaven give me a ride- will ya...? 
	Huh? What are you talking about? I cannot fly. Jahva answered. She wiped her nose with the back of her wrist. Aww, you poor angel... Bumped your head so hard when you fell from heaven you got amnesia... Ezequador responded. He peered into Jahvas eyes as though he was really sorry and not so full of sh. The sun had begun setting by this time. Jahva held up her wand between them. She shook it up a bit to spook Eukarhils ghost chief, who was shrunken and held captive inside the crystal ball that was attached to its tip. Oh, so, you were the one who captured the leader? Ezequador asked. The chief ghost, who was unbearably ugly, mugged Ezequador. He growled. Rage, rapidly, filled his heart as he mugged. Ezequador, gently, took Jahvas wand saying, Lemme see this, sweetie. You should make me dinner sometime. One sec- He asked Jahva to excuse him and looked into the crystal ball. WHERES THE LAST TREE, MOTHERFER? yelled Ezequador as he, roughly, shook the wand. The ghost, who was unbearably ugly, smiled. Theres more than one; theres, like, thirty more, biatch! 
	LIE to me again and Im gonna ROAST your punk ass like a, FIN, hot dog. The ghost chief jumped back, like: (Damn, dude, I wasnt even lyin) Hes not lying. SH! Hes serious. Ezequador exclaimed. HEY, EZEQUADOR, TAKE A LOOK AT THIS! yelled Azarban as he left the Amolvian blacksmiths hut. He had constructed a double-bitted axe with the help of Aladdin and Joelnaq. It was made with normal blades, but installed within the handle were twelve slots that were made from the gold that formulated Aladdins lamp. The inside of the slots were hollow, like the inside of a pipe, but they were divided with twelve miniature golden barriers. Azarban levitated the axe using telekinesis. Amolvians couldnt touch Aladdins lamp, or Jahvas crystal ball, or theyd be shrunken by them and imprisoned in them- according to Ruiens journal. There wasnt a name given to the axe, so, I call it the cursed axe. Ezequador called for Veunic the Amolvian pre-school trainer as he and his brothers lounged around in their outdoor-thrones. Veunic showed up with a pair of Amolvian glasses on his face and had a homing wand equipped. Whats shakin, Ezzy...? Veunic asked. 
	Let me know how cool my Gawndihowl is... Ezzy answered. 
	IT WOULD BE MY PLEASURE. Veunic responded. 
	GAWNDIHOWL MORPH! yelled Ezequador. Then, Joelnaq yelled the same words following Ezequador. [POOF]; [POOF]; Ezequador morphed into a holy priest, and Joelnaq became a holy guard. A, transparent, blue flame surrounded Ezequadors entire body. It was like the flame of a cigarette lighter, or a gas stove. Joelnaq was also flaming, but his sword was on fire as well. Ezequador, now, only had on white a robe with gold patches in an indescribable design. The gems in Joelnaqs converted fur-armor twinkled like a sunlit river with every nudge he made. The holy fire that surrounded Ezzy and Joel comforted all Azarban, Aladdin, and Veunic. Then - all of a sudden - an Amolvian sentry approached the Dipsel brothers and yelled, MY LORD, QUEEN SUOLAS BEEN CAPTURED. An African man named Bahkee was a 70-foot, sandstorm-tornado bodied sandman. HE had all but one of the remaining counterfeit trees of life whirling around the inside of his body. Hed captured queen Suola on her way to the Amolvian privy: he was almost as big a bully as Eukarhil. He was so big and there were so many trees flaring inside his body that everywhere he went appeared to be a hot day, although it was a cold night. He carried Suola to an abandoned 50-foot bamboo watchtower in the middle of the desert, put her on its tiptop, and just stood there. There was some sort of banshee supremacy in effect and he was waiting for an unknown ally to help him bribe the Amolvians! The watchtower was fractured and ragged, with a narrow upper section. The lower section only had three beams supporting it; there were four when it was first built. Azarban had three weapons equipped when he located Bahkee: The cursed axe, a heavy Amolvian sword, and an Amolvian hatchet. He came to a halt in front of Bahkee, tossed his sword on the ground to his left, and tossed his hatchet on the ground to his right. Then, he used telekinesis to make it seem as if hed thrown the cursed axe over his right shoulder by mimicking poorly rehearsed hand motions. The axe was heavy, so, it fell into the sand swiftly. Bahkee looked down to him and responded with his, sizzling, giant-windy voice, SON OF RUIEN, I APPLAUD YOUR BRAVERY, YET I WILL BE FORCED TO MURDER THEE IF THOU SHOULDEST NOT BOW TO ME! 
	Ha-you look like a Chiropteran, dude...! Ha-give memy, FING, trees, half-wit! You dont scare me! Azarban lifted all three of his weapons at once with telekinesis. His magic points were draining faster than usual as he used telekinesis to rotate the weapons around himself; so, Suola gave him all of her magic points. Which ever ones in front of me when you strike will be the one Im gonna f you up with...! CMON! Dont tap out now, BAHKEE! Little-Azarban, eagerly, provoked Bahkee. Bahkee was EXTRA delighted to have the opportunity to pound someone with weaponry hed never seen before so he slammed his fist into the sand and tried to thump Azarban! Azarban, telekinetically, shielded himself with the cursed axe. When Bahkees finger connected with the axe, he and every tree he had inside his body immediately shrunk, and the axe soaked them in forever! HAHA-HAA...! HOW STUPID WAS THAT GUY? Azarban celebrated. He ran up the watchtower like a squirrel after un-equipping all of his weapons. The moon lit the freezing desert as Azarban carried Suola down far enough to where she wouldnt have to do anything but hop onto the sand. As soon as Suola could get one entire foot onto the sand, Azarban immediately had a fatal seizure. The cursed axe seized his ghost. Every monster, sorcerer, and weapon - once aided by Lucifer - immersed into the cursed axe- shrunken as the Jinnis were in Aladdins lamp. The Amolvians went into a separate slot from the black magic abusers and monsters. Quanpoo went to the black magic slot. The Amolvians got all of the other trees. Joelnaq and a sorcerer named Hades go into the black magic slot along with Azarban. Hades was holding on to a jewel that wasnt allowed entry. Lastly, the cursed axe swallowed Jahvas ghost, the student that Suola was most proud of, into the slot with the Amolvians. Suola cried because she knew she wasnt going to see Joelnaq again. As the rain grew heavier, she wept and held Little-Azarbans body tightly in her arms. Suddenly, an angel, named Edit, who could sing with five voices at once - like a one-man choir - appeared to her and sang to her- shifting from one voice to harmonizing all of his voices every time he sang the chorus. Then he started transforming martial arts into dances with his unique fighting style- hyper jutsu. His halo was like the fire shield  enclosing his entire body - but it was more like fireworks blasting out of his lucid force field; it only appeared and faded away when he moved. He was singing about how God owns everything he makes. It was a song of all songs; it eased her longings for Joelnaq too. He wore modern-day mercenary attire, with magic guitar strings attached to his flak jacket. They glittered and seemed to play by themselves. Suola wasnt as cold as she knew she shouldve been. She stopped crying after the water got to her neck. She pulled Azarbans head above the water, to get one last look at him, before she had to swim off in search of survival. She was very athletic, and a tough woman, strong on the inside. Edits voice was powerful and softer than the softest of male singers. He sang to her for four hours. The more she swam, and the louder he sang, the weaker she became. HELP ME! PLEASE, MY GOD...! She cried, numb and terrified. MM-H-H... H-H-THANK YOU! She thanked him, for comforting her. He left her, and as soon as he did, the water froze her to death, instantly. One of the sons of Lucifer, Incubus, intentionally went inside the cursed axe. He was making music with his mouth and break dancing the entire way. The sons and daughters of Lucifer, who had the ability to exit the axe whenever they wanted, since they all had angelic brainpower or mental capacity, helped Hades conquer the black magic slot. Hades claimed it was his underworld. He had a pipe organ next to his throne that echoed throughout the entire slot. Hades grim organist filled the slot and Joels ears with some of the underworlds best. It was, like, one note every 5 seconds and one brief chord every half-hour. The horrible music played endlessly. The first night, Joelnaq fought hundreds of monsters and sorcerers with his magic blade that seemed to fight alone! He searched for his wife and his brothers for hours. He was still Gawndihowled and still hot. He kept kidnapping sorcerers and forcing them to lead him to Hades castle. They kept setting him up instead. They ambushed him, tried to get him eaten by colossal monsters, and told lies on him when he neared their camps so everyone would attack him. AZARBAN, he called and sought after them for months! EZEQUADOR...! What is this place? Finally, after over eighty setups, one sorcerer tapped out. Joelnaq spared his life and let him go free. The castle was atop of an old-grey rocky mountain with dim clouds surrounding it. The atmosphere was so gloomy that even Joelnaq was a little spooked. They got me effedup. He muttered. Then he saw Hades guards chasing Aladdin up the narrow trail that led to the castles entrance. Aladdin got jammed in front of the castles doorway. He tried to shake them off and dive off the cliff to go back down the path. They detained him. Joel laughed a bit, but stopped when they opened the doors. So thats where that awful noise is coming from. F Hades - Im about to kill the conductor...rightNOW! He stormed toward the trail and rehearsed his swing as the doors slowly closed above him. Holy fire outlined his body as he grumbled and progressed. He peeked around the corner into the throne room; there was Hades, shivering-cold in his throne. He wheezed, sneezed, and coughed. There was only one walkway to the throne. A pool of boiling-hot oil encircled the throne and walkway. Is this true? Did you claim to have created MY underworld? The guards felt him trembling in fear as they held him still. Joelnaq couldnt believe what he was seeing. Aladdin, NO! Lie dude! whispered Joelnaq. Joelnaq hadnt seen Aladdin since the day he and Ezzy, first, Gawndihowled. Little-Azarban, weakened and blinded, did all he could to stop Hades guards. WUN, DOOWD. WET HIM GO! He ordered as he clobbered the left shoulder blade of the guard to Aladdins right. He was too small and too weak; therefore, his efforts remained disregarded. 
 This isnt your underworld; actually, I helped design this place. You can have it, though. Its all good. All I want is my friend and directions to the nearest exit. 
	Throw him to the lions, and when the lions are finished eating, [Achoo] throw the lions to the monsters. ordered Hades, as if Aladdin was worthless. 
	Yasmin was gonna kill me anyway. Aladdin sighed as he dreaded his surprising destiny. Hades grew horns on his forehead. He humbly took the pain supposing the Gods were giving him back his true image. That was nothing - compared to the pain - he endured internally. DO YOU KNOW HOW IT FEELS TO BE A GOD, ALADDIN? YOU CANNOT PLAY WITH THE GODS, BOY! Hades yelled, weak and ill. Joel turned away. The pain in his saddened heart ventilated through his quivering face as a flow of unstoppable tears fell from his eyes. He turned back to eavesdrop on Hades. A winged lion cub, with an inculpable and cunning swagger, landed in the castle doorway. He purred, looked inside, and approached Joel. With a comforting child-like voice, he said, Joelnaq, I am Zybu- a holy spy-cherub. Joelnaq jumped and turned around. 
 I am of God, and youre GETTING THAT TREE. I have your mothers bones inside me as we speak. And in order to get them to Super Amolvia,
	Wait a sec. You know where the exit is? Wait - Cough up my moms bones....
	Listen...the only way out is to be patient. Christ has to find us first, so he can revive Anara.
	And how long will this take?
	Like, a millennium or two...dozenmultiplied by 5times another dozen...and a half
	Seriously...! CMON - theres gotta be another way.
	No, unfortunately, there isnt. But, Ill be here. Itll be fun. Im a funny guy.
	Talking lion, obey your conscience.
	ZYBU
	Yea: whatever. How do I know this isnt a setup? Joel asked. Zybu, abruptly, looked at Joel as if they were wasting valuable time. Joelnaq, Im here to revive Anara. If this is a setup, then, dude, youre one unfortunate son-of-a-gun.
	You got a point there, Zybu.
	Look at your brother.
	My brother? Where?
Zybu pointed his paw toward Azarban. HMMMMH-H-HMMPHIYMMMMNGH! Azarban was a thumb-sized winged-infant, puffing cries like a puppy, because he could not have his way. He was in a tug-of-war battle with one of Hades guards. They were fighting over a crumb cake. Starve him to death, hes not good for anything anyway. Hades ordered. Yeah, he cant even talk. Hades guard instigated as he held the cake down - against the table - with one hand. GIMME A PEICE, DOOOD...! Little-Azarban yelled. The guard let go, shocked, as Azarban ran off with the crumb cake and hopped off the table leaving behind footprints from his dirty bare-feet. Moments later, Little-Azarban climbed back - atop of the table  aged to an adorable and highly intelligent one-year-old. He crawled around the guard, then up onto his shoulders, and covered his eyes with his little hands. Guess who.
	The fairy-kid thing who just stole my crumb cake?
	Mope - Ihss God - woure going to heww, dood!
	No Im not.
	Buww-cwap He said bullcrap in the same tone as the guards response to his allegation. Thats a, friggin, butterfly, isnt it? Joelnaq asked Zybu. Its Little, Joelnaq. He was Gawndihowled against his will.
	THATS AZARBAN?
	Yes!
	It does kinda have his ears.
 The only reason he isnt hot like you, is so I can test to see if Hades is going to change before Christ boards the axe. Azarban is immortal. He is just weak, for he hath not charged up. Azarban just needs a pure heart to charge in- Hes fine and, overall, undying. We are the same types of cherubs: Spy Cherubs. The more we eat, the more we age. Im full-blooded though. Zybu went into Joelnaqs heart and charged up. When he came out, he was cleaner and outlined with holy fire. A Shiny, red, steel body-armor and helmet was now also upon Zybu. See! The same thing goes for Azarban. Before Zybu could fully say Azarban, Joelnaq sighed in relief. The axe...? Oh yea! That is right. Aladdin DID just say something about the axe we designed before all this.
	Mmhmm, now look at Hades. His state is the opposite of the one you are in.
	Hes cold That guy should see a doctor!
	Exactly-o-mundo...! And if Azarban isnt clean by the time Christ gets here, hell be dust-bunny food. Zybu flapped his little wings to rid them of the dust and lent that overwhelmed them. [GRRRRRRR!] I  SO - hate it when my wings get linty, 
	Why am I stuck like this?
	Oh yea! Your Gawndihowl is irreversible at the moment. God doesnt want to lose you. And for the record, I work for God. And were in no position to be wasting time. Zybu, swiftly, charged out of the castle with a thunderous baby-roar. Joelnaq took a deep breath. He grabbed his flaming blade and jolted out behind Zybu. When he came to a halt at the cliff, his holy fur emitted sinking-glitter that faded away after a few seconds. Wait! ZYBU, WHERE ARE YOU GOING? 
	I know this might sound weird, but Im going to eat Aladdin so we can bring him back, and I can grow big enough to protect you. 
	What...? You, backstabin, little runt...! Joelnaq joked. Zybu - with his wings elevating him - came to a brief halt, and turned facing Joel. 
	GO HIDE, Joelnaq. Ill meet up with you in 20 - maybe 30 - minutes.
	YOU TWO-TIMER! NOBODY KNOWS WHAT A MINUTE IS! WHATS THAT TRAITOR TALK? YOU WONT FIND ME! Joelnaq joked. Zybu went into Hades lion chamber and waited for them to throw in Aladdins corpse. He didnt hide, or anything. He was, also, the only cub in the entire chamber. Zybu was a bit of a prankster. He arranged the other lions in a line behind him, sat up-right in front of them, and faced the door to the chamber. That way hed be the first one the guards would notice. When they opened the door to the chamber, the guards were like, Hey, thats a cute little cub. Why are his eyes so, happy? 
	Ahn, I donno Lets get back to da boss before we dont get to eat again. Aladdins unconscious body flew in up-side-down and nearly landed on Zybu. Jee-sus Christ...! Watch where youre throwing that thing... Zybu mumbled as he ducked. The guards shut the door, locked it, and kept gossiping. Boy Ill be glad when somebody assassinates that jerk.
	You and me, both...! Oh thats right - He told us to feed all the lions to the monsters.
	And you EMPATHIZE that crap? Thats the Un-godliest crap Ive ever heard: Feed the lions to the monsters; thats like sayin feed the sharks tda whales. Uhn-Uhn; Im not doing that. I refuse. No way, Jose N-O-P- 
	F you, I wanna eat. 
	Oh this is bullsh!
	Cmon make it quick. I need this for my promotion.
	Whatre you gettin promoted to? Mannequin oda year...? I do all the work.
	Bullsh! 
	Get outta here, youre fired. 
	Pshthh Thank you! If I had to work for you, Id take an Amolvian wand, put it to my head, and blow my, friggin, brains out with it. As the guards argued, one of them unlocked the lion-chamber door and opened it. Zybu was seven times the size of an average adult male-lion. Hed eaten all the other lions along with Aladdin. The guards were stunned. They stood side-by-side as Zybus giant mouth opened up and emitted a, rumbling, beastly yawn. Hey, can you guys get that piece of meat from between my teeth? asked Zybu. NO They answered simultaneously. Zybus comforting angelic-voice begged once again, Pwetty pwease...? 
	Hell n-
	Wait! Whatre you doing? Maybe we can trick Hades into goin in there. Think 
	Yea, sure, well do it. Open your mouth. Zybu opened his mouth and roared as loud as he could. The vibrating-airwaves that left his lungs blew the guards out of the picture like a hurricane. Little-Azarban crawled upon Hades lap and cried for help saying, Wou must weepenn! I hafTo sharge! Like Hades was his best friend. Hades laughed. Little bit him and hid. O.k., readers, this may shock you a bit. Remember that Amolvian king, Yuity? Well, Yuity was helping Ruien, and Ruien knew it the whole time they were scrapping. Yuity was pretending to be on a power trip. He could have announced how Ruien broke the law in front of the entire alumni and caused them to jump him. Now, you know where Ban and Joel are, so, lets take a look inside the Super Amolvia slot, shall we? 
Completely regenerated New Amolvia - now called Super Amolvia  lit with evolved souls shielded by holy fire. The palace, the arena, the beach, the ocean, and every Amolvian house were all in mint-condition. Ezequador controlled its personal sun and moon. They all had their weapons. The Amolvian alumni equipped the wands, swords, and all. Most of the males wore all-white satin-robes. The others still had on the same-old furs and armor. Some of the females wore pink satin-robes. It was day. Ezequadors Gawndihowl had- been reversed. He lounged in his arena throne with his same fur-armor, yet the fur was white. It was like heaven, but full of a bunch of, friggin, heathens. Ruien, Yuity, and their holy guards  Dajib and Liqrab - sat in the center row with a flock of cheering Amolvians at the arena. Yuity wanted to surprise Ezequador. He ordered that no one mentioned his and Ruiens return when they first revived. Yuity and Ruien were both old men. Their guards were still young. Aw, look at that! She has my eyes. 
	Well Sh, Yuity...! Stop yappin bout it! Youre makin me wanna go over there too soon. Oh, shes SO big- 
	Dude, shes kickin ass! Liqrab added. DADDY, LOOK! I MURDERED THAT GUY! Ezequadors four year-old daughter - princess Palixine Dipsel  was undefeated in an Amolvian sport, called Hypnomorph. Hypnomorph is when Amolvian guards Gawndihowl while hypnotized to only morph when ordered to - When two morphs match, they have to battle to determine who will be eliminated. When one guard is normal and the other is gawndihowled, the normal one is eliminated and his team has to rotate. The control booths were above the seats in a balcony-sky-box deal. As Ezzy studied the scoreboard, an Amolvian sentry announced that a new challenger was approaching the control booth. Suddenly, Palixine had begun losing, badly. Yuity was the challenger and he was not a piece-of-cake. Yet, after she made a move that wouldve humiliated him, he got an idea. Liqrab, Yuity said as he shoved Liqrab from behind with his foot. Liqrab stumbled, tripped over the railing of the control booth, and fell out of the sky-box. He kept from falling into the audience, by gripping onto the railing, and sighed. He was right over Okarinjs head. Okarinj had the biggest snack-box in all history. TAKE THE CONTROLS. Yuity yelled out of the sky box window and made his way out the door. Liqrab, furiously, yanked himself back into the sky-box and took the controls. G-DAMN IT...! Palixine screeched. Dont give up, baby. Ruien told his granddaughter. Hey, son, pass the peanuts. Will ya? Ezequador ran into Ruiens arms and cried heavily. Hey, save some tears for me. Yuity said. Dajib stood with Yuity and smiled. UNCLE YUITY! I KNEW IT DUDE! Ezequador laughed. Ruiens journal read that Yuity was with Ruien when the angel gave the orders. YEA IM A BAD SON OF A BID-NIT, AINT I? Yuity asked, light-heartedly. MOMMA; DADDY; YOURE NOT WATCHING! cried Palixine. Jahva bowed to Ruien and Yuity. WHAT THE HELL? Ruien asked. He bowed to Jahva. The first queen of Amolvia, and you bow to me? he asked. Wheres mom...? And Joel...? 
	Son, have a seat. 
	They might not make it- 
	YUITY! SH Oh my god 
	Well, quit half-assin and hurry up and tell the boy. Well ALL be dead by the time you get it out.
	YOUVE ALREADY SAID IT NOW, BIG MOUTH! HAHA-HA! added Palixine. Right, but someones gonna lose if they dont get back to their game. Jahva told the princess, as she tickled her abdomen. Palixine laughed. Palixine and Ruien made eye contact. She stared into his eyes and wondered how they became so, inviting. Daddy Is that YOUR daddy? Cause he looks just like you. Ruiens heart filled with happiness. He and Yuity cried and whispered amongst one another. Oh, that was the cutest thing Ive ever witnessed. Ruien whispered. She isnt cuter than Azarban was. Yuity whispered, wittily as he wept. Bullsh, Yuity, you must be blindYa piece of sh Ruien joked. Yea, honey, this is your grandpa Ruien and your great-great-uncle Yuity. 
	Hey, nephew...! You and me  rematch - Right now...
[SHHHHHINGGGGGGGGG]
	Uncle Yuity, Todd could probably beat you now.
	O.K., thats enough negative sh.
	He started it, Ruien.
	Well, dont tell him they might not make it like you dont even care.
	YEA! Cause Im the king.
	AMOLVIANS...! Ruien yelled. Yuity, slightly, shifted his head toward Dajib. Beatthe livingdog-sh out of him. He ordered. Ezequador shielded himself with Jahva. Dajib reached around her. Ezzy kept moving to the opposite side of where he reached. Then, Dajib chased him around her a few times. Ezzy lifted off over the control booth railing, and into the center field of the arena. Dont be tryin to fight my man. Jahva said, humorously. DAJIB...! SHUT HIM UP FOR GOOD. Yuity hollered. Jahva hopped over the rail after Dajib. Then, Palixine grabbed her little sword and followed Jahva. DADDY, HES GOT A WEAPON..! she yelled. BEAT SOME RESPECT INTO HIM Well, Ill be saddled and ridden into the sun shes just as smart as her dad. Yuity said. Many centuries passed by the axes inhabitants. Zybu and Joelnaq had a, somewhat, better time than the whole bunch. It turned out- Zybu was actually, pretty darn, funny. Christ died with all of mans burdens and sins on his soul alone. He was also everything the humans said he was when they scorned and judged him  in their place  so they wouldnt have to worry about being cursed or what people said about them! He was a blasphemer, a sorcerer, a demon etc. As a ghost, he traveled to Libya and boarded the cursed axe with infinite life points. Christs magic points, or in his case, miracle points were always fully charged. He doesnt have to charge with prayer like the humans...And he died so their every word would be prayer. His ghostly clothing was drenched with dirt. The sons of Lucifer followed Christ wherever he went. Incubus, now a master soul-paralyzing demon, was there before Christ could get a toe in. Lucifers sons had that angelic-mental capacity that he had. Incubus shooed away his brothers, break-danced, and taunted Christ all the way to Hades castle. Hades organist was still playing that same horrible music. Christ walked into Hades throne room and made himself visible to all those who were there. Uncharged, Little-Azarban, slouched flimsy and feeble on the floor to the right of Hades throne. He was still gawndihowled, but he was a grown winged-male, instead of a thumb-sized winged-infant. Hades was suffering from a ghostly condition called eternal frostbite. It happens when the, gawndihowled, human soul devolves too much. We need Gods warmth, I guess. Come on out, Joelnaq and Zybu, I know youre in here. Christ said as he stared at Hades. They fell in front of Hades and both stood, gradually, with smirks on their faces as they held eye contact with Christ sliding off to make way for him. After that, I promise: The organist, promptly, hopped up and folded the organ until it was the size of an acorn. He put it in his pocket, turned toward Christ, and asked, Any requests? Can I have a tip? 
	Yeah- sure: Dont  ever - play the organ again. Joelnaq answered. The grim organist threw a hissy fit as he stomped off mumbling and grumbling. I promise to God! 
Now, Incubus, Ill make a deal with you. Christ negotiated. What kind of deal? Incubus asked. That throne belongs to me. Paralyze Hades while I get the tree, and you can have it. As Christ negotiated, holy fire shielded him, closing him inside its eternal blaze. Light smoke arose from his eyes and faded near his hairline. The humans burdens and sins were immediately barbecued. Christ shook the last speck of dirt from his robe. Azarban haunted Christs heart, charged, and became a thumb-sized infant with wings again. Hed also popped out with a miniature sword. His vision and hearing were back to normal. His little robe was clean and white again. As Incubus essence paralyzed Hades, Christ, gradually, walked behind the throne, grabbed the tree, and walked it toward Joelnaq as Hades body dissolved. He gave Joelnaq the tree. You and your brothers have successfully completed your fathers mission. Take your tree to your new kingdom. As soon as you arrive, all of thy rewards will be given thee. 
	Can somebody clean this dust off my throne, please? Thank you ordered Incubus. Christ, telekinetically, lifted the throne. Yea, I was gonna ask for a hovering throne. Looks like ya read my mind. Incubus said. The throne hovered right into the boiler. SEE! WOOK WHAT WOU DID WEEWUS! cried Little-Azarban. YEAH! added Incubus. Your thrones right there, dude, go get it. Joelnaq said as he sat the tree on the floor. Little-Azarban flew from Joels shoulder to Christs shoulder and stared at Incubus with his wise baby-eyes. Whatre you lookin at, ya little brat?! Incubus exclaimed, enraged. Its a good thing hes a spy-cherub, and hes fully charged. Dont you agree, Joelnaq? Zybu asked. Incubus paused and realized how much holy fire he was up-against. Too many nukes gotta go! he uttered as he dashed out of the throne room. If a mans soul touches holy fire, it will be comforted. If a demon touches it, he, or she will be barbecued! Christ nuked the gloomy throne room. Whatever his holy fire touched became white and holy. The hot oil inside the pool became crystalline water. Little-Azarban started nuking shortly afterward, but he was excessively late. How-d ya do that? asked Joel. [WITTLE BWASTOFF WITTLE ZOOM-WAHSS] Little-Azarban, redundantly, blasted off like a rocket - entering Christs heart to charge whenever he was low on magic points  and executed his special moves. His wings rapidly fluttered as he flew around like an aired-up balloon that someone let go- untied. When he finally came to a halt, he looked both ways and jumped into a wall. It was as if someone was controlling him like a video game but they didnt know what to do. Anyone that acquires holy fire can nuke. YOUR nuke may even be broader than Zybus! Christ told Joelnaq. Little-Azarban began to shave Christs hair with his blade. Cool. Joel responded. MY MOOWPS WITTLE, BECAUSE IM WITTLE Little-Azarban shouted with his teensy-weensy voice to assist Christ. How do I do it? 
	Wuse woah magzic pwoints, wou nicopooh. Little-Azarban said as he dangled from Christs left-ear. He dropped down to his shoulder and fled the scene by hiding underneath Christs robe. Christ  who was now bald - abruptly admired little verbally in Hebrew as he tickled his little tummy. Little-Azarban laughed, jerking his belly to avoid Christs finger, irrepressibly, underneath the robe. Zybu and Joel couldnt hold it in any longer and busted out laughing, at once. Ha-He got you good, dude. That was, like, four seconds ha-flat! Ha-Oh my God! Zybu laughed. Joel, lets get going. said Christ, guiding. Hades throne has been converted into a portal axe that leads directly to Super Amolvia. Christ informed. Joel dived into the pool and swam around. Little-Azarban possessed the water - just as he possessed Christs heart  and zipped around at light speed. Zybu admired his little playful-gleam as it shot throughout the pool. Joelnaq hopped out soaking wet with the portal axe telekinetically hovering above his head. Little-Azarban popped up - dry and sly  and plunged into the portal axe, landing himself in Super Amolvia. Joelnaq reunited with his family that day. Yuity finally got his rematch in a few games of Hypnomorph. Ruien was so proud of his boys he cried in joy from when Ezequador first raised the sun until he replaced it with the moon. Ruien is a tough person, so, it was somewhat unexpected. Yet, this story isnt nearly done being told! Zybu got an idea and asked Christ what he thought. What if we could make a system for the ghosts of the humans? 
	I knew youd say that. 
	But, I mean, like a sport. So itd be fun for them to evolve themselves and  like  put on the fruit of God. 
	O.K., Zybu, Ill give it a shot. Whats the game plan?
	Well, I was thinking of something  more like  a war between the humans and the devils.
	No.
	Cmon, lord, were gonna burn Lucifers army anyway. The humans can have fun nuking for extra credit. I imagine they deserve this, averred Zybu. A flaring red orb of fire ascended from Zybus mouth, just as he bowed his head and shut his eyes. Zybu hadnt noticed because he closed his eyes in the nick of time. Zybu, if I approve this then I have to do it fairly, and that means there will also be a chance that man can become demons for eternity...And why should I answer thee? Christ asked. Because Im praying? Zybu joked. Christ chuckled. Axe
	Whah?
	Look above your head, Zybu. Zybu was thankful that Christ was only testing his faith in order to create the orb. Tribes of sorcerers gathered around the outside of Hades castle and cheered in response to Hades organist hitting the road. As the cheering continued, Christ spoke with Zybu. For as long as the monsters are breeding here. This axe will serve as the official way out of hell. I dub this hollow: Axe - the super war. 
	Oh, thank you lord, youre the best. Ahhhh...Axe. Zybu had created the first Gawndi-point in Axe-history. 
Gawndi-point are philosophies or beliefs that become sensible to modify the Gawndihowl. This war is all about Gawndihowls, because we cant go to heaven without the fruit of the lord - angelic organs. Sometimes, when a ghost has super organs, it can produce life points in its attack or in the elements by charging them as well. Theyre shot from within ones soul to be installed into someone elses soul. The installer equally senses the philosophy the way the shooter sensed it. There are life points, and there are death points. The life point empowers its installer, causing them to evolve into a divine Gawndihowl. The death point degrades the installer, and sometimes makes them look like a demon. If a human ghost reaches 100 death points, theyll go into eternal frostbite. After eternal frostbite, they become a demon forever at 175 death points! I dont think Ezequadors too worried about this happening because EF hurts like hell! Holy voltage orbs, darkness orbs, dark gas orbs, and holy light orbs all do the same: they keep charging the ghost a while! The more you install the more you evolve. Strong death points can put out weak life points etc. 
O.K., lets go back to Super Amolvias slot one-more-time. While lying on his back, Ezequador opened his eyes from a long nights rest. He yawned, still on his back, and turned his head to look out the window to his right. He saw Gawndihowled Joelnaq near the arenas entrance juggling four, stage-one, spy-cherubs and dodging a tiny tornado that chased him after vanishing every so-often. There was another spy cherub, with a little modern-day black baseball cap on, standing in Ezequadors throne at the arena. To Ezequador, it seemed that the ones Joel was babysitting were protecting the one with the baseball cap from Joelnaq. The spy-cherubs had different appearances as far as their faces and skin went. Yet, their behavior was the same as Little-Azarbans Gawndihowl: BAD-ASS-KIDS! Joel? Ezequador tried to rise up to get to Joel, but he couldnt budge. An ADORABLE, stage-one, spy-cherub, named Lily, applied pressure on his chest, holding him down. As he struggled, she laughed. Then, he paused and grinned. Gawndihowl morph He called, quite-peacefully. WHOAH! Lily shrieked as she swooped down and possessed his pillow. Im sorry, Honey. While you were asleep, Christ asked us to watch his babies while he set up the courts and fields for the super war. Jahva informed him. MY DAD CAN FIX ANYTHING. BEFOAH HE MADE THE OAWTH, HE FIXED A HOAHWW WOAHWD, SO THE HUMANS CAN PWAY IN! Lily yelled as her hands, and their gestures, ascended from the top-right corner of the pillowcase. What ARE you? Ezequador asked Lily. She popped up from within the pillow. Then, she zipped around the room a bit, crashed into his abdomen, and stopped to answer him. Uhm, I cant tell wou that, ihss a seekwit! she alleged, gazing into his flaring eyes with her big green eyes, as she gripped his chest hair and dangled from them. Spy-cherub Can go inside and possess anythingAges when it eats; lifts up to 40,000 pounds if fully charged; Needs a pure heart to charge 
 Veunic? Ezequador asked, gawndihowled, Veunic. Veunic stood in the doorway with angelic-intellect, eager to give answers. He was hot: surrounded with holy fire. These are not your AVERAGE spy-cherubs. They are the generated nukes. They were born with irremovable gadgets and weapons with unlimited projectiles. The one with the weird helmet is the chief. Hes the only one who can generate holy fire without warming up or charging. 
	Oh-, Ezzy sighed. Wait a minute, what IS a nuke? Ezequador joked. Ezequadors holy Gawndihowl made everything clear. F that - whats a gadget? Jahva earnestly added. Lily possessed the door and zipped around within it, causing it to wobble a bit. The door slammed shut. Lily possessed the doorknob, turned it, and giggled as the door creaked open. She kept closing the door as they attempted to leave. When they finally got out of Ezequadors bedroom, the bathing room, the castle doors, and the front gates, they headed for the arena. Seemingly exhausted, Lily rode atop of Ezequadors shoulder and continually questioned him. Why does shahva get ammoyed? I bess ahs wou a simple queshion... Its not wike Im asking two at a time, oaw something. Is that even possible? 
	I think well find out soon enough. Ezzy joked. Hm... Whats that apposed to mean? [Thirty seconds later-] But Why do the humans eat the amimals? Why nont they bess eat the eldoahwy humans?  but theyre bonna zie, anyways... Lily murmured. Her eyelids grew heavy and she slowly started dozing off. One of my guards - Luck - dived in front of Ezzys entourage to frisk them. HAWWT! he yelled. Ezequador kept onward and did not pay Luck any mind. Jahva feared for Lucks life as he dodged Ezequadors foot and proceeded to climbed up his robe. WHEWS WIWWY? When Lily heard Luck, she felt wide-awake again. The attention span of a spy-cherub - so short, all you have to do is wave another toy in their faces and theyll forget their even sleepy! Lily swooped down from Ezzys shoulder and joined Luck. I HAVE A BED. She proudly boasted as they both frisked Ezequador. Lucky whined like a puppy. Lily share your bed. said Ezequador. Lily paused, interpreted, and whined like a puppy. We - the generated nukes - enjoyed capturing territory, and such. In one of the arenas control booths, Honeysuckle rode Joels hand, pretending to pilot an aircraft, as he gave orders to the alumni. Whenever his hand was in motion, she would make engine noises. Whenever it stopped, she would make a tire screeching sound. OAHRRRR! So - there I was - standing in Ezzys throne with my head down, leaning upright therein; my little visor covered my face as I grabbed my crotch with my  button packed  gloved left hand. I had seized Ezequadors throne and there wasnt a DAMN thing Joelnaq could do to stop me. My holy guards, carefully, battled with Joelnaq to protect me from his gigantic flaming-blade. My identical twin and spy: Cape Thoughtful, the demolisher  Demo, for short - remained close within the clouds in case I needed an air strike or something. O.k., Groove. No more playtime. Witichkin told me Ezequador was on his way and I had to move. After I attempted to shoo him away, he gawndihowled and got into a tug-of-war with me. Yeah, I admit it [Hmmm]; I threw a small hissy fit [H-HMMM]; but I didnt cry [HMMMMM-H-H-HMMMMM]. Well, maybe a teensy-weensy bit. O.k., maybe a lot but that guy was , like, eighty-three times my size... I bit him and possessed the throne. Ow! You little fer! grumbled Witichkin. Groove, quit being bad. said Ezequador. I popped out of my newly seized property and noticed two teenage Amolvian-girls arguing at the arena entrance. I dont know what you think about me, but whatever it is- get it right, now, before you get hurt! one of the girls said. I performed my signature liftoff to near them both where they could hear me. I cant fly, but I merely become lighter. Tiny fireworks  lit and going off - sparklers and rockets discharged from my costume. NO! ZONT FIIGHTYOAHWH TOOHWH PWHETTYTOHWH...FIGHT! I interrupt them with my, miniature, abrasive body language and charming wit. They disregarded me and continued. Upset, I got onto my back and pouted. H-hmmmhihh. I kicked my feet - like a bug on its back trying to flip over - and bawled. I didnt get my way. I flipped onto my hands and knees after I noticed that my whimpering had also interrupted them. I sniffled once, grinned, and stared at them as if I wasnt crying for real. Then, I lifted off and landed on Ezequadors shoulder. Our gadgets are like one of our organs. We naturally used them to meet our desires. I went into charm mode and downloaded a toy microphone. The microphone was bigger than I was when its construction had completed. With both arms wrapped around it, I held it near Ezequadors mouth. Finally, I hit the super auto-pilot button on my glove and possessed the microphone. Any shouw outs? I asked Ezequador as I hovered and held the microphone to his mouth. Cmon, dood, even Chwist had shouw outs - Zohn the Bappiss; Pauww; Peetoah; Guatemawa. 
	OH! I get it! proclaimed Ezzy. Well, I shout out to everyone. 
	DOOWD...! Wou cant, juss, say evowy-wom? Wou haf to say theiw mames oah ihss wood! 
	Aw, man! I forgot to shout too, didnt I? 
	Weww haf to woahk on that.
	Supoah Gwoove, called Demo, who was hovering above Ezequadors head with his arms crossed. The look on his tiny face read: I mean business. He was a spy-cherub with a little dark-purple cape and matching gloves on. He also wore a breastplate with acoustic guitar strings fastened to the front of it, diagonally. They started strumming and slapping themselves, producing a soothing-ambient tune, as Demo continued, Whis isnt the time foah games. Demo, passively, warned as he hovered. Well, Demo, everyones got to show up firstright? Ezequador asked with his head tilted back. I popped out of the microphone. Demo, nont be such a wimp! I exclaimed as the toy microphone fell. I sank into Ezzys lap and turned to look at the seating area. It was a full house and everyone was growing impatient. HOWY CWAP! I yelled. Joelnaq stood. My guards: Watch, Luck, Honeysuckle, and Rosebush hung on to his armor for dear-life. Those of us without wings had to climb to get high. Rosebush hovered toward Jahvas throne with a little automatic shotgun. Her dress is holy garment. It double clocks; it evolves; and it holy-nukes whoever sees it. Our angelic skin does the same, so, shes double hot! She has that Amolvian lift-off that I have as well as the ability to fly like Demo. Palixine was sitting on Jahvas right knee. Rosebush landed onto Palixines lap and busted into flames. Palixine quickly tried to shove her off. HMMMMM! Rosebush cried. After realizing how soothing holy fire was, Palixine gave up and snatched Rosebush up like a favorite rag-doll. I went into super charm mode. I downloaded a huge intercom system. The speakers were big and I may have broken them if I tried mounting them alone. Yet, Ezzy knew what to do with his psycho kinesis after I nearly blew his ears off during the sound check. If he wasnt gawndihowled, hed be sort of deaf! I possessed the intercom mic, hovered, and kept it at Ezzys mouth. Amolvians, I give to you the return of my brothers JoelnaqAND AZARBAN! Super Amolvia cheered, wept, drank, and feasted gratefully; the alumni concurrently performed the windmill blade emitting a bright gleam from their swords. Everyone flared up and worshiped the Dipsel brothers in exchange for their extensive satisfaction. The speakers played orchestral scores to my exact movement, like an animated film. I took advantage and started charming the crowd with gifts. Demo and I sang into the microphone. Our breath-taking performance overwhelmed the alumni, women, and children. They grew very emotional as I sang with my powerful voice. My voice was tough, but easy to swallow, while Demos voice was softer than the softest of male singers. Demo nailed the chorus, with the auto play activated on the guitar strings in his breastplate and singing with three voices at one time like a one-man-choir. We still sounded like a couple of super under-aged kids though. They hugged, cuddled, cried, and cheered as our vocals warmed their souls. Then, they all flared up with holy flames. I went into super autopilot, which is where Im automatically flung into the air when I sink into sort of an invisible trampoline trailing underneath me I break dance and bounce around nonstop all over the hands, shoulders, heads, arms, and knees of the alumni. I even did a four-move combo on Okarinjs belly. Luck replicated Rosebush, for no reason. With a gadgetry-dress on, he climbed onto Ezequadors shoulder whimpering like a puppy, and fell asleep. I used my flamethrower in super groove mode to light a stick of Amolvian dynamite. Super groove mode is where I break dance and projectiles discharge from within my costume toward whomever or whatever I lock-on. My flamethrower is, merely, a part of my nuke. Its flames are holy fire, so, its purpose is to barbecue devils and comfort men. I can also fire missiles and bullets. Now, those, men may want to stand clear-of. Theyre real. Im like a walking gun, in super groove mode. It has various assault rifles, shotguns, pistols, spears, daggers, swords, and all sorts of grapples! Luck grabs the dynamite and hugs it like a teddy bear, while smacking his tiny lips. Angelic skin is explosive resistant anyway, although it may seem really soft and delicate. Ezequador could sense within his heart that God would never let us be harmed. Hey, check out this guys timing. I told Ezequador, having aged a bit and gaining better-advanced tongue. Watch hadnt even noticed. When he did, he locked onto the area of the fuse, with his gadget  the infinite watch - and stopped time in the targeted area. Our lock-ons or targeting systems are like our organs too. You know you weally shouldnt pway wike that, mastoah. Expressed Watch, calmly, childlike and wise, with his head tilted down and his eyes covered with his visor. Luck, Watch, and I  all - have the same modern baseball caps. Demo and I possessed one another and, together, we became a miniature mercenary with guitar strings on its little bulletproof vest. We called, Gawndihowl morph! and split up a few seconds after we wore out our ability to hurl holy fire explosives. 
While trying to climb into a bowl of good-n-cold milk, Honeysuckle flipped the entire bowl onto herself. HHH...HOAHHHW-W-W! she shrieked. Palixine tried to help her, but Honey-suckle bit her hand and possessed the bowl. Slurping noises came from underneath the bowl. I was watching, crying in laughter, stealing food from the giant table they made for Joelnaq and Azarban. I was sitting on top of a turkey, and then I lay down and started rolling around laughing. I fell into a bowl of potato salad, rose up, paused, and whimpered like a puppy. 
In one of the Amolvian beach huts, a more established and epic Zybu peeked into the window to check on Little-Azarban. Zybu...? Little-Azarban asked. My highness, whats wrong?
	I could feel his pain while he was being persecuted. I felt every single blow...when I was gawndihowled. 
	We felt it, too, Gawnden; every, individual, Amolvian and every angel of the lord We ARE a part of him and heavenly father. And he owns everything he makes...He knew...He knows, son... explained Zybu. Little-Azarban understood. The roof of the hut was made of hay. Joelnaq dropped in, while eavesdropping, and landed on his face. Joel? What the heck? 
	OW...HEY...Who hurt my brother? Start meowin or Im gonna skin your happy-eyed ass. Joel joked. Christ, passively, opened the door to the hut and walked in. Joelnaq? said Christ. Is that why youve been so quiet, Little-Azarban? 
	Joel, no Heh Its cool, dude. 
	No it aint, Joel responded. Whatre you?  Some-kind of butt pirate? Joelnaq asked Christ, who burned like candlelight. You dont want to be against me in Axe...Thou...where is Groove? Christ asked, severely unable to be deprived of inner peace. I fell through the roof of the hut, aged to about five years. I had lost my white robe somewhere in the arena. My, all-black, costume matched my hat, shoes, and gloves. Demo landed onto the roof and crawled to where he could stick his little head in and locate me. GWOOVE...YOU JOAWK! GIMME BACK THAT CANNY...! 
	Did I say you could eat, yet? You - and that Lily - think youre so slick! 
	Dad, capes a jerk. He keeps riding me so I was trying to show him whos boss! I said as if I was about to start singin a rap song, knowing I was wrong. Well the boss has to be a better example, son. Dont be ashamed to do what I say, man - that breaks my heart, man. Now you didnt even want that food, did you baby? He picked me up and held me close. I sobbed and shook my head to express that I didnt. I sniffled and moped around full of shame; I like to impress Christ. Dontwant so much- you wouldnt cry so much. Theres always more than enough. Zybu told me. Aww, its ok. Gimme five, man. said Demo as if he was about to start singin a country music song. He made me laugh, aged to five as well with treats strapped to his back. The guitar strings in his breastplate auto-strummed themselves to cheer me up. I was crying in laughter. Christ was training us to age, appropriately, for when we deployed in the other slots for war. Gawndihowl morph Demo and I called. After becoming a thumb-sized infant with a white robe on again, we asked if any one had any shout outs. Let  not  Lucifer, infiltrate the Lords vesselIf he knocks, say Go away in the name of the son... Goodbye, Christ said as he vanished. Bye Dad! I replied. 
The spirit can do wonders. When King Herod and the Romans persecuted the apostles, they didnt feel that crap! They believed their flesh was above their spirits!
One of the apostles is even crucified and pretends to feel them whipping him! (WHPP) "OHHHHH...My funny bone..." He kept pausing after every hit to think of something to say because he has a hard time lying. (WHPPP) OHHH...I hope they can read my handwriting... He looks back to see when theyd smite him again.
 He broke the shackles, shoved one of the Roman guys into a brick wall, and knocked the wind out of him with brute strength! My bad...Keep going (WHOP) OHHH...! - CAMEL THROUGH A NEEDLES EYE... He looks back to see if theyre still hitting him. (WHOP) OHHH...Im just a hot Jewish guy...
SECTION III
AXES TOP HEADLINES IN A NUTSHELL
Lucifer and his team freed and given an even broader essence under the condition that the play their roles in Axe: These jerks wouldve taken anything besides more long years in chains. Michael, the archangel answered reporters with overflowing bass in his lungs! When we asked if he had any trouble with them he replied, No. Lucifer and I argued a bit because he still had some things to get off his chest. I hearkened, and it was still the same old crap so, I went ahead and knocked him into the axe and let his team have an advantage in the earth while his essence would be weaker in the world. Then we visited Ezequador for further info on the situation. He got right to the point saying, I know what you want to know Dont give me that run-around propaganda! You want to know what roles Lucifers team is playing! Lucifer will be called Sugg Soatchio  a steel shape-shifting chameleon dragon- Grooves archenemy. Lucifers team will be the seven major sins. One will be called Pride; one will be called glutton; the others will be envy, greed, sloth, anger, vanity, and they will be expected to only promote the sin they are entitled to. They are the exact opposites of the generated nukes. They will be able to come and go as they please, while Lucifer can never leave. There, now are you happy? 
Veunic meets with Christ and shares an idea for Axe: I wanted to make a microscopic-substance that could become any element and be controlled by Ezequador. He explains to the local inhabitants. The super-Hollowbot act is passed. The term 'Hollowbotic' is widely spread amongst Axe inhabitants. Hollowbotic instances appear to be real people and things. Now that people haunt Hollowbotics for extra defense, ghosts are beginning to wear them like body armor! And they work! Dont get unplugged! We say someones unplugged when they have no bot there to protect their soul from being locked up by charged light, darkness, or fire... says young Charlie, a local hipster. Also called defense belts the bots are a very sufficient way for ghosts to feel alive again.
Hollowbots or clones become the other form of currency: Since they are vital to the ghosts freedom, bots have become a value to the whole network of Gawnden. This is why Veunic designed the super-Moonnaut for Gawnden who acquire one million bots! I call it Moonnaut because once you get this wealthy youll be able to branch off and almost have enough Hollowbots to recycle em and build your own planet with Hollowbotic life forms. 
Thats gonna be one powerful bot, its gonna take forever to unplug a Moonnaut! says Rosebush aka the heart nanny. Now, from what weve seen, the monsters play a big role in keeping the money flowing, but the officers main focuses are life points- another widely engaging form of currency.
Ezequadors Amolvian seaside chair with Hollowbotic fans that turn on when he sits: We spoke with the priest of Axe and this is what he had to say, I just love playing around with this stuff. I love Veunic for this. No job I can remember having done...makes me feel like I feel when I work with Hollowbotics.
Sons of Lucifer create an organization called The Dark Gawnden: Those thieving brats...! I made it up! says Zybu the cherubim, who originated the term Gawnden - which means gawndihowled soul. Shortly afterward, Ezequador starts the The Light Gawnden consisting of light officers that obtain the required rank. Now you know I aint gonna lie to you, those fools sent a spy over here and stole our idea. says Ezequador.
Sons of Lucifer sign an agreement with the Amolvian alumni: The contract confirmed that they could not enter Super Amolvia or the white room, although their followers were allowed to visit the white room- yet, not the Amolvian palace. In addition, that if they were to cheat, advanced Light officers could step in and help no matter what weight class they are...and vice versa!
Dark Gawnden cheat often but never prospers: I dont even waist my time anymore. Ezequador sobbed. We cant find a way to win anywhere we goTHEYRE cheating us. Typhon  the dark Gawndens primary organizer  tells bold reporters. Then, we spotted Joelnaq at the Amolvian beach and asked what he thought of these alleged words and here was his response: HHAHAHAHA- So, your team is full of cheating angels against human beings and the Generated nukes- who cant devolve, true enough, but the humans arent half as powerful as those Dark Gawnden! Im so glad I get to jump in when they cheat because some of the sh I see out here is ridiculous... 
The angels move the cursed axe into the Garden of Eden so that the humans can tour the garden before they go to heaven: Uhh, yeah, we were having too much degeneration in Libya, and Incubus team was only gonna keep devolving them. So, uhm, this is permanent. Joelnaq responded to questioning about the removal. Now, the axe is in a place thats guarded by Christs army and evil cant get in. Joelnaq added. Every Sunday, the axe opens up, shrinks the lost spirits of men, and absorbs them into Super Amolvia where they decide if they want to serve the Dark Gawnden or Light Gawnden. 
The Generated Nukes and the ghosts of the humans discover that fighting the monsters gains Hollowbots: Wearing Hollowbots makes it more difficult for their adversaries to bind them. Ghosts to move in fast motion, but when wearing bots, the Hollowbots engine slows them down a bit, hence the term double clocking! 
The first super micro-windows are installed into primary Hollowbots in order for the two opposing sides to keep track of their stats: Later that day, the hyper-nano window, and the surround-belt were introduced. Surround belt is a microscopic computer chip installed into the hyper-nano window. It controls five Hollowbotic cameras that follow the users and actually film them at different angles. Theres a program, called the essential telecast, with feedback from user announcers just like watchin the game at home in your living room. They can cancel out noise from other surround belts and play theme music or cinematic orchestral to the owners physical activity. If you have a window installed, you can follow your favorite player and switch between various angles and even store their user-name into your window so you can record them as you explore others or come back to view their super replays any time you want, Veunic explains. It may not be as enjoyable on a micro-window as a nano window, but you can still check their stats and its very interesting to see what organs your friends are acquiring upon fruition after life points are collected. Youll also get to see how many followers you have and watch how others are using power-ups. Double clocks are my favorite to watch, its beautiful; such a stimulating entertainment. Veunic adds. 
Hollowbotics manipulation illegally adapted by the native sorcerers: If youre flipping through surround-belts today, you might find some very upsetting essential telecasts and those youre following may have been bankrupt by one of the biggest heists in Axe history. Over three million Hollowbots were discovered missing today, when several alleged dark scientists put their skills and bots together to make a synthetic harvester in several schemes to scam volunteers by having them squander bots in order to shatter various recreational margins. 

Axes native sorcerers illegally harvest and distribute super-Hollowbots: Theyve built their own cities, surround-belts, Hollowbotic-rivers, Hollowbotic-armies, and hyper-nano windows. These guys are very stupid. Ezequador stated. Later that evening, Ezequador gave the nukes the case of the illegal harvesters. After he arrested the native sorcerers and the Hollowbotic soldiers, Groove was awarded the seized Hollowbotic cities.
 I dubbed it Super Groove World.
 A savior is a deliverer - someone who rescues you from harm or danger; some people claim to be Christians and dont even know what savior means. 
SECTION IV
UNGUARDED
Jigger-lit records offered Scold Henry a recording contract to do heavy metal and he signed it, the scoundrel! I like heavy metal, but I don't like pastors who allow money to change who they are purposely. Pastor Henry and friends' first concert was sold-out, but I still had tickets- Hollowbotics. We had to put him down, he wasn't supposed to be here, he was just a Marrownaut. I thought of ways I could help him, then I noticed that's what they wanted me to do...They know I have a soft spot for the clones - all they do is waste them. So, Groove and I went to his first concert to confront him. Demo stood solemn at home with Liqrab and Ban, watchfully standing behind them folding his arms as they played video games. All these people who didn't even know who Demo, Marlynn, and Groove were...laughing and enjoying themselves with two ultra heroes amongst them the whole time! We blended in OK, we just laughed with them. An old man who was standing next to us liked our 'costumes' and went to shake Groove's hand. Groove looked at me, and then he looked back at him. He shrugged his shoulders and said, "Brute strength..." turning back to watch Duke John, never shaking the man's hand. They had set the comedian up like a sidekick to open for Pastor Henry. As we laugh at Henry's sidekick, a comedian, named Duke John, Henry gets ready to perform backstage. I was about to go knock him out, but Groove stopped me. "Hey, enjoy the show..." said Groove. Duke John wasn't a bot like Henry. They just thought he'd go good with the show:

"That's very encouraging, God, but I think we're gonna go with Satan's plan this time... Is God real to you, anybody? All the rich guys are d'''s- God and chicks totally let's them get away with it. I try to be nice to a chic and she blows me off like a dandelion. NO! HE ISN'T! Where is he, man? Some people say he's invisible, well that's f'''ed up. He's a deadbeat, he won't even show up. Why did you die for us if we still have to starve and cry and sh''? No more...I'm not dealing with it anymore... Heaven is at hand, dude, who gives a shit? Screw you and your stupid enemy... Screw Satan, why won't you just kick his ass so we can all be happy, oh wait, he's invisible too... I don't give a shit, sex makes me feel so much better. HAHHHH... Somebody's gotta drive me to kill myself, it may as well be God - This isn't love, money's love! I'm broke chicks don't even notice me; I get rich I can bang any chic I want, I mean come on... What a jerk... And you say you wanna help the poor, they're the ass'''''s... And how is it helping the poor if you don't give them any money? Newsflash, dude, there's no other way.... I'm rich, I have women and less stress. If Im poor I gotta worry about everything, which brings me to another stupid thing he said - Don't be troubled or worried... How? Dude, you didn't give me any money, my mom's a slut, my dad's a whore he doesn't give a shit about me. I think Ill be troubled automatically...It's magic... And Henry's a dick, man... He told me to suffer and shit and be patient- the first contract comes his way, for some of the most devilish shit in the world, he signs the thing instantly... I'll wait as long as you did, ass'''', how about that? And why does he say 'dag-nab it' so much? He's a pastor, he wants to say oh f''' it, but he wants to keep the dough comin' in... I bet the demons are pissed at him- DUDE, WE COULD'VE....DONE THIS SHIT A LONG-ASS TIME AGO! God's ok for a little while though man...All the way up until he says no fornicating, are you mad?! You make sex the most interesting shit in the galaxy and I gotta wait until I magically love one chic to get any, f''' you, I want a hand job! TELL YOUR PASTORS TO SET A BETTER EXAMPLE! You can't trust anybody these days, man... And maybe Im not supposed to be stalkin' chics, but all I think about is...chics... I'm certainly not gonna wake up and say, I wanna suffer and have patience like f'''ing Hercules... A mighty God- Where the f''' was he when my car broke down on the side of the road the other night. I will not deny it anymore, God; I love sex and not you. Why would I love you? You don't even meet me half-way, I gotta drive ten hours, all the way to the south, to some boring ass church at sunup and listen to pastor Henry lie his f'''ing ass off for tithes... I'm gonna go to hell anyway, this sh'' is a setup, man! I'm just gonna start goin' to church drunk and hit on every chic there... He turned water into wine, and he said come as you are- now where's my other shot? Don't look at me like that... A lot of you would be right there with me, Id be the coolest guy in church. Nobody wants to hear Henry! Screw Henry! Do I even listen to women, man? - No because I'm lookin' at their boobs!"
 We awe and laugh with the crowd, when suddenly, Henry barges in singing so much better! He was singing like one of those rhythm and blues guys, blowing his pipes so magically becoming one with the music! 

Heavenly father, when the cock crows, you're gonna betray me...

He was singing about how God only comes when it's time for him to be judged instead of when he needed to be comforted. It was a good song, the words were just charged with darkness. He said:

 O the figments in the bible, Id rather believe in somethin' that's really there/ money's real, God's fake and he'd never care/ I can't trick to girls into bed with scripture/ Being sin as you are and go and sin no more, give em money that's the only way that you can help the poor...

And I loved his voice, he could sing! "Alright, Ive had enough of this..." said Groove, lifting off to go back stage. He left his defense belt with me so the crowd wouldn't see him. Some of them already had the starry eyes organ and spotted him! I laugh at him trying to possess things to hide. The demons who were playing for Henry saw Groove and while they were running away, the leader, Mega Behemoth, yells, "WE'LL BE BACK! THIS IS FAR FROM OVER, GROOVE! JUST YOU WAIT! Teleporting away in brief flashes as if they were possessing thin air! Groove unplugged Scold Henry! "FREEZE!" yelled Groove, locking onto him as his halo erupted. Henry didn't try anything stupid. Azarban hopped onto Groove's shoulder and yelled, "FWEEZ!" With Liqrab locking onto the crowd to protect his Amolvian royalty! Everybody could see the two cherubim! I throw my shoe at them to unplug them. "Azarban! Oh my God!" I mumbled, throwing the other shoe at Liqrab. Since Liqrab had given us away, anyway - dodging my shoe, hiding, and laughing - we went ahead and introduced ourselves. Ban finds his name in a Mega replay on Henry's hyper-nano. "Henry was sort of undercover," I said. "But you can't go trying to do things by yourself without any direction from God like that!" Ban played the replay:
 [Christ goes into the dark Gawnden's base after they kidnap Azarban. When he finds Ban, Ban jets away to explore and nuke. A few seconds later, he returns to Christ and weeps. "What's wrong, man?" asked Christ. He grabs Christ by the hand and guides him to a pile of candy, he points to it and whines. Christ took his staff and slapped the candy out of the way. Azarban watched it vanish in the distant dark fog, never to see it again.] I snatched the window down and look at Azarban. "Azarban, respect the man's privacy..."
 "Ihss WOOWTOOB, DOOD! AAA!" He lies, shrugs his shoulders, bites me, and hides underneath Henry's jacket. We connect with the crowd by talking to them and asking them what's wrong to sing to them about it. When we're helping, it's easier for us to freestyle. When I got home, I knew it was all over. "No more war. Well, my book can't sell itself... 
Ultra Marlynn; you're officially off duty, leave the rest to God and go enjoy your life. It's over. No more writing books to encourage people, no more trying to save the world. Take it easy...and take a load off..." Demo said, on my way to the stairs. "Hey! Wait, man..." My heart sank, not knowing why they were all fading away again, and all I had left, then, were my clones of them. I love you guys... He appeared again and said, JUST KIDDIN, DUDE! I KNEW YOU LOVED ME! I swiftly wipe my tears and shove him. Hey, dude, that isnt funny! 
I started a Capoeira school in my hometown, Arkansas. I summon bots to teach the Capoeirista to make instruments and play bateria. [WHOAH, MEDUSA...WHOAAAAH, MEDUSA] I attract more pedestrians and accelerate in a martial arts trance to the banging bateria. When I stopped, my heavy breathing hadn't; the music stops as I look up at the stunned and confused Arkansans. "Now...Are there any questions before I faint?" I fainted... I even made the news. "Hi, mom...!" I dont know if that rumor about spy-cherubs is true, but, I did find a pile of gummy bears on my floor. 
Spooky, right? 

SECTION V
THE DISREGARDED MASTERS
 (The The Generated Nukes narrator audio plays)  NEXT! The talent scouts were about to give-up on country music. They saw a handsome black man smooth-walk onto the stage. Who gets to see this everyday? Fly Bird's daring attitude and appeal had the scouts itching for more. Sir, there's no smoking in here. I'm gonna need you to put that out for me. said one of the scouts. Fly ignored the scouts, completely, as he perched onto the stool. He was wearing a tuxedo. He seemed to have a lighthearted grudge against the scouts as he asked his beautiful assistant to hand him his guitar with a mere hand gesture. A young, voluptuous, woman awkwardly met up with Fly at center-stage, to give him the acoustic guitar. Fly yanked his berretta from within the backside of his pants and handed it to his assistant. I loved that! Was that a real g- A powerful, heartwarming, and overwhelming harmony of chords blew the scouts away! Fly's eyes remained settled as he strummed the guitar. The scouts' bad day had ended as the music slapped in their ears. He played for another minute and a half without singing a single lyric. Finally, He put his lips close to the microphone and sang the softest and most vivid lyrics of all time. The scouts closed their eyes to see the details with their imaginations. Then, the chorus became really disturbing and violent. Today on the battlefield I had to throw a grenade!  He started singing about having to throw a grenade and gory casualties. Hey, wait a minute. Is that Fly Bird?
Who the hell is he? He didn't even introduce himself! Have you met him?
That's Fly Bird; hes a hit man for the Cuban mafia. He has a twin brother who raps, Fitted. I think he's tryin' to go legit.
 NEXT! yelled one of the scouts. What the hell, York? asked Billy Hill, who was loving every second of it, clapping, rocking, and rolling his head. Doug York- not so much. Think about his charisma and his voice. Screw the lyrics and the background, man.
Believe me, Mr. Hill, i've watched the market shift for too many years to waist my time with a low-life who might put a bullet in one of his fans because he can't handle the pressures of being 'Legit'.
York, that's bogus and you know it, he's a natural. The guy's goin' legit as we speak and you wanna pull his rap sheet out the crack o yer ass right in the middle of it? The doors to the theater open and a well-known detective, Tony Joust, rushes in with a team of over fifty NYPD officers. Anyone who knew Joust knew he was good, but he was a clown and so were fifty percent of his precinct most of the time. These guys never took their job seriously because they were like the only cops who weren't working for the mob. Joust had already forewarned all of his men that Fly could rig a theater with explosives, undetected. They were cautious, but not willing to arrest him under any circumstances. After storming in and taking cover, the police had Fly surrounded! JOUUUST! yelled Fly. I KNOW IT'S YOUUU! he maintained, tossing away his pistol. Detective Joust, lying behind the last row of seats, finally revealed himself yelling, BIRD, DON'T DO ANYTHING YOU'RE GONNA REGRET...WE ALREADY BOOKED YOUR BOSS. JUST TAKE IT EASY. The officers snickered quietly with Joust. Joust rose up and peeped over the seats. He spotted Fly's girlfriend fondling with fly and tidying his tuxedo. Holy smokes! Is that Davis' wife? Joust joked, making the soft laughter get uncontrollably loud. Joust got back on the floor saying, Davis, he's bangin' your wife! Take the rest of the day off. 
I'll be takin' more than a day; she's gonna be a widow, anyway, if you keep negotiating. It's been good. Davis replied. They all laughed. Hey, Davis, go see what he wants. Maybe your wife can save us all. You don't want this job, get outta here. You're fired. Your wife works harder than you and she isn't even trained. Officer Davis got onto his feet to negotiate. LOOK, FLY. WE'RE ONLY HERE TO ESCORT YOU OFF THE PREMISES. WE DONT WANT ANYONE TO GET HURT. Fly Bird has an identical twin brother named Float Fitted Hawk. When the police let Float in, he looked at his brother holding a detonator and all the armed officers. DAMN! Martin Luther King ain't teach you, ns, nothin'! Turn the other cheek, Davis! Float jested. His face expressed disappointment. The officers laughed at Float's reaction. 
To Martin Luther King: The devil fear' one man. Send an army to God; he ain't scared o' neither one of 'em! 
Float was a celebrity. He sang rhythm and blues. His stage name was, Fitted because he was always wearing a billed baseball-cap. You could say he was the innocent one; always trying to fill peoples hearts with love by pumping them up with encouragements. He had arrived to pick Fly up from the audition. He was running a bit late because he had a sold-out concert. Fly sings country and Float sings R & B. Float was married to a successful super-model named Amy. Amy wanted to be a designer, but her designs sucked. Float wanted to dance like Michael Jackson, but his choreography sucked. Yet, overall, they were loaded since Float sang flawlessly and Amy was a global personality. Look, man, I know my brother and his girlfriend have those explosive-resistant force-fields Luck sent em for Christmas, so, good luck with that sniper, Houston. Float claimed. Little Lucky Hawk, was the twins' brainy kid-brother. Officer Houston stood up and said, You know what, as he walked toward the doors. I didn't sign up for this, call in the bomb squad. The officers laughed. What's the matter, Houston? - Don't-think you can blow his thumb off the button in time. asked Joust. The officers laughed. Yeah! I had a clean shot - Just about to pop his ass, and Fitted had to mess it up. I tell ya. Officer Houston declared, on his way out. As they opened the doors to Floats limousine, Float asked Fly, Damn, n! The hell you sing got everybody wantin' to shoot you? as the bomb squad headed in to clean up the place. When Fly entered the limo, he saw Fitted's toddler son playing a video game on a laptop with a wireless-joystick. UNCLE FWY, WOOK AT DADDY! HE'S A SUPOAH HEWOAH! Fly picked Skeeter up. Let me look at you, first. said Fly while removing his nephews seat belt. He had just saw the kid a few days before, but he lives everyday like it's his last. After checking to see if Skeeter was in mint condition, Fly sat him in his lap and grabbed the laptop. Ha-My brother's a super hero. What's the title?
Supoah Hat. Skeeter answered. Want a beer, n? Float asked. Naa, give her one.
No, thank you! Clarissa, Fly's girlfriend, abruptly refused. Skeeter persistently trained Fly to play the game. Fly grew very interested in the game-play. Man, it feels so good to be my son's hero.
Yeah, this game is friggin' gunnin'!
It's a prototype, but that's the one Skeeter liked the most, so, I might give it a go.
HAHA! SUPER GROOVE MODE! This is friggin' gunnin' man! I like how they made the break dances in fast-motion!
Hey, let me see. said Clarissa, switching seats. It's called, Super Hat World. Jump and run mode is the, sort-of automatic, setting. Then theres the super groove and charm mode. The turbo-speed dancing was my idea.
I'm IN groove mode, dude. I taught you that move Fly reckoned controlling the animated replica of his brother, which was break dancing, emitting projectiles and eye-candy from its gloves and sneakers. How do I? - What's charm mode? 
Oh, it's just where you make gifts magically appear and give them to people to cheer them up. Float explained. Little Lucky Hawk was awaiting Float's arrival at Amy's mansion. He was playing a ninja-stealth-combat-online game when he got a call from Float's best friend, Timothy- a fellow inventor. Tim you cryin' man? What's wrong? What you takin a dump, n? N-ha-ha, you stankin' as hell, cu'-ha-ha, I can smell you through the mic, yoReally? I feel like holdin' on, Jesus. I feel like Fitted, n, Martin Luther King ain't teach you NUTHIN', SON...WORD! 
That's yo' breath. Naa, n, you forgot to spray some deodorant on yo' side-burns. Listen to me, carefully, Lucky. Sugg-Soatchio shut down your lab and I almost got booked. I was fired. I've successfully planned a heist and taken half his fortune. I want to give some of it to you before I make a run for it!
How could you possibly be telling me the truth right now?
I've seen his face, and I think  no, I believe he's some kind of Alien. He asked us to inspect your machines for the department of defense, and I caught him trying to rig them with telekinesis. The next thing I knew I was being revoked because Uncle Sam can't trust the man.
HA-HA-HA! You can't see his face because his office is, literally, in the clouds! Besides, my brother's already buying me a lab on Sugg's property, this is berserk!
What are you, high man?
I'm the reason they'll, suddenly, refuse to give you the grant.
This fool lyin'. How much is the grant? said one of the new clan members. Shut the hell up before I kick your goofy ass out the game, man.
Kick me out then, scrub! Yo' clan sorry, anyway, I can talk all I want! What you gon' do? YAP-YAP-YAP-YAP! Who, the hell, y'all supposed to be? All the way from the BRONX, son, FLAT OUT! I bet you won't come to my hood and call me goofy, you, counterfeit-ass puss... Lucky located the player's name on the scoreboard and clicked the name. A pop-up message prompted, Do you want to mute this mercenary? he clicked yes. Gotta love your work...Lucky, I tried to stop him, but Sugg's trying to rig your machines as we speak! Yo, I wouldn't call you to lie to you.
Yes you would! Hold-on, Luck smiled, glaring aloft, to mock the idea as he tried to envision the rigged machine in its completion. Hey, man, if you can get me half of Sugg's fortune, Im in.
It could be dangerous, Mr. Hawk.
Ha-ha-ha...I have a force-field that's resistant to explosives!
The money is already in your online checking account. All you have to do now is withdraw it. Yo, Ill be on the moon, if you need me, son. Peace.
You...are nerds, dude. Can you guys shut the hell up? added an anonymous guy. OH-GOD, MAN! WHY IS THERE SO-MUCH MONEY IN MY ACCOUNT! Lucky yelled, anxiously, unplugging his game console. The next morning, Lucky wore a disguise and took a bus into the city to return the 2.3 billion dollars to its, mysterious, owner. When he arrived, he saw no harm in visiting his lab. He picked the lock and crept inside. There were demons in the lobby possessing the entrance-doors and pillars. Sugg-Soatchio, actually-was the antichrist, he was Lucifer. The demons hurried to the lab to warn Lucifer, who had finished rigging the machine. Lucky stepped into the lab and saw his machines and equipment combined into a masterpiece, unlike anything he could ever imagine. He saw lots of ripped caution-tape swinging - covering rays of light  the machine was powered-on. Ghosts are real; remaining unconscious, they sleep deep in the earth's soil. It is all they possess until judgment day brings them to justice. Humans; spirits; heaven; hell: they're all in the same dimension. Demons possess the Earth's oxygen, weak people, and things to drain the spirit of his Christ from the humans. Angels never wear masks and sneak around, they just stay in heaven. Angels really dislike the earth. It's a dishonor to them because heaven has more thoughtful elements. Lucky saw the panic-alarm button seemingly being activated by a strong gust of wind. Sugg or Lucifer was also an inventor. Who do you think made demons? He hid inside a robotic-human body that he possessed to walk amongst men. After he hit the alarm, he possessed the mechanical-body and ordered his minions to possess Lucky. Lucky saw the whole thing - even the, colossal, demons - all the way up-until a demon smashed him into the wall. Lucky also realized that he made a mistake when he went to sleep the night before. He forgot to charge his force fields battery and it was starting to get weaker. The police and the fire department rushed into the lobby. When Lucky got up, dazed, he stumbled toward the door and tripped. He fell into the machine. It appeared to be a fatal-sequence of electrocutions that should have given him a heart attack. Had he not had his force field, which was about three minutes from shutting-off, he would be a dead man! The force field absorbed a minor charge from the surge, thank God! That's what Lucifer was missing  A lab-rat with one of Lucky's force-fields on. Upset that he hit the alarm button to soon as the police were getting to close to think, Sugg-Soatchio hopped out a window and used a jet-pack that was attached to his body to fly to the roof of the building. One of his minions just HAD to see what Lucky's fate would be. Lucky could see him. He was a huge dragon, but Lucky felt like he was dreaming after surviving the shock, so, he walked over to the minion and touched him. The police ran into a real-live dragon that day. Lucky's roars could be heard from blocks away, so, most of the cops and firefighters had already evacuated. I NEED BACKUP, IT'S A G DINOSAUR! Screaming into their radios for help, the cops scattered as, Lucky, the dragon brought down the pillars and walls of the lobby. Fly was holding a, pocket-sized, holographic-projector. It was projecting the news. LUCK! Float called, awaiting an answer, standing next to Fly by the swimming pool. You look just like this dragon, n! Fly busted into laughter. Quit playin', man...Chill-out, so we can watch the news, I want to see, - Who won the game? 
DRAGON BREATH...! Float and Fly clung hands, laughing aloud, as they watched the footage. Oh-NO! That's Lucky's building! They raced into Lucky's corridor. Fly opened the door. The, gadgetry-drenched, bedroom seemed to have run, all-out of...Luck. That was a, horrible, joke; he was gone! LUCKY! They called, avoiding the distracting machinery while scanning the room from wall to wall. The news helicopter and the NYPD trailed Lucky toward Amy's estate. Float and Fly felt a light vibration expand into large rumbles. They grabbed a few back-up force fields and ran to the front of the mansion. They charged out the front door, finding a live dragon. The dragon curled up in a huge bird bath-fountain in Amy's yard, roaring at the police brigade in the driveway. Fly, a fearless martial-artist, back-flipped around the fountain. Lily and Amy are on their way, and she's bringing Honeysuckle and Rosebush! I'll distract the dragon, while you get them those force fields! Fly ordered Float, knowing what to do. Then, the dragon just fell asleep. Lucky's new machine rolled out of its mouth. Lucky opened hiss reptilian eyes to watch it; they brought forth tears, shutting, for Lucky was so exhausted that he couldn't protect the machine. Fly could see clearly. Lucky? he prompted, with a safe distance. It's me, Fly. Don't ask. It's been a long day.
Are you wearing your armor?
FLY! Lucky knew his over-protective brother, although he was blind and anxious to eat him. Only a man, as smart as Lucky, can hold back. I'm tryin' to help you, what if they start bussin' caps, n?
I am my force-field! Damn it; now, leave me alone. Tell em it's a joke or somethin'. Float shook off the reporters to meet up with his wife and foster sisters at the gates. He hopped into Amy's limousine to say, Before you get out, put these on. but it took like fifteen minutes to assure it wasn't a prank. Detective Joust grabbed the microphone from the news reporter and butt-bumped her off the camera. Hey! 
Keep it on me, or you'll be stuffin' tacos and tortillas in Staten Island. Joust ordered the cameraman signaling his officers to surround Float as he escorted his family into the gates. Man, what I do, man? D' F''' off-me, yo!
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, this is Detective Tony Joust here at Amy Hawk's crib, don't be playa hatin'. I'm yards away from the mysterious dinosaur that's been pummelin' this entire region because of one brave young man. Fitted Hawk, would you mind explainin' this, you ingrate? he lowered his head, tipping the mic toward Float. I'M INOCCENT...SECURITY! 
Boy is your life gonna suck in jail. Can you give me one good reason why I shouldn't shoot you now, other than the fact that you're a gay-singer whose music I hate.
Yo, ha-let me answer my phone, son! Get off me, n, you 'bout to crash my armor.
Take off your force-field and repeat that, I couldn't hear ya  Ha-Ha-Let him go. They released Float, watching him use his cell phone. Float turned toward one of the officers, having not seen them the whole time, And I should o' shook yo' fat ass boys, Joust. BACK UP, n, 'fore I punch you in da stomach and knock the wind out yo' lungs. Breavin' all on my neck like we on dancin' wit' da stars. 
How 'bout you just trust me? - Take off the force-field. I shoot you, we all go home. 
Hello? Float listened to fly on the phone for a second. He turned around to see the dragon's head rise up and nod, vertically, while looking at Float. It's Lucky, Joust! cried Float. Float and the cops moved in closer. The crowd grew silent as Lucky stood and gave a speech. I am a recruiter spirit. I am here to draft your ghosts into my army. I can become any ghost. I can emulate any voice. Your power can become mine at any given time. I can see Lucifer's footprints. I can see his traces. I can sense acts that are aided by Lucifer's essence. I am now replicating one of Lucifer's own warriors. The antichrist is here and I can sense his army. Soon, they will start to come out from hiding, to scare you. I know who deserves this power. In this world, we have no such a force. The dragon vanished, and the machine powered-on. This time the electric currents were under Lucky's control. An electricity-man figure, shaped like Lucky, popped out of the machine's roof. Then, electric people that were shaped like Float, Fly, Amy, and their foster sisters went after their lookalikes. Fly's was cool; it just stepped right into him with that smooth walk. Fly was more intelligent, there were guitar strings attached to his chest, and he lifted off playing them without touching them. He could fly. He knew his signature moves, he could sense the after-life. He was wearing a cape, lighting his way through with holy-fire the hideous sons of Lucifer wouldn't go near. He flung his cape around. It detached itself. The cape possessed the clouds and created a holy-hurricane. He kept throwing these magic holy-explosives into the cloud to stop it. They didn't do him any good. Bullcrap! he said, which is somewhat funny because he was so self-assured when he swung the damn thing. He flew back to see how things were going below. Lucky finished making his legion of eerie super-heroes, powered-off the machine, and possessed the hurricane. It stopped. Then, Lucky replicated Fly's ability to fly and they flew back to Amy's yard together. The family gained immediate exposure, since the news crew was already there. They were all very smart. Their postures were more tolerant and vigilant. Float was exactly like the guy in his video game. Skeeter, riding in the arms of his nanny, exploded with joy! He stretched his arms out and reached for his father. Float took his son and held him in his arms, Super auto-pilot! he called, redundantly. SUPOAH AUHWOAH PIEEE! They both lifted off, lookin' just alike. Skeeter raised his hands up as if he was on a ride at an amusement park. Toys and gifts fell into the hands of the crowd. Holy-fire encircled the gifts. That's my man, said Vogue, formerly known as Amy Hawk. She magically designed all of their costumes in her head. Then, in the blink of an eye, the designs were on them- perfect fit. I know who I am. I am the one who designs holy-fashion. I am his motivator. I am the holy-trend. I am his Vogue. 
Sire, I cannot get my essence into the area. Lucifer's minion assured as he tried to cool them down. Don't sweat it-ha-ha-ha-they'll have to cool down sometime. Lucifer replied, possessing his robotic-body. Fly and his brothers sang to Skeeter and the people in the crowd got hot. You were saying?
Talk to me like i'm an idiot! [AAAHhhhh!] Lucifer answered, while flinging the minion into outer space. Christ's turrets began to fire at the minion. AAH! the minion squealed, trying to swim back, possessing the atmosphere so the human's satellites wouldn't pick him up. Lucifer and his surrounding entourage laughed. There's no need in hiding, now. If they wish to bring forth an army; then so will I. From then on, colossal beasts possessed New York, turning it into one big war. The sons of Lucifer possessed the land brutally peeling hundreds of acres of land up! They left many roads and buildings destroyed! They possessed the dead and used their rotten teeth to bite the citizens to death! In the first hours, thousands died, then hundreds of thousands. Fly went to talk to Lucky about the machine. How is she doin' Fly asked, eager to get back to his new career. I think I've finally figured out what Lucifer was trying to do. Dude, all this thing does is warp bio-electricity around.
But it needs the force-field?
The armor's sensors respond to precise brain signals. They know when youre afraid, If you hear a bullet approaching. But, when the sensors merged with the machine it warped our degree of intelligence allowing us to, subconsciously, bend bio-electricity.
So what was Sugg-Soatchio tryin' to do with this, sort-of, magic?
He was tryin' to make some kind of an army.
Oh. Like the zombie-ambush he sent us a few weeks ago?
No. you know how you feel like these powers are everything you wanted. They are! He's trying to make us kill one another by making us feel like Gods. Lily sat there shining, protecting the meeting from demons, with holy-light that filled her body. She brought the rays down a notch, where her eyes could be looked-into. Well, there ya have it. I think my job here is done. Lily stood, suddenly, igniting with holy-fire. They called their legion 'the generated nukes'. Lucky destroyed the machine. The nukes buckled-down. Sugg-Soatchio met with the world's most mad scientists. He sensed that they were heartless men and women. They were the ones who made W.M.D., and such. Authors and journalists from all over the world wanted to meet the nukes. The heroes weren't easy to catch up with, having to save the city on a daily basis. Vogue was the only one who was always available. She was always in one of her shops, designing holy safe houses, traps, and clothes for the citizens. Mrs. Hawk, why would Little do this to you and your family? Are you ok with it?
We can sense the accuser from light-years away. Little knew that things which will not bring us closer to the spirit of God were not trustworthy, so, he brought us closer to his Lord.
Is Lucky the leader of the legion?
No. Lucky is the weakest. My husband doesn't have to pray to charge his primary-nuke like the rest of us. Since he and I are one, you could say we are the head nukes.
What about Skeeter, is he taking this whole thing well?
The holy-fire comforts him. I always make sure he's wearing my designs to be safe.
And when will the fans be able to buy these fascinating designs and how do your powers work?
The earth will evolve with the dragons when Christ comes to conquer it. There's never too much love due-to mankind, we deserve the best. Keep your bibles close. Vogue's conclusion was vital to the journalists, because an army of dragons stopped them when they left the shop. They could see the demons, as clear as day. They all turned around and banged their fists on the shop's door. Suddenly, a large quilt concealed them all softlyit was Vogue's. A young dragon, up in flames, flew from within the quilt, whirling and screaming, in agony. He was possessing one of the reporters. FATHER! he cried. His brothers fired deadly viruses, serpents, and spiders at the quilt. The people underneath were just about to lift the quilt and make a run for it, when the other nukes arrived. The holy snakes and spiders, who had the ability to talk and see-well, were trying to keep the normal critters out from underneath. CARRY ON MY BELOVED, DO NOT FEAR THE HUMAN! The holy critters asserted- holy fire flarin' and scarin' off the native critters. It's my first day. the mamma holy-snake told reporters while her offspring whined and scared the living daylight out of one-guy. Sh!
What?
That was my last bucket of crap!
Shut up. The sons of Lucifer had a disagreement. Father's essence is so far from here! WHY WON'T HE JUST GIVE US THE SIGNAL! WHY DO YOU WISH TO FIGHT THE LORD FAIRLY? HAS HE FOUGHT YOU FAIRLY? Lucifer's son cried, enraged. WE ARE WHAT WE ARRRRRE! The vengeful demon stampede took off in brief-flashes, headed to kill the holy-quilt. ARE YOU UPSET BECAUSE YOURE UGLY?! Float's holy-voice sang, burning their ears until they threw in their, signature...earplugs. Their eyes burned when they looked at him. He didn't have to switch modes like the video game. He was floating forty feet high with props- like the ones in stage-plays -floating around him. He was holding a giant fork with a neat napkin tucked in his collar. Get over here frog legs, I need you for my souffl...' Float jested, the props or charm-mode projectiles slowly fading away forever. OH YEAH, WELL YOU JUST FELL RIGHT INTO OUR TRAP HUMAN!
WHAT TRAP? (Go along, stupid!) - TRAPPED YOUR ASSES!
Everyone get into the shop, now! cried Vogue, rapidly-drenching the building with decorates. N, I should spear one of yaa ns for lyin' to me like that! Float threw a spear like a champion. The spear shot past the dragons like a speeding bullet, prior to vanishing. Three thoughtful-tornadoes crashed into the dragons, leaving them severely burned, while the city's people panicked. Lucky absorbed Vogue's abilities and threw a huge tablecloth over the dragons to finish them off. Whoever said a nice-evil picnic wasn't possible was a liar. said Lucky. Eat my holy-shorts, buddy! Float joked. Suddenly, Fly and his brothers' laughing ended - A bigger dragon with some of Lucky's old machines, attached and ready to be used, all-over it's body! Jump and run mode. Eat my dust buddy!
Float!
I'm just kiddin', The dragon was looking back at them, infuriated. He's lookin' right-at us...where do we start? Then Sugg-Soatchio began to use his new accessories to his advantage. He started a zombie-attack; he was crappin' out dragons! I say, we go for the big one! Honeysuckle, Lily, and Rosebush Holmes had just finished charging their primary-nukes, with prayer. When they joined their fellow nukes, they jumped right into battle. Lily worked the grounds, trying to consume her foes within a ball of light that, gradually, swallowed whatever she touched. Rosebush and Honeysuckles dresses gave them the ability to fly. Like Fitted, when the humans lay eyes on them, the humans charge! Man, Rosebush is hot! one of the male by-standers complimented. She sure is! Rosebush said, flaring. Rosebush had holy-grenades like Fly. All of the female nukes can channel their holy light for extra defense. The males cannot, but their attacks make up for it. Honeysuckle absorbed the strongest of the beasts into her force field of light. When they got close to Sugg-Soatchio, the female-nukes were completely drained. Float, charged them and they kept onward. He'll take a century to roast.
Hey, man, I think these things are healing! Lucky cried. Fly ripped one of the dragon's heads off to uncover wires and gears. It's a robot. These things aren't even real. Who would do this to us? The Dragon's head wouldn't move when Fly tried to drop it. We need more time to strategize.
DID SOMEBODY SAY, TIME? Timothy yelled as the dragon's head fell. He was wearing one wrist-watch on each of his arms. From the looks of things, he could become lighter like Float. Tim, you're a nuke?
Not really. I'm just a guy who can stop time...O.k., Im a nuke! Lucky absorbed Timothy's abilities. Two wristwatches, like Timothy's, appeared on his wrists. He could stop time, but not all time- only within chosen areas. The watches didn't effect the other nukes. Timothy, do you think you can use those watches to hold him still? asked Rosebush; slapping a human-guy in the faceHe was pushing-up on her. As the remaining nukes attacked, Little and Timothy locked onto Sugg-Soatchio. They got him! WHAT IS THIS? yelled Sugg-Soatchio. Lily, who couldnt fly, ran as fast as she could to devour Sugg with her primary-nuke. Heavily gasping for air, she touched him. Light left her hand and commenced to devour Sugg. He cried roars in very sharp-pain! Wait! said Lily. She possessed the dragon and popped out yelling, IT'S A ROBOT! The giant robot exploded, revealing the real Sugg-Soatchio escaping. HAHAHA...YOU THINK I'M STUPID ENOUGH TO FALL FOR THAT. I LEFT FOR YOU A GIFT YOU'LL NEVER FORGET! There was a huge bomb inside the robot. Fly and Float possessed the bomb together. The bomb went into the ocean. Edit- a man in exquisite mercenary attire popped out of the bomb, floating like Fitted. The bomb went-off! The world, around Edit was an icebox. The humans were frozen  devolved into Neanderthals underneath the endless ice. Edit saw a gang of highly armed mercenaries who were setting up camp near Vogue's shop. He joined them. Who the hell are you?
His Lord, we are the super-thieves...Your servants...Ling, Jewel, Sapphire, and Ruby. I am Selt, this is Ocean...Are you alright, sir? 
Of course, Im alright! Get back to work! [To be continued...] 
SECTION VI
SUPER MARLYNN GAWNDEN
 In the midst of an unknown broadcasting studio, a cupid named Little-Azarban leans against a wall and hits a tiny cigarette halfway gone. He was wearing a leather jacket and sunglasses. The set was dim and the only light came from the equipment. Azarban's wife comes onto the set dressed nice but she's upset...She wants to have another baby, but Ban's addicted to junk food so he's struggling with aging. Training to age patiently makes the spy-cherubs evolve into nicer cupids. Shes like 5 and a half feet taller; she looks down at him, Little-Azarban, you have to make a choice, it's either me or your sweet tooth.
How am Im apposed to woahk on such a big wesponsibiwity and i'm still woahking on mysewf...? 
That's what you want... She sobs and walks away. He flies after her. I was directing the film. I want a group of guys and some giants- A Hollownaut who was walking by stops to look at me and jokes, Dude, keep your sex life private, nobody wants to know that at work, uhh. Im just so disappointed; youre the write armor for Petes sake! 
Ha-Very funny, get back to work. The bots that were filming and acting approach me. One of 'em says, His merciful, when I turn to it, my halo gleams and it says, Hollowbotics, he handed me a new pair of glasses. So you won't lose anymore.
Hey I appreciate it kid- and call me Marlynn. Hollowbots are the only form of currency in Axe, besides life points. Hollowbots are synthetic ghosts but they look as real as you and I. They can posses each other. Branded by the term defense-belts because the angels of Axe wear them to keep from being incarcerated so easily; Super Hollowbots can become any element and any type of cell. You know someone is wealthy when they recycle Hollowbots to make moons and arenas in Axe like the Generated Nukes, the wealthiest angels of Axe besides the wealthy write armor of course 

(The The Super Thieves narrator audio plays) So everybody got back to work. 
 WAIT A MINUTE...! cried an angelic accent from Edits fancy Conestoga wagon. [Based on video game ideas and upcoming novels by Marlynn Swanigan] 
As the super-thieves narrator audio played the 4D hovered away from the synthetic holy thieves and silently soared into the wagon. (God, thy will be done, dude.) HEY? WERE TRYIN TO SHOOT A MOVIE HERE! Bot Edit joked while Bot Selt prayed to charge the hollownaut he had summoned for Bot Edit. Two of the original angelic officers or generated nukes - Ultra Groove and Ultra Demo - sat together haunting the wagon. They had their own custom shoe, defensive gear, and clothing designs. They always talked as if they were about to start performing a song. The 4D camera began filmin em, filling its reel with life points it soaked up from their angelic skin  prepared to evolve any being who viewed itOutside Bot Selt tried to wiggle out one of the jewels from Bot Edits armor. Bot Edit pushes him. He shoves him back. Window, Demo called. It looked like glass; it was made of a balloon so finely assembled; a razor-thin display sustained itself to the identical twin officers softly without wavering. It hovered in front of them. Demo got a message from his girlfriend Rihanna. Man why is this woman always nagging me? Im trying to come home for Gods sake Groove and Luck encourage him. Because youre not playing, youre really in love. 
 Dude, women nag every time they open their mouths. 
Every single one  I dont even look at the body no more, I look at the mouth and spirit. Boy you cannot argue with a woman. Just be with her, no matter what she says 
Amen, you gotta ask yourself, whose mouth do I wanna see moving a thousand miles an hour? Who do you want teaching your kids for the rest of their lives? 
Her hands are smaller, her feet, her shoes - its so cute - yall dont understand, I want her to win - we got a thing Im with her no matter what she does; we have so much funThy documents- (VWOOM-VWOOM!) We brought Little Azarban along, because Ultra Groove was still training him to age. By aging patiently, the cupids evolve into more powerful and less rotten forces. It makes them tough. Azarbans the strongest Generated Nuke, but aging training makes the spy-cherubs less sensitive. HA-DOOWDWOOK AT THIS...! Little yells to get Demos attention, swimming in tiny Amolvian toys, zipping around the wagon, his halo breathing from his tiny wings and vanishing after a few seconds. He was playing a little harp memorably; the cupids are addicted to playing music. [Hollow-term: Halo has a mind of its own. No angel has the same halo. Like the special effects in a movie, but angelic and real. Remember the glitter that fell from Ezequadors hand in Axe. Grooves Halo often appears to be miniature fireworks when hes in combat. When you hit an angel, the collision will spawn its halo; it always fades away and grows flashier with life power.] Bans sons were there too: Hud, Man, and Pooh, all stage-one spy-cherubs like their father. And Super Amolvia had a new king- Pooh Azarban landed on top of the window device, nearly identical creatures quietly sneaking by behind him; they appeared and faded every so-often, tuning their gadgets like thieves, or spies going for the lollipop Little strapped to his back that morning before we set-up, which is twice his size with other treats danglin from it Azarban, what you doin with all that candy. Demo, look at this fool. 
Uhm, wits the mew ssyoahw
Ha-It aint no new style! Groove leans in to observe Demos window. Demo was entering a pass code for access to secret super-replays. [Hollow-term: Super-Replays are replays that can charge your spirit while you watch em! Any collision between dark and light or supernatural evolution captured on film.] Azarban bounced on the window like it was a trampoline. DOOOOOOWDwess gopway in the smoe... Demo covers his window to enter his pass code. Really, ayst? I got like infinite holy flamethrower, and you dont trust me, ayst? Unbelievable, ayst. [The elder Amolvian alumni say, Ayest, young Amolvians say ayst] Groove asks, not having to pray to charge his nuke a day in his life, burning up in holy flames. There ARE demons who can read minds, chief, The super-replay started, OK, Whats wrong with this picture? Demo pauses the footage; his halo erupts from his head to show his mood. Aw, crap, WATCH! The original Super-Watch peeped into the wagon from above, hangin up side down. Engaging. He answered, locking his super-hollow tic onto the interior of the wagon. He was wearing two wristwatches. The super-hollow toc is just a profile device  It stores data; his window sprouts from it, charms, clones, and such Hollowbotics. Luck quietly jumps down from atop of the wagon to the ground. Scanning... He reported, giving off a wide force field, turning the other nukes stronger! Get me the write armor, ayst. [Hollow-term: The Write-Armor is the angel of Axe who has infinite wealth! The essence cherub, Marlynn, who can produce infinite Hollowbotic objects, worlds, and all angelic armors whether holy or profane.] (WWMPP-WWMP-Wwmpp) as I approached the wagon, powerful waves of force tumult from my feet like miniature bombs every step I took. I peep into the wagon, look at super watch, and then look at my co-producers. MAAWIN! Man called me, blowing his cover. Just like that, Azarban was on to em. He pulled his dangling treats up and clutched them in his arms, checking behind himself in curiosity. Groove and Demo were funding the super multiplex operation. The generated nukes are very wealthy angels. Scourge a monster or unplug the enemy, earn Hollowbots. [Hollow-term: Unplugged is when ghosts destroy a defense-belt or the bot occupied for extra defense by an opponent. Their blur projectiles and charms faint in lack of Hollowbotics; their sirens buzz in their earpieces and live sportscasts, they cant be heard or hear other profile-belts.] Heck, we needed each other. [Hollow-term: The super multiplex is a paranormal device that appears to be a collection of black, eerie, lanterns. No super movies exist today, but their purpose is to give instant-evolution or angelic armor/organs. When a ghost possesses a lantern, they will find themselves in a movie theatre. A 4D movie will be put on and every time the actor gets life points so will the ghost whos watching. This is the perfect secret operation because the exiles, who dont know about 4D cinema, have been cheating since the opening of Axe. Development would be a lot harder without the help of Super Marlynn, a fragile man who transformed into an essence-cherub when he married an angel of Axe. An essence-cherub is an angel who can be in more than one place at a time.] What the junk are you guys doin? I joked. We were in a state of peace. We had no worries. Dude, this is the Quake Fu Edit bot! 
Who Cares? 
Oh my God, I know you did that on purposeSame ol super MarlynnI know youre up to something.
Ha-What? Who? Hey, Edit, come here. Bot Edit hops over and puts his arm around me, holding a Quake Fu melee bar. (AA!) (MNGGG!) (WHI-WIDOW DHH!) Lengthy white dust clouds fire away like large cannons. (WEETWWEEEET!) What happened to the camera? How many Hollowbots do we get for this? I love all your work by the way. 
Whats Axe comin to? (AAA!) I spawn a Moonnauttwo seconds later he wants me to pay him. Bot Edit laughs. I just gave you life! Damn, you havent even done anything yet. All you did was pop out of a box and say get back to work. You get back to work. 
HA-I am working Everyone cheered, RE-CYCLE; RE-CYCLE; RE-CYCLE! (POOH; POOH; POOH)
WHAT DO WE WANT  (RE-CYCLE) (CANN-NY!) When do we want it? (NOW!) Bot Edit ran. So- here- this whole time, the twins and I were filming meThe sands in Axe and the pillars of Lucky Hawks laboratory - all me Fitted, Christ, Yuity, Joust - all Hollowbotics - very expensive and highly polished bots. First, we shot Axe using my write armor and a few Marrowbots to help us film. Marrowbots can spawn many bots of their own. Be sure to let me know if you see anyone wasting Hollowbots, Ill fire their asses in a heartbeatIm kidding This was a secret operation, but sometimes things dont always go as planned. We all growl, sensing demons outside my write armor. ERRH-Were surrounded; urrrhh-ya just had to film it here! Groove looked like he was about to explode, his eyes lit up. We all ignited. No evil could get to us. Something was trying to drill into my write armor. Protective gear, heat sensors, and bionic eyes, the sons of Lucifer stood and waited outside my armor. They sensed Ultra Groove. Ultra Groove, suddenly, double clocks in his defense-belt! [Hollow-term: double-clocked is when ghosts get an adrenalin rush and move in fast-motion. Sometimes their defense belts - clones or bots theyre possessing - can slow them down a bit, depending on how dense the bots are. It is evident how dense an object is by how difficult it is to possess it] I recycled my write armor, before they drilled us bankrupt due to damage costs. Hell is not made for men, its made for devils. Do you want to be a character? If so, what type of character do you want to be? The more you judge Gods belongings, the more fear of being judged by his belongings will come to life in you. We belong to God. Demo turned and looked into the 4D as if he was on the news or something. He flipped it off. These guys were at like -15,000 each, thats a lot of cheating. What the junk is that? I want it  GET THAT CAMERA, NOW! yelled Verin, a very impatient exile or fallen angel. Ultra Groove lifted off summoning a floating dance floor every so often, so he could attack airborne. They werent using their darkness or their extremely powerful evil-arctic projectiles, trying to seize the camera and see what we were doing. We could hear the heat sensors going off in their bionic eyes. Their scientists kick ass, man. Verin galloped and fell flat on his face or snout beak, I dont know- I cant even look at these uglysI was losing bots, so, I possessed Edit before they got to him. ROCKET HOOKS! (WHOP!-BOOM! --BOOM!) Try what you willATOMIC UPPERCUTS! Edit is a holy-thief [300] so his angelic skin is explosive resistant. RUN! They took a few snapshots, then a dark bot grabbed the camera and Verin atrociously nuked us, leaving behind a brutal blizzard of darkness. All I could see was my angels, flaring and searching for me. Someone kicked me in the head and unplugged my defense-belt. PHOAHG-HelloSon of a- (the wind whistles against his swinging foot) OHHWHHH! I took another kick to the abdomen, curled with aching ribs, and rolled over slowly. He was an illegitimate ninety, named Scold Crimson The illegitimate nineties are a troop of human ghosts who are at 90 to 99 death points. Its not easy to obtain this rank. Eternal frostbite comes with 100 death points and you dont want to know how much EF hurts. Welcome, welcomeHa-so youre the prosperous write armor, the great super Marlynn? 
HAT! I couldnt see him because he was inside a Hollownaut and only the bots have darkness sensors. Hey, I havent evolved like that No  you can call me Mr. meeky. I don't think it's the right thing to beat up the nineties - they need love. Now if he was a devil, he'd get a good beat down! Oh, dont worry, I will let you live for now- not until after I rob you, and then I will kill you again and again and again. (WHHPP!) (AUGHHHH!) I was the wealthiest angel in Axe, but I was just hoping he didnt know; it sounded like he knew, but I wasnt sure. If only I could see this guy, Id take him out. Hey, he caught me off guard. It was the first time I was vulnerable in years. I was surprised, but not worried. Super Marlynn, (OHF!) I got ya kid, oh my God - You got your butt kicked with a Quake Fu bot - You suck! Scold Crimson possessed a palm tree, also taking his defense belt with him. Yeah, technology is on another level in this place. Screw that, dude, theyre still here! Demo sensed my life point, charged grenades with holy light, and started throwing at the palm tree. The darkness died. He unplugged Scold Crimson and the living light morphed into holy chains, which restrained Scold Crimson. Demos defense increased, according to his halo, and his exterior became even sharper on the eyes. What do we have here? Youre goin down, ayst! Groove intimidated him with the idea of eternal captivity, but he just wanted the kid to change. Oh, youre all scum goes Scold Crimson.  Just stop letting the devil use you, kid. Demo punched him in the face and a demon fell out of his body. LOOK AT THAT, Groove screamed and got in his face, he got like mouth to mouth with the guy spitting and yelling like one of those southern pastors, YOU ASKED FO FRENCH FRIES (amen) BUT (Come on) YOU EATIN SH BISCUITS! (Amen) N, I CAN PEE IN YO MOUTH IF I WANTED TO! 
Ha-What? - the heck are you talkin about? I asked redundantly double clocked in my ragged, yet, expensive Edit bot. N, I CAN PUT MY BALLS ON YO FOREHEAD, ONLY GOD HIMSELF CAN SAVE YOU! GET YO SH TOGETHER, AND TAKE YO WACK ASS TO SCHOOL N FIND YOU A GOOD GIRL WIT SOME BIG TITTIES, B! How you gone come in my house? - AT 3:45! - ON Friday! I know nukewondo, WATHAAA! He suppressed the light, Get outta here, man- said Groove; he recharged the light. PSYCH, B! NEVA GETTIN' OUT! Groove concluded Then, he rapped about his hairline for a few seconds and Demo let him go. Wow God sure is very welcoming, he didn't even get me my last prayer. Said Scold Crimson. He threw a bunch of invisible flying mines into the air and ran away. Zybu and Tablet show up holy guns blazing into thin air. Zybu, what the hellThey got the camera. 
Azarban and Hud led us here, so, all is well? 
No- Wheres pooh? I asked scanning the open world. The Amolvians were gonna be pissed! Mans in my heart, answered Demo. Ok, who lost Pooh, and dont say me. Vogue - an Amolvian woman and Grooves wife - appeared and put her finger in Grooves face. While giggling she said, Ha-You lost Pooh! 
Girl, byeHow I lose him? (HHHP) Groove snarled humbly with his angelic mouth, using his flamethrower to cover up the cold purple air he exhaled. Everybodys been following you guys profile-belts since you started filming Axe; thats how they found you in the first place.
Awh- Why yall aint say nothin...?
Why would I? Theres nothing like watching a good fight. Ha-And you need to watch your mouth, you just said something about your nuts ha-and my parents were watching you! 
Whatever Girl, you a black-ass lie! (HHHP) 
Those who make villains have a villain withinWindow Vogue opened the replay as Groove kept trying to lift off with her and the window; she pulled him back down. Then, she expanded the display gigantic. Zybu laughed so hard he almost cried. An announcer introduced himself like a real sports telecast, he talked about Groove and Vogue  married hollow dwellers share statistics and souls - then he showed the replay, (Super Replay: Groove calls Pooh over. Just as Pooh is about to go into Grooves heart, Groove is forced to leave his defense-belt. Pooh possesses the bot and Groove watches him take a flurry of dark hammer melee strikes. The bot disintegrates into fine particles that go into the offending dark Gawnden increasing his defense. Pooh isnt there) All, yeah, I forgot all about that. Groove lied. When we got back to Super Amolvia, Veunic had hundreds of spare multi-Ds on separate alters. Thank God I sighed heavily in relief, falling into the golden stone floor and rolling over onto my back. We had been filming Generated Nukes for two years. It had been so long since we were in this place. Super Amolvia was holy  no monsters, native ninjas, sorcerers, and dark Gawnden  theyre prohibited from visiting, but they send bots anyway, so... O.k., were gonna keep filming, as planned- LISTENNN Try to stay in the bots, and if you notice anything fishy about the dark bots do not hesitate to call us for help. 
What if my bots balls itch and I dont wanna help him scratch? 
Ha-Ha I mocked an Amolvian swordsman. He wasnt even going he was just walking by. Hey, if they infiltrate our operation, we gotta just ride it out. Anara jumps out of one of the high doors of the city to come down and say hi. AND THE MISS AMOLVIA AWARD GOES TOANARA DIPSEL! I hollered that at the top of my lungs, she was still descending from high up. Demo starts singing about her, he can just make up like these perfect songs so quickly and easily Ha-Boy sit down somewhere. She laughs. Then she challenges Groove, Ahem, she clears her throat. Excuse me. 
Ha-Oh, snap!
Where is my gauntlet, ayst? Dont play dumb, ayst!
Cmon, Anara, Ill give you a shot. 
Dont go easy on me; I can rap, now, ya better be careful
Gauntlet: Anara @ Groove
Groove: What yo ol ass gone say?/ girl where yo walker, this is not ok.../ Freaky ol stalker and you know you aint got no shape.../ plus you look like Mega Verin by the face/ Rapunzel you lost ya mind/ in that tower all day/ yo this aint no fairy tale/ now you wish you wouldve just fell/ yo you challenged the wrong one/ this aint a battle yo, cause I already won/ hot and perverted and you down here flirtin/I am certain all they wanna do is close da damn curtains/ its a wrap
All, its like that?
Yeah, what you got? I know you wrote it.
Anara: My son made you possible, so, you are my sons/ I would never flirt with you, because youre not even fun/ please, you wish/ I dont want to see it/ I know you have a butterflys penis/ (AHAA!) (GET HIM, BABY!) I cant see it recognize who the queen is/ I will cut you to pieces and loot your riches but youre just one of the cheapest, cheapest (OOHHH!) I have written it but not for this/ I just wanted to save you time and tell you in some way- youre ugly as sh/ its in my diary/ youre very fiery/ what I believe is its because you never.. Arrive any all the bots and Amolvians cheered for Anara, Groove had finally lost a rap gauntlet. Groove asked her if she had any shout outs. As she breathlessly began saying names, ( HUMPH, ) I jumped on top of the Super Amolvian flagpole, then I turned to my followers and said, It is safe with me, come this wayGawndihowl Morph jumping high and landing in the new filming site, disappearing out of sight as the set assembled out of thin air. 
(The super thieves narrator audio plays) In the dark icy world, Selt cloned Ling and prayed to charge the clone. The clone saluted, grew patient, and tried to steal a jewel from Edits armor. FREE THE HUMANS! The super thieves nuked the Neanderthals to Generated nukes, and the world was full of super heroes, who were after the dragons. A dragon tries to come out of the ground and his head turns to ashes. (POW-HAHLELLUJAHH.) Underground, the ghost of a classical man in a tuxedo slapped a dragon, flipped him off, and then he went to heaven. (AHHHHHH) OHH, WHAT KINDA TWISTED CRAP IS THIS? A dragon cried He was possessing the ice in the arctic, hiding out, when he sensed it alone. It was a dark night, and he was an evil dragon, but he was bright like white light. The super thieves chased him, possessing the frozen sea with him. It looked like lights were swimming in the arctic. 
(KLIK-KLAKKAHPOP) (UHH-) a dark Gawnden sniper shot Bot Ocean! Ferocious Bot Sugg Soatchio turned around and unplugged Bot Selt and Bot Edit (SNIPER! WATCH YOUR SIX!) with his bare teeth! He snapped at me as powerful rifle rounds fly at everybody pumping with dark life power. Our cameramen and also theirs were being sniped off their posts. Gawndihowl morph...
 (The Super Hat World: The Movie narrator audio plays) Zombies terrorized central park, Sugg Soatchio is well hidden, and the people of New York were running for their lives. The ground was ripping apart and throwing the people dangerously high into the air. Suddenly, somebody wanted to dance with them. Super Hat-
BLAH BLAH BLAH, I dont wanna hear it. A devil leading a troop of zombies couldnt get to the ears of Super Hat. The devils dive toward Super Hat; they dig their feet into the ground for speed! They run into a concrete wall! (WWAMM! ) Like talkin to a brick wall, uh? While Cape smashes his fists into the zombies cheeks, Hat spawns a punching bag to mock them. Then, he did one of those acrobatic handstands and as light as a feather, he started break dancing and hover sliding. Lethal weapons appeared from his aura and crashed into the demons; Razor sharp hooks and flame-throwers. Flys heart boiled in peace in the back of Capes mind, packed in by the complete innocence of the acoustic guitar strings strumming on his chest. Hat could run super fast, he was leaving flames behind. Super Watch joined and they all went turbo, just like Fitteds game. 
A dark superstar shot Super Watch (UGHH-), then Bot Hat fell (HHAGHH-), and then Bot Cape collapsed! They were missing, but Hollowbots took off and refilled the Dark Gawnden, numerous zombie bots falling into the crossfire. How the crap do they keep finding us? I saidI karate chopped a dark sniper and swiped the rifle. I charged a round with holy light. Then I aimed and started firing at Verin. (POP-POP-POP) (AAA!) I was right next to himGawndihowl morph...
(The Super Hat Capoeira: The Movie narrator audio plays)  [Rio de Janeiro] 
Former mafia hit man turned super hero visits his Capoeira Mestre in Brazil. An old man, kneels out, chin over his knee, and (CLAP-CLAP) claps to the rhythm of the bateria. HAHAA! You wanna know my secret don't you? Hes old so he thinks its something The Guitar strings on Flys chest twang along. The Mestre stops for a few seconds to pop his junk pumping the air with his fists Fly cheered and joined a little Roda, but he still wasnt too good with that Cape of hisHe started another hurricaneDanger struck, but everybody thought he had things under controlThey air walked and kept playingFlys heart droppedPeople were spinning in a tornado, so, he started to fly in and save them The nukes could take pain for people, so, he had to absorb some hits too! HA-OWW! When Fly walked in, he had his own bateria, refreshments, and everything. D F?! DamnFly, what you doin? Yo, do ya thing, Imma let you, yahmean! Float whispered to himself grinning hard. He smiled and leaned against the wall out of the way, people flying around the building. Yo, this n buggin, sonYo, that sh tight, you see how he got em like to the beatWord! Luck slapped Floats hand and leaned on the wall with him. YONOT A DRILL, LUCKHELP! (OH SH!) Lucky and Fitted hopped off the wall to aid Fly. Lucky Network! Lucky turned the people into Super Hats temporarily- flashing electric sparks shaped like baseball caps on their heads. Then the people were unable to fall, they were floating. Finally, he stopped the wind. Yo? What up with that? Fly asked the entire school as they hovered and dashed over to greet Super Hat and Lucky like Brazils ultimate dance crew or something. Whenever Float could get to Fly, he yelled over the cheers, SORRY IM LATE, N... 
HEY, I LEARNED A NEW TRICK.
WHAT?
THEY TAUGHT ME A MAGIC TRICK! Fly raised his hands in front of Float. PICK A FINGER, ANY FINGER Float busted into laughter. Fly flipped him off and said, IS THIS YOUR FINGER? Zombies and drooling dragons raided the building. Fitted generated holy gifts wrapped in decorative paper, like Christmas presents, into the hands of all who were there, even his brothers. The people grew calm and sat. Aww, thank you, man- I shouldve got you somethinImma remember next year, wow Fitted and Fly sang to the school as they fought the undead. It was like nothing the Mestre had ever seen, so, he got up and popped his junk like a stripper with his eyes shut Lucky said, God have mercy, and give us strength. And the Lucky network twisted and shot off like fireworks. The mutant count increased. The magic Hat was perfect for them to use their Capoeira techniques. The zombies were pissed they couldnt eat the humans anymore, so, they all went after Lucky Holy gear appeared on the people, and Vogue ran in the front door grappling and wrestling demons. She was wearing like mixed martial arts gloves. 
 (IRRRRRHBOOM) the ceiling creaks like something heavy was being moved around on it. Everybody stopped and looked up. A giant faun stepped into the building and it was awarded many bots, or should I say it stepped into my pocketsHe was a bot who wasnt supposed to arrive until the last scene. HAAHHH! We were ready this time, we sniped them first. AMBUSH! yelled a Hollowbot who was filming via 4D. ENEMY MULTI-D. (FILMING!) MOVE IN! (ENGAGING!) they operated in packs like wolves. Most of the inexpensive bots dissolved and the Hollowbots flew into the dragon along with the pulverized wreckage. The pipes snapped and the dragon laughed. Bot Fitted and Bot Fly's sirens sounded. I slapped the dragon with a melee bar and snatched its skin off. My bots amount increased...For no fing reason! Then, I look into my surround belt- SH, MAN...SPEAK IN TONGUES...MY HALO! A dragon's ass trying to squash me alive! As my followers laughed and bit their Hollowbotic fingernails, I gawndihowled. Hahaha. A spy-cherub chuckles and flies into the shot wearing a demolition cape. Poow, moowv, doowd! 
AHAA! Pooh laughed harder and ignored his dad. WHI'-WIDOW-DHH! (AAA!) broiling halo and white dust clouds knock Pooh off the view! You could tell he was far away, because he screamed again and it was all like distant. The cinematographer bots were having a conversation about the cupids. "Dude, spy-cherubs crap gummy bears. I saw it!"
"HAHAHA-What?! They do not!"
"That's a myth, we don't crap!"
Little-Azarban hops onto Grooves lap, strains, and groans. "AGGGGGG." to Groove's surprise, there was a single gummy bear in his diaper when he checked. One of the hollownauts celebrated. OHHH! TOLD YOU! IN YOUR FACE!
 Gawndihowl morph
(The shoesick narrator audio plays)  [Guest285: Fat guy- You look like ice cream. Megavanitits: Hi, Hun... Guest285: Are you ok? i'll protect you. Megavanitits: Take me in private and i'll tell you. Guest285: Cheap guy- tell me a little bit about yourself first. Megavanitits: Take me in private show first. :) Guest285: Romantic guy- Seriously, i'm dying to know how to make you tingly. I bet you are so warm and softly gentle on me. Guest285: Funny guy- Jesus Christ! Way too many guys! - I'm outta here! Megavanitits: >< @$#% GRRR! Guest285: Lazy guy- this isn't an excuse- I ain't goin' nowhere, baby! Guest285: Honest guy- you're hotter than any chic I ever seen in any porn! Guest285: Gangster guy- you work for me, and I gotta pay you, 'uh? Guest284: Police Guy- That fool lost his mind. Megavanitits: Hi, baby :) Guest285: Dead guy- I really wish I made better choices. Megavanitits: I like dead guy, that's hot LOL Guest284: disgusting, i'm rebooting. Guest285: Fun guy- see we can be happy without private. Guest285: I like you I want to marry you, ya know? I don't care, I just want to give you the world, ya know? When I go platinum, of course. Guest284: n, don't nobody wanna play yo' horny ass music! Guest285: emotionless guy- n, who f'''in' asked you? You Nostradamus, now? She may not like me now, but, i'll make it where she never has to do this sh ever again! Megavanitits: No, stay, I like all the guys. You're funny :)] She screamed and two guys with assault rifles barge in and grab her. Marlynn's heart fell, and he grew vigilant. He was deep in love. He was going to save her and find out her real name. Well, at least that's what he thought. OK, God, you're not gonna let me die... At just sixteen years old, he wasn't able to do much- he had no money, no car, no friends. He was just a lonely geek with a knack for writing funny sh. He was skinny and not very physically strong. He ran away from home. It was brave, but lust- that lust kicks ass. Yet, how heroic- he was dying in the wilderness one cold night when his fate drastically shifted in his favor. He was about to eat a bug, already tasting exhaustion, when he was stalked by an angel of Axe. Rosebush knew there was nothing waiting for Marlynn in New Mexico, besides the daughter of Satan, Vanity, and her pet Moonnaut chupacabra! Although Marlynn was a nerd, who never struck anyone as heroic or strong, deep down, he was magical... Have you ever thought about life and asked yourself (What happened to the magic?) I think it all went into Marlynns heart! Rosebush summoned a bot-fisherman, who fed Marlynn and taught him to fish. She knew she had to keep Marlynn moving, realizing that her next plan would bring the lad holy treasures and supernatural power. The bot cried when he was asked to ditch him and recycle! Two hikers saw Marlynn and wanted to meet him. Yet, when Marlynn turned to them to introduce himself, they saw a large hairy figure appear behind him. Well, you guys aren't all that bangin' yourselves, Bigfoot taps Marlynn on the shoulder. He turns around, TRAITORS-AA! Bigfoot yanked the boy off his feet and pinned him on the ground. WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY HOUSE, KID. 
DON'T EAT ME, DUDE! Take it easy, I was just seeing if you wanted some fish, that's all, my hairy brother.... So he let Marlynn go and stood up. Marlynn gasped and Bigfoot took a few steps away, then he turned around saying, Hey, you know how to fix a laptop? Follow me. As they headed for Bigfoot's camp, Marlynn says, What kind of laptop is it? 
I have internet, but it's moving slow as all outdoors. 
Oh, dude, I thought you had one of them prehistoric-old busted up heavy-ass two hundred pound shs with the antenna. 
Hell naw... 
It's probably like to many junk files, then. Hey, how much would you pay me to fade you down? Boy, you ain't gettin' no woman with fur in yo' ass. Oh! - I almost forgot the fish, my n. Marlynn snatches up his catch and walks with the Sasquatch. Bigfoot's camp was full of expensive hunting gear, there was a luxury RV and handheld TVs switched to children's educational programs. MAN, YOU WATCH SESEME STREET?! 
YEA, how do you think I speak so well? 
OH, ok...MAN! WHERE YOU GET ALL THIS SH?! 
I steal it from campers. 
So you just scare people away and jack 'em? 
Pretty much, yea. But, out here, there's a carnivore on the loose. Have you ever heard about the chupacabra? 
Shoot his ass; you got a crossbow right here, sh... 
No, he's very fast. I can't, but he can't find me. He can smell you from very far away. And I just want you to be careful, here. 
Man, forget Chupacabra, runnin' 'round bitin' livestock. Check it out- what kind of cereal does chupacabra eat for breakfast? Bigfoot smirks, having so much hatred toward the wild creature, unable to resist. What? 
Chicken pops! Bigfoot laughs. Isn't that why they call him chew-pacabra? I'm serious, man. I mean, what does he get sick with, mad chow disease? (HAAAHAAAHAAHHAA!) I bet when he was born, he didn't hatch out of the egg, he ate the shell and found himself in a world of trouble. Bigfoot falls weak laughing his lungs off, rolling around on the ground. I'm serious man, it ain't funny. Get yo' big ass up. Don't be sad for the cow he just killed, it died from lookin' at this ugly thing not from the huge bite marks on the ribs. It passed out way before anything physical. If you see the chupacabra call the authorities right away! Yeah, if I don't take a cardiac arrest right away! I mean you gotta eat like he eats if you're as ugly as he is... It stormed later that night, the Sasquatch slept in his normal spot- outside. Marlynn took advantage of the RV space. A television left on blasting high fidelity audio as Marlynn got the best sleep he had in months.
 In the dark, as the lightning flashes, a silhouette of a male figure was just standing there, between the trees, near the left of the RV. CUT! I shouted... It was Vlad. I knew, only Vlad would show up somewhere lookin' like a vampire. He had on a long leather coat with rings and all kinds of jewelry. WHAT THE HELL...DO YOU WANT? 
I'm here to drraft a-Superr Marrlynn, I saw a-that he has-a no men-a-torrr. 
YOU CAN'T DRAFT HIM; HE'S THE WRITE ARMOR, YOU IDIOT! IF YOUD TURN YOUR DAMN WINDOW ON AND STOP BEING SO OLD SCHOOL, YOU WOULDN'T BE HERE MAKING MY SET SMELL LIKE PARMESON GARLIC BREAD! yells Bot Sasquatch. Vlad stares at the furious Bot... Vwhat an id-diot; Who in the world is this punk?! Vlad's an officer. His rank is just as high as Zybu, Groove, Demo, and Azarban's. He's been filling gaps since long before Bot Sasquatch existed. When Groove looks at Vlad, seeing Vlad has gawndihowled and looks a lot younger than normal, he hollers laughter at Vlad. He starts taking snapshots, playing replays, and assigning wallpapers. Vlad was always the one who despised morphing; He was always on a power trip, like  I dont need to change - now hes morphed. We stopped for the day and fought our way back to the Super Amolvian border. An illegal gauntlet was in full effect, but a giant golden calf named Bully and a human named Abed-nego were just horse playing so...Ruien watched and laughed in amusement. It was innocent. The golden calf snarled and gave Abed-nego a wedgie as the cupids tried to lasso it to sell it for money. All the holy Gawnden were there, even my role model, Hyper Nicholas. You may refer to him as Santa. Humiliation does not last forever, but a mans not knowing what he deserves can last for generations. That life point uplifts curses off your family. 
We all barge into the white room, hundreds of ghosts moving aside to let us through, so we can give Ezequador a piece of our mind. As my entourage lifted off silently, I get to the old throne and start yappin, Ezequador, I dont give a damn whos next, youre gonna keep my operation confidential or well, I turn around with my pointing finger raised over my head to find no Groove and no Demo. Ezequador sat still watching random surround belts. Suddenly, MUTE pops up on the screen and a small persons head got in Ezequadors way, ignoring the fact that someone could be watching. Little Azarban, you know better! Youd better gimme that remote! 
I GOT IT, DOOD! Ihss compwicated!
No, give it here! 
Uhm, I nont speak that wanwuage. Can wou wepeat that in Buljoahwian? (Im not playing!) Hiymmhh. Ezequador snatched the remote. Ban flapped his wings. A split second later, he was on Ezzys shoulder chewing and smacking his lips like he never wanted the remote. The attention span of the cupids- they care very briefly, just wave another toy in their faces. Do what I tell you to do and ya wont be whinin! 
Little Azarban, are you eating? Joelnaq asked, tossing his blade up and catching it by the hilt. Azarban smacked his lips, chewed more, and shook his head to say no. Now the damn things broken. Ezequador discovered, smashing the mute button, then forced to use the volume button. Then, he found an empty space on the device where the mute button used to be. Wait a minute he turned to look at his tiny brother drooling on his shoulder and smacking his lips, breathing in his ear.  Joelnaq, how does he do that? Ezequador was dying to know. I caught it that time, and Im not telling you.
We already had this discussion, you have to tell me.
Ok, Im lying. I sat with the children teaching them to summon holy-fire and holy light inside things. My wife, Rosebush, hovers over to me, double-clocked and blazing! She rubbed my head with both her hands. Ha-you are so tough, big man! 
Theyre always cheating, man, we have an opportunity to get revenge, and you keep lettin who-haa and any-who stroll right into my armor, no telling whos following them! Ezequador wrote me up for cutting in line. I was suspended. Im the write armor, you cant suspend me! I joked, walking closer to the old throne. I was famous, man. I know I cant suspend you, thats why I dont like you or your klutzy daughter, said Ezequador, an angelic priest. An adorable teenage girl, flaming bright as the stars, broke into the castle window above the entryway and Rosebush was checking out a magazine, just about to look up, so, I was like, Hey, lets go somewhere to keep her focused on me. Glass was everywhere, the girl couldnt control her armor, and she was striking several the hollownauts, receiving serious payment! Now, why couldnt she just keep outside and do that to the enemy. the priest of Axe sighs. HEY, EZEQUADOR! She said. She jumped onto his lap and kissed him on his cheek, still sopping up Hollowbots from her klutzy actions. Ezequador put his arm around her, as she sat up on his knee overflowing with energy. He started to compensate the hollownauts by raising his hand and wiping thin air to send Hollowbots gliding and sailing across the room through the air, looking for damaged bots to auto-repair. Satan hates women because they took his place as most beautiful creatures (BMMMM) What are they doing in my briefing room? Marlynn, go-s- 
Affirmative! I do a little no handed cartwheel across the hall in front of the doorway. I put my back against the wall and my daughter, Melancholy, a ruthless deity, stood across on the opposite side. I heard Little-Azarban and Demo. Then, I heard Elder Faulkner and a few grenades going off (BOOM); a tiny voice screams for its life. AZARBAN! Demo yelled from within the conference room, his guitar dispersing grave harmony. Elder Faulkner always has a stuffy nose, so, nobody really ever listens to him. The Gener-dated d-nukes n-deed help at times themn-selvmnes-hmphhhh! (sniffle) So, I open the door thinking, (Oh, these guys are doing their routine playing with holy grenades at Elder faulkners meeting.) I open the door and a huge wave of H2O flushes me right back out. I had never seen anything like it. So, Im swimming, and I look up and theres Azarban in a little bathing suit dipping by like a little fish. Im soaked when I get back to the white room; Groove and Demo are talking to Ezequador completely dry. Dark Gawnden who were there to make trades where laughing. Groove and Demo move behind the throne to let Ezequador get back to work. Out of nowhere, Groove summons corn syrup and wipes it in Demos upper lip. Hey! What the junk is that? asked Demo. Its monster sperm, dude, hahaha. Eww! Ha-Oh my God! Rosebush tells a fib to mess with Demos head. The nukes like to steal each others shine as far as replays and highlights. They always jump onto each others surround-belts to steal the others shine. Theyre highly intelligent beings so I never get into any of this with them. Trust me, you cant win. The next thing I knew, we were all lined up to be written up, because Demo swore and Azarban repeated after him. Zybu teleports into the white room from the portal Axe to the old Amolvia. Come on over here and get yours, Zybu, Im sure youre somebodys mentor. Everybody cheered as if they agreed and like Zybu was deserving. We all laughed, and Zybu flipped Azarban off. He jus fwipp me off! Little tattles. We all laugh. Grooves grows weak in laughter and falls to his knees. Im an officer, Ill give you a reason. Says Zybu. Ezequador stares at him. Groove flips Azarban off, hid his hands in his pockets, looking around curiously. Little turned to snitch, but he saw that Groove was all too clever. Then, Zybu purred and flipped Ezequador off. Shootouts emerge on the outside of the castle next door in Super Groove World. Ezzy wrote Zybu up quickly saying, That didnt look right, I thought you had a cramp until you said something (scribble) here! (HROAHHHHHH!) He held the slip of paper outward. Zybu patiently walked to the throne, slapped the paper into the air with his paw, and caught it with his mouth as it was falling The suspension slips transformed into glass boxes, and the boxes bound the suspended officers... The holy Gawnden can see the God in people. Ya wanna know how it feels to be bound, I'll show you. Ezequador lectured. Everybody waited about ten seconds in silence, then the boxes disappeared and they all opened fire at Ezequador... In super snow world, the objects are too dense and harder to possess... Snow converted, but he left his lands the same for stealth. He robs the exiles, a young white pup, and they never see him coming...I looked into my surround-belt and spoke to my followers, Guys, we gotta get back to work. Grab some 4Ds and some actors and meet me at the next site. Little-Azarban sails a flying holy grenade into some all-womens bible reading. He sits on the podium to listen for ten seconds, then he starts to boil in heartbreaking boredom saying, DOOOD, WHAT THE HECK, THIS IS THE WONGEST BOOK EVOAH! hes not even supposed to be there, he could leave whenever he wanted. The women just laughed without spreading any judgment onto him, because they were so close to God GOD WINS, THE END HAWHH! NONT WOU GUYS HAVE ANY TOYS? IM SWEEPY He hopped into the leading womans bible, wrapped himself with the pages, and took off vertically like an astronaut in a space ship making engine noises with his mouth. Then the pages ripped and the bible fell back onto the podium Shes all woahs cappain
Why what a brave little pilot you are said the group leader, Super Katie. (POOF!) HIHH... Ezequador suspended Azarban again, so, he whined, fairly forced to listen to the women read, crossing his arms, and pouting in annoyance.
 Gawndihowl morph
(The Melancholy narrator audio plays) It was a cold night, and Marlynn had travelled with Bigfoot to meet the abominable snowman, but they had failed because of an ambush by a pack of Chupacabras. Therefore, the lad was now 19 years old and lost in an area near the arctic north of Canada. Marlynn fought the pain in his body to raise his freezing hand. A trucker stopped and ran to him. WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO YA, KID? JESUS! He carried Marlynn to the truck and he was an extremely fat southern Caucasian guy with a cap onA human beer alsoHe wasnt a stupid guy, he could handle a few dozen beers and still control the wheel well. The truck slid down an icy road and Marlynn woke up saying, UH? HOLD ON, MAN, YOU FIN UP! HOAHH! 
IM GETTING YOU TO THE HOSPITAL, COWBOY, FIRST ONE I SEE! 
MAN, I DONT WANT TO OPEN THIS DOOR! IT IS A HUNDRED FIFTY BELOW ZERO OUT THERE! PLEASE DONT TAKE ME TO THE HOSPITAL, MY MAMMA GONN KILL ME. YOU KNOW, A BLACK WOMAN DONT GIVE A DAMN IF THEY SHOOTIN, MY MAMMA WILL SAY SOME FUNNY SH AND POP YOU JUST FOR LAUGHIN' - LOOK, YOU GONN' HAVE TO GET A SUMMA JOB AND GET YOU A CAR OR SOMETHIN', I'M TEHD, I CAN'T KEEP PICKIN' YO' FUNKY EHSS UP FROM SCHOOH ERRDEY. I BEEN WORKIN' AWW DEY; I GOT UP, GOT IN THE CAR, STOPPED AT TWO STOP SIGNS, ONE TRAFFIC LIGHT; I GOT OUT DA CAA, I WALKED UP EIGHT FLIGHTS O' STEHHS, WORKED A TEN HOUR SHIFF PLUS OVATEHN JUST TO FEED YO' EHSS... I'M TEHD SH, AWW YOU DO IS SIT ON THAT COMPUTA AND MAKE UP VIDEO GAMES, SELL 'EM HELL! - I'M TEHD, I'M TEHD... WAIT TIL I THAW OUT SO I CAN RUN, HOMIE! Marlynn shivers, the trucker unable to say much with his eyes focused on the blurry street, going downhill.  
The camera crew bots begin falling off the speeding truck and dropping their multi-Ds into the ice. (MAN DOWN, MAN DOWN!) COWARDS! AY, TINBUKTU, TEN-FOOT-TWO; SHOW EM WHAT DAT-DO-DAT-DO-DAT-DO-DAT-DO! I scream that at the top of my lungs within an African accent trance, this was starting to get amusing. Move over Marlynn, I, your God, will take the wheel; parents, what if you let your teenage child drive tonight...? 
Gawndihowl morph...
The guys clung their beers together, one of those old-western feel barsHeck, old Billy, Marlynns new partner told his story like an old western hero, even though he was too drunk to Ha-Ha-Billy, you are such a big fibber.
I aint lyinMarvin?  Marvin here was taken by a big foot and a pack of wild wolves or what-not, my truck scared em off, they were beatin the sh out of him!
You expect us to believe that, Im willin to bet you hit this poor lil ol boy. 
ARLENE, SEE IF WE CAN GET HIM SOMETHIN TO EATHUN, HAVE YOU EATEN ANYTHANG? asks the hot blonde. Watch me work Marlynn told Billy, throwing off his blanket, seeing a beautiful woman on the dance floor. He didnt care that he hadnt changed his socks in months, he was just comfortable. She was very kind looking and approachable. She was a very sexy woman with good skin and she just made Marlynn comfortable. Excuse me, cowgirl, you diggin this jig?
You got balls little man. 
HAHA! Whats your name?
Rosemary, Rosemary Holmes.
I actually prayed for you, earlier, and here you are. Behold the grace of God. Id like to go someplace we can talk alone, lets get out of here, I prefer your place- mine is being re-painted, its overseas. 
You dont have to lie, come on, baby. Then she gently took his hand and they left. Marlynn was a sensitive man at one point in time, but this woman made him strong. He wasnt so moved by devils anymore once he got to know her. Rosemary traveled a lot. He was having so much fun. And Rosemary taught him to be happy just having himself and nothing else, so, he never did drugs or drank alcohol. He forgot all about Megavanitits. Her beauty didnt compare anyway, Rosemary was decent, warm, and soft! She always wore these beautiful dresses unlike any in the world and she did sexy things to cheer Marlynn up when he felt down. On occasion, they would get alone on the beach, and he looked her in the eyes and rocked her in his arms. Then, he massaged her lips with his own. He felt himself growing more intelligent and blameless with her. In an interview a while back, she revealed that she was seeing someone with vague clues:
We're getting closer to being one-flesh, he's inheriting my fortune. To be away from him isn't freedom; to be with him is... 
Their relationship didnt require time to grow tighter like normal relationships do, she didnt want to see him broken, and she was repairing him in so many ways! They never stopped being free, they went to every nightclub even the super crazy pill popping ones, and they showed people that God had made them tough. They went to every amusement park in the UKOne day, Marlynn saw through to the inside of Rosemary and the person on the inside was Rosebush, an angel of Axe. But it was her fault that he had grown so powerful, every time he rocked her, he got more angelic and tough. One day, she went out to fetch groceries- at least thats what she told Marlynn. She was going to see Michael the archangel to hear the good news and stay ahead of the other nukes. Thats how the nukes are, they want to dominate. Look at this; I got the book of life. 
Does it say how I give birth?
Its holding my eyes, oh  it lets me read right here  Michael and Rosebush get out of my book ha-classicAww, sorry, babe
Its ok
Yea, I dont know, dude, you might have puppies, or even lay an egg.
StopThats not funny, Michael 
Lucifer tempted Marlynn while he tasted assorted candies saying, Back in the day, if they ate that fast, they would've taken them out and stoned them. 
"Luce, how's it goin'?"
"Things won't go the way you imagine..."
"Well, as long as they go the way God thinks..."
THEY WOULD HAVE HAD YOU STONED!
Whos afraid of them, now, the likes of a man, Lucifer...? Even I am becoming an angel now, and you still want to downgrade to the law... Marlynn heard a knock at his door. He answered and it was Megavanitits. Hey, I remember youEwe, what happened? You look terrible! She roared and became more hideous, roaring snow encircling her exterior! Well, that was a warm welcomeUGH! Thanks Luce, wouldnt trade her for the world Super Marlynn groaned, fanning the fumes from her breath away from his nose. Rosebush, crashed into the wall behind Vanity! Vanity locked onto Rosebush and said, Ahhhh, I can feel his soul fading I cant wait to drain the life out of you and your family, B! 
IN YOUR DREAMS, B! yelled Rosebush, unable to be angry; smiling like an adorable angel...
She belongs to God. Exact is his will, it will be done exactly as he wishes. Gawndihowl morph
Vanity took such a good beating! The melee bar bound the demon, but Rosebush continued striking her and destroyed her with her bare hands! The devil had never seen anything like it. He was stunned. GET THEM! screamed the devil. One of the dark spies spoke to him, afraid to be judged, O Lord, how can we b-beat someone who is s-so s-strong? then Satan grabbed him by his body. TALK TO ME TREMBLING IN FEAR! then he hurled him into outer space, his squeals got lower the further outAll the African Americans started to see how beautiful they were when they stuck together. GET HIM BACK! then he hurled another fearful disciple into outer space! Marlynn and Rosebush shared many more mornings and nights in undying peace. A dark cupid, named Wrath, signed to the exiles, drafted to replace Vanity. Marlynn went to meet Rosebushs siblings, holy nukes Groove, Watch, Luck, Honeysuckle, Lily, and Demo in super groove world. They hit it off pretty well, after they made him sh his pants. Dont worry, angels crap gummy bears, kid. He was a good writer, so, they started a band called super musicians whom raise the audience from the dead by using live-lyrics, which are compared to the gospels because the audience can feel Gods presence in their angelic voices. Then, one day, Marlynn gawndihowled and Hollowbots surrounded him. The write armors my brother in law! Aw, Bullcrap, I thought it was me! What about me! cried Honeysuckle, with envy? A cold warrior stares at her like shes good food I'd talk to her with this snot in my nose... Hold on, n, i'm 'bout to go blow my nose- God gave Rosebush control over her own heart and future. She was officially a real live Goddess. A few months later, she gave birth to a little girl a demigoddess named Melancholy. Halo erupted from her angelic skin as she wiggled her little hands and feet. 
The white room was very quiet, so, Ezequador was working on Hollowbotics and studying the spy-cherubs behavior with Veunic compelling the Amolvian guards. WAYH, DO WIKE WWHIS, DOOH Ban helped Veunic with Hollowbotics, hands no bigger than an uppercase letter. Ezequador blows soap bubbles at the cupids and they fight to bring them back to him Some of them pop, but its hard for some of the angels to burst the bubbles. So, when they cant destroy easily is when Christ wants them to evolve Gawndihowl morph (Window minimized) Crap, man! (Restoring) (Closing) Gawndihowl morph
(The Super Melancholy narrator audio plays) And the baby girl could write armor like her father. When she turned five, Marlynn and Rosebush were living in Europe. They found it hard to keep an eye on her, she kept venturing off to kill hundreds of humans. She was practicing on heartless men at first - behind Rosebushs back - and then she got addicted to killing. It was all over the local news.  
Gawndihowl morph
 Marlynn, MOVE! Marlynn held Melancholy behind him, facing Rosebush, as Melancholy hid her adorable face and teary eyes. What about all her friends? 
You are gonna go back to Axe, right where you belong! A spy-cherub pops out of the refrigerator, WWUN, DOOD!
MOMMY, IM SORRY! 
BE QUIET! NOW, SORRY ISNT ENOUGH! You need to stop spoiling her, Marlynn.
Dont do it, baby  You ok? Please, dont go, mommys just tired she didnt mean that. We spawned dead drunken terrorist bots to cover up the murders and fought our way to Axe to transfer Melancholy  Gawndihowl morph 
(The Axe 2: Whi-widow dhh narrator audio plays)  the space station erupted with the sound of slaves laboring and wailing. Burrr  Feels like my last relationship in here! purred Zybu. (SHHINGG) Zybu and Joelnaqs armor was much sharper than the army of Hades blurry armor was. Axe had always been the same, even before it was the games. And Hades grew more and more ill everyday he spent on the throne of the boiler room - Place was filthy anyway. Hades is so weak from illness; it appears that he has fallen asleep, suffering pain so great, no man could relate. Little-Azarban hops up into his lap and says, "Dood, wou foahgot to pway." he bows his head and closes his eyes. We close our eyes because God is within all of us, yet, we don't have to. "Deaw Gob, I want a dinosoah; I want a...uhm...some watoah.... Azarban's prayer is slightly different from the guys at the temple, but God understands him. Well, anyway, they had joined Hades army, but they were crippling it. They stood on a planet in the Axe heavens, (HHROAHRHHH) (Whiwidowdhh ) fighting off the ETs and attacking monsters therein Name and rank? prompted the guy at the booth, ashamed to see such mighty beings dwelling in Hades staff. The exiles helped Hades get where he was, but nobody liked the guy. They all wanted him dead! The guy in the booth stared at Joel and Zybu like they were absolutely-completely disgraceful. He also dreaded what they would do to Hades enemies, considering most of his enemies are innocent human beings. Like the native sorcerers, Hades had extra terrestrial operatives he had tamed during his conquest. Fiery smoke gassed up from Joelnaqs eyes, fading near his hairline, as he stared at the stars. Zybu. The winged lion, sneaky and sly, turned his head to Joelnaq, who calmly sighed, Super Ayest 
What are your conditions? 
We want to be with Hades, in his castle. 
Oh-really? Yay for you As they headed to another moon for more publicity, the slaves were heard banging tarnished instruments behind them. Suddenly, Zybu told Joelnaq, Ill be back in a few hours, kid. The sons of Lucifer had a reward for Zybus arrest. What? Cmon, dude, you gotta be kiddin me! A lasso of dark magic grasped Zybu by his hind paw and yanks him back down to the station.  
Gawndihowl morph
Joelnaq had been accepted as one of Hades loyals. In fact, he sat above his throne in the boiler room, so annoyed at the organist. He was so annoyed he prayed for a chance to knock him out, sincerely, to God like it wasnt violent or harmful at all. The music was so horrible he had to wear earplugs to keep from crying. He sat there waiting for Zybu to someday tell him it was over. He watched many of Hades victims carried away to the lions and some thrown into the boiler surrounding the throne. Joelnaq, why are you so down? 
I miss Aladdin.
What is this thing? Hades just sat staring at Ban, frustrated with a cupid sitting in his lap staring back at him. AAHH-HAHA! Azarban watched Hades like a kid watchin cartoons. He had never seen a crown before, so, Hades bizarre model definitely tickled him. I mean  he looked like a clown, ya know? Every time he budged, Littles eyes lit up! It looked like he had some kind of goofy balloon animal on his head Gawnden, the Lords voice is crammed full of undying peace. Joelnaq believed Zybu and finally fell asleep. Ezzy, weve searched every corner. 
No Joelnaq, no break. (aw, cmon.) There was a spirit of love over Super Amolvia, and hope. Though none of the Amolvians could eat or sleep, they kept making new recipes and adding new foods to this big giant table for the two princes. The food couldnt spoil or rot. I wish you were with me.
Well see them again, prince EzequadorGod will find them.
The angels definitely know the whereabouts of these Amolvians, but Amolvians...invented holy fire. said Ezequador in his throne flying an Amolvian kite.  
ENEMY MULTI-D, TAKE YOUR POSITIONS! cried the real Super Ayest aloud, prepared for the worst, dark mines and airborne mines hailing around him, binding and harvesting the Super Amolvian bots Their aim used to be life points; now they just want to film for super multiplexes of their own, so, they pursue bots. Bot Hades tried to creep behind the exiles to swipe and break one of their cameras, but he was caught and sacrificed! It was like a shootout in a western, but with high beams and supernaturally charged guns. We think its so big to do something good or be loving, but it ought to be hard for us to do wrong and hate Allow the gospel to stabilize you from inside out 
Quick tip: Dont stack or organize things around a spy-cherub, theyll think its a training exercise and possibly destroy it And theres nothing you can do, ya know? Ya leave the room neat, two seconds later, you walk back in to an adorable little fairy screaming playfully and hiding underneath a ripped up sheet of paper. I mean this book was so easy to produce - reallyIn my dreams dreams, but
Gawndihowl morph
 (The Groove Fighter narrator audio plays)  Lord Geryon... A dark Moonnaut fleet try to get into the exile Geryons bionic eyes so he wouldnt carelessly sacrifice them. JUST FREEZE IT AND DRILL THROUGH! They were on a conquest, but there was a holy waterfall, set like a giant wall materializing out of thin air, in their path. It looked like they could fly over it but when they tried the living water followed them not allowing the Moonnauts to pass without a fight. Ezequador watched from the white room and laughed at their effort. Finally, an illegitimate 90 named Scold Tablet yanks out a notebook and writes himself onto the other side of the holy waterfall using sorcery. HORAYYY! they applaud. I quit Tablet told the exiles through the calm waters. NOT WITHOUT A FIGHT, YOU DONT said a ten foot faun, named Taybah, who sometimes morphed into a clean-cut man wearing a suit, but at that time, he had to go full force. Verin grew so angry at Tablet, he tried to shoot through the wall of holy water! Yet, he was still betrayed. How does it feel to be deceived? Tablet asked, feeling a warm sensation in his belly, and feeling safe on the other side of the waterfall. Mega Verin pulled out a radio and gave a demand, ALL VILLIANS, IF YOU SEE TABLET, BIND HIM ON SIGHT! and the dark Gawnden understood. Tablet turned around and dodged a trio of dark torpedoes one-by-one - Duck-dodge-roll; he got hot and pushed holy fireballs from his hands! A gargantuan faun named Leonard jumped in Tablets way with the body of a horse; he broke the ground underneath he was so heavy and broad. He roared and took a fireball to the head. It knocked him off his balance and knocked him out! Mega Verin covered his face with his hands and said, Tell me this guy is gonna be unconscious when I look up! He sighed and looked up. What followed was one of the greatest shootouts in the history of the games. He was only one man, but he made it He shot and wrote his way to Super Amolvias border; orchestral began to play to his body movements like an animated film or a cinematic cartoon. Twin brothers, Super Edmund and Super Edwin, who were standing at the edge of the cliff, overlooking the deep crevasse by the bridge, greeted him. Dude, wheres the ground...?
Ill give you a bot if you jump...
The beat box mosquitoes make rhythms with their mouths to unwind the humans and consume their Hollowbots. This story is strictly for the B-boys. Super, youre Azarbans new mentor? I thought Zeuss kid was gonna fill in? Aged to look about 23 years old, Grooves face fired up with disappointment and confusion. Formerly trusted Hercules walks by Groove and Veunic in one of Lilys gardens, near the Groove world border. It was the grand opening of Watch and Lucks new arena, deprivation. Everyone was required to wear Luck and Watchs gear to enter, so, Veunic was all gadget draped, from head to toe. When youre winning all the Generated Nukes abilities become available to your team. Its a quick gamble. The object is to keep the other teams luck away from them or it will give them double power. Hercules ignores Groove and sips a cup of tea with the old, I did it, but its inevitable face on. Watch and Luck snicker at the way Groove stared at Hercules. HERC!? 
(Slurp) Huh?
I thought you were gonna cover for me; I told you I didnt have time to - what happened, man? 
I didnt want to!
Duhh-dihwohthooh, he mocked Hercules, his brothers fighting to deposit air in the laughed out lungs. Why didnt you just say that, so I could ask someone else, bro?! 
Groove, just let it go. 
I CANT!  I CANT LET IT GO, VEUNIC! THIS IS A WAIST OF TIME!
Look at yourself, super. Who picks on a human? 
NO, HERCULES IS A D! HES JUST JEALOUS AND HE KNOWS IT!
EZEQUADOR APPROVED IT FOR A REASON, so, GO YELL AT HIM!
KEEP LYING AND GOING THE ROUTE YOUR GOING, AND YOURE GONNA BE BACKSHOVELINGSH! GO BLESS YOURSELVES! spat the groove fighter, taking a few steps away and using his signature Amolvian lift-off as a signal that he was done talking. His voice was like his lungs were bigger than his whole body. He wasnt really upset, he was just kidding. The angels like work. His voice was holy, so, he could nuke with it. He was just a performer; naturally, his millions of followers were always entertained. Some thought it was scripted, until they met him. He looked Amolvian, but his hair was cut low and wavy. His world Super Groove World was the most popular arena in Axe. It made the competitors drift lightly like an air hockey puck or a lack of gravity. It had over 77 custom arenas, fields, and courts; 41 amusement parks, and 23 arcades! And the nukes were special to all, because they could not be devolved into demons, and they were the officers of Axe. His super-celled skin and angelic gear emitted tiny fireworks as his halo. The halo from his gear was bionic. He was the chief of the Generated Nukes, but his guards ranked higher than he did, because they werent as wealthy and they were hungrier for moons. He invented bionic double clocking to give speed to his espionage bots, but it was very expensive. That day, he was going to visit Lilyville to see his sister, Lily. In Lilyville, you can only use close combat and grapples with Lilys glove, the Lily pad. It may sound like a frail device, but this thing swallows its victims whole with holy light and nukes them like a microwave. You have to have at least 50 life points or 50 death points to visit Lilyville. He equipped a Lily pad and increased his scourge rate. I WILL GET MY REVENGE, SUPER HAT! WOOF! howled a little white puppy dog who sounded like a boy. His name was Captain Snow; he was so adorable, but, on the inside, he was aggressive and dark unlike any other friendly dog. Tiny sparklers softly popped out of Grooves armor and flew all over the place, being they were thrown by his signature spin. HAHA  still got it. as the hollow-thieves battled with him. He left behind a trail of torn hollownauts and aching steel bogeymen, redundantly executing his signature spin after every successful hit, he hurled his halo from his gear to scare away the stampede of hostiles from the secret entrance to Lilys quarters. His halo fired holographic instances of his statistics. He was very nimble and intelligent. He possessed a nearby tree to confuse the monsters. Then he went into charm mode, so, the dark Gawnden could no longer follow his surround belt or their eyes would burn off! Then he got a call from his mentor Ezequador. Yo he answered. Hey, come see me as soon as possible. I have an emergency mission. Orders Ezequador. No problem, look, somethings wrong with Lily. She didnt come out today, Ill be there after I finish checkin on her. 
Alright, Gawnden, Ill be in the white room. 
Cool, Ill be right there in a few minutes. As you know, surround belts cant possess things with us, but Grooves surround belt was one of his charm projectiles, so, the cameras and speakers went wherever he wanted. Lily was following him, so, she sat, waiting for him to stop in front of her, but he kept adding goofy dances to his signature spin One of his songs faded in and blew her away. She couldnt stop laughing because his signature spin  a hovering 3 sliding spins right, 3 sliding spins left, and yanking off his hat  was extended with redundant pop-locks, fist pumping, and floor humping. He summoned water on his skin, where it looked like he was sweating hard; he flung some of it off his forehead with his hand and pretended to pass out. Lily and her friends laughed because he wouldnt just stop. She abandoned the microbotical replica of herself and instantly revealed to him what was bothering her. She was mutating into some type of athletic ninja babe. She sighed and began to sniffle. Whats happening to me? Her friends rubbed her head to comfort her. Grooves baby sister  the most innocent and sweetest person he ever knew  would never be the same again. He forced himself to stop crying by looking into her new eyes to persuade her that things would be fine. He kissed her goodbye and summoned a clone of himself to guard her doorway. She cried harder in Grooves rear camera. The camera turned to see it was being left behind, jumped up, and took off to catch up with Groove. Dark villains and super heroes were lined up all the way to the outside of the castle to visit the white room. Most of the time, the villains were making ridiculous offers to Joelnaq and Ezequador to trade players. Now, you KNOW you cheat too much! Ezequador disapproved an illegitimate ninety named Captain Fat ass titties, sent by a demon to sign Little-Azarban with high hopes. Little was always being suspended so he thought they had a chance. We want to trade Wrath for Little Azarban 
You guys are breakin my heart How stupid is that? 
I really dont like your attitude.
Dont say another word to me, the answers no! You just came all the way down here from your base to get on my nerves- again.
Well, hes not being treated fairly because you guys never let him do sh. You guys are the ones who are cheating us.
You used to be a child molester! Thats crazy!
Well throw in a free FREE SATAN T-shirt
Get the hell out of my white room, before I melee bar you myself! The eerie captain shoved people out of his way like he wasnt lying and he was being treated unfairly God was sitting on the plank in Joelnaq and Zybus old spot above Ezequador. Spy-cherubs played on his lap, some formerly synthetic or bots whom had evolved into angels. If a bot looks at holy skin, it will become human. Captain Fat ass titties turned around, pointed at Ezequador, and approached him saying, Hey, gimme a BREAK, man, I dont have any experience, then he pointed to God, And YOU need to get off your fat ass! God was overflowing with power, he was wearing a jersey holding a flag, and his voice was full of undying peace. He laughed at the captains tattoo- THE HUMAN TITTY, (AAA!) the eternal air in his lungs blew the cupids so hard they screamed and held on to his robe to stay with him. God is modest, so, he doesnt like people to know when hes helping them. Suddenly, life began to deplete from the captain every time he sought to lie. Another ninety named Grad Shaky; a young black guy cuts in line and starts singing, Baby-ooh-ughh, cutpull my arm n Every time he starts singing, he cramps up really bad in his upper body for no reason. His arms start to contract like his bones are shrinking. Super Groove hails in, whirling and dancing. When he sees the nineties, he locked on to them. LUCE HAS NO COMPASSION? He changes his groove projectiles to these spiky darts attached to ordinary ropes. Every time he break-danced the darts shot at the nineties. He double clocked and all the villains got out however they could. He twisted, accelerating his smooth sliding spin across the floor, until finally yanking off his cap releasing firework halo. A former ninety named Tablet  a young Caucasian Goth guy - who had just converted was there, and he didnt understand the spy cherubs behavior. Why are they snooping around behind God, as if they can rob him? 
Behold thy grace, O false prophet, dont just say it, do itBring them to justiceBehold, that is how I made them; that is how they play. They cannot get into trouble; I know what they like and that they are trying to steal the comfort from thy heart to leave me by running away with it. Gods compassion filled Tablet. Why do I get so mad? Where does all my anger come from? 
Thats how strong God made you; boy that aint you; why would you imprison your mind? Thats the sons of Lucifer, their affect and pressure is already arranged by the things they did. Get mad, nobody cares
Better be thankful for the life you got You talk about yourself like you're a chic who's about to dump you
AmenSomebody would be happy with what you got the body and the mind too. Let people make their own mistakes and learn on their own you can't control all people, just you
Some people aint got no clothes to keep warm, people freezin those who know God would defend you and lighten your burdens Aches are in the flesh, not the spirit  the loins, heart, head and belly See, God still loves you no matter how much pain youre in The spirit is Gods business. This is Gods battle, not Tablets! The Amolvians encouraged Tablet as he wept. Then, Christ appeared, stepped toward Tablet with one foot, and slid the other to him. He tapped Tablet on the shoulder with his staff. Tablet turned and saw refuge in Christ and hugged him. 
Two Banden members sit in the white room and bicker by the calm waters. "Im apposed to WULE MEW WOAHMAAWA - he's my God!"
"MOW HE ISN'T! HE'S MY GOD!" They start wrestling. "AAA!" Ezequador broke them up saying, "HEY! HEY! What in the world are you doing?"
"HE DID IT!" they both blame one another, pointing to the other and looking at Ezequador. "We're family, stick together."
"It was him!"
"MOW IT WASN'T! YOU-" they start scrappin' again. "AAAA!"
"GUYS - you can't afford old New Amolvia, how many Hollowbots do you have? And stop pointing fingers like I don't already know whose fault it is...I don't care who started it."
"He did!"
"WYOAHW!"
Super Groove, we have discovered a new organ in Little-Azarban. Since you are training him to age, you must Gawndihowl and put on this cloak to infiltrate Bans secret operation to steal a cheesecake from the grand cherub. Using the unidentified organ, he can build worlds inside things he possesses and he can nuke new organs into someone instantly! We need you to possess the items listed and see if theres any funny business going on inside them. 
Gawndihowl morph. A cloaked mini-man possesses an artifact that Ban regularly possesses and heads down a long white hallway inside, his little shoes spitting halo like mini fireworks triggered by his steps. The architecture was splendid; the place had chandeliers and everything! He suppresses his halo with tiny bionics. He held his little head down and stepped into a gathering of thumb-sized rebels. There was a stage, and four sprites were upon it in front of hundreds of others. One of them is drooling on his own belly and trying to absorb it all back up. This is a vewy sewous mattoahAzoahban is wate, and aww wou can do is dwool!
(sspp-smmack!)HIHHMH. 
HEY, WOU GUYS AWE SO BUSSID! (AMBUSH!) (WHIWIDOW DHH!) When Groove yelled, a dust cloud filled the room from tiny, quaking, cupid hands. Most dragons cant read. Meanwhile, back in the line to the white room, a dragon with a fake mustache tries to blend in by being quiet and looking straight ahead. Sir, can you step out, please, for a second? asked the Amolvian guards on duty. SH! 
Calm down, buddy, we just wanna search you and ask you a few questions. 
DAMN, MAN, WHY YALL FIN WIT ME? SH- the dragon played the victim, briefly resisting, then re-assuming the position, facing the wall as his mustache fell off. We gonn get you back in line, man, just tell us why youre here. 
MAN, I AINT TRYIN TO DO NOTHIN! CAN I SEE JOELNAQ?! IM HERE TO SEE JOELNAQ! 
I mean, obviously, you up to somethin you got a fake mustache, man.
MAN! - IM TELLIN EVERYBODY BOUT THISWHY I CANT SEE JOELNAQ?
We dont feel like shovelin up snow, cause you wanna lie. 
SH, MAN, THIS WALL HOT! AAH-H-HAA-AAHH! the dragon grew annoyed. Then the guards show him a poster of Rosebush the heart nanny Swanigan, who kicks so much ass. Read the first line. Her super celled skin, even though it was a photo of her, began burning the dragons eyes. He started jerking and yanking away from the guards. MAN! yelled the dragon, straining to dig his toenails into the wall and to climb up because they were holding him.  
Gawndihowl morph
My daddy said I can kill a miwun men in swoe mossum
Little, get the hell out of here, now! Groove whispers in the cave entrance, the bass in his voice still echoed throughout the cave. Azarban shoved hat with his little hands, then he clutched hats jacket collar and said, IM SICK OF WOU AWWAYS BOSSIN ME AWOUN, AYS! If it woahnt foah me wou woumnt even be hewe! Dont kiww a kiz dweam!
N, if you blow my coverhggh-Lemme go!
What ahh wou gonna do? The hollow-bats howled a bit, and then calmed by the angelic voices. Vogue walks in. King Azarban
VOHHHHW! Azarban is excited to see Vogue and drops Groove. Groove, hes just trying to help, why do you have to be so mean? said Vogue with admiration toward them both. She picked Ban up, held him close, then rocked him in her hands. Not today No! Every time he shows up, he puts himself in the most dangerous place possible. Then, when I tell him to get lost, he starts crying for no reason and blows my cover! Im not getting suspended again because of him. 
Wou act wike buhspenson wasts foahevoah!
HAHA-Yeah, thats right. Vogue spoke in defense for the little active cupid, he crawled out her hands and runs around her shoulders as if she was a giant playpen. Lets go  Thats alright, I dont even want this mission. Lets just go
Groove! Little sniffled. Groove moved his lips and, silently, he expressed, SEE, OH MY GOD! setting both his hands on his forehead, somewhat lifting his visor. Vogue sat Little down on a large boulder. He started to cry really loud. Shhh, no blessing wayWhat did I ever do to you? Groove whispers to Ban, praying on his knees. What are you doing here, anyway? 
Thats a good question; Im on the mission of my dreams. Me and Azarban just saw the devil come in here. He RIGHT-back-there and hes cheating again. This is IT! Groove points to the dark passageway, floating around in the Amolvian way. Honey, you hurt his feelings. If you would just let him help, he could-
Quiet Groove growled. Vogue covered Littles mouth with her hand. Other than Bans sniffling, only the bats could be heard flapping and screeching above within the cave. Little sat in silence, blinking his little eyes, wondering why Groove stopped complaining all of a sudden. I sense the accuser. Groove shares, activating a little flashlight that was built into his earpiece. Suddenly, the cave rumbled, and the shape-shifting chameleon dragon exposed himself, also being part of the boulder Azarban was sitting on! AAA! Little screamed as the devil morphed underneath him. Vogue had that Amolvian courage, she wasnt scared of sh, she just stood there and waited until he was done morphing, summoning a melee bar in her hand. AZARBAN! Groove tried to grab Little-Azarban. Azarban bit him and possessed another boulder. The bats panicked and took various routes to shelter. When the dragon snapped at Vogue, she dodged and stuck him with the melee bar, which wasnt charged and appeared to be a sword. Sugg double clocked and bled halo. Then she channeled for reinforcements. Littles new boulder began to slide off as it grew arms and legs, running toward the light. While taking blasts from a sinister blizzard, double clocked Groove locked onto the colorless blurry dragon and put together ideal break-dance combos, letting go a flurry of Hollowbotic maces attached to chains. Sugg roared and escaped by an inch. He headed toward an important moon called, Radiolight. Some of the surround-belt telecast announcers, (Hes headed toward Clearlight! The moon where everyones invisible...)
 (ITS GOING TO THE UP ABOVE, NOW, FOLKS!) The Hollownauts lost more men and tried to drain more of his life points, but they were no match. OH, HELL NO! yelled Groove, playfully lifting off into the Axe heavens. Azarban was still in the boulder, but he was floating in deep space with Groove and all the other nukes. The dragon looked at the boulder with confusion. The boulder rockets at the dragons head.  
Gawndihowl morph
Super Demo sits in one of the Super Amolvian hotel rooms with a few bots watching television with his favorite actress making out on his window. Who is this all over my woman? She is all over him He flips through the channels to stop on the news Oh, yall cant legalize gay marriage, but theres a guy wearing a wig on your dollar bill. He changes the channel again. A reality show is on, (My name is Uguado Mayoula, and I am a poop artist.) the guy was snapping photos of the inside of a toilet bowl. Now, thats just wrong says Demo. Groove senses Demo on the top floor of the building and levitates to his window. He opens the window from the outside and says, Beep, beep, no superstars detected, be-beep Then he closes the window and floats over to the Amolvian princess Palixines bedroom window. He saw Rosebush and Honeysuckle sitting in bed with the princess. They were comforting her, but Groove didnt give a crap, he just saw an opportunity to steal Rosebushs fans. He followed her surround-belt until one of her cameras got a good view of the window. Then, he hovered by the window and sang a rhythm and blues song just until he got out of view. Palixine's room was a mess; she was looking for a bracelet her mother gave her. "You've done so well with the place." Honeysuckle lied. Then, Rosebush sang to Palixine and Honeysuckle joined, the invisible speakers in their surround belt playing original melody. Aww! said Groove, sticking to the window like a spider to peer inside. In the white room God sat and spoke with the rebels and the heroes, Behold, theres nothing wrong with womb, womb is a good thing. I still remember when I got some womb, those who hadnt heard of Christ didnt get the joke. Good woman, good womb. He said, counseling them. A spy-cherub walks up in Christ's sandals. One of Azarbans partners in crime confronted him, Ooh, wittle, wou twaitoah! Wou got us bussid! then he picked up a vase and threw it at Azarban. Azarban possessed it; it transformed into a vase man and started chasing the cupid who threw it. AAA! One of Grooves nightclubs was under investigation for illegal Hollowbotics. When Groove arrived, he was in disguise. Your name, sir.
Boogie Smalls, Im not on the list!
Whh?
Im not on the list He punched the door guy in the face and ran in. The name of the place was the network, after one of Lucks signature moves. Only experienced groove fighters came here. It had a bad reputation for fights breaking out here and there. It had a kitchen where the grand cherub worked as a chef. He looked like a normal Caucasian guy, but he had the ability to manage or overpower the spy cherubs, the handfuls See that-there, boy? It take a real man to do that  aah, shhit! The grand cherub burned himself showing off to the volunteer workers. He tried to grab a lemon-peppershaker, but it slid away from him and screamed for its life. Then, it screamed playfully Every spy cherub in Axe was in the kitchen! SHICKEN SHICKEN SHICKEN! They sang. OK, everyone who wants cake, out of the kitchen. The spy-cherubs hurry out of the kitchen, all but one smart one who says, This isnt ovoah. holding up a little sword. He pointed it at the grand cherub, sheathed it, and then fled. One of the volunteers asked the drunken chef, What do we do now? 
Satan says we want to hurt each other, but hes just a damn liar.
Ha-What?
Dont dive into the deep end, kid. The Holy Spirit directs my stepsIf my voice doesnt comfort you, then do not trust me either. Those who follow Christ will lighten your burdens and deliver you, for they are his instruments. The grand cherub passes out. When the volunteers leave, he smiles and raises his head. God knows what you like. He knew they wanted to go party. At the bar, there was this gang of groove fighters called Team Incinerator. Groove storms in, knocks out the leaders bodyguard, and steps to him. DO TO MY CLUB, N?
Groove, let us worship you in peace Besides, you cant out-party all of us Its just for a little while, look on the bright side, when we blow up, we all winnot just you! The leader plunged a spin attack like a flash of light and actually shot Groove with rifle rounds. Groove quickly slides onto the dance floor and pushes the super autopilot button in his glove. He twisted vertically and balled up in the air. He lands and slides off, twisting his halo onto the other Groove fighters in an accelerating spin! Thats when the by-standers thought they had some live entertainment! All these floating acrobats, break dancing fearlessly, no fear of falling or tripping, as light as they wanted to be. The lights flashed on the groove fighters clash and enhanced their halo. Brutal tactics were in place, the gang used deadly illegal Hollowbotics to stop Groove and claim his throne. Everybody in the club starts double clocking.  
Gawndihowl morph
After the groove fight of the century was over, the sit-down of the century emerged later that night. Ultra Geraldo - an old Italian guy wearing glasses, and a black suit, with a cane. He stood on the dock by the ocean with gun wielding mobsters and errand boys behind him. One of the young errand boys lay in Geraldos wheelchair and tooting his harmonica pipes. Geraldo was different from the other ultras and wealthy superstars; he was a gangster. A friend of Geraldos son Joey sailed to the dock. Smiley, what a-took you so long? Lets a-make a deal
Uh, I got some bad news, Gerralldo. Joeys out.
WHAT? ITS A HIT, CEASE HIM! the groan in his voice planted in their heads, Geraldos support tore Smileys defense-belt in half with their guns. Smiley swam away the direction he arrived. Tell all of em theyll be swimmin with the fish. The gangsters laugh at Geraldos joke. Groove visits the white room, just to get on Ezequadors nerves and ask stupid questions, Yo, where do trees of life come from...?
Arent you supposed to be at deprivation or with your wife or something? 
Yo, Im serious, yo
Well, the trees were made for the natives. Some of them may be psychotic, but God still provides.
SHARE MY AIR WITH THOSE MOTHERFERS! Groove slaps the papers out of Ezequadors lap. Ezequador re-stacks papers and sets them in his lap. Azarban tackles them and rips them all. Ha-Stop asking to be suspended. You want to know how it feels to be confined, keep it up... There was a synthetic spy-cherub there; he looked animated. His name was Wrath and he was stage-one like Little-Azarban, so, they kinda looked alike. He mischievously hopped onto Ezequadors throne and struck a pose, HAHAHAAA
Whatin the world? He will make an emptiness fade away. Boy, God will fill all your gaps 
WE WIWW SWAY GOD! he shouted at Ezequador, holding up a tiny dark melee bar. His melee bar went out Then, he looked at Azarban, bit Ezequador, and departed. Joey and Smiley enter the white room. The doors shut behind them closing off the sound of war. What ya doin, Joey? uh? 
F outta my face, Groove. Wrath jumps out of the portal axe to the white room from New Amolvia. He was carrying a lasso and it was drawn out of the portal. Ezequador, nice day isnt it? 
What? You quit? alleged Ezequador, holding his hand behind his ear as if to hear clearly. No, I came to do a deal for a new, uh, arena.Like always
Sh, that aint what I been hearin, everybody say you put a hit out on your own pops As they chattered and Joey lied on, Wrath and Azarban wrestled. Hey! Azarban says, taking critical blows to the face, fighting for his freedom. Wrath got a lasso on him and let him go. AAAAAA! The lasso yanked Azarban all the way into the exiles base like a huge rubber band. He jerked and fought to get loose from the darkness charged shackles saying, OPOAHWAYSIN GWANNSWAM...AAA! 
 Gawndihowl morph
(The Mosquitoes narrator audio plays) Zybu glided down from the clear night sky and touched down in the Super Amolvian Palace. He hurries to Ruien's throne and puts his ear close to Ruien's mouth. Ruien whispers something to Zybu. Zybu roared and ran out of the palace. Hey, need a paw? asked Casual, an animated Bengal tiger wearing a tuxedo, standing upright on his hind paws. What are you gonna do? - Dance 'em to death! Zybu says, running with him. Ha-Ha-Where are you going, ya ol' bastard. 
Inn...
You've got innocent eyes...
Well, the eyes go to what you want. they look up at Skeeter mun, Groove and Vogues Jamaican son. Zybu winks and Casual waves. There was a monster nest ahead of them. They stopped there to get some money. Casual swiped a monster's sword, put it in the monster's belly, and drew from his holster a dense Hollowbotic gun double clocking his d-belt. The monsters growled as Casual fired. Zybu says, Easy, cub... to get his attention and tell him to follow as he ran off...That night, Inn was under investigation for illegal chemicals. The exiles shared a profit of Inn's sums. It was a haunted house and exquisite hotel resort. The dream manipulating demons are very weak and easy to bind. One kid just said 'Jesus'. They roared some of the people awake; they went inside the rooms to double check, harps playing in all the rooms... Most of the doors were locked, so, Zybu roared them down! The last room he ran into, a teenage girl slept with green gas traveling in and out her nostrils when she breathed. HRROARH! her eyes open a tad, then close tight. He lifted her head and shook her, No,-no-no, baby, wake up! Come on... he tries, she never responds. A lullaby mosquito sings and lands on the girl's nose...It ate some of her d-belt/armor...Then, it sang to Zybu, flying close, full of green gas... Brilliant...The mosquitoes make it legal...
 Bot Casual charges onto the set, hops into the room, and dives on Bot Zybu with brute force! CUT....
Hell naa, keep rollin'! Bot Zybu beat the hell out of Casual...He binds the exile and celebrates. You havent seen the last of your fears, face the music, face reality. Gawndihowl Morph
(The Horrible the Warlock: Dark and Proud narrator audio plays) One of the super Grooves many treasures was a training base for Warlocks. The base was full of warlocks from the top floor to the bottom all working day and night on the same techniques and spells. The grand warlock told reporters, It may be boring to do the same exercises, but when we hit, well hit the hardest. One day a sorcerer named ring, who was wealthy in illegal Hollowbotics, casted a spell on all the warlocks in the base who knew the grand warlocks spells. The way he did it was interesting  he fired his magic ring at the grand warlock and an evil clone warlock appeared. The evil clone dashed throughout the building smacking them with magic as they defended themselves! They all turned into concrete gnomes, all except one named Horrible. Horrible didnt listen to anything the grand cherub told him, except the stories he told of the Amolvian wands. He even drew a map of the location of all the wands. He didnt look much like the other warlocks, so, they let him do what he wanted. He had the pointy ears and the pointy hat, but his eyes had no pupils, they were just white and his eyebrows were very thick; his body was more muscular and he was a bit taller. Horrible's halo: frightened webbing arachnids and critters scatter, jumping on people to terrorize them before fading away forever!
 Super Groove, Ring is wreaking havoc on the warlocks. Should we go in?
No, I wanna see what this ones gonna do. Hes got it Tablet followed Horrible and the Generated Nukes watched along, cheering for the klutzy warlock. Horrible sticks his head out the small door of the base. The direction he looked, he saw no one. Oh, what is this? Horrible jumped and fell down. Then, he got up and ran out with the grand cherubs wand, aiming it at Ring. ILL USE THIS, GET BACK! Horrible shrieked, shaking in his trainers boots. Nice shoes.
Oh, you think so? I thought they were nice. I just had to borrow em. Groove covers his face with his hands and laughs. So, Horrible, is it? It seems youve earned yourself some follows, hmm? I like a good challenge, so, heres what Im gonna do, tapping a staff made of light that extended from the jewel in his ring, strong energy rocking Horrible with each knock. Ill give you a shot, kid, Id kill you now, but my life is so boring. Horrible fired and missed, the lance stopped underneath him, between his legs, and threw him like 80 feet into the air. The only way to beat me is to cast a spell on me that I dont know. Heres my number, when youre ready for a real gauntlet, call me. Horrible bumped his head really hard face first. He shook his head and said, You and what army? 
AHAAHAA!  Ha-Im so sorry-ha-ha-ha-ha Hyper Demo cried in one of Grooves arenas, constructing his own arena, also following Horrible as he watched over his laborers. 
Ill call you, now, star sixty nine b! OW! said Horrible, with a headache that can get you exempt from mid-terms! Oh, another thing, dont bring the same instrument. You dont want to end up a donkey like your trainer. 
HEY, Im the only donkey around hereI mean, not that Im complaining. Gong vanished. (Message Received) [Super Tablet: Horrible, the wands are in New Amolvia.] Horrible squeezed the grand warlocks wand, put it in his pocket, and ran off to avenge his friends. His halo bursts huge bugs and creepy critters out of his shoes and hands. He may not have been accepted as the hero he always dreamed of being by the outside world, but his family looked up to him for comfort. The warlocks loved him for who he was. As he ran, he realized that and cried, TO AMOLVIA! (Message Received) [Super Tablet: Agent 00NO, Youre goin the wrong way, turn around!] He stops and looks back. He called his window and went to navigation software; it said New Amolvias portal was behind him.
 Gawndihowl Morph
 New Amolvia was an abandoned wasteland, buried in sand. The old huts were filled with sand to their roofs. Horrible was terrible at attacking, so, he just ran from the monsters, he had to avoid the furious steel brutes. He tried to fire his wand, but kept shooting single gummy bears from it. The sun, the stars, and the moon were gone, and hungry steel dragons sniffed around digging around with their claws in the darkness. Horrible hit his head on a torch post. OWWAH! (Message Received) HEY, IS ANYBODY HERE? I NEED A FLASHLIGHT OVER HERE! WHOO-HOOO! I-GOT-A-NOTHER MESSAGE (SNAP!); IM FA-MOUS! (CLAP!) OH-YEAH! WHO-IS-IT? [Super Tablet: 00NO, you have to use stealth, quiet down, there are dragons among you!] A dragon leapt at Horrible and he fired a single gummy bear from his wand. Suddenly, Horrible tripped and was swallowed up by the dragon.The dragon exploded and Horrible stood fierce holding the dark Amolvian razor wand. It looked like a spiky saw made of shiny stainless steel; the wand was bigger than he was, so, he had to hold it with two hands. He was covered in goo and he kept tasting it to see if it would get better, it didnt. He puked and some of his followers stomachs turned. His announcer says, Tryin to discover a new sauce, I guess. He didnt trip anymore, the wand gave him confidence. It was like it fit him perfectly, he double clocked and kept onward. His halo changed to Bots that appeared, ran with him, and assisted him when needed! 
 Bot Horrible starts firing at intruders, assisted by his halo. I NEED BACKUP! 
DAMN IT! I didnt even get to the gauntlet! I whined. THIS IS MORE LIKE IT, SUPER MARLYNN. DARKNESS! yells an exile, possessing my Mega Ring bot. OK, its like that? Yall keep filming these cheating ass cowards. 
Did you know? If you put a live fly in the freezer, a ghost will possess it when you take it out and fly off in it's body.Gawndihowl morph.
(The Demolition narrator audio plays) The heavyweight Ultra Demo's arena was finally completed. The first day, everybody stood underneath it - it was in the clouds above Super Groove World - they registered and chose teams; they geared up with demolition capes for airborne combat and explosive resistance. If you swing the cape, whatever you're locked onto, it will leave your back to attack by manipulating the weather! The guitar strings on Demo's breastplate played and comforted the people. In the arena, Little-Azarban's newfound organ was widely taken advantage of in the final touch ups. The clouds double clocked and contained microscopic worlds for the ghosts to dwell in when they possessed them. The demolition cape was mandatory. The rules were simple - demolish the other team's base... Groove was giving practical jokes to the humans with charms and frolicking with the explosives. Demo turned and halo erupted from his armor. Ok, Groove, that's enough - AY! GET BACK HERE! Somebody tried to fly off too early. Bzzz! The rocket mosquitoes, in full body suits, hopped into these tiny aircrafts and, one-by-one, they flew into the clouds like pilots... They don't drink blood, even though the bots have it, they drink clones! The dark Gawnden were preparing way to cheat, as usual... Demo was chewing gum, walking around like a football coach; he could see through the exiles' walls... THAT'S ALRIGHT, I GOT SOME MELEE BARS FOR YO' ASS! He had that sports man swagger goin'... BOAA, WHAT YOU WANT? 
I WANNA BE ON YO' TEAM...
C'MON! (CEASE HIM!) Demo directed a young boy to were his team was standing with his hand, as Groove was still throwing explosives at everyone, snickering, and possessing things to hide. Tiny fireworks shot out of his costume as if they possessed him, going off, small but highly detailed. I NEED FO' MO PEOPLE, Demo answered the crowd while they begged him to pick them and raised their hands, propelling themselves around in their new gear... Demo looked at one of his teammates and pointed to another kid. WHAT THAT BOY THERE PLAY LIKE? 
ALL HE GOOD!
ALL YEAH?
MMM-HM!
BOAA, BRING THEM BIG SS-SIDE BURNS! (CEASE HIM!) 
"CEASE HIM!" Pooh keeps seizing all the people Demo picks by ordering Bans secret service. Every time Demo picks someone, the Amolvian king has them arrested for no reason by the Banden.
The dark Gawnden caught Demo's eye as they flew up with heat sensors - illegal - too many teammates, hiding heat sensor dark evil-arctic rocket turret guns in the clouds - penalty - Lullaby mosquitoes, and like ten demons on top of all that... You cheatin' sons o' bes...Bullsh, man! Demo was pissed. I can help... Dark Demo landed behind Ultra Demo and taunted him. This was a very dangerous clone. Everybody out! Groove, Get them to Amolvia, i'm gonna recycle this coward! 
Too bad you can't recycle off good looks alone. 
HAIL DROP! Ultra Demo transformed into a torpedo made of white light and pounded the ground, causing a brief earthquake! The humans marveled at the officer's power! The guitar strings on their chests played the same tune, but the bot couldn't sing the live lyrics that went along with it, if he wanted to stay dark... It was like a gauntlet, yet it sounded so good... A cold warrior, who was ill - a 90 - stepped over, raised his hand, and grabbed his crotch underneath them, nodding his head to the rhythm; the snot string in his nostril extended every time he nodded down. Demo's angelic voice nuked him and grew hot with holy fire! Demo sang passively and gentle, but he was brutally smiting the bot... [Message Received] Ultra Demo's window popped up from within his armor. He disassembled and left two bots fighting the dark Demo to read... [Ezequador: Penalty, you can't attack him, he's too weak, you're an officer. Only if he attacks the humans first will attacking him be legal. Remove the melee bar and i'll look the other way like it never happened.] Ezequador reminded Demo. The dark Gawnden, rocket mosquitoes, and all the exiles' bots chased Ultra Demo away. Super Groove, and the humans who were being evacuated to Amolvia, followed to help him. Dark Demo bled Hollowbotic blood, sat, and chuckled, watching them go. Then, his guitar played louder. Now, demolition was in the sky, but as we know, only two people were there - Hud and Incubus - and they were both confused, like, Where the junk is everyone? They sensed each other well, so, they searched. There was this cargo plane and a Marrowbot was flying it in circles. The pilot bot looked like a Caucasian guy, and he was wearing sunglasses. Incubus possessed the plane and came out in the middle of the ship to avoid being detected by the pilot. A cupid, who looked like a human baby boy, climbed onto a crate in front of Incubus, stood and faced him, growling in disgust. Incubus stared, very stunned, for a few seconds. Then, he said, I've got you now, Little-Azarban. and tried to grab Hud, but he was bitten instead. Hud possessed the crate. Incubus bulldozed it and saw Hud running away from it. Hud flipped like an acrobat across a line of crates and fired white widow dust into Incubus' eyes. Incubus put his hand on his own mouth to keep quiet, nearly screaming in pain. Then, Hud screamed for his life and ran around searching for an exit. AA! while Incubus rubbed his eyes. Then, Incubus used his ability to paralyze, but in a different way, he surrounded himself and Hud with a magic coating he couldnt possess. Now, this was the cheat of the year! He had Hud cornered, and Hud couldn't possess the wall behind him. Like it was no big deal, Hud stared at the fallen angel, whose mouth was watering, kicked a latch on the floor beneath him and fell through the floor... Incubus hit the top of his head and missed Hud... Gawndihowl Morph
When things calmed down, Rosebush brought her husband, Marlynn, aboard the Axe by ciphering his spirit while he was asleep. He was the only human who could do this, because when they became one, she brought him strength. And that night he met the Generated Nukes, the male nukes had many capers awaiting him. They hoaxed him and scared the living daylight out of him. Rosebush told him it was safe, but they hated to see fear in him. What are you so afraid of, man? You're very heroic! THERE IS NO DEVIL! Groove told Marlynn, as they rode the fastest roller coaster ever! It automatically flew off the tracks and played chicken with another roller coaster! The roller coasters went through each other causing the screaming riders no harm. His first day hanging out with them, he learned there was nothing to fear but the most high God. And those who step on you to get ahead cannot reach God, who knocks them back. They sat and chattered. Marlynn's heart was slowing down, when, suddenly, his hands started glowing. Marlynn, that's a start you got a boring name...Do I want what she wants? I dont play about my big sister, man. You gotta have Gods fruit for my approvalWell, go on; show me what ya got to offer! cried Groove. Then, Marlynn showed them he could write armor, and the super musicians were born. Super Groove, Super Marlynn, and Ultra Demo formed a band right there in one of Groove's amusement parks. Suddenly, a 90 named Captain Fat-Ass Titties hops in out of thin air and attacks Marlynn while they were talking! Marlynn blocked, Dude, who the hell? Yo man won't even help you pay rent. God just sittin' there watchin' with a diamond 4-finger ring on, in his own dimension - No mortgage or nothin'; everything his own property; He ain't lie so it's gotta be paradise.
 Gawndihowl Morph
BZZT...( cshhpt)  The rocket mosquitoes had walkie-talkies in their ships, transmitting to each other in Demolition. They didn't give a crap, they gunning down kids, good gawnden, and evil forces - they just wanted the Hollowbots, they didn't care who you were! BZZT...( cshhpt) Nobody knows how they can understand each other. All you heard was (buzz-buzz)....They had little heat sensors and heat seeking missiles. Hey, I didn't authorize that! said Demo, charging a grenade with life points. Demo also had a new ability; he could evolve others instantly! So, he bombed the mosquitoes as they circled him in their ships, dipping in and out of the dense double clocking clouds. Then, they all had nocturnal force or darkness sensors in their ships and chased the dark gawnden... It was totally legal, 'cause they were the one's who rigged the ships in the first place... Demo's halo - miniature explosions and storms - evolved his team's weaklings into officers! B... Demo said before possessing a cloud. Little-Azarban was there, on Demo's team, wearing a little Demolition cape Vogue designed for him.... That night, when demolition wasn't very full and the nightclubs were, Ezequador appeared to Dark Demo on one of the beaches, with Little-Azarban on his shoulder, to get revenge for all the officers he had unplugged. Hollowbotic Demo, you have proven yourself to be quite fast, but can you out run the super wing? Azarban playfully growls like a dog. Get him! Ezequador says. Azarban and Dark Demo took off. As, dark cape is flying, Ban crawls onto his shoulder and says, Why don't you just follow me? He punches him off and feels free. In the middle of his laughter, he explodes and Little-Azarban gains! Groove and his son, Skeeter mun, sat on one of the roller coaster tracks while it wasnt occupied and watched over the groove fighters. Someday, I wont be the same anymore, son. the ammo belt on his costume unveiled. Skeeter cried Why? Skeeter mun asked sobbing. Skeeter mun, don't cry, I'll never leave you by yourself! Remember that! And Groove wanted to have fun with his son before he transformed. He charmed and haunted his clone to appear normal. 
 I speak with Lil Ready and Ruien in the Amolvian shopping mall God can top anythingGod is a modest God, you don't know when he's helping... 
Come to God with no guilt, but plenty of trust... 
No one can curse you, guilt is not real, neither are the curses of man- they are powerless. People try to remember everything you do wrong; God forgets your sins 
Some people ain't nothin' but trouble, stay away or stay in it...
Yo man wont even pay rent God sittin up there in his own kingdom, with a five-finger diamond ring on, just lookin In his own world, paid fo 
WHO IS MICHELLE, READY? Lil Readys girlfriend stops us. Waweesha, what you doin here? I know who that is, hell naa I aint messin round wit dat ho! Baby you crushin dat b! After he cheers her up, they go to the Amolvian beach right outside the mall. "I'm from the south too, girl, I know what you want."
"What I want?"
"You want some cornbread; some sugar; some lemonade, and some black-eyed peas." joked Lil' Ready, making her laugh. "Girl, you got my whole body on hard," joked Lil' Ready. She snickers. "You so sweet...laughin' at my jokes. I mean real sweet; Im tryin' to unwrap you and taste you like a piece o' candy!" She busts into laughter. He starts pinching her.
"Girl, where yo' spot at?"
"Ready, stop-ha-ha...ha-stop, boy!"
"There it go...Look you - burnin' up..." He never stops.
 Gawndihowl Morph
(The Super Groove: Capoeira narrator audio plays)  When Skeeter mun turned 17 he and his friend Toaster mun practiced a martial art called Capoeira. Toaster mun also looked Amolvian. A healthy and cheerful song played and the students clapped to the rhythm. You are a passionate Capoeirista, (WHOOHP-WHHP) but you have to value being a humble Capoeirista to master the technique Capoeira is about freedom, its about cheering for yourself and being lowly all at once! Its about breaking your limitations. (WHOOHP) You can fly. I saidyou can FLY! (WHRRH) Some people smoke drugs (WHOOHP); I smoke Capoeira. I drink Capoeira. CAPOEIRA is an ORGAN that is IRREMOVABLE! Mestre Super, Skeeter muns master informed his students as they sparred, then he began to sing impressively merry. He sounds like someone who's always smiling and has a good attitude, who doesn't get mad easily... On the day of Super Groove and Skeeter Mun's event, it was cold, but the sun shined in Groove world like a normal day! I mean, it was so cold, you could see your ears breath. The registrants began to lose life points. It was an exile named Mega Behemoth. The umpire grew angry and spat out his chew. N, what are you doin'? Sign up! You can't just drain everybody else...! 
I am signed in... 
So, what kinda crap is that? You still can't use powers! 
'EY! GET IN LINE! NO WEAPONS! Lil' Ready ordered the deceitful exiles. EXCUSE ME; CAN WE GET SOME SERVICE OVER HERE?
YES MA'AM, WE 'BOUT TO GET Y'ALL RIGHT-ON-UP-OUT THIS MO'F-I mean...Here I come. 
Alright guys, this is martial art and dance... I don't want NO funny sh! Block- you lose  stop  you lose. An exile was standing behind the umpire sharpening knives. Where the hell you think you goin'?
I already registered... said the demon. And you' about to already be disqualified. Skeeter mun practiced with his friend Toaster mun behind the Roda circle. The first Roda starts so awkward, Grad Shaky steps in singing in excitement. OOH YEAH...BABY I- his arms cramp up and stiffen, Cut...pull my arm, n. The people made a rhythm by clapping, but the people with the instruments just stood there holding them watching. Grad's ginga was very exaggerated, he just hopped from side to side... Wassup then ho ass n...
B... they jumped high, twisting horizontally and kicking airborne, landing perfectly, then doing the same hopping kick the opposite direction before deceiving one another with aerobic flips and continuing on. Everybody was sweating. AH-SKEETA MUNNNN, CAPOEIRA... Skeeter yelled into a megaphone he stole from the umpire The umpire went after him; he dropped it and ran. Bum-aye...Mestre Juggernaut e Mestre whoah Bum-aye. Mestre Super was singing, but his surround-belt was set to private, so, nobody could hear him... What the hell y'all doin'? Lil' Ready said, looking at the bateria... Grad ran to him, jumped as high as he could, and kicked him in the head...as hard as he possibly could! Grad's bots increased... Boy, good Lord, yo feet stank! Super Groove spins into the Roda and waits for a challenger... Giant Sugg Soatchio reveals himself from camouflage! Now, how his big ass gonn' register and he can't even fit in the ring? 
RROAAAH!
RAA, my ass, y'all watch out, i'm 'bout to drop his big ass! Groove summons a flying dance floor and hops onto it. Cordillia, Cordillia, I like good skin - Bianca, Bianca...Ben Yahweh, dont get in the waa-ter piranha, piranha, piranha, piranha... Mestre Supers still singing, nobody hears him, he has his eyes closed- feelin' it... Smiley and Joey break in between Groove and Sugg, starting a Roda, blowing their lips like horns. Everybody stops clapping. Smiley smiles so hard, with his eyes so wide, Demo laughs. (Buh-Birr-Birrhh) (I'm a womans man-Birrh-time to talk) Ha-Are you shtin' me? Two fat, pot-bellied, greasy old Italian guys with no shirts, no pants, wearing white briefs; Smiley barely taps Joey and Joey throws the fight. Geraldo sins by speaking profane things on his son. Sh...It's a-like a-two-hundrred degrrees out a-herre! 
Alright I want a clean Roda; if you block or stop you lose. The whole Super Groove World rattled like an earthquake hit! Ring shows up riding a fifty-foot android... The umpire put a megaphone to his mouth and yelled, GET OUT OF THE MACHINE AND SIGN IN, OR YOU'LL BE DISQUALIFIED! Ring lit a cigarette, hit it, and squinted his eyes...He took the controls in the robot and fired a missile at Demo! (BMMM.CRASH!) Demo abandoned his Capoeirista attire d-belt and Mega Ring could see him in the smoke. He fired magic from his ring, it slapped Demo's defense belt, and a dark Demo emerged, scourging the people with the demolition cape. The bot attacked the evil clone and might as well have recycled itself! The evil clone zips away in the wind and Ring's android exploded. THIS ISN'T THE LAST A-YOU SEE OF GERRALLDO, YOU A-COWARDS! says Geraldo, he gets really excited sometimes, he didn't even do anything, Demo blew up the robot. Ring was bound and interrogated to death by the Generated Nukes. He just kept asking for another cigarette. 
Did you know? Super Groove's birthday was on Easter. Gawndihowl Morph
(The The Holidays narrator audio plays)  On Christmas day, at a peaceful dinner in the old castle, Christ teaches that he is the ultimate role model and stimulator saying, Give when you dont receive stability, and you will utterly be stability God wants your mind to be free Who has to remind you to take? Do not be a seducer, because to seduce is to lie and you are not a liar. Behold, you all have angels and as much strength as your weaknesses have control of you, for it is your minds power that creates you personal fears... Your fears are inside of you not outside God already knows exactly how to outwit your enemies, he's divine; who they are doth not matter...The devil will of course bringeth more force when he finds that he is losing... Do not bring hate into petty arguments, for the devil is mad with a short fuse, yet your God has an everlasting fuse, defending your every mistake like a crafty lawyer - Fix it and dont let it persist by dwelling on it... Totally go all the way, be entirely good, not just halfway if you want to do it, ya would not stop; waste not thy energy on doubt; we shall never lose, for loss is no longer an option for us. He who suffers not will not understand pain, thus he shall bring more of it. He who helps, God helps. He who hurts God repairs before he plays him like an instrument. Ye who hold back your trust discard my revelations, but God is in me and Im in him. Respect is a real thing, and those who invade your space I will invade theirs. Ye who cheer for the super musicians and my father - scream for yourselves, jump, clap, and stomp until you sweat. You're alive, and behold, God is in all men, for all men desire justice, some just know not the way... My father does not like to boast, he likes to be modest; take his behavior from me and have a blessed spirit. Like puberty, thy spirit changes mature and my rest you already possess. Yes, try and be not ashamed to, grow fat, for the Lord your God knows who is trying, and those who stop you from trying by shaming you for coming to me, are the ones who are not trying at all. The humans hate no one and never will...give the devil no power through guilt, for the birthday man has more than a ransom, and unlike Lucifer, the Lord will not wish a curse upon the kidnapped child... Now, share this with no one, except the humans - you can always trust them they're always innocent. the bots became real men and burned in holy fire. The spy-cherubs wept and kicked their feet because Christ had stopped speaking. Then, they tried to get his attention, WEEWUS! they called Christ, and he cheered for them. Groove slapped the table and stood; he moved his face close to Christ's, paused a second, and yelled, MERRY BIRTHDAY, POPS, WE BOUT TO GET MESSED UP! The ministers change the world alone, trust them all, and even the greedy ones. The gospel is God's spirit, and we don't wish profane things on one another. God is in all, and those who make villains have a villain within... Find something enjoyable, ye who weep, searching for the key to the chamber of joy and peace. Let God fill the gaps in your spirit, not man. Demo walked over to Rihanna. Hi...
Oh, it's you again. 
Youre my favorite woman, if I look for another woman, thats exactly what Im gonna get...
I like men, not...whatever you are.
Look, I know you aren't nuts like me. You aren't into costumes and fairy tales, but, I just didn't think I measured up, ya know?
Don't play yourself, the only person who makes that true is you. she walked away and didn't look back. Damn, you got dissed.
Shut up, Watch...
Why you ain't let Jesus take the wheel, he right over there  yo dumbass. said Lil' Ready. Hey, keep being a gentleman, and she cant feel good for dissin you. I'm sorry, kid, you did everything you could. Groove apologized to Demo, full of compassion, still causing some of the women to dance to his voice. Guy's a natural... Lil' Ready looks at Lily's green eyes, then he checks her out. MMM-HM! Good Lord, look at Lily, boy. I bet she a freak on the low...HEY, LILY! 
HEY...pervert... Lily kept a word to herself. Planning a hit, the exiles stopped behind the old castle to look into the window. WHAT THEY DOIN?! Asked an angry fallen angel. N I CANT SEE SH!!
TURN YO EYES ON! YOU BLIND, DUMBASS N! Taybah, Incubus, Mammon, Behemoth, even Leonard the giant faun was there. Geryon signaled Azezel and Belial whispered to Beelzebub's bots, Y'all ns ready to do a 1-8-7 on these ns...
Let's Ride... very unattractively, but clever, they possessed the window and swam through the walls to prepare an ambush. They didn't even know Jesus was there he sat so lowly and meek  the halo was also very smoggy. They thought they were just crashing a party to re-conquer the castle. Sugg Soatchio watched and celebrated, looking down through a telescope from his moon. A Hollownaut interrupts him with an eviction notice. He destroys the Hollownaut. Taybah's team crashed into the white room and EF the guards! Christ watched them pop out of the walls unmoved, having undying peace. There's no way to arouse outbursts or anger in God's voice, he's the toughest guy in the crowd! God is a fearless God. Halo flew all-over the food. The humans did so good protecting the feast and keeping the exiles out, but when the demons saw Jesus, they kicked all the food off the table and ran. Everybody left Christ to go after them. They left a huge mess and one slice of cake that was on a small dessert plate... Christ pulls the plate close to inspect it. A spy-cherub pops up from inside the table in front of him. He held up his little muscles and yelled, I WIN! then he lifted Christ's plate and walked away with it saying, MEWWY BOATHDAY! However, Christ had moved the plate where the cupid could see it. Give, but give without being noticed. That is God's behavior. Be thankful for the life you have, I bet someone in this world would love to have it. Some people are freezing, and some are running out of time. Christ turns around and watches the ice-skaters in Super Groove World skate in peace. 
 Where does a voice come from? Your words are spirit. When you dance, what leads your head so it can lead your hands so they can lead your feet? Walk with feet that trust God. My God can top any sensation; any dream, any remedy, any song, and any though he will greatly exceed when I trust him. Our crack addict brothers and sisters lost their all to the struggle, God bless their minds. If bad things can just pop up in your life, so can good things. Happy holidays, ayst
Gawndihowl Morph
(The Quake Fu narrator audio plays)  [Voray, Soul Hollow] Voray is a jungle inhabited mostly by the native ninjas. In Voray, harps play instead of orchestral to your movement. Don't go to Voray; the native ninjas are good fighters; they'll unplug you! The Generated Nukes had all gone to the next level - The hyper thieves don't nuke, they evolve whatever they hit! They all looked like ordinary mercenaries, and the leader - Hyper Edit - was wearing a tactical mask. He had a strip of belt ammo around his shoulder, and his comrades took orders from him like soldiers. Their angelic skin was hyper-celled, so, it was resistant to explosives like the nukes, but even tougher. Edit.
What, Ocean? 
They're somewhere inside this volcano ahead of us.
Let me see that map, that's a big-ass mountain! Edit finds the place on the map where Hyper Ocean circled the volcano after praying for God to guide his steps... Why does it look so small on the map? Look at that damn thing... 
They're using Hollowbotics to hide the entrance; there must be some kind of cave somewhere in there. 
So, what are we waiting for? Start drillin Dude, Im so lost right now, my own mind is kickin my ass 
I know how to get in. An unknown voice spoke behind them. It was an old British guy, but not knowing, the holy thieves reacted with caution. (KLIK-KLAK-SHINNGGG-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP) hyper-charged Bowie knives, shotguns, and lasers all pointed to the old man's head! Hey, who are you, kid?
I-I'm the one who c-called about the disturbance. You see, this mountain has illegal Hollowbotics all over it.
And what's it to you?
I-I-I'm just a marrowbot, they lower their weapons. Might I ask - Is helping me too much trouble?
Oh, we weren't doin' nothin...
Ah, that's splendid!
We were on our way to kidnap...Geraldo... Edit explains, leaving the man puzzled. A female hyper-thief named Sapphire pick pocketed the man. Why Geraldo? 
I don't know, he's a pretty famous guy, he's gotta be worth somethin' Edit went into Hyper jutsu mode and ordered the other mercenaries to breach the perimeter where the old man said the cave was. They walk into the cave and there were the native sorcerers and the native ninjas surrounding Sugg Soatchio to defend him. Keep an eye on that dragon, he's gonna make a run for it. WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOIN' HERE WITH THIS REJECT? 
SEAL THE DOORS!
THERE ARE NO DOORS! AAAH! The native ninjas engaged in combat with the hyper-heroes. Edit pulled his shotgun on them and fired, cocked, and fired  (click-clack-boom) shotgun shells floppin' everywhere... When they died, they were nineties, so, he grappled them and kept slamming them against the crates and rocks as if they only weighed 90 ounces... The devil camouflaged and blew out the torches, then, Truecifer - formerly Azarban - morphed into a dragon, and the good dragon could write armor or manipulate his organs with Hollowbotics. Hence the name, Truecifer, the holy juggernaut! 
An awards ceremony was held the day after we filmed Quake Fu. I was looking good as usual And the award for most adorable nuke goes to...Little-Azarban! He proudly accepts, unlike any other modest angel. Then, the spy cherubs try to seize his trophy. Hes tackled and the trophy flies out of his arms. Another spy-cherub catches it and vanishes. Someone should get these guys the most trophies award. Sometimes, you bring love even when you dont know it When youve been picked on so long, you pick on yourself, but God brings you out of unsure madness and you transform. Have inner rest; be nice, not mad ever, theres a lot more world out there than this God is my judge and friend overall, youre not a screw up, you just screwed up. Find Gods rest by seeing it in other people Are you calm? Are you? Do you want to be that type of character? Wait until you see the look on peoples faces when they expect you to get mad, and you set an example for all. Until someone gets to know you, what does it matter what they say about you? They used to call me crazy; you know what I said?  Im not crazy, Im Marlynn Gawndihowl morph... 
(The Lunar Men Vs. The Microbotical Ku Klux Klan narrator audio plays) 
 [Radiolight, Soul Hollow] 
Extra terrestrials that looked like male Caucasian protestors surrounded the Lunar Man Corp. The Hyper Thieves had taken all their wives from them because they were looting other moons and enslaving the native ETs. The only reason they were being punished was because the native ETs did the right thing and snitched. I HAVE BEEN TO SEMINAR AFTER SEMINAR! WE HAVE ACCEPTED THE ENTIRE CONFEDERACY AS EQUALS AND REMAINED NOBLE TO THE SAME CAUSE AS YOU, HEEPLEEVIN! 
YOU HAVE DISHONORED YOURSELVES! WE ARE NOT OBLIGED TO RECONCILE YOUR FORTITUDE! NOW, YOU WALK INTO MY CORPORATION WITH YOUR PLAGUES TO WAGE WAR IF I DON'T SUFFER FOR YOUR ACTIONS?!?
I DO ACCEPT! 
EZEQUADOR IS ALL OVER THIS CRIME, WIZARD! IF YOU TAKE ONE-SINGLE STEP OUT OF THIS OFFICE WITHOUT TURNING OVER THOSE MICROBOTS, DUCK, BECAUSE I'M LITERALLY PLANNING TO GUN THEM OFF OF EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU! The wizard makes a move for the front door to dodge a light gun blast. The wizards defended their imperial, and began to strike the hollownauts with magic. Formed and run by the native ETs, the Lunar Men took ordinary guns and after each scourge, the guns evolve, the Hollowbots found some way to make the bullets diversify. The wizards camouflaged and re-appeared. Word got out about these ETs and people followed. Then the imperial ratted the holy gawnden out saying, HAVE I SPILLED THE BEANS ABOUT THE NUKES DYING THE INSTANT THE MONSTERS GROW ENDANGERED? Their wives watched encamped with the holy-thieves and some of them fainted. Edit. 
What, Ocean? Edit walked to Ocean. Got a few dead ones here, what do we do? 
Rodger that, soldier, ok- the hyper-thieves devolved back into the Generated Nukes. Rosebush hovers to the camp. She wept and said the most devastating words Groove had ever been told, They know... As she wept, Lily suddenly croaked and collapsed forward. Demo yelled, NO! and Rosebush cried, H-LILY..? H-H-OH MY GOHHD, while both tried to catch her and call her. Rosebush falls on her knees, LILY-H-HH! Taybah celebrates in the white room, abusing and taunting Ezequador.
 Gawndihowl Morph
I was in a gauntlet with the children in the white room when Ezequador called me out to speak to me. This ain't over lil' girl... I promised an aggressive young warrior of God. She popped her neck by rolling it around, she levitated, and told me to bring it with her hands... Ezequador, what is it? 
I want you to add this super replay to your movie. And I wanted to tell you, Im proud of you, son. Now, don't watch it until I leave- Im practicing modesty. He stood up and hugged me, HMPH. he jumped, then he floated out to Super Amolvia. Yo, man, I don't want no ol' grainy stuff. It turns out, it was grainy, but I could see a little. It was Ezequador, battered and weak. All the Hollowbotic objects around him were covered in ice, igniting electrical sparks, and tarnished! It was stunning, because I could look up and see the same objects in mint-condition. I wanted to keep watching, so, I took a seat in the throne. [Super Replay: Demo, Groove and Rosebush hurry for the exiles' base, all but Rosebush growing weak. Groove trips and croaks! Demo stops and tries to wake him up. HAHHHHHHT! The chief didn't respond. Yea-heh-hehhh! Remember me? Remember when I made all those offers, now hmp-look at you! Taybah mocked Ezequador and kicked him. Taybah was wearing a suit, walking smoothly and covering whatever he wanted with ice charged with darkness. The spy-cherubs were being reaped by the exiles and stuffed with good foods to make them dark. The nineties cheered, surrounding the castle. Ezequador fought for air, but he kept getting weaker. The exiles celebrated, danced, laughed, played poker, and sang as life slowly drained from Ezequador. Super Demo flew in, but he collapsed as soon as he got to the throne room. He was gone. The exiles who were playing cards turned around, stared at him a few seconds, then they busted out laughing. WAIT A MINUTE! LET ME GO! Rosebush cried as the nineties mocked her and watched. Her halo exploded as she beat the Lords angels, fighting to get away, but the angels dragged her out of the doorway and forced her to leave. Taybah froze Ezequador up to his neck. Ezequador shivered and fought to stay awake. Somebody flipped the poker table because they were cheated. One exile taps the mad one and points to Ezequador. He looks and they all laugh. Ezequador looks up at Christ broiling in agony. Taybah takes a snapshot Oh, you should see your face on your surround-belt! AAHH-HAHAHAHA! Taybah hurls the table into a wall quickly to discourage Ezequador and throw off his breathing patterns. Ezequador thought about Azarban, who had died first among the Generated Nukes, and he smiled. I-I c-could alw-ways-s t-trust you-hh-h-h Ezequador looked at Azarbans body, which was in the ice with him. Azarban opened his eyes and broke free He shivered and stumbled underneath the throne and pulled a secret switch. A baby monster crawled in out of a secret door with a portal axe, between Ezequador and Taybah. The portal was connected to a room with two lifeless monsters on a contraption that charges their hearts and organs to make them reproduce. Ezequador nuked the entire room, the pool made the holy fire stronger, and it returned to normal. Azarban hugged him as the exiles burned. As only they and the monster occupied the now soundless white room; he called, Reversal! aloud as if the exiles were still there to sense it.] I was happy to receive such good footage, it was a good ending for my movie, but it bored me. I guess I wont understand until I see it on the big screen. I sat back in the throne, played with my window, and sighed. Then, I ran out. You always want God to hear your plans, be good enough friends to him to listen to his plans  only what God says about you counts. Hes your friend who understands you; when you believe that, youll be a holy juggernaut. The orchestral played behind my as I stepped out. Arctic bots, aquatic bots, island bots, city bots, underground bots grew upset to see that Ezequador was off - I feel fine talking to you, right here in my mind, my God. I know you are lowly and I respect that. We will give unnoticed and accept 0. People are freezing right now. Lower your voice and find out where youre comfortable talking to God. I nuked them and they left me looking at my beautiful wife, Rosebush, waiting for me with homemade food. I picked her up and rocked her, AAHH-HAAHAA!  Ha-What are you doing, manly hands?
Im getting ready. 
Uhh...ready for what? 
For the next monster shortage. She rolled her eyes. GIMME A BEEE! you could hear Grooves followers yelling 'B'. GIMME AN A! (A!); GIMME AN 'N' Groove cheered on Little Azarban who saved the Generated Nukes from perishing. He threw Ban up and caught him and he giggled all the way down. As I rocked Rosebush, I gaze into her eyes. After a while, we just lay there in front of the doors with our backs leaned against them and made out while the sunset 
SECTION VII
STAND OFF
Afternoon

I just got back from my martial arts class and summoned hot Asian women bots to give me a massage as I drank brews through a straw. The super musicians were in my recording studio making a new song, when I heard my guards yell, "FREEZE!" I look outside, and Mega Belial says, "OK..." unplugs them all and arrests them! Super Marlynn erased armor - the picky little brat - and his special headphones faded away. He asks, "What the junk was that, illuminati?" pauses, and busts out laughing. I erase armor and take cover near the window to see who it was. "YOU GOTTA COME OUT SOMETIME, AZARBAN! FIRE IN THE HOLE!" Waves of dark flying mines, missiles, and rockets head toward my house. My Hollownaut I had stationed in the attic yells, "INCOMING!" before being recycled and looted by the eerie Megas. He dissolves and soars into Mega Behemoths armor. They had one of those old-timey Gatling guns with the crank. One of their marrownauts was winding away. "Now, that's just dumb... How the hell you gonn' show up with some sh'' like that?" asked Bot Groove, losing his balance in the quaking explosive hailstorm - his double clock had just worn off from the super song. I saw a rocket head right in the window where I was standing! I leapt over and possessed my defense belt in the knick of time! They almost bound me with -12,000 degrees of life or 12,000 degrees of darkness. I slipped up - had a loose grip, so when a following rocket hit me, it knocked me out of my belt. As my ears rang, I wrote an auto-repair fence over the entire house and it repaired all the damages. It swallowed their explosives - rocked by them a tad; a wave of electromagnetic force swims through and repairs everything! It grew larger when needed, and it was faster than light! "They're too dark, we need backup!" yelled Super Demo, trying to keep his balance. "NEGATIVE, WE GOTTA HANG IN THERE FOR A WHILE! IT'S GONNA FREAK MY NEIGHBORS OUT! (WHIRR...BMMM)" I kept summoning bots to go outside and keep them busy while we scanned them for statistics and attributes. I take cover again. "DAMN!" I yelled, knowing we were out gunned. "(BOOM) TOLD YA..." said Bot Demo. My bots were taking a beating, their sirens ringing in their ears, replacing their theme music, as they're one hit away from being unplugged and bound! A grenade charged with darkness blows my side garages and they seemingly repair themselves from top to bottom, bending back to par. I use another invisible auto-repair wave to clean the street of the explosive shells and any damages it could find, it obeyed... I spawn a super Watch bot and it makes invisible colossal portals to both sides of the street, around the stand off. I form a Hollowbotic replica of the street and the houses. I raise the real ones, and nobody notice because the portals were low, but the neighbors and their homes were hovering above another city. A woman drives into the invisible portal and goes into her house, she didn't notice either! Behemoth took a deep breath and held it in. He exhaled and said, "D'''!" and fired a giant power saw blade into the house. He turned back to look at Belial. "Fire in the hole..." He turned back to the house and fired another missile. It crashed into the house and exploded. He turned to Bot Mega Typhon and paused. Then he said, "Fire in the hole..." turned around, and blasted the house again, knowing it wouldn't do anything. Several Azarban bots were sent out and turned into baddies. "(Knock-Knock) I bwotta pee, dood!" One of 'em tries to get back in. "Dude' lyin'..." said Bot Groove, taking cover at the newly repaired window with me. 

Evening
YOU GIMME MY PROPERTY...OR IM GONNA CHOKE THIS LITTLE B OUT! Mega Belial said, holding a ten-year-old girl bot up by the neck. He kept his eyes on my window and strangled her. She choked and dissolved. He lost his temper. We laughed in my attic, some of us holding binoculars up to our eyes. SH!
WHAT DO WE DO NOW?!
I DONT KNOW, BELIAL, BUT IM NOT GONNA JUST WALK AWAY  MY ENTIRE REPUTATION IS ON THIS! As I watch I say, Bummer... with my binoculars hovering to my eyes. He turns to the dark cupids, who were staring at him. GET- he yells. They laugh mischievously and possess my house as he growls with impatience. Liqrab was sniping in the first room. They lost a few friendly and haunted the wall to enter another room.
(Theyre trying to put him out, but he is on fire! Grapples, reversals, and multiple melee bar counters this week! Theyre down! THEYRE DOWN! TRIPLE MELEE BAR! THEY CANT GET TO HIM! UN-BE LIEVABLE! STAY TUNED, FOLKS, WE AINT GOIN NOWHERE!) 

 Mega Behemoth stood by a street light and continually rammed his head against it. The dark cupids gave one another hand signals to split up into teams quietly. When a few enter the room super Marlynn was in, ON THE GROUND! (DROP YOUR WEAPONS) DO IT NOW! They were busted and surrounded by my hollownauts. AAA! (I WAS WOOKING FOAH THE BAFWOOM!) They cried and lied. They had no choice but to surrender. Mega Belial followed them and saw them recycling, but no sign of Azarban on their belts. He slapped both of his hands onto his face and squalled like he was going to have a nervous breakdown. He slowly slid them down his cheeks as if he was trying to pull them off. They sent in two experienced Moonnauts theyd gained from cheating in Axe. They split up and sneak into two separate rooms  one being the attic. There was an immense hole in the roof of the attic. There was a bar and dance floor in the other room. The groove fighters halo spewed through the roof, and the room with the dance floor was filled with invisible flying mines. Music started playing. HA-AWW SHH- (SLURP SNAP! GULP) MM... (Smack-smack) THATS MY SH RIGHT THERE! The dark Moonnaut grabbed a drink, unharmed, and progressed to the dance floor, jigging itself into a Marrownaut. SH, N, GET SOME GET DOWN IN YA SYSTEM! H-OHH SH! he tried to run and unplugged himself on the explosives! His window was popping and sparking, it read:

You have been unplugged, and since your organs are not the fruit of the living God, you have been signed over to the sinister Gawnden...

Groove twists in out of haunting the ceiling to avoid being seen by the exiles outside; he locks onto the Moonnaut, and fires! He misses. The dark bot was swift, until suddenly he couldnt move anymore. The hollow tic  Groove nukes him and unplugs him early!
(OH MY GOD! Signature move after signature move! Today was an
Unforgettable day, in Axe history! Its heatin up now, baby! Oh yea!)

 He throws him outside, right into Mega Belials face. It was, then a good Gawnden bot, so, it attacked the demon! AAA-SHH! Belial screams like a girl, binds the bot, and grows even more furious. Nobody knew someone as mad as he was could get any madder. Then, he gets an idea that changed his whole demeanor. Women... He whispered to himself, with a big devilish grin.

Night

I summoned fake snow and they bought it. It begins to fall slowly and seemed so real. They square danced around, interlocking elbows and skipping. They sang really loud to wake my neighbors. They wake my Hollowbotics. HEY! SHUT THE HELL UP, MAN! said a Hollowbotic neighbor, wearing pajamas. I made it shut the door before it was smitten and they realized it wasnt human. They try to snipe him down, miss, and keep square dancing. They start charging snowballs with darkness and fire into the windows of all the houses. I could sense the she-devils trying to tunnel in through the basement, so I opened the abyss, levitated my house, and flushed them into hell. Mega Vanity, lets go. They must have thought I was still attracted to her. They sent in bot Vanity and she haunted me. Marlynn...
H-AAAH! SH! I ducked her dream manipulation lock-on and ran off.
(NICE DODGE BY POSSESSION! Absolutely breathtaking performance by the good Gawnden this
week, multiple arrests again, plus the touching melee bars weve had recently!)

 Damn it... Hes gone!
FIND HIM YOU FING SLUT! I thought itd be funny to summon a Rosebush clone and watch the two go at it... Bot Rosebush stood behind her and vanished when she turned around. I summoned myself a bag of popcorn and slap a handful in my mouth. SHH, Got me a personal bag o popcorn in this son b...Im tryin to watch this sh... I whispered to myself in hiding, undiscovered, spawning invisible flying cameras everywhere. Azarban was hiding too, in the kitchen cabinet. Liqrab reported in. Stay put, mastoah. The syssom has been bweetsed... Azarban sat down and had a fairly unusual response than that of the other high ranking commanders. HMMM... he whined like a puppy. Demo grabs a shotgun I had summoned for the sentry bots and stepped into the basement for any remaining dark Gawnden. He sets the shotgun on its butt, leans it against a wall, and pushes a button in his glove to contact me. It looks like a volcano down here. They brought the old-timey Gatling gun back out and started rotating it again. I adjust my camera to look outside through the window and laugh at it, still hiding from Vanity. DUDE, WHAT THE F IS THAT?! Demo could see demons escaping from hell. The demons charged past him and up the stairs, some trying to swipe the gun, but taking a sucker punch instead! HEY, YALL AINT INVITED...HEY! Demo yells at the demons, trying to talk over the strumming guitar strings in his breastplate. He spins to swing his cape and it detached itself from him, becoming a real tornado. It flushed more dead into the abyss. I close the abyss as his cape returned to his armor and reattached itself. Bot Vanity checks the empty rooms I summoned just for her and bot Rosebush. Its empty, theyre gone...
WHAT DO YOU MEAN ITS EMPTY?
I DONT SEE HIM? Im comin out. Rosebush grabs her by the hair. Something was coming out  out of her head! Rosebush flung Vanity around by the hair until she was unplugged! Then, she arrested her. 
(JESUS CHRIST- WHAT A COMBO! Wow! Can you believe this...? The heart nanny! Whoah! What a show, people! Were in the money now, baby! Hang tight, brace yourselves, we got a story that's gonna blow you away comin' up - right here - on the essential telecast.)
 I smirk at her announcers reactions in her essential telecast, still following her. She becomes real and haunts the room. Then, I summon another Vanity bot and a joystick. Then I start controlling bot Rosebush like a video game - like I do when Im filming. The room transforms into a moving background stage, like in a 3D fighter. Vanity starts kicking my butt, and I nearly break the joystick trying to stay off the ground! Damn...! She dont like that ho... I joke, sipping lemonade. Groove haunts my hiding spot. Man, if you dont get yo ass up!
Hold on, man, damn.... I lose and go back with Groove. Demo was still in the basement, clobbering dark bots with his brute strength and crashing fists.
(THE DARK GAWNDEN ARE SLAPPIN ON DEFENSE-BELTS! WE MADE IT BABY, THEYRE TAKING SOME BIG HITS! THE BATTLE FOR BAN IS ON! STAY TUNED!)

 Groove takes a stand on the roof  a mic stand! HOW YALL UGLY-ASS FOOLS DOIN OUT THERE TONIGHT? They activate their bionic earplugs. Oh hell no! yelled Groove. He hopped back inside, dodging heat seeking dark flying mines!
Dawn

When the sun started to rise, I had bots on watch as I slept; Crowds of dark bots outside like an army troop about to strike, sat in a huddle, having a meeting in a huge tent right in the middle of the street! One of them was still winding that old-timey Gatling gun. He stopped, like, (this is pointless)... One of the officers jumped out of the tent and slapped him on the ear... Holy fire shields blazed in my auto repairing windows, behind the curtains  clouds of Darkness blurring away the exiles armor. Theyre holding my neighbors hostage, at least thats what they thought. Its 2014 and somebody got this old punk-ass gun... said Groove, sipping coffee for no fing reason. He peeps over the hole in the roof, where he could see him and said, We wanna negotiate!
WE WANT AZARBAN, GROOVE, AND IM NOT LEAVIN UNTIL WE GET HIM! (And ten Moonnauts) AND TEN MOONNAUTS! they went back into the tent. I rose up and looked around. Liqrab was in my room asleep. I picked up Liqrab, pulled the blankets off myself, and rushed into the kitchen to get Azarban. I open the cabinet and he wasnt there. I open the drawer and he was there. I put them both into the cabinet. Azarban, you guys stay here OK? 
WAAJOAH... I laugh, slowly shutting the door as he flipped around, spinning his blade like a windmill, performing back-flips and handstands. WHAT IF WE GAVE YOU A CLONE? Groove joked, still yelling out of the hole in the roof to negotiate. Downstairs, Ban and Liqrab pop out of the cabinet, growling with little melee bars! A dark Moonnaut was inside! He grabbed Liqrab and held his little arms down so hed stop slashing. The dark bot covered Liqrabs mouth. Not knowing what to do, Little-Azarban lands on the faucet and stares like any other unknowing kid. It was a stare like he didnt even know what was going on. Suddenly, a split second later, Groove is swimming and the entire house is overflowing with water! AZARBAN! yelled Groove underneath the surface, air bubbles floating up from his mouth.
 The hole in the roof was giving off a little stream, a few tiny drops here and there, but not like a waterfall or anything. I haunt the wall and exit on the other side; my Hollowbotic guards and I are soaked, lying all over the backyard. Groove possesses the roof and joined us in the back yard. How the heck is he doing that?
What the heck are they doin?
OH, I KNOW ITS AZARBAN! TRUST ME ON THAT, MARLYNN!
Whos that on the Gatling gun, take him out. My bot snipes the dark bot rotating the Gatling gun with a silenced rifle. When it screams, Mega Belial opens the tent, puts his fist up, and yells, SISSYS! then he steps out to look at something on the roof and the tent vanishes. Liqrab crawls out of the hole. Thats not him.
WAIT...! Its a Marrownaut... They turn on their heat sensors in their bionic eyes. Its just some Amolvian...I know Azarbans hotter...
Hold your fire! Liqrab stirs the water with his hand and tastes it. Azarban possessed the water, so he had all of it! All the water in the house erupted like a geyser and Azarban revised it holy. Oh no...AAA! Mega Belials and his troop took a nice sanctified baptism shower that morning as our backup arrived on the scene to find a troop of good Gawnden and holy gas evaporating everywhere in the area. Spooky right...?



SECTION VIII
THE MAGIC SCROLL, FROM UNGUARDED: THE BOOK OF RUIEN
This is from a magic scroll that magically says exactly what you need to cheer you up and put you in a better mood for the day you behold it! I hacked it where it shows all of the encouragements given in previous uses:
satan doesn't like the truth...Though he is allergic to evil, which lies are...And He self-destructs...
Not ALL HUMAN BEINGS ARE MEAN, IF THEYRE HUMAN, THEY CAN CHANGE, MAN....
(Yea Im gonna lose, this battle isn't nearly over...) Well let God fight it, it will get a lot easier!
hopin' and dreamin', maybe that ain't the same as trustin God to be faithful. 
obey God's son, he said not to worry, obey God son, he said not to hurry, patience and longing can feel like suffering... 
Devil, you don't do nothin' for me but dislike me, goodbye...
 I said what I said and I meant what I said...
I don't want you to sit up here and be mad all ya life, over nothin' it ain't somethin' you can do about it, if she' married or seein' somebody...it's pretty inevitable... Don't hurt ya self for somebody that don't give a damn about you, you know....? If God want it to happen it will, I can't be too sure, but I know I said I love her because I want to, you ain't no rapist, if somebody a rapist they'll be tryin' to... they wouldn't be tryin' to marry her and take care of her, sh, they'll be tryin' to kill
You made it and you still complainin', that's sign of a lot of things...Maybe you're not used to winning... 
Channel your energy into something positive, like exercise and dance or martial arts even you gotta be confident this gonn' go somewhere and confident in how calm you can be...have confidence and balance... 
let's help somebody today, and give ourselves an A+
Don't come for me and God, this ain't what you want... i'm his anointed... all you doin' is lookin' for somethin' wrong with me so you can judge me... you gonn' get ya feelin' hurt...get some get down nigga this ain't what you want....I ain't gonn' tell you again...
And when you feel empty I know how it can be...A Christian always has someone to talk to
when someone hates you they won't know how to show you mercy...never trust them...
get over it it's not an excuse....i'm not crushing your dreams cause if you wanted it, you wouldn't let one person saying something they feel is true stop you...not at all... 
I do all this for love, for confidence so I can approach girls, and I don't even know how to do it.... 
we all have angels
above means in excess of...and We have all put things above god here and there 
you didn't wake up one day and say, i'm gonna not have courage to approach adventure, why would you say that and you like Paradise...? 
A hollow blessing or gift from satan doesn't work, it's empty and you will still be when you recieve it. Like cigarrettes... Are you sad? You don't remember what you deserve?
Nobody has to remind you to seek the HOLLOW; they shouldn't have to remind you to seek the kingdom of God- Paradise. 
I got it all figured out, don't I? I need God because Im too far ahead of me to not see what to do. 
say something, stop holding in problems that eat away at your spirits like maggots.
I AM the fine man I was raised to be...
No more despising yourself and your own voice; Let you and your voice carry on - FOREVER. 
You wanna be like me? I think everybody has the same weaknesses as I do. My life's a nightmare, kid.
Be there, not distant, make a connection.
Relax, really relax: Take a break, you're not a priest, let God be the savior and most vigilant of all. "I will stop at nothing until all are perfect people." Take it easy, dude, the bible's like two thousand pages long! You want the hardest job ever if you wanna teach that! It's not gonna be as easy for you as it is for God. So you'll need his rest and his strengthening spirit anyway. 
See the devil wants loving to feel like a crime...
People have minds of their own... You finally feel like you belong to something, the mission is complete, and the fight is over...
 terrorize demons with prayer, 
Let God fight for you - lay to rest in his inner-peace. He is the commander of your life, which is like a strategy game. he controls you but you win! and keep in mind, there are some genius game testers out there, but we dont put them above heavenly father.
If you wanna go somewhere you gotta kick some butt! If you trust God, you come as you are, not perfect, tryin' to do sh'' you don't know how to. But he knows when you're trying...
Those who want you to stop trying, aren't trying at all...
When you love someone, you wouldn't disrespect them or try to take advantage of them...
Appreciate your woman, and the God who made her for you....
Something's in my heart, not a demon, not guilt, it's compassion....
Real christians are used by God to lift your burdens, not blame you for them to pressure you more...
We do not all share the same shames... 
Devil is just mad cause we keep our composure and He loses his temper
 I'm here to tell you that, to them, ain't nothin' wrong with you but the fact that you' right. 
Addiction demons are parasital, they find openings in your heart and mind to destroy them. Don't crack, flush 'em out!
God is a problemless worryless fearless God.
The problem is you think you have problems; no problems are on the inside of you, And you still control you anyway. 
gay is just a word; it is not a name! You are not gay, you are you, if I were homosexual, I would still just be Ruien!
How you gonn' set yo' enemy up, just to judge 'em? Pray for them, they need his blessing just like you. I ain't see nobody pray for nobody! If they were wrong, Both of y'all are wrong!
Be good to yo' mind. Relax it on two pillows and wash your hair for no reason.
Nowhere in the bible does it adress any of you. Where does it say in the bible - Ruien needs another person other than Jesus to be his savior; Ruien is going to fail; Ruien has no chance just like Satan? 
Believe God's words overall. I'm not a thug or a trouble maker, i'm Ruien.
You can tell what people want by how they treat you after you mess up. 
You're God given, stay the God oriented person you are and you won't have to worry about how big or small the example you set is. 
There's too much agony my God, let us never be decieved again.
Breaking curse of little compassion: Behold the sight of pain and say, "My God...My God..."
Stay cheerful as would a man who begets freedom.
Dudes say i'm indecisive to control my choices/ the same dudes turn around and ignore me like they hearin' voices/ dudes hatin' cause the babes still admire me like a portrait...
I respect my body for when I bring it forth to my wife. I give her my best and no other woman can have all my energy cause I wont have any left.
God have mercy on my heart. I stay up until three in the morning repeating my own songs.
You are not helpless.
Stress strips people of their COMFORT; God comes to comfort, so try not to stress anyone.
Weakness comes back into your life. Do I seem like you need my healing? You have a loving God - and he repairs, knowing what all the parts do. My remedy doesn't compare to God's.
I'm a grown man, if you dislike me, I can tell. I ain't tryin' to patch things up with nobody but God. If I want to pull, Ill pull him....
If Satan strikes right when you're at the finish line, you must be doing something right! But don't be sad if you fall short! Sometimes we still complain when we win too. But don't complain around the children of God, you're gonna make somebody slit their wrists, man! The God of more than enough, will double your trophies like he did that Job! Remember that, 'cause it's gonna be somethin' big. Do the right thing, when someone sees you, always be on your way to a party or a vacation or something! Don't let them classify you as lonely OR MISERABLE!
God still defends you like a good lawyer and absolutely loves you! "Hey...Kid wasn't raised right." You are adorable.
Speak to the living God, who art in the living kingdom. Help me God, you don't have to give me what I want, just take away this emptiness.
How to break the tension curse: There must have been an argument somewhere, you've ultimately won, and now they think everything you say is a debate. It's up to you to not say anything that can turn out hurtful. You gotta stop blamin' yourself.
Know why we are attacked while filming so much? - That's because we were almost done, Satan doesn't like that, he's miserable. "I can't let you finish what you started, not today!"
My spirit is faint...but my God is the source of all peace... The holy spirit is proof that God is real. When you recieve it, you taste heaven, and you no long long or thirst or hunger. 
Weaknesses aren't curses, they're gifts of uniqueness to have fun in your own way... And don't just have fun, have a blast! 
God does not have to conquer, he owns whatever he makes. Put no thing above God. 
Love is your weapon. Value the gospels. 
Well, it didn't work did it? Let yourself remember that Jesus is the king of real peace, not temporary peace. Give him real trust, not temporary trust, because eventually, fakin' it's gonna backfire on you! 
You like what you like, friend, I think you were gonna be this way regardless of who accepts it today. There's something missing from your past that you seek today. 
Sweet, dude, so I'm free...? 
It's a cold world and a lot o' people ain't got a pair o' shoes or a coat, so sore with heart-break. 
Mean no one harm, physically, nor mentally either. Those who want others to be dumb are dumb. Stick together and put your heads together, that is the cure for cancer. May your minds be as great idea generators...There is no harm in that! 
You don't really come off like you have any self-control if you're yelling and money makes you a whole new person. 
Don't keep your composure, the devil loves that kinda stuff.... 
Men will say doom be I, for their hearts may have wicked desires inside them. God will say exactly what I need to hear cheerfully, with one of those big number 1 finger deals, for his heart is filled with compassions. 
Tell a man you don't care, and those who disrespect you will tell you you do care... I can't stand assuming people, man. If that is the type of person they are, love them for who they are, but speak no more to them, knowing they won't respect you or help you to trust yourself. If I knew what you were going through, would I do that to ya? 
You' strong: Your faith is strong, so the wicked hearted will not believe you to be any stronger than they are because they show their goodness. You don't have to prove how good you are anymore. 
Imagine you never worried or thirst. 
Your self-worth is priceless. 
Life's not a race, but be the first to do something only you can do. What is your passion? What do you have a knack for? What's your motive? 
Even if it killed you, you'd die for God. And if it doesn't kill you it will make you stronger. You'll have to be stronger to carry the weight of God's gifts for you. I'm talkin' to you. Don't be lookin' around. 
Don't dwell on the past conflicts, move on with your life man. Don't do what Satan expects. 
He said thou shalt not lie. When you have bad thoughts, is there any guilt there? There's nothing wrong with being yourself. Your thoughts are you. 
Give a man food, and his belly will digest. Give an angel food and an angel will burst. So burst in joy, for a trustworthy Lord said you will be like the angels in heaven. You know, angel belly! 
Don't strain any muscle in your body, stay calm. 
Never tell an enemy you're on your way. 
My wife stuns me everytime I see her. If someone can do that to you, she must be the one. I forget so many hot women, but not her. I don't have to be reminded about her! When we stood at the alter, I was talkin' to her like there was nobody there but me and her. There's no show here, this is real love. Unlike a lot of men, I didn't know what being a husband was. So I looked it up in the dictionary: a woman's partner in marriage. Oh, I got this...I forgive; I understand; I have a merciful heart, and my wife's heart is the same. I like how she teaches me things about me I didn't know. When you apologize to your wife, mean it. She's not a game you're just tryin' to use and play like a womanizer. I love her mouth; I love just laying there and her naggin' me to sleep
Don't act like it's something or it will never grow into nothing to you. When people compliment you, don't react like it's hard for you or them. It's not an accomplishment to me. Be that way all the way to the grave. 
God, I want to help your spirit do its work - in the name of the son, Amen. 
There's never too much love. Luce is heartless. 
If you have a lot of playmates on your wall - like I did - they're not watching you and you're not watching them. It's just ink. They live on earth, not online. Now, you like this woman on the outside of yourself, but deep down do you like her on your inside. I was a big dreamer too, but God didn't want me to pretend anymore so he gave me a real-live Goddess. She's warm; she's gentle, and softer than anything I've ever felt. I appreciate her. She helped me find God's rest. She's the best, and if I look for any other chic, that's exactly what i'll get. She had some imperfections. She's a killer and she scares me, but no other woman can turn me on like my Rosebush. She decides to come by choice, without me having to seduce her. I like 'em hard to get. Had it not been for the strength I get from God's word, I'd be still sittin' around somewhere with no balls. Ha...My dad grew some balls and divorced my mom...She's not alone, God's with her always. 
Just because you made mistakes doesn't mean you don't wanna do right. 
Keep your love personal and in private, show-off. 
Do you wish you knew affection? God is not watching you in the way a wicked man would, nor for what a wicked man wants to see. 
Let my God touch you through me
Can't relax? Too Guilty: Whoever has the juice the devil fights the hardest. 
Accept me, what do you want me to do - Morph...? Black folk' so used to insulting one another's intelligence, every time I hear the words 'common-sense' something messed up happens! 
Freedom is a gift - share it. 
Women like to be right, because being wrong makes them feel unattractive. 
Focus on something else
You're in God's hands and so is every person you lay eyes on. 
Fly... Your body can already do it if you allow your mind to believe. Don't worry about it, dude, I'll just put the 'how to fly' song in our next book...
Dont let the devil know for one second that you are able to quit! And if you do, you alone will pay for it!
Look at us, look at us...We look stupid letting money come between us.
Maybe im part of the problem and not part of the solution.
You Do not live your life just to satisfy everyone elses self-satisfactions...
Just because I wrote this and you read this doesnt mean were off the hook! we only remember to do what we want.
God doesnt judge us as fast as the accuser, who howls punishment when we mess up.
Dont hate the whole you for the lack of one strength.
When someone meets me, I want them to ask, (Man, what planet are you from?)
The past is past, leave it behind you and keep it behind you.
You can do it if you just go for it  live to shoot again!
Sometimes people forget who you are when theyre mad at you, and fear enhances their amnesia!
Youre gonna make it, in God is all ways out, and he is an escape artist who escaped death before!
You kissin yo babies and somebody should be kissin you the same way...
Always take Gods word over mans...
If God saw you slip and fall, I dont think he would laugh at you like a man. Hed take you seriously, not humiliate you. Hes old, man...
sex gives you the peace and the rest God, wed, and have all the sex you want!
You can pray at any time, you dont have to roll out a red carpet and light a thousand candles. He knows what you need. All you have to do is say simply, God, and hell know why.
Profanity in music and television make you guilty without you knowing, because you know god may be bothered by it.
My touch means something, its real
You dont mean that...
Stop trying to change me bad, you cant
I may not know affection, but im a hero
I do not control my God. 
God carries me wherever he goes. Before I was lost. I was also numb- feeling none. I felt one thing, that none would forgive me for not being perfect.
Hey, God, im not perfect again, will I be punished?
exceed self-trust. believe in yourself.
the earliest bird gets the most varieties of worms.
Let your heart soak in joy, at least you try. Thats what matters to God.
God knows your heart is broken the moment it breaks. You cant prevent us from enjoying ourselves. Get thee behind Jesus.
Better use that grain of mustard seed.
If I continue to go the distance for her, our relationship will be fine. But if I do so without God holding us firm well break!
The first idiot to try to prove hes innocent is guilty. Just kidding, were always innocent.
You believe with your bones.
Dont depend on what a man thinks and says 
Dont let your adversaries make you feel like youre out of ammunition so they can shoot you down! 
You cant hurt my feelings, you cant bring my spirits down, I dont believe it so it becomes true in me
See when folk dont like you, they think they can transform God...And that you shouldnt like yourself...
I doubt God everyday I forget...
focus on something positive, focus off something negative...find something else in the room to talk about...
When you want to trust me, you wont forget to...
You deserve pity, and you get more than enough of it from God!
You can still be nice to somebody you dont like.
How I know what you been through without askin you?
The world can trust that this is how it is, but not god, god can change how it is
Dont humiliate yourself and then pout when you get laughed at...
You dont have to fit in, who ever said ya did?
What happened to not caring to judge? What happened to being happy for your neighbor.
How depressed can you get. Keep track and make a record of it...Its nothing new...
Learn to let people win. Dont make it bigger of a challenge than it is...
Gods gonna put you in a better place, and you are where he wants you...
Dont reveal that you have tension. Relax the muscles in your face.
I dont need healing anymore, he already healed me.
It really hurts to want to be a hero or help people and not be able to...
Laugh at satan, laugh right in his face! and force yourself to believe youll be fine. he laughed at you....
youre an influence on yourself. 
God can stop a speeding bullet.
You aint tryin to make them any un-easier...They just lookin for error in you and yo ways.
Theres no way to help a man without praying for him, thus first go to God....
Have innocent eyes that bless the enemies it beholds...and look with them for ways to help them....
Confession is good for your soul
man I got big...Where have I been all this time? found yourself didnt ya...? See how you look at yourself now?
you dont need people to like you, dude, youre not gonna die because theyre talking bad about you. You wont die if you dont get everything you want...
This is your breakthrough and its free too...Its cheap...
keep movin, im writing and still about to go somewhere...
I am not attracted to temptations ANYMORE; i got the holy ghost...
See, worries, theyll beat us up, but nothing beats prayer!
Hey, how do you cheer people down..?
its sad when youve seen everybody you know get mad before...
Dont look broke, look fashion...
People cant even drive themselves without god, how can you let em drive you?
enjoy freedom, dont push it away...
stop pointing fingers and no fingers will be pointed at your...
Demons dislike wise mouths, they like humans who can only fail...
Some people want to be cheated on, and thats why they pretend to be before it happens.
You make hearts in my eyes.
Watch satan... he gonn doubt you watch...
Let God carry thy enemies and not guilt...
Whatever you think youre gonna be, you already are something better...
Who asked him, who cares what satan thinks?
this books gonna piss him off! good thing we arent scared of his punk-a...
youre free on the inside too man
Who can say they offered this man the tools to be doubtless in character...?
Relax your spine and the back of your eyeballs...all the way...rub out the aches in your head and dont be enslaved by emotions or pains.
Theres gonna come a time when you dont feel like God is there, thats how genuine and lowly he is...
Godly folk dont wish pressure on nobody...
if a man valued gods word, he wouldnt wish profane things on your name...
We wonder how we got so sad, yet  one day  we will wonder how we got so happy...
Im real productive, you cant put out my fire...
If I fail today theres always tommorrow...
I don not know mercy, for I have it not on myself...
Bring out the best in me, not the worst.
I complain all day, but Im supposed to be an example of someone whos happy?
I can sit here and say what im gonna do all I want, i still cant predict the future...
I cant impress em all, it isnt possible...
I do right just cause somebodys watching.
Really prove em wrong and watch how stupid they look when they come back to try to hate again...
My God gives ADVENTURE and sets slaves free....
longing for love, heart broken on drugs, you gotta take your life back...sobriety is a super power that satan doesnt want you to access. I makes your life like an action movie!
Greetings earthlings...
Dear God, I like to feel good. Alright Satan, the jig is up - game over - insert coins...
I want to be the perfect ditto  clich?
To god the problem is smaller than you think. smaller than we can imagine...hell strengthen you with his son...
Live your own life, stop letting these sickos live it for you  come out of your shell and change to a new lifestyle...
undying peace cannot be murdered
cover up your perfect side and your strengths then, meeky...
hiding my flaws gets me nowhere...
I talk too much...but its cause i want to...
Fix the whole person, if ya wanna do anything so bad...
Self-control: Sometimes you just dont know your own body...
Hard to say (God loves me) when youre hopeless and broke, man... Hard to remember that...
Man does this guy even have a soul? I mean, this guy must really have something against himself...!
If a friend ditches you, ditch them...
Id never think of hurting a fly, but im looked at as such a bad guy...
anything you develop in yourself becomes a stronger skill...
find magic in places it doesnt exist.
All yall from africa....Allll Yall...
relax every muscle you can and surrender its might to heavenly father...
Have real peace and real joy in your system...
Drugs arent healthy and god is; be the natural unaltered person that god put you here to be...and live forever...
god forgives, do ye? And a mans bad deeds are to be forgotten....
compliment people right when you see them...
I like who i am and so does my number one fan- God...
If i cant drink it or smoke it one time without having to go back again, it aint got nothin to do with god...
no more drugs, smoke exercise and scriptures...
Dude, if somebody lied on you, theyre lying...whats so arousing about that? Its not even true...You make it look true, trying so hard to prove it isnt
Lord opens eyes, satan blinds the good guys...
everybody wanna be crucified now...If youre waiting until marriage, you aint gotta be all stuck up and have such a funky attitude about it. Nobodys aiming to pick on you youre good man. Im a virgin myself, but ya dont see me spoiling everybodys fun for sport...Thats why people run from the church now, all we talk about is sin!
The only person i know who has to prove how good they are is the devil...
satan has no gifts, just jail time
at the job you only get a break, god gives a whole vacation over an entire lifespan...what do you wanna do, kid?
the more you obey the less you gotta worry about doing your chores. A clean stable makes for a healthier horse...
talk gentle to enemies too, theyre the ones who need it...
No more limitations: If you can count on your fingers, you can do addition in your head, if you can do that, you can do multiplication and trigonometry etc.
you can tell im not always nice or humble...
If you wanna do the opposite of what god wants so you can fit in with the crowd, thats exactly what you gonn get, the crowd...A crowd of people who dont accept you for who you are...
insulting somebody isnt gonna make them feel better, dang, you aint even give em a chance, Why expect them to change and be mad at them if you wont even let em?
people threatened me and told me I wasnt gonn make it all the time, man. everybody was worried about Jesus life but jesus...He walked right on by. He didnt say nothin to them folk  cause he knew they werent talkin about nothin...Gods got a plan for you and hes got a plan for me, aint no sense in sittin here lyin to one another like we know everything...
Problems, danger, hollow gifts from the devil; that stuff aint no good, kick it to the curb...
cast a shadow
engage with enthusiasm
If you fail mentally, you'll fail physically eventually
Trying to hold on to my life, that's why Im dying. Hopeless.
If no one has ever found delight in you, how can they expect for you to find it in yourself?
Admit your imperfection, thats how you find out who you are.
If someone calls me slow, I say, "That's the only way to speed up...I like to accelerate..."
Well at least Im not perfect - I feel perfectly normal...
A king is never above his God.
As long as I care about people, Ill be the finest man I can be...
The power is Christ's alone, and many will say they have the power but they will merely be deceivers...
You kick more butt, not kickin' butt, than you do when you take vengeance into your own hands.
You're no friend of Christ if you can't move one little mountain.
If we click, we do together, not just me.
Had I been a roman in his time, I'd judge Jesus and mock him just like the rest of those scoundrels.
The sparrow: Somebody's watching me...Somebody clean, pure, and whole. Not someone empty that's for sure. Cause his spirit feels good!
Let the wicked shame; let the wicked curse; but ye who do not worship the anti-Christ, bless your adversaries.
Dreams: The more you try, the closer you get. Don't worry about what went wrong the last time you tried, keep your eye on the goal. The secret key to dreams is that God wants you to have wealth and be happy. If it isnt making you any money, why do it?
Ultras: I'm some God.
I got a band in my head; Satan just doesn't want it to get any gigs. He's tryin' to mute us, man.
God gave me all these gifts, without him, I cannot use them properly.
Leave them alone O devils! Don't try and use me to judge and condemn my neighbors!
Normally, we all want to see the hero win in a sense. In a sense sounds like innocence.
Confusion overloads
That's hard to do if you live in doubt. You're drowning in it.
You don't need 'em, or their drugs, or their advice, 'cause God already put in your life everything you need to reach your breakthrough.
Cheer God up...Find ways to...This is the key to strength....
Come as you are, not as Jesus...
You can want me to be lost and crazy all you want; sometimes, I want stuff I can't have too. Taking my spirits up is the only option.
For Drug addiction: Why be content with where you are if you're still searching for a soul? RELAX EVERYWHERE YOU GO, BUT NEVER GET COMFORTABLE WHERE YOU DONT WANT TO STAY FOREVER.
Depression didn't find me, I found it...
To the homeless: why settle for less? You can't beg forever...
Craft like a professional.
Don't be unsure and ask yourself, "Can I do it?"
Do you want to keep finding out the hard way? Guilty isn't the only way to feel.
Being saved is fun.
Apologize to your kid, don't make him feel like he doesn't deserve that...Show him he deserves some respect...
A Christian always has someone to talk to.
Troublemakers seem like trouble cravers...
Do not nourish the spirit of disputation, nor the spirit of evil
With God, we will fight until we win. With anger and wrath, we will lose all besides it.
The only way to hell is to fell unwelcomed in heaven, which is impposible.
How much did I charge you for this? Really....
We all mess up
He has seen my faith
At the end o' the day that person may have wronged you, but we all have feelings. They might even care about you if you gave 'em a chance, but if you don't you can't blame them for the distance between the two of you... 
You have so much to look foreward to
Dont run from the burn, exercise and like it. smile.
Man, what am i gonna do? the answer is what is god gonna do?
My God, I was just wondering why I cant love you stronger than anyone I ever wanted to... The answer is theres guilt in me...my intestines, my muscles, my heart, my mind, guilt swims in them all, preventing me from doing so..
when theres a question of why I cant figure something out myself, theres always an answer...
im insecure about being shallow so much...
She cant feel bad for leaving a man who lets anything stop him from respecting her...havin mood swings and not tellin her whats wrong...jerk alert!
all I am good for is sex because Im a boy
i know how to be against but not with as well
Remember all those daydreams you used to have when you got around people and you wanted to fit in? You didnt wanna do nothin bad did you? You werent dreamin of talkin to another dudes girlfriend, or hurtin anyone in any kind of way...
Its gonna be fine, you havent broken any laws, and any more pressure they put on you, you let God deal with that ok
Just feel that way, dont need me to...
Its a way of trying to feel attractive, and cruel verbal insults are the main way of showing/expressing that bitterness to some women.
The devils obviously somewhere in you, cause I dont think youre reading this to judge anyone, I think you just want to be free for once and better yourself so you make a record so you can go back to it. You havent gone so far! You are not a criminal, but you are sometimes treated like one...And I know its hard to remember or say, but...You havent done anything that bad, kid... You act like you killed a cop or some sh...
You tense up around those people because you know they hate you or they act like it... all you learn from them is how to hate people like they do...Are they really good at it?
Wave yo booty like a fin when you walk, because were like Gods pet fishys and earth is one big bowl....
 I dont wanna argue, I wanna have sex
Ive forgotten the spirit of God... When was the last time I felt his presence or heard his voice...CAUSE Liqrabs voice isnt helping at all...Getting in position...coordinates received....
The devils gonna send the most incoherent person you know, right when youre at the finish line...
your energy depletes faster than others, youre being drained by the emptiness deep inside you...since youre like an android anyway, you should tell yourself, Energy Depleting. when you feel down, it works...
 I act like an animal
The emptiness in you is loneliness...Its not depression; depression is what planteth it to grow it...
The only way to blow the roof off that sucker is to be there...not hide...
Lord take my heart off misery and lonliness, in the name of the son, Amen...
All the humans can do to one another is communicate and cooperate...
 There was this huge white scorpion, it was the size of a camel SPIDER, but it was longer and very flat... I kept telling myself, DONT move... but, it was after me and I could not out run it! The only way to get away was to climb a tree. It climb halfway up the tree and jumped for me as I dangled from a branch...it missed me....
The woman who is my God-send can look at me and make me whole, I dont have to put anything in her to feel better...
Dont threaten people to intimidate them. They fear god as far as you know...
O devil, I know who i AM; noone has to remind me...
Trophy, object, and woman are not all the same...
So, Im nervous now? but i said Id stop at nothing?
work your womans inside and outside like a job, profess in her... when she starts moanin and screamin and sh, read that sh! If she sends you on an errand or wants you to remember something, write that sh down... You should have a masters in her...take notes, cause this is a good start...
Stay on your level, dont stoop down with the immature, it gets you nowhere...and they cant wait to bring someone as smart as you down, because theyre childish. what kid at some point, doesnt want to feel like theyre big...Its so easy to be immature...be tough...like God...
Find a reachable success...
Locked
Locked
Locked
Locked
 Locked
Locked
Locked
Locked
 Locked
Locked
Locked
Locked
 (Data Access prohibited, Upgrade required)
Crap, man...! Well, thats all I could give you guys for now...Look out for those upgrades!


