
Champion of the Light, by David Castleton

The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living of dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.

Text copyright 2013 by the author.

All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without express written permission of the author.


For film rights contact davidhcastleton@live.com , put in subject line FILM RIGHTS.

Smashwords Edition

Special thanks to Benjaim H. for his invaluable advice and critique.
















For Mom and Dad, with love.
A son couldnt ask for better parents.

















































Prologue

	"Out of style!?" King Vallidius Blue raged. "Out of style? How can this be?"
	The King tugged at his blue hair as he sat down heavily on his exquisite throne of rare blue coral. He twirled his azure beard around and around his finger in a display of nerves.
	"Y-yes, milord," said Gleef, Vallidius' servant. "Our agent close to Miss Edomal Blaize, Dloop, has obtained some ominous information. It points towards a declaration by the famous fashion designer and supermodel to ban the color blue for the coming summer season. This will be made public in three months time, on June the twenty-first."
	There was a crash and the tinkle of broken glass was heard as Vallidius' goblet shattered, spraying its watery blue contents all over Gleef's shiny bald head. 
	The King stood up and paced back and forth as dark cerulean torchlight flicked eerily around the room. "This is terrible news. It's not as if she is going to announce that another color is in style. That would be tragedy enough. But no. She will place an official fashion ban on blue clothing, effectively creating a taboo on blue for the entire summer season!"
	The King wiped his brow. "Gleef, do you understand what this means?! If Edomal Blaize, influential chairwoman of Blaize-Paris, comes out with a declaration like this, everyone involved in the mortal fashion world will follow suit. No civilized mortal will dare be caught wearing blue this summer. Oh! what will be of me? Of us? And of my precious power that I have worked so long to build up, that I have toiled so much to fortify, that I have labored so hard to strengthen. I, King of Blue, must stand every bit as mighty as the great and terrible beautifly blue seas."
	"Yes, it is heart breaking news, and very terrible indeed, sir," said Gleef. But Blue barely afforded him a glance.
	One of Blue's many pet octopuses swam by the King, contained in its magical watery bubble. He reached through it and pet the creature's mushy, spongy skin. "Octopus, oh mighty, splendid, cobalt octopus. You understand why I need my power, don't you my maritime friend? The power of a man is always symbolized by his hand, which you have eight of! You want power, and you crave dominance, just as I do. You understand me better than all of my thick, brainless servants. Such a beautiful creature. How I love, and how I admire, the beautiful octopus."
	"Love them so much that your extravagant octopus feasts are driving them to near extinction," Gleef muttered to Carrow, one of the King's Guard. Carrow laughed softly, a bittersweet sound, tinged with misery. The laughter of a subjugated man with no hope of freedom, enslaved against his will until the end of time.
	But the King's ears were spry. "What was that?"	
	"It was nothing, nothing at all, milord," said Gleef hastily. He knew that whether he would be allowed to live through the rest of the day or not depended on what he said next. "Just a little joke about, um, Edomal Blaize. About how foolish she is!"
	"That's right," Carrow quickly agreed. "She's such an utter fool, to mess around with the great House of Blue."
	"Yes indeed," Blue breathed softly to himself. "How very foolish she is. She has no idea of what's coming her way." 
	Gleef exhaled a sigh of relief. He had been spared, this time. They told him that working as personal assistant of Blue would be hard and exhausting. Most lasted an average of eight months before they were executed or ran away, whichever came first. But he was forced to take on the undesirable job to save his son who had been caught stealing an apple from the King's private stores from the death penalty. And a half rotten apple at that.
	Blue continued lamenting. "How I wish that I had eight arms, eight long, marvelous arms" he paused to stare at Gleef, as if he was expecting him to say something. Gleef just stared blankly back. 
	"Why," Blue hissed. 
	"Oh yes, of course. Should've known that I was supposed to ask the King 'why'. Silly me," mumbled Gleef. In a louder voice he said, "why?" 
	"To wring that insolent mortal Edomal Blaize's neck!" yelled Blue as he clenched his fist dramatically around an invisible neck.  
	Tensions between the Royal Houses of Blue and Green were steadily rising. Blue knew that he would need all the power he could get for the battle that was sure to come.
	"Well, at least we still have the blue sky on our side," said Blue.
	"Ahem," Gleef spoke up. "I regret to inform milord of some more ominous information that our agent Dloop has managed to procure. Miss Blaize has made plans to employ colorful gases in coloring the skies of fifty major mortal metropolises at the start of summer and continuing for two whole weeks, to kick off the start of a blue-free summer season."
	A thud was heard as King Blue fainted and his tall form struck the floor. His servants quickly revived their master. 
	Blue walked to the gigantic window of his underwater throne room which afforded a view of the sea and watched a shark swim by. Something had to be done. Miss Blaize couldn't be allowed to carry out her evil plan. "Gleef, send out our best investigators to the Mortal Realm at once. They are to try and find out where this horrible idea originated exactly. We may be able to trace it to one of the other Houses of Color. And I assure you, when I find out who it was there will be hell to pay!" 
	"Yes sir."	
	"Now, bring me my Book of Punishments!" the King roared. "I'll show that arrogant mortal." 
	King Blue just loved to administer punishments, but had a terrible memory. So he had all the many punishments that he knew of written down long ago in a massive book bound in whale-skin leather. 
	Two servants of the Royal House of Blue staggered into the throne room with the huge book and set it down on a table with a thump. Blue flipped through the pages in search of a particularly nasty punishment to match to the great crime Miss Edomal Blaize plotted to commit against him. He couldn't find anything fitting. But then one caught his eye.
	"Deeth," he read slowly. "What is deeth, Gleef?"
	"Death," Gleef corrected, "is what happens to mortals when they cease to live, sir. Like when one of our kind dissolve. Only they can't come back."
	When an inhabitant of the Color Realms is injured adequately, they dissolve into a puddle of liquid in the color of their Realm. Then they evaporate. Some are formed and come back again as men, others come back as plants and animals, and still others move on forever.
	"And what happens to mortals, after death?" asked Blue with a gleam in his eye, savoring the word 'death' in his mouth.
	Gleef gulped. "Surely the soul of Miss Blaize will be sent to a very horrible place for the heinous crimes that she has committed against the most exalted King Blue."
	"That's right," said King Blue. He smiled for the first time that day. "That's what I wanted to hear. You did well, Gleef. You have potential. You may even last the year, if you keep it up."
	Gleef managed a half-smile that showed gaps in his teeth. He didn't want the King to think him ungrateful.
	King Blue stood up to his full height and shouted, "Death! I shall punish this mortal, who dare challenge Blue, with Death!"   



Chapter One
	
	When would the day come. When would he be free of the endless dungeons of boring schoolwork, of mindless repetitiveness. When would he rise above it all to something higher, to truly be free. Would the day ever come.
	
Andrew slogged through the first half of the school day, his mind barely there. At lunch he spotted Katy Giordano and went to sit with her, as they had recently started to hang out together.
	Katy brushed a strand of her dark blond hair out of her eyes. "How's your day so far, Andrew?" 
	"B plus in Literature, A minus in Social Sciences. Not bad."	
	"You got an A minus from the Creep?! That's amazing! He's sooo stingy with his grades. Even Natalie Wesner can't manage an A in his class." She was referring to their grumpy teacher, Mr. Creed. Flip the 'd' around and you got 'Creep.'
	"Well, I had some help from Phoenix with that report," Andrew admitted.
	"Oh, that explains it. How's your painting coming along?"
	"The one of the dolphins and the ocean? I needed to restock on my blue paints twice for that one. I spent an hour last night trying to fix the shade of blue just right."
	"Listen, my older brother Jay was telling me about this secret waterfall that he and his friends discovered in Arbori Park. It's hidden deep in the woods. He told me how to get to it. Do you want to go later and check it out?"
	"I don't know, Kyle has been bugging me for ages to play this new game he got, Call of Warfare Five...."
	"Please, I'm dying to get out after the long winter."
	"Okay. The game will have to wait. I'll tell Kyle that we're on for Wednesday instead. But first I need to pick up a book from the library for my geology report. Lithosphere Basics, by Larry Coopersmith. So we'll meet an hour after school near the library, on Beldon Lane, and go to Arbori from there, okay?"
	"Great. See you then." 
	The bell rang and they went to their afternoon classes. 

	Andrew made it through the rest of the dull school day and biked right afterwards to the nearby public library to get the geology book he needed.
	He enjoyed his life; school, family, judo, friends, painting. But sometimes he got the feeling that he was meant for something more, for something bigger than an ordinary life. That adventure would one day find him, or that he would find adventure. Whichever came first.
	Andrew entered the library and started towards the science section to retrieve the book he needed. But then something unbelievable happened. His feet turned on their own accord and led him towards the fiction section. He felt strangely drawn, as if by an invisible power, to the fantasy books. His hand reached out without him consciously controlling it and pulled a small, thin book with a colorful cover from the shelf. Its title was written in large wavy, silver letters: The Kingdom of the Light, by Lumendo.
	Then the strange force vanished. Andrew could barely remember the last couple of minutes of his life. It was very hazy. What was he was doing in the fiction section, when he had wanted to get a science book? 
	But for some inexplicable reason it felt right to be there.
	He took a closer look at the small book that was now in his hand. Strange. It had no barcode or card, and nothing to indicate that it belonged to the library. Yet here it was, on a shelf in the library.
	'I'll show it to the librarian,' he thought to himself. 'They forgot to put a barcode on this book, whatever it's about. By Lumendo? Funny name.'
	Andrew was finally free to get the geology book he needed. He found it easily and went to the counter to check out.
	He handed Lithosphere Basics and his library card over to the librarian, a large woman with frizzy brown hair and oversized glasses. She scanned them, and gave them back. "Next!" 
	"Hang on a second please. I found a book that's missing its barcode. Here it is." 
	Andrew pulled The Kingdom of the Light out of his pocket to show to the librarian.
	"Next!" called the librarian again. "Excuse me young man, you are holding up the line. Move along!"
	Andrew could only wonder why she would not acknowledge the book that he was trying to show her. It was as if it didn't exist.
	After two more tries the librarian threatened to call security, so Andrew just gave up and walked away, shoving The Kingdom of the Light into his pocket. But first he took a quick look at the first page. "You have been chosen." They were the only words on the entire page. Intriguing. 	
	Andrew had no time to dwell on the strange occurrences that had just happened. Katy would be waiting. He hurried out of the library and started off towards Beldon Lane, four blocks away. He would peruse The Kingdom of the Light when he had the time, and perhaps try to find a clue to its real owner, since it seemed that it did not belong to the library.
	Andrew made it to the meeting spot on Beldon Lane just in time. Katy was already there. "Hi Andrew."
	"Hello Katy. Guess I just made it. Sorry, I was held up in the library." 
	They set off towards Arbori Park, a fifteen minute bike ride away.
	As they rode, Katy described how to get to the falls. "Bikes aren't allowed on the path that goes close to the hidden waterfall, so we will walk for about forty-five minutes. When we see a fallen oak tree, we leave the trail and head through the forest due north for another twenty minutes. I brought a compass to guide us. To get back, we simply reverse those steps."
	"Sounds easy enough," said Andrew. "I could use a hike through the woods after being cooped up for the cold New York winter."
	Andrew told Katy the story of how he came across The Kingdom of the Light. The book with no owner. He omitted the part where his feet moved on their own will, and where the librarian wouldn't acknowledge the book's existence. Katy might be concerned that he was seeing or hearing things. It was all very strange, to say the least.
	They reached the park and locked up their bikes. The walk along the quiet wooded path was pleasant. Andrew found his hand entwined with Katy's. It felt good to be in her company. 
	They reached the fallen oak tree right on schedule, left the path, and set off through the forest due north, towards the hidden waterfall.
	At last they reached the secret falls.
	"Isn't it pretty?" said Katy.
	"Yes, it is beautiful," said Andrew. "And sure worth the long hike."
	It was fairly large, as waterfalls go, fed by a brook that ran through the woods. Andrew estimated it to be more than twenty feet tall, and about seven or eight feet wide. The water roared down the rocky face of the falls.
	Katy stretched out her hand. "Ooh, look. A rainbow!" And then, Andrew's world turned inside out, and upside down. Everything spun around and around, faster and faster, until it was all just one big blur of color, light, and shadow, all blended together with each other.
	


Chapter Two

	The teens rose into the air, until they couldn't feel the ground beneath them. The next second, Andrew landed with a thud on the ground, Katy beside him. The spinning came to a stop. Instead of the roar of falling water, he could only hear the loud buzzing of swarms of insects along with the occasional bird call. Giant trees surrounded him. Where was he?
	Katy scrambled to her feet. "Aaah! What's happening? Did we die? Where are we? Where's the waterfall, and the pine trees, and...."
	The change of scenery would make sense in something like the matrix, where surroundings and scenery can switched by the computers, Andrew thought. But the matrix didn't really exist.... did it? 
	"Could it be that the rainbow teleported us to somewhere?" Andrew asked. "But where? And how?"
	Andrew had no idea of where he was at all. But if this was real, he somehow sensed that he was far, far, away from home. Far away from Pine Valley, New York. Maybe it was the angle of the sun, maybe it was the strange plants that surrounded him. Or perhaps it was something else entirely that he couldn't put his finger on. For all he knew, they could be on another continent entirely, and perhaps not even on Earth at all. 
	Andrew felt the stirrings of fear begin to possess him.... where were they?	He looked around at the forest that had sprouted up around them. It appeared to be similar to a tropical rainforest on Earth, with a heavy canopy of gigantic leaves almost completely blocking the sunlight from hitting the forest floor. The tall trees grew thick for as far as he could see in every direction. 
	"Look at the colorful leaves," Andrew said. Unlike any forest that he had ever seen before, the leaves here grew in every color of the rainbow. But he still wasn't sure if it was real, or just an illusion.
	Katy craned her neck to look up at the trees. "Ooh, the leaves are gorgeous. And look at the monkeys!" 
	Small, black playful creatures flitted through the branches above their heads, along with brightly colored exotic birds. 
	It might be gorgeous. But looks can be dangerous and deceiving..... don't be fooled, Andrew told himself. He sensed danger, lurking just out of sight.
	So much info about the forest they were in was pouring into Andrew's brain through his eyes. He closed them, took a deep breath, and just listened. The picture in his mind changed, as a thousand noises hit his ears. Roars, screeches, singing, hissing. 
	The noises of the rainforest animals blended together in a mixture of sounds that was distinctly the forest's. The animated chatter of monkeys blended with the high pitched singing of birds. The low buzzing of insects merged with the throaty grunt of the gorilla. And the distant roar of the jungle big cat combined with the soft but deadly hissing of snakes. Together, they formed the lively cacophony of sounds that was the rainforest. 
	Andrew tried to listen for something even deeper. At first, all he heard was a random jumble of noises. But then a congruous image formed in his mind, as some order arose from the randomness. It sounded as though the animals were communicating with each other at this giant animal convention that was taking place here in the forest: the monkeys yelled something, the snakes answered. The birds put in their two cents, and the cats demanded to be heard. The gorilla made a speech, and the insects applauded. There was a conversation taking place here, in the language of the wild. If only he knew the translation....
	"This is unbelievable!" said Katy. Andrew snapped out of his reverie. "One second we're walking in familiar Arbori Park, the next we're in this weird rainforest. How did this happen? It's like magic! Is it real? Or is it a simulation of some sort?" 
	"Yeah, unbelievable." But Andrew was getting exited, despite their predicament. This held much promise of and much potential for big, extraordinary things to come. Maybe this was the beginning of his quest for adventure, with incredible things ahead.
	
	Before he could say more, Andrew heard a low humming noise coming from his right pocket, which held The Kingdom of the Light. Did an animal climb into his pocket without him noticing? 
	"What's that noise?" Katy asked.
	Andrew pulled the thin book from his pocket and held it in his hand. "Good question." 
	No, it wasn't any creature that was causing the humming noise. The book itself was glowing softly and was warm in his hand, as if it were alive. 
	He then watched, openmouthed, as the book changed and grew right before his very eyes. 
	What was it changing into? It soon became apparent that the book was transforming into some kind of garment. Andrew stared, stunned, as the arms and then the rest of it stretched and formed out of what moments before was a lifeless, inanimate book. Was this also a part of the weird simulation they were in? 
	"Wow, how did that happen?" Katy asked. "Isn't that a martial arts gi robe?" 
	"Yes, it looks like one. Only with buttons that fasten with loops in place of a belt," said Andrew.
	Katy ran her finger along the robe's cuffs and hems, which were covered with intricate gold designs made of tiny curves and swirls. "Look at those exquisite patterns. Cool."	
	"Nice detail," Andrew agreed. He thought it to be quite a beautiful robe, in a simple and minimalist way.
	Then, as they were admiring the newly formed robe, something long, hard, and thin fell out of it and onto the ground. 
	"Ooh, more surprises," Katy gasped.
	Andrew bent down and cautiously picked the object up. In his hand was a sword in its scabbard. He drew it out. It was fashioned in the style of the deadly Japanese long curved sword, the katana. An archaic language was engraved on its shining blade. Andrew held it aloft. It gleamed brilliantly in the light. So he was given a weapon, and an interesting garment to wear here. 
	"Double cool!" Katy exclaimed.
	Then Andrew tried on the robe. It fit him perfectly. "It's as if it was made for me."
	The material was light and cool, and felt very strong.
"Look at it!" said Katy in a hushed voice. "It's as if it lives." 
	 Andrew stared at the magical gi robe. When he focused his gaze on it for more than a few seconds, he sensed that it shimmered faintly. It was as if it there was a brilliant light contained inside it that yearned to burst free, but was held at bay by the edges of the fabric. It was magical to look at.
	"I see what you mean," Andrew said. "The robe contains the light. Like body and soul. Incredible."
	He held out the sword with both hands. Now he was ready for an adventure. Even though he wasn't experienced with swords, having only studied judo, which didn't employ any weapons, he could tell that this sword's balance was utterly superb. A sword such as this, along with a skilled swordsman, would make a lethal team. But that didn't help calm his fear one bit. Why were they here? In fact, where was here? Was he going to need the sword? What for? And what about Katy? How would she defend herself if it came down to it, with no weapon? Why wasn't she given a weapon as well? Did whoever was pulling the strings in this strange show want her to die?  
	"Katy, who do you think sent these items to us? And why? Where are we? What's happening? This is so insane! We are inexplicably transported to this strange forest, given these strange gifts...."
	"I don't know how or why they got to us, Andrew," Katy said. "But live in the now. And now we have them. That's what's important. The history of how they got to us doesn't matter so much."
	"The past will help us understand the present. If we knew how and why these gifts were sent to us, we would probably know a lot more about our situation and how to deal with it."
	Katy spotted something lying on the floor. "Hey, what's that shiny thing on the ground?" She picked it up. It was a silver paper card, about the size of a business card. "There's no name."
	Andrew took a look. It was blank aside from a picture of a rainbow emerging from a prism. What did it symbolize? "It must have fallen out of the book when it was expanding and we didn't notice." 
	 "So there was a card, a robe, and a sword, all contained in that little book," Katy said. "Maybe they have advanced technology here, wherever here is, and can transform and transport things easily."
	"Maybe." Andrew pocketed the card. "Or maybe this is all an illusion, and we never left the clearing in Arbori Park to begin with. Either way, the card might be some kind of message. Perhaps we'll meet someone who will know what it means."
	"Yeah," said Katy. "If people even exist in this world."
	Andrew breathed in the forest air deeply. It felt good. It smelled like adventure. If this was real, then he was finally on the path. Who knew where it would lead? He may be on the road towards glory, death, tranquility, honor, or something else entirely. The only way to find out what lay at the end of the road would be to live the adventure, and see it through to the end.
	
	The sun hung low over the horizon, creeping its way towards the obscurity of night. Long shadows were cast through the rainforest trees. It would soon be dark.
	"Let's find a clearing and make camp for the night," said Andrew.
	"Okay," said Katy. "Camping out in a rainforest. This should be fun!"
	 The duo hiked through the trees until they found a small clearing. Andrew gathered a few dry braches from the surrounding forest and they started a fire, as the forest was cooling rapidly with the onset of night.
	"Good thing that I was once a boy scout," Andrew remarked.
	They lay near the fire, sleep eluding them. Andrew couldn't stop his many questions of 'where?' 'why?' and 'how?' from running through his head over and over again. The mystery of why they had been transported to this strange, uninhabited forest completely boggled him.
	They were thrown into the thick of the forest, by a mysterious power. How they would react, and how they would surviveor even if they would survive at allremained to be seen. 
	
	The flames of the campfire had died down somewhat when Andrew heard low growling noises. The menacing sounds were emanating from just outside the clearing.
	Katy sat up with a start. "What's that noise?" 
	The teens peered out into the pitch black darkness, in an effort to locate the source of the sound.
	"Do you see those red balls?" Andrew asked.
	"Uh huh," Katy whispered. 
	They could see in the darkness what appeared to be a few small, glowing, red orbs, floating a couple of feet off the ground. 
	"This is strange," Katy said. "What are those things? Floating red marbles? Floating red marbles that make noises and growl?" 
	A few more moments passed before..... "They're eyes," Andrew hissed. "Those little red orbs are eyes! Which belong to some exotic nocturnal creature. And eyes can only mean"
	"head and body attached," Katy finished. 
	Judging from the amount of red orbs, a sizable group of these threatening creatures were prowling just outside the clearing.
	"Andrew, I'm scared," whispered Katy. "What if those animals are hungry? What if we are just another meal, to them?" 
	"Don't worry," he murmured, taking her hand in his. "They're probably just as afraid of us as we are of them. If we don't provoke them, they won't attack." 
	The growling sounds only grew louder, as more animals joined the pack already circling the clearing. Red balls paced around and around the scared teens.
	 Andrew shivered, and squeezed Katy's hand. "Hopefully they aren't aggressive or dangerous. Maybe they are just here because they are attracted to our fire." 
	A few more minutes of growling and snarling passed, and the creatures still hadn't made a move. Andrew felt relieved. It seemed that they wouldn't attack after all. Katy's fear gradually vanished as well, and in its place, she began to feel a little cocky. "What's the matter, ugly eyes? Scared of us? Scared of our fire? Scared that we'll kick your furry butts? C'mon, show us what you've got!"
	Just then, as if it understood her, a large, coal black beast that looked mostly like a wolf, but with some German Shepherd mixed in, came soaring clear over the campfire. It was bigger than a large Great Dane. Perhaps not as tall, but much longer, with many legs, four glowing red eyes, and a tale like a whip. Its long white fangs stood out in sharp contrast to its black face. It had a small splash of white fur on its nose and forehead.
	And the monster; claws, teeth, and all, came flying in straight at Andrew, with what could only be intent to kill. 
 


Chapter Three

	Andrew had only a fraction of a second to react, but didn't have too many options. There was no time to roll out of the way, and even if he did, the beast would only get him seconds later. But his reflexes and judo training kicked in immediately. 
	As the heavy beast landed on him, Andrew rolled backwards onto his back whilst planting his foot on the animal's stomach. He gripped the paw of the beast in one hand, its furry shoulder in the other. Using the heavy animal's own momentum, Andrew rolled backwards and threw it over his head in a sacrifice throw. It weighed hundreds of pounds, but for a judo move such as this, it made no difference. If anything, the animal's great weight worked against it. 
	The beast flew back up into the air and soared headfirst into a tree trunk some six feet away. The sickening "crack!" of skull striking wood was heard, and it dropped unmoving onto the forest floor.    
	Before the teens could celebrate their victory, two more of the menacing, snarling beasts were already coming at them from the woods, bent on avenging their fallen brother. How could they escape them? They could never outrun the beasts, even in daytime, and surely not at night when the animals had the additional advantage of their special nocturnal eyes. There was only one place to go....
	"To the trees!" Katy screamed. 
	She ran to the nearest tree and scrambled up its trunk. But she wasn't fast enough. The beasts were closing in on her, and she was still within their reach. Long fangs glinted in the moonlight. Red eyes locked onto their prey. This was their forest. They were the masters here. 
	Andrew frantically looked for a way to cover Katy's back. He grabbed a half-burnt branch from the fire and thrust the flaming end at the beasts. The animals recoiled from the heat, growling. The flames reflected strangely off their red eyes. He held off the animals with the burning branch while Katy climbed out of their reach. Then he tossed it at the creatures to buy himself a few more seconds of time, and clambered up the tree after her. 
	He had climbed about eight feet up the trunk when... "Andrew look out!!" Katy screamed. One of the long animals leaped and managed to snag the bottom of Andrew's jeans in its jaws.
	 "Nooo!" Andrew yelled. 
	The beast dragged him downwards, closer and closer towards the snarling pack. Andrew slid down the trunk, hands grasping for purchase on the smooth bark in vain. Then he managed to snag a small branch, and tried pulling himself up. The beast pulled harder, and the branch began to bend. Inch by inch, Andrew was pulled downward towards the hungry mouths. He was only seconds away from being wolf chow. He yanked his leg, and the jean cuff tore. The beast spat out the torn cuff in disgust and growled ferociously. 
	Andrew shot up the tree. "Thank God for cheap jeans." 
	The terrified Pine Valley pair raced up the tall tree. Andrew thought that they must have set a world record for fastest tree climb. They couldn't seem to climb fast enough, as panic and fear spurred them ever onward. 
	They continued climbing until they were well out of range of the beasts, not stopping until they were about thirty feet up above the forest floor. They were safe from the snapping jaws and ripping claws of the creatures, for now. The teens made themselves as comfortable as possible in the thick branches, while the angry wolf-dogs pawed at the trunk below. 
	
	"Whoa. That was too close," Katy said.
	"So not only are we lost in the middle of a forest, but we are also among creatures who want to eat us, and are quite capable of doing so," said Andrew. "A far cry from the 'walk in the park' that we originally set out to do. I'm terrified."
	"Me too," said Katy.
	But Andrew's heart beat fast with excitement, despite the danger they were in. 
	"What are those things?" Katy asked. "Did you see the amount of legs they had? And those four glowing red eyes? Those whip-like tails? Those long, long fangs? They're like demons from another world."
	"I don't know what those creatures are," Andrew answered. "But I think the more important question right now is: where in the world are we?"
	"Yeah, where are we?" echoed Katy.
	"I don't know the answer to that question either. I guess that it can be said that we are in "adventure". Which isn't an actual physical place, but rather exists in the mind. But anyway, wherever we are, one thing I do know: Katy, I'm sure glad that you're here with me. And what's more, even though we're lost in the middle of this strange forest, with no obvious goal to be met here, I feel as if this world is where I belong right now. I feel like I have a purpose to see through here. I feel like I belong here. It wasn't mere chance that made me pick up that book in the library. Something big is going down. I have a hunch that great things will happen here, and it's going to involve the two of us."  
	"Hear hear! Well said. And I'm glad that you're here too. But I'm not excited about this at all. I've never been more terrified in my life! I just want to find the way out, and find the way home."
	Andrew looked at her starlit face. As always, when he looked at her, he was amazed by her beauty all over again.             
	Katy adjusted her position on the branch and her fingers brushed his. Suddenly, Andrew found his right hand entwined in her hair, his left hand on her face, and his lips locked with hers, in their first kiss. They kissed deeply, savoring the moment. 
	Finally they drew apart.
	"That was fun, and a bit dangerous," giggled Katy; Andrew had let go of the branch with both his hands to kiss her.
	"A bit dangerous, but very necessary," he replied.
	"And not to mention very enjoyable" Katy added.
	They sat there on the high branch for a while, arms around each other, seemingly oblivious of the ferocious beasts below. Just enjoying each other's presence, lost in the tranquil atmosphere of the forest noises. 
	"The forest is full of paradoxes," Katy observed. "Beautiful, yet dangerous."
	"Terrifying, yet wonderful." 
	"Tranquil, but in turmoil."	 
	"Calm, but in chaos," said Andrew. "On the surface, these elements of the forest are oxymorons. But if you think about it a little deeper, they really aren't contradictory at all. In fact, they complement each other very nicely indeed."
	After some time, Katy yawned. "Where should we sleep now?" 
	"Welcome to the magnificent Brown Tree Hotel," Andrew said in an impression of a posh hotel receptionist. "We have your basic big branch package. Then we have some deluxe rough limb suites, and we even have a few luxurious king sized boughs, all at very attractive prices."
	"So, will four leaves be enough for the king sized bough?" She smiled and brandished a handful of colorful leaves. A caterpillar crawled across one of them. 
	He kept up the act. "Four leaves and a bonus caterpillar! Why that is quite generous madam. If only more of our customers would be so kind, and we might be able to renovate our hotel!" 
	At that they both burst out laughing, unable to keep up the ridiculous act any longer. The pair climbed over to a tremendous branch, and got as comfortable as possible on the broad, rough limb. It was prodigiously thick, nearly as wide as the width of a truck, and there was little danger of rolling off when asleep. They were now about sixty feet from the forest floor.
	"Hopefully by morning the many-legged beasts will be gone," said Andrew. 	
	They settled down to go to sleep. 
	"I'm still scared of those animals, even high in this tree," said Katy. "Their very image permeates my thoughts. All I can think of now is sharp fangs and black whips. Can you please hold my hand?"
	"Sure." Andrew took Katy's hand in his, comforting her. "I guess from here on in it's the law of the jungle for us. Kill, or be killed. But with any luck, by tomorrow we will have found our way back home." 
	He didn't know how wrong he would be. Like Andrew had said, they were there for a purpose. And that purpose would take some time to be realized, if it was to be realized at all. And Andrew didn't want to admit it, but a part of him wanted to continue on. A part of him didn't want to go home so soon, right when they were just starting to explore this extraordinary place.
	"'Night," said Katy, "don't let the tree bugs bite."
	"Good night," said Andrew. "All will be quite all right." 
	And soon she was asleep. But Andrew lay awake for some time, thinking about their predicament. How did they get here? And why? It was obvious to him that somehow The Kingdom of the Light gave the rainbow the power to transport him to another world, kind of like the teleportation devices in those science fiction movies. How exactly it worked he didn't know, but he needed to try and find out. He had to know what sort of powers they were dealing with. 
	But why was Katy transported along with him, wasn't he the sole bearer of the book? Perhaps whoever had transported him here had wanted her to come along too, for some reason. Or perhaps because Andrew had been holding her hand when they had seen the rainbow, she had been transported as well.   
	Rainbows, rainbows. They keep seeing rainbows. First in Arbori Park, then on the mysterious silver card.
	All of this only led to more questions. Yes, the book brought him here, somehow. But who created the book? Who sent it to Earth, and why? For what purpose? What did those portentous words 'you have been chosen' mean? Chosen by whom? Chosen for what? 
	Or was it all just nonsense? Was it just some strange being who had powers of teleportation playing games with them by sending them to this strange, wild place for no purpose at all, other than his own nonsensical whims and quirks? Were they just pawns in some twisted game?
	Why were they brought here, Andrew mused. For good, for evil, or for neither?
	Andrew tried sorting out his priorities here in the rainforest. Whatever the case, he knew that his first priority now was to protect Katy in this dangerous place, until they got out. Besides the fact that they were almost girlfriend-boyfriend, and chivalry demanded it of him, it was also because of him that she was here at all. In a way it could be said that it was his fault. So he resolved to protect her fiercely. Even though she was no pushover, and could normally fend for herself, anyone could use additional protection in the middle of a weird and treacherous rainforest, that was filled with all sorts of creatures that could seriously hurt you, miles away from any kind of civilization. Of course, he would try and watch over Katy to the best of his ability.
	His second priority would be to protect himself, and his third, to find a way back home. Or was it to find out why he was here? What was more important? Get to safety? Or find the answers, and seek out the adventure that lurked around the corner, to find a higher purpose in all this. Which was it? He couldn't decide right then.
	With these muddled thoughts whirling around his head, Andrew closed his eyes to go to sleep high up on the rough branch, wondering what the next day would bring. Wondering where this path would lead him. 




Chapter Four
	
	Andrew and Katy woke a couple of hours after dawn and immediately looked to the ground to check if the beasts were still there. Sure enough, several of the wolf-like creatures were prowling around the tree. Apparently they were bent on making the teens their next meal.
	Katy groaned. "These guys don't give up. We're trapped. Now what?"
	"I could try and fight them off with my sword," Andrew offered. 
	"Don't be silly Andrew. There are far too many of them. They'll kill you."
	"But Katy, why would they be so desperate for food that they would stay here all night waiting for us?" 
	"What do you mean?" 
	"I mean, wouldn't it indicate that these powerful predators don't have a plentiful source of food, even in a place such as this where there is meat aplenty? Which would further indicate"
	"that there are even tougher predators around here, whom they must compete with." 
	"Exactly. There are tougher predators in this forest that we didn't even meet up with yet. So we really need to be on our guard. These vicious creatures aren't even the worst of it."
	"Andrew, suddenly I feel so fragile. I mean, normally, all the animals around me are way smaller than me. They are scared of me. Now that we're surrounded by these large predators, I feel so vulnerable. They can end my life with one swipe."
	"Yeah, I know what you mean. Suddenly we're not on top of the food chain anymore."
	They sat there on the branch for a few minutes, pondering their next move. The air was hot and muggy. Brightly colored leaves waved in the breeze. Orange and gold insects crawled along the bark. White monkeys swung through the trees. The forest was alive. Alive, and dangerous.
	Katy broke the silence. "I'm starving. If the animals don't get us, the hunger surely will. Do you think that whoever sent you The Kingdom of the Light intended for this to happen? That we get stranded here, with danger surrounding us on all sides?"
	"That's a good question," Andrew replied. "I don't even know if the book was meant for me, or if by chance I was the first one there to take it. I guess that we will have to find him, or her, if we want to know for sure. For now, the reason why we were brought here is a total mystery to me. I just hope that some good comes out of this in the end, that we aren't going through it all for nothing. If we want to make it through this alive, we need to believe that it is all for the best, and that there is an important reason for us to be here. Or else, we will first die on the inside to hopelessness, and then, death on the outside will quickly follow. It is important, no, it is crucial, that we stay in good spirits if we want to make it out of here alive and whole."
	Katy gazed into Andrew's hazel eyes with a hard look filled with determination and resolve. "You're right. We're here for a good reason. We are here for a purpose. And we will make it out alive and well, if it is up to us to do so at all." 
	Andrew leaned in for a quick kiss. "That's the spirit." 
	"So, are we going to have to kill monkeys to eat?" 
	"I don't know. At least that would be better than eating bugs." 
	Then Andrew looked around, and noticed that on the very ends of the branches there grew amongst the colorful leaves what appeared to be large, purple fruit, each about the size of a grapefruit. Their surface was smooth, and many-faceted. Hanging from the tree branches they looked like big, purple cut diamonds, only without the sparkle. 
	"Look Katy, fruit!" Andrew pointed out the fruit to her. "We aren't going to starve after all. And the monkeys and bugs will live. The fruit will save us. I'll just climb to the end of the branch and get some."
	"Wait," said Katy. "How do you know that they are safe to eat? Maybe they're poisonous." 
	"You're right. For all we know they could be poisonous. But look. Do you see that animal?" Andrew pointed through the branches and leaves at a small, furry, brown creature some two hundred feet away. It was about the size of a house cat, with six legs, hanging upside down from the end of a branch. Four legs gripped the limb, while the other two fed on the purple fruit.
	"Yes, I see... oh, I get it. He's eating the purple fruit. I guess they are safe, thankfully. Unless he has a different physiology than us. This is a strange place, after all. It's quite possible that his nutrients are our poison."
	"Maybe. But you always have to take a little risk to get anywhere," said Andrew. "I'm going to get them."  
	"Okay Andrew, but please be careful," Katy cautioned. "The branches are very thin at the ends."
	"Thanks. I will."  
	He ventured out onto the rough branch, sixty feet above the hard forest floor. It tapered off, and grew narrower and narrower the farther away from the trunk he went. Insects climbed all over his face. They tickled. 
	When he was about seven feet away from the end, the branch became too narrow for Andrew to crawl on. He would have to swing his way across the branch to the prized fruit, Tarzan style.
	"When in Rome, do as the Romans. And when in the rainforest, do as the monkeys," Andrew muttered. He swung down, grasping the overhead branch with both hands. Hand over hand he swung along the branch monkey style, towards the end, and the prize: the enticing purple fruit. 
	Andrew's heart was now pounding like a tom-tom. He dangled six stories above the ground. He knew that if his grip slipped he'd be eaten alive by the hungry animals below, if he even survived the fall at all. It was very risky. But he had no choice. They needed to eat. They needed energy to hike out of the forest, whilst defending themselves against the wild animals that roamed there. If they wouldn't eat now, they would easily fall prey to the next band of predators that came along. They would not have enough energy to run or to fight. 
	Andrew made his way along the last segment of the branch, dangling high above the solid forest floor. He was very relieved when he finally made it to the end safely.
	"Katy, I've reached the fruit!" he called.	
	"Great. Then you're halfway back to safety already." 
	He was finally at the goal, when Andrew realized that he had no means of carrying the oversized diamonds back to the trunk of the tree, when swinging itself would require both his hands. He tried stuffing them in his jeans pocket, but they wouldn't fit. 
	"Katy, I can't carry them! Get ready to catch!"
	"Okay. Go ahead and start throwing!" Katy called. 
	Using his one free arm, Andrew threw the coveted fruit to Katy. He thought he would surely fall, that his grip would give way and he would plunge to the ground, his wrecked body to be devoured instantly by the starving beasts. But miraculously, his grip held.
	He dangled from the tree branch with one arm as he threw the fruit to Katy. The hungry wolf-dogs sixty feet below eagerly awaited his fall. Their snarls and growls filled his ears. Whatever you do, don't look down, Andrew told himself. He felt like he was bait dangling from the end of a huge line, about to be cast into the water to the hungry fish below. The branch bent under his weight, bringing him even closer to the hungry mouths.  
	It took an almighty effort on Andrew's part just to keep on hanging from the branch with only one arm. Beads of sweat poured down his face. It was getting harder and harder to keep holding on. He could be moments away from death. The animals gathered in a group directly below him, jaws wide open, awaiting his fall that was sure to come. Their long whip-like tails flicked back and forth in excitement. 
	 Andrew found the purple fruit to be surprisingly heavy for their size, and hard, so he tried to lob them to her as gently as possible. Consequently, many of his throws missed, and the heavy fruit went crashing noisily through the branches to splatter on the floor below. Big purple splashes of juice appeared around the tree. 
	This gave Andrew an idea; a way to use the fruit to help them out of their predicament. So he threw to Katy many more than they could eat. His right arm burned and ached, as he struggled to hold on. And who knew if he was even helping them at all? Like Katy had pointed out, it was possible that the fruit were poisonous, and he was only bringing them closer to their death. But he tried to push that thought from his mind to concentrate on the task at hand.
	When he deemed they had enough of the fruit for his plan, Andrew swung back along the branch towards the tree trunk. When he reached the segment of the branch where it was thick enough for walking, Katy grabbed his hand and heaved him up. They made their way carefully back to the trunk, where Katy had formed a large pile of the fruit.
	She hugged Andrew briefly. "I'm so glad you're safe. I hope we don't have to do that again."	
	"Yeah," Andrew rubbed his aching arm. "After that terrifying experience, even the bugs are looking attractive. In fact, I think I ate a few by accident while crawling on the branch."
	"So you have a head start on me for breakfast then. Did they taste good?"
	He smacked his lips. "Mmmm. Nothing like a yummy tree bug for flavor."
	She laughed. "Why do we need so many of the fruit? We can't eat all of this."
	"You'll see why soon. I have an idea that will help us with our little wolf problem. But first, let's eat."
	Katy knocked her fist against the hard fruit. "Hello. How do we open this thing?"
	Andrew examined the smooth fruit. He tried biting into it directly, but only succeeded in hurting his teeth.
	Katy played around with the rigid stem. "Oh." It popped off in her hand, along with most of the fruit's top.
	Inside was a thick, citrusy liquid that tasted like a mix between lemon and grapefruit, with a salty tang to it. They ate their fill of the odd tasting pulp. Besides for quenching their thirst in the hot rainforest, the thick fruit juice was nourishing and filling.  
	Katy patted her stomach. "That was good. Hopefully we won't die in five minutes from poison."
	Andrew chuckled, and hoped he was right about this. 
	"Okay, so what's the big idea?" Katy asked. "Why do we need so many? Are we going to start a fruit store?"	
	"Simple," Andrew replied. "They are hard as rock, big, and heavy. Exactly what we need. We throw them at the beasts until they are scared off."
	"I like it. We fight, instead of run. We use the forest against itself. Let's do it!"
	They walked to the edge of the branch, carrying some of the fruit. 	
"Fire!" called Andrew. They threw at the creatures sixty feet below, periodically walking back to their stash to reload. And it wasn't long before they saw results. Andrew scored a direct hit on one of the beast's snouts, as Katy hit one in the hind leg. The injured animals yelped and growled. And soon the teens scored more and more hits. Katy cheered whenever they managed to injure one of the beasts that had wanted to eat them. 	
	After several more strikes, the predators looked at their bloodied and limping comrades, and ran off in search of easier prey. 
	Katy cheered. "We did it! We actually did it! We scared off a pack of monsters. And we freed ourselves from this prison of a tree!"
	"All right!" Andrew pumped his fist. "Now we can finally start to get out of here."
	In defeating the monsters, aside from freeing himself of the tree, Andrew gained confidence, which would help him greatly on his search to find a way out of the forest and to wherever it was he needed to go.
	
	The duo climbed back down the tree that had served as refuge for the night.	
	Midway down, Andrew inadvertently stepped on a branch that couldn't hold his weight. It snapped with a loud crack that echoed through the forest. The sound had barely died away, when he heard a loud, piercing screech that sounded like "ka-keeeer!" coming from the top of the tree. 
	Katy was startled. "What's that noise?" 
	Moments later a scarlet bird came swooping towards them from the treetop. The avian soared in towards the teens, mouth wide open.
	Katy covered her face. "It's going to bite us!" 
	But the teens were not its target. The creature soared to the branch that Andrew broke and circled it, apparently surveying the damage. Satisfied that it was not completely severed from the tree and would continue to grow, the avian shot Andrew an angry glare and with another piercing cry of "ka-keeeeer!" flew back up to its treetop nest.
	Katy's face was still covered. "What happened? Did it bite you? Is it gone?"
	Andrew patted her back. "It's okay. It wasn't after us after all. It just took a look at the branch that I broke and left." 
	Katy uncovered her face. "What did it look like?"
	"At first I thought it was a bird. But on closer inspection it looked more like a bat. It had red leathery wings that stretched out from its small fur covered body, in what looked like a three foot wingspan."
	"What about its face and head?"
	"That was its most striking feature. Its head was shaped like no head on Earth. It was a circular cylinder a few inches thick, its facial features arranged on one side, its neck connected to the other. In the center of its face was a large circular mouth, inhabited by row upon row of sharp black teeth. Its eyes were set in small bulges protruding from the side of its face. It was beautiful and ferocious all at once."
	"This is great," Katy grumbled. "More freaky animals. First the wolves from Radiation City. Now the red bats from hell."
	Andrew laughed. "'From Radiation City.' It seemed that the red bat thingy was guarding the tree from harm. I wonder if all the trees in this forest have them." 
	"Oh, even better," said Katy. "Freaky animals with a mission."
	Now that he was aware of the creatures, Andrew could make out glimpses and flashes of scarlet here and there on the very tops of many of the surrounding trees. They probably inhabited most of the trees in this forest.
	"Hey Katy, maybe we can take some scarlet-bat babies and bring them back to Earth with us to guard our trees. That would go a long way towards saving the rainforests."
	"Yeah right. Steal from those things? You described their rows of sharp teeth, right? They'd probably chew your hand off."
	"Once we're here, we should take from it what good we can."
	"I don't care about gaining anything here, Andrew. All I care about now is going home and getting out of this horrible place!"
	They reached the ground.
	"Okay Katy, I understand how you're feeling. Just please don't panic. Stay calm, and we'll make it out safe and sound."
	Katy turned towards Andrew, her lip trembling. "Do you promise?"
	"Yes, I promise."
	Andrew put his arms around her and hugged her tightly. 
	"We're here for a reason. We're here for a purpose," he whispered. "We can't forget that."
	"I wish I could believe it," said Katy. "We don't know why we're here. Maybe it's for no reason at all. Maybe you picked up that horrible book by accident. Maybe it wasn't meant for you."
	She was right, in a way. He had no proof of what he was saying. But he didn't need proof. It was something he felt deep in his heart, and deep in his soul.
	"Just trust me, Katy. Please trust me. It's the only way we'll survive."
	Katy hugged him tighter. "Okay." 
	They were now standing in the heart of the rainforest, amongst huge trees with giant colorful leaves, surrounded by the beautiful, diverse and dangerous forest wildlife. 
	Katy assessed their situation. "All right, so we're stuck in the middle of this rainforest. We are miles, maybe even light-years away from home. We have no GPS device to guide us, nor even a map. And, we have no idea how far we are from any kind of human civilization. We don't even know the direction of the closest settlement, let alone its location."
	"True," said Andrew. 
	"In short, we are completely and utterly lost. We are as lost as an Eskimo in the middle of the Sahara desert, as a fish on dry land, as a Martian on Earth. So what do we do?" 
	Andrew looked into Katy's green eyes. She was afraid, no doubt about it. And so was he. But he couldn't show it. "You're right. We are lost, and we have no way of knowing which way lies civilization, at least until we find a path, if they even have such things in this world. So our best prospect now is to head in one direction, and stick to it. That way, at least we know that we aren't going in circles, and we just might have a chance of getting out of here."
	"Yeah, I guess that makes sense," Katy conceded. "It's our best chance."
	"So pick a direction." 
	"West."	
	"West it is."
    




Chapter Five

	The teens hiked west through the perilous rainforest the entire day, stopping occasionally to eat more purple fruit and to rest. They encountered many exotic and beautiful plants, birds and animals. Luckily, they didn't meet up with any more wild predators. The weather was pleasant, but they walked in fear, not knowing who or what they would meet up with.
	Why did you have to pick up that stupid book? Katy asked angrily. Why do I need to be risking my life here for nothing?
	Im sorry, Andrew replied. I was drawn to it. I dont know how to explain it. I just felt an unstoppable urge to pick it up.
	So it was like a magical force, compelling you to take it?
	Yes. Exactly.
	Yeah right. Magic is a myth. Theres no such thing.
	And how do you explain the book turning into a robe and sword?
	Like I said, it must be advanced technology. Maybe nanotechnology. You know, matter rearranging itself into different forms at the atomic level. But you picking up the book, compelled by magic? Baloney.
	And what about the fact that we  were transported here, miles away from where we started? Also technology?
	I dont know. All I know is that I am in a scary forest with no way out, and its your fault Andrew.
	I wish it would never have happened. There was nothing I could do.
	That night, the young travelers found another thick-limbed tree to sleep in, high up and out of the reach of most predators. They gathered a few giant, soft, colorful leaves to use as makeshift bedding on the hard bark and went to sleep.
	Katy woke in middle of the night to the sounds of snarling animals emanating from the ground below them. She peered through the leaves and branches, and could make out a fight between two groups of animals; a large band of gorillas, and what appeared to be several giant eagles. The monstrous heads of the eagles were much larger than the heads of the fully grown gorillas. Though it was difficult for her to see anything clearly on the rainforest floor at night. The dense leaf canopy blocked out the moonlight almost completely. 
	Katy watched the fight, entranced. The gorillas struggled, but the eagles were very powerful, and ripped them apart limb for limb. They killed every one of the gorillas, ate their fill of the tough, stringy meat, and moved off. For some reason they only moved along the ground, and did not appear to fly. Fortunately, the ferocious animals didn't notice Katy and Andrew, who were hidden behind the branches and leaves of the tree they were in. 
	When the giant eagles were gone and fully out of earshot, Katy woke Andrew and told him of the gruesome scene she had just witnessed. They considered themselves lucky that they had made the choice to sleep high up in the tree that night. They could only imagine the terrifying possibility of what could have happened had they slept on the ground. Their soft, sweet human meat would be a nice meal for the giant eagles. If the mighty gorillas lost to the eagles, surely the much weaker humans would.  	
	"Ironically, it was the wolves of last night who saved us tonight," said Andrew.
	"How do you mean?" Katy asked.
	"If not for them, we would've slept on the ground tonight, easy prey for those vicious eagles." 
	They went back to sleep, images of bizarre monsters; scarlet eagles, flying wolves, and gorillas with glowing eyes, inhabiting their dreams. 
	
	The hikers awoke soon after dawn, eager to begin the new day and make more headway in their search for civilization. They needed to leave the threatening forest that held them in dread as soon as possible. They would search for any civilization, primitive jungle tribe or sophisticated society. Any human contact would do for now. They ate a breakfast of purple diamond fruit once again, and resumed their desperate hike west.
	"I always wanted to go on a safari in somewhere like Brazil," said Katy. "But I thought that it would be in a jeep, and on a trail, accompanied by a fully armed and equipped guide. This is intense! A terrifying creature could be hiding behind the next tree trunk."
	"Yes," said Andrew. "Even with a jeep, on a trail, and armed with guns is an intense enough safari for me. The only thing more intense and risky than what we are doing now would have to be something like bungee jumping off a tall building! We're easy prey for any wild predator out here. Let's pray we don't meet up with one."
	"I just wish that we knew why we were brought here," said Katy.
	"Yeah, me too," Andrew agreed. "It must've been an evil sorcerer, luring innocent people to a wild place like this. Hey Katy, maybe that's why we're here. To stop him. To hunt him down and put an end to this."
	"I don't know Andrew. I don't think we're here for any reason at all. I just want to go home."
	
	They continued hiking. Before long they encountered a deep, narrow ravine, about two hundred feet deep and twenty feet across. It cut deeply across the rainforest floor, like a huge gash in nature. 	
	The ravine ran in a north-south direction. Andrew walked to the edge, and looked down. Its walls were as steep as sheer cliffs. There was no visible way in or out, save a direct jump down to the bottom, two hundred feet below.
	Katy turned towards Andrew. "So we walk north or south along the edge until the end of this ravine, and then continue on west, right?" 
	"Hang on. I may have an idea of how to get across, but it would probably be a bit dangerous. Give me a moment to work it out, okay?" Andrew requested.
	"Danger's my middle name," said Katy brightly.
	Andrew studied the branches that hung out over the ravine, calculating angles and trajectories in his head. When he pinpointed a branch that was suitable for his idea, he walked back, away from the ravine and into the forest, in search of a long, thick vine. It needed to be longer than thirty-five feet, and thick enough to hold their weight for the plan to work. 
	When he found a vine that met the right measurements, he cut it with his sword and dragged it back towards the edge of the ravine. He tied the vine around his arm and climbed up the target tree. Then Andrew went out on the limb he had chosen, untied the vine from his arm, and tied it to the branch with a strong sailor's knot.
	Andrew climbed down.
	"Okay Katy, if we stand on that branch," Andrew indicated a branch that was farther into the forest than the one the vine was tied to, "we can swing clear across the ravine, using this branch as a pivot, and hopefully land on those bushes over there on the western side, which will cushion our fall. Whichever of us goes first will tie a rock to the vine, and toss it back over."
	"It sounds like fun, but is it really necessary?" Katy asked. "It's risky. We could easily miss the bushes, and the vine or branch could break. Instead, we could simply walk along the edge of this ravine until it ends. For all we know, civilization may be that way anyway."
	"You're right. It is an unnecessary risk. We should walk to the end of the ravine instead. It's much safer."
	At that moment the teens heard a fearsome roar coming from close by. They turned. Not one hundred yards away, three ferocious, blue beasts charged through the trees straight at them.
	"Oh no, more monsters," Katy moaned.
	Andrew drew his sword and turned to face the beasts, only to re-sheath it a moment later. He would never stand against three of the terrifying creatures.
	Quickly, the pair started climbing up the nearest tree, which also happened to be the very tree that Andrew had proposed they take off from. Andrew carried the thick vine with him. 'Here we go again', he thought, 'chased up a tree like a kitten.' None of the trees in the area grew the hard purple fruit that they had used to defeat the red-eyed beasts earlier. They would need another solution now. 
	Andrew and Katy stopped climbing about midway up. Andrew gazed down at their pursuers, who were now circling around the tree. The creatures were terrifying and beautiful at the same time, with the body of a jaguar, and the head of an eagle, like something straight out of Mayan mythology. They were mostly a pretty tiffany blue in color, spotted with darker blue in the same pattern as jaguar fur, only with a different color scheme. They had small wings on their backs which apparently they could not use for flying, like the wings of chickens and penguins. The creatures roared, and they were so loud that Andrew could practically feel it ruffle his hair.
	"Maybe if we just wait, they'll go away," said Katy optimistically. 
	That's when the eaguars started to climb, leaping gracefully from branch to branch with the agility of the cats which they partly were.
	"AAAAH!" Katy shrieked, the images of mangled, half eaten gorillas fresh in her memory. She screamed hysterically, "let'sgolet'sgolet'sgo!" 
	Andrew took Katy's hand and rushed to climb towards the take off branch. If they could make it in time, they could use it to get to safety. 
	The deafening roars of the eaguars grew dreadfully close. The animals had already covered more than half the distance between the ground and the teens. They wanted their food. And it was an easy catch.
 	Andrew tried climbing faster, but he had to wait for Katy, who was literally shaking and having trouble to focus sufficiently to continue climbing to the take-off branch. 
	At last they reached the take-off branch. Andrew quickly tied the vine around himself and a trembling Katy. The closest eaguar was only ten feet below them, leaping from branch to branch with grace. Andrew struggled with the knots, the thick vine hard to tie. "On the count of three, we jump, okay?"	
	Katy didn't respond. It was as if she hadn't heard him. But he was right next to her. Andrew was getting worried about her.
	"Katy, I said, on the count of three, jump! okay?!" Andrew shouted. 
	This time he got through. Katy nodded her head vigorously.    
	"One, two, thraaargh!" Andrew cried out in agony as the lead eaguar sank its beak into his arm. Ignoring the pain, he jumped. They soared out over the deep ravine, hanging from the vine, which was itself attached to a branch, with the eaguar dangling by its beak from Andrew's arm, like some bizarre train. 
	When they were passing over the midpoint of the two hundred foot deep valley, the strength of the eaguars jaw gave way, and the animal plunged to its bloody death far below, too-small wings beating in futility. Andrew continued to ignore the horrible pain in his arm as they flew out over the other side of the ravine. 
	Then he realized that there was no pain. He wondered if that meant that his arm was bitten off entirely. He didn't dare look at what was surely a bloody mess of a limb. 
	A fraction of a second later, and the teens were only a couple of feet from the soft bushes on the western side. Andrew drew his sword and slashed the overhead vine, cutting them loose. They rocketed into the soft shrubbery.  
	The teens lay there in the bushes for a few moments, stunned by all that had just happened. Then Andrew extricated himself from the undergrowth. He realized that somehow his arm was intact, even after the horrible eaguar bite. But right now there were more important things to tend to. 
	Katy was not coming out from the bushes. She just sat there, trembling and shaking from their near horrible death experience. Otherwise, she wasn't moving, wasn't trying to get out of the undergrowth. She was still. Lifeless. It seemed that she was in state of severe shock. Andrew gently lifted her up and out of the bushes, and sat her down on the ground with her back to the terrifying eaguars on the other side, who were already running back into the forest, probably to find some gorillas to eat. 
	Andrew didn't know what to say to soothe Katy. It truly was a horrifying experience, and particularly for her, as she had saw with her own eyes what the eaguars were capable of. So he just sat next to her, arm around her shoulder, gently stroking her dark blond hair. Katy just stared blankly ahead, her green eyes wide open in shock. 
	Andrew felt a surge of anger towards whoever had caused this, whoever had brought them here into this horrible nightmare. Being alone in a strange place was bad enough. Being alone in a strange place where there were many, many creatures that could kill you was infinitely worse. Whoever had caused all this would have much explaining to do when it was over, to say the least. It was possible that they wanted the teens dead, for some reason. It certainly seemed that way.
	After several minutes, Katy began to cry softly. Andrew took this as a good sign, a sign that she had started to connect more with the reality of their situation. Instead of zoning out, and disconnecting, she was zoning back in, and responding emotionally to what had happened. Which indicated that she was no longer in shock. It was only temporary, and not permanent, thank goodness. 	
	He let her cry for a while, to let her sadness flow out through her tears.
	"You were very brave," he told her. "You climbed the tree, and you agreed to do my wild stunt when it became necessary. I'm proud of you."
	Katy smiled through her tears, for the first time since they saw the eaguars. She continued to cry for several more minutes though.
	At last, she regained her composure. "Whew. We made it through. That was without a doubt more thrilling than any roller coaster ride I've ever been on! I'm sure glad that those creatures can't fly with those little wings of theirs!"
	Andrew could tell that Katy was trying to put on a brave front, after she had broken down like that. He wanted to tell her that it was nothing to be ashamed of, that anyone would have acted the same way had they been in her situation. The only reason why Andrew wasn't affected like she was, was because he hadn't seen the eaguars tear apart the gorillas with ease with his own eyes. But telling her that would be tantamount to calling her a liar. So he let it slide.
	Andrew wasn't sure if Katy had the strength to continue on. She was surely demoralized after all that had happened. 
	
	Then a whimpering sound was heard, coming from a nearby tree, close to the edge of the ravine. Katy went over to investigate. "Andrew, it's a puppy! The poor thing got stuck under a root. It's funny looking, in a cute way." 
	She freed the puppy from its imprisonment, and brought it to the shrubbery where they had been sitting. It was an adorable little thing, its long shaggy fur colored in beautiful shades of light green, blue, and lavender. It had big, floppy ears, and a small, cute nose. It looked like one of those stuffed animals that one can win at a carnival game or claw machine, come to life. The puppies' large violet eyes gazed up at Katy, full of love and trust.
	As she held the puppy and pet it, something unusual happened. Katy felt her fear of the forest and its wild inhabitants ebb away, and the strength and courage to go on flow into her. The puppy gave her hope, and strength, as if the power of the great, shining sun was contained within its tiny body, parting the storm clouds of Katy's trepidation. "I think I'm going to keep her. I'll name her Bella."
	"Now you have a souvenir to take back home with you," said Andrew. 
	"Yeah, to take back home," repeated Katy. She thought wistfully of home, living in her comfortable house, and sleeping in her cozy room, instead of the rough trees they were now forced to sleep in. She thought of eating normal food, instead of the pulpy, tangy fruit juice that they now had for meals three times a day.
	"Do you think you're ready to continue?" Andrew asked.	
	Katy snapped out of her reverie. "Not five minutes ago I had absolutely no will to go back into the forest, after what just happened. But now, somehow I regained my resolve to resume our quest to find a way out of these immense woods. I don't know what changed, or why it did. Somehow, I think that this little puppy has caused a wonderful change in me. Like some kind of magic. I'm more than ready to resume our journey now." 
	"That's great," said Andrew. "It was good luck that we found that puppy, then. Also, another strange thing happened to me, a few minutes ago. When we jumped from the tree, one of the eaguars bit down directly on my arm. You said that you saw the mighty eaguars rip apart fully grown gorillas with their powerful beaks. I thought that my weak human arm was a goner for sure. But nothing happened to it. Look, not even a scratch." 
	He pulled back his sleeve for her to see his unscathed arm.
	"Maybe these animals can't hurt us, because we're not from their world," Katy said excitedly. "This whole time we've been so worried about them. But it could very well be that they couldn't even do anything to hurt us all along, since we're from another world!"
	"That could be it. But I wouldn't risk letting our guard down around these vicious creatures. There may be another explanation." 



Chapter Six

	The teens continued west through the forest, on their desperate hunt for any sign of humanity. Their hike took them through the huge rainforest trees. Andrew saw flocks of green and peach colored birds, and groups of black and silver monkeys. The forest noises enveloped him. 
	"We better get out of here soon," said Katy. "This place is terrifying."
	Andrew took her hand. "Let's hope so. But first, we need to take out the one who brought us here. It's the reason we're here."
	"I don't know about that," said Katy. "It may have been by chance that you picked up the book. I just want to go home."
	A few hours later they reached a narrow river which meandered its way through the rainforest. Andrew estimated it to be about twelve feet wide. On the other side was what was unmistakably a dirt road, which ran along the riverbank for a bit before turning back into the forest.
	"If we follow the road, it will surely lead us to a town or village. Then we can find out where we are and how to get back home! All we need to do is swim across," said Andrew.
	Katy started towards the riverbank, Bella perched on her shoulder. "Okay, great, let's go."  
	But it seemed that once again, nothing would come easy for the young travelers in the forest. 
	"Wait, look at that monkey..... Oh!" exclaimed Andrew.
	"Oh my gosh, the poor monkey! Eaten alive. Horrible."
	Vines stretched from one side of the river to the other, suspended about three feet above the water. Every so often, a small brown and gold monkey would attempt to swing across the vines to the other side. When the monkey would reach the middle of the river, a large black fish with purple fins and eyes would leap out of the water and take a big chomp out of the monkey's flesh with its long, sharp teeth and powerful jaws. The injured monkey would subsequently fall into the water, where it would be devoured by a school of the black-and-purple mammal-eating fish.
	"Hmm..." said Andrew. "Carnivorous jumping fish. I guess swimming is out of the question, if we don't want to be eaten alive like the monkeys. So now what do we do? We have to make it to that road as soon as we can. It will lead us out. The longer we stay here, the higher our chances of getting attacked."
	"Aww," Katy sighed. "And I was looking forward to a nice swim in this heat. Maybe we can cross the stream at night, when the hungry fish are sleeping."
	They sat by the riverbank for several minutes, trying to think of a solution, when a man materialized out of the forest behind them. He was tall and slightly bent over, with brown hair and grey eyes. He was clad all in green, old fashioned clothing. The sort of clothing that one might see at a medieval museum. He carried a felling axe on his shoulder, and a small pack at his side. He was the first person the teens had seen in days. 
	Andrew and Katy ran over to him. "Where are we?" 
	"How do we get back home?" 
	"What country is this?" 
	"How did a book turn into a robe?" 
	"Are we on Earth?"
	"Why do the wolves have ten legs? Was there ever a nuclear explosion near here?" 
	The tall man just pointed to himself in response, and tried to speak. His face screwed in concentration. "Dh-di-de- Delvish." 
	It took him about thirty seconds just to say that one word. He obviously suffered from a severe stutter.
	He pointed at the road. "Rih-ra-road." 
	"I think he means that we should go to the road where we will meet somebody more articulate, and ask that person our questions." said Andrew. 
	"But how will we cross the river?" asked Katy. "It's infested with hungry fish that will eat us."
	Delvish pointed at a tree close to the riverbank. "T-Tree, b-b-bridge." 
	Andrew understood. They would chop down the tree and it would fall across the river, creating a bridge over the infested waters. "But what about the flying tree-guardians? Won't they attack us if we cut down a tree?"
	Delvish nodded. He pulled an unlit torch from his sack, and handed it to Katy. "F-f-fire," Then he pointed to Andrew, and indicated his back. "B-Back." 
	"Katy, I think what Delvish is trying to say is this: He will start to chop the tree, at which point the tree-guardians will attack him. I will cover him on one side with the sword, and you on the other with the torch. Then, when the tree falls, you will hand him back the torch. It will be mainly him that the guardians will want to attack, since he actually chopped down the tree. I will stand back to back with Delvish, covering him from behind with my sword, and together, we will try and fend off the tree-guardians."
	Delvish nodded his head; that was indeed what he had meant.
	"Sounds like a plan." Katy took the torch from Delvish, who promptly lit it.
	
	They walked over to the tree that was close to the bank. Delvish readied his ax, and struck. At the first thud of the ax, there was a loud "ka-keeeeer!" from the top of the tree, and the odd looking scarlet, tree-guardian avians swooped down from their nest. Their tree is under attack! The creatures mostly glided, circling the tall tree in a downward spiral, without flapping their wings much. Five or six of the avians swooped in at the attackers, circular mouths wide open, exposing row after row of sharp, black teeth. Their wings outstretched, their small bodies tensed. Their black eyes full of anger and indignation. 
	They soared in straight at Katy and Andrew. Andrew flinched, but stood strong. Katy though, faltered, and screamed. She seemed ready to run from the red bat-like avians. 
	"Hold steady!" Andrew roared. "They'll want to avoid the fire."
	"You're right. They just remind me of bats. Sorry." Katy resumed her position. Together, the teens warded off the creatures. The avians swooped in close, but veered out of the way of the weapons at the last second.
	After several more minutes of chopping, the tree fell with a great crash. Its top landed on target on the opposite bank. It bounced, then rolled a couple of feet before coming to a rest. A giant chorus of 'ka-keeeer's!' was heard. The guardians' dismay. The dead tree created a bridge several feet wide over the piranha-like-fish infested waters to the other side of the river, and the road.
	"Okay Katy, hand the torch to Delvish now. He's the target," said Andrew.
	"Sure thing." Katy handed the torch over, and moved to the side, out of harm's way. She wasn't in danger of a guardian bite like Delvish was. Unlike the wolf monsters and the eaguars, these creatures only attacked for specific reasons, not out of hunger. Reasons such as tree killings. They were probably plant eaters by nature, Andrew thought. But when they attacked, attack they did. And with a fearsome determination. 
	Andrew and Delvish stood firm, back to back, defending themselves against the fierce assault of the guardians. Andrew detected a shift in their strategy. Before the tree fell, the guardians had only circled the teens, being careful to stay out of range of the weapons. But that all changed with the tree's death. Apparently, now that the tree had been killed, its zealous guardians were ready to lay down their lives to fight its killers, to avenge its blood, or rather, sap. Or perhaps they were willing die to prevent them from killing more trees. Whatever the reason, the guardians no longer cared for the weapons that Andrew and Delvish wielded, and attacked regardless. 
	The first attacker came swooping in at Andrew at high speed, screaming, with its main weapon, its mouth, wide open for the assault. Andrew slashed quickly, severing the avian's left wing. With a weak 'keer' it spiraled to the ground, where it flopped around on remaining wing. Green blood seeped from the disabled avian's wound.	
	But more came, thick and fast. There were six guardians nesting in the tree that they had cut down, and now many more from the surrounding trees emerged to swarm the tree cutters.
	The red guardians worked as a team, with one or two assaulting Andrew from one side, distracting him, while three more snuck up on him from the other. But Andrew found that he was a natural with the katana. He slashed and hacked at the birds with lightning speed, the blade no more than a blur. Some he sliced in half, others he chopped off their cylindrical heads, and still others their wings, depending on the angle of attack. 
	The creatures were relentless, and kept coming, mouths wide open towards their targets. It took Andrew's every ounce of concentration and focus to time his hits right so that none of the vicious creatures got through his defenses. Those sharp teeth would rip his flesh apart with ease.   
	Andrew felt a twinge of sadness for killing these beautiful creatures, who were only doing their job to protect the wonderful forest. But he had no choice. If the teens didn't make it to civilization soon, it was likely that they would be killed by one of the many fearsome beasts that roamed the rainforest. They had already had some close shaves. They might not be so lucky next time. They had to make it to the road as quick as possible. So he fought on.
	Delvish wielded the torch like a pro. He swung it in long, wide arcs, usually catching two or three of the guardians in its path. The avians appeared to be highly flammable, and caught fire at the slightest touch of the flame. They obviously had an interesting physiology, and Delvish had evidently known about it beforehand, or he would never have suggested the plan. But there was no time to dwell on it now.
	Andrew and Delvish stood their ground, backs pressed against each other, steadfastly, and fought feverishly for about forty-five minutes. It was quite a sight. Andrew battled with the shining sword, Delvish with the flaming torch. The fierce guardians swarmed them, and soared around them, like so many giant, scarlet bees whose hive has been kicked. 
	Andrew fought magnificently, swiping and slashing with a vengeance. He cut so fast that there was a constant whistling sound in the air as the blade cut through it. Scarlet guardian after scarlet guardian was cut out of the sky. 
	At last, with one final slash, the last of the avians fell out of the air. Andrew looked around at the holocaust he had just caused. The ground next to the riverbank was littered with the carcasses of eighty or more of the beautiful guardians. Green blood oozed from their gaping wounds and into the ground.
	
	Andrew dropped his sword and slumped to the floor, utterly exhausted.
	Katy rushed over. "Andrew, are you okay? Oh, look at your hand! You've been bitten!" 
	With an almighty effort, Andrew lifted his hand to his eyes. He could barely focus. He was bitten in three places. The punctures were tiny, but the wounds were a ghastly yellow-green, and his hand was swelling rapidly.
	"How does it feel?" 
	"Tired," croaked Andrew. 
	The only thing in the world that Andrew wanted right then was to sleep. He closed his eyes, and got ready to drift off into a peaceful slumber
	But then Andrew was being shaken awake. Annoyed, he opened his eyes to see Delvish standing over him, shaking him, and preventing him from getting the sleep he so desired.
	"Nuh-no, s-s-sleep!" shouted Delvish, shaking his head. "Puh-pe-poison,"
	It was the longest sentence Delvish had uttered since they met him, and must have taken a huge effort on his part. 
	But the words barely even registered in the thick haze that had taken hold of Andrew's brain. It was like he was underwater, and Delvish was out of it, trying to talk to him.
	'Why?' was all Andrew could think. 'Why not just drift off to sleep? It would be so easy, and so pleasant'  
	Delvish, who was experienced in dealing with the red guardians, knew that there was no time to waste. In fact, it may already be too late. If Andrew fell asleep now, the poison would set in, and he would never wake up again. 
	Delvish pulled a small, purple bottle out of his sack and opened it. It was filled with a thick, grey liquid. Then he broke a twig off from the tree they had cut down.
	He quickly stirred the contents of the bottle with the twig seven times to the left, then seven times to the right. He muttered an incantation and poured the contents of the bottle, which by now had turned a deep forest green, onto Andrew's wounds.
	Nothing happened. A minute passed, then two, and still there was no sign of life from Andrew. It seemed that after all they had been through together, Katy would continue the journey alone. Andrew was a casualty to the forest. 
	But Katy wouldn't accept it. She willed Andrew to live, to breathe again. 	
	Then Andrew's eyes fluttered open.
	"You're alive!" cried Katy. She hugged him tightly. "I knew you would pull through."
	Andrew felt a cooling sensation on his hand, as Delvish's balm took hold. The swelling stopped, and began to recede. His head cleared. The bleeding ceased, and the wounds gradually closed.
	"Thanks, Delvish," was all he could manage.
	"Yes, thanks so very much!" said Katy, and she hugged him.
	Delvish smiled, a beautiful, radiant smile that said more than any words ever could. And then with a bow and a wave, he passed over the fallen tree to the other side of the river, into the forest beyond.
	'There goes a good friend,' thought Andrew. 
	He tried to get up.
	"No, no, you rest," said Katy firmly. "You fought like a warrior back there. Now you need rest." 
	"Okay, but only for a couple of minutes." Andrew closed his eyes and dozed off instantly. 



Chapter Seven

	When Andrew woke an hour later it was nearly dark. His strength was restored. "Quick, let's cross the river and find a tree near the path to sleep in. If someone comes down the path tonight, perhaps we will hear them."
	"Okay, got it."
	The pair hurried across the fallen tree. Andrew was nervous that it might shift under their weight and topple them over into the infested river, but it held firm in spite his fears, and they crossed safely. They quickly found a suitable tree to sleep in, and gathered some soft leaves to make a bed for themselves in its boughs.
	But no one came down the road that night, nor all the next day. They hiked along the twisty dirt road. It was a nice walk, though they probably would have enjoyed it more had they not been hopelessly lost.
	The next night was a repeat of the night before; the teens slept in a tree close to the path, but no one passed by. A miserable thought crept its way into Andrew's mind. Perhaps they would never find a way out, and they would be forced to live the rest of their lives alone in the rainforest. If they would even survive for that long.
	
	It was midmorning the next day, and they had been lost in the forest for more than three days, when Andrew suddenly stopped walking. 
	"What is it?" Katy asked.
	"Shh, I think I heard a horse whinny." 
	They listened for a bit, but heard nothing more. They looked down the path, and saw nothing. Then 	
	Katy pointed down the path, the way they had come. "Look!" Andrew turned and saw a small cloud of dust in the distance, which grew larger and larger every second. Soon he could make out a wagon, pulled by some sort of green creature. When it got even closer he saw that hitched to it were four green animals that looked like horses, but much smaller, and even somewhat smaller than ponies. The teens jumped up and down, waving and yelling for the driver to stop.
	The driver saw the young hikers and pulled on the reins, slowing the wagon to a halt. In front sat two short, fat, dumpy men. They both sported big, bushy, brown beards, softly sprinkled with grey. They wore old fashioned brown trousers, and rough looking green shirts. In fact, they looked identical in every way, except that one of them had a green right eye and brown left eye, while the other had a green left eye and brown right eye. 
	The mismatched eyes created an interesting effect. When Andrew peered deep into them, it seemed that there was a brightness there, but it was hidden, and clouded over. Both men had multiple bruises on their faces and arms. 
	"Greetings, travelers," called the one with the green right eye. "I am Marius, and this is my brother Meegle. We are citizens of Green's Realm."
	"Greetings," said Andrew. "Andrew, and Katy. Thank you for stopping. We are very lost."
	"Whence do you come?" asked Meegle.
	"Where is your destination?" Marius asked.
	"And how did you come to be lost in the Great Rainforest of the Realm of Green?" 
	Katy answered. "We come from a town called Pine Valley, New York, on Earth. And we are trying to get back home."
	"By Earth, do you mean the Mortal Realm?" asked Meegle.
	"Umm..." said Andrew, "Perhaps. I mean, we're mortal, I think. So I guess one might call our world the 'Mortal Realm'." 
	The men didn't even know for certain what Earth was. Interesting.
	"Of course he meant the Mortal Realm!" Marius shouted at Meegle. "What are you stupid?! All mortals call it Earth! Every little-school child knows that!"
	Meegle glared at Marius. "I know! I just wanted to double check. Everyone also knows that mortals from the Mortal Realm are rare in the Realms!"
	It seemed that they might come to blows, when suddenly, as quick as their fight had begun, it ended. Andrew had a suspicious feeling that he knew where all those bruises came from. 
	"The Mortal Realm?!" exclaimed Katy. "Do you mean to say, that there is an Immortal Realm?"
	"Certainly. And you're right in it!" The brothers guffawed at the Earth travelers' ignorance.
	"Sorry. But it's not every day that you meet a mortal who is clueless about the Realms. You have much to learn," said Meegle.
	"To be honest, I don't know if we can help you get back home," said Marius.	
	"Why don't you tell us more about how you landed up here, while we ride. Then we will see if we can try and get you back."
	You can ride with us.
	For a price.
	Do you have anything of value?
	Well, I have a sword. And a robe. But I think I am going to need them, said Andrew.
	Well see about the price later, said Meegle.
	In the mean time, you are welcome to ride with us, said Marius. "You can sit beside us, up front. The back is filled with mara-grass. Soft, but a little itchy."
	A long, grey stringy plant filled the back of the wagon. It looked like eight foot long strings of spaghetti. The plants were about three inches in diameter, with small offshoots and stems sprouting out from the main stalks. 
	Andrew and Katy climbed onto the wagon and sat down next to the brothers. 
	Marius snapped the reigns, and they began to move. "We're about a two days ride from the village of Cassara." 
	"From there it's a week's journey to the town of Tallut, which is where we aim to sell the mara-grass," said Meegle.
	"We're tradesmen, always traveling from place to place. We're happy to give a fellow traveler a lift."
	"The mara-grass needs special weather conditions and soil to grow. The only land within five-thousand miles of here that can grow it is a small area of land, near a town called Yistass, about six-hundred miles east of here. Therefore, the grass is rare in these parts. It is valued for its healing properties, and it can also be used to make fine clothing, if processed right."
	"Why don't you tell us a bit about yourselves?" said Marius.	
	Andrew told the brothers the tale of how he found the book, The Kingdom of the Light. He told them everything that happened from that point on; how he and Katy were walking in Arbori Park, when they suddenly found themselves in the middle of the rainforest, surrounded by strange plants and creatures. He told them how the first night they had been attacked by the wolf-beasts (which Marius informed him were called glenvins), how they had survived the attack, only to be attacked by the eaguars, and later by the tree-guardians, until they finally crossed the infested river, and arrived at the path where they met the brothers. 
	"That's some story you have yourself there," said Marius. "Don't know many that were swarmed by the umlenzi, or tree guardians, and lived to tell the tale. Or many who survived an eaguar attack. They are the terror of the forest. Three are enough to take out a band of fully grown men. Villages around here have special bells that they sound when an eaguar invades, and every able-bodied adult goes out to fight it." 
	"Yeah. We sure had some close calls. But one thing is very strange. An eaguar bit down hard, directly on my arm, and I wasn't hurt at all," said Andrew.
	"We thought that maybe they couldn't hurt us, because we aren't from their world. Do you know if this is true?" Katy asked in a rush of words. She leaned around Andrew, waiting expectantly to hear if her theory was correct.
	"I don't think so," said Marius slowly. "There are well known stories of mortals who were torn apart by creatures from the Realms."
	Katy deflated.
	"Sorry to disappoint you. But just having originated from the Mortal Realm will not give you any protection here."
	"Let me see that robe of yours please," Meegle requested.
	Andrew took off the robe and gave it to him. Meegle took it in his hands and examined it, turning it this way and that. The robe shimmered. Then, he suddenly sank his teeth into it, and pulled hard.
	"Hey, what are you do" he was going to damage Andrew's beautiful robe! 
	But nothing happened to it. It didn't tear. 
	"It is as I thought," said Marius. "This robe is enchanted. It cannot tear, and nothing can penetrate it. Not a razor sharp blade, and not even the powerful bite of an eaguar. When you wear it, it is as if you are wearing a robe woven of hardest, tempered steel." 
	Meegle handed the gi back to Andrew, who looked at it with renewed awe.
	"Wow," said Katy. "A real enchantment. That's incredible."
	"I forgot there for a second there that you are from the Mortal Realm. Magic is quite common in the Realms. But this is a powerful enchantment," said Marius.
	"Rarely found outside the Realm of the Light."
	"We can offer you a good price for it."
	"Thanks. But I think I'll keep it. I may need its protection again. And besides, I don't think that I'll be able to use your money back home anyway," said Andrew.
	"How embarrassing," commented Meegle. "Our money isn't even as good as the hyper-inflated Indonesian rupee."
	"How do you know about that?" Katy asked.
	"Stories and news from the Mortal Realm occasionally make their way to taverns in the Color Realms, from agents of the Royal Houses and others, who travel throughout the Mortal Realm for various reasons," Marius explained. "So us Immortal merchants do hear about the finances of the Mortal Realm from time to time."
	"What a nightmare," Meegle interjected. 
	"But our knowledge contains very large gaps and holes, when it comes to the finances and news of the Mortal Realm, and is scant indeed," Marius said.  
	"If you ever change your mind," said Meegle.
	"Our offer stands," Marius finished.
	"Thank you," said Andrew.
	"Now, about you returning to the Mortal Realm," said Meegle.
	"It takes a fairly accomplished sorcerer to bring a mortal to and from the Realms and Earth," said Marius.
	"If you want to get home, your best prospect would be to seek out whoever brought you here. He will have the power to send you back."
	So returning home would at least require a sorcerer.
	"I think I may have his card." Andrew pulled from his pocket the silver card imprinted with the image of the rainbow and prism, and showed it to the brothers.
	"Don't recognize it, never saw anything like it," said Marius and Meegle in unison.
	Andrew thought it to be a little suspicious that the brothers denied knowledge of the sorcerer so quickly and forcefully. Perhaps he is a powerful and dangerous wizard, one that the brothers wouldn't want to cross paths with.
	"When we get to Cassara, you will be able to make more inquiries," said Meegle. 
	"But I urge you to ask yourself, if getting home is what you truly want," said Meegle cryptically. "Or if it is something that you seek which brought you here, something that you may not yet have obtained."	
	"Okay. Anyway, I don't know if I want to meet him at all. It certainly seems that he wants us dead. Why else would he transport us to the middle of a dangerous rainforest?" said Andrew.
	If the brothers were telling the truth, then it would mean that this mysterious person isn't well known enough that these two seasoned travelers, who had been to many places, would know his sign, mused Andrew. Dark thoughts seeped into his head. Maybe the creator of the book was actually an evil sorcerer, who had lured him here for his own sinister schemes. What good reason could anyone have to bring a mortal boy from Earth, who knows nothing of the ways of magic, to a place of enchantment and sorcery such as this? 	
	Andrew tried to shake these dark thoughts out of his head, and clear out the cobwebs of his mind. They needed to find the creator of the silver card because he had the power to send them back home and end this whole ordeal. If it turned out that the man was evil, and had a wicked plan for the teens, they would just have to deal with it when the time came. 



Chapter Eight

	The travelers rode on, following the deserted forest road. The colored leaves of the surrounding trees formed a canopy above them, blocking out the sun.
	"We've been wandering the forest for days," said Katy to the brothers. "We are really glad that you came along to help us."
	"Yes," said Marius. "I would never go off path, or even travel by foot in the Great Rainforest. Very dangerous, it is."
	They rode for a while in silence, taking in the sheer beauty of the exotic rainforest. Andrew saw many incredible creatures, including an orange-and-black three-headed snake who flicked his forked tongues at him as he went by; birds with grey, blue, and white plumage that flew in loops; and swarms of insects of every color that came together by the thousands to form beautiful mosaics, only to break apart again and come back together to form yet another beautiful pattern.
	"The forest is so beautiful, so full of life," breathed Katy.
	"Aye, it is," said Meegle. "It is Green's most prized possession. Though he views himself as more of a custodian over it than owner or master."
	Marius said, "the Rainforest makes up a large part of the Realm of Green. It extends for many thousands of miles. King Green protects it fiercely from erosion at the hands of Men. It was he who first created and bred the tree guardians, the umlenzi, that you battled at the river. He formed them for the sole purpose of guarding the trees, the backbone of the rainforest."
	"Many times Green was approached by groups of men, and other beings, who wanted to buy contracts to fell some of the many valuable trees, or harvest various special plants of the forest, or to hunt down some of the unique animals that live inside. But Green refuses, always. They double their offers, but he still refuses. To him, the rainforest belongs to no one but itself, the plants and creatures that it is made of. No man may assert himself over it while King Green and his Court live."
	"That's interesting," said Katy. "The philosophy of most humans back on Earth is that the rainforest belongs to everyone but itself."
	"That's industrialization for you," said Marius.
	They rode on, the clip clop of the green horses merging with the hissing of snakes, humming of insects and other forest noises. 
	"Tell me," said Meegle. "Is it true what they say, that humans have developed horseless carriages?"
	"Yes, of course," said Andrew. "For many years now. Not only have they developed them, but they are extremely popular. The majority of humans make use of them on a daily basis. On Earth they are called cars, or autos."
	"Green would never allow it," said Marius. "After horses, the next thing to go would be the forests and wildlands."
	Meegle said, "but there are rumors that other Realms have an interest in them. They say that Blue, Green's archenemy, has a stockpile of the machines. He may even try to mass produce them. Either with permission from the High Council in Morowell, or if permission is denied, illegally."
	"I guess it's a tradeoff between the beauty of the wild, and the convenience of the automobile," said Andrew.
	"Spoken like a true mortal," Marius remarked. "That's correct if you are looking at it from the viewpoint of the humans' philosophy, which is; "the forest is ours to do what we like with it". From King Green's point of view, the forest has belonged, and always will belong, exclusively to itself. So the forest and its beauty are not ours to trade away."
	
	"Who is Blue?" asked Katy, " And who is Green? And what are 'the Realms', and 'Green's Realm', that you refer to?"
	Meegle and Marius exchanged a glance.
	"We should stop for lunch," said Marius. 
	"Then we will try to answer your questions," said Meegle.
	"Great, I'm so hungry I can eat a horse," said Katy.
	"Killing animals for food is strongly frowned upon in the Realm of Green," Marius admonished.
	Katy rolled her eyes. "It's only an expression."
	The wagon slowed, and stopped. The brothers busied themselves in preparing the food. Marius started a fire, and Meegle set a pot full of water that he drew from a nearby pond on top of it. They cooked some green vegetables that were called tunsan in the pot. The tunsan had the shape of a tall top, or a short, fat carrot. It had a thick brown and yellow skin. Katy gathered some of the purple diamond fruit, which Meegle said was called ibrass, and they sat on the ground around the fire to eat. The tunsan had a taste similar to that of sweet potato, though a little more starchy.
	Marius began to talk, explaining to the Earthers about the Realms, in between bites. "We are presently in the Color Realms, or the Realms for short."
	"Although the phrase 'the Realms' can sometimes also include the dwarf, elf, and other Realms that lie outside the Color Realms, depending on the context," Meegle interjected.
	"The Realms are made up of several separate Realms, a Realm for each color. Each Color Realm is ruled by its King"
	"or Queen." 
	"The Realms border each other, and form a roughly circular"
	"no, oval"
	"or square"
	"rectangular actually"
	Marius flung his plate of steaming hot vegetables at his brother Meegle. "Idiot!"
	"Dummy!" Meegle shouted, and he punched Marius square in the nose.
	"Please, stop it!" cried Katy. "There is no need to fight! It's not helping anyone! Please continue telling us about the Realms."
	The brothers turned to look at Katy, and snapped out of it. Andrew thought that it was as if there was a switch inside of their heads labeled 'fight' that had been switched on and then switched back off. It was a little unnerving, how the amicable brothers transformed into their own worst enemies at the drop of a hat, and for no good reason at all.
	"Sorry," said the brothers sheepishly.	
	"So," Meegle continued, picking up from where Marius left off. "The Realms border each other on two sides, roughly forming an irregular circle. Irregular, because the Realms are not all the same size. They expand and contract according to that Color's influence in the Mortal Realm."
	"Oh," said Katy. 
	"On the outside of the circle lies the sea, or the other Realms of dwarves, elves and other beings, depending on which of the Realms you are referring to," said Marius. 
	"On the inside, in the center of the circle, dwell the People of the Light, in the Realm that is known as the Realm of the Light," said Meegle.
	"Why are the Realms named after colors?" Andrew asked. 
	"Good, I was just getting to that. And the reason is because it is the duty of the Men of the Realms to help create the Light. It is their purpose. Each and every morning the Priests of each of the Color Realms raise the Crystal of that Realm. The Priests of Blue, raise the Blue crystal, the Violet Crystal is raised by the Priests of Violet, and so on."
	"What is the purpose of the Crystals?" Katy asked.
	"These humongous, colored crystals channel a ray of colored light in the Color of the Realm towards the Prism of the Light. The Prism is housed atop a tower in the very center of the Realm of the Light, which is itself in the center of the Color Realms. So the Light is formed in the center of the center. And it is very central indeed to the lives of the Realms' inhabitants, who are permitted to raise their own personal family crystals at the time of the Lighting each morning, to add to, strengthen, and bolster the Light," 
	"Many of the Realms' inhabitants work hard to mine or to buy as large, beautiful, and radiant a crystal as they can, so that they too will have a part in the Lighting. The rays of all the Colors converge together in the central Prism, and the Prism fuses the beams together, producing a great shaft of pure Light. This great beam of Light is channeled upwards towards the heavens," said Meegle.
	"Kind of like a reverse rainbow," said Katy.
	"Exactly. Like a reverse rainbow. A rainbow splits a beam of white light into many colors. Here, the different colors are joined together to form the beam of pure Light," Meegle elucidated.
	"And what exactly is the function of this Light, that it is so central to the lives of the Men of the Realms?" Andrew asked.
	Marius looked at Andrew strangely, as if he had said something peculiar. "We know from our fathers and leaders, who know from their fathers before them, that it is our duty to serve and uphold the Light. The purpose of the Light itself is not known to us, nor is it any of our concern."
	"We must do our duty regardless of the higher reason, or reasons, behind it. We believe that there is a purpose, a great purpose, behind this ritual. It matters not to us that we cannot fathom it."
	Andrew had his doubts about this 'religion', but he wasn't going to voice them in front of these long time inhabitants of the Realms, who had been exposed to and believed in this faith for so long that it had probably become a part of their very beings, to the point where it was useless arguing with them; in doing so he would probably only succeed in offending them.  
	"What about you, Marius and Meegle?" Katy asked. "Do you have a crystal that you raise for the Lighting?"
	"Yes, we do have our own crystal. But we are unable to participate in the Lighting when we are on the road, as we spend much time travelling through the forest, where it is very hard to find a good spot due to the leaf canopy. We also travel in the other Realms often, and the crystal of one Realm cannot be raised in another Color's Realm, as it may upset the equilibrium of the Light. For the Colors must be in balance, or they will fail to form the Light."
	"So we keep our crystal in our home, which is a long way from here. And in the limited time that we are home, we do try to be up for the Lighting, to make our own personal contribution towards the Light."
	"It sounds really beautiful," said Katy. "Thousands and thousands of people participate every day, in a group effort, to make this mystical Light. Everyone contributes in their own color, in their own way. Wow."
	But Andrew was skeptical. 'I'll believe in this custom, when I know how it originated, and what its purpose is,' he thought.
	
	The travelers finished their light lunch of tunsan and ibrass and returned to the wagon. They rode on through the forest for several hours more, until nightfall. Then they stopped and made camp on the side of the road. There were certainly no five star hotels in this part of this world. They would be sleeping out in the open. The same accommodations as the creatures that dwelled in the forest. 
	But the brothers were used to this kind of living. Meegle got a blazing campfire going, and Marius prepared a tasty vegetable soup for them to eat. 
	When he was finished eating, Meegle leaned back and belched. "That was a fine soup."
	Suddenly, out of nowhere, Marius lunged at his brother, tackling him. They rolled over and over in the dirt, with Marius landing up on top.
	Marius pummeled his brother's face with both fists. Meegle grabbed Marius's hand and twisted it. It looked like a fight to the death... 
	Quickly Andrew ran over to the brothers and pulled Marius off of Meegle. "Why did you tackle him?" 
	"He provoked me!" Marius shouted.
	"Did not! I didn't even make a move," Meegle shouted back.
	"I saw it in his eyes, he was about to attack me. So I made a preemptive strike," Marius claimed.
	"You tried to poison the soup!"	
	They continued on in this vein, bickering and shouting over utter nonsense, for several more minutes. 
	Then, as suddenly as the fight began, it stopped. Marius offered his brother a handkerchief to wipe his bloody nose, and Meegle patted the dirt off the back of his brother's shirt.
	"Andrew, what's wrong with them?" Katy whispered.
	"I don't know, why don't you ask them?" he whispered back.
	Katy cleared her throat."Why are you like this? You spontaneously break out into fight for no good reason. Then you stop, and forget about it instantly. There has to be some explanation for this extremely strange behavior. Why do you fight?"
	The brothers looked at each other. Meegle nodded his head slowly...



Chapter Nine
	
	"I will explain," said Marius. "The story goes way back, to our youth. Me and my brother were born in the Realm of Blue, and were subjects of King Blue. Blue is a tyrant. He treats his subjects like slaves. He forced us to work deep in the horrible Vonstan mines."
	"Vonstan?" 
	"It's a valuable ore. We wouldn't see the sun for days and days on end. The lack of daylight, combined with the horrible monsters that lurked there, and the strong noxious fumes that permeated the very air that we breathed, drove us to the brink of madness, and beyond."
	"We were so mad that we even tried to escape from the clutches of Blue. It's a long story, and eventually we made it out, after a string of lucky events, or perhaps by fate. By then we were completely insane," said Marius.
	"Green took us in, granted us citizenship. Under the care of his doctors, and with time, we were mostly cured of our insanity."
	"But this remnant remains with us from the time we spent in those dreadful mines. About once every six minutes, we get the overbearing urge to attack one another."
	"We remember each other from the mines, so we associate each other's faces with the terrible and fearful monsters that dwelled there in the deep."
	"We suppress the urge to fight, but it only grows more and more powerful."
	"Until it erupts out of our psyches, causing us to fight the imaginary 'monster' to the death."
	"It is lucky that neither of us is very strong "
	"having been malnourished in our youth in the Realm of Blue"
	"or we would long ago have killed one another." 
	"And that is why we fight."
	Katy looked like she was close to tears. "That is so sad. I wish that there was something that we could do to help."
	Meegle's eyes lit up. "You know something, there very well may be something that you can do to help us."
	Marius shot Meegle an excited glance. "You wouldn't happen to have on you some medicine, from the Mortal Realm, would you now?"	
	Katy shook her head no.
	"We don't," said Andrew, "but I doubt that anything that we might have could help for the condition that you described anyway. That would probably require some powerful anti-psychotic medications."
	"No, you don't understand," said Meegle. "You see, items brought from the Mortal Realm to the Color Realms often take on strange and unusual powers. Even mundane items from the Mortal Realm can become powerful objects in the Color Realms, with the right incantation."
	"Perhaps you have some mortal food! Check all your pockets!" said Marius.
	Andrew was pretty sure that he didn't have any food on him, but he checked his pockets anyway. In the back pocket of his jeans he found the crushed remains of what was once half a snickers bar. It had to be at least a couple of weeks old.
	He showed it to the brothers. "Will this do?" 
	"Oh, that will do just fine." Excitement showed on their faces.
	Andrew handed the snickers bar to Marius. He took it, held his hand over the crushed candy bar, and muttered an incantation. It looked unchanged.
	Meegle divided the remains of the bar into two parts, and the brothers each took one, and ate it.
	"In several minutes time we shall see if it worked," said Marius. 
	They waited longer than the usual six minutes, without incident
	"I didn't think that Marius was a monster!" said Meegle.	
	"I didn't want to hurt Meegle!" shouted Marius.
	"We're cured!" 
	The short pair began to sing and dance. "We're cured, we're cured, the mortal food has cured us! 
Brothers ruined in the mine,
Deep in forest, they do find,
Mortal men who give them candy,
Everything is fine and dandy!"
	The brothers whooped and hollered, and sang and danced, for some time. And Andrew fully understood their joy. They were finally cured of a terrible sickness that they had suffered from for so long. It was cause for celebration.
	The brothers hugged Katy and Andrew. "Thank you, thank you so very much. Hundreds of years of horrible, senseless fighting, are finally ended, thanks to you."
	"We must give them something in return," said Marius. The ride isnt nearly enough.
	"You are right. We must," said Meegle. "What should we give them?"
	"I know!" Marius whispered something into Meegle' ear.
	"Are you sure? You know that we were saving that to sell to the Lady Lemesna, or the Duke of Anequin. It is worth a great fortune."
	"Yes of course. But we owe it to them."
	"Okay, I'll fetch it."
	Meegle went to the wagon and rummaged through one of the sacks that lay there. He pulled from the sack a small, purple, drawstring bag, trimmed with gold. He walked over to the teens and took from the purple bag a small velvet covered box. It resembled a jewelry box.
	Meegle knelt down before Andrew, and presented him with the box. "Please accept this as a token of our gratitude, O Narwah." 	
	Andrew opened it. Inside there was a white whistle, engraved with strange ruins and symbols. 
	Andrew picked up the whistle and put it to his mouth. He was about to blow it when Marius cried out"stop! Don't blow it here! We will all be killed!"
	"Why?" asked Katy. "What does it do?"
	"This is a Xelnia whistle. It is carved from the breastbone of the notoriously hard to capture male Xelnia horse." said Meegle.
	"The male Xelnia appears only once every thirteen years, on a remote mountain, in a remote island in the Western Sea," said Marius. "Hence the whistle is extremely rare."
	"Blowing it will call the ferocious, winged, fire-breathing, female Xelnia swiftly to your aid."
	"The whistle must be used only in times of great peril or need. If she is called for nothing, or for a trifling reason, the Xelnia will become very angry, and will probably destroy you." 
	 "Trust me, you don't want to face the wrath of the female fire breathing Xelnia," said Meegle.
	"So it's a dragon?" Katy asked.
	"No, dragons are lizards. The Xelnia is a horse. And besides, not all dragons breathe fire altogether," Marius said.
	"Then it's a fire breathing Pegasus?" Katy said.
	"No, it is a Xelnia. Pegasi are a Greek myth. The Xelnia is real," said Meegle.
	"I saw a female Xelnia once," said Marius proudly. "She shot by, while Meegle was driving the wagon and looking ahead at the road. She was a very deep black, blacker then black. And her mane and tail were a bright red, orange, and yellow. Like a flaming coal, she appeared."
	"Wow," said Andrew. "This is, this is just incredible!"
	"The whistle is not to be blown too frequently, or the Xelnia will cease to heed its call," Meegle admonished.
	"Eventually, after enough blows, it will be rendered useless. Use it wisely."
	"We take no responsibility for a defective product. Or for an angry Xelnia. Blow at your own risk, as you mortals say," said Meegle.
	"Thank you. Thank you so very much for this wonderful gift. It is marvelous," said Andrew. 
	A flying, fire breathing horse. Andrew thought that it was quite a good trade for half of an old, crushed snickers bar.
	Meegle beamed. "It is the least we can do, for our sanity's restoration at your hand."



Chapter Ten
	
	Night drew her curtain over the sun.
	"We have a long day of travel ahead of us tomorrow," said Meegle.
	Marius said, "I'll fetch bunches of mara-grass for us to sleep on."
	"We have cotton sheets which we spread on top of the grass, to prevent itching."
	"Katy and I slept in trees the last few nights, because of the wild beasts who roam the forest," Andrew said.
	"We travel this path often, and we know the forest well," assured Marius. "Those animals are rarely found in this part of the woods. But as an extra precaution, we will sleep with our bows beside us. Between our bows and your sword, we should be safe from all but a pack of eaguars. But I guarantee you, eaguars are never found here anyway."
	They arranged the bedding and lay down to sleep. A few minutes passed, when Katy pointed at the sky. "Ooh, how pretty. What is that? It looks like a gigantic fireworks display."	
	"That is the result of many comets colliding with each other," Meegle replied. "It happens pretty often in the sky of the Realms."
	"Where do the pieces land?" Andrew asked.
	"Mostly they stay out in space," said Marius. "The small percentage that do fall here typically burn up before they hit the ground, or fall harmlessly into the Sea."
	"A half a comet caused a tsunami a couple hundred years ago, in the Southern Sea," said Meegle. "But such occurrences are rather uncommon. I wouldn't worry about it." 
	The brilliant show the sky put on for them lasted several more minutes. And then, they were soon asleep. The trekkers slept soundly that night, with no horrifying beasts awakening them.

	The next morning dawned like any other. They woke to the trilling of birds. Katy went off in search of fruit and water for breakfast. The others packed up the bedding and prepared for the road. Ten minutes had passed when a mile down the path three men dressed in blue uniforms, with dark blue helmets, appeared from the skies. They flew with a sort of open, one-manned helicopter. It was essentially just rotors with an engine, and a harness that hung down below the blades. The men landed on the path.
	The instant they landed they disconnected from the helicopters and folded the blades up neatly into a small box, with a handle for carrying. 
	The men were armed with spears.
	Two of them split off into the forest, while the third advanced towards the wagon. Andrew noticed that they were moving quickly and efficiently, like trained soldiers.
	"It's Blue's Elite Guard! They may be looking for fresh slaves!" Meegle hissed. "Quick, hide in the mara-grass before they see you!"
	Andrew dove into the back of the wagon and covered himself with the grey grass, hoping against hope that he had not been seen.
	The Guard rapidly covered the distance between the landing point and the wagon. Andrew peeked out from a small hole in the wooden wagon wall. He approached the brothers, towering over them. He must have been at least six foot six. 
	"Have you two seen any humans?" the Guard asked. His voice was cold and metallic. Inhuman. His oily mustache wiggled as he talked.
	"N-No sir, we d-didn't, sir." 
	The Guard held up a small, black, rectangular box, which emitted a rapid, high pitched beep. "Our sensors indicate that there is a human in the area. Those found guilty of lying to the Guard can be punished by death, you know."
	"Self made and self imposed law," Meegle muttered.
	"What?" shouted the guard, pressing the tip of his spear nearly through Meegle's nose.
	"N-nothing, sorry," said Meegle. But the expression on his face showed anything but remorse.
	"What would a human from the Mortal Realm be doing here, in the Rainforest of Green?" Marius asked boldly.
	"That's none of your business" the Guard snapped.
	He walked around to the back of the wagon. 	
	"Now, I suppose you won't mind me sticking my spear into this here mara-grass, being that there aren't any humans in it, or anything else for that matter. Correct?" he drawled.
	Beads of sweat poured down the brothers' faces. They were trapped. Andrew, their Narwah, their benefactor, was only seconds away from turning into human shish-kebob.   
	"No!" 
	"Yes!" 
	The Guard raised his spear, about to plunge it straight into the grass where Andrew was hiding.
	Then a high-pitched scream was heard, coming from the forest. They found Katy.
	The Guard's radio crackled to life.
	"You found her. Good. Orders are to take her to the King immediately. Over. 
The Guard started to walk away. You two are lucky that I must go now. Or I would stay and deal with your insubordination. One of you was lying, perhaps both." said the Guard over his shoulder.
	Meegle and Marius glared back at him with an expression of greatest loathing written on their pudgy faces. 
	A quarter mile down the path another one of the Guard appeared, Katy flung over his shoulder.
	She beat her fists on the Guard's back and screamed, "Put me down, put me down you fat oaf! Andrew will take care of you! He knows judo!"
	Andrew looked at Katy's face. It showed her fear, her utter horror over being taken by the Guards. He wanted badly to do something. But he couldn't. Getting them both captured wouldn't help any.... so he was forced to watch in pain, as Katy was taken away from him. 
	The Guard sniffed. "I have never heard of this Lord Andrew whom you speak of." He pronounced it like Ahn-drow. "I doubt he will be a concern. Let's go, our Supreme Master awaits." 
	The Guard and his partner gagged Katy and tied her wrists together. In the blink of an eye they unfolded their heli-packs, strapped them on, and took off, Katy in tow. 
	Katy was gone.
	
	Andrew was distraught and broken. All he could think was that he should've done something. Something to help her. He should've challenged the Guards with the katana. Or shot at them with the brothers' bows and arrows.
	The small part of Andrew's mind that could still think rationally through the fog of his grief told him that there was nothing that he could've done. The immortal Elite Guard had hundreds of years of training behind them. He had no hope of taking them on alone.
	But rational thinking wasn't coming easy for Andrew now. Sorrow pierced his very soul. Who knew what the tyrannical Blue would do to her?
	He climbed out of the mara-grass. The brothers walked over and immediately spotted the grief on his face.
	"We're sorry. Was she special to you?" 
	Andrew nodded. 
	He didn't know if he could go on. The person that he cared about most in the world was gone. What was the point of anything now?
	Then Bella came trotting out of the forest, and headed straight for Andrew. He held her and petted her. Instantly, her magic took effect. Andrew found his strength and courage returning, his fear and sadness ebbing away. Although the pain didn't go completely. It was only numbed somewhat. 
	
	Andrew was now torn over what to do next. Go after Blue, or go after the maker of the book?
	"Where are they taking her?" 
	"Probably to Blue's undersea fortress."
	"He prefers to reside beneath the great blue sea."
	"Can I go there and try to rescue her?" Andrew asked.
	"It would be impossible to penetrate with anything less than a small army. And even then, your chances wouldn't be good."
	But Andrew saw a ray of hope in this. "Maybe it was Blue who created the Kingdom of the Light and summoned me here. I will turn myself in, and Katy will go free!"
	"You are right that it is certainly possible that it was Blue who lured you to this world. But he would never give up a useable slave. Even if you were to turn yourself in, Katy would remain a slave of Blue for the rest of her life, regardless of whether or not she was the one who he was searching for."
	He was right. The plan wouldn't work. "You make a good point, Marius. I guess you would know something of Blue and his slaves. So what do I do? How do I go about freeing Katy?"    
	"I think that your best plan of action would be to try and find out why Blue had his men were searching for humans," said Meegle.
	"And when you do find the person who created the book and summoned you here, you will have gained the answer to that question as well," said Marius.
	Meegle explained, "if Blue is indeed the maker of the book, and the one who brought you here, then he was simply searching for the person that he summoned."
	"And if someone else created the book, then it must follow that the reason Blue is searching for you is to keep you from meeting up with that person," said Marius.
	"Okay," said Andrew, his mind made up. "I will continue to Cassara, to solve the mystery of who brought us here. Trying to break into Blue's compound by myself is suicide anyway. But everything just got a lot more complicated. Besides for finding a way home, I also need to free Katy." 
	"Wise choice," said Meegle.
	"Like you mortals say, you are stuck between a rock and a hard place," said Marius. "And you are choosing"
	"the hard place," said Meegle.
	"the rock," said Marius at the same time.
	The brothers looked at each other and laughed. Andrew smiled. Yesterday, this slight disagreement would have been cause for a fight to the death. So there was hope for Blue's slaves. He only hoped that he could rescue Katy before she became a slave at all. 			



Chapter Eleven
	
	The travelers, now reduced to a trio, rode on towards Cassara the rest of that day. That night after supper, the brothers produced musical instruments from a compartment in the wagon. 	
	Marius played a pipe that had two mouths; one that produced a high clear note, and the other a low, warbling sound, while Meegle strummed a three stringed mandolin, and sang songs in a language that Andrew was not familiar with.
	The brothers played many different kinds of tunes. Some were upbeat and lively, while others were slow, and mournful. Some uplifting, others, steeped in sorrow.
	As they played, the smoke of the campfire magically took on different shapes and figures, in time to the music. It told many stories. 
	Andrew recognized some of them. One particularly sad tune depicted two short men, bound together, being sent down a mine shaft by a tall, imposing man with a crown on his head. Another, much happier tune, told the tale of the same two men breaking out of the mines. And a very lively, joyful song illustrated in the smoke two short, bearded men taking food from a teenage boy, eating it, and dancing. 
	Andrew wondered how the tale of Katy's capture would end. Would it have a happy ending, like the brothers? Or would it end in sadness and sorrow?
	
	The next morning they finally left the forest behind them, and arrived at the town of Cassara. It was situated at the edge of the tropical wood, bordered on the south by the rainforest, north by a small mountain, east by a brook, and on the west, by fields and open space.
	It was the first human settlement that Andrew had seen in days. It was a small, quaint village, nestled under the arm of the mountain. In all, there probably weren't more than a couple hundred houses in the whole town. Though there were several large inns lining the main road.
	"One of the more busy highways of the Realm of Green passes through this town," said Marius.
	"Most of the townsfolk work in the fields, the inns, or the crystal mines of the mountain yonder," said Meegle.
	"You should be able to find lodging with one of them, maybe in exchange for helping him with his work," Marius said. "While you are here, you will be able to make more inquiries into how and why you came to be in our world. Many travelers from all corners of the Realms and beyond pass through this town. One is bound to know the answer."
	"You will find that the townspeople are simple, decent folk. I think you may come to like them," said Meegle. "But first, we must have brunch at the Karsgone Inn and Eatery. Best weselburry soup this side of the Ambinen."
	They stopped at the inn called the Karsgone, and ate brunch.
	Marius stood up. "I will see if I can find you someone to stay by."
	Five minutes later he reappeared with a tall man at his side. He had curly black hair, dark brown eyes, a full black beard, and slightly turned in ears. His skin was tanned, with muscular arms and calloused hands. A farmer.
	"Andrew, this is Jonah. Jonah, Andrew. Jonah can use an extra hand in the fields. In exchange, he will provide you with food and board."
	Andrew held out his hand to shake. "Sounds fair enough."
	Jonah looked at him funny.
	Andrew withdrew his hand. "Oh, sorry. I did not know that shaking was an Earth thing."
	"You are a mortal then! From the Mortal Realm! This is good news! It is a sign from God. A great change is coming. The last time a mortal wandered these parts was hundreds of years ago, in the times of William Goldeye. And then, he brought about the slaying of the terrible dragon Northkaang!"
	"I'm just a young boy from Pine Valley, New York," Andrew said. "I don't know much about slaying dragons."
	"We shall see, we shall see. Now, why don't you teach me how to shake hands, the mortal way?"
	Andrew demonstrated, and they shook. 
	
	It was now time to say good bye to the brothers, who would be continuing on to the market in Tallut.
	"You saved my life," said Andrew. "And Katy's too. If not for you, we would have been killed in the rainforest for sure."
	"You more than repaid us, Andrew," said Marius.
	"We will never forget what you have done for us," said Meegle.
	The brothers climbed into their wagon, and started to move.
	"Farewell, and best of luck!"
	Andrew waved until the wagon passed out of sight. There goes two good friends. Who knows if I will ever see them again? he thought.
	"Let us go to my home," said Jonah. "It is in the north side of town, near Mount Hemstone. My son Yoar will be very excited to meet a human!"
	They talked about the drought that had hit the area hard on the way. "There is a heavy drought now. We pray to the Creator every day for rain. If it doesn't come in the next two days, the crops will likely be lost."
	Jonah's house was a simple wooden structure, divided into four rooms. A kitchen slash eating area, and three bedrooms. There was no indoor bathroom or plumbing, only an outhouse out back.
	The hut stood on several acres of what was usually lush grass, now brown and brittle.
	Inside, Andrew met Yelenta, Jonah's wife. She was a petite woman with dark brown hair and light blue eyes. Andrew was also introduced to Yoar, Jonah's son. Yoar was an energetic boy, with curly black hair and brown eyes just like his father.
	Jonah made the introductions. "Andrew, this is Yelenta, and Yoar. Yelenta, Yoar, this is Andrew. Andrew is a mortal, from Earth."
	Yoar dropped the mug he was holding, and it shattered on the floor. "From Earth? You mean that Earth is a real place?! Wow! Old Zin-Tin always said that Earth, its mortals, and their crazy machines are nothing more than fairy tales."
	Andrew was slightly amused. "Yep, we're real."	
	"This is so exciting! A real human!" Yoar showered Andrew with questions. "Is it true that you can shoot fire from your hands? Melt stone with your eyes?"
	Andrew laughingly explained that much of what Yoar had heard about humans, was indeed nothing more than myth. But he still astounded him with tales of mortal ingenuity; horseless carriages, flying machines, vessels that could travel to other planets, and other amazing mortal technology.
	"Oh boy," said Yoar. "All the kids are going to be so jealous that I have a real mortal staying at my house!"	
	They ate a late lunch. Andrew was introduced to Jenna, Jonah's infant daughter.
	"God has been kind. He has bestowed upon us another gift," said Jonah.
	"She is our forty-third child," Yelenta said. 
	"Forty third! Where I come from, it is quite uncommon to have even more than five children. Where are the others?"
	Andrew was worried that he was going to have to share the tiny hut with forty-five other people.
	Yelenta laughed. "They are all grown up, and have homes of their own now. You are forgetting that we are immortal. Jonah and I are more than five hundred years old."
	"We were born before America was discovered," said Jonah, proud that he knew this fact.
	"Where do the others live?" Andrew asked. 
	"Several remain here, in Cassara. A few reside in our old town, Tillembar, one hundred miles north east of here. The rest are scattered throughout the region and beyond. Yantry, our twenty-third child, resides in the capital, Nicklevar, where he serves as personal attendant to King Yionaffe. We are very proud of all our children. And we are extra proud of Yantry."
	Jonah's face glowed when he spoke of his children. 
	"So tell us," said Yelenta. "How did you come to be in the Realms?"
	Andrew told them the story of the Kingdom of the Light, and how he and Katy went to see a waterfall, when they were mysteriously teleported to the Realms.
	"That's strange," said Yelenta. "I don't know why that happened. I've never heard of a magical teleporting waterfall before, much less a magic teleporting waterfall in the Mortal Realm."
	Andrew showed them the silver card, but they didn't recognize its sign.
	"I hope you find your way home, or to wherever it is that you must go, safely," said Jonah.
	They finished eating.
	"Yoar, why don't you show Andrew around town?" said Jonah.
	"All right, father."
	Yoar gave him a tour of the small town. Almost all of the shops and businesses were on the main road that passed through the center of the village.
	Yoar pointed out the bakery, tailor, and the house of worship. There was also a large gazebo-like structure, which was used for a meeting place. The townspeople would convene there every so often to discuss matters pertaining to the town.
	There was a small shop which sold green crystals to be used for the Lighting. Yoar said that it was mainly supplied by the crystal mines of the nearby Mount Hemstone.
	There were several medium to large sized inns which did brisk business from the major artery that passed through town. On the south side of the village there was an open area that was used for the market, on Fridays.
	One of the more interesting shops to the human Andrew was a store that sold a collection of magical items, spell books, and anything else magic related.
	They completed the tour and returned to the hut for dinner. 
	They all rose early the next morning, and went to work in the fields. At lunch, Jonah said that if rain would not come within a day, they might need to sell some of their horses to have food for the coming season.
	But there was no need to sell horses. That very afternoon, the heavens finally answered their prayers. The skies opened, and rain fell in torrents. The crops were saved.
	Jonah, along with many of the other townspeople, attributed the rain to the arrival of the mortal, Andrew, believing him to be a harbinger of good luck and prosperity. Though others said that mortals brought the devil, and time would prove that he only brought misfortune and evil with him.



Chapter Twelve

	The next several days passed by quickly. Andrew was up early to help Jonah on the farm. His mornings would pass in difficult but satisfying farm work, his afternoons in the company of Yoar. 
	Yoar taught Andrew useful skills that he didn't know, like how to ride a horse properly, and how to shoot a bow. Bows and other weapons were not used by the villagers to hunt, but they still had need of them for self defense. Dangerous animals from the nearby rainforest would wander into the village on occasion. Yoar also taught him a few of the more simple magical spells that he knew.
	Andrew taught Yoar some judo, which to him was a very exotic fighting style. And Andrew reveled Yoar with tales of the 'mythical' Earth; machines that could think, bombs that flattened cities, and other 'fantastic' tales.
	Andrew's evenings would be spent at one of the many local taverns more often than not. He didn't drink much, but enjoyed looking at the fascinating beings who passed through the village from all corners of the Realms and beyond. He also very much enjoyed the fantastic tales that they brought with them.
	Andrew saw dwarves, goblins, pixies, and more. Beings with extra limbs and facial features, sentient plants. Bands of vampires, packs of werewolves, translucent beings. Creatures made of metal and stone. He got to see astonishing and wondrous life forms that weren't in any fantasy tale on Earth. 
	There were no laws about minimum age to drink in this town. If the bar tender thought someone was too young, he would simply ask him to leave.
	Andrew was very popular with the crowd, having been the only human in the region in hundreds of years. Often, he and another traveler would sit swapping tales of adventure from distant parts of the Realms, and stories of human cunning and technology, for hours on end. 
	The simple townsfolk crowded around, thirstily drinking in every word.
	Andrew suspected that this had a big influence on the bar tender's decision not to kick him out for being under age. He was just too good for business.
	
	Every morning, Jonah and his family, along with much of the village, partook in the ritual of the Lighting. They would go outside, carrying their crystals, one per family. When it was time, the Great Crystal of the Realm of Green was raised by the Priests of the Light. A great green beam of Color became visible overhead, on its way to the central Prism, where all the beams combined to create the Light.
	This was the cue for each family to raise their own private crystals. They would try to angle it so that its beam would be directed towards the Prism.
	The day after the great rainfall, Jonah honored Andrew with the Lighting. He handed Andrew the crystal, a large, clear, green shard. "This crystal is the pride of our family. It gives off such a beautiful and radiant Light."
	Andrew took it and raised it to the sunlight. The light filled it, and made it glow brilliantly. It felt warm in his hand. A clear green ray was visible, emitting from the crystal, and travelling in a westerly direction, towards the Prism. 
	"How is it possible for the beam to hit the Prism precisely, so many hundreds of miles away?" Andrew asked.
	"If one's intentions are pure, the beam will bend and hit the Prism," Jonah answered.
	
	Not a day passed that Andrew didn't think of Katy. The image of her fearful face as she was carried away by Blue's minions was frozen in his mind. He thought about what she could be going through at the hands of the tyrannical Blue. It was a constant pain inside him.
	But Andrew knew that to attack Blue alone, or even to just try and infiltrate his undersea compound without aid, was a death wish. As much as it killed him to not act, he would need patience. 
	When the feelings of despair and hopelessness began to overcome him, Andrew would pet Bella, and her magic helped him feel better.
	Every evening Andrew showed the rainbow card to all the travelers that he met. He hoped that one, just one, would recognize it. But the days passed, and none did. Andrew wondered if he would ever find out who the creator of the book and card was.
	
	Until one day, ole' Greybeard the dwarf showed up in town. Greybeard was even older than the town of Cassara itself, which was quite unusual for a dwarf, but not unheard of. He was wont to say that he had had more adventures than the number of whiskers in his beard. There was nothing that he loved more than a good, swashbuckling adventure. The more danger and risk involved, the better.
	It wasn't long before word got to Greybeard that there was a human in the village, who had trekked through the Great Rainforest and lived to tell the tale.
	Greybeard sent a message to Andrew which said that he was to meet him in the Cracked Goblet pub in the evening.

	Andrew looked forward to the meeting all that day as he worked the fields, hoping that because Greybeard was very old and well traveled, he might know something about the mysterious rainbow card and its creator.
	He entered the Cracked Goblet and looked around for Greybeard. There was a stout dwarf dressed in a worn traveler's cloak, sporting a large, unkempt, grey beard, sitting near the wall. Guessing correctly that it was Greybeard, Andrew approached him. "Are you the dwarf Greybeard?" 
	"Aye, I am," said the dwarf in a deep voice, with what Andrew guessed was a dwarfish accent. "You must be the human everyone is talking about. Sit, make yourself comfortable. Do you want something to drink? It's on me."
	He sat. "I'll have a small flagon of beer."
	Andrew's usual crowd began to form nearby. The drinks arrived. "Now, let me hear of your adventures! Hiked through the Great Rainforest alone, you did? Fought off a Umlenzi swarm, yah say? Tell me, I want to hear everythin'! Oh I jus' love a good tale of adventure. Start from the very beginning."
	Andrew recounted his tale from when he had been drawn to the book in the library so many days ago. When he told Greybeard about the card, Greybeard asked, "may I see it?"
	Andrew showed him the silver card. "I think I might know what this is."
	Andrew's heart leaped in his chest.
	"But first, I want you to finish your tale."
	He continued the story, until the part where he arrived in Cassara.
	"Wish I could've been there," Greybeard remarked. "Oh, I haven't had me'self a proper adventure in ages!"
	Greybeard downed his third flagon of strong ale, and went on to ramble about the nature of adventure itself. "It seems to me that the adventurous types get less and less, dwindling as the years go by. Take humans, for example. Long gone are the days of swashbuckling pirates, of chivalrous knights, and their kind. Now, people are content to lean back on their couches, and make do with watching synthetic substitutes."
	"Yes, but isn't it better this way?" Andrew asked. "People don't put themselves in danger so much anymore."
	"Better is subjective. Muvar end gilar nu rend kand."
	"What's that?"
	"That's an old dwarfish saying. Loosely translated, it means 'what's life without a little risk.' Dragons, sea serpents, and many other so-called 'mythical' creatures left the Earth, when they saw that there was none left to challenge them."
	"Can they be brought back?" 
	"Who can say? Perhaps if a human was to challenge them in the Realms and best them in a fight, they would return."
	"Why?"
	"For that would prove that humans still have fight in them, and that they haven't lost their backbone completely. But who can know for sure? 'En rayn feng, en rayn mong, nar morwen kife herw lenn oge. The sun rises, the sun sets, and man knows not his loss.' In other words, to most humans, nothing seems to have changed. But in reality, much has been lost from him. Now, let's have a closer look at that card of yours."
	Andrew handed the card to Greybeard. He took it and held it to the light, examining it from various angles. Then he folded it into what was roughly a prism. The card became transparent. The light shone through and created a small, but beautiful, rainbow.
	"Yes, the design has changed somewhat since the last time I came across one of these. But there can be no mistake, that this is the sign of En Garnvair Kun."
	"Who?" 
	"Teltibane, the Mighty One."
	
	"Who is Teltibane?" Andrew asked. 
	"Teltibane," Greybeard answered. "Is a very mysterious figure. There aren't many who know the answer to that question for sure. Some say that he does not exist at all. Others say that he is the Creator Himself, in corporeal form. But I know for certain that he exists, at least. A good friend of mine once met him, centuries ago."
	"So did he find out what he really is?" 
	"Whether or not he is God or angel in human form, or merely Man, I cannot tell yah. But I know for certain that he is the true ruler of the Kingdom of the Light. King Banarganian is merely a puppet, and a ruler in name only." 
	"So can I find Teltibane in the capital city of the Realm of the Light?"	
	Greybeard chuckled. "It ain't gonna be as simple as that, to find the most elusive man in the Realms, to the point where many believe his existence to be myth."
	"So you mean that I should give up?"	
	Greybeard took a long sip from his fourth flagon of ale. "Are you sure that you really want to find him? There may be other sorcerers who can return you home."
	"No. He is the one who started all this, and he should be the one to end it. And I need to stop him from luring more human children here. Moreover, if he is the true ruler, and turns out not to be evil like I thought, then he will probably be the best person to turn to, to help release Katy from Blue's clutches. Besides, he will know what the cryptic words 'you have been chosen' mean. He holds the answers. I need him."
	"It will be hard," said Greybeard. "To travel to Teltibane."
	"Fine."
	"It will be dangerous."
	Andrew gazed steadily into Greybeard's brown eyes. "I am willing to see this through." 



Chapter Thirteen

	The dwarf smiled. "I like your spirit, boy. Now you listen to ole' Greybeard, and listen well, and he will tell yeh how to get to Teltibane, he will. There aren't many who know this information, so listen closely."
	"Okay," Andrew said.
	"There is a small mountain range in the eastern side of the Realm of the Light known as the Dumvarins. It consists of five peaks, arranged like a pentagon, with a valley in the center. About two thousand, five hundred feet above the valley floor, cut into the western side of the eastern mountain, which is known as Nenw, there is a path. You must pass the mountains and get to the path safely. Then, on the path, there may be obstacles to overcome, and challenges to be met."
	"And Teltibane will be at the end of the path?" 
	"If you make it to the end of the path you will find there a great, enchanted mist. If you do not have the right to see Teltibane, the mist will obscure your vision, and you will not be able to see anything at all."
	"Do I have the right to see him?" 
	"'Course yah do. You have his card, don't yah? You will see a ladder in the mist. It leads to a wooden platform, above the path. There you will find a Kilon bird. You will mount the bird, and it will take you to wherever Teltibane happens to be at that moment."
	"So I need to climb over the mountain, get to the path, face the challenges, and find the ladder." 
	"If only it would be so simple. This is where it gets tricky. These mountains are over forty-thousand feet high. Taller than any mountain on Earth. The only time that you would have a hope of scaling them would be in late summer, when the ice sheets aren't as thick as usual. And even then you would need to be an expert mountain climber to make it across."
	"So what should I do? Are you telling me that it is impossible?"
	Greybeard laughed. "No, not impossible, if it's a dwarf who is giving yah yer directions that is! We dwarves know of an ancient mine that passes under ole' tunga Nenw."
	"And this mine is clear of danger?"
	"'Course not. It is filled with every sort of foul, rotten creature imaginable. But did that ever stop a true adventurous spirit? No siree!"
	Andrew leaned back in his chair, taking it all in. It was definitely hard. And it was very dangerous, as Greybeard said. He could just quit looking for the maker of the book, and find another sorcerer to take him home. But then he would always remain with questions. He had to see Teltibane, and find out what this was all about.
	"You know. I might be able to use a companion on this adventure. I will also need someone to help me subdue Teltibane when we meet up with him. I need to put an end to this, before more mortal children are lured here."
	Greybeard leaned in closer. "Are ye serious?! You mean that you want me to accompany you?"
	Andrew mistook Greybeard's excited tone for one of incredulousness. "Well, if you don't want to..." he mumbled.
	"Of course I want ta!" boomed Greybeard. "Ganvian Greybeard, S.M.A, at yer service! When do we begin?"
	"S.M.A.?"
	"All you mortals have fancy titles and honorifics, so I made one for myself. S.M.A., Supreme Master of Adventure. You can only obtain this degree in the University of the Wild, not in any brick and mortar institution, I'm afraid."
	
	The adventurers agreed to set off without delay the very next day. Greybeard had a horse, and he bought another one for Andrew for their journey to the Dumvarin mountains. Andrew protested, not knowing how he would be able to pay him back. But Greybeard said that the opportunity to go on an adventure through the ancient Nenw mines was more than enough repayment for him.
	They loaded sacks with supplies and dry fruit and vegetables. Greybeard complained about the lack of meat in the village. They also carried weapons. Andrew took his trusty katana, and Greybeard packed a long, broad, double-edged sword that he would wield in one hand, leaving the other free to hold a round leather shield. He also packed a bow and arrows.
	They purchased two ever-burning torches from the magic shop. 
	Bella would be left behind, in the care of Yoar. It would be hard for Andrew to care for her on the road and in the mines.
	Morning came, and with it the time for Andrew to say farewell to Jonah and his family. "Thank you for taking me in. It was very kind of you." 
	Jonah grinned. "You have repaid our kindness ten-fold. Thanks to you, our crops were saved."
	Andrew turned towards Yelenta. "Thank you for your hospitality," He turned toward Yoar, who held out his hand to shake, like a human. 
	"You're turning into a real human." Andrew tousled Yoar's hair. "You're just missing the laser beam eyes."
	Yoar laughed and remembered his old nave beliefs about mortals.
	"And remember Yoar" Andrew began.
	But Yoar beat him to it. "First you must read your opponent. The key to beating him, is understanding him." 
	"And Andrew, you remember the difference between" 
	"the spell words Carlon and Carlome. Carlon turns your hair purple, and Carlome grows a temporary extra finger." 
	Andrew hugged Yoar, and then Yelenta and Jonah. He mounted his horse. "Good bye, and take good care of Bella."
	Then the neighbors came out of their house. "Oh, he's going," said the husband. "Thank God. Since the devil arrived my inn has been doing very slow business."
	"Yes, it is good that this ill omen will finally be removed from upon us," said his wife.
	"Don't listen to them Andrew," said Jonah. "They are uneducated boors. They don't even know what America is!"
	Andrew smiled. "It's all right. I forgive their ignorance. They should be blessed."
	"Bye," said Yelenta. "Be safe."
	"May God ever guide you," Jonah said.
	Yoar waved. "Have a good time on your adventure!"	
	And Andrew was off. Off to find adventure, like he always knew he would.
	
	Andrew rode out to meet Greybeard, who was waiting at the western edge of town. They made a quick check of their supplies, and set out.
	"We're close to the border between Green's Realm and the Realm of the Light," said Greybeard. "The Dumvarin mountains are located in a roughly north western direction."
	"How far is it?" 
	"I would say about a day and a half's ride. Maybe a bit longer."
	They set out. The road that led towards the eastern boarder of the Realm of the Light was much more traveled than the path that Andrew, Katy, Marius and Meegle had followed through the uninhabited rainforest. They encountered many other travelers, some who knew the famous and traveled adventurer Greybeard.
	On the road, Greybeard reveled Andrew with colorful tales of his many adventures and exploits. They were from all parts of the Color Realms, and beyond. Several even took place on Earth.   
	They passed over the border and into the Realm of the Light early the next day. Before long, the Dumvarin Mountains appeared on the horizon. They were tall and imposing, peaks reaching up into the sky like five needles in a pentagon formation.
	"Nenw, Teld, Ronvar, Hirnut, and Mogworth. Aren't they beautiful," said Greybeard.
	Miles above sea level the mountains rose, as if they were trying to pierce the very heavens.
	"Imagine the Nenw mines. Stretching for miles and miles, with a great many levels. What a sight it must've been in its heyday, when the great Tharangur King ruled over the dwarves from the Icy Peaks in the south, till the Red Mountains in the north. Before the dwarves were torn apart by war" Greybeard rambled on about the glory of the dwarves of yesteryear, united under the banner of the Golden Anvil. When gold, silver, and other precious metals were as plentiful to the dwarves as the drops of water in the sea.
	By evening, the travelers had come to within a few miles of the foot of the eastern mountain, Nenw. They made camp for the night, leaving the search for the entrance of the forgotten mines for the next day.



Chapter Fourteen

	The next morning the adventurers rose early and had a breakfast of tasteless, dried vegetables. 
	They soon reached the foot of Nenw mountain, and began the search for the entrance to the ancient mines. 
	They rode along the base of the mountain at a slow walk for two hours, searching for anything that might resemble an entrance. But all they saw was smooth, bare stone.
	Then they passed a clump of pine trees.
	Andrew stopped. "Don't these trees seem a bit out of place? There are no other trees growing around the base of the mountain."
	"You're right," said Greybeard. "They may be hiding something. We should search behind them."
	They rode through the pine trees towards the mountain. Sure enough, the trees were hiding a dwarf-made passage that cut deep into Nenw.
	"The horses won't make it through the dark mines," said Greybeard. "We should abandon them."
	They took their packs from the horses and set them free. They followed the stone passageway for about five hundred feet. The stone rose steadily higher on either side of them. Andrew looked up. The sky was now a thin sliver from his perspective. 
	At about five hundred feet they reached a large, iron door. It was covered with writing in a strange lettering system. It appeared to Andrew like a cross between Egyptian-style hieroglyphics, and another archaic alphabet.
	Andrew pushed at the door. It was locked.
	Set in the stone wall next to it was a cluster of three rusty metal wheels, forming the shape of a triangle. There were also two metal levers protruding from the side of the mountain, adjacent to the wheels.
	Greybeard studied the writing. "This is ancient Dwarvish. I think it's a code. The dwarves of the Nenw mines protected themselves from invading outsiders. There are a total of nine riddles inscribed here. The wheels must be turned and the levers pulled in correct sequence, nine times. The riddles' solutions will tell one how many times to turn each wheel, and when to pull the levers. It is quite ingenious. Only one with sound knowledge of dwarfish history and lore, and not to mention language, will be able to crack the code and open this door. All outsiders are locked out."
	"Only dwarves can crack the riddle?" Andrew asked. 
	"Yes. Little did Tharangur's dwarves know that it would be their own brother dwarves who would betray them in the end," said Greybeard bitterly.
	"You can really read that?" Andrew asked.	
	"The dialect is very old. But then again, so am I"
	Greybeard set to work on the puzzles of the iron door while Andrew watched. He solved the first riddle fairly quickly, turning the top wheel once, then the right wheel six and a half times, followed by the left one four times, before pulling both levers simultaneously. The numbers and sequence he learnt from the solutions of the riddles.	
	The next two went by equally as quick. The fourth took somewhat longer to figure out, about twenty minutes. The fifth and sixth riddles took about ten minutes apiece.
	Greybeard muttered as he worked, and Andrew caught snippets of sentences. "Number of wives of Thelgorin... amount of levels in the lower Black Mines... iron rings of Fordlun the third..." and so on, all about ancient Dwarvish lore, myth, and legend.
	The seventh riddle had Greybeard stumped. It was a full hour and a half before he finally cracked it, and was able manipulate the wheels and levers in proper sequence.
	"I'm already glad that I asked you to come, Greybeard," Andrew said. "Without you, I could spend hundreds of years here trying to break the code, and I would still be no closer to cracking it."
	Greybeard smiled.
	The eighth riddle went by quickly. It was the number of stones on Tharangur's crown, then the daughters of Bulnark the Third, followed by the number of heads on Mistaan, the dragon that Kelnas Hero slayed.
	The ninth, and final riddle took half an hour for Greybeard to solve.
	And finally, with the number of elf-princes murdered by Renglas the Banditfour and a half, since one was only half elfGreybeard rotated the last of the rotations in the code. "Now we shall finally see if I was right, or if I will need to start all over again from the very beginning."
	He pulled the right lever, then the left one. There was a rumbling sound, as the machinery behind the wall clanked into place. The grinding sound lasted a full thirty seconds. It was followed by an audible 'click', as the bolt behind the iron door swung back. They were in. 
	"All right!" said Andrew. "I think we may need to add onto your name, Greybeard."
	"Add onto my name? Wha' for?"   
	"Ganvian Greybeard, S.M.A., H.D.L.L. Supreme Master of Adventure, High Dwarvish Lore Lord."
	Greybeard grinned. "That sounds all right. But there are dwarves who know five times what I do in these subjects. Perhaps we should add somethin', but change it to L.D.L.L., Low Dwarvish Lore Lord."
	They both laughed, and the tension of entering the treacherous mines was eased somewhat.
	
	Andrew swung open the door. He was greeted with a gloomy darkness.
	"Well c'mon," said Greybeard. They lit their torches, and entered. 
	The way ahead was a small stone passage that sloped ever downwards, leading deep into the bowels of the mountain. The mines had an air of abandonment and decay to them. Cracked candle holders littered the passageway. 
	They had walked about a thousand feet, when they encountered three more doors. 
	Greybeard read the ancient writing. "The one on the left is what we need."
	They followed the left most passageway. It twisted its way through the heart of the mountain. They passed by many doors. 
	They encountered bones from the dwarves of Tharangur's times wherever they went. The flickering torchlight cast an eerie glow onto the grinning skeletons.
	The many tunnels that snaked their way into the great mountain had Andrew thinking of anthills. Huge anthills, were tremendous ants thrived.
	He imagined what it must have been like in its glory days, when thousands upon thousands of busy dwarves bustled about the lit tunnels, carrying loads of metal and ore. All working in tandem, like a giant ant colony, to mine the ore and fashion items from the metal.
	"Tharangur ruled many mines," said Greybeard, breaking the silence. "But Nenw Mine in its glory was one of his crown jewels. One of its main products was silver. It is said that at the height of their existence, the Nenw mines produced fifty-five heaping cartloads of silver each and every day."
	They forged on, and Greybeard continued to read the old dwarfish signs that were stamped onto brass plates and affixed to the walls by the light of his torch. Although many of them were rubbed out and not readable, while many others were missing completely. 
	
	"Soon we must cross over to another passageway," said Greybeard.
	They came to a door that was slightly larger than the rest.
	"This is the one. We must pass through this room." Greybeard pushed the door. It didn't budge. He put his shoulder to it, and pushed harder. The door moved half an inch.
	"Come on Andrew, help me out."
	Andrew put his shoulder to the door, and together they pushed with all of their might. It moved a little... then gave way completely. They tumbled into the room. 
	The amount of skeletons that greeted Andrew's eyes was staggering. Tens and tens of the eerie things were strewn throughout the room. Many were piled atop one another. 
	The room itself was quite large. There were lots of anvils and forges scattered around the area. So this was where they would work the metal.
	"Looks like there was a fierce battle here," said Andrew.
	There were bits and pieces of unshaped metal still on the anvils and forges. "Yes, and it took them without warning," said Greybeard. "A day like any other. Tharangur's dwarves were working the metal like they always would, when the invasion was thrust upon them. They were unprepared, and unwarned."
	Andrew spied smith hammers in the hands of many of the dead dwarves. "The dwarves of Nenw weren't even armed. They fought back with whatever was on hand."	
	All in all, it was a dreary and disheartening scene. The dwarves of the Nenw mines invaded by their own brother dwarves. A desperate battle that had been won by no one, save Death himself.
	They crossed through the room. Andrew tried not to trod on the bones strewn about, but it was all but impossible.
	Suddenly, they heard a clattering sound coming from the corner, behind a large anvil.
	Greybeard drew his sword. "It might be ulthars!" he whispered. Andrew's heart beat a little faster...
	They tiptoed towards the source of the sound. Greybeard crept up to the anvil and eased around the corner. Then he sprang out from the other side, sword drawn, ready to battle the ulthar to the death.
	But there was no ulthar, only some small, brown, furry creatures. They had three eyes on the corners of their triangular shaped faces, and a mouth at their neck. They were slightly larger than squirrels, and were nibbling on some bones.
	"Nivla," spat Greybeard. "They will eat anything. Wood, bone. They are even known to nibble on stone. Shoo! Go find some nivla bones to chew on, and leave my brothers in peace!"
	The creatures scampered off into the shadows.
	
	They exited the forge room, and entered yet another drab stone hallway. They walked for a while through the musty, dreary passages. At length they reached a cluster of five doors, arranged in a semi-circle.
	Greybeard read the dwarvish inscriptions. He stopped by the fourth one. "En Banden Krunaiv Nel. The Prince's Dining Hall. This should lead to the south-western portion of the mines, which will eventually lead to an exit near the path of Nenw. With any luck, we'll make it out of here without an ulthar encounter. Come on, let's go!"
	They entered the room. The torch light showed a large cavern, with a magnificent arched ceiling. 
	Andrew looked around . There were two rows of stone pillars which reached up to the roof. They were carved into statues of dwarves in battle poses, and inlaid with jewels. They had become deformed over the years, and most of the jewels had been pried off and taken by the pillaging ulthars.
	Greybeard stared. "Wow. Few mines today can rival what this once was for size and beauty. But her very beauty had a hand in her downfall."
	"How so?" Andrew asked. 
	"Jealousy can be a powerful motivator."
	There was a large table in the center of the room. It was cracked down the middle. Bones and silverware lay strewn about.
	Two regal silver chairs sat empty at the head of the table, attached to the floor and thereby safe from the plunder of the ulthars. There were many wooden chairs lying about, some of which showed signs of gnawing by the pesky nivla.
	"Greybeard, are you surprised that we haven't met any ulthars yet?" Andrew asked. 
	"I have been leading us through the upper regions of the mines, in the hope of avoiding the ulthars entirely. They much prefer the lower levels. Even in the times of Tharangur King, there was always an ulthar presence in the very deepest parts of the mines. The ulthars first arose from Darkness, eons ago, and it is darkness that they are still drawn to, to this day."
	
	They left the prince's hall behind them, and entered a short hallway which opened right away into a tremendous cavern. Light emanated from the very depths of the huge void.
	"Light means fire, and fire means ulthars," Greybeard whispered. "We had best extinguish our torches as we proceed. We must also be quiet, if we hope to pass unnoticed. Like wraiths."
	The cavern was crisscrossed by many stone bridges. "A bridge for every level," said Greybeard.
	Andrew saw one stone bridge above them, and many more below. They were on the second level of the mines.
	Andrew and Greybeard crept out onto the stone bridge. Ulthar-like noises floated up from the depths to reach Andrew's ears. Crazed laughter. High pitched screams, like someone being tortured. The sounds echoed off the cavern walls so that it sounded like a whole chorus of screaming ulthars. 
	A shiver ran up Andrew's spine. It was quite unnerving, to say the least.
	They were almost at the midway point, when Greybeard froze. "Ulthars."
	Andrew looked down, and saw through the darkness a band of creatures proceeding along the bridge of the fourth level, two levels below. His first ulthars.
	They were some of the most misshapen, foul looking things that Andrew had ever seen. Their green-yellow skin was mottled and scarred. They walked hunched over, long arms nearly touching the floor. Some even scampered along on all fours, like animals.
	They were misshapen. Some with extra limbs or facial features, other missing. No two looked alike, each deformed in its own unique way.
	The company passed by below. Andrew breathed a sigh of relief that they hadn't been noticed.
	The adventurers passed over the remainder of the stone bridge and exited the huge cavern, leaving the ulthars and their screams behind, hopefully for good.
	We should make camp for the night, said Greybeard.
	Okay, Andrew said.
	They slept on the stone floor with their packs as pillows.
	In middle of the night, Andrew felt something pushing against his chest. He woke with a start, to find the point of Greybeards sword against his chest.
	Im sorry Andrew, Greybeard said. But I need your blood, mortal blood, to open a chest that contains an ancient, valuable relic.
	Wha, what do you mean, Andrew sputtered. What about the quest? What about finding Teltibane?
	Andrew, Greybeard said. It is time to die.
	How can you betray me like this? Andrew asked. I trusted you to help me on my journey.
	Then Andrew noticed a blue gleam coming from around Greybeards neck.
	Whats that on your neck? Andrew asked.
	Its a necklace. I found it in the next room a few minutes ago, Greybeard answered.
	Greybeard, dont you see? The necklace is cursed. Thats whats giving you the motivation to kill me. Please, take it off. You are not yourself with it on.
	For a moment Andrew saw a glimpse of the old Greybeard, the loyal Greybeard, in the dwarfs eyes. He reached for his neck. Slowly, ever so slowly, closer and closer. Greybeards hand shook. It was getting more and more difficult for him to move his hand closer to the necklace. The necklace didnt want to be removed. It fought back.
	I, I cant, Greybeard said. Then the necklace constricted around his neck. I will die if I try to take it off.
	Hold on Greybeard, let me help you, Andrew said. 
	Andrew grabbed his katana and slipped the blade under the necklace. Then he pulled, slicing the string. Eight blue gems cascaded towards the ground.
	Greybeard dropped his sword, and fell to his knees, gasping for breath. The curse was broken.
	Is there really a chest that contains an ancient relic here, one that needs a mortals blood to open? Andrew asked.
	Aye there is, Greybeard answered. That was one of the reasons I agreed to come on this quest. To find this relic. Let me show you, its not far from here.
	They walked for a couple of minutes through the mines, until they reached a large iron chest, engraved with dwarvish writing.
	I dont know how much blood is required thought, Greybeard said. May I prick your arm and get a little blood from you? Perhaps that will suffice.
	Okay, Andrew said.
	Andrew held out his arm, and Greybeard made a small incision. Droplets of blood dripped onto the top of the chest.
	They waited a minute, and then tried to open it. But it was stuck firmly shut.
	They Greybeard examined the writing on the chest.
	Yes, it says that the mortal must be killed for it to work.
	Andrew drew his sword. If it was his blood the dwarf was after, he would need a fight to get it.
	The necklace brought out the worst in me, Greybeard said. But I would not commit murder just for this relic. You can sheath your sword, Andrew.
	Andrew breathed a sigh of relief and sheathed the katana. They returned to their packs and went back to sleep, the ordeal of the necklace over.
	


Chapter Fifteen

	Andrew and Greybeard woke a few hours later. They forged ahead through the spooky mines, with the dwarf leading the way through the massive labyrinth, always favoring the upper levels.
	They walked for miles in the dark, lifeless passageways. Andrew felt the gloom creep up on him, trying to draw him down to despair. But Greybeard didn't seem affected.
	"Aren't the dark, drab stone passageways depressing?" Andrew asked.
	"Miner's gloom. It should be affecting you. Only affects Men though. It is in the genes of us dwarves to live under the mountains. They are our natural habitat. Even though I myself am not a mountain dwarf, nor is my family, we still have within us the innate resistance to the gloom of the mines that every dwarf has."
	They continued on, with Andrew wishing that they were out already.
	
	At length Greybeard halted. "We are nearly there. Here, we must go through this room. It will lead us to the exit and the path of Nenw."
	The entrance to the room had a large plaque made of pure gold affixed to its elaborately carved double doors.
	Greybeard swung the doors open. The dazzling sight that greeted Andrew's eyes nearly blinded him. Piled in two great mounds that reached nearly to the high ceiling were heaps and heaps of treasure. There were gold coins by the mountain full, and heaps of silver cups inlaid with diamonds and rubies. Platinum swords gleaming with emeralds, and golden coats of mail. And more, much more. It was a King's ransom, if there ever was one.
	Andrew looked up. There were mirrors on the ceiling that reflected back the glittering treasure, making it seem like even more than it was. "W-what's all this treasure? What's it doing here?"
	"I'm not sure. Let me read the plaque..."
	Andrew looked at Greybeard cautiously. "Perhaps we can take some with us." He was unsure if Greybeard would consider this to be stealing from his deceased dwarf brothers.
	Greybeard gave Andrew a look. He gulped. His eye caught the hilt of Greybeard's broadsword. This was not the time and place to pick a fight with an experienced warrior.
	"Of course if you don't think we should" 
	"It's not that. It's the plaque," Greybeard said.
	"What does it say?"	
	"It reads, 'nardle gulnvar sanqul zung nal all'. Which means; 'greedy beware, cursed treasure lies here'."
	"Oh, I see."
	Andrew took another look into the room. He could make out the bones of numerous skeletons strewn throughout the piles. Victims of the cursed treasure.
	"Don't touch a thing, or we're doomed," said Greybeard. "The treasure will kill us."
	"Is there any way around this room?"
	"Yes, but it will takes us many miles out of our way, and probably lead to the ulthars' lair as well. This is the shortest and safest route, provided we don't disturb the treasure. Let's go." 
	A narrow path carved its way through the two mounds to the door on the other side.
	They started out into the room, being careful not to disturb the treasure items piled on either side of them, not to awaken the slumbering beast. They were forced to walk sideways much of the time, for the way was quite narrow.
	Andrew was sorely tempted to reach out and grab something. Just one diamond studded crown would make him fabulously wealthy. But he forced himself to hold back. To touch the cursed treasure would mean sure death.
	They were about two thirds of the way towards the exit, when it happened. Andrew's elbow brushed a gold coin, ever so softly.
	He watched, entranced and in horror, as the coin tumbled to the floor, turning end over end. He couldn't seem to tear his eyes away from it. It struck the floor, and bounced upward....
	"Run!!" roared Greybeard.
	Andrew tore his eyes away from the coin. They made a dash for the exit. The mountains on either side of them were shifting. Andrew ran like his life depended on it. Which it did.
	The cursed treasure came alive, as if roused from the dead. A rope of silver coins and sapphire rings lashed out to trip Andrew. He took a running jump, and cleared it. 
	He drew his sword. It looked as if they might need to fight their way out. 
	Another rope lashed out at Andrew to ensnare him. He slashed without breaking stride. The rope shattered into hundreds of shiny pieces.
	They ran deeper into the room.
	Then a huge hand took form from within the main pile. Its arm and hand were made of platinum armor, its fingers of golden goblets.
	The monstrous hand grabbed Greybeard's coat from behind. "Aaargh!" 
	It dragged him back, pulling him into the pile. The treasure would suffocate him!
	"Andrew, do something!"
	Andrew hacked desperately at the arm with his katana. But it was just too thick. He wasn't getting anywhere. And Greybeard was only being dragged deeper and deeper into the mountains of treasure. Would this be the final parting of two friends?
	He looked around in desperation for anything that might help. There, what was that? He spied a spear, with a long, curved golden blade at its end, half buried in the piles of gold.
	Andrew struggled to lift it. It was immensely heavy, due to the copious amount of gold on its tip.
	"Andrew, hurry." came Greybeard's muffled voice. He was mostly buried by now.
	He strained his muscles. With considerable effort, he slowly managed to raise the spear high above his head. He brought the blade down hard onto the monstrous arm. Andrew's strength, combined with the inertia of the heavy gold spear, managed to cut through half of the platinum arm. He strained once more, and sliced, and the monstrous arm was cut in two. 
	The part that was now chopped off of the main pile shattered, pieces cascading to the floor. Its life force was drawn from within the pile. Disconnected, it was lifeless once more.
	The cursed treasure let out a roar of pain. 
	"Thanks," said Greybeard.
	Andrew helped him up. "Quick, there is no time! We can still make it, if we run faster!"
	Greybeard got up, and they resumed their desperate sprint for safety.
	Ahead of them a warrior made of emerald bracelets and diamond tiaras was taking shape. 
	"Look out!" 
	 Greybeard drew his broad sword and stabbed it through the chest. It collapsed into a lifeless heap.	
	But it wasn't the worst of their worries. "The mounds are becoming unstable! We'll be crushed, and buried alive!" yelled Greybeard. The collapse of the piles was imminent. 
	'We might die here, but at least our tomb will be nicer than King Tut's' Andrew thought wryly. 
	They sprinted the last few yards to the door, just as the mounds fell. They reached the exit, right when the treasure came cascading down all around them, with a tremendous crashing sound that shook the mountain, and reverberated throughout the mines.
	The adventurers shot out of the door and quickly slammed it behind them, locking the cursed gold within. 
	Andrew was panting. "That was too close. Usually we want gold for our collection. Here though, it was the gold that wanted us, to add to its skeleton collection."
	Greybeard wiped his brow. He was as energetic as always. "Good point, Andrew. We have no time to rest. The ulthars will be onto us. They will surely have heard that tremendous crash. So much for sneaking through the mines undetected. We need to make a run for the exit. It shouldn't be far now. Keep your sword unsheathed, and follow me."



Chapter Sixteen

	They ran. They were now in a large passageway three levels high. 
	Andrew heard faint hissing noises coming from behind them. Ulthars were emerging from the shadows, and solidifying from the darkness. They were aware of them, alerted by the deafening noise of the collapsing mountains of treasure. Would they attack?
	The hissing got louder. Andrew could now make out a few words. 'Stealers', 'Treasure', 'Gold'. The eerie sounds sent shivers up his spine.
	The passageway opened into another immense cavern. The floor of this huge cave was in the depths of the mines. It was like a huge air bubble inside the mountain.
	Andrew could see in the wavy torchlight a long bridge made of wooden planks and steel cable, stretching from one side of the cavern to the other. It was supported by two thick ropes which were tied to the middle of the bridge and the cavern ceiling.
	"Over the bridge!" Greybeard shouted.	
	They made a run for the bridge, an ever growing army of ulthars in hot pursuit.
	The hissing sounds joined with maniacal laughter and shouting.
	"Stealers!" shouted one. "Robbers!" shouted another. "They have come to take what is ours! Come to take our treasure! We shall feed them, to the Urka!" 
	"The Urka!" shouted all of the ulthars as one.
	They banged their weapons on their shields menacingly, and advanced.
	"What's the Urka?" Andrew asked. 
	"Terrible beast. Dwells in the depths of the deep." 
	Two grotesque ulthars dropped down in front of them from out of nowhere. One carried a sinister looking knife, the other, a mace.
	"Should we keep them alive? The Urka likes to play with his meat," said the mace carrier.
	"No. Kill them," rasped the other.
	The ulthars advanced.
	Andrew took on the one with the mace. The ulthar took a wide swing. Andrew ducked, then immediately straightened up as it passed while bringing his katana down on the shaft. The balance and sharpness of the katana was such that it cut the longer weapon completely in two. The sharp, spiky head bounced on the stone and rolled away.
	But the ulthar wasn't disarmed yet. He stabbed Andrew in the leg with the splintered end of the broken mace handle. Andrew grimaced in pain. His pant leg darkened with blood. 
	The ulthar struck again. Andrew parried and counter struck, hitting home.
	The other ulthar made a lunge at Greybeard with his razor sharp knife. Greybeard blocked it with his shield and delivered a swift cut to the head with his broadsword. Black blood spewed from the ulthar's gaping wound, as he sank to the ground in defeat.
	"Are yeh hurt Andrew?" Greybeard asked.
	"It doesn't matter now. Let's go!" said Andrew. 
	They charged across the planks of the bridge, heading for daylight, and away from the madness of the mines. Andrew was slowed, and ran with a limp. Several of the demons were hot on their tale, the rest of the army, not far behind. And the ulthars were only gaining on them.
	The travelers made it over the bridge to the other side of the cavern. Most of the ulthars were by now halfway across. But Andrew understood that running any longer would be pointless. They would only catch them anyway, sooner or later.
	The adventurers turned to face the hideous ulthars. And then Greybeard did the unthinkable. He dropped his sword, to clatter on the ground. 
	"What?! You can't just give up! We have to fight! What are you doing?" Andrew protested.
	Greybeard looked at Andrew fiercely. "I never give up. There is only one weapon that can help us now." 
	Greybeard drew his bow, and prayed. "Help us, O Nelestar." 
	He drew back the string, and took careful aim. He knew that he would have but one chance.
	The arrow flew for the target. Miraculously, his aim was true. It sliced through one of the bridge's supporting ropes, some fifty yards away.
	The entire bridge lurched to the side, and most of the ulthars tumbled into the blackness, to their doom. Their shrieks followed them all the way down, and seemed to last forever. But a few managed to cling to the wooden slats, and climbed hand over hand along the lopsided bridge to the other side. 
	Greybeard took aim again for the remaining support rope. He fired, and missed. Several ulthars clambered over the side of the rocky ledge. Greybeard fired once more, and this time, he hit. The arrow severed the remaining rope. The entire bridge plunged into the depths, and with it much of the ulthar army.
	But seven gruesome ulthars did make it over. The adventurers were forced to take on multiple opponents at once.
	'This is it,' thought Andrew. 'This is what adventure is really all about. Not all nice and rosy, but rather terrifying, and cruel.' 
	Andrew battled three of the ulthars. One was grey and tall, and armed with a heavy spear. It took much of Andrew's strength just to defend against him. Another was a hunched, skinny, yellow ulthar who wielded three sharp knives in his three hands. Guarding against his dizzying attacks took considerable speed and agility. The third was armed with a curved sword, and kept Andrew on his toes with his advanced technique.
	The expression on all of the deformed ulthars' faces said one thing: deepest loathing.  
	"Where does their anger stem from?" Andrew asked. "What did ever we do to them?"	
	"That is there natural state," Greybeard replied. "It is borne of a deep rooted envy of those who have been touched by the Light."
	Andrew needed to choose which of the three to focus on. He decided to attack the knife wielder first, whilst simultaneously defending against the other two.
	Andrew aimed for the arms, the most extended, and therefore least protected part of the ulthar's body. It stabbed, and Andrew slashed, severing a hand. It feinted, and Andrew bit, slashing again. It struck at Andrew's forearm, opening a long cut there.
	The ulthar grinned evilly. "Hehehe." 
	Andrew knew that he needed to focus on the fight, and ignore the throbbing pain. Everything still worked. It just hurt like hell.
	They fought on, and Andrew managed to slice off the ulthar's two remaining arms. The handless ulthar ran off, three long trails of black blood following behind him. 
	Then Andrew elected to target the ulthar with the spear, while at the same time parrying the attacks of the swordsman.
	The ulthar thrust his spear at Andrew. "Die, son of Ruyoloth." 	
	Andrew sidestepped, and tried to counterstrike. But it brought back its spear in time to block it.
	The ulthar aimed his spear for Andrew's chest. He spun to avoid it, while at the same time bringing himself closer to the ulthar, and out of range of the longer spear. He cut at the ulthar's upper arm. It dropped the spear and fell to its knees, clutching at its painful wound. Andrew took its head off in one blow.
	One ulthar now remained. The swordsman. He was very skilled. Andrew couldn't seem to find a chink in his defenses. For every strike he attempted, the ulthar blocked and returned with a counterstrike of his own. The whole time it was snarling and hissing like an animal.
	Greybeard was still battling two ulthars of his own. "How yah farin' Andrew?"	
	"I can't seem to do anything to this swordsman!" said Andrew in frustration.	
	"He might be a lubra."
	"A what?"
	"A lubra! Try standing still."
	Andrew didn't know what it would help, but he did it anyway.
	Incredibly, the demon stopped attacking! He turned his head this way and that, as if confused.
	It seemed to Andrew that the ulthar's guard was down, so he lunged in, sword outstretched. Immediately, the ulthar sprang back to life and parried, as the fight resumed.
	Then Andrew took a closer look at the ulthar's face in the dim light and noticed something strange. In the place where its eyes should have been were only empty sockets, grey skin stretched over them. "He's blind, Greybeard! Relies on sound alone."
	"Exactly!" Greybeard said. "That's a lubra. Confuse him with stones!"
	Andrew grabbed some loose rocks and threw them all around the area. The ulthar jumped this way and that to the clattering sound of the rocks. Now his back was turned. This was Andrew's chance.
	Andrew made a lunge at the ulthar with his sword. But its super-tuned hearing detected him. It could even sense the faint rustle of Andrew's gi as it moved through the air.
	Andrew stopped fighting again, and took a step back. Once again the ulthar jumped about, listening intently, trying to detect his position. He waved his curved sword threateningly in the air as if to say 'come close and get a taste of this!' This time Andrew gathered up many more rocks and pebbles, and threw them in a high arc. They landed all over the place. He used the sound of the raining rocks as audio camouflage to hide his own noises, and crept up slowly on the ulthar from behind. 
	When Andrew was within striking distance, he raised his sword, and stabbed the ulthar through the back of the neck in one quick thrust. 
	It made a gurgling sound, and was still. Its body joined the other five carcasses of the dead ulthars around them.
	Greybeard, who was watching the last part of the fight, having deposed of his opponents beforehand, applauded. "Bravo Andrew!"
	Andrew smiled weakly. He was losing blood. 
	Greybeard clapped Andrew on the back. "That was some good fightin'. Not bad, for a firs'-timer. And those old lubra being devilishly hard to beat an' all. Ah, nothin' like a good ulthar battle to get the ole' heart pumpin'"
	"Or, to get the young one stabbed through," muttered Andrew.
	He thought that Greybeard had the air of a man who had just gone to see the circus. Not one who had just battled four ulthars to the death. But that was Greybeard. He thrived on it.
	"Oh, you're wounded!" said Greybeard. "Let me help you with that."
	Andrew sat on the stone floor. Greybeard rolled up his pant leg to expose the gash.
	"He missed the major artery, luckily. I'll get somethin' from my sack to clean it, we'll tie a strip of my shirt around it, and be on our way."
	"Will it be fine?" Andrew asked.
	"Yes, trust me Andrew. I've seen thousands of battle induced injuries over my career. Experience tells me that it will be okay. The wooden end of that mace handle was not all that sharp."
	The dwarf applied an ointment onto the wound, tore off a strip of his shirt and tied a makeshift bandage.
	Andrew stood.
	"How does it feel."
	"It feels okay."
	"Good. Try walkin' a bit."
	Andrew walked a few feet. "It's okay. My leg is supporting me well, and the pain has lessened."
	"Good. We should keep on moving. The exit should be near now, according to the signs I've been readin'. Let's get out of this place."




Chapter Seventeen

	They exited the rope bridge cavern. Soon they reached a spiral staircase that led up and down from the level they were on.
	"Up we go, to the exit," said Greybeard.
	They began to climb.
	"Who is Nelestar?" Andrew asked. 
	"Nelestar is the Elf God of the hunt, Master of the Bow. But you should know, that it is quite rare for a dwarf to use a bow. And rarer still, for him to be skilled with one. And for a dwarf to pray to the Elven Gods is practically unheard of. But I once did a great service for the Elf Lord Hirtez, whose beloved only daughter Minthas was captured by a pack of werewolves. After I returned her to him, I was a guest in his house for a while. There, some of the ways of elves rubbed off on me. Me' father is probably turning over in his grave now, seeing his son use a bow and invoke the Elf Tirengilen."
	"Katy was good with a bow," said Andrew, remembering the time when they went to an archery range together. But reminding himself of Katy only opened old wounds anew. Prisoner of Blue. The image of her horrified face, frozen in his mind. Andrew tried to think happier thoughts, before he got lost in despair.
	The steps went on and on, on the way out of the deep mines. Periodically they came across a painting of a dwarf, usually decked out in dazzling armor, in a fierce battle pose. Though many were ripped and torn in places.
	"They are the old rulers of the Nenw mines," said Greybeard. "There is Tharus Iron beard. And that's Prince Dulsap the Dumb."
	"They called him 'the Dumb'? To his face?" Andrew asked.
	"He didn't even know what it meant, and took it as a compliment. The only things that he did know was food, and how to remove a man's head from his shoulders in battle. And at that, he was quite good. We all have our strengths."
	Andrew laughed.
	
	At length they reached the top of the stairs, and finally, the exit of the dark, musty mines. A cool breeze hit their faces. It was dark outside. The scant moonlight showed that they were on a walkway that was carved into the side of Nenw.
	"Let's make camp and rest, and tomorrow try to find the Kilon bird," said Andrew. 
	Greybeard let out a big yawn. "Good idea."
	It was exhilarating to have made it through the gloomy mines, but the journey was far from over. Though Andrew did feel some pride over defeating the ulthars go through him. Perhaps it was just luck, but it felt good anyway. Though he didn't allow himself to get overconfident. Pride can be a warriors worst enemy.
	They had a meal of dried fruit, and lay on the path to sleep, using their packs as pillows. 
	"Just a couple of weeks ago, I could only fall asleep in my own comfortable bed. Now, I can sleep anywhere," Andrew reflected.
	"Men are adaptable. Good night." And soon, Greybeard's loud snores could be heard echoing through the valley. Andrew closed his eyes, and followed suit.
	
	The next day, Andrew was happy to finally see the glorious shining sun. It bolstered his spirits. It had never looked so good, so beautiful. "Amazing what a little sunlight can do for your mood."
	They set off down the path, and soon came to more steps. They climbed them for another couple of thousand feet, where it leveled off once again.
	"I think we are on the path to Teltibane now," said Greybeard. "We should be around twenty five hundred feet high by now, on the western side of Nenw. This will lead to the Kilon that will take you to Teltibane."
	The very sound of Teltibane's name boiled Andrew's blood. Murderer.
	They walked on, taking in the brilliant view that the five majestic mountains soaring around them afforded. The air was crisp, and a little cool, with a strong mountain breeze. Good weather for a hike.
	"Be on your toes," cautioned Greybeard. "There should be obstacles to face. To get to meet Teltibane, you must earn it, with courage and valor."
	But they walked for a while without meeting any obstacles of any kind. 
	
	Then they rounded a bend, and there before them was a raging fire, blocking the way. They approached it and could feel the heat on their faces.
	The flames were at least eight feet high. And there was no visible way around them.
	"Maybe Teltibane really is God. To meet him, you must first die," Andrew joked.
	"There has to be a way," muttered Greybeard. He stared intently at the fire. "Don't you think it's strange, that there is a strong breeze, yet the flames reach straight up, without wavering in the wind?"	
	"Okay," said Andrew slowly. He wasn't sure where Greybeard was going with this.
	"And even stranger, this fire has no fuel. It burns on bare stone."
	"Maybe it's a magical fire, and it doesn't need fuel."	
	"Perhaps. But I think that this fire is just an illusion, created by sorcery. Yes, I have seen this kind of false fire before."
	"So nothing will happen to us if we go through?"	
	"It will burn like real fire for a few seconds. And then the illusion will be broken. This must be a test of your courage." 
	"Okay," said Andrew. Whatever Greybeard said, it looked like real fire to him. "Um, since you figured it out, do you want to go first?"
	"You must go first, Andrew. The challenges are made for you. If you see me pass through unharmed, now that would hardly be a challenge, would it? And if you don't pass the challenges, you will see nothing in the mist."
	"You are absolutely positive that it's an illusion?" 
	"No. I am merely nearly positive. Of course that is not going to help you, if it turns out that I am wrong. We can turn back, if you want. No one is forcing you to do this."
	Andrew looked at the crackling flames. He felt the heat on his skin. He imagined burning to a crisp, here on a mountainside in the middle of the Color Realms, so far from home. His parents would never even get the body. Or he could just turn, just run away from this crazy challenge, this mad journey. Try to get home another way.
	"I'll do it," said Andrew. "For Katy."
	Andrew steeled himself, and walked right into the raging fire.
	The flames engulfed Andrew. It burned, oh did it burn. He felt the pain in every nerve of his body. Excruciating, horrible pain. He couldn't bear it. He screamed, and turned back around, ready to leave it behind, and to give up on the journey entirely. 
	But no, he couldn't. He had to do this, for Katy. He needed to rescue her from the clutches of King Blue. And he needed to put an end to Teltibane's evil ways.
	And then, the pain subsided. Instead of the burning flames of moments ago, there was only a faint tickling sensation on Andrew's skin. So Greybeard was right, thankfully. It was merely an illusion. 
	Andrew walked another few feet, and turned around. Behind him was the wall of flames, like before. He had made it through. Because of Katy. Katy had given him the courage that he needed, to face down this challenge.
	Greybeard emerged from the fire a few seconds later, carrying their packs.
	"I nearly gave up," said Andrew. "It was so painful, I was ready to go back."
	"And what made you stay?" 
	"I thought of Katy and her predicament, and she made me stay," 
	"Exactly Andrew. Your friends give you courage, and strength. Never forget that. Take it from an ancient dwarf, who has lived more years than he has wrinkles on his skin."
	They walked further along the flat, cut, mountainside path, the magnificent Dumvarin Mountains soaring towards the skies all around them.
	Forty-five minutes later the path widened considerably. Before them was a great cloudy mist, encompassing the entire path.
	"That's funny," said Greybeard. "I thought that there would be many more obstacles before we made it to the end. That's what my friend Lunver told me. Anyway, we need to enter the mist, and you must find the ladder."
	They walked into the mist. The thick fog enshrouded them, causing Greybeard to go practically blind. But Andrew, the rightful bearer of the rainbow card, could still see a bit. They advanced slowly, warily. The fog could be hiding anything.
	They had gone about thirty feet, when a tall, shadowy swordsmen appeared in front of Andrew, his outline blurred.
	He drew his sword. But Greybeard just kept on walking, right at the swordsman.
	"Greybeard, stop!" yelled Andrew. "Can't you see him?"
	"See what? I can't see nuthin'." said Greybeard.
	"There is a swordsman there, you are walking right into him!"	
	"Oh. It must be another challenge. I should leave the mist for now, until it's over. Good luck Andrew."
	Greybeard left.
	The blurred swordsman advanced, and struck. He too wielded a Japanese katana sword, just like Andrew.
	Andrew parried. But before he could counter, the figure struck again. And again. Never allowing Andrew any room to go on the offensive.
	The swordsman slashed to the left, to the right, back to the left, and back again, forcing him off balance.
	Then, after several minutes of fighting, the figure suddenly disappeared into the mist. Andrew breathed a sigh of relief. The fight was over, and the challenge overcome. He was about to call Greybeard when....
	Andrew heard the slightest noise behind him. He whirled around just in time to block a deadly overhand strike from the swordsman. So it wasn't over. The fight resumed, with the swordsman's great speed always keeping Andrew on the defensive.
	The same thing happened several more times. The swordsman would sink into the mist, only to reappear from another direction. This forced Andrew off balance even more.
	Andrew realized that the time between the disappearing and reappearing of the figure was getting shorter and shorter. Soon, it would be impossible to block the his strikes. Reflexes have their limits.
	And as the fight went on, Andrew was only getting more and more tired and worn out. Which affected his reaction time adversely.
	They fought on. The smoky figure was now in front and to the right of Andrew. Andrew blocked a strike. Then the figure disappeared, and reappeared almost immediately, behind him. By the time Andrew could turn around, the figure's sword would already be most of the way towards his neck.
	It was over. The strike was impossible to block. 
	Andrew prepared to die. 'Good bye, mom and dad. Good bye Phoenix, Jen, and Michelle. I'm sorry Katy. I have failed you. Farewell.'
	Then'Is this what heaven is like? Is it all misty?' Then Andrew recalled that he had already been in the mist before the deadly blow. So he wasn't dead. Which was odd, given the fact that his neck had been cut wide open with a sharp katana blade. Had he come back from the dead? It was quite puzzling. "Can someone please tell me what's happening?" 
	"You have proven yourself," a deep voice intoned. "You may pass."
	The swordsman withdrew his sword and faded into the mist, this time for good. He hadn't wanted to hurt Andrew all along. It was only a test. But a difficult one at that.
	"Greybeard! I beat the challenge!" Andrew called.
	"Yah did? That's great news." Greybeard came blundering into the mist, his hands stretched out in front of him.
	"Hold onto my shoulder. I will lead us to the ladder."
	Andrew filled Greybeard in on the fight; how he thought that he had died, but it was really just a test.
	"You beat both challenges, and that's good, but we should be wary of more. From all the accounts I have heard, getting to Teltibane should not be that easy."
	They walked, with Andrew leading, and Greybeard stumbling behind him, deeper into the mist.
	Andrew spied a rope ladder about two feet over his head. He jumped up and grabbed it. It came tumbling down. "I found the ladder."
	"Great. Lead me to it please."
	Andrew guided Greybeard to the ladder, and he ascended. Andrew followed. Andrew was relieved to have overcome the harrowing challenges of the path of Nenw. He hoped that the dangerous trials of this world would soon be over, and that he would soon be home again, safe and sound.



Chapter Eighteen

	Brano spread out a map of Nevay City. "Okay Ferno, here's the plan. Miss Edomal Blaize dines every Thursday night in Chateau Diner, on Elmwood Avenue. We wait outside, halfway down the block. As soon as she leaves and crosses the street to get to her car, we floor the gas, and hit her. Hard. Then we speed to this building here, three miles away on Carry Row. It's painted blue, and will serve as our portal. You got that, lughead?"
	"Sounds easy enough, noodle brain." said Ferno. 
	"You have the better mortal accent, and you know mortal money better than I do, so you will rent the Lamborghini."
	"Why do we need a jershi Lamborghini?" 
	"It's much faster, so it has a better chance of killing her. And we may need it to outrun the police afterwards, thick one." 
	"Let's do this, my brain-deficient friend." 
	The hitmen rented a blue Lamborghini Aventador, drove back to Nevay City, and waited outside the diner, halfway down the block.
	"Okay, she's going in," said Brano.
	They waited. A police car pulled up behind them. The officer parked his car and went into a bakery. He came out with three donuts and a large coffee, got into his car, and started his snack.
	"Gish!" said Ferno. "Police."
	"The Lambo will outrun him," said Brano confidently.
	An hour later a woman exited the diner. The target.
	"Show time."
	She walked into the street, on her way to her car parked on the other side. Brano floored the gas. The Lambo hit the woman hard in the midsection. She struck the windshield, and rolled over the back of the car in a bloody mess.
	Sirens went off. The cop pursued the assassins in his Dodge Charger. No match for the blood streaked Lamborghini.
	"Haha!" said Brano. "This machine is incredible!"
	They approached Carry Row. 
	"Gish!" exclaimed Brano. "The police have set up a blockade. How are we going to get to the portal?"
	"I have a plan, sawdust brain. Do you see that empty car carrier parked on the side of the street?" Ferno asked. 
	"Yes."
	"Aim for it. I will levitate the car at the right moment. We will use it as a ramp to jump over the parking lot and into the portal. This car is fast enough. Floor it, knucklehead!"	
	"Okay, good idea."
	Brano pressed down on the pedal as far as it went. The monster roared to life. He aimed for the empty car carrier. Ferno levitated the car two feet, and they went up the ramp. The assassins sailed off of the end of the "ramp" at one hundred sixty miles per hour. The police watched open-mouthed, as the blue sports car sailed over their heads, heading straight for the wall of the prussian blue building. Is the driver insane?
	But instead of the violent crash and fiery explosion the police were expecting, the car simply vanished, without a trace.
	The hitmen emerged on the other side of the portal.
	"Haha!" said Brano. He took the car for a victory lap. "We did it."
	"We did it all right," said Ferno. "Mission accomplished."
	The hitmen knocked heads, as is custom in some parts of the Realms in lieu of the human 'high five'.
	
	Ten minutes later, the assassins arrived in Blue's throne room, expecting reward for successfully completing their mission.
	"Fools!" roared Blue. 
	The hitmen recoiled in shock.
	"You killed the wrong person! Idiots! Incompetents! This sets back all my plans. Now Edomal Blaize won't go anywhere without a security detail. Tell me why I shouldn't send you to the torture chambers this instant!" Spittle flew from Blue's mouth. 
	Brano thought fast. "W-we b-brought y-y-you a c-car." 
	"A car? So what? I have many cars."
	"N-no," stammered Ferno. "I-it's a special c-car."
	"Special, you say? Let me see this "special" car. If it is not as you say, I will torture you thrice-fold."
	Blue was shown the stunning blue Lamborghini. Even the dried blood along its roof couldn't mar its beauty in the eyes of King Blue.
	"Ah, what a beautiful, ingenious machine. Because you have brought me such a fine, wonderful device, and, out of the goodness of my benevolent heart, I will spare you two incompetents, this time. But fail me again, and you will feel my wrath. Dismissed!"
	They hurried out of Blue's underwater chambers.
	Ferno looked at Brano. "Eh, we got lucky. Thanks to that Lamborghini. I don't want to see that old fool again for a long time. Let's go party you blockhead."
	"Good idea, dunce cap." 
	And the pair scampered off, happy in their knowledge that Blue would surely forget the whole incident within three days. 
	
	And the world is less one more person.
	


Chapter Nineteen

	Andrew and Greybeard climbed the rope ladder. At twenty-five feet above the misty path was a wooden deck. They could once again see the surrounding mountains. 
	"There she is," said Greybeard. "The Kilon. Ain't she a beauty?"
	"Wow, look at those spinning eyes," said Andrew.
	Tethered to the railing was a very large, predominantly white bird. The feathers on the tips of its wings were a rainbow of colors, as were its tail feathers. Its eyes were also a swirl of color, which spun in the light, creating the illusion of spinning eyes. A colorful stripe on either side led from its eyes along its body to its tail. Andrew thought it to be breathtakingly beautiful.
	The great bird regarded them curiously with one large multicolored eye.
	"How do we do this, Greybeard? The saddle only has room for one." said Andrew.
	"I could turn back." Greybeard offered.
	"No, we're in this together. We came this far, and we are both going to see Teltibane. Besides, I may need you to help me take him in. And, I am not going to allow you to go back through the fire and ulthars again, alone."
	"Fine. One of us will sit in the saddle, the other in front. The one in the saddle will hold on to the other one and prevent him from falling off."
	"Okay. I don't think that I will be able to hold you, so you take the saddle."
	They mounted the bird and got as comfortable as possible. Andrew cut the tether, and the bird took off with a mighty flap of its great wings.
	They circled the valley, gaining altitude to climb over the towering mountains.
	"This is awesome!" Andrew let out a whoop of joy. It was quite a thrill, flying on the back of a bird, out in the open, with only Greybeard's grip to hold him in place. The wind whipped through his hair.
	He couldn't wait to tell his brother Phoenix about it. Thought he wasn't sure if he would believe him.
	The rhythmic flapping of the bird's wings created a rolling motion for its riders. It took a few minutes to get used to, but at length Andrew found it to be somewhat relaxing. It was kind of like the roll of a ship at sea, only faster.
	They passed over the forty-thousand foot tall Dumvarin mountains, now miles high in the air. The bird headed northwest. 
	They flew for hours and hours, until Andrew got the feeling that they will never land. Like the President in Air Force One when America is under attack.
	They passed over the picturesque rolling countryside of the Realm of the Light; lakes, hills, rivers, valleys. Occasionally they spotted a town on the ground.
	Finally, hours later, when they were over a wooded, mountainous region, Andrew detected a slight shift in the angle of their flight. Then it became more and more pronounced. They were descending, at last.	
	The bird circled low and landed in a clearing in the middle of a mountainside forest. There was a small, grey, wooden hut to one side of the clearing, and a simple well on the other.
	Greybeard smoothed out his worn clothing and combed his fingers through his tangled hair, in a vain effort to make himself look more presentable for his meeting with the old sorcerer.
	They walked to the hut.
	"'Suppose you should knock, Andrew."
	Andrew knocked. There was no answer. He knocked again, louder this time. Still no reply.
	"You don't suppose that maybe the Kilon came to the wrong place, do you?"	
	"Let's hope not. Hullo!" boomed Greybeard. "Anyone home?"
	They walked around the hut, peeking into the windows. They can't have come all this way for nothing.
	"No sign of life," said Andrew.
	"Look!" said Greybeard. "There's a path that leads into the woods. Let's see where it leads."
	But then the Kilon flapped over to Andrew, and nudged him gently in the chest. Then it flew to the well, and waited there expectantly.
	"She's carried us far. She must be tired and thirsty," said Greybeard. "Why don't you give her a drink, Andrew."
	Andrew went to the well and drew a bucket of clear mountain water for the Kilon. He set it before the bird, and she drank from it greedily. 
	Greybeard pet her head. "They're amazing creatures, these Kilons, and some other species of great birds that we have around here. They can fly very long distances with a rider, or with two as we've seen."
	
	They proceeded to walk into the woods. 
	They arrived at another, smaller clearing. In its center sat a meditating, ancient man. He floated several feet in the air in the classic yoga position.
	The man's hair and beard were long and flowing, of purest white. He had a high brow, and a long pointed nose. His eyes were of deepest blue.
	There were small animals all around and on him. Furry squirrels poked their noses out of his wide sleeves, while small birds and colorful butterflies adorned his head and arms.
	He sensed their presence, and stood, his long pale green and white robe, embroidered with silver, unfolding to the floor.
	He held out his hand. "Welcome Andrew. Welcome to the Color Realms, and welcome to the Realm of the Light."
	So this is the man who is luring young children away from their homes to dangerous places. Andrew drew his katana. "Don't move. I know how to use this thing!"
	"Andrew, Andrew, come now. Do you really think that I meant you harm?" asked the old man.
	Andrew looked into his deep blue eyes. They looked so pure. "Yes."
	"Then this is going to take more time than I thought."
	"Because you want to kill me, right?" Andrew felt a surge of anger course through him.
	"Want to kill you?" His maddingly calm tone of voice was in sharp contrast to Andrew's angry, turbulent one. 
	"Yes," said Andrew, a vein pulsing in his neck. "Want to kill me. And Katy. Isn't that why you brought us here? Isn't that why you stranded us in the middle of a rainforest, among glenvins, eaguars, and all kinds of beasts? Because you want to kill us."	
	"No, to the contrary. Though I certainly could if I wanted."
	"Well, your time has come. Murderer." Andrew raised his sword, and prepared to charge the old man.
	The ancient man made a downward motion with his hand. Andrew felt a tremendous force push down on the sword. He struggled to hold it up, but it was too strong. Slowly, the blade inched downwards, until its tip made contact with the ground, and penetrated it. It continued, further and further, until the sword stuck deep into the forest floor.
	Andrew understood that this man was far more powerful than he had estimated. "Fine, so what are you waiting for? Kill me now! I survived the rainforest. You didn't kill me there. But now you have me anyway to do as you like."
	"You survived the forest?" the man asked.
	"Yes. I fought off the animals."
	"You fought off the animals? How, pray tell?"
	"With my sword and magical robe."
	"Your sword, and your magical robe," said the man slowly. "Did you fashion these items for yourself, young Andrew?"
	At last it hit Andrew like a ton of bricks.
	"N-no, they, it, they, they were given to me."
	"Indeed."
	"Y-you, you gave them to me. They came from the book. The book that you created. Why?"
	His mind struggled with all the info. It just didn't add up.
	"Andrew, we have much to talk about. I'm sure you're wondering why I brought you here to this world, since it is by now apparent that I meant you no harm. Here's what really happened. I sent out the summoning books to Earth. You were worthy of one. You were supposed to read it to find out how to get here. Seek out a rainbow, concentrate on where you need to go... but you met up with a rainbow prematurely. Am I correct?"
	"Yes." He had seen a rainbow right after he got the book, before he had time to read it.
	"Well, that was a most unfortunate coincidence. Since you were thinking of nowhere when you interacted with the rainbow, you ended up precisely in the middle of nowhere. The thick of the Great Rainforest, far from any civilization."
	Andrew struggled with the logic of that one for a moment. It seemed to make sense. 
	"How can I trust you? Maybe you need a mortal boy for some twisted evil spell?"
	The man laughed. A clear, pleasant sound. "Andrew, I hope that in time you will truly come to trust me. I really do, for I want only the best for you. For now, it seems that we will have to suffice with a demonstration of force. I will demonstrate two spells. The first will prove that I can immobilize you with ease. The second will prove that I can kill you with ease. With your consent"
	"What are you going to do?" Andrew asked.
	"Just immobilize you for a minute. Okay?"
	Andrew nodded.
	The old man closed his eyes, clasped his hands together and whispered something. A thin cord shot out from his hands and twisted itself around and around Andrew, until he couldn't move. 
	The man waved his hands, and the cord vanished.
	"Now for the second spell. If I can snap a mature oak cleanly in half, surely I can snap your fragile human neck, yes?"
	Andrew nodded. He had to agree with that one.
	The man turned and faced a large oak. He held his hand flat, as if he was about to perform a karate chop. He drew it back, and made a swift chopping motion. The tree split in two. The top came crashing down to the floor, startling the birds.
	The man performed a series of spells, and the dead tree vanished, a young sapling taking its place.
	He turned, smiling. "Well?"
	"Impressive," said Greybeard. "We are forced to trust you for now. Though you still owe Andrew an apology for putting him and his friend in danger, even if it was only inadvertently."
	"You are right there. Andrew, I sincerely apologize for what you went through, and for your friend's capture. However, the experience must have improved your fighting and survival skills. You may come to need those." 
	Andrew nodded stiffly. The man held out his hand to shake. Andrew took it. His grip was surprisingly strong, for such an old person. For some reason, it didn't strike Andrew as odd that the man knew his name before he told it to him. 
	"Nice to meet you. And you are?" the old man turned towards Greybeard.
	Greybeard bowed. "Ganvian Greybeard. I accompanied Andrew here."
	Teltibane eyed the dwarf. "I assume you took the Nenw mine route?" 
	"Yes indeed, sir. We didn't know of any other passable routes through the Dumvarin mountains."
	"Oh, there are seven others, only known to those who know," said the man cryptically.
	"Excuse me sir," said Andrew. "But if you don't mind me asking, who are you exactly?"
	"A fair question. Let's go to the hut. I'll make us some tea. We have much to discuss. And we should be heading out sooner than later."
	"Heading out to where?" 
	"To the Citadel."
	"The Citadel?"
	 "All in due time, all in due time, my young friend. I like to come out here when I need a peaceful atmosphere, to think clearly. But we have much work to do, back at the Citadel. C'mon, we'll talk more in the hut."
	Andrew and Greybeard conferred quietly. "Can we trust him?" 
	"Seems we have to. You saw what he did to that oak tree. I'll be on my guard, and so should you. If he tries any funny business, hopefully we can overpower him if we work together."
	"Okay. I'm scared of him."
	"So am I." Andrew was shocked that the valiant Greybeard would admit this. "We have to tread carefully here. I sense something very wrong about this character. You talk to him. Meanwhile I'll be thinking of a plan to escape. Maybe if we can make it back to the Kilon..."
	"Got it."
	Andrew turned to Teltibane. "Lead the way."
	They made their way through the forest and over to the grey hut that the adventurers had seen when they first arrived. 
	"I see that you have watered Shamselle. Excellent. She only flies at my command by the way."
	Andrew and Greybeard exchanged looks. There goes their escape route.
	The hut was a simple, one person dwelling, consisting of one sparsely decorated room, furnished with a bed, a table, two chairs, and a small pot bellied stove. The man busied about, making tea.
	"Sit," he gestured to the chairs. He himself sat on the bed. 
	"I'm sure that you have many questions for me, Andrew."
	"Yes."
	"Let's start with the first one you asked. Who am I? The answer to that is far from simple. I am very old. Much older than your friend Ganvian here. And I am known by many names and titles, which I have acquired throughout the ages. Amongst elves and Men, it is now the fashion to call me Teltibane, a flattering name as per its deeper meaning. The dwarves call me, 'en Garnvair Kune', or the Mighty One. That is for my name. As for what I am, in essence? Suffice it to say that the Maker of the Realms and Earth made me from His Luminance, to see to it that all life is protected, and that the Light endure."
	Greybeard raised his eyebrows at this. Teltibane paused to sip his tea.
	"But Andrew, what am I to you, personally? I am definitely the one who summoned you here, as you know by now. I even removed most of the obstacles from the path, to hasten your arrival". 
	"That explains much," said Greybeard
	Andrew pretended that his suspicions about Teltibane were gone. "I suspected that it was Blue who lured us here, or another evil sorcerer."
	"I can certainly see why you may have thought that," said Teltibane, "as you didn't, and still don't know the reason why you are here. And then there is the perilous place you landed up in when you first got here. I will attempt to explain, shortly. But before we go on, I have a few questions for you of my own."
	"Ok."
	"It was you who first found the book, The Kingdom of the Light, and it wasn't given to you by another?"
	"Yes."
	"Did you feel drawn and attracted to it? An inexplicable urge to pick it up?"
	"Yes."
	"Good. Very good. What is your favorite color?"
	"I don't have one favorite. I love them all equally."
	"Excellent. A simply superb response. Are you intuitive with the katana sword?"
	"Uh huh."
	"That's a very good sign. Background in the martial arts?"
	"Yes, I have studied judo." Andrew was surprised that he would know this.
	"Judo you say. Such a fine art. Good. All excellent signs."
	"Signs that what?"
	"Why, signs that you are the true Champion."
	
	Andrew was nonplussed. "Champion?"
	"In times of unrest in the Color Realms. When the very Light, the very purpose itself may be in danger. A Champion may be summoned forth from the Mortal Realm, to do battle on behalf of the Light and the people. In times such as these, when a Color forgets that it is his duty to work in harmony with the rest to produce the Light. When one Color may turn on another, in perfidy. A Champion is called forth from the mortal world to set things right."
	"What is the peril?" Andrew asked. 
	"I sense that King Blue may turn on Lord Green. Blue has been building up a mighty army for some time now, and he may attack very soon. You may well be the Champion that we are all waiting for, to save us from the domination and tyranny of King Vallidius Blue."
	He may even be speaking the truth. But Andrew felt all of the anxiety that had built up inside him over the past few weeks, all of the fear over what could happen to him and Katy, transform into nothing but anger towards this man. Towards this man, who had put his and Katy's lives in danger, so many times, again and again. Cooperate? Not in the cards.
	"You could've gotten Katy and I killed!" Andrew shouted. "And now I don't know if I will ever see her again. Just so that you could use me, to fix your own problems. I want no part in it. I demand to be sent home at once!"
	"Just leave, then? Leave the Color Realms. Go home to your warm safe house. And leave Katy to suffer?"
	"That's your fault! You fix it!" Andrew pounded on the table.
	"Andrew, you are not thinking clearly. Please, focus. You are allowing your anger to get the better of you. I need your help to save Katy. And we all need your help, to save us from Blue. Like I explained, I never intended for you to land up in middle of the Great Rainforest. That was a terrible accident." 
	"Accident?!" Andrew practically shouted.
	"Yes. An accident. If you would have only read the book, it would have told you how to get here. Seek out a rainbow, concentrate on where you want to go, reach for it...but you met up with a rainbow prematurely. A strange coincidence. But that's why all this happened. That's why your lives were risked. I am so sorry that this had to happen. I am truly sorry. The path of the hero is never a lucid one. But fate has his ways... Anyway, what happened, happened. It is over now."
	"Tell me why should I fight your war," Andrew demanded.
	"My boy, it is not my war. It is everyone's war. Blue is a tyrant, who cares nothing for life, sentient or otherwise. All he cares for is his own power. Here, come look at this mortal newspaper, from yesterday." Teltibane held out a paper.
	Andrew took it. The Nevay City Bugle. On the front page was a story of a hit and run. Blue Lamborghini. Nine p.m. Miss Catherine Wallen. Dead on arrival. What?! Andrew looked again. Catherine Wallen. Andrew's aunt, his mother's sister, who worked in the fashion industry.
	The article went on to say how the police had set up a blockade. The car crashed into the side of a building while doing in excess of one hundred and sixty miles per hour. Yet nothing was found. Not a trace of the wrecked car, or its inhabitants, could be found anywhere in the area. It had vanished, like a puddle of water on a hot summer day. The detectives were stumped.  
	"It is clear that this is the work of Blue and his men," said Teltibane. "They were targeting the famed fashion designer Miss Edomal Blaize, who was dining at the diner that night with your aunt. They targeted her because of her campaign against the color blue, which starts this summer. The Colors of the Realms draw influence from the Mortal Realm. The more prevalent, the more popular a color is in the Mortal Realm, the more powerful the corresponding Color will be in the Realms."
	"So, what happened to the car?" 
	"None of the pieces of the car were found, because it never crashed. The car they used was blue. The building that they went into is painted blue, as you can see in the picture. The assassins used it as a portal to the Realms."
	Andrew looked up in horror. "Blue killed my aunt." 
	


Chapter Twenty

	He repeated the sentence, slower this time. "Blue. killed. my. aunt. How, why, how could this be?"
	Aunt Cathy. Cheerful, happy go lucky, Aunt Cathy. She always visited on weekends and holidays, bringing her contagious good mood with her. 	Young Aunt Cathy, who had her whole life in head of her. How could she be gone? Just like that, in the blink of an eye. Erased from the world, but for what reason?
	"Yes Andrew, King Vallidius Blue murdered your aunt. And that is only the beginning of it. The purpose of the Color Realms is the Light"
	"Excuse me sir, but what is the Light? What is its purpose? I asked some Greens this question, and they couldn't tell me."
	"The Light brings enlightenment, joy, happiness, and every positive emotion to all of creation, Realms and Earth alike. Without it, we would be lost in despair. It gives hope and optimism to mankind, and to a lesser extent, to the other sentient peoples as well. It is also the source of all life, from whence the Creator sowed the first seeds, so long ago. He then gave over the task of upholding the Light to Man, and it has been his sacred duty ever since. But only when working in harmony with each other can the Colors hope to produce the Light. Disunity leads to imbalance. Imbalance will harm, or even extinguish the Light. In its place, darkness and despair will set in."
	Teltibane paused again to sip his tea. A squirrel climbed in the open window and climbed onto his shoulder. "The Colors' purpose and duty is to serve the Light, as they were made to do, so many eons ago. The Light is the inspiration of all creation. But King Blue has turned. He thinks that he exists to serve himself, and himself only."
	The gravity of the situation was starting to sink in.
	"So you see, Andrew, that this is not my war. If the Light is lost, everyone, every human, and every living being, will be affected adversely. King Blue must be stopped. A hero is needed. A Champion must answer the call."
	Andrew figured that if Teltibane wanted to harm him, he would've done so already. And if what he said was true, there was a monster out there who needed to be brought in. He had already killed Aunt Cathy, and probably many others. "I need to think it over."
	But Greybeard was still operating under the old plan. He leaped up as he drew his broadsword, and held it to Teltibane's neck. "I got him Andrew! He needs to move his hands for magic. If they so much as twitch, he's dead. What should we do with him?"
	Andrew looked at Greybeard's worn face. The rugged face of a valiant adventurer. He then looked at Teltibane's ancient, wise complexion. Who to trust? If Teltibane was right, they needed to work together to oppose Blue. But if he was lying, this might be his only chance to stop the true evil sorcerer, Teltibane himself. Everything hinged on this moment.
	"No," said Andrew. "No Greybeard. We need to trust him. I feel he's telling the truth. We have to work together. We need to help."
	"Are you sure? We won't have another chance."
	"Yes."
	Greybeard slowly lowered his sword. "I hope you're right."
	Teltibane continued the conversation as if nothing had happened. "You need to think it over, Andrew. That's reasonable. It's a lot to take in all at once. But I must ask you to arrive at your decision quickly. If you are to be the one, we should start your training immediately, without delay. Time is against us. In any case, we should fly to the Citadel at once. If you will not be the Champion, I will return you to your home from there. But that will set us back at least a week to summon another, and to bring him or her here. And Andrew"   
	"Yes?"
	"Please think of all of the millions of people, and countless other beings that are relying on you to be the Champion, and to stop Blue. And think of your dear friend Katy. I believe that the only way for us to save her is if you stay on and become the Champion."
	"Okay." 
	'Yeah,' Andrew thought to himself. 'Billions depend on you. But no pressure.' 
	"By the way, you sound as though you aren't sure if I am the real Champion or not. Even with all the signs, right?" 
	"That is correct. It is impossible to know one hundred percent for sure. Yet. But there is a test. We will talk more of it at the Citadel of the Light. Becoming the Champion will be a long and hard process. If you believe it to be in you, you will succeed." 
	Greybeard patted Andrew on the back. "I know yeh have it in you, Andrew. You will make a fine Champion." 
	"What if I fail the test? Who will be Champion?" Andrew asked.
	"I will perform the Summoning once more, and another will have to be found."
	
	They walked outside. The Kilon bird was gone.
	"You arrived on Shamselle. And Dastelle is also nearby," said Teltibane. He put his fingers to his lips and whistled a series of notes.
	Two Kilons appeared, and landed in the clearing. Greybeard and Andrew rode on Dastelle, the larger of the two birds, while Teltibane rode Shamselle. He gave the command to fly to the Citadel of the Light, and they were off, rainbow tipped wings flapping hard.
	"Where is the Citadel!" Andrew shouted to Teltibane, who was thirty feet away.
	"In the center of the Realm of the Light! It houses the Prism!"	
	So they were going to the point where all the beams of Color converged each and every day to from the mystical Light. That is where Teltibane wanted him to train to become the Champion. Whatever that meant.
	Everything that had occurred to Andrew since that fateful walk in Arbori Park led up to this. His battle with the various rainforest creatures. His journey to Cassara. The expedition to the Five Peaks. The foray into the dark Nenw mines. The struggle with the cursed treasure, and the ulthar army battle. The path through mist and fire. It was all culminating now, in his meeting with Teltibane, and his decision to become the Champion, or not.
	And he had changed much along the way. He went from being a typical teenager, whose worst fear was the occasional pimple. Whose biggest battles were fighting to remove them. Or fighting with his parents to give him a bigger allowance, or later curfew. To a man, who could stare death in the face and fight it. Who travelled through a wild, perilous rainforest, and survived. Who had battled vicious creatures, and horrifying ulthars. Who had been outnumbered, yet prevailed. 
	And now he was being asked to take the next step. To become Champion and protector of the Light. To not just battle for his own life, but to wage war on behalf of all life. To wage war on the behalf of life itself. To fight for the cause of Good. To be, a Champion.
	And yet, he was still a boy. A boy who faced the struggles of a man. But a boy, nonetheless.
	Andrew suspected that this next step would be much, much harder than all of the challenges that he had faced already. To go from boy to Champion would be a long, difficult process, like Teltibane had said.
	"Wow," said Greybeard over the wind. "We thought that you were merely going to be sent back home. And now you are to stay on to be a Champion. Incredible."
	Andrew quoted Teltibane, "the path of the hero is never a lucid one. But I had a gut feeling all along that something big was going down here. Something much bigger than me. I'm not sure if I'm up to the task though."
	The sky grew darker as they flew. The sun retreated into her home, giving way for the reign of the stars and moons of the night.
	The less obvious are hidden by the obvious. The less prominent, behind the more prominent. That is the way of things. The great, brilliant light of the sun hides the less noticeable light of the stars. Therefore, only in its absence can the stars be viewed. 	
	Would Andrew let the more obvious and prominent side of him, that of the young boy, conceal his less obvious side, that of the heroic man? Or would he push aside the scared boy, and reveal the valiant hero within? That remained to be seen. 
	Several hours later, Dantelle went into a glide. It was long dark. Andrew could make out in the shadows the silhouette of a tall thin tower, pointing up like a needle from the ground. Near it was a large medieval style castle. It was too dark to make out much else.
	They came in closer, and Andrew could make out the many towers and turrets of the castle, reaching up like the fingers of a giant hand into the night sky.
	They landed in front of the castle. Two men rushed out. One helped Teltibane off his mount, and then did the same for Andrew and Greybeard.
	"Timelen, Binneh, show our guests to their rooms please," said Teltibane. "The Thiesden King or Nugvarin Hero suites in the basement will suit Ganvian. They will be decorated to his liking."
	"Right away sir." Timelen took Andrew's pack, while Binneh took Greybeard's. "Follow me."
	They entered the castle. The entrance hall was an oval shaped room. They climbed one of two elaborate staircases that started to the left and right of the entrance, and curved their way along the wall to the second floor. The hall was lit by an ornate, golden chandelier which dominated the room.
	Binneh led Greybeard down to the lower levels of the castle.
	"Good night," Andrew said.
	"'Night," said Greybeard.  
	Timelen led Andrew to the third floor. His room was decorated with purple and dark red draperies and rugs, and handsome dark wood furniture. 
	Andrew collapsed into bed, and was asleep in seconds.
	
	Andrew woke late the next morning, and made his way downstairs, where Timelen was waiting.
	"Good morning Timelen."
	"Good morning young Andrew. You can call me Tim. How was your sleep?"
	"Satisfying. The comfortable bed was a pleasant change from the rocks and trees that I've gotten used to these last several weeks."
	"Good. I'm glad you slept well. Only don't get used to sleeping this late, if you are to become the Champion. Come, let me show you to the main dining room. Teltibane is waiting for you to start breakfast."
	They walked through a hallway that was decorated with many potted plants. Some seemed to move and wave, as if alive and mobile. Though whenever Andrew would stop and stare, they would summarily freeze. Interesting. Shy plants.
	They entered the dining room through a tall arched doorway. The first thing Andrew noticed were the large elegant paintings that adorned the walls, most of them depicting fantastic creatures; chimeras, dragons, griffins. Some also had a figure in armor battling the creatures, others did not.
	In the room's center was a large circular table. Light came from three chandeliers that were made of crystals of every color surrounding clear ones in the center, emulating the Realms of Color and the Realm of the Light. 
	Seated at the table were Teltibane, Greybeard, a dark haired girl Andrew didn't know, a tall proud elf, and a man in a violet suit, who was in the middle of a heated discussion with the old wizard.
	The man waved his arms animatedly. "We think that it was the sabotaging elves of Glanedin. If it keeps up, our viden output will decrease by thirty percent. We have every right to attack!" 
	"Leave the elves out of it, Celd," said Teltibane gently. "Your Queen still bears a grudge against Glanedin for the Forze incident. It is likely just a case of rugu beetles which are ruining your crops. Use the incantation I have prescribed on your crops. The problem will vanish within a fortnight, I promise you."
	"And if it doesn't, does the Royal House of Violet have the High King's authorization to attack Glanedin?" 
	"Yes, permission is granted," said Teltibane heavily. "But it won't come to that, I assure you."
	"Thank you." Celd stood up to go. "I was lucky to have found you here."
	"Farewell, Celd."
	"Farewell, your royal Highness."
	Celd left, and Andrew sat down.
	"Emissary from Violet," Teltibane explained. "Politics."
	They ate a breakfast of scrumptious hot rolls and delicious finlen eggs, with a large variety of jams and cheeses. It was the best meal that Andrew had had since he arrived in the Realms.
	Teltibane introduced the dark haired girl. "This is Kiara. She will be training with you, should you choose to become Champion."
	Kiara gave Andrew a curt nod, her serious expression never leaving her face. She had a dark complexion, and jet black hair that reached most of the way down her back. A black and grey robe adorned her slim body.
	"Pleasure to meet you," Andrew said.
	"And this is Finor." Teltibane indicated the elf. "He will assist in your training as well."
	"Pleased to meet you." The elf placed his hand on his heart, then stretched it out towards Andrew. "It's a standard elf greeting."
	"Nice to meet you too," said Andrew. "The first elf I have ever seen. Wow."
	"Oh," said Finor politely. "Interesting. The elves have always been at the forefront of culture and thought throughout the ages, you should know."
	"Oh. Nice to know." Andrew forged on through the delicious meal. It was making up for days of dried fruit and vegetables.
	Teltibane put down his fork. "Now, please allow me to explain in detail about the conflict between the Royal Houses of Blue and Green. The conflict of the present day has its roots in a far older one. Many, many years ago, when the world was much younger, all things were painted in all colors equally. The sky was not the azure blue we see today, but was rather of all colors, and Earth's vegetation was not the vibrant green it is now, but was a mix of color, as they were made according to the original plan. The Creator wished that all the Colors be of equal strength and influence. But a great war ensued, instigated by none other than our very own King Vallidius Blue. Blue wanted everything. He wanted that the Earth and sky give praise to his name. He wanted to be all-powerful, and that all be painted a lustrous, vivid blue. And so Blue took the sky as his own."
	"Did anyone stand up to him?" asked Greybeard. 
	"An alliance of some of the other Colors, led by Lord Yionaffe Green, stood up to Blue. Green knew that if Blue took the Earth, and its plants and stones as well, then the careful balance between the Colors would be lost, and the Light along with it. He fought to protect the Light. I remember the battle well. A great and terrible day it was. The heavens themselves were rent open. I myself fought alongside Lord Green in that battle. At times it seemed that Blue would have his perfidious way. But the just and faithful prevailed, and Blue was not allowed the domination he craved. How dark it would have been had he triumphed. I shudder to think of it to this day."
	"But why are the plants of Earth green today, if they were originally made to be of all colors?" Finor asked. "Did Green take the plants, as Blue took the sky?" 
	"No. As a reward for his courage, and his support of the cause of the Light, Lord Green was given the greenery of Earth; its forests and its plants. It wasn't always like that. I can still remember the colored Earth of old. But Lord Green was rewarded, and that is why the vegetation that envelops the Earth is green to this day." 
	"Wow," said Andrew. "I never knew why plants are green. But I suppose that I never gave it much thought either, since that's the way it has always been. But now, it makes so much more sense. Even colorful flowers have green stalks. Logically, if the flower is pink, or blue, why wouldn't the stalk also be that color? Nearly all plants are mostly green."
	"Yes," said Finor. "Although if the tree trunks would also be green, that might create an imbalance in the Light, with Green being too dominant."
	"Yes Finor, you're probably right." Teltibane continued the account of the conflict. "Ever since the Battle of the Sky, the treacherous Blue has been sending his agents from the Color Realms to Earth, whose purpose it is to take revenge on Green. Their mission is to ruin and destroy the greenery of Earth, thereby weakening Lord Green in the Realms. Although their efforts didn't produce much, for many a century. 
	"Around one hundred and fifty years ago, Blue's agents grew more cunning. They would never be listened to if they declared outright war of the forests. So they disguised their agenda, and did their work in the name of 'progress', and 'industrialization.' They built factories, to belch black smoke into the air, thereby poisoning the atmosphere. They built railroads, to clear the forests. Many of the so-called 'fathers of the industrial age' have really been Immortal agents of King Blue. 
	"And it's working. Alas, their efforts have started to take hold. The lush forests of Earth are disappearing at an alarming rate. The green environment is being cut up, and tortured. What is done in the Mortal world echoes in this one, when it comes to the Colors. The harming of Earth's greenery threatens a weakening of the Color of Green, hence an imbalance of the Light. Too much, or too little of one color, and the pure, white Light will fail to be produced. Andrew would understand, he's a painter and knows of mixing colors."
	Andrew nodded. If the parts of color were equal, they could combine to make white. It made sense.  
	"Green would be decimated, by the mighty hand of Blue. Something had to be done."	
	"What about diplomacy. Talking to Blue?" Andrew asked.
	"I tried. They were turned away at the gates. Blue in his arrogance would not even grant my representatives an audience. Blue was growing too strong. Several weeks ago, I sent my own agents to Earth, with a mission to weaken the increasing power of Blue. They were to convince the influential fashion designer and supermodel, Miss Edomal Blaize, to place a fashion ban on the wearing of blue for the coming summer season. This would be a big blow to Blue, as the colors that mortals choose for themselves to wear and to surround themselves with have a much greater influence on the power of the Kings and Queens of Color in the Realms. 
	"My plan succeeded. Miss Blaize would declare blue out-of-style for the summer. But, she added something of her own. She will be hiring airplanes to spray green gasses into the air in many major mortal cities throughout the world, to block out the blue sky, and kick off the start of a blue-free summer. 
	"Why she chose the color green, I cannot say. But it certainly wasn't because of the influence of our Lord Green. King Blue has found out of this plan of hers, and he believes that it is his old enemy, Green, who is after his power. He believes that Lord Green's agents influenced her to place the ban on blue! The proof, the fact that the skies are to be colored green. Blue believes that Lord Green is threatening his power. And there is nothing in this world that King Blue cares more for than his power."
	"What will Blue do?" Kiara asked. 
	"Blue has been building up his military," said Teltibane. "Troop movements have been spotted by our spies. This declaration of Miss Blaize to ban blue, which Blue alleges was caused by Green, may be reason enough for Blue to wage outright war against the Realm of Green. And this is where you come in, Andrew. I knew that we would probably have need of a Champion, to fight in the war that will surely erupt soon, between the Realms of Green and Blue. I performed the deep magic that was required, and I fashioned the Summoning Books from the Light. That is why your robe, which came from the book, is indestructible. I performed the Summoning ritual, and you Andrew, answered the Calling. You received the book. And you arrived here."
	Now it was all finally explained. Andrew wasn't here in the magical Color Realms by chance. Neither was he here at the summons of an evil sorcerer. He was brought here to become a hero, and to fight the people's battle. To help defend Lord Yionaffe Green and his Realm against the might of King Vallidius Blue, and in doing so, protect the sacred and mystical Light. 



Chapter Twenty One

	They finished eating breakfast.
	"The time for decision has come, young Andrew," said Teltibane. "Will you be, our Champion? Will you do battle for the cause of good and enlightenment?"
	"You mentioned a test, to prove if I am the true Champion?" said Andrew. 
	"Yes, the test is to drink from the Shimmering Pool of Light, which is contained within the Citadel. If you are the Champion, it will strengthen you, and bestow upon you considerable powers. Heightened speed, reflexes, agility. A higher capacity for learning. You must continue to drink from the Pool every three days, or it will wear off."
	"And if I am not the true Champion?"	
	"Then it will kill you outright."
	Andrew mulled it over.
	"It is your decision to make," said Teltibane. "No one can force you to, ah, step up to the plate, as humans say."
	He could just refuse, go home. But how could he, when there was so much at stake?
	"I will risk my life, to fight for the Light, to stop the evil Blue, and to free Katy," Andrew affirmed.
	"Are you sure? Your mind must be fully on this. It is your last chance to back out. The training will be grueling, the battles fraught with terrible danger. Once you drink from the Pool, you will be committed, and there will be no turning back."
	"Yes. I understand that it is my choice, and I have decided to do this. I can't imagine forsaking everyone, when I am needed to protect the Light from harm. The Light affects everyone. I could never live with myself, knowing that I abandoned everyone when I was needed most."
	"Bravo Andrew! The first step down the path is always the hardest. We hope that you will never come to regret this decision," said Teltibane.
	"Let us have a toast to Andrew, our new Champion!" said Greybeard, who wasn't one to let a good excuse to drink pass him by.
	"Yes, that would be most appropriate. let us have some wine please," said Teltibane to the waiter.
	They drank to Andrew, and then Greybeard made more toasts to the Royal House of Green, to the Realm of the Light, to his dwarf King Wiskut, and to the cooperation of Dwarves and Men.
	"It is customary to add a name to the Champion," said Teltibane.
	"Lugren," suggested Greybeard. "It's old Dwarvish for 'fearsome.'"
	"How about Cilifax?" said Finor. "It means 'Light-defender' in Banres Elvish."
	"That has a nice ring to it," said Teltibane. "Let us drink once more to Andrew Cilifax, Champion of the Light."
	They drank another toast.
	"Feel free to explore the grounds today, Andrew," said Teltibane. "Tomorrow you will drink from the Shimmering Pool, and we shall commence your training."
	"What about my parents and my family? Even if I do survive by some miracle, won't they be worried about me being gone all these weeks?" Andrew asked.
	"That's a good point. But I think that I will be able to return you to the Mortal Realm close to the time that you left."
	"So during this time there will be two of me, one here, and one on Earth?"	
	"No, not exactly. I would try to explain to you how the magic worked, but it would likely just give you a headache. And take several hours." Teltibane smiled. "Now I suggest you go enjoy your free time today. Once your training starts, you won't have that luxury. And trust me, it's going to be tough."

	Andrew walked out of the dining hall with Greybeard. "Teltibane makes it sound like he is going to put me through some kind of boot camp."
	"No point in tryin' ta pull the wool over yer eyes, Andrew. To transform into a defender of the Light and its people is not goin' to be an easy task."
	"I wonder what I'm going to learn," mused Andrew. "Do you think he will teach me how to fight with sorcery? Bam!" Andrew pointed at an imaginary enemy. "You're dead. Zap!" He pointed again. "Two down. Wouldn't that be great?"
	"That's not the typical Dwarvish way of battle. But it would be nice. And relatively easy as well, once you have mastered the magic. I can't recall now if any of the other Champions that I've heard of before made heavy use of magic in their battles. Guess we will just have to wait an' see. C'mon, let's explore the grounds."
	They strolled out onto the grounds. The castle was situated on a large plateau, several thousand feet high. On three sides the plateau dropped down in cliff, with the western side sloping up to the top in a curved manner, so that the way up the slope began in the southeast of the plateau and ended in the west.
	On the mostly flat surface of the plateau was the castle, the Citadel, several huts for the workers, and other structures in the distance. There was a large forest blocking part of the plateau from view.
	The castle itself was made out of stone colored in light pastel colors. Which gave it a very different appearance from the drab grey castles on Earth.   
	The pair walked around the castle, exploring. There was a garden in the east, to the rear of the castle, filled with gorgeous plants and flowers. They walked through it, inhaling the sweet scents of the flowers.
	They arrived at a large white stone set in the floor in the center of the garden. There were three tiny holes in its center.
	"What do you think is the purpose of this stone, Greybeard?" asked Andrew. "It looks out of place here in the garden."
	"Dunno. And why has it got those little holes in it?"
	They couldn't figure it out, and walked on. Past the garden was a cluster of ponds, pink and blue water lilies gracing their surface. Jets of water leaped over the ground from one pond to the next, creating a pleasant fountain effect.
	"Nice," said Greybeard. "Enchanted jumping ponds. Relatively rare. Last time I saw 'em was more than two hundred years ago, in the Elf Realm of Crinstlin."
	"Are there many Elf Realms?" Andrew asked.
	"Yeah. Loads. The elves are very tribal in nature, with many small clans. Though they can form alliances with one another to form a stronger Realm."
	They took in the sight of the enchanted ponds for several more minutes. It was by now midday. 
	"Let's head back fer lunch."
	The duo returned to the castle for an excellent lunch. Afterwards they explored the grounds some more. Their walk took them around the lake and to the west of the Citadel.
	"Do you think I really have it in me?" said Andrew.
	"What?" said Greybeard. 
	"To become the Champion, I mean. To be able to stand up to Blue, and to stop his evil plans. To free Katy. Blue is an incredibly old, experienced, and accomplished sorcerer. And what am I? Just a young mortal boy from Pine Valley. What I know of magic couldn't fill a thimble. It's like David and Goliath all over again. Only David had the assistance of God himself, in the form of a miracle, but I don't. I feel so unsure of myself. It's like a cocker spaniel taking on a lion. How can I hope to defeat him?"
	Greybeard put his arm around Andrew's shoulder, as they strolled through the lawn. "Andrew, don't worry about winning. Worry about givin' it your best. That's all that is asked of you. Lemme tell yah a little about my youth. Today, who hasn't heard of 'Greybeard the Adventurer'? 'Greybeard the Bold'? Bah. Back then, I was also well known. But for a very different reason. I was 'Ganvian the wimp'. Ganvian the softy dwarf. Me' dad was a famous Dwarvish General. Strong, and brave in battle. My brothers and I had much to live up to. And I, I was very small and weak for a dwarf as a youngster. Never could win a fight in the wrestling and sparring matches that are common among our youth."
	"Incredible. I would never have thought that you were anything less than a bold and valiant hero from when you were young." 
	"Yep. By the time I grew up an' became an adult, my confidence was gone. Shot through completely. My strong brothers went out into the world and made names for themselves. In the military, or as independent adventurers. Respectable Dwarvish occupations. They made our father proud. But Ganvian? He stayed home, and found a job at the local bakery. Too afraid, to put himself to the test."
	"Wow. What happened?"
	"My father only grew more and more disappointed in me with every passing day. And it looked like things would never change. Ganvian was destined to spend the rest of his life working at the local bakery as baker's assistant. His biggest accomplishment, the cream filled pastries that he was adept at making. An' don't get me wrong. Baker is a fine profession, as fine as any. But it was not what was expected of my brothers and I, the sons of the famous General Koro. Many quests, many adventures came my way. My father urged me to take them up, to go out into the world, and to be strong and fearless. To be like him and my brothers. But I would shy away. Not believing that I was capable of anything more than baking. Perhaps I would be a full fledged baker, one day. But nothing more. I didn't believe that I could face down an ulthar without dropping my sword to run. I didn't believe that I could ever prevail in the face of danger and difficulty."
	"But today you are a well known adventurer. How did you change?" Andrew was amazed that the wimpy Ganvian that Greybeard described to him and the courageous Greybeard that he knew were the same person.
	Greybeard resumed his tale. "One day my uncle, Farswop, me' mamma's older brother, came to live with us in our village. Like many esteemed dwarves, he made a life of perilous quest after perilous quest. Spy missions for the dwarf Kings, vampire hunts for the Lords of elves and the like. My uncle was getting on in years, and so he chose to settle down in our village, to be near family. He saw what I was. He took an interest in me right away, and he taught me that we all have our strengths. We only need to find them. He believed in me, and that's what mattered most. He gave me encouragement. Which is the one thing that I needed above all, at that point in my life. On my off days he made me practice with all kinds of weapons, until we found one that suited me. And it paid off. We discovered that I possessed the rather rare skill of single-handed broadsword wielding. This gave me the advantage of a shield in my free hand, in a fight."
	"When did you partake in your first adventure?" 
	"My uncle taught me to never doubt myself. We trained hard for two years. Finally, I was ready for my first real quest. Ten young, aspiring dwarves set out to the wild northern region known as en Krasten Minogden, the Ghouls' Playground, to capture the mythical cloud bird who dwelled there. The cloud bird is only visible in the darkest of nights, and is very tough to capture. The going was rough. We encountered many dangerous and wild beings, and several of our number died at their hands. Many of the others succumbed to starvation in that barren place, or turned back, for the difficulty of the task. But one of my strengths came into play here: persistence and perseverance, no matter how hard it got. Until finally, one week after the last of my companions had gone home in defeat, I captured the cloud bird, and returned home to a hero's welcome. How proud my dad was. 
	"One quest led to another, and I became well known. Until the name of Greybeard the Adventurer eclipsed even that of my father's. Now, I am an adventurer through and through, one of the most respected occupations in our Dwarvish culture. It's as if it is a part of my DNA. But I attribute all my success to that kind uncle, who believed in me, and even more, got me to believe in myself."
	"Unbelievable. Greybeard, that's an incredible tale."
	"Take it from me, Andrew. Wimp turned warrior, fearful turned fearsome, that it is possible. The most astonishing changes are possible, if you only believe in yourself that you are capable, and that you can scale the mountain of improbability. That, and hard work and effort, will lead you to success, nine times out of ten." 
	Andrew found Greybeard's incredible tale to be very inspiring. He would give it his best, no matter how improbable or impossible it was. That was all that was asked of him. 
	
	Greybeard and Andrew returned to the castle for dinner. Afterwards, Andrew joined the castle workers, who's practice it was to congregate in a large room on the third floor of the castle and sing, with the aid of a few instruments. Most of the tunes were simple, and he was able to catch on easily. It was a soothing way to end the day. Andrew went to sleep wondering what tomorrow would bring.
	


Chapter Twenty Two

	Andrew was awakened early the next morning by a sharp rapping on his bedroom door. He was momentarily disoriented, and wondered where he was and why he was being awakened so early. Then it all rushed back to him. Become the Champion... risk your life... drink from the Pool. Today. 
	He quickly got dressed and rushed downstairs. The dining hall was empty, save for Timelen.
	"Teltibane has already eaten. He has instructed that you are to meet him outside the Citadel in five minutes time."
	"Okay, thanks." He hurriedly ate breakfast.
	Andrew sprinted through the castle hallways and across the courtyard to the Citadel. Teltibane, Kiara, Finor and Greybeard were already there, waiting.
	Kiara wore a black robe trimmed with mustard yellow, and a yellow belt. Teltibane was clad in a grey robe, with several gold stripes on its arm. Finor was dressed all in white, Greybeard in maroon.
	Andrew got to see the Citadel up close. It was a tall, spindly structure, some thirty stories high. At its top was the Prism, where all the beams of Color converged every day. Black, grey, and white stone, in a spiral pattern, climbed to its top.
	"Okay Andrew," said Teltibane. "Procedure to become a Champion of the Light is simple. I will draw a glassful of Light from the Shimmering Pool. You will drink it. If you are a worthy Champion, the Light will infuse you with newfound strength and enhanced reflexes, as well as greater resistance to injury. You will begin your training with Kiara right away. However, if you are not a worthy Champion, the Light will be too much for your physical body to bear, and you will most certainly die. You have agreed to accept this risk, and, the signs do point toward you being the true Champion."
	Andrew nodded.
	"Good. Then what are we waiting for? Let's ascend the tower stairs to the Pool."
	They entered the dark base of the Citadel. A spiral staircase snaked its way around the walls to the top. 
	"The Pool is at the midway point," said Teltibane.	They climbed the stairs, occasionally passing by closed doors. Apparently there were rooms in between the inner and outer walls of the tower. Midway up, the staircase opened into a circular room. The floor of the room sloped gently downwards towards the center. Andrew looked up and could see the Prism, which was more than a hundred feet above, and above that, the open sky. 
	In the center of the floor was a round pool filled with a shimmering substance. It seemed to move like it was a cross between gas and liquid. It swirled and spiraled around the pool in hypnotic circles.
	Andrew stared. "What is it?" 
	"Fragments of the Light break off from the main beam. Some of the more solid pieces land here. Others land in various places throughout the Realm of the Light, where they are harvested by the people of the Light to make various potent magical items." Teltibane's clear voice echoed strangely around the hollow tube of the Citadel.
	Teltibane produced a clear glass, and proceeded to dip it into the Shimmering Pool of Light. He drew it out, and it was filled with Light, which swirled around and around it. Teltibane held it up to his face, and Andrew could see his bushy white eyebrows through the glass, with a tint of silver.
	"The ritual calls for me to recite something at this point. Immediately afterwards, you are to drink from it, Andrew, before it evaporates."
	"Okay," said Andrew. He might be dead in a few minutes. But he had already made his decision, and at least it would be a noble death, for a just cause.
	Teltibane held up the glass full of Light, and recited in his deep voice:
	"Drawn from the Pool of the Shimmering Light,
	Enter the hero, for all that is right,
	Give him the strength, and ability to fight,
	And provide us a Champion, who will Colors unite."
	Andrew took the glass in hand and drank it down in two gulps. The Light slid down his throat. It didn't really taste much like anything. Which kind of made sense, given that is was a spiritual entity; more spirit than solid. Andrew then felt his arms and the rest of his body being drawn upwards to the heavens for a moment, and he even rose a few inches off the ground before settling back down. A numbness flowed through his limbs, and then he felt a pain that began in his chest and spreads throughout his body.
	"Do you feel any pain?" asked Teltibane.
	"Yes."
	"Good." Teltibane smiled. "That is a sign that it's working. It hurts to change. And it didn't kill you! This is superb. You've passed the test, and are a worthy receptacle of the Light. Not many can claim that distinction."
	"Umm...thanks." Andrew wasn't sure what to say to that. 
	"Congratulations, Andrew Cilifax. You are now a Champion of the Light. The Light is present within you, and it will both bolster you and guide you, if you only allow it to. Let's go to the front courtyard. The pain will subside in a few minutes."
	Andrew wondered for a moment what exactly that meant. How does one allow it to work, or not? Is it within his control? But his mind was on the training that would begin shortly.
	"Do you feel any different?" Greybeard asked.
	"Um, not really," Andrew answered. "Should I?"
	"Oh, he wouldn't yet," said Teltibane. "You don't change into a Champion just by drinking from the Pool. Rather, it is what allows the change to happen. It may be said that it changes you into a creature who is receptive of change. But you must also change yourself, by fortifying your spirit and resolve. This can, and will, take time." 

	They walked down the spiral steps and out of the Citadel to the large stone courtyard in front of the castle. Day one of training was about to begin.
	"All right, Andrew," said Teltibane. "Now that you are the Champion, we should begin your training immediately. It is my firm belief that the best way to learn anything is through hands on training. You already know a little judo, and you are quite skilled with the katana sword. But it will take more than that to defeat King Vallidius Blue, a powerful being, if one ever walked the face of the Realms. Much more than that, I'm afraid. You will need to become a Master of the martial arts. To do this will at the very least require weeks of hard training, even in your enhanced state, which allows you a better capacity for learning new things quickly. I myself have practiced and studied the martial arts for thousands of years, constantly refining my technique, and I still feel that there is always more to learn. If you will become a master in such a short time, it will be a miracle in itself. Keep in mind, that the martial arts are the language of the body. Aside from the martial arts, we will also be studying a little battle-oriented magic."
	Andrew's ears perked up. Magical fighting. Mmmm. 	
	"But that will not be the main focus of our lessons here," Teltibane continued. "Experience has shown me time and time again that mortals are much more adept at the physical style of fighting than the magical."
	Andrew glance at Greybeard, who winked. It would be dwarf style, all the way. 
	"Kiara is highly trained in most forms of martial arts," said Teltibane. 
	Kiara gave a small bow.
	"You will fight her. You are nowhere near her level yet. And in strength, it is all but impossible to match her."
	Really? That slim girl? Andrew was skeptical. 
	"But you will learn from her."
	Learn from a girl how to fight? Please. 
	"You will add many kinds of kicks, jabs, and punches to the repertoire of grappling techniques that you already know through judo. Without further ado, let us begin."
	Teltibane went to the side of the courtyard, and took up the yoga position that he was in when they first met in the mountainside forest, floating serenely several feet off the ground.
	Kiara stood ten feet away from Andrew. She took up her fight stance, right foot forward, fists clenched, weight shifting constantly back and forth between both her feet. Knees bent slightly for a lower center of gravity. Her long black hair and matching black robe rippled in the breeze. She stared at Andrew coldly. Determination and focus were etched across her face.
	Andrew wasn't really sure what he was supposed to do now. He should hit the girl? It went against everything that he was taught.
	"Go on!" urged Teltibane from the sidelines. "Attack her!"
	So it's official orders then. Well, this should be easy. She was probably half his weight, with no muscle apparent. He approached her the way he was taught in judo class. Hands open, ready to grab and throw, or grab and choke. He got closer, but Kiara didn't move from her spot, neither towards him, nor away from him. He came even closer, close enough to put her into a hold and end the fight, when...his world turned upside down, and inside out. 
	All Andrew was aware of was that he was soaring through the air, fast. What had happened? One second he was going to grab her and put her into a hold, the next second, this. It was so quick, it took some time to register in his brain. 
	Now it came back to him. With a high pitched yell, Kiara had hit Andrew with an incredibly powerful roundhouse kick to his midsection. He was sent soaring for no less than twenty-five feet. He struck the stone floor hard, and he made three full backwards somersaults before coming to a stop. He would take a throw from Roger, his judo instructor over this any day of the week. This was brutal.
	Andrew lay on the stone. His entire body ached. Gingerly he rose, feeling if anything was broken. Miraculously, nothing was. No bones were broken, but that didn't mean that there was no pain. He had impacted with stone at high speed, and the pain was present in bucket loads. He shuffled back to where they were fighting, favoring his bruised right leg. How did she do that? So Teltibane hadn't been exaggerating about her.
	It was a paradox. An average, slim girl, possessed of all that strength. Andrew wondered what kind of being she was. Was she human, or was she some kind of magical super-girl? 
	Kiara one. Andrew, zero.
	"Again!" Teltibane commanded.
	Andrew approached her again, more warily this time. She punched at his stomach. He tried to catch her hand and turn it into a judo throw, but she was just too strong, and too fast. Her fist hit his stomach, hard. Andrew forced himself to take the pain, without doubling over into a compromising position.
	Then Andrew took two more quick punches to the head, followed by a hard elbow jab to the nose, and a kick to the knee.
	Andrew blacked out. Light enhanced strength or not, Kiara's sheer power was just too much.
	
	Andrew came to twenty minutes later, with Finor waving smelling salts under his nose. Blood poured out from his nose and the side of his head. He felt like it was high time for a nice long break, and some recuperation. This training session had to be over already.
	"We will wait five minutes, and continue," called Teltibane. "You are hurt, but you will heal quickly now. And your resilience will only continue to grow. With every blow you take, you become stronger.."
	'Five minutes?!' thought Andrew incredulously. 'I could use more like five days. I just got taken apart. By a girl. Get me a medic, shoot some stuff into my arm, and wake me up again when I can blink my eye without it hurting.'
	Five minutes passed, with Andrew lying on the floor of the courtyard.
	"How do you feel?" Teltibane asked.
	Andrew lay on the floor. He didn't even know if he would be able to stand. Would his injured legs support him? "Can someone please help me up?"
	"Andrew, stand up," said Teltibane simply.
	"Are you serious? Without anyone's assistance?"
	"Just trust me. Please .
	"Okay, sir. But when I collapse again, don't be surprised."
	Teltibane chuckled.
	Andrew pressed his hands to the floor, and heaved himself up. Whoa. How can this be?  
	"Can you stand? Does it hurt?" Teltibane asked.
	"Yes, sure I can stand," said Andrew. "No problem. And I'm feeling great. Yeah, it hurts a little. But overall I'm feeling just wonderful! How is this happening? What about those huge injuries I just absorbed?"
	Teltibane smiled warmly. "Andrew, it's like I told you. Your strength is enhanced, and your healing capabilities as well. Welcome to your new Light enhanced body."
	Andrew felt his fingers, his toes. Everything just felt so great, so incredible. The Light was a part of him now, and would bolster him. Awesome.
	"One last round for now," called Teltibane. "Then I will fight Kiara myself, to demonstrate good fighting technique. Begin."
	Andrew was humiliated at the way Kiara had so easily beat him in the first two rounds. The feeling was bordering on anger towards her. He forced himself to focus through the pain. To read Kiara, and beat her.
	This time Andrew caught the barely perceptible shift of Kiara's weight to her back foot. Which could only mean that in a millisecond she will kick. He got ready. Her foot lashed out. He sidestepped, and caught it. She rolled over twice in the air before hitting the ground, as he gave her foot a hard twist.
	In a flash Kiara was back on her feet. She threw a punch. Andrew deflected it, and countered with a punch of his own. She caught his arm, twisted it around so that her back was to him, and flipped him over her shoulder in a te guruma throw.
	Andrew landed hard on his back, and she pounced on top of him, ready to punish his face with her fists.
	"That's enough! We will need our Champion's face intact, I'm afraid."
	The fighters get up from the floor.
	"Even in this short time, you have improved, Andrew. Though you may not have notice it yet. And you will only continue to improve. Now, I will fight Kiara. I have spent thousands of years perfecting my technique. Watch, and learn."
	Andrew moved to the side to watch the fight between the old man and the slim girl. But Teltibane was no ordinary old man, and Kiara was no ordinary slim girl. Either of them could handily beat any Master back on Earth.
	Kiara started off the fight with a high punch to the head. Teltibane dodged, and countered with a jumping high kick. Kiara blocked it, and went into a combo. A punch to the left, a punch to the right, followed by a hard mid level kick. But Teltibane was fast, and he dodged the punches, and blocked the kick.
	Then Teltibane leaned in and struck as fast as a viper. He landed two quick punches on Kiara's side and head.
	Andrew observed Teltibane's style. It was very smooth. He flowed easily and effortlessly from one move to the next, from defense to offense and back again. He made fighting into an art form, his twirls and leaps as graceful as the ballet.
	The fight was a contest between Teltibane's superb technique and Kiara's sheer power. She didn't manage to land many blows on him, but the ones she did were devastating.
	Kiara and Teltibane fought three matches. Teltibane took two, and Kiara took one. Andrew tried to learn and absorb Teltibane's excellent technique.
	Then Andrew fought Kiara once again. He tried to incorporate some of Teltibane's stunning moves into his fight. But without practice, they couldn't do much for him. Again, Kiara took all three matches. But this time Andrew managed to catch her with a few punches in the second round, and in the third, he even got her into a judo hold, which she broke free of after a few seconds.
	It was frustrating. This slight girl was beating him in every fall.
	Teltibane stood. "Very good, Andrew. Let us break for lunch. After you will continue to train with Finor, who is a superb martial arts instructor. He will teach you many useful moves for empty handed-combat. Eventually, we will move on to weapons as well. Andrew, you did well for your first day."
	"Thank you sir."
	Andrew walked back to the castle with Greybeard, discussing the fights, breaking them down move by move.
	"Did you see how hard she kicked me...then I caught her foot...took her by surprise then, socked her hard on the jaw."
	If nothing else, Andrew had come to respect Kiara as a fighter. He had no more qualms about trying to attack her in a fight. But he was also determined to beat her, whatever it took.
	They walked through the majestic front hall and into the dining room. Lunch's main course that day was a delicious rabbit stew. Teltibane explained that in the Realm of the Light, the custom was different than that of the Realm of Green's; hunting animals for food was permitted. Mass slaughter of animals is not allowed though.
	"Teltibane, will I be fighting you?" Andrew asked.
	"I think it would be dangerous for you to fight me at this time. We should wait for you to grow stronger. But you have enough on your plate as it is with Kiara, I believe. Beat her, and we shall see about fighting me."	



Chapter Twenty Three

	After lunch Andrew paired up with Finor, the elf. They used a room in the castle that was stocked with martial arts equipment; weapons, punching bags, and the like. 
	Finor taught in the traditional way. He demonstrated a move, and Andrew attempted to replicate it. Then Andrew practiced the move until it became a part of him.
	The next five days were similar. Andrew fought Kiara in the morning, and she soundly beat him in every fall. Each time she took him down, Andrew's resolve to beat her grew stronger. Afternoons were spent with Finor, acquiring new moves and techniques.
	Training was grueling, like Teltibane said it would be. Andrew's body ached constantly. Many times he felt like giving up. If he can't even beat Kiara in a practice match, how will he defeat the mighty King Blue in a real fight? Besides, it was just so hard.
	At times like these Andrew thought of Katy, languishing in a dark cell, deep underwater. The only way to set her free is to defeat King Blue. And the only way to defeat King Blue is to practice and train hard for the battle. So giving up is not an option.
	Andrew lost to Kiara again several days into his training, and Teltibane offered him some advice. "In sheer strength and power, you will never best her. Focus more on polishing and perfecting your technique. There, you can hope to defeat her. An analogy to think about: Would you try to fight a ferocious tiger with strength? Of course not. You can never be stronger than it. You must rather try to outsmart it. Only there, can you hope to beat it."
	"Very well sir."
	So Andrew tried to change his focus from power to technique. But Finor was a stickler for order. He would not skip any steps. He will only move on to advanced techniques when Andrew has mastered all that comes before it.
	Therefore Andrew took another thrashing at the hands of Kiara the next day. He couldn't decide what hurts more: her devastating elbow jabs, or a throw onto the hard stone floor that they train on. Or the humiliation of it all.
	
	After lunch, Andrew found himself wandering aimlessly through the hallways of the castle, brooding over his defeats. He needed to learn the advanced moves. He needed it badly, so much so that it quite literally hurts, in the form of punches, kicks, and falls to the stone floor. 
	Finor wasn't going to teach them to him yet. It could be weeks and weeks before Finor felt that he had advanced to that level. And by then, the war could have already come, with no Champion to challenge Blue.
	Andrew turned a corner, and found himself in an unfamiliar section of the castle. A hallway of blue stone, with miniature sculptures adorning the shelves on the walls. He made to go back, but something at the end of the hallway caught his eye.
	A tall wooden door, with an elaborate carving of a magnificent bird stretching from its top to its bottom.
	Andrew studied the door. There was an inscription on it, three lines. He looked at the top one. It was in an elegant alphabet Andrew had never seen before, filled with swirls and dots. The second line was in the language of Man, and the third was in a variation of Dwarvish script.
	The English sentence read: "Come this way, both strong and weak, find within, the knowledge you seek."
	Andrew knew he had some time. He was curious what the room contained, and entered. It was filled with books. A library. Its many bookcases fanned out in every direction. The handsome furniture was made of a combination of tan and dark brown woods. Everything was decorated in a bird motif. There were bird carvings, bird sculptures, bird bookends. Two giant bird models hung from the ceiling. 
	There were three large sections, along with many smaller ones.
	Andrew was intrigued and wanted to explore more, but it was time for his afternoon lessons with Finor. He reluctantly exited the library, vowing to return as soon as he could.
	
	The afternoon was spent learning more novice kicks and punches with Finor. What Andrew considered to be largely a waste of time.
	After dinner Andrew sped back through the maze of castle hallways to the blue hallway and the exquisite bird-themed library.
	He entered and strolled through the rows of bookcases. Past rows of books written in the delicate swirl-and-dot filled script inscribed on the door. Past lines of shelves written in bold Dwarvish. Until he came to the third of the large sections. The one written in the language of Man.
	Now if he could only find a book on the martial arts...Andrew went down the line, searching.
	'Mad', 'malevolent', 'man', 'marsupial', 'martial arts'!
	He pulled the green leather-bound book from the shelf, and blew off the dust. Martial Arts Illuminated, by Kameneshi Ososaka.
	He sat down at a small round table with a bird statue for its leg. The first page of the book began with a quote"Possibility lies within you. You need only learn to harness your innate power and bring it to the surface." Underneath was a diagram of a man performing what the book called the 'reverse hip throw.' And the amazing thing about it was that the diagram moved! 
	Andrew looked at the diagram, following its movements. It demonstrated to him step by step how to perform the reverse hip throw correctly. The drawing moved magically, as did most of the drawings that filled the book. Like so many miniature, paper-thin television screens.
	He skimmed through the pages. The book was chock full of high level advanced technique. It drew its material from the best of every martial arts style. And each and every technique was accompanied by a moving diagram which demonstrated how to execute them properly.
	"Wow."
	Included next to each move was also a brief account of the move's origins. Inspirational quotes were sprinkled liberally throughout.
	Andrew looked at the book in awe. 'This is exactly what I need to beat Kiara! Advanced technique.'
	He took the book back to his room and pored over it for hours that night. Mr. Ososaka was a superb teacher. He explained each move in a crystal clear manner. He broke down the most complex of techniques into small bite size pieces that were relatively easy to master. 
	Andrew read one last quoteTransform your body into a weapon, guided by your souland grudgingly closed the book. If he would not be rested well, he would never beat Kiara, no matter how advanced his level.
	An interesting dream visited Andrew's mind that night. He found himself in an art gallery. He was looking at an assortment of paintings of martial artists in various poses, when the painted figures started to move. Then the martial artists climbed out of their paintings and came to life.
	"Thank you for releasing us from our prison, friend." The word friend dripped with sarcasm.
	"What do you want?" Andrew asked, backing into the brick wall. "I didn't do anything to hurt you."
	The warriors pressed in close, and attacked. Andrew battled them, and sent them back into their lifeless, two dimensional existences.
	Then the owner of the gallery, a slim, dark haired woman wearing a blue crown entered. Her long hair fell over her face, blocking it from view.
	"How dare you defeat my creations!" she screamed.
	They did battle. Before Andrew could see the outcome, he woke up. A new day. A new fight.
	
	The first match began. Andrew sent a high right kick to Kiara's head, a feint. He knew that she would have no trouble blocking it. She blocked, leaving her left side momentarily unprotected. He seized the chance with a forearm to the head. 
	Kiara swayed. With Andrew's enhanced strength, a normal man would have already been out of the fight at this point. But Kiara was anything but average. She bounced back like a spring, with a punch to Andrew's midsection.
	They fought on, and it ended with Kiara executing a perfect uchimata throw. 
	But the second fall was all Andrew's. Finally. He threw at Kiara the moves that he learnt from Martial Arts Illuminated. Many were very unique and exotic, and Kiara was not at all familiar with them. She didn't know how to respond. 
	Andrew performed three throws in quick succession. She recovered from each slower than the last. He was wearing her down, though she made a big effort not to show it.
	He studied her eyes, searching for that momentary lapse in concentration that was sure to come like the book taught him. He found it, and exploited it. He started with two weak punches, aimed at forcing her off balance and setting up the technique, and finishing with a devastating take down and choke hold, which if applied enough pressure could snap a man's neck.
	Kiara struggled, and was still. After weeks, Andrew had finally won his first match.
	Teltibane, Finor, and the workers on the sidelines cheered for their Champion. Andrew smiled. Kiara lay on the floor, rubbing her neck, and Greybeard rushed over to see if she was all right.
	Andrew was proud that he had finally beat her after all this time, and after all of those humiliating defeats. He had proved to himself that he could do it.
	They took a short break before the third fall. If Andrew won this one, he would have taken best of three.
	But this time Kiara played a more defensive game. She wasn't so quick to bite at the bait. Andrew managed to get in one good throw. But then she came at him hard and fast.
	Hard hook to the jaw. Vicious elbow to the temple. Devastating punch to the forehead. Andrew was dazed.
	Kiara's signature power roundhouse kick ended the fight, and Andrew was sent flying for more than thirty feet, as if he was launched from a cannon. He knew that he would be feeling that one for days, even before he landed.
	
	Teltibane walked to the center of the courtyard. "King Blue's weapon of choice is the long staff. A well-handled staff is best countered with, another staff. Finor and I shall demonstrate basic staff fighting technique."
	They demonstrated the proper stance for stick fighting, and some of the more basic moves. Then they took a break for lunch.
	Lunch was a tasty Realms fish called tergi with cooked vegetables. Andrew was weighing in his mind whether or not to tell everyone about the remarkable book that he had found. 	
	As if he has read his mind, Teltibane asked, "so Andrew, you displayed some extremely advanced technique today. Are you already up to there with Finor? Your capability to process new information is certainly enhanced by the Light, but I don't think that it is that enhanced."
	Teltibane's eyes gave Andrew a piercing gaze, his thick white eyebrows knotted together.
	Andrew put down his fork. "I learnt those techniques from a book called The Martial Arts Illuminated, which I found in the library in the northern end of the castle."
	Teltibane gasped. "Martial Arts Illuminated, by Kameneshi Ososaka?"
	"Yes, that's the one." Andrew was puzzled at Teltibane's surprise. He got it from the castle's own library, after all.
	"That is an extremely rare book!" 
	"You mean to say that I shouldn't have touched it? Fine, I will return it right away." Andrew felt hurt. How was he supposed to know that that book was off limits? It wasn't specially marked.
	"No, you did fine, my boy." Teltibane chuckled. "It is just that our library doesn't have a copy of Martial Arts Illuminated in its collection. Furthermore, our library is located in the southeast part of the castle, on the fourth floor. Not in the northern end."
	Andrew wondered if he had been hallucinating. And he was also quite embarrassed for talking about an imaginary library that doesn't exist in front of all these people.
	"Now tell me," said Teltibane. "Were there images of birds all over the room?"
	Andrew nodded. Was this some kind of test to confirm if he was crazy? Did crazy people see birds everywhere?
	"And on the door was an inscription?"
	"Yes," Andrew said.
	"What did it say?"
	"Come this way, both strong and weak" said Andrew. 	
	"find within, the knowledge you seek!" Teltibane completed the rhyme with him. "Excellent. The Library of the Seeker has come by for a visit."
	"What's the Library of the Seeker?" Andrew asked. 
	"There is an Elf called Tondlen Sirith-Crask, or bird-lover. It was he who first bred the great birds; Kilons, Forklants, and others, a great many years ago. Tondlen loves books as well. There is a age old debate among his admirers over which he is more passionate about; birds, or books. He collected many, many rare and valuable books over the ages. The Library of the Seeker is of his design. The room is enchanted to appear wherever it is needed most. It seems that our very own castle is its latest home!"
	"En Muglath din en Rengdol! The famous library of the Elf Tondlen. It has a large section of Dwarvish books, does it not?"
	"Yes," said Andrew. "And books of Men, and what I am guessing is elves too."
	"You must lead us there, Andrew, as soon as we finish eating," said Greybeard.
	After lunch, Andrew led the others through the halls of the large castle towards the enchanted library.
	They went through the bird engraved doors. Greybeard went straight to the dwarf section, selected a thick tome from the shelves, and sat down to read, while Finor and Teltibane perused the Elf books.



Chapter Twenty Four

	That afternoon Andrew practiced again with Finor. He was a very exacting instructor. He would not move on to the next move until Andrew mastered the preceding one to perfection.
	"I would rather fight a man who has practiced a thousand moves one time, then a man who has practiced one move a thousand times," Finor often said.
	Andrew spent much of his free time playing with Finor's daughter, Cenefore, though Finor disapproved, saying that Cenefore should spend more time studying so she should grow up to be a proper elf.
	At times Teltibane gave Andrew random bits of advice that he couldn't seem to understand. 
	"Even a thin stick can serve as an impregnable shield, if wielded right."
	"If the way under is blocked, then you must go over."
	"Where there is no path, forge one where there isn't."
	Andrew could not make heads or tails of these cryptic words, but he locked them away in his memory all the same, trusting that he would one day understand.
	
	One evening, Andrew was walking on the second floor of the castle, when he heard a loud humming sound coming from behind a closed door. It sounded like fifty refrigerators humming together. His curiosity got the better of him as he pushed the door open a crack to peek inside.
	The room was circular in shape. There was a circle of pillars in every color surrounding its center.
	In the middle stood Teltibane. His head was thrown back, and his eyes were closed. Fanned out behind him was his long white hair.
	"Hissssss."
	A cloud of smoky mist stretched out from each of the pillars that surrounded the center of the room, towards Teltibane's outstretched fingers. The colored tendrils of smoke were all bright and vivid. All but one. Blue's.
	Blue's mist was dark and murky, as if cast in shadow.
	Andrew stared at the spectacle, wondering what it all meant. Then the humming sound got lower, and the tendrils of mist receded into the pillars as the noise stopped completely. 
	Teltibane lowered his hands, and opened his eyes. "Hello Andrew."
	Andrew jumped. He didn't think that he could be seen from behind the door. Had he disturbed some sort of mystic ritual?
	"This is my Color Sensing Room. I use it to measure the vitality and stability of the Colors. Blue's has been darkening, fading, for some time now. He will surely declare war on Green soon. Andrew." Teltibane turned to look him straight in the eye, and began to speak with urgency. "You must train harder! You must train well! It breaks me to place so heavy a burden on such young shoulders. But you have been Chosen. There can be no other! So much depends on you. Now, promise me that you will push yourself to do all that you are capable of doing."
	"Okay," said Andrew. "I promise."
	"Thank you, Andrew. The young are more suited for the task. Becoming a true Champion is as much in the mind and spirit as it is in the strength and physical ability. One must have the right mindset, or the Light will have little effect. Younger minds are more receptive to change. If one is not actually young himself, then he must at least be young of mind."
	Teltibane gave Andrew a sad smile.
	"Now, you get a good night's sleep. If you defeat Kiara in two out of three tomorrow, we may move on to other things."
	"Yes sir," Andrew made to go to his room.
	"And Andrew?"	
	"Yes?"
	"Good luck! May the Light lead you."
	
	The next three days found Andrew occasionally beating Kiara in a match, but never in best of three. Andrew read Martial Arts Illuminated every night, devouring its words and diagrams like a starving man devours food.
	The book had a multifarious collection of moves and techniques. Everything from expert tips on the best way to throw a 'basic' punch, to advanced yoga breathing techniques, to complex kicks and throws.
	Mr. Ososaka had travelled far and wide, both on Earth and in the Color Realms, seeking out the masters, and including the cream of their knowledge in his book. 
	Andrew woke early every morning to limber up with stretches and exercises. Every day he hoped would be the day when he finally bested Kiara. But her immense strength and vast knowledge would always defeat him.
	Finally one day, Andrew's studying payed off. He bested Kiara in two out of three in the first set, and in three out of three in the second. The spectators cheered. Their Champion had his first victory.
	Kiara attempted her signature roundhouse kickthe one that had sent Andrew soaring so many times in the pastmany times that day. Each time, Andrew responded differently. Once he ducked, and countered with a low sweeping kick of his own, toppling her to the floor. Another he blocked with his forearm, and followed with a mid-level kick to her midsection. And he found other ways to counter as well. As his knowledge broadened, his fight improved.
	"Splendid," said Teltibane. He waved his arm, and a gold band appeared on the upper arm of Andrew's gi. "You have advanced in rank. Much of the remainder of your training will be with me now."
	Andrew felt a deep sense of accomplishment run through him. His first victory.	
	"I knew you could do it," said Greybeard. He winked. "Just don't go too hard on Kiara now, all right?" 
	
	They went for lunch, a spread of delectable salads and vegetable juice.
	"I have found some astonishing bits of information in various ancient Dwarvish books that I have come across in Tondlen's library," said Greybeard. "Dwarvish historians all wonder, why didn't Thesnulg the Stout come to his nephew Barglin Bloodfist's aid at the Battle of the Orange River? He certainly had the manpower and supplies needed to help his nephew and avert the massacre of Barglin's dwarves at the hands of the second Ries Elf Triumvirate that ensued."
	"Yes indeed," said Teltibane. "That question has puzzled many a historian for centuries, dwarf, elf, and man alike. What did you find?"
	"By the account of a dwarf soldier who was there at the time, the crafty Elf Lord Snarfax captured a trusted advisor of Barglin's, Ragskund son of Gagskund. He then bewitched him to ride to Thesnulg with a message that all was well, and his assistance would not be needed! Thesnulg didn't doubt the word of the trusted Ragskund, hence the direly needed aid was never sent."
	"That certainly explains the mystery," said Finor.
	"What else did you find of interest?" asked Kiara.
	Greybeard smiled. "Listen to this. The puzzle of the golden goblets of Turan King. You are familiar?"
	"Turan King had no children," said Finor. "He had three identical exquisite goblets created, each with an exact height and weight, and with perfectly precise proportions. They were covered with intricate designs, and impossible to replicate. He then had the goblets hidden throughout his Realm, in places where only the boldest of dwarves dare venture. Turan's Realm was to be divided between the finders of the cups. If only one was found, there would be only one King. If all three were found, his Realm would be split into three."
	"But four golden goblets were found!" said Kiara. "All exactly the same. Proportions, designs, weight, everything!"
	"Yet Turan had them made in a way that they would be impossible to duplicate. He even enchanted them to be impervious to a replicating charm. But still four were found, and the Realm was divided in four," said Teltibane. 
	"Aye," said Greybeard. "That is the great mystery of Turan's Goblets. But there is another, much lesser known mystery, concerning one Blundlop, son of Guldop. Blundlop was the Royal Smith in the court of Turan King. It was he who was originally commissioned to fashion the goblets to Turan's preferences. He had a very good job, working in the employ of the King. One that afforded him much comfort. And after Turan's death, he was retained in the service of the new King."
	Greybeard took a large bite of salad. "Exactly one year after Turan's death, Blundlop retired. He quit, and moved far away, never to be heard of again by the dwarves of Turan's Realm, where he had lived all his life." 
	He took a long swig of carrot juice. "Years later, a dwarf named Nelck wrote a book on the history of Turan King, his times and his wars. She investigated the enigma of the golden goblets for her book, determined to find the truth. Nelck thought it very strange that Blundlop retire at the height of his career, when he had so much going for him. Perhaps it had something to do with the mystery of the cups. She searched high and low for him. It took her ten long years to track him down, for he had long since changed his name and identity. When she finally caught up with him, what she found was an old and sickly dwarf, but one who was living like a king, with every luxury imaginable. After some pressure, Blundlop the Smith confessed. It was he who had surreptitiously fashioned the fourth cup, thereby breaking his oath to his King. But what was his motive?"
	"Yes, what did he have to gain?" Andrew asked. 
	"He made a deal with the finder of the fourth cup, Grynkle son of Vynkle. The goblet and the Kingship, in exchange for twenty percent of the tax gold that Grynkle would collect as ruler. Then he retired, moved far away, and lived off the ill-gotten tax money for the rest of his life."
	"Wow," said Finor. "Who would suspect that one of the King's personal servants would break his oath of loyalty like that?"
	"What happened next?" Andrew asked.
	"Blundlop was remorseful in his old age for the crimes he had committed against his King and his people. Much of his cut of the tax money had been invested over the years, with him not being able to spend even a fraction of the tremendous amount on himself. He wrote all of his considerable assets to Nelck the historian, and instructed her to return it to the dwarves that he had stolen it from."
	Greybeard took a big forkful of slig salad.
	"And then what happened?" asked Andrew.
	"Blundlop died, with no relatives. Nelck saw to it that he got a proper dwarvish burial. The wealth of Blundlop filled many a wagon. Nelck hired no less than six armed guards to escort her back to Turan's Realm."
	"So did it all work out in the end?" Kiara asked. "Was the money returned to its rightful owners? Was Grynkle removed from the throne?"
	"Alas, no. Nelck and her entourage were accosted by Lenowin and his bandits, on the road. The guards were killed. The treasure seized. And Nelck returned home just as she had come: with nothing but her unfinished book and the clothes on her back. Her original account of Turan's history now resides in the Library of the Seeker. It was never finished, due to various sicknesses that plagued Nelck for much of her later life. The hunt to find Blundlop took a big toll on her health."
	"What happened to Grynkle?" Finor asked.
	"Grynkle ruled a fourth of Turan's Realm for the rest of his life, and his son after him. Without the tax money, Nelck had no proof of her story. Suspicion was equal on all four of the finders."
	"Money can sway even the best of men. Especially large amounts of it," said Kiara.   
	"Real history doesn't always have a happy ending," Teltibane remarked. "Thank you Ganvian, for solving some of Dwarvish history's greatest riddles for us. Now, back to the present. Andrew, you have proven that you can fight on a high level. Finor has been going in order until now, starting from the basics, and working upwards from there. From now on he will be instructing you in more advanced techniques. King Blue fights with a staff, so there will be a special focus on stick-fighting, something that you will find to require considerable skill. And, tomorrow morning you will be training and sparring with me."
	"Okay," said Andrew. "It's great to move on."
	"Good. Off to the training room you go."
	Andrew and Finor started to practice with the six foot bo staff. They went through stance, proper grip, basic strikes, spinning and figure eight techniques.
	That night Andrew joined the castle workers in their customary singing on the third floor, read a bit of Martial Arts Illuminated, and retired early. Tomorrow was his first match with Teltibane. He would be tested against the old master.

	The next morning Andrew ate and went to the courtyard in front of the castle. They bowed, and the fight began. 
	Teltibane embodied the perfection of martial arts. Light on his feet, relaxed, smooth, fluid; flowing from one move to the next with ease and grace. Andrew thought that he gave new meaning to the term martial 'art.'
	Andrew had learnt by now that in the martial arts, sometimes one must follow the lead of his intellect, and other times one must allow his instincts to take control. Teltibane understood how to strike the perfect balance between the two. The result was stunning.
	It was more than a week before Andrew was able to claim his first victory against the ancient virtuoso. But the whole time he was learning and absorbing from the way Teltibane moved, soaking in his superb style.
	Once, Andrew attempted a highly advanced move that he found in Martial Arts Illuminated during a match between him and the old master. But Teltibane read the move with such ease, that Andrew wondered aloud where he had gone wrong.
	"I knew Mr. Ososaka," said Teltibane. "In fact, I taught him that move, for inclusion in his book. Of course he knew me under a different name then..."
	So Andrew was training with a master who was on such a high level that other masters learnt from him. Cool.
	Andrew also studied the art of stick fighting hard.
	"The staff is an extension of you," Finor taught. "You think, it moves. No intermission. No delay."



Chapter Twenty Five

	It was now early June. Andrew had been in the Realms for over three months. He trained at the castle for two months, one of those with Teltibane. He could now beat Teltibane on occasion, but still very rarely. But beating the old master was hardly the point. Andrew learnt valuable lessons each and every day.
	He got to see the spectacle of the Lighting every morning from up close. The great, bright beams of Color converged on the point of the prism, along with thousands of the smaller, personal beams. The prism combined and redirected the Colors, so that they joined together in a great shaft of Light, channeled upwards to the heavens. The shining Light became visible against the blue sky. Then the Light spread out and diffused into all of the world. 
	
	One night after dinner, Hemsly, a castle gardener who Andrew was a little acquainted with, approached him. Excitement and eagerness was written on his round, boyish face.
	"Wanna see somethin' special? Somethin' you've never seen before?"
	"All right." Andrew said.
	"Here, take a torch. We'll be goin' through the forest." 
	"What is it?"
	"You'll see."
	They hiked out onto the grounds and through the forest to the other side. There was a large, metal, pen there, a latticework of rods and beams. Its walls were some twenty-five feet high, and a domed web of crisscrossing metal rods formed its roof.
	Lying on the floor of the pen was what could only be a fully grown dragon. Its chest rose and fell rhythmically in slumber, while steam seeped out of its nostrils. 
	"Ain't he a beauty," whispered Hemsly. 
	"Wow, a real dragon," said Andrew. "Incredible! I wonder if they are related to dinosaurs. According to Greybeard, dragons originated on Earth. Perhaps they escaped the cataclysm that killed out the dinosaurs because of their ability to fly."
	The torchlight flickered over the dragon's green-blue scaly body and dark lavender wings and tail.
	"'Found him out in the wildlands, injured, his wing so damaged that he couldn't hunt. Half starved to death. I suspect that it's from a fight with another dragon for territorial dominance. I took him in, set his wing, and put him on the road to recovery. He'll eat out of my hand now. Let me show you. It's time for his nightly feeding."
	Hemsly pulled a large slab of putrid meat out of his sack. "He likes it rotten. Gives it a pungent flavor."
	He unlocked the gate and approached the dragon slowly.
	"Don't wanna frighten him," he whispered. "I call him Cuddles."
	"Cuddles?"	
	"You know, because he's all cute and cuddly."
	Andrew thought that the fearsome looking dragon was anything but cute and cuddly, but he didn't argue. And he could kind of see what Hemsly meant, if you shrunk the dragon down to one hundredth of its size, removed its fangs, switched its scales for fur, took away its fire-breathing ability.....
	The smell of rotten meat wafted up into Cuddles' nose. It took the dragon a moment to realize that he wasn't dreaming. He opened one hubcap-sized green eye, then the other.
	Hemsly adopted a sing-song voice. "Daddy brought you some tasty meat to eat."
	Andrew thought it sounded ridiculous
	Cuddles stood to his full gigantic height and devoured the rotten meat. In three quick bites, he ate the entire humongous slab.
	"There's a good lad." Hemsly affectionately patted the dragons blue snout. "Eat all the food that daddy gives you, and you will grow big and strong again."
	Then the dragon suddenly stopped chewing.
	"What's wrong?" Hemsly asked. 
	He spit out the slimy, saliva covered meat onto the floor.
	"What's the matter? Meat not rotten enough?" Hemsly asked.
	In response, Cuddles swept out with his giant foreleg, knocking Hemsly back fifteen feet into the metal wall of the cage with a crash. He scrambled out of the enclosure and quickly locked the gate.
	Then Cuddles went to the wall of the pen and started to breathe fire onto it.
	"Oh dear," said Hemsly.
	The dragon poured fire onto the wall for several minutes. The metal was starting to bend under the sustained heat. Then Cuddles stopped, and started to kick at the already softened metal frame.
	"Cuddles!" shouted Hemsly in an authoritative voice. "Cuddles! Stop this at once! Daddy says no!"
	Cuddles lazily afforded Hemsly a brief look, and went right back to his kicking. The entire cage structure shook, and the sound of crashing metal filled the air. 
	Hemsly rummaged through his pockets. "Where is that sleeping powder?" 
	He found the bottle he was looking for and emptied its powdery contents into his hands. Running over to the dragon he flung the substance into its face.
	Cuddles gave the frame one final kick, and attempted another, but his leg sank to the ground in mid kick, as the potent powder took effect. His eyes closed, and he tumbled to the ground with a loud thump that shook the floor.
	"You can't tame a dragon," said Andrew. "I think that's the lesson to be learnt here."
	"Oh, he's normally not at all like this," said Hemsly defensively. "He was just upset about the meat."
	"When will he be fully healed?" 
	"I would say about two to two and a half weeks. Hey, you know what? In a few days he should be ready for his first flight since his injury. I reckon that you can ride him then!"
	Hemsly beamed at Andrew, as though he were offering him the world.
	But the dragon didn't look at all tamed to Andrew, no matter what Hemsly thought. "I don't know."	
	"C'mon. When will you ever again get the chance to ride a real dragon? Like you said, they all left Earth years ago. This will really be something to tell your friends back home about."
	'If I survive it, you mean,' thought Andrew.
	"Um..."	
	"And, I would never attempt to ride a fully healthy dragon without a special custom made saddle and all. But Cuddles is still healing, and his flight will be weaker, so you won't need it. It's really a once in a lifetime chance!"
	"Okay. I'll do it."
	Andrew didn't know why he was agreeing to the insane task. He just felt somehow that it was the right thing to do.
	"That's great! He won't even know you're riding him. Isn't he smart? He knew to first melt the metal, then kick it."
	"Yeah. Um, very smart. Totally." Andrew's mind was still occupied with the thought of what he had just gotten himself into. Insanity.
	Hemsly glowed with pleasure. "He's my baby."
			


Chapter Twenty Six

	The following morning, Andrew trained again with Teltibane.
	"Today, we will be taking a break from fighting to train in the art of magical levitation. If you can take your fight to the air, you will have a distinct advantage over your opponent. Allow me to demonstrate."
	Teltibane took a pinch of what looked like grey snuff, brought it to his nose, and inhaled. Then he uttered a spell word; "kangelis", and rose up off the ground, thirty feet into the air. His grey-blue robes billowed in the wind as his long white locks fanned out behind him. Slowly, he descended back down to the ground.
	"Most mortals would find this spell to be very difficult. But for one who has been touched by the Light, all gates are open before him."
	"So, how exactly do I do this?" Andrew asked.
	"There are essentially three things you must do. There is the special ground herb, Lysier." Greybeard held up the gold colored snuff box. "You must inhale it. It is rare and expensive. Then there is the spell word, Kangelis, that you must utter. And much more importantly then any of these, you will need willpower. Willpower to release your body and being from the laws of the universe that bind it. Not an easy task. Those are the basics. Now, why don't you try it."
	Andrew took a pinch of the herb. Then he muttered the word Kangelis. He focused his mind on lifting himself, on trying to fight gravity. Nothing happened.
	"Close your eyes! Concentrate!"
	He concentrated harder. Still nothing happened.
	"Keep on concentrating!"
	Ten minutes passed, and Andrew remained as grounded as a bird with no wings and an airplane with no engine.
	"Andrew, let's try a different approach. I will levitate you. Then I will release you, and you will attempt to stay airborne. Perhaps it will be easier than trying to levitate yourself directly from the ground."
	"Okay," said Andrew. "Just not too high please."
	Andrew took another pinch of the herb. Then Teltibane stretched out his open hand towards him. He lifted his hand, and Andrew rose. It was as though a tractor beam extended from the palm of Teltibane's hand to Andrew's torso.
	Then, when Andrew was about twenty five feet in the air, "I'm going to release you!" 
	Teltibane closed his hand, severing the magical connection. Andrew hovered in the air, twenty five feet off the ground. His face broke out into a large smile.
	"Look! It's working!" 
	But Andrew's joy was short lived. Only two seconds later he started to descend. Rapidly. He plunged towards the stone floor, and another injury...but Teltibane caught him, sparing him of yet another rough spill onto the hard stone courtyard.
	Andrew stood up.
	"Andrew, what were you doing?" 
	"Levitation. Uh, I thought the spell word, and I concentrated."
	"Yes, you concentrated," said Teltibane. "But on what?"
	"It was different each time. The first time, I tried to use the power of my mind to break the laws of gravity. And the second time I willed myself to fly." Andrew didn't know where he had gone wrong.
	"Aha! Therein, lies the problem. You tried to break the laws of gravity. But gravity is an iron clad law of the universe. You cannot break it any more than you can will the entire world into non-existence. That is beyond the reach of beings like us. Neither can you fly. You are not a bird, and you do not have wings. No spell or magic in the world can allow you to fly without wings."
	"So how does it work then?" Andrew asked. "How can I levitate myself without changing the laws of gravity, and without growing wings?"
	"But, here is what you can do. You can separate your body from the influence of the world's gravity by changing the structure of the atoms that make up your mass. Within every atom, there are particles that give that atom mass, as you probably know from school. You can change those particles, and cause them to orbit in a way that they cease to provide you with mass. This is within your power to do, especially with the aid of the Light. The Light can help you change."
	"What is the advantage of this way? Why is it better than what I tried?" Andrew asked.
	"This way you are not butting heads with the laws of the universe, which cannot be broken by us mere Men. Rather, you are circumventing them."
	"Okay. So I can circumvent gravity by changing my molecular structure. But how do I move around in the air in a controlled manner, once airborne? Wouldn't I just float through the air without any control over my direction?"
	"Very astute. That's where step two comes into play, which is to change yourself from a being that moves in two dimensions to one that moves in three. This is another change made possible by magic, and enhanced in you by the Light."
	"That's a lot to concentrate on," said Andrew. "And I will need to be able to fight in the air as well. Is there another way?"
	"I am proficient in one other method. It is the method that I prefer to use myself, though it runs a bit deeper. But if you can master it, you will ultimately have a greater mastery and control over your levitation. To execute it, you must think and believe yourself to exist in your own sphere of influence. You must exist in your own, miniature universe, with its own set of laws. In your universe, where you make the rules, unaffected by the other, larger universe around you. This, coincidentally, is also the aim of Tai-gon-wo, a form of yoga that I am fond of. Its goal is to find the place in one's mind that is totally his, and his alone. Unaffected, uninfluenced, and unperturbed by anyone or anything. To find oneself wholly and completely."
	'That's also a lot to chew on,' thought Andrew. 
	"That is the philosophical approach to magical levitation. So Andrew, you have both the scientific and the philosophical approaches before you. Utilize whichever suits you best. And I should also note that this is advanced magic. I wouldn't expect it of you to master it immediately. Take your time. Trying to rush things will likely only make it harder."
	"Okay. I will practice often until I get the hang of it."
	"I feel that this skill can be of great use in a fight," said Teltibane. "Another whole dimension open before you. Instead of ducking a blow, you can jump. Instead of jumping, soar. It would be dreadfully useful in combating King Blue and his minions."
	"Are there any boundaries or limits to magical levitation?" Andrew asked.
	"Yes, of course. There are limits as to how long one can remain airborne, and as to the distance one can travel through the air. This varies from person to person. It depends on several factors, including your state of mind at the time of levitation, and your level of experience. With time, you will get a feel of your own range, and know when you are approaching it."
	"What happens if I am in the air when I hit my limit. Do I just drop out of the sky?" 
	"Sometimes you will, but other times you won't, rather you will go into a slow descent. The reasons for this are the matter of debate in theoretical magic. If you wish to delve deeper into it, I would recommend Levitation Dissected, by Madrique Kolosky, and The Airborne Arts, an analysis, by Lenna Figroy's daughter. Both can be found in our own castle library, and probably in the Library of the Seeker as well. But again, most will acquire a sense of their range and limits with a little time, so this is usually not an issue."
	Andrew nodded.
	"Now that you have an understanding of the underlying concepts behind levitation, let us try once more. Choose your method, inhale the Lysier, think the spell word, and attempt to rise into the air. Concentration and willpower are the key here," said Teltibane.
	Andrew felt that he didn't have so firm a grasp on the philosophical way, so he chose the scientific method and tried to magically remove the mass from his body.
	A couple of hours passed with Andrew getting no closer to levitating himself than the stone floor beneath him.
	"That's okay," said Teltibane. "It takes some time to grasp. Now Andrew, you have been training hard for some time now, learning to use your body to its fullest potential. As a test of your skills and capabilities tomorrow you, Finor, and Greybeard will go into ulthar country. There you will take on a band of ulthars."
	'This shouldn't be too hard. I'll use my katana,' Andrew thought.
	As though he had read his mind, Teltibane said, "you will not be allowed a sword. You are a superb swordsman, a rare natural. With your sword in hand, the challenge will be greatly reduced. You may wield a staff. But, you will be expected to take on at least three of the enemy in empty-handed combat, to prove your skill there."
	Bummer! No sword.
	"Why isn't Kiara going?" Andrew asked. 
	Teltibane smiled. "With the strength of Kiara at your side, the challenge will be greatly diminished, don't you think? She and I will watch from above. The ulthars will be better armed than you. Blades to your staff. I have instructed Finor to focus on disarming techniques this afternoon. I suggest that you look some up in Ososaka's book as well. And you should know that these ulthars will be harder to defeat than the ulthars of the Nenw mines, who don't get to do much fighting in those long abandoned caves. Whereas the ulthars you will face tomorrow are always fighting in one battle or another and will be experienced warriors. Good luck, Andrew, and please pay attention to Finor today. It could save your life tomorrow."
	
	Andrew spent hours that day learning how to disarm an opponent both with a staff and empty-handed. He also read up on ulthar physiology in the castle library, to learn their weak spots. He discovered several useful things. The left side of an ulthars neck is usually much weaker than the right side. Ulthar's have two hearts, one is in the center, rather than on the left, and about six inches lower than a human heart. The other is in the midsection, about nine inches below the first.
	The group ate breakfast the following morning together. Teltibane instructed that they meet in one hour's time in a room on the second floor to prepare to embark. Andrew was full of anticipation along with some fear over the upcoming battle.
	When Andrew made it to the room on the second floor, Finor, Greybeard, and Kiara were already there. Finor was brooding in a corner, his thoughts in some dark recess of his mind. His dark eyes were like deep black pits, mirroring his train of thought.
	Greybeard and Kiara were arm wrestling. Every few seconds there was a loud "slam!" as Greybeard's hand was slammed into the table. It ended when Kiara slammed his hand into the table so hard that it cracked down the middle.
	"Oops," Kiara giggled. "Don't tell Teltibane that I cracked it. He can be psycho about his antique furniture."
	"He can?" said Andrew.
	Kiara imitated the deep voice of the old wizard. "That chair was present at the inauguration of Belfas the thirty third. It's priceless."
	At least she seems to be enjoying herself and loosening up a little, Andrew thought.
	Greybeard laughed. "Of course not. It must have been the humidity. The moisture in the air. Like they say, water can carve through stone, so surely it can cut through wood. Oh, even better! It just happened by itself. The old table just went and committed suicide. It was driven mad, by the constant pressure on it to always look nice and beautiful, so it went and kicked the bucket."
	"Right," Kiara shot back. "Just like your arm lost all those arm wrestles all by itself, hmm?"
	A smile danced on Finor's lips. "If you tease Kiara, she is liable to turn into her true form, the Great Wyvern, and swallow you whole."
	Everyone laughed. Gallows humor.
	"If all this teasing is making you guys feel better about Greybeard getting murdered by a girl in arm wrestling, its fine by me," said Kiara.
	Andrew grinned. "Wait till I tell my friends back home that in the Color Realms tables crack on their own accord, and hands have minds of their own. They'll never believe me."
	Teltibane arrived at last, carrying several items; a long, black staff, an old-fashioned looking-glass, and a primitive megaphone of sorts.
	He gave half a glance at the broken antique table, and began to speak. "Good news. We have reports of an ulthar raid in the town of Pelkut, which is about a one and a half hour's flight from here by Kilon bird, due south," as the wizard spoke, he pointed his left fist at the broken table, and opened it. Both halves exploded into a million tiny splinters, floating in a cloud in the air. He then clenched his fist, and the pieces zoomed back together to form an exquisite, miniature wooden peacock. "No, that's not right," Teltibane muttered half to himself. His tone suggested that he was slightly annoyed with himself for some reason. He opened his fist again, and this time the newly formed wooden peacock exploded into thousands of splinters. He closed his fist once more, and the splinters came together to form the table that it originally was.
	"Is that still the original table that was present" Kiara asked.
	"At the signing of the Acag Namtra?" Teltibane finished for her. "Perhaps not. But it doesn't matter. For today it has been witness to a much greater event in history: the briefing of the Champion of the Light, Andrew Cilifax, on his first mission as Champion. Its historical value has only increased."
	"Oh."
	"So in brief, a pack of Wan-Mli ulthars have raided the village of Pelkut. They have made off with many horses, wagons, and other items. We can kill two warsuckles with one ragnut here. Test our Champion in battle, and return the stolen loot."
	"I shall use my axe then," Greybeard grunted. "The Wan-Mli have long learned to fear the dreaded battle axe of the mighty Gaastha." 
	"And I shall make use of my knives, which have ever served me well," said Finor.
	And Andrew would be stuck with the blunt staff.
	"Very well," said Teltibane. "Everyone must stick to the plan, or the test will be a failure, and we will have wasted precious time and squandered a good opportunity."
	They all nodded.
	Teltibane handed Andrew the black staff. "This is made of brez wood. Very strong, and very light. In the unlikely event that it breaks, you are trained in the short staff as well, yes?"
	"Yes sir."
	"Are we ready then?" Teltibane asked.
	"Yes!" they all shouted as one.
	"Then what are we waiting for? Let's go hunt some ulthar meat!"



Chapter Twenty Seven

	Teltibane led the others to the five Kilon birds that were assembled outside the castle. They mounted the beautiful birds and were off, soaring over the beautiful scenery of the Realm of the Light.
	They flew south. Before long they spotted a band of creatures, moving through a wide path that cut through the forest. Teltibane pointed at the band. Then he veered right, towards the path. The others followed. He flew to a spot on the path some two miles ahead of the band of ulthars. 
	They landed. Finor, Greybeard, and Andrew dismounted.
	"Into position!" said Teltibane.
	They hid behind the trees that lined the path. Andrew on the south side, Finor and Greybeard on the north.
	Teltibane and Kiara took off again into the cloudy sky, with the other three Kilons in tow.
	A few minutes passed, and the sounds of whinnying horses and arguing ulthars could be heard. Then the ulthars became visible. Andrew counted more than twenty riders.
	Finor stepped out from behind the trees into the middle of the path. He stood tall and proud, like an elf. 						
	"Halt!" Finor called. "I command you stop, in the name of the King!"
	"What is this?" sneered the lead ulthar, his yellow-skinned face twisting in contempt, large cut-up ears flapping in the breeze. "What do you want with such fine, law abiding citizens as us?" 
	The rest of the ulthars laughed.
	"A relic has been stolen from the Townhouse at Stockweather. Orders are to search all passer-bys. You know the law. You must all dismount, immediately. Cooperate, and there will be no trouble."
	"And what if we don't?" the ulthar sneered.
	"Then I will report you."
	"And what if I arranged for you to be missing you head? What will you do then?" 
	The other ulthars laughed uproariously. 
	"You know that retaliation will be swift from the King upon the Wan-mli clan," Finor answered calmly. 
	The chief ulthar grudgingly dismounted. The others followed his lead. Finor approached, to search him.
	The ulthar muttered something about 'elves' and 'filthy'.
	"What was that?" asked Finor sharply. "Speak up!"
	"Nothin'" said the ulthar.
	Finor came closer and started to pat him down. 
	"Why if it isn't Finor Naskul Mus!" the ulthar drawled in a loud voice. "Been to see your daddy lately?"
	The ulthar company roared with laughter.
	And that was the last thing that he ever said, as Finor plunged a knife deep into his heart. His front darkened with blood, as he slumped to the ground.
	That was their cue. The point of Finor's act was to get the ulthars to dismount. Now Andrew and Greybeard sprang out from their hiding places. Greybeard rushed directly into the heart of the ulthar company, battle axe swinging, war cries screaming from his mouth.
	Andrew advanced more warily, blunt brez staff out against the better armed ulthars. One wrong move, and he was dead.
	"It's a trap!" cried one of the ulthars. They were all shouting in confusion.
	"Some trap!" boomed the new leader. "Three against twenty-three. Ha! Kill them all!"
	Finor threw his knives with deadly accuracy. As soon as they struck, he magically drew them back to his hands. Like metal to a powerful magnet. He used four long, thin knives with great skill and dexterity. As two of the knives flew away from him towards their targets, the other two soared back. It appeared as though he was juggling the four knives horizontally.
	If the elf kept it up he would decimate the ulthar company in a matter of minutes. And Andrew would fail to be tested. 
	"Hold off Finor!" called Teltibane from above, his voice magnified by his primitive megaphone. "Leave some for our Champion to battle."
	Finor complied. He sheathed two of his knives, and ceased to throw the others. Instead, he stood his ground more or less, fighting any ulthar that dare challenge him with the remaining unsheathed knives.
	The screams of wounded and dying ulthars filled the wooded battlefield as Finor, Greybeard and Andrew sunk their teeth into them. The ulthars first arose from Darkness. When they die, Darkness reclaims them. A horrible fait, one even worse than their wretched lives. 
	Andrew crept deeper into the fray. His objective was to kill the ulthars. Not wound, not render unconscious, but kill. Which meant that he would need to execute his strikes with great strength and precision, if he was to be sure to deal a killing blow.
	Two of the ulthars, seeing the black bloodshed, decided that flight was preferable to fight if it allowed them to keep their lives.
	The pair leaped onto a wagon, snapped the reins, and were off. In the heat of the battle they were hardly noticed.
	"Don't let them get away!" called Teltibane from high above.
	The wagon picked up speed. Andrew ran after it as fast as he could. In just three seconds it would be beyond his reach. He made an almighty leap, and miraculously managed to grab on to the end of the wagon, staff held by his teeth.
	He heaved himself up to the top of the speeding wagon. The ulthars didn't notice a thing. He crept forward until he was at the front edge of the wagon top, right behind the driver's seat, and looked down at the deformed, scarred heads of the ulthars.
	Andrew laid a vicious blow onto the scarred, bruised head of the driver, who promptly dropped like a sack of potatoes out of the speeding vehicle.
	But now the other ulthar was aware of the 'stowaway'. With great agility, he leapt onto the top of the wagon as he drew his wicked looking notched scimitar. This greenish tinged ulthar had an extra eye on his chin, and only one ear. He glared at Andrew, rage flowing out from his eyes. Andrew glowered back with hatred just as equal.
	The ulthar made some unintelligible noises and hissed, "Aaah, uungh, pawn of Ruyoloth!"
	"All bad things must come to an end," Andrew quipped.
	The scimitar met Andrew's staff with a great CLANG! that sent strong vibrations down to his wrists.
	The driverless wagon careened this way and that along the wooded path. Andrew struggled just to stay on his feet. An offensive was all but out of the question. Slowly, the powerful ulthar backed Andrew down to edge of the wagon....
	Then Andrew saw his chance. He moved to the left. The ulthar copied. THUNK! His head struck a low hanging branch at high speed and he toppled to the floor.
	Andrew ducked, and felt the branch zoom right over him. 
	"Good bye, friend. If only that extra eye of yours would have been on the back of your head, and you would still be alive!" 
	Andrew jumped into the driver's seat. He slowed the wagon, and turned it around like he had learnt to do on Jonah's farm weeks earlier. He raced back to the main battle.
	By now, only six ulthars remained from the original twenty three: A huge brute of an ulthar, his skin white as snow with a glenvin tattoo on his left bicep, who wielded a large spear; a thin, swarthy one, his yellow eyes darting around the battlefield, who was armed with two, two-and-a-half-foot-long sticks with short blades connected to their tops; a fat, slow ulthar, who had an extra nose below his normal one. He was covered in so many tattoos, that his light colored skin appeared black. He carried a wicked looking long blade. Another ulthar, about seven foot three, with rippling muscles, and a nasty burn mark running across his face, who packed a mace. And two more similar looking ulthars, with above average builds, dark grey skin, and long white hair, streaked with yellow. They were armed with short swords and square shields.
	Andrew dropped the staff. It was time for his trial in empty-handed combat. Much of his training and studying of the past few weeks would be put to the test.
	"Distract the others!" Andrew called to Greybeard and Finor. "I'm going in for the darker grey skinned one!"
	Andrew approached. The ulthar slashed. Andrew dodged. He slashed again. Andrew blocked with his forearm to the ulthars wrist. He caught the ulthar's wrist and twisted. His grip loosened, and he dropped the sword. A punch to the mid section, followed by a vicious chop to the right spot on the ulthars neck, and he was down for the count.
	Andrew advanced on the yellow-eyed nervous ulthar. This time he didn't even bother with disarming. Before the ulthar could strike, Andrew jumped high and kicked him in the chin. He stumbled backward. Andrew seized the chance with a powerful three punch combo to the head. Two down, one to go.
	Andrew decided to take on the huge, hulking white ulthar for his last empty handed kill. The ulthar regarded him haughtily.
	"So you think that just because you killed Guz and Lugo, that it will be easy to kill Pahsgrath Hammerhand, most fearsome of the Wan-Mli?" he sneered. "Let me introduce you to my little friend, 'Deathspear'."
	The ulthar swung the blunt side of the spear towards Andrew like a staff. This unorthodox move took Andrew by surprise, and he didn't calculate that Pahsgrath would possess such speed for his great size either. The spear handle caught Andrew hard on the side of the head and sent him tumbling to the ground.
	"Now that you two are introduced, perhaps you'd like to get better acquainted," laughed Pahsgrath.
	The ulthar jumped high in the air, spear gripped with both hands above his head. Andrew rolled at the last second as the spear plunged into the ground, where moments before Andrew's heart was. But it did manage to nick Andrew's side, and his red blood poured out of the wound, to mix with the dirt and black ulthar blood already on the battlefield floor.
	The ulthar lifted Deathspear for another strike. Andrew twisted out of the way again, but this time with his left hand he caught the spear by its shaft, preventing Pahsgrath from pulling it from the ground. This was perhaps Andrew's last chance. In a moment Pahsgrath would simply kick his hands out of the way. He scrambled to his knees and delivered a swift chop to the shaft of the spear.
	The top snapped off and Andrew flung the blade into the forest. "Oops. Looks like I killed your little friend. Better not let them talk to strangers in the future."
	Pahsgrath was visibly angry about losing his prized weapon. "You kill my friend, I kill you!"
	Pahsgrath tossed the spear handle aside and went into a boxer's stance.
	They did battle. Pasgrath was quite skilled at unarmed combat. They traded blows. Andrew was quicker, but Pahsgrath fought much harder, with much greater strength. Andrew felt over and over first hand why Pahsgrath was nicknamed 'Hammerhand'. He wasn't sure how much more of the beating he could take. His entire face and arms would probably be black and blue before it was over.
	Then Andrew saw his chance. Finor turned and walked, his knives out. He would be at the right spot in just a second... the world froze for a second, and Andrew saw everything clearly. Yes, it would all come together just perfectly. He backed up, took a running start, and executed a mighty flying kick to Pahsgrath's chest. The brute flailed his arms and stumbled backwards, impaling himself on Finor's exposed knives. 
	"May Bunotah avenge me," he whispered. The ulthar was finally dead. 
	Andrew swayed, weakened by the battle and his loss of blood. He sat down heavily on a nearby wagon.
	Teltibane and Kiara landed amidst the carnage. Teltibane ripped away Andrew's shirt, exposing an ugly wound to his side. "I'm going to apply some Wegaline Pulp. It will clean the wound and jump start the healing process."
	Andrew just nodded, too tired to talk.
	Teltibane poured a thick purple goo onto the cut. It burned briefly, and the bleeding slowed. "We will patch you up better when we get to the castle, Andrew. Congratulations. You will ride back with Ganvian. Ganvian, hold on to him tight. See to it that our Champion doesn't fall off."
	"Yes sir."
	"Did I pass the test?" Andrew asked.
	"Of course you did," said Teltibane. "You did well."
	"But I used Finor's knives for the final one."
	"Oh, that's nothing. You didn't wield those knives. You were empty-handed. That's just a case of utilizing your surroundings, a valuable skill in any fight. It is like throwing you enemy into the ground, which is akin to using the ground and gravity as a hammer, correct? Yet it's still considered empty-handed. It is merely using your surroundings. In that case, the ground, in this case, a bystander's knives. Now you have been tested in real combat, and your training is nearly complete. You are almost ready to take on the full title of Champion."
	"What of the stolen goods?" asked Finor.
	"Yes, I nearly forgot about them. Thank you Finor, for reminding me. Let's see...which spell to use...yes I think I've got it. Okay. Seliem, Selumba, Sorvient," Teltibane drew a rectangle in the air with his finger, and a silver door with a black doorknob appeared. Teltibane opened the door, and a golden horse stepped out.
	"Where to?" asked the horse lazily.
	"Pelkut town center," said Teltibane.
	"Right away," drawled the horse, and it set off for Pelkut, the town whence the ulthars had come.
	"If you see my mother, tell her I didn't do it!" called the horse over his shoulder.
	Teltibane chuckled. "I will, Corian."
	"Take care now Corian," called Finor.
	"All in a days work."
	"They will follow him home," said Teltibane. "Come, let us fly back to the castle. One of our spies awaits us there to give reports of troop movements in the vicinity of Blue's fortress. We must attend to this at once."
	


Chapter Twenty Eight

	They flew back to the castle on the speed of the majestic Kilon birds' wings. A petite woman with long, dark red braided hair and brown eyes, dressed in blue, was waiting there. 
	"Ah, Wengillian, what news from the front?" Teltibane inquired.
	"Yesterday morning over five thousand Blue soldiers by my estimate, emerged from the ocean near Blue's undersea fortress. We fear this may be a sign that war is imminent."
	A chorus of voices broke out, debating what the troop movements meant exactly, and what course of action should be taken in response.
	There was a knock at the door.
	"Yes?" Teltibane called.
	A castle worker poked his head around the door.
	"What is it, Noflin?"	
	"A man dressed in the manner of the Blues arrived via Kilon bird. Requests an urgent council with Milord."
	"That would be Masnog or Ruflog. Send him in."
	A grey haired, thin, slightly balding man limped into the room.
	"Masnog, what news do you bear?" Teltibane asked.
	"Better news. It is not as we thought. Wengillian left for the Citadel as soon as Blue's troops left the water. But all they did was march several miles to then partake in war games. They returned back to the sea several hours later. Then more emerged from Blue's compound, and did the same."
	"So it is not a sign that war is imminent, as we feared. But it is a sign that war is very near. Uncomfortably near," said Teltibane. "Masnog, return to you post. If you spot any more troop movements, you are to report to me at once." 
	"Yessir." Masnog left.
	"Wengillian, wait here while I pen a letter to King Yionaffe Green. He should send an envoy of diplomats to Blue, right away. We must try to avert this war at all costs."
	"Very well sir."
	"Everyone else is dismissed to their regular duties. Andrew, we don't have much more time to spare for levitation. War may be near. Read up on it. We will practice for just two more days. After that, we shall move on to other spells that may prove useful in a fight."
	"Okay," Andrew said.	
	
	The crowd dispersed. Andrew set off towards the castle library in search of a book that would explain the concepts of levitation clearly, without too many technical magic words.
	"Hey Andrew, wait up!" 
	Andrew turned to see the plump Hemsly, smiling at him.
	"I know that everyone is all busy with the war and all that, but that doesn't mean you can't still have some fun, does it? I reckon Cuddles is about ready fer you to ride. How 'bout tomorrow, after lunch?"
	"Fine, I guess," Andrew said.
	But Andrew's lack of enthusiasm didn't rub off on Hemsly. "Great. It is going to be a real special experience. See you tomorrow then!"
	Hemsly went off to attend to his duties, and Andrew continued on to the castle library on the fourth floor. He found a book that looked promising; Taking Off, Levitation for the Layman by Thorice Gugerflutter, and brought it to his room.
	The cover of the book stated that it covered all methods. Andrew found four methods inside. He turned to the chapter on the mass-less method, the one that he thought that he understood the best. But there were only three pages in that chapter. Half a page described the method, while the rest of the chapter went on about how inferior the mass-less method is. While the next chapter, which focused on levitation from a mystical perspective, went on for about three hundred pages. There were seventy pages devoted to the other method that Teltibane had taught him, the philosophical one. And the fourth was written in an invisible ink that only a trained sorcerer could read.
	Frustrated, Andrew threw down the book, and went back to practicing alone.
	The next morning was a repeat of Andrew's lack of success at levitation. Andrew remained as grounded as the plateau they were on.
	Teltibane gave him a piece of cryptic advise: "draw inspiration from things around you."
	Andrew had no clue what that meant, or how it could help him. The wizard was being his usual cryptic self.
	
	After lunch, Andrew and Hemsly set off towards Cuddle's corral. Word had spread of the planned dragon flight, and a large crowd including Teltibane, Greybeard, and many other castle workers followed them through the forest.
	Before they could even see the pen, the sound of clanging metal reached their ears. Then it came into view. Cuddles was trying to fly, and he was banging into the roof of the corral, over and over again.
	The force of the mighty dragon striking the roof of the metal cage was pulling the struts and supports from the ground. They rose several inches with each strike.
	Hemsly ran to the edge of the cage. "Cuddles! You must stop it! Bad boy! Bad boy Cuddles!"
	The dragon spared Hemsly half a glance and returned to its banging, attempting to get free.
	'There's an example of someone who lives in his own sphere,' thought Andrew. 'Not influenced by anyone. Not affected. Not tamed. A more docile animal would never exhibit such behavior. But not the wild and free dragon. He rules himself, and no man can rule over him.'
	Another hit, and the metal supports rose a couple of feet out of the ground, before settling back down again.  
	"Cuddles! Stop this now!!" Hemsly was apparently still operating under the delusion that Cuddles viewed him like a father figure.
	Cuddles slammed his head into the top of the metal cage one last time. The entire structure toppled over on its side, and the dragon was finally free. With a mighty flap of his great wings, he took off into the sky.
	Andrew was secretly relieved that he was exempt from the insane task. "I guess I won't be able to ride him then." 
	But Hemsly pulled a giant slab of putrid meat from his sack. "Oh don't worry. I'll get him back here. Daddy brought Cuddles a fresh slab of rotten meat. I'll just lay it down right here. When he lands, I'll help you climb up quickly, while he's still distracted with his food."
	"Okay." Andrew was now secretly disappointed that he wasn't off the hook after all.
	They waited five minutes. Then, like Hemsly said, Cuddles came back into view, guided by his nose towards the rotting chunk of meat.
	Cuddles landed, and tore at the meat with his sharp fangs.
	"Quick Andrew!" Hemsly whispered. "Here's our chance. Lemme give you a boost up."
	With the aid of Hemsly, Andrew climbed onto the scaly back of the dragon. Cuddles didn't seem to notice.
	"Okay, Andrew, good. Now slide up to the front of his back, behind his neck," said Hemsly.
	Andrew complied. He was now more or less in the valley of the dragon's neck.
	"Now I'm going to get a rope to tie around his neck for you to hold onto," Hemsly said, and went back to his sack to fetch the rope.
	But it was not to be. Either Cuddles had had enough of the putrid meat, or he had somehow understood what Hemsly had said, because at that moment he chose to abandon the remains of the slab to take off. Together, they rocketed up into the sky. Andrew clung to the scales of Cuddle's back for dear life. The dragon's upward acceleration put an F1 race car to shame. Forget F1 car. It was approaching fighter jet speed. 
	Then, Cuddles reached the peak of his ascent, and plunged back downward with a flap of his mighty wings. The sudden change in direction took less than a second. The result was that Andrew's upward momentum was far stronger than his grip, and he shot off of the back of the dragon and into thin air.
	Andrew soared through the air. "Aaaaaaah!" 
	Luckily for Andrew, Cuddles continued flying in a straight line and at the same speed, and he miraculously managed to land again hard on the dragon's back, after flipping over twice in the air and flying several hundred feet at a super high speed. The wind was knocked out of him.
	'Okay, let's not do that again,' thought Andrew. He was utterly terrified, and feared for his life. It was like riding a roller coaster car taking a hill without any seat belt.
	Andrew's mind went back to his struggles with levitation for some reason. Teltibane's enigmatic advice went through his head again. "Draw inspiration from things around you." Then it hit Andrew like a lightning bolt. This is it! The dragon. First the busting of the cage. Then the dragon coming and going as it pleased. And finally, not even acknowledging its rider. It all pointed to one thing: This was a creature that took cues from no one. It wouldn't allow anything or anyone to change it. It lived in its own universe, where it made the rules. It belonged to none other than itself.
	That was the concept that Teltibane wanted him to understand. And the dragon had taught it to him.
	Cuddles went into another steep climb, which was sure to culminate in another huge flight through thin air for Andrew. But this time he didn't even care. He was ready.
	Again the dragon peaked sharply and plunged downward, but this time banking to the side as it did. Andrew shot up into the sky once again, all alone. The dragon wouldn't be there to interrupt his fall this time. A drop from this height would mean instant death, even for someone strengthened by the Light, as Andrew was. But he stayed calm.
	Instead of giving himself over to terror, Andrew retreated into his own mind. Into his own universe, his own sphere of existence, in search of the place in his consciousness that was wholly his. Until he became everything that the dragon embodied. 
	Still Andrew plunged downward. Fast. Seconds away from splattering on the ground. He took a pinch of the Lysier herb that he always carried around with him these days. Then he thought the spell-word, "Kangelis". 
	Andrew's descent slowed sharply, then stopped completely. He levitated himself magically for the first time, thousands of feet in the air. It was an incredible experience. Trees looked like ants. Buildings like toys. A whole new perspective on the world.
	"Now this is great!"
 	Andrew tried moving around in the air. He found that it was a little like swimming. You had to give yourself a small push in the direction you wanted to go. He swam in mid-air for a few minutes, getting used to the feeling. 
	He had a bird's eye view of the entire plateau now; the castle, the citadel, the gardens, the dancing pools, and beyond. 
	He brought himself into a controlled descent, towards the area of the upended cage. He landed before the crowd, who had been watching the whole spectacle from the ground. They cheered. 
	"I think that that dragon is gone now for good," Andrew said. "But he left me with a parting gift. The skill of levitation."
	"Congratulations," said Teltibane. "Like I believe they say in the Mortal Realm, you have earned your wings."
	Andrew smiled.
	But Hemsly looked like he was on the verge of tears.
	"Aw don't worry," said Andrew. "You knew that he had to go sometime. I'm sure that he will always remember you and the loving care that you gave him."
	"He's gone," Hemsly sobbed. "He's gone. My baby is gone." That was all he could manage to utter.
	
	They walked back through the forest to the castle. Andrew went to his usual afternoon training with Finor. They were training with swords now. Finor wanted Andrew to learn how to use a wider variety of weapons, not just the katana.
	Andrew went to bed that night satisfied that he finally learnt how to perform the advanced skill of magical levitation.
	The next morning he met Teltibane at the stone courtyard, for training. Kiara was also there, her long black hair draped about her shoulders. She wore a purple and yellow robe.
	"It is time you take your fight to another dimension," said Teltibane. "Namely, the third dimension. Watch, as I demonstrate with Kiara."
	They inhaled some Lysier, squared off and began to fight. Kiara tried a middle-height kick. Instead of blocking or dodging to the side, Teltibane made a high spinning jump, something that could only be possible with the aid of magical levitation.
	Kiara rose into the air, and Teltibane followed. They did battle, twenty feet off the ground. They spun and somersaulted through the air; chopping, punching, blocking, throwing and kicking.
	They landed. "Now it's your turn, Andrew. You against Kiara."
	Andrew managed to get back up into the air, but to fight simultaneously proved to be a difficult challenge. Kiara demolished him handedly. Training the next two days was spent in aerial combat, honing Andrew's levitation technique.
	
	On the eve of the second day since the dragon escaped, Wengillian returned. They met in one of the castle rooms.	
	"How was the diplomatic mission?" Teltibane asked.
	"It was a complete failure. The envoys of Green weren't even allowed into Blue's compound, let alone meet with Blue himself. When they camped out near the shore, Blue's men threatened to arrest them and throw them into prison for not having the proper permitswhich by the way is a law that is never enforced in Blue's Realm. We all know the horror stories of Blue's prisons, so they left." 
	"I wasn't expecting too much out of it," said Teltibane dismissively. "What of troop movements?"
	"A great army of Blues is being assembled near the Blue city of Bexonome, in the northern Draquodel region. And we have also spotted more troops amassing near the Greystar hills to the south." Wengillian looked at the old wizard ominously. "This can only mean one thing, Teltibane."
	"War," they said together.
	Teltibane sighed. "Alas, our fears have been realized. We have no alternative. Due to the actions of the inculpable Miss Blaize, Blue is incited to war. I will give you a message to be delivered to King Yionaffe instructing him to prepare his military for battle. What do our spies on the inside say of Blue's weaponry?"
	"Blue has a penchant for advanced mortal technology. We have reports of strange and powerful machines, manufactured in secret installations throughout Blue's Realm. Totally illegal. The machines are stored in Blue's main submarine compound." 
	"And when does Blue's army move out?" Kiara asked.
	"In two days time we are expecting a large force to emerge from the seas near Blue's fortress. Then Blue's march on Green shall commence."
	 "Then I will be there to see it, to know what we are up against," said Teltibane.
	"The armies from Bexonome and Greystar may also converge on that spot by the sea within the next couple of days, but we are not sure of this yet. Where do you expect the first battle to take place?" Wengillian asked.
	Teltibane conjured up a map of the Realms.
	"That's a good question." He pointed at a spot on the map. "We should assume that Blue will march directly for Green's capital, Nicklevar. If Blue moves in a straight line, the first clash will most likely be on this spot, near Qawars Hill, on the border of the Realms of Green and Blue." 
	"So do we put all out forces in that area?" Greybeard asked.
	"There is the ancient ruvedaz fortress ten miles past the border," said Kiara. "We can place just a small force near the boundary. Blue will defeat them easily, and become overconfident. Then we deploy our main force at the fortress and crush him there." 
	"That sounds like a sound plan," agreed Teltibane. "It is certainly within the style of King Blue's psyche to become overconfident, even from a mismatched victory. Lord Green will probably call a meeting of generals and advisors, to decide his strategy. You should mention this plan then, Kiara."
	"How much time do we have until Blue and his army reach the border?" Andrew asked.
	"I would estimate between seven and ten days," said Teltibane. "Is that right, Wengillian?"
	"Yes, that should be right, taking into account that Blue's army will not be starting out from Blue's stronghold for another two days."
	"Will we be sending aid to Yionaffe, King Teltibane?" Finor asked.
	"It's good that you brought that up. The People of the Light should certainly send aid to Green, as Blue threatens to harm the balance of the Light, and his aggression is uncalled for. We can send a number of Light Archer companies to Green's aid, and also several foot soldier platoons."
	Teltibane turned to Wengillian. "Wengillian, as always, we are thankful for you and your team. Now we have several days to prepare for the battle. Without our spies, Green would surely be overrun by Blue, and the Light and the battle would be lost. Now, allow me to pen that letter to Lord Green."
	Andrew reflected on how much his life had changed in the last few weeks. Just a short time ago, his wars were fought on television screens. Now he was going to be involved in a real life and death battle in only a few days. Trepidation crept up on him, and the more he tried to push the feeling away over the next few days, the stronger it got. His battle would be firstly with himself, to not allow his fear to make his choices for him.
	In their last lessons before the upcoming battle, Teltibane taught Andrew various other magical moves and techniques that can be of use in a fight.
	The wizard showed Andrew how to attain super heated skin for a few moments. "This will help get you out of a hold quickly."
	He also showed Andrew how to produce a magical power blast; a concussive force that travels outward from the body. "This can get you out of a tight spot, when you are surrounded and outnumbered."
	The last thing that Andrew learnt from Teltibane before the battle was how to create a magical, invisible shield. "This can be broken by a powerful wizard though."
	Andrew studied and trained hard, and he managed to master most of these magical abilities. Every night he went to sleep in dread, terrified of what war would bring. He even considered running away, and deserting this mad fight that wasn't even his. But he thought of Katy, and strengthened his resolve. He needed to free her. He needed to bring her home. He would set her free, or die trying.



Chapter Twenty Nine

	Two days after Wengillian's report, the Light defenders flew to the eastern edge of Blue's Realm and the vicinity of his undersea fortress to view the emerging Blue armies from high overhead. Andrew gazed down at the surf gently lapping against the sands.
	First, a great many foot soldiers dressed in blue uniform emerged from the water and marched up the beaches. Their heads broke the surf first, then their torsos, followed by their legs. Some were armed with blades, and many with guns.
	Then, more Blue soldiers mounted on an odd sort of creature that looked like a gigantic, pale white frog popped out of the sea. The creatures had eight legs, and huge, deep blue eyes. Aquamarine veins pulsed under their partially translucent white skin as they sprang forward in long bounds, transversing ten feet or more a jump.
	"Taruals," said Teltibane ominously. "Grown to a monstrous size and trained to carry riders."
	Lastly, several huge battle tanks painted all in a deep blue surfaced from beneath the seas, treads churning and helped along by sorcery. 
	"Blue's secret factories have been keeping busy," Greybeard commented from his perch atop his Kilon.
	"This goes against all our laws," Finor protested. "Such machines, without permission from the High Council in Morrowen?"
	"Indeed," Teltibane said.
	Then, one more machine made its way out of the ocean. It was a small, blue car, with a machine gun mounted on its roof and rocket launchers attached to each door. 
	A tall man stood in the car, his body sticking out from a hole in the roof. His long azure beard and hair waved in the ocean breeze as he surveyed his armies arrogantly.
	"King Blue," said Kiara with disdain. "How I wish I could chop off your thick head just as easily as I can your ridiculous blue beard."
	'Is that what I think it is?' Andrew wondered. 'I need to take a closer look.'
	Before anyone could stop him, Andrew dove down towards the sea.
	"What are you doing!" Finor called. "Are you insane?"
	"Come back!" Greybeard yelled.
	But Andrew's curiosity was too strong. An instant later, he climbed back up towards the others.
	"It's a Lamborghini," Andrew said excitedly.
	Finor, Greybeard, and Kiara just looked at him blankly.
	"Oh come on, you're telling me that you never heard of Lamborghini?"	"Is that a kind of soup?" Greybeard asked.
	Andrew laughed.
	"Lamborghini," said Teltibane. "Where did I hear that name. Oh, I remember now, it was in that article about the death of your aunt, Miss Catherine Wallen. She was struck by a blue Lamborghini."
	"Yeah, it's a famous mortal car," said Andrew.
	"What's a car?" asked Finor.
	"Oh forget it. I'll explain another time," Andrew replied.
	"We have seen all there is to see here," said Teltibane. "We should take a look at the other two armies as well. I know their positions. Follow me."
	They flew over the army from Greystar. It was by now only eight miles to the south of Blue's compound. Besides for foot soldiers, it also had many warriors equipped with the portable helicopter that Andrew had seen in the Great Rainforest, when Katy had been kidnapped. Heli-flyers.
	Next they flew twenty miles to the north west. The army of Bexonome had attached to it several hundred ferocious eaguars. Apparently Blue's men had figured out a way to tame the wild creatures. Andrew spotted burns and welts on their flesh. So Blue was utilizing the best of the natural world, in combination with top notch technology. All in all, his army was a formidable force, Andrew thought, and one to be reckoned with.
	
	Two days later, Teltibane sent Andrew, Kiara, Greybeard, and Finor to the city of Nicklevar, capital of the Realm of Green and seat of the throne. Nicklevar was a medium sized town on the edge of the Great Rainforest.
	The first thing that Andrew noticed was that all of its buildings were made of stone. Wood from the forest was not used.
	They were ushered into the throne room, which was lit with candles that gave off a yellow-green light. Andrew thought that it was plain as throne rooms go.
	Inside the square stone room they found a broken man. The King was sitting in his throne, head in his hands. "The forest, the forest. What will be of the forest?" he moaned over and over again. He was dressed in green robes, with a golden crown set with emeralds adorning his flaxen blond hair.
	"King Yionaffe, you must lead us. If you have given up hope, then the enemy has already won," said Andrew.
	"But what hope is there? You've seen the mighty armies. You've seen the advanced weaponry of Blue. How can I ever hope to defeat him and his, and his tanks." The King spat out the last word, as if it were something repulsive. "Who are you, my boy?" 
	"I am Andrew Cilifax, Champion of the Light."
	"So there is a Champion then. Who did you train under?" 
	"Teltibane."
	"Don't recognize the name."
	"En Garnvair Kun," Greybeard said.
	"Sorry, never heard of him," Green said.
	"The People of the Light will send aid," assured Finor.
	"Ha," said Green. "I wish. Their King is nothing but a weak-willed, pandering politician. Always trying to curry everyone's favor, never taking a stand for what's right. He would never make a move that might offend one of the other Kings, no matter how morally compelling. Especially one as powerful as King Blue. He will just make some excuse as to why he simply cannot send aid."
	"But Teltibane is the true King now," said Andrew. "He will send aid. He has said so explicitly."
	"Who is this Teltibane that you keep bringing up?"	
	Andrew was surprised. "But you should know him. He fought with you in the Battle of the Sky."
	"I had many allies in that battle. Unlike the current one."
	"He is also called Malenuven," said Kiara.
	"Don't recognize it."
	Kiara went through five more names, before Green recognized one.
	"Oh, of course, Mwistinil Light-Hand. He is the true King of the Light, as you say. He comes and goes as he pleases, and was away for several years. I wasn't aware of his return. If he is with you, there may be hope yet." A glint of hope appeared in King Yionaffe's eyes. "I have called a meeting of all my generals and military leaders to finalize our strategy. It will begin in forty-five minutes. You are all welcome to attend. Tomorrow we will be moving out towards the border."
	The meeting was in a rectangular shaped, low ceilinged stone room. Its main feature was a long stone table. On the wall was a large map of the Color Realms, done in chalk. 
	The King took a seat at the head of the table, his two highest ranking generals to his left and right. Next sat the guests from the Realm of the Light; Andrew, Kiara, Greybeard, and Finor. After them were the rest of Green's high ranking military. 
	King Green opened the meeting. "We have seen peace in these parts for many decades. But now one of our own kind, a Realm of Man, and a Realm of Color, threatens to devour us alive. We stand accused of a crime that we did not commit. But King Blue is fanatical about his power, and the alleged minimizing of said power at our hands is for him cause enough for outright war. Diplomacy has been tried. But it is impossible to engage in diplomacy with only one side at the table. And so we are forced to go to war, to defend our land, our Color, our Realm, and our values, against the aggressor."
	One of the high ranking generals interrupted in a gruff voice. "Have we considered an assassination attempt on Blue?"
	"Blue is constantly surrounded by highly trained guards at all times of the day, General Marnolone. Assassination would be next to impossible. We are here to discuss our overall strategy of the war. We expect Blue to reach this spot" Green pointed to the chalk map and a Blue splotch appeared on the Green-Blue border "in two to five days time. There is the ancient fortress eight miles to the northeast of there, which is known as the Ruvedaz fortress to most. Our main question is, where do we deploy our forces? Do we divide our men between the border and fortress? Do we put all our strength on the border? Or all our strength at the fortress? Or another plan entirely?" 
	The room broke out into discussion. Arguments for and against various strategies flew around the table. 
	Eventually it came into two main camps. General Loben Tel-Tunn, a fierce looking man with cropped yellow hair and a vicious scar running down his face, argued that Green should deploy all their forces at the border. Allowing Blue to take eight miles of Green land, the land between the border and the fortress, would give Blue a significant psychological advantage. 
	Kiara headed the other camp. They argued that the fortress provided too good a defensive advantage to waste. A very small force should be deployed at the border. Blue would defeat them easily, and grow overconfident. Then Green would crush a cocky Blue at the mighty Ruvedaz fortress. 
	The matter was put to a vote of the five highest ranking soldiers in the room. Green read the outcome. "Three in favor of Kiara's strategydeploy a small force at the borderand two in favor of General Loben's plandefend the border fiercely. This meeting is adjourned. Men, prepare those under your command to mobilize. We move out at first light." 
	
	Andrew and his friends mingled among Green's men. Talking to the soldiers Andrew realized that most were regular farmers who had only joined the military recently for the sole purpose of fighting the threat of Blue. Few were professional, career soldiers.
	The next day they moved out to the Ruvedaz fortress. The march took most of the day. 
	Andrew explored the fortress and surrounding area. It mostly consisted of two large black stone walls. The first wall was around fifty feet high, the second, over seventy feet tall and positioned twenty feet behind the first. Both were several hundred feet long. 	
	There was a thick forest to the right and left of the fortress walls. The walls ran in line with the trees, as if someone had taken out a chunk of the forest and replaced it with the fortress. 
	This particular forest was chock full of extremely aggressive animals and poisonous plants, rendering it impassable. It extended behind the fortress for many miles. There was a path that led from the rear through the forest. The stronghold itself was only accessible from the front, or south side through two mighty iron doors. 
	Andrew understood the great advantage of the giant, rock hard fortress. Blue would either have to bring his army miles and miles around the dangerous forest to continue his advance towards Green's capital. Or he would have to fight through the fortresses' considerable defenses. The ancient stronghold stood as a great obstacle in the path of Blue's march towards Nicklevar.
	Teltibane arrived that night. He quickly called a small conference with Green, Andrew and a few of Green's most highly trusted advisers.
	"Jonah?" said Andrew in surprise. "What are you doing here?"
	The man that Andrew had mistaken for Jonah laughed. "I am Yantry, Jonah's son, and assistant to the King. How do you know my father?"
	He was a dead ringer for Jonah, complete with the large black beard and slightly turned ears.
	"I was a guest of your father's in Cassara."
	"I haven't seen him in a while. How is he doing?"	
	"He is well. His farm is doing good. He also says that he is very proud of you."
	Yantry smiled. "Let us hope that we live through this war so that we can live to see our parents again."
	Andrew nodded.
	Teltibane entered the room. King Green got up and embraced him. "Mwistinil old friend, I am so glad that you are here. Your presence reassures me. What is the cause for this meeting?" 
	"I want to deliver some portentous news that I received yesterday afternoon from our spy, Masnog, who is embedded in Blue's Realm. Blue has executed the Priests of the Blue Crystal."
	Yantry gasped. "This man knows no higher power. No boundary is too sacred for him to cross. He is a law unto himself."
	"Indeed he is bold and audacious. And arrogant. We are not sure what this means yet," Teltibane continued. "Or what the motive of the slaughter is, but it is important that we know where Blue stands."
	"Was the Blue Crystal raised today?" asked Green.
	"Yes, it was. By Blue's own men. Which is why the motive of the executions remain hidden from us at this time, since it's obvious that it wasn't to prevent the forming of the Light." 
	"Is it possible that it was a senseless killing, out of anger towards the Realm of the Light? Perhaps Blue knows that you will be sending aid to Green, his enemy?" Yantry asked.
	"We cannot rule that out," Teltibane said. "It would certainly fit Blue's style. His unquenchable thirst for power grows ever stronger, and could very well cause him to do a senseless act such as killing the Priests out of rage. However, it is unlikely that even he would divert attention towards something so trivial from his perspective, when we are on the doorstep of war. He must be focused on the battles ahead of him, if he hopes to prevail. Thus, the purpose of this killing remains a mystery, for the present."
	"What of the reinforcements that you promised, Mwistinil?" asked Green.                      			
	"They come from a long way off, from the dwarf conflict in Fen-Serra, King Yionaffe. It will take some time for them to get here." 



Chapter Thirty

	The battle arrived four days later. Like an impolite guest, who rudely imposes himself on his unwilling host, and takes what he can. So war brashly imposes itself on the lives of unwilling men, taking its fill of life and limb from the unfortunate. 
	And it is believed by many that it is the Spirit of War himself who riles up the peace loving populace to fight. For war rarely has a rational explanation.
	
	The mass of Green's foot soldiers formed a green and brown gathering in front of the fortress, staying close to the cover of the impregnable stone walls, as archers and spear throwers took up position behind the lower battlement. Heavy catapults were assembled behind the higher second wall. The cavalry lay in wait, hidden behind the large doors at the front of the fortress. When the signal sounded, they would rush out in force, and hope to overwhelm Blue's men.  
	Andrew, Kiara, and Greybeard were with the foot soldiers on the ground. Andrew was armed with his trusty katana, Greybeard with round shield and broadsword, and Kiara, with a long silver spear. Finor led an archer company above.
	A deep and steady 'wook woot' sound was heard. Taruals. The battle commenced, with Blue deploying his taruals and infantry first. The giant frog-like creatures spit out glowing blue-green ballseach one about half the size of a bowling ballevery couple of minutes. They rolled along the ground twenty to fifty feet before exploding violently, taking many of Green's men with them. Explosions rocked the battlefield. 
	Some of Green's soldiers tried to catch the glowing tarual orbs and throw them back, like a soldier would throw back a live grenade, but more than ninety percent of the time the bombs would only explode in their hands. Tens and tens of Green soldiers dissolved and evaporated, with many more terribly injured.
	When a tarual orb rolled their way, Andrew, along with Green's men, ran from it and its noisy explosion. Green's army was in disarray. 
	In hand to hand combat, Green's men were slightly superior, but Blue had armed many of his men with guns. Green's blade armed counter was no match for them. 
	Blue's advanced weaponry dominated the battle. The bombs and bullets were doing their job. 
	"The tube weapons!" Andrew could hear Greens crying in dismay. "How can we stand against the mighty tube weapons?"
	Green's soldier's were spurred on by something quite powerful though: an intense hatred for King Blue and his corrupt self-centered ideology. But it seemed that blasting guns and ripping bullets were stronger than mere hatred, and the battle was going Blue's way.
	Then the soldiers of the Light finally arrived via Kilon, several hours after the start of battle. 
	The Archers of the Light took up position behind the first battlement. Their arrows were tipped with magical Light arrow heads that flew straight, passing through everything in their path before hitting the ground. The flesh and armor of Men did nothing to impede these special arrows or slow them down. 
	Thus, the special Light arrows would often pass through two, three, or even four of Blue's soldiers in a row, before hitting the floor. Nothing could stand in their way, save impact with the earth itself. Blue blood spurted everywhere.
	An emboldened Andrew felt his spirits lift, and he managed to fight harder against the overwhelming ocean of Blue. Wave after wave of Blue soldiers crashed into the lines of Green, emulating the swells of the sea whence came their leader's inspiration. 
	The Light swordsmen fought ferociously, using swords beat into many interesting angular shapes that glowed with the radiance of the Light. The Light also enhanced their strength and aided them in their assault on Blue. Thus, the Light enhanced soldiers turned the tide of battle back against King Blue and his army. 
	Green's heavy catapults hurled projectiles deep into the ranks of Blue from behind the higher wall, taking out many men with each shot.   
	Andrew's considerable skill with the katana that he exhibited when fighting the umlenzi in the rainforest, and later against the ulthars in the Nenw mines, stood him well in this battle. Now that Andrew was also enhanced by drinking from the Shimmering Pool of the Light he was only doubly as fearsome. 
	Men were dropping left and right all around him. Men were killed, men were injured. It was a painful scene, one of sorrowful, heart wrenching chaos. Andrew knew that he needed to disconnect himself from the horror of war, from the horror of what was happening all around him. To fight, and keep on fighting, until there was none left to fight. 
	Andrew did notice that the Men of the Realms did not really die in the usual sense of the word. Rather, when they got a 'death wound,' their flesh, bone and organs dissolved into a puddle of green or blue, which would subsequently evaporate. Body to liquid to spirit. He recalled Jonah explaining it to him, the Men of the Realms would often be formed again, to be sent back to the Color Realms. Although they could still be harmed, and they still felt pain. 
	This lessened the pain and horror of what he was doing a little. He wasn't actually killing tens and tens of men with the blade of his sword. Was he? 
	It was still an incredibly terrifying experience, not one that he would ever want to go through again. 
	He tried to emulate Kiara, who just fought and fought on, as if that was what she was made to do, without giving any thought to distractions such as morals or emotions. But he found the conversion from compassionate human to killing machine to be exceedingly difficult, perhaps even more difficult than physically fighting the battle itself.
	The moans and cries of wounded men filled the air to join the steady 'wook woot' of the taruals and orb explosions. Andrew looked around in horror and shock. Men missing arms, missing legs, crawled around on the floor. Colored blood spewed from their gaping wounds to drench the battlefield. From the air it would seem like a giant brown canvas, painted in splashes of blue, green, and turquoise. The perverted art of the Spirit of War.
	The battle raged the entire day and into part of the night. Andrew and the other soldiers grew weary. The fighting paused, finally, a couple of hours after dusk. 
	Andrew, along with the other soldiers, ate and slept on the floor in an effort to replenish the strength that ebbed out of them throughout the day, to be ready for another grueling day of battle tomorrow.
	
	The Greens woke abruptly early the next morning to the sound of explosions rocking the fortress. Horns were sounded as they quickly returned to their posts to find many of the catapults in smoking ruins.
	Andrew heard a whop-whop sound. Blue's high-tech helicopter soldiers were out in force, hanging from harnesses attached to the rotors. They were armed with spears and bombs to throw at Green's position behind the fortress walls, along with pistols. They were like giant flies circling the husk of a dead bug as they circled around the fortress, periodically zooming in to attack. Andrew couldn't help but stare at the spectacle. 
	Green's great advantage, the advantage that had kept him in this fight against the better equipped forces of King Blue was the mighty fortress walls and the cover they provided. The heli-flyers' mission was to neutralize that advantage and decimate the Greens behind the great walls. The high fortifications would do nothing to stop the aerial heli-flyers. 
	"Archers to your positions!" came the order from Green's generals.
	Green's archers ran into position and responded to the attack, shooting back at the flyers with urgency.
	But the backpack helicopters proved to be highly maneuverable, and Blue's aces zigzagged masterfully through the hail of arrows towards their targets. They wore dark blue helmets that covered their faces for protection. And they wouldn't just throw the bombs at Green's fortifications and fly off. They also influenced the bombs' path of flight with sorcery for maximum damage and impact.
	Then the aerial assault stopped for several minutes. The Green's behind the walls were weakened, and they hastily tried to regroup and fortify themselves. Then the flyers regrouped, and a new wave of Blue's heli-soldiers attacked. This time they carried with them other soldiers to drop onto the battlements behind Green's lines. These were Blue's top warriors, mostly swordsmen and axmen. Their mission was to make a beachhead on the ramparts and snatch the fortress from the very hands of King Green. Then Green's soldiers below would be caught in the pincer of the great blue crab.
	Green's archers were forced to draw knives, or any hand weapon that they could find, to fight these new, ferocious warriors. All of Green's trained swordsmen were engaged below on the main battlefield, and the archers were typically not trained with any weapons other than the bow. If the heli-flyers kept it up much longer, Green might lose the advantage of the mighty fortress completely. And with that advantage would go the entire battle.
	Then Teltibane himself rose into the air to meet Blue's death flyers. He used sorcery to shoot pulses of electricity from his hands at the electrical machines, causing them to short circuit and explode. Blue soldiers dropped out of the sky, long smoky tendrils trailing behind them, to crash and dissolve on the ground far below. 
	A great cheer rose up from Green's bowmen. Someone had come to their aid, at last.
	But it wasn't enough. Teltibane was just one man, and could only slow the relentless assault of Blue's flyers, not stop it. Even as he engaged one wave, another flew by to attack the fortress. Andrew wondered if the fall of the fortress was imminent. He watched the waves of Blue's ocean crash onto the shore of Green, steadily eroding the sands, until there would be nothing in the way to stop them.
	"It is time! Send out the Forklant Birds!" roared King Green.
	Moments later a group of huge green and yellow birds, each at least three times the size of a Kilon bird, emerged from the rear of the fortress. They carried four riders each on a large saddle, who were armed with bows and spears. Some also carried buckets of water.
	The Forklant Birds and helicopter soldiers clashed in a great aerial battle above the battlefield below. Andrew couldn't help but look up and stare for a couple of minutes, even in the midst of battle. The technological prowess of Blue, versus Green's nature. 	
	The helicopter soldiers shot with great skill and dexterity at the great birds and their riders, pistols blazing from both hands. The precision bowmen atop the birds returned fire with their less sophisticated weaponry of bows and arrows. Green's soldiers also maneuvered the birds over the helicopters and dumped buckets of water onto the electric engines, causing them to malfunction.
	Soon both majestic bird and cunning man were falling from the skies. Andrew even had to dodge a few of the falling birds.
	The crackling and snapping sounds of faulty electric engines and the wild shriek of the birds added to the general din of the raging battle. The swift whoosh of arrows and the sharp clang of swords combined with the deep 'woot woot' sound of the taruals. The fast 'whop whop whop' of helicopter rotors mixed with the piercing cries of injured men. It was madness, chaos and confusion rolled together, with a dash of insanity. Men dissolved all over the place, some to later return to the Color Realms, others, gone forever. 
	The helicopter soldiers had better maneuverability and speed, versus the slower and more cumbersome Forklant Birds. But the bird riders went up against the heli-soldiers four men to one. United with the piercing Light arrows of the Light archers and the stunning electric rays of Teltibane, they managed to hold off the fearless, masked heli-soldiers of Blue. Green's defenses stood strong.
	


Chapter Thirty One

	King Vallidius Blue stood on the roof of his militarized Lamborghini Aventador, surveying the scene from afar. Those cursed Light soldiers! They would wreck all his plans.
	"General Barondi, what do we do? How do we get rid of those annoying Lighters?" Blue barked to his subordinate.
	"Supreme Commander, I believe it is time to execute operation Dark Skies."
	"Then do it! Implement Dark Skies! Now!" Blue shrieked.
	General Barondi strapped on a heli-pack and took off at once towards the Crystal of Blue. 



Chapter Thirty Two

	An hour later, and it was time for the daily Lighting. The Lighting, which had occurred every day since the beginning of time, performed by the faithful, harbinger of hope and peace everywhere.
	Teltibane fell like a stone. Straight out of the sky, in the thick of battle. He dropped eighty feet before recovering. Quickly, he levitated himself towards Green's command center behind the higher wall of ruvedaz.
	"What is it?" Yionaffe asked. He saw the worry and fear etched on Teltibane's face. Fear and trepidation emanated from the core of his being.
	"I sense something, something terrible. Something is amiss."
	"What? What is wrong?" Green asked urgently.
	Teltibane grabbed the front of Green's cloak.
	"I fear that it has to do with the Light! Something is horribly, horribly wrong, with the Light!" Teltibane practically shouted. "No. This cannot be. How can this be?! Oh! treachery. This is betrayal of the worst kind."
	Teltibane sank to the floor, head in his hands.
	The head of the Light Archers rushed into the room, looking very distraught.
	"What is wrong, Shanwii? Tell me, quickly!" Green yelled.
	"It's our Light arrows. They aren't working! They aren't piercing like they should."
	Then the head of the Light infantry ran into the room.
	"What is it, Varnon?" Green asked. 
	"Our Light swords are useless! They are blunt. They do not work at all without the power of the Light. And the Light is gone today! We can all feel it!"
	King Green was stunned. It took him a full minute to recover and react. "Blue has killed the Priests of the Light and hasn't raised the Blue Crystal today. Without all the Colors, the Light cannot form properly. Have every Light soldier called back to the fortress immediately! Have them discard their Light weapons. They are useless now. Have them armed with whatever weapons you can find! Take from the dissolved if you must."
	The Light commanders left to do Green's bidding.
	"They will still be missing the aid of the Light," said Yantry.
	"They will. But it's the best we can do, given the circumstances. Blue was planning this all along, and he struck at the most vital moment. The Light has shined in an unbroken chain of days, months, and years for millennia. He has broken the chain in his arrogance, cast down the virtue of Men. Vallidius will pay for this. He will pay for this dearly," Green vowed.
	
	It was a Lightless day. A dark day. A day of no joy, a day of no hope. It was a day in which hope, joy, and optimism were nearly pronounced dead. Their heartbeat slowed, and all but stopped.  
	Man looked to the heavens for enlightenment, but had only darkness for an answer.
	 It was a day where Darkness reigned, and Darkness prevailed.

	Slowly, with Green bereft of the aid of the enhanced Light soldiers, Blue's forces, the forces of Darkness, began to triumph. The tide of battle turned in favor of the mighty ocean of Blue. 
	The Light archers could not use their unique weapons anymore to combat Blue's massive air strikes. In fact, their weapons were dull and blunt, for they relied on the magic of the Light alone, which was today nonexistent.  
	A steady hail of Blue paratroopers rained down beyond the walls of the ruvedaz fortress. Teltibane's power was severely reduced without the Light to aid him. The Light archers and their all-piercing arrows were no more. And the Forklant riders just weren't enough to stop the skilled, pistol armed, heli-flyers on their own. 
	Blue was taking the mighty fortress. And Green was powerless to stop him. And when Green lost the fortress, the battle on the ground would soon follow. 
	Blue's air attack was relentless. For every heli-soldier that was shot down, two more took its place. Blue's paratroopers had by now established a sustainable beachhead on the far end of the fortress rampart. The fall of the stronghold was imminent.
	King Green looked out onto the battlefield and understood that this battle was lost. It was time to move out, and move on. "Open the lower doors, and sound the retreat signal. We must make haste for the town of Regdlin, five miles north west of here, on Qawars Hill. There we will set up fortifications once more."
	The great doors on the outside wall were opened, and signal for retreat sounded. Green's army abandoned the fortress entirely and hurried to the path at its rear, towards the nearby Green town of Regdlin. The first battle went to Blue.
	
	"They give me green skies, I give them Dark Skies," smirked King Blue to his assistant Gleef, in reference to Edomal Blaize's plan to color the skies of major mortal cities green, an idea which Blue mistakenly thought originated with King Yionaffe Green. "Eye for an eye."
	"Stunning. Stunning move, master."
	Blue pushed his long blue locks from his eyes and grinned. "Indeed."



Chapter Thirty Three
	
	Andrew hurried along the wide path towards Regdlin, along with the rest of Green's soldiers. The medium sized town was perched atop Qawars Hill, which was about a thousand feet tall. Green would have the advantage of the high ground at least.
	The hill itself was highly defensible. The main way to its top was by stone steps on the western side. Other than that, there weren't many other ways to climb up the steep hill. But there was no question that Blue had the more mighty army. Would the hill's defenses be enough to save Green today?	
Night fell, and it seemed darker than usual. A dark day, an even darker night. 
	Green woke his army at the crack of dawn, and had every company and platoon assigned a position on the hilltop so that the town, which was situated in the center, would be ringed by Green's army. The line was to be defended fiercely. The men were to give no quarter.
	Scouts dashed into Green's tent.
	"What have you seen?" Green asked.
	"Eaguars, hundreds of ferocious eaguars, coming our way. And, monstrous blue machines as well, like something from a nightmare!"
	"So Blue is deploying his tanks. Make haste to Sergeant Fasshoner. In his custody are flaxen containers filled with the sap of a cecibill plant mixed with the venom of a garnuck in a special volatile concoction. They make a highly explosive mixture. The Forklant riders are to be armed with these bombs and are to target the machines, immediately!"	
	The tanks needed to be stopped before they made it up the hill to the line of battle.
	"Yes sir," said the scouts, and hurried to the task.
	But after the lengthy aerial battle of the day before, the majestic Forklant birds in Green's arsenal were vastly reduced in number. And after the first cecibill-garnuck bomb was dropped by the bird riders, wrecking the treads of one of the humongous machines, Blue deployed his fierce heli-soldiers once again, this time to defend his tanks. Therefore the Forklant offensive was not very effective, and the majority of Blue's tanks continued up the hill towards Regdlin unscathed.
	But several of the monstrous machines smoked and burned, no more than empty metal wrecks, as their drivers and gunmen bailed.
	Blue unleashed his trained blue eaguars on Green's men. They dealt a huge psychological blow to Green's entire army, who mostly originated from villages near the forest. They were conditioned from birth to fear the ferocious eaguar. The creatures shook the moral of Green's men to its very foundation.
	Then Blue's infantry charged. His gunmen were more than a match for Green's demoralized bowmen, even though Blue had the lower ground.
	Finally, King Blue himself led a regiment of tanks, his most prized machines, up Qawar hill. He rode in his blue Lamborghini, machine gun and rocket launchers blazing. He had the car made bullet proof, and had also put on rugged off-road tires. He stood in the car, silver crown with a huge blue gem set in its center resting upon his long azure colored hair. He personally led the charge of his tanks, which were in his eyes, one of his finest accomplishments.
	Blue's machine's chugged ever so slowly up the hill. But when they finally reached the top, they unleashed incredible firepower onto the battlefield. Such firepower that was unprecedented in all the Immortal Realms.
	Greens were falling; injured, maimed, and defeated, all over the place. Holes were ripped through their flesh by the metal bullets of Blue's men. Bodies were blasted apart by tank mortars. 
	King Green called an emergency meeting with his top staff.
	"Our men our demoralized. Blue has the lethal tube weapons. And he also has these monstrous machines. If something drastic isn't done, this battle, and this Realm, will be lost."
	"It is time to sound the Silver Horn of the Forest," called out General Loben Tel-Tunn. "It is our only hope."
	"But what right do we have to ask the animals to die for us?" asked Yantry. "This is our war, not theirs."
	"Yes," spoke up another soldier, Commander Norfwood. "Must the creatures suffer for the wrongs of Men?"
	"No, this is the forest's war as well," said King Green. "We know that Blue cares nothing for life of any kind. He is only concerned with what will bolster his power and influence. If the Realm of Green goes to Blue, the forests are sure to die, with the creatures of the woods and wildlands soon to follow."
	"Don't we need permission from the High King of the Light to use the Silver Horn?" asked Commander Norfwood.
	"Yes, we do, but the High King is here," said Green. "King Mwistinil, I request permission to use the Silver Horn of the Forest. Quick, the ritual. The hour is late, the need is great. The sound of the Horn, shall decide our fate."
	."Let the call be heard, on the blast of the third. On the winds be borne, the sound of the Horn," Teltibane answered.
	Yantry retrieved an exquisite green velvet bag embroidered with silver from King Green's personal belongings. He removed a beautiful silver horn, engraved with pictures of various wild animals. Kneeling before his King, he presented it to him.
	"Take the Horn, and sound its blast, from it the call, shall ever last," the whole tent recited in chorus, showing their approval and completing the ritual. The horn now possessed the power to do its magic.
	The King took the silver horn in hand. He exited the tent and walked out onto the hilltop, long green cloak billowing in the wind. The sun reflected brightly off his golden blonde hair.
	He surveyed his beloved Realm from high atop the hill. Its forests, its wild places. The beautiful Realm that Blue would decimate, if given his way.
	He put the silver horn to his lips, and blew once. A deep, reverberating noise was sounded. The noise grew louder and louder, permeating everything. It travelled to all corners of the Realm of Green, to every forest, mountain, valley and dale.
	King Yionaffe put the silver horn to his lips again, and blew with his whole being. This time a higher note left its bell, to be heard throughout the entire Realm.
	He then blew the horn for the third and final time. A high, clear sound left its bell. The sound was heard once more in every part of the Realm of Green, one mile and hundreds of miles away alike. 
	The call had been sounded. Now it was up to the creatures to answer.
	
	"What was that noise?" Blue asked his servants.
	"It must be some sort of signal that Green is sending to his soldiers," answered Carrow. "Perhaps they are ready to surrender."
	"They would be wise to surrender, before they are all crushed by my might."
	"Without a doubt, wise ruler."

	Minutes later, Andrew heard loud growling and roaring noises. Hundreds and hundreds of animals emerged from the surrounding forests. Fearsome and ferocious creatures, possessed of powerful natural weapons. They charged up the hill straight at Blue's men, who were by now most of the way up the slope. 
	King Green had protected the animals faithfully for centuries. Now, they would protect Green, and honor the ancient pact.
	Glenvins snarled, and ripped apart Blue gunmen. Eaguar fought eaguar, and ripped into Blue's swordsmen. 
	A great swarm of scarlet Umlenzi descended upon the army of Blue, to sink their poisonous teeth into Blue flesh. And tens of other vicious creatures that Andrew had never even seen or imagined before joined in the fray.
	The forest was awake, the forest was angry, the forest would fight.    
	But Blue wasn't about to give up yet. Not by a long shot. His tanks ripped huge holes in the ground, were moments before tens of animals were. He deployed his machine guns, which mowed down the creatures by the hundreds. 
	'It is time,' thought Andrew. He took the small bone whistle that had been dangling from a string on his neck for the past several weeks in hand. Such a small, innocent looking whistle. Who would think that it contained such power? He brought it to his lips, and blew hard. 
	Seconds later, a regal, imposing, and terrifying looking black winged horse, with a flaming mane, landed in front of him. The brutal fire breathing Xelnia was ready for battle. It snorted, and steam left its nostrils.
	Andrew mounted the coal black horse and entwined his hands in its red and orange mane as they took off.
	He tried to guide it towards Blue's army, but there was no need. The Xelnia knew who the bad guys were. It flew down the front line, torching Blue's soldiers with huge bursts of flame, taking out fifteen soldiers with one breath. Then Andrew guided it to the tanks, Blue's most fearsome weapons.
	The Xelnia engulfed tank after tank in flames, and one by one they blew up in huge explosions, as the fire hit their fuel tanks. 
	The Umlenzi also helped out with combating the machines. Blue had designed them with a small space in back of the turret for air to come in and cool the inside of the hot machines. But this space was big enough for an Umlenzi to fit into, and they exploited this. Without even touching the tanks themselves, they were able to take out the crews with their sharp teeth and poison. 
	Tank crews were bailing as Umlenzi invaded the machines. 
	The slaughter continued for hours, with Blue's machine guns firing nonstop, taking down hundreds of Men and creatures. And the thousands upon thousands of forest animals, who had heard the call of the Silver Horn, and honored the ancient agreement, tore Blue's soldiers limb for limb in return.
	Night fell, and the slaughter slowed somewhat, then finally stopped. Andrew dismounted the Xelnia. It bowed, and Andrew bowed back. With a flap of its great wings the Xelnia took off into the skies, its task complete. 
	The second Lightless Day was over.
	


Chapter Thirty Four

	King Blue met with his high ranking commanders and advisors.
	"Your fight is with the Champion," said General Nalobi.
	"What is the point of this useless massacre. We will only both be weakened. You must challenge the Champion himself, immediately, my Lord," urged Admiral Vexlen.
	"Very well," said Blue. "Let us communicate with the enemy. I will write a letter to the effect that this bloodshed is purposeless. My fight is with the Champion. I hear that he is but a young mortal boy. No match for the might of Blue." 
	"No, of course not," the others quickly agreed. "He has no chance to speak of."



Chapter Thirty Five

	A group of Blue soldiers climbed the steps to the town of Regdlin towards Green's camp, bearing a white flag. 
	A Green scout rushed to inform the King as the Blues handed a letter to the Greens, and left. The letter was delivered promptly to King Green in his tent. "Blue wants a fight of the Champions."
	"I'm ready," said Andrew. The decision had actually been made weeks ago. It was time to set things right, and end this horrific mess.
	"Fine, our Champion will fight," said Teltibane. "But send back as a condition that Blue raise the Blue Crystal tomorrow and allow the formation of the Light to proceed as normal. If not, our Champion will be greatly weakened."
	Green sent Blue the message, and he accepted. He would easily defeat the young mortal boy, Light or not.
	Andrew left Green's tent and walked outside, under the stars. 
	Greybeard followed. "Andrew, this is it"
	"Greybeard, thanks. But I would like to be alone now. Please," Andrew said.
	"Oh, I understand."
	Andrew looked at Greybeard's face and saw tears glistening there. He was touched.
	"Thank you Greybeard. We will speak yet again...."
	"Yes, of course. There is a phrase that dwarf friends tell each other before they go out to battle. 'Our company in this world was as steady as the mountain. Our company in Yunu will be as bright as the seven suns.' You are right, Andrew. We will speak yet again, regardless of the outcome of the fight tomorrow."
	Andrew nodded and Greybeard left him, and he continued walking under the stars, contemplating his fragile existence. Greybeard hadn't tried to pretend that Andrew would surely win in the fight against King Blue's Champion. Blue's Champion would be highly trained, the odds were stacked against him. Andrew felt a mix of feelings. Trepidation was strong there, of course. But he also felt another feeling perhaps even more strongly; that he was nearing his purpose. The stirrings of a sense of fulfillment were within him, and they would culminate at the time of the fight tomorrow, whether he prevailed or not. He only need do what he was capable, that was all that was asked.
	Andrew wondered where he would be this time tomorrow. Would he live to see the stars again, to gaze on the luster of the moon? Or would he be in Yunu, the afterlife, like Greybeard said. 
	Perhaps his greatest challenge tomorrow would be to control his fear of dying or it would overtake him completely and he wouldn't be able to function at all. 
	 
	The battle was set for twelve noon the next day. It would take place atop Qawars Hill in a large open courtyard, paved with flagstones, on the outskirts of Regdlin. Andrew would go up against Blue's Champion. If Blue won, he would command the Realm of Green. If Green won, Blue would be sent home in shame, his advanced weapons confiscated and be forced to pay reparations for the war.
	King Blue had his servants set up an ornate throne made of blue marble set with cream colored gemstones on the western side of the courtyard. King Yionaffe Green, King Teltibane, and their entourage stood on the eastern end of the square. The remainder was lined with the local townspeople and the armies of Green and Blue, who had all come out to watch the symbolic fight.
	Andrew looked around for any sign of Katy, prisoner of Blue. He spotted her on Blue's end. She was tied up and gagged, her hair a scraggly mess around her shoulders. Two mean looking muscular Blues were assigned to guard her. Andrew felt a tug at his heart.
	It was a beautiful day. The sun shone bright in the sky, while a caressing breeze blew on the hilltop. 
	"The rules as set forth in the ancient law state that each side is allowed but one Champion," said Teltibane to Andrew. "But the crafty Blue may have some tricks up his sleeve to circumvent that rule. Whatever the case, if you believe that the Light can assist you it will help you to prevail."
	Andrew nodded. He was too nervous to speak. The weight of an entire Realm rested on his shoulders, and he was about to fight a mighty, trained Champion.
	"You are most skilled with the katana from any weapon. It would be wise for you to pick it as your choice of arms. But there are no rules limiting how many weapons you may use throughout the battle. You may switch at any time if you have need. And if you defeat Blue's Champion it is King Blue's prerogative to battle you himself if he so chooses. Good luck Andrew, and may the Light lead you."
	"If, if I die, will you tell my parents how, and why?" Andrew asked. 
	"If you die, I shall travel to Earth personally to meet with your parents, and tell them all about their noble son and his battles."
	Andrew smiled weakly at this, it was some consolation that his parents would be informed of all that had transpired here in the event of his death.
	It was time. Andrew entered the courtyard, practically shaking with fear and nerves. Challenge Blue's handpicked warrior? It was insanity. He took a huge sniff of Lysier, in case the skill of levitation would come of need. 	A short bald man in a grey cloak approached Andrew and spoke in a squeaky voice. "I am Gesforth. I will preside over the proceedings, and ensure a fair fight. And you are"
	"A-Andrew Cilifax, Champion of the Light."
	"I can't hear you! The din of the crowd is to loud!"
	"Andrew Cilifax!" Andrew shouted. "Champion of the Light!"
	There. Speaking it out made the surreal idea sound all the more real.
	Gesforth jotted something down on a piece of paper. He then went to the other side of the courtyard to get the name of the other Champion. Andrew looked across the square towards his foe. He was a tall man with steely grey eyes and a short, dark brown curled goatee. His dress was all dark blue, like most of Blue's men. Atop his head was a dull bronze helm with three long, blue plumes sprouting out from the top. A tall, wicked looking battle axe held upright in his gloved hand gleamed in the sunlight.
	Gesforth walked to the middle of the courtyard and motioned for everyone to quiet down. 
	"To settle the dispute between the Houses of Green and Blue..." Gesforth elaborated on the disagreement and the claims of both sides for a few minutes, "...we have here today the Champions of Blue and Green, who will do battle on behalf of their patrons, to decide this contest. Andrew Cilifax, Champion of the Light!" Gesforth pointed to Andrew, and Green's men cheered. "Against Rockonove Melforian, of the Elite Guard of Blue!" Blue's men gave a thunderous applause.
	"Without further ado, begin!" Gesforth squeaked.
	Andrew drew his sword from the sheathe on his back and made to go towards Rockonove. The Guard stood still. Then, an astonishing thing happened. His skin rippled, as if he was a lake. Then it stretched weirdly... as another man who looked like an exact replica of Rockonove, walked out of his body. The same process happened twice more, and there were now four Rockonove Melforians!
	Shouts of "no fair!", and "only one Champion!" were heard from the crowd. Gesforth consulted a small brown book. He walked to the center of the courtyard, and quieted everyone down once more. "The rules state that only one Champion may be registered to fight. At the time of registry, Blue's side had only one Champion. The rules say nothing of a limit after the time of registry. Therefore, the multiplication of Rockonove is within the rules! Resume!"
	Much grumbling could be heard from the sidelines, but there was nothing they could do. Gesforth ruled it legal.
	The four Rockonove's approached Andrew and surrounded him. He waited. They swung their axes as one. Shining blades cut through the air towards Andrew's head.
	Andrew produced the magical shield that Teltibane had taught him, and the axes bounced off harmlessly. He then used the momentary surprise of the Guards to strike swiftly at the torso of one of them. The katana entered deep, and the first of the Guard slumped to the ground, blue blood spewing from his wounds.
	The three remaining contenders swung again, one after another this time. Andrew leaped up and landed on the handles of one of the axes. He climbed from handle to handle, and aimed a wide sweeping strike at the last Guard. But the Guard ducked, and Andrew missed.
	Andrew battled the three remaining Guards for the next several minutes, with neither of them gaining the upper hand. Every blow was blocked, every strike parried.
	Andrew decided that instead of aiming for their bodies, he would aim for the axes themselves. The katana's balance would cut through their handles and render them useless.
	A Guard swung his axe at Andrew. Instead of blocking the blow, or sidestepping it he moved in close, and brought his sword down on the wooden handle with a vicious blow. 
	The top of the axe snapped off. Andrew charged the Guard, who was now only armed with a short staff but did not know how to use it. Two swings, one to the side of the body, the other to the neck, and the Guard was bereft of a head. His body dissolved into a puddle of blue and vanished.
	For the first time, Andrew felt that maybe, just maybe it was possible that he would win... but he didn't want to get his hopes up too high just yet. Two highly trained, highly motivated warriors were still standing strong.
	The Guards that remained pounded the bottoms of their axes into the ground rhythmically, creating a menacing beat that was almost hypnotic in nature. They were determined to defeat Green's Champion and please their master. 
	The Guards came at Andrew from either side. Andrew waited until they were close. Then he used the concussive blast that he had learnt from Teltibane. They were thrown to the floor. Andrew pounced, and stabbed a Rockonove in the back. He dissolved into a bubbling pool of murky blue and evaporated.
	Andrew battled the final Guard who threw slow but heavy blows with his axe. He mostly dodged the blows, then jumped and somersaulted clear over the Guard, using the levitation skill that Cuddles had taught him. The Guard whirled, at the same moment that Andrew stuck his sword back over his shoulder, straight into his neck. 
	"I serve my Master," were Rockonove Malforian's final words.
	Then he magically turned to ice, starting from his heart and travelling rapidly outwards.
	"Andrew, let go of the sword!" Teltibane yelled.
	Andrew released the sword, which was still embedded in the Guards throat. He watched aghast as the Guard's entire body, and then the katana as well, changed into ice. If Andrew had been holding the sword the spell would have turned him into ice as well.
	The ice Guard, along with Andrew's trusty katana, shattered into a million tiny pieces. He served his King in his dying moment.
	"Andrew, look out!" yelled Greybeard from the sidelines.
	Andrew whirled around just in time to see the first Guard he had stabbed, who had been wounded badly but was not dead yet, throw his axe at Andrew like a javelin from his position on his back on the stone floor.
	Thanks to Greybeard's warning and his enhanced reflexes, Andrew was able to turn in time to catch the axe by its handle. He walked slowly over to the Guard, the foulest of Blue's men, and brought it down hard, directly on his heart. 
	It was over. Blue's Champion was defeated. Cheering and stomping could be heard all around the courtyard, as Greens celebrated their victory. Andrew felt great. He had completed his mission, and would soon be going home with Katy, at last.
	
	But then King Blue stood up from his throne. A hush came across the crowd.
	"What is it, King Vallidius?" squeaked Gesforth. "Your Champion has been vanquished."
	"I will challenge Green's Champion myself, according to the statute set out in the Ancient Law," said King Vallidius Blue. He looked disdainfully around at the crowd.
	"Very well," said Gesforth. "King Vallidius Blue challenges Andrew Cilifax, Champion of the Light, to battle."
	Kiara threw Andrew a brez wood staff with which to fight with.
	"Begin!"
	Blue held up his hand. "Wait. Bring the tank!" 
	About forty Blues trudged towards the courtyard, carrying a huge glass tank filled with water. A colossal yellow octopus with blue and black rings inhabited it on one side. The Blues set the tank down on the side of the courtyard.
	"Bring the prisoner!" shouted Blue.
	Katy was marched towards the edge of the square. Andrew saw her and felt pity and anguish pull at his heart.
	"I believe you may know this girl, Andrew Cilifax," Blue spat out the words. "Here's what I am going to do. I will place her in the tank, with the octopus. Do you recognize this beauty, mortal?" Blue pointed at the tank. "Did they teach you about it in your skience classes? The blue-ringed octopus I believe it is called among you limit-lives. Known far and wide for the potency of its poison. A simply wondrous creature, it is. This fine specimen was imported to the Color Realms from the tide pools of the paycific ocean, and magically grown to monstrous proportions. If one regular sized blue-ringed octopuses can kill twenty men with its venom, this one can kill twenty-hundred. Yes, it has the power. The tank is locked with a combination known only to me, and its walls are unbreakable. The girl goes inside. I will put the hungry octopus to sleep for twenty minutes. If I defeat you within that time, I will let her out, for why lose a good slave? But if you defeat me, the octopus will awaken, and she dies. It is your decision, Cilifax. Surrender now, and spare her the tank. Or fight, and let her die."
	Andrew burned with rage. "Why don't you just kill her outright if I choose to fight?" 
	"That would violate the truce."
	A hush came over the courtyard. Would Andrew fight and kill his dearest friend?
	Andrew was ready to give up and admit defeat. How could he allow Katy to get killed? How could he kill the one he cared about most? 
	But then he looked at all the people who were depending on him. He looked at Teltibane, his commander. He couldn't let his personal wants and needs make the decision for him. This was a war, and he was a soldier. He had to fight. 
	Gesforth walked over to Andrew. "What is your decision, Andrew Celifax?"	
	"I will fight."
	Three simple words, that would have so much effect.
	A tied up Katy was placed in the tank with the sleeping poisonous octopus. A tank that would never be opened again, if Andrew was victorious. Her dark blond hair swirled in the water. There was some air at the top for her to breathe. The door was locked.	
	"Andrew Celifax will fight!" shouted Gesforth. "Begin!" 
	They started at opposite ends of the wide courtyard. Andrew pushed aside his rage, and focused as he advanced towards Blue. Every step he took caused him tremendous pain, as each step brought him closer to Katy's death. He was still a couple hundred feet away when Blue drew from his pocket a small box of mortal made blue chalk. 
	The words of Marius said so many weeks ago echoed in Andrew's mind. 'Items from the Mortal Realm, are potent in the Realms. Even a mundane object from the Mortal Realm can take on powerful properties in the Realms.'
	Blue emptied the chalk bits into his hand, and said an incantation. He threw them up into the air in a sweeping motion. The pieces formed a blue halo around his head momentarily. Then they turned into tiny, deadly, razor sharp blue darts, which sped towards Andrew, one after another, in rapid succession.
	The voice of Teltibane was now in Andrew's head for a moment. A piece of cryptic advise, given so long ago. Advice that Andrew hadn't understood at the time:
	'Even a thin stick can serve as an impregnable shield, if wielded right.'
	This was it! The thin stick, the staff, can be a shield. You only need to wield it right! Andrew spun the stick around and around in front of him, until it was a blur. It spun so fast that it was effectively a shield. Most of the darts bounced off harmlessly. Though a few did get past it. Of those, most of them hit the magical gi and did no harm. But three did manage to tear into the flesh of Andrew's unprotected leg, and they stung horribly. 
	Andrew focused on his mission and forgot the pain. He spun the staff and successfully prevented the darts from hitting his head or anything vital. They made little 'ping' sounds as they struck the spinning staff to fall to the ground. Finally, Blue ran out of chalk and the barrage of darts stopped. Andrew painfully yanked the three that had hit out of his leg. Blood pooled around him on the stone floor, but Andrew's Light enhanced body helped him heal quickly.
	The first wave had crashed on the rocks and broke, it was time for the second. The King removed from his pocket a bag full of small blue pebbles, which were imported from Earth. He then threw them high into the air towards the area where Andrew was standing. Since the pebbles were from Earth, they contained great power here in the Color Realms. Power that a mighty sorcerer like Blue knew how to unleash and use to its full potential. In mid-air, the small pebbles magically transformed into giant boulders, heading straight for Andrew.
	The first boulder landed to the left of Andrew, right next to him. The ground shook from the impact. Then more boulders started to rain down all around him. Flagstones cracked. Stone split. He was forced to jump and leap to avoid the huge stones.
	And he wasn't getting anywhere. Andrew was using all his effort in dodging the boulders, and was not moving any closer towards Blue.
	Then the next piece of Teltibane's cryptic advice, said so many weeks ago, hit him.
	'If the way under is blocked, you must go over.'
	Andrew couldn't move forward without getting crushed by the boulders. He was still a beginner at magical levitation. He didn't have the skill to just fly up and over the raining stones. But, he could use levitation to aid him in jumping the distance from one boulder to the next. Effectively going over, when the way under was impassable.
	Andrew took and pinch of Lysier and leaped mightily. He landed on a huge blue boulder which sped through the air. He leaped again, taking a huge jump, and landed on the next flying boulder. Slowly, he advanced through the hail of stones, leaping from soaring boulder to soaring boulder.	
	He had by now cut the distance between himself and Blue in half. He was only one hundred feet away.
	Blue ran out of magical pebbles. Andrew looked behind him. The square was littered with the huge blue stones.
	Blue dug into his bag of tricks once more, and began his third wave of attack. He retrieved a small container of Earth-made putty from his cloak and opened the container. He removed the navy putty, and said an incantation. Instantly the putty changed shape and transformed into a large navy gun, with a very wide barrel.
	Blue fired as Andrew leaped to the side. Blue bullets sped towards him as he dodged and twirled to avoid them. To run straight at the King would be suicide. 
	The third, and final piece of enigmatic advice became crystal clear now: 'Where there is no path, you must forge one where there isn't.'
	Andrew delved deep into the core of his soul and imagined, no, believed, that there was a spiral path, leading towards the spot right next to Blue. Teltibane had once told him that the Light could create objects temporarily for its Champion, if he believed it enough.
	At first nothing happened. But them Andrew caught a glimpse of a shimmer. It slowly solidified. A sparkling, silvery path, leading from himself and to the right, curving up into the air, to the left, and ending right next to Blue's gun hand. Like a round tunnel.
	Andrew ran along the silvery path. It took him upside down, spiraling towards Blue. Blue fired at him repeatedly. But he could not see the magical path, and could not anticipate where Andrew would be the next second to shoot at that spot. And Andrew ran faster than Blue was able to take aim. 
	Andrew landed right next to Blue. He slapped Blue's gun hand with his staff, hard. The gun fell out of Blue's hand to shatter on the floor.
	Blue was out of Earth ammo, and wouldn't be able to rely on sorcerous Earth objects anymore.
	King Blue glared angrily at the annoying Andrew, like one would look at a pesky mosquito. He took a short blue baton from his cloak, which immediately elongated in his hand to form a long staff as Andrew lifted his own. 
	They battled ferociously. Blue's crown fell off and rolled to the side, revealing his azure mane. One of Andrew's buttons snapped off.
	Blue was highly skilled with the staff. He coordinated his strikes so that each hit led up to the next.
	Andrew knew that each strike of his staff brought Katy's death closer. He was battling himself as much as he was battling Blue, and probably more. 
	Andrew saw that he would not win with pure fighting. Blue was just too skilled and powerful. He tried another tactic. "You are foolish. All your plans lead to the destruction of the Light."
	"So?" 
	"Don't you know what the Light does?"
	"My faithful advisor Gulnath has proved to me that the Light only helps God. It is not for us! It was never for us!"
	"No!" shouted Andrew. "That's a lie! The Light brings peace and joy to all of creation. In its absence, only Darkness and Death reign. Without the Light, all of us, including you, will suffer horribly." 
	Blue stopped for a moment. It looked like he would back down. But then he reaffirmed himself.
	"No! You lie! Green and his cohorts have fed you deceptions. And you believed them! You are just parroting what they have told you, you know nothing, foolish boy. They are jealous of me and my power! It is a conspiracy to take away my crown! To take away what is mine by right!"
	Spit flew from Blue's mouth as he went into a rage. "It is all a plot to usurp me. I will never allow it to happen. If the Light must be destroyed, so be it. It is not for us anyway. It was never for us."
	But King Blue was shaken to the core by Andrew's words. And as much as he tried to convince himself that he was justified in invading Green and letting the Light be destroyed, he was now very unsure of himself.
	And so King Blue's heart went out of the fight. His long held false beliefs were shaken, he was demoralized. He fought with a heaviness of heart.
	And gradually, Andrew began to overcome him. He backed Blue down. Until finally Blue gave up, and broke down weeping. His face was buried in his hands, as his staff fell to the floor with a clatter.
	Andrew didn't know what he was supposed to do now. Was it over?
	"You must end it," Teltibane called. "Or the outcome of the war will remain undecided, and a new battle of Champions will be needed. There is no other way. You must end it now."
	Andrew slammed the broken Blue in the face with his staff. Once, twice, three times, and Blue's eyes rolled back into his head, as he slumped to the ground. King Vallidius Blue was dead at last.
	
	The people cheered, Green and Blue alike. The long reign of the tyrannical King Blue was finally ended.
	But Andrew didn't share in their joy. In fact, he felt nothing but deepest sorrow. If Katy wasn't dead yet, she would be in just a couple of minutes, victim of Blue's octopus. The victory came at a heavy price for the Champion. He had saved a world, but lost his own.
	Andrew couldn't bear to look at the glass tank, where Katy's lifeless body was doubtlessly floating, probably being devoured by the beast already. He knew that blue-ringed octopus venom works in seconds. Tears clouded his vision. He only hoped that they would be able to break the tank open, so that they could bury the remains of her body. 
	Andrew couldn't remember a time in his life where he felt more miserable than he did now. Katy was dead. He walked away from the courtyard, his head down, his heart heavy.
	Then he heard a familiar voice behind him. "Hey you. What are you moping about?"
	Andrew spun in disbelief. There was Katy, running over to him. A huge grin was on her beautiful face. She was as alive as she ever was. Not far behind her was a smiling Teltibane.
	"But, but, the poisonous octopus," Andrew stammered.
	"The code was 'power'," said Teltibane. "I cracked it on the sixth try."
	Andrew picked up Katy in a huge hug. They kissed passionately, and Andrew didn't want to ever let go. He held her tight, as elation overpowered him completely and surged throughout his being from his head to his toes. He nearly lost her. Which made him all the more lucky to have her. 
	Finally, they broke away. 
	"Come on, a huge party is starting up," said Katy. "Let's celebrate!"
	Near the square a party commenced. Green women brought delicacies from their houses and set them out on tables. A large band played folk tunes. And it was led by none other than Blue's former chief general.
	"Let's dance!" said Katy.
	They danced away, losing themselves in the joy of the crowd, and the joy of the moment. It was a time of renewal, and a time of rejoicing. The culmination of all the efforts of the war. 
	Greens and Blues danced with each other. And in the center of it all, was none other than a grinning Gleef, dancing lively with a Green woman. He had his life back.
	Greens were happy that they had been saved from the prospect of slavery to King Blue. But that was nothing compared to the joy of the Blue's, who had been enslaved already, and were finally free. Although some of Blue's men, who had shared the twisted ideology of their master, slunk away in disgust.
	The celebration lasted all day, and well into the night.
	The next day the festivities continued. In the afternoon, King Yionaffe Green called a formal feast. Andrew and Katy were the guests of honor. 	
	A group of former Blue machine gunners presented a short poem to Andrew, which they recited at the feast:

	"Subjugated by one, 
	with a thirst for domination,
	Pushed asunder by a King, 
	with no explanation,
	
	Released by a boy, 
	from a gloomy haze,
	Restored by a man, 
	worthy of praise,

	Oppressed by one, 
	feared throughout the land,
	Enslaved by the power, 
	of the mighty Blue hand,
	
	Saved by a human, 
	who made the world bright,
	Freed by a mortal, 
	defender of Light."

	Katy whooped, hollered, and cheered at this, to Andrew's chagrin.
	"Cmon Andy, lighten up. They're singing for you. And you deserve it."
	It was a strange experience for Andrew to have people praising him like that. It felt weird. 
	
	Andrew and Katy met with Teltibane later. He looked changed from when Andrew first saw him, much lighter, much more joyful. Laugh lines crinkled around his eyes.
	"I assume that you two will want to be sent back home," said the old wizard.
	"Yes," said Katy. "We have made so many friends here in the Color Realms, but we think that we should really be heading back to our own world now."
	"Very well. If that is your wish, tomorrow, after the Lighting, I will send you back."
	"Will we come back today, on the twentieth of June?" asked Andrew.
	"I will send you back to Earth near the time when you left," said Teltibane. "But you will probably have missed the night."
	"We will say that we got lost in the forest, so we slept in the woods," said Katy. 
	They laughed. For it was true. Only in quite another forest. A forest where the leaves were multicolored and the eaguars roamed.
	An idea hit Andrew. "If we will return home three months ago, before"
	" I wouldn't try to alter the paths of time, Andrew," Teltibane cut him off. "Time is woven of many strands, you cannot know how changing one will affect another. Try to save your aunt, others may die, we can't know the reasons.... she's in a better place. Besides, we already know that you'll fail, for it happened already, didn't it?"
	"You're right, Blue killed her, and I can't change that," Andrew's eyes teared and he choked up. "I, I will visit here before, and..."
	Katy patted his shoulder. "Some things are just out of our control, Andrew. We don't know why, but it had to happen."
	Andrew nodded. "I, I'll visit her one last time, and remember her forever."
	 
	The teens were being hosted by different Greens in Regdlin. They walked back into town together, and went their separate ways.
	Andrew went to Teltibane's tent the next morning after the Lighting to be sent back. Katy wasn't there. 
	They waited for her, and waited. An hour passed, and Katy still hadn't shown up.
	They walked into town in search of her. There was some buzz on the streets about the new ruler of Blue. 
	"Who is the new King?" Teltibane asked a peddler.
	"Didn't you hear? The new ruler of Blue is a girl, a Queen this time, from the Mortal Realm."
	"From the Mortal Realm!?" Andrew shouted. There was only one mortal girl in the Color Realms that he knew of.
	They raced to where the Blues were camped. There was a new royal tent set up. Andrew ran up to it, but was stopped by the guard.
	"Do you have an invitation?"
	"No, but"
	"The Queen is not seeing anyone at this time. Sorry."
	"The Queen? Is she a young mortal girl?"
	"Yes, she was. She has become the new Queen Blue. According to the ancient laws if there is no King, a mortal may claim the throne."
	Andrew turned to Teltibane. "Is that so?"
	"Yes, but Katy wouldn't have known that."
	"Gulnath, faithful advisor to the late King, has informed the Queen of this law," said the guard. "Now you must go. No loitering around here."
	An ashen faced Andrew walked away from the tent, with Teltibane right behind him.
	"What can we do?" Andrew asked. "And why would Katy do something like this?"
	"Perhaps Gulnath enticed her. Perhaps he enchanted her. We can't know for sure why," Teltibane said. "But this can undo everything that we have done. Whenever a mortal becomes King or Queen of Blue, they become corrupted completely. Someone, probably the sly Gulnath again, has cursed the throne of Blue in this way. She will likely become just like the old Blue, if not worse."
	"How much time do we have?" 
	"Eight and one third days. After that it will be irreversible. She will become an immortal Queen, and will shed her old personality completely, probably to become a vain and corrupt monarch."
	"So what can we do? How can we get her to give it up?" Andrew asked. He had just saved her, and now she was torn away from him again. It was heart-wrenching. 	
	"Let me think a minute." Teltibane furrowed his brow. "Okay, I have a plan. I have in my possession an enchanted mirror that shows the true nature of things, a gift from an ancient Elf sorcerer. You have to get the mirror to her. When she sees her reflection in it, she may abdicate the throne."
	"Okay. I think I have a way to give it to her."
	They went to Teltibane's tent, and he produced the mirror.
	Andrew took it to a shop in town, and had it wrapped up nicely. He ran back to Katy's royal tent.
	"Yes?" said the guard.
	"I bear a gift, for her royal highness."
	"I'm sorry" 
	"A gift?" came a girl's high voice from inside. "Oh, do let the foolish boy in, if he bears a gift for me. I do love presents!"
	"Yes, milady." The guard stepped aside.
	Andrew entered the tent. It was full of clothes and jewelry.
	"If you so much as disturb one of my outfits I will have you flogged," screamed the girl.
	She was dressed in royal clothing and an elaborate hairdo, and it took Andrew several moments to recognize that it was Katy.
	"Katy?"	
	"Katy?" mimicked the girl. "It is 'her royal Highness' to you. I don't know a Katy. Now quickly, show me the present!"
	"Katy, what has happened to you?" 
	The Queen looked at him closely.
	"Oh, you must be that foolish mortal boy whom I once knew, who thought he knew me. I have moved into a higher station now. You thought that you would be the big hero and steal the show, while I was a nothing. Well, I have taken the crown, boy, and now I am much more important then you will ever be."
	"Katy, what are you saying?" Andrew was deeply hurt. He had loved her. He had truly loved her. And she had loved him. "Of course you are special, and important to me. You don't need this. It will transform you into something horrible. Please, give it up."
	For an instant Andrew thought he saw the old Katy behind the mask of the new one. But that instant didn't last long. "Oh, hush, you stupid boy, and give me my present already! Say any more of this nonsense and I shall have you punished!"
	So she was already taking on some of the habits of the old King, as well as some awful new ones. Andrew quickly kneeled down and presented the gift.
	The Queen ripped the wrappings off the mirror. "Ah, a pretty mirror, so I can see my pretty reflection." 
	She looked into it, saw her true hideous reflection within, screamed, and fainted. 
	Guards rushed in, pointing their spears at Andrew. "What have you done to the Queen!"	
	"I didn't do anything, she did it to herself," said Andrew.
	"Throw him into the hole," said the head guard.
	They grabbed him.
	"Excuse me." Andrew spoke up boldly. "I am here under the protection of Teltibane, High King of the Light. If anything happens to me, you will have who to answer to."
	They looked at the head guard.
	"Very well," he said. He wouldn't pick a fight with the powerful King of the Light. "We will let you go. But if anything permanent has happened to her, you will stand trial for this."
	"Fair enough," said Andrew. "Now I suggest you tend to more important things. Like getting your dear Queen to a doctor. Now."
	The guards carried Katy out.
	Andrew went to Teltibane.
	"Well, how did it go?" the wizard asked.
	"She was horrified by what she had become, so it worked somewhat. But she also fainted, from the shock," said Andrew.
	"That's not so far out of the realm of the ordinary," said Teltibane. "Let's go see if she has awoken and how she is doing."
	They went to the town physician. Katy was lying on the bed in a comatose state. 
	The physician, a bald man with grey hair, was listening to her heart.
	"What's her prognosis?" Teltibane asked.
	"Extreme shock. Heart has slowed. Can't know how long it will last. Might be days, might be years. Might be forever."
	"May I stay at her side?" Andrew asked. "We were friends. Close friends."
	"Yes."
	Andrew sat by Katy's side, holding her hand. He stayed there the whole day. Katy didn't wake. He would stay forever if he had to. Her cold hand felt still and lifeless in his.
	Andrew was feeling terrible about the whole thing now. Maybe it would have been better that she had lived as the vain Queen, rather than be stuck in a coma forever.
	Katy didn't wake the next day, or even the one after that. Andrew remained at her side the whole time, holding her hand, waiting for a sign of life. He ate and slept in his seat.
	On the fourth day, Katy finally woke. "Where am I? Why am I wearing this fancy dress?"
	The physician indicated that Andrew should speak. "Don't you remember? You became the Queen."
	"The Queen? Are we still in the Realms? Andrew, I'm so glad you're here. I just want to go home."
	"Okay. We will go home soon. First let the doctor here make sure that you are better. You were in a coma, Katy," said Andrew.
	"Okay."
	Andrew left, and went to Teltibane's tent. "She has awakened, thank God. She just wants to go home."
	"Does she remember any of it?"
	"It seems not. Will she be completely healed?"
	"It is hard to say. She may have fits occasionally, where she thinks that she is the Queen of Blue again. I will give her something to help her with that. And she also must officially abdicate the crown, even if she doesn't remember anything. It is only a short ritual. And then, you will be on your way. You should be proud of yourself, Andrew. You went up against the odds, and beat them. You are a true hero. I apologize to you again that you landed up in the dangerous rainforest. I did not intend for that to happen. And, do you give me permission to summon you again, if there is need of a hero, a Champion of the Light, in these parts once more?"
	"Yes," said Andrew. "It is what I was meant for."
	"Excellent. Here is another rainbow card. You will be able to transport yourself through a rainbow to the Realms again, like the first time. But this time, try to concentrate on a rainbow closer to the Citadel please. Farewell, Andrew Cilifax. Until we meet again."
	"Goodbye," said Andrew, and he bowed towards the King.
	Andrew remembered back when he first met the amazing man who is the King of the Light. How he had been so angry with him. How he didn't want to become the Champion. But he proved that he could do it, with the help of his friends. He fought against a powerful tyrant, and freed the people of his tyranny. Like Greybeard said so many weeks ago, one should never doubt himself.
	It was almost time to go. Andrew went around to all the friends that he had made. He bid goodbye to each of them.
	Last, he went to Blue's former general, Imina Kinsin, whom he had come to know over the last few days. "Goodbye, Imina. What are you going to do, now that King Blue is gone?"
	"I will pursue my dream. I will become the best bugle player that the Realm of Blue has ever produced," said the general. "I thank you, on the behalf of all of the citizens of the Realm of Blue. It was truly an honor knowing you. So sad that we had to fight on opposite sides. If you ever find yourself near the town of Acedone, in the region of Eminar, look me up. You will always have a place in my home, and in my heart."
	"It was a pleasure knowing you too, sir. Farewell. Katy must be ready by now. I should be going."
	Andrew sprinted back to the physician's house. Katy was just walking out. Andrew took her hand. She was a little unsteady on her feet.
	"How do you feel?" Andrew asked.
	"Better. But a little tired. Andrew, let's go home."
	They walked to Teltibane's tent, on the outskirts of town.
	"We're ready," Andrew called.
	Teltibane emerged, carrying a small prism. "Let me get the right angle with the sun here."	
	He held the prism up to the sunlight, and a rainbow appeared. He said an incantation, and it seemed to intensify. A great noise started up.
	"Look into the rainbow, and imagine the waterfall where you came from!" Teltibane shouted over the noise.
	They looked at the rainbow, and concentrated on the spot where they came from originally. The hidden waterfall in Arbori Park.
	The noise of falling water filled their ears, and got louder and louder. The colors of the rainbow bent, and flowed around them, faster and faster.
	Color and sound spun around them, until it enveloped them totally.	
	Then the teens landed with a thud on the grass, near the waterfall in Arbori park. The eastern sun shone through the green trees. It was about six o'clock a.m. and the air was chilly. It was early springtime, less than twelve hours from when they had left.
	Katy stretched, looked around, and smiled. "Green leaves. No monsters. Home at last."
	No monsters, Andrew mused. No danger. But no adventure either. Although he had his fill of it, for the time being. If there was one thing that he had learnt, it was that adventure wasn't all fun and a good time like it was often depicted to be in books and movies. It came with a steep price. 	
	The pair hiked back through the forest to the path and back to the entrance of the park. Their bikes were still there, thankfully, locked to the bike stand. They rode towards home until they got to the spot where their paths diverged, and stopped to share a kiss in the early morning air. 
	"I love you Katy," said Andrew. "I guess this whole adventure will have to be kept secret, if we don't want to be sent to a mental institution."
	"I guess you're right," said Katy. "But to me, you will always be the hero, Andrew Cilifax, Champion of the Light. Slayer of the evil King Blue, and"
	"Okay," said Andrew, holding up his hand. "That's enough, Katy the Captured, who never gave up hope in the darkest hour, who"
	Katy laughed. "See you later. Our deeds live on, in the millions freed of Blue's tyranny. And that's enough for me. It's better than any recognition or award. And don't forget, we still have that science test today. And the biology paper."
	"How do you remember that stuff?! That was months ago. Kind of. You're right, I better get going."
	Andrew Light-defender pedaled off, as fast as he could. His science average was hanging by a thread. He needed to cram for the test that day.
	He parked his bike and rushed into his house.
	Andrew's mother and father were sitting in the kitchen, half filled cups of coffee in front of them, looking very tired. They glared at Andrew as he came in to the room.
	"Young man," said Andrew's mother, Sarah, in her best you-have-been-very-bad voice. "Where have you been? Away all night. Do you know how worried we were?"
	"Katy and I went on a hike and got lost, so we slept in the woods."
	"Oh," said Sarah. "Are you okay?"
	"Yeah, I'm fine mom."
	"We will let it go this time," said Andrew's father, Bill. "But if it ever happens again, you will be grounded for two months, at least."
	"Okay," said Andrew. "Now am I excused? I have homework to do."
	Sarah nodded. Andrew hurried to do his schoolwork in the couple of hours remaining before school.
	
	Kyle accosted Andrew after school. "War."
	"War?" asked Andrew, nonplussed.
	"Yes, war. Call of Warfare Five. Me against you. Now."
	Andrew was tired of war and fighting for the time being. And after the real thing, the prospect of having a fake war on a screen just wasn't very exciting any more. "War? It's not my thing. I'm more of a pacifist type."
	"Is this the real Andrew Milton? Or has his brain been taken over by aliens? You told me that you couldn't wait to play Call of Warfare Five. That it made you salivate," Kyle said. "What happened?"
	"Oh, all right," said Andrew. "C'mon, race you there."
	Anything, for the sake of friendship.
	Andrew mastered the game pretty easily. But some of his comments made Kyle think along the lines of alien abduction again. Such as, "in a real battle that tactic never would have worked. The game engine doesn't take into account the gunner's reaction time, or the inertia of the helicopter"
	Kyle cut him off. "A real battle? Like you would know anything about a real battle."
	Oops. Andrew quickly recovered, and resolved to be more careful in the future. A mental facility was not where he wanted to be spending his time.
	"Kyle you know my Uncle Fred, the veteran, whenever he comes around he always goes on and on about his war experiences, how he won that battle or the other...."
	
	Andrew finally got to finish his painting of the dolphins and sea the next night. He put the last touches on the dolphin's nose, and it was finally complete, so many months after he had begun. 
	If only Blue would have drew inspiration from the playful dolphin instead of the venomous octopus, Andrew mused. Things could have been so much different. So many lives needn't have been lost. So many men needn't have been maimed.
 	Vallidius Blue amassed power as mighty as the great blue ocean, and he had waged his war. But he was ultimately stopped by powers as light as the brilliant sands of the beaches, the very sands that hold the great sea at bay everywhere. 


THE END



