Blood For Culture: Part 1
Mitul Mistry

Copyright 2012 Mitul Mistry

Roark & Hudson Associates

Smashwords Edition

Discover other titles by Mitul Mistry at Smashwords.com


For Ms. Linda Augustyn and Ms. Jodi Innes,
English teachers extraordinaire



NOTE: The first few pages are intentionally written crudely. Please read a few pages before making a judgment.

Chapter 1


The lightning flashed and the thunder cracked. It tore across the sky, ripping through the clouds like a thousand thousand blades branching off of one another. Shooting upright in his bed, Gideon found himself immediately awake, alert to the presence of sword fighting taking place nearby. That unmistakable sound of steel clashing with steel, of men forcing their destructive wills upon one another in that age old struggle he had reenacted time and time again was impossible for one such as he to sleep soundly through, for Gideon had witnessed firsthand the horrors that such cacophony signified. Standing up quickly, the lightning urgency of conflict imminent surging through his spine, he bolted to the window. Looking out, he could see a skirmish going on further down the city streets between the city guards and a band of ruffians. Thieves, no doubt, at such a late hour. It appeared that the guards were being overwelmed.
Gideon would have preferred to stay out of it, as his sword arm had been wearied by the viciousness of the past and he was in no mood for further bloodshed, but it appeared that he had no choice. The guards would probably die without him. Without further thought, Gideon pulled his blade from its sheathe by the bed and ran out of his bedroom and down the stairs, not wanting to waste any time equipping any armor, or even finding a shirt for that matter; mens lives were hanging in the balance.
Kicking the door open, he sprinted down the dark streets towards the sound of clashing steel, the sound of blood conflict, of war. He could feel his heart pumping, thudding against the muscle of his bear chest, slick with sweat. Within moments, he found himself staring at the skirmish raging in the streets. More of the city guard had joined the fray, but the thieves were still overpowering them. The scoundrels were pushing the guards into an alleyway, the glimmering crimson on their tarnished blades shining in the moonlight, crying out for blood.
Crouching in the shadows, Gideon stalked towards the area where the main body of thieves were pressing their attack. Quickly, yet silently, he crept along the walls, his bare feet used to the cold touch of stone, of the battlefield. Suddenly, he found himself behind the thieves, in perfect position to flank them. However, he was loathe to strike from the shadows, without his enemies even having a chance to defend themselves. It was cowardly, and thieves though they may be, he must grant them at least some basic human rights. 
He hefted his blade and tapped one of the thieves on the shoulder. The theif turned around, bewildered, his mask unable to hide an expression of confusion. But as he finally noticed Gideon in the shadows, he lashed out at him with his blade. Gideon parried the blows, his arm unflinching against the heavy reverberations, and slashed the thief across the face. As the thief yelped and grabbed at his split face, Gideon quickly kicked him in the head. The thief was bowled over and came crashing to the ground, screaming in agony. The others, now noticing the presence of a third party in the conflict, began rallying to deal with the new threat.
A couple thieves, turning, launched themselves at him, but Gideon rolled to the side and the two found themselves attacking nothing but thin air. Gideon kicked at the legs of one of them, knocking him to the floor. The other slashed, but Gideon reflexively jumped back, making a slash of his own in the process. Almost instantaneously, the thief lay upon the ground clutching at his stomach, a newly formed streak of red upon Gideons blade. The previous thief, struggling upwards, barely had time to stand upright before he found his throat cut open. Quickly, Gideon lined up a strike, and in one fell swoop decapitated three more.
The scoundrels began pouring upon Gideon now, coming at him from all angles, almost surrounding him. Yet for every strike they made upon him, they found only thin air or Gideons blade waiting patiently for a parry or a counterstrike, never his plainly exposed flesh. Once there was a moment of abatement in the thieves attack, Gideon pressed his offensive furiously and within moments had them on the defensive, slicing off limbs in a flurry of action, leaving only bleeding stumps. Yet at the peak of his attack, they found themselves suddenly cut apart from behind. It appeared that Gideon had provided the necessary diversion for the city guards to successfully press on their attack.
As the last few villains fled the scene, some of the city guards in hot pursuit, Gideon surveyed the battlefield. The streets were covered in corpses, in both the dead and the dying. Decapitated heads, stray limbs, and still struggling dismembered bodies  it was a gruesome sight, the blood almost pooling in the gutters, but it had been necessary.
Master Gideon! one of the city guards called out, pulling off his scarred helm. Thank the gods you showed up when you did! There was no way we could have fended them off any longer without your aid!
Oh, please, Gideon said, it was nothing. I only did what was necessary.
Necessary? the guard said. Master Gideon, it was most certainly not necessary for you to enter the fray! This was our conflict and you would have been in no way held responsible for anything if you had chosen to stay out of this sordid affair.
Yes, well, I would have been responsible to myself, and thats something no court really has any influence over, now does it?
Truly, Master Gideon, you must have slain at least twenty of those wretched crooks!
As I said, Gideon reiterated, it was nothing. Now please, we must clean these streets before morning. Cant have the citizens seeing this mess, now can we?
Indeed, the guard replied. But please, Master Gideon, get some rest. It is our duty, not yours.
No, guardsman, the duty is also mine, for

Joe.

to take a life is a very serious matter. Too often, we take what life is given to us for granted and fail to explore and enjoy it to its fullest before, one day, it is suddenly, and perhaps even absurdly, taken from us. At the very least, we must take care of those that

Joe.
What?
Breaks over.
The scribbled words lay etched upon the old, weathered paper. Its torn notebook edges and seedy stains gave the impression that it was from another era, and perhaps indeed it was. It was hard to believe that Joseph had written those words a mere five years ago. Tossing the papers into his bag and pocketing his packet of untouched crackers, he stood up to return to work. 
Exiting the staff room, he walked through a small corridor, finding himself in the storeroom yet again, a dark, secluded place where Joseph spent most of his days. The place was a mess as usual, the racks filled with all manner of miscellaneous artifacts, strange boxes of obscure toys, military modeling kits, slabs of packaged clay, puzzles, radio control cars, die cast tractors, dolls, and polystyrene, lots and lots of polystyrene, as well as boxes to package it all in. Slapping the keyboard, Joseph brought the computer to life once again, forcing it out of its undoubtedly restful hibernation. As the light of the cathode ray tube monitor struck his eyes through his glasses, he fiddled with the keys, and forced the computer to regurgitate what was necessary. The printer complied, but not without complaint, and spat out the various order forms like a drunkard after one too many shots of whiskey.
Joe grabbed the forms out of the printer as its screeching finally ground to a halt and dropped them in the empty 'Unfilled Orders' tray, which never seemed to stay empty for very long. With the holiday season at an end, at least the tray was vacant momentarily once in a while. Looking at the first form, he saw the items listed and began browsing through the inventory. One bottle of modeling plaster  check. One bottle of latex rubber  check. Three packets of model turf soil  check. One packet of dark green lichen  check. One bottle of Realistic Water  check. Probably some guy trying to patch up his model railroad scene or something.
Gathering the items in question, he brought them to one of the desks. They werent very big, so one of the smaller boxes would do. Joe tossed in some packaging pellets, carefully layered the items in the box with more packaging material, placed in the order form after tearing off the address caption and closed the flaps of the cardboard box. He grabbed a roll of tape and sealed the package, glued the address label to the top, stuck on the stores label in the corner, and placed it on the delivery rack. It was silly, really, considering everything was made in China; why not just order from them direct? He sighed and left the box as-is. Postage would be applied later by someone more knowledgeable about the rates.
Hey Joe, how ya holdin up?
Joseph turned and saw Daniel with a handful of items sitting down at the desk next to him.
Im doin okay, how bout you? Joe replied, readjusting his glasses.
Oh, same as always. Getting along, I guess you could say.
Hows Jane? Joe asked.
Oh, shes fine. Dan said soberly.
Hows the city treating her?
Meh, could be better, could be worse. Last time I visited her, she was getting along okay, so its all good I guess.
How's school? Joe said.
Dan laughed. Break is just too damn short, and classes cost too damn much. Does that answer your question?
Joseph picked up the next order form and got up, reenacting the all too familiar cycle for the umpteenth time. One Roman Colosseum brick and mortar kit  check. One scale model casting resin kit  check. One fiber optic fluorescent rod (10 pack: red)  check. One fiber optic fluorescent rod (10 pack: blue)  check. One Super Mega Model Rocket Set 
Dammit. Joseph couldnt find it in the storeroom. Hed have to check outside in the actual store. He still couldnt understand the fact that people actually bought that kind of junk, because, honestly, what did people do with it? It was a fruitless question, though. Maybe if he bought himself a Super Mega Model Rocket Set, he might understand, but considering the current state of his bank account, he wondered if he could ever even afford one, let alone consciously shell out his hard earned cash for something that would only work once.
Heading out of the storeroom door, he traveled through the small corridor and into the actual store, the maddening sound of a holiday radio station violating the sanctity of his mind. The aisles and aisles of artifacts filled the recesses of what would otherwise be a gaping void in the middle of a suburban shopping center. Yet that very feeling of emptiness prevailed nevertheless, as no one really came to the store in person anyway. Almost all of the stores business came in through the web, and the bulk of that came in during the holidays. The off-season was generally pretty empty, though orders continued to trickle in despite it all. The store had recently let go the temporary holiday help, so there were only a few lost souls left working there, Joseph among them. 
He caught a glimpse of the manager, but he wanted to avoid him. The manager was a jerk. Joe kept walking towards the registers. He saw Chris and Matt standing around by the checkout counter, idling away the time in the absence of non-virtual customers, and the bitter weather outside would ensure it would remain that way for a while to come.
Joe! Chris hailed, a rather tall young man wearing a familiar red store shirt.
Chris, Joe said.
Whats up?
Not much. Just wondering if you knew where I could find a Super Mega Model Rocket Set. Couldnt find one in the storeroom.
A what?
A Super Mega Model Rocket Set.
You serious? Thats the name of an actual product? Chris said.
Yeah, thats what the order form says.
Oh! Matt said. I know where they are! Just one nanosecond!
And hes off Chris muttered. The guy gets so excited.
After a moment of awkward silence, Matt reappeared, lugging a gargantuan black box on top of his head.
Oh god Joe whispered, his stomach suffering a sickening lurch.
Yeah, no kidding, Chris laughed. Have fun packin that sucker!
Judging by the sheer size of the container that the rocket set came in, perhaps the Super Mega prefix was indeed justified.
It took him a while, but with some help from Dan, Joe managed to get the items packaged and ready to ship. After about twenty or so more orders, Joseph found himself at the glass door, bundled up like an astronaut gathering the nerve to walk out into the void. With a sharp breath, he opened the airlock and stepped out into the black and frigid wastes, the nightmare outskirts of the universe, cold enough to suck the warmth from the living. With every stride, he could feel the world bleeding out the dying embers of his body, piercing the feeble armor of his winter coat.
Searching the slick snow covered emptiness of the parking lot, he found his weary steed sitting, waiting to be buried  beaten up, ravaged, having endured the brutal tortures of countless previous owners, bearing the wounds of war, bound with duct tape. Every time he saw the damned thing, he always got the new world heebie-jeebies. The menace of machinery, the mechanization of life Couldn't live with it, but couldn't live without. Quickly, he fumbled for his keys and unlocked his car door in an attempt to get out of the bitter cold of the post-holiday season.
He started his radio, tuning it to an alternative rock station in an effort to drown out the haunting echoes of the siren song known as holiday spirit. As he switched on his headlights, he watched as they pierced the darkness of early night, a cryptic song providing the soundtrack to his experience. The notes of his discordant sentence rung in the form of song, and the world beyond the windshield twisted and roiled to the haunting notes as he pulled out of the lot, driving through the maze of sprawling spaces and wasteland passageways until he finally reached the main road. Though his eyes were focused on the street before him, he had driven this route so many times before that he could get home driving in his sleep. And as the words struck his thoughts, his heart cooked his brain, and his mind wandered, on a slow walk his body, limping behind

A land mine, waiting for him at every turn

Cut to shreds by forgotten shrapnel.

A coal mine, on the horizon

His body, a vehicle of labor, made for digging diamonds and uranium.

A bad thought, all he had left

The skeletal structures, missing limbs, lining the roads where once there was earth. There in the darkness, his lights falling off, he felt the ancestral forces pulling at his borders. 

Like a snake detaching its jaw, its fangs piercing flesh, swallowing the mass of fur and skin, the modest, mouse colored quarry dying slowly.

His sightless eyes, his prison skull
His matter refilled and forced out

This heartland This new world Refilled through his ears. The phantom visions of cold and bitterness, a new zeitgeist, one of remorse and resentment, blunt spite aimed at the creators.

Inland from Lake Shore Drive
The birds dissolving into the darkness

Smoke and mirrors Mirrors and screens. Delusion and indifference Disillusion and disappointment. Inward and outward, into the abyss. Into the lonesome crowded west An empty world, filled to the brim with nothing. A hallucinatory state of grace, the flickering afterimage of a hungry skull superimposed on the blackness of the road before him  the ghost of civilization

The fields of asphodel The spirit of the suburbs.

The roads were straight, yet they wound, their channels flowing into holes lining the ground. His vision broke, his eyes realigned, and he was left in his car, alone, with his thoughts, with his madness, left to rot.
He began thinking about his story. It was such an old thing  at least five years is rather old for a nineteen year old. He had dug it up in an old collection of high school junk he had been sifting through, tossing it in his bag upon whim. He couldnt believe that he had actually written such drivel. Granted, even the masters had to start somewhere, but, again, he couldnt imagine any of them ever writing such drivel.
Joe hit the brakes as a car in the other lane swerved and cut him off. Asshat Joseph cursed. If Joe hadnt braked, they would have collided.
Regardless, he tried to let his thoughts drift away once again. The story was extremely childish, it was settled upon  but why? Was it simply the ludicrousness of the violence? It couldnt be just that. There were other aspects that turned the writing into something cringeworthy.
The song on the radio station ended and another one began. It was some ugly punk song, with its whiny vocals and redundant riffs; it broke his train of thought. Joe turned the radio off. Was it really that difficult for a band to produce music that was at least palatable? And was it really that difficult for a radio station to come up with more than a couple decent tracks? On second thought, perhaps it was, judging by his own limited collection of quality music.
He drove through the artificial landscape, knowing that the buildings surrounding him wouldn't be there in a hundred years, let alone a thousand. The large breadbox forms with peaked roofs and vinyl siding lined up in regularity, temporary shelters meant to fulfill a singular coffin-like purpose in life, not meant to last after death. But thinking about the reality of that particular brand of civilization made him feel ill, considering he was stuck as one of its inhabitants. Not as ill as he felt, however, passing the flashing red and blue, like fireflies drawn to the corpse of a vehicle.
For the rest of the ride home, he focused his eyes on the road, his mind taking up a similarly blank countenance. He was tired, too tired to do anything more than make sure he didnt crash into anyone, or vice versa.
The dim lights of the suburbs passed by in a hypnotic sort of blur, as if he was proceeding in some sort of a dream state, prone to wake up at any moment. As he turned into the driveway, however, he knew that there was no waking up, not from this dream  though the word dream implied something mystical and fantastical, his reality appearing to be neither. It wasnt really a nightmare, though, either  simply a surreal portrait of existence caught in limbo. 
Turning off his car, he hesitated. As much as he disliked, and indeed feared the task of driving, his car had become a sort of sanctuary for him, the only place he could get any real solitude, and despite its mortal implications, he was loathe to leave the comfort of its dominion. Yet eventually he got up and got out, not so much because someone might miss him, but because he was hungry, and he had no food in the car. Well, he had his crackers, but they could only quiet the demands of his over-large stomach for only ever so long.
Joseph pulled out his keys and slowly unlocked the door. It was nice getting out of the cold  well, the physical cold, anyway. He attempted to close the door as silently as possible, but apparently not silently enough.
Joseph, that you?
Who else could it be? Yeah, Joseph replied.
Joe hung up his coat in the closet and took off his shoes. It was refreshing getting his feet out after ten hours, as it always was. He had learned to appreciate the simple pleasures in life as of late, in lieu of any major ones. After all, one could not be picky when ones endless numbered days were spent working at Oakwood Hobbies and Toys.
He walked into the living room and saw his father curled up on the loveseat clad in a flaming pink bathrobe, a shock of gray hair sprouting from his head, a book in his lap. He looked as if he had just awoken from a nap, a sort of passive delirium glazing over his distinctly ordinary visage  in other words, just how he always looked.
You ever going to get your own bathrobe? Joe asked.
Why? Your mother never uses hers, and it's in perfectly good condition, his father replied, not lifting his eyes from his book.
The simmering flames from the fake fireplace crackled, filling the silence with at least some substance as Joe leaned against the wall and sighed, untucking his shirt.
Theres some pasta in the fridge, I think, his father said, out of hand.
Joe moved to the kitchen and headed straight for the fridge. He opened it, his eyes glancing past the numerous food-like substances until finding the one he was in search of. It was a small disposable container of somewhat crusty pasta, but it seemed edible enough, so he pulled the container out and thrust it in the microwave. After a few minutes of waiting, the machine beeped and he pulled it out. Grabbing a fork from the drawer, he left for the living room once more.
Collapsing onto the couch, he cracked open the container and commenced his Friday night dinner. But as he switched on the TV, his father cried foul.
Excuse me, his father said, cant you see Im trying to read?
Oh come on, youre not reading, Joe said.
I never said I was. I said that I was trying to read, and Ill never get to it with all that noise.
Why dont you find another book? Its obvious youre just not interested. Joe said.
This is a perfectly good book, and I mean to finish it, his father said.
Dad, youve been trying to read Crime and Punishment for like ten years now, and you still havent gotten past the first part.
Oh, come on, its not all my fault! If this author would just pick up the pace a little bit, my attention would be held. But he stretches things out so much  I mean, enough with all this contemplation already. Will this fellow just kill this woman already? Its obvious hes going to do it, so honestly, just do it!
Well, its sort of supposed to be about the psyche and that sort of thing Joe said slowly. Youre better off with something more recent, if you want fast moving plot.
His father grunted. I think Ill just go read in the den.
As his father left, Joseph breathed a small sigh of relief. Now at least he could eat his gruel in peace. 
Flipping through the channels in an attempt to find something interesting, he found himself watching a news report; the violent images had unconsciously caught his attention. It appeared to be a foreign report on some foreign country experiencing a foreign rebellion. He couldnt quite follow what was going on  it was all so foreign  but the videos of the government soldiers marching and firing seemed to tell a deeper story. The slew of images of gunfire, of ravaged buildings burning in the background seemed so unreal as the reporter in the newsroom spoke of casualties and social unrest. It was amazing how people could be so troubled and so miserable and yet so unheard and so unseen simply because they were so far away.
Joe switched the channel. It was too depressing. He found himself watching some action show. It was a very lively, flagrant sort of affair. It looked like some sort of a large gunfight was occurring with several explosions going on in the background. The visual effects were amazing, as they seemed they had to be in order to catch anyone's attention. One of the men got shot, blood erupting from his chest as the sound of the pistol report recreated itself in the TV's speakers. One of the characters, the protagonist presumably, continued firing with his automatic rifle into the warehouse where some of the other characters, presumably the antagonists, were hiding out. It was turning out to be a rather bloody episode indeed, yet as a few of the innocent bystanders got caught in the crossfire, Joseph noticed a peculiar thing had happened  he had moved to change the channel out of boredom. 
Joseph forced himself to pause and consider this. The show seemed to be providing all the excitement one could ask for from the station censors, yet he had still not felt compelled enough to continue watching. The flicker of the gunfire lit up the room, dancing across Joseph's glasses. Maybe it was because the violence was so disconnected from reality. But it's not as if the news provided a clear picture either  just a bunch of ominous forces constructing narratives for proles to buy into. Maybe people didn't want reality. Maybe he did. So what was he to do? Write about alpha males with automatic machine guns and give the people what they really wanted? Maybe that would work with TV, but with writing writing was different. People read for vastly different reasons than they watched television, or so he liked to believe. So what was he to do? He didn't know. He honestly just didn't know. Joseph hadn't written anything in months, and certainly nothing serious in years. Maybe this was the day he broke his hiatus. It was a fine day, was it not? Well, he was tired, but he'd been saying that for years; it was no excuse. But what was he supposed to write about? He didn't have any worthwhile concepts. With a sigh, he shut the TV, picked up his bag, and headed to his room. Like cleaning up the kitty litter, he knew what he had to do. He was exhausted and cranky. He wasn't in the proper mood. But he had to. He had to write.
As he sat down in his decade old swivel chair, he powered up his computer with a sense of dread. He hadn't written in so long, and breaking that kind of hiatus was always so demanding and costly. Hell, he couldn't even remember the last book he'd read. Joe knew by now that he was always maturing, always compiling more and more thoughts into his mental arsenal as time went on, even if he did nothing other than live his life robotically, but no matter what, it was always a struggle to start the creative process going. It was like trying to get an old car to run, one that would much rather sit, rot, and idle away its life in peace at the junkyard, awaiting the earth to reclaim it.
The computer finished booting, and William Shakespeare stared mockingly from the computer's desktop. Joseph opened the word processor. It flickered open, a large white space coming into existence, simply waiting to be filled with magic. Joseph proceeded to stare into the said empty space, imagining a trail of drool dribbling down his lip. What the hell was he doing? He had no business putting pen to paper, or characters to screen, or whatever. Writing was a craft reserved for people who actually had at least a modicum of talent. It was something that intelligent, sophisticated, artistic people did, not crass buffoons like him. He began typing anyway, looked at the sentence he had written, deleted it, and quickly closed the program. But that left ol' Billy Shakes staring at him again from the desktop. The sneering bastard. Joseph could almost imagine the smug prophet decrying him as a miserable, pudgy cretin, a talentless hack that could never be anything more than a second grade scribbler, never a true wordsmith, a craftsman an artist.
But screw Shakespeare. The man was old and dead. Time for something new. Joseph shut his eyes, cleared his mind, and when he revealed that space again, he began to write.

Out of the misty darkness, the clatter of ringing steel mingled with the bestial roars of both men and flame. The cacophony of combat echoed across the ravaged stone buildings of the city, down the murky alleyways, and through the shattered window. They were the sounds of midnight nightmares, the cries of minds gone mad, of worlds colliding, shattering each other until nothing was left but empty remnants. They were the howls of the nightstalkers, the walkers of the lands of the maimed and the damned. It was a nightmare, yes, but whether one of the waking mind or the sleeping one, it was impossible to discern. 
Gideon contemplated this wearily as he stood before the window, looking out into the mess taking place down the street below. The shadows of men silhouetted against the dancing flames flickered amidst the night, disappearing and rematerializing ceaselessly. He had been awoken by the cries and the screams of havoc being wrought yet again. The stone cobbled streets were slick with the previous night's rains and reflected the intense yellows and oranges of the burning warehouse; the fiery glow was almost hypnotic.
The forms of the figures shimmered as they fought against the intensity of the flames, but it was difficult to surmise their identities. Yet who else could they be? The insurgents were unwavering in their nightly assaults and had recently stepped up their attacks. The city guard could barely keep the streets under control anymore and, as of late, they had taken to hiring mercenaries just to make it through the nights. The garrison was slowly being depleted and every morning it was anyone's guess who was running the city.
The sword hung against the bedside, a rusty, tarnished old thing that looked better sheathed than drawn. He knew he ought to go down and help. It was his job. They paid him to to do these types of things. But as he stared out into the city, the streets slowly becoming slick with blood, he wondered what for? Gideon drew the curtains and sank back into bed, the sounds of men killing and being killed echoing across the alleyways. Better they fought out in the streets than in his apartment. And with that, he went to sleep.

Joseph sat back in his swivel chair and frowned. What a messed up beginning for a story. It wasn't too bad, he guessed, but it was rather dark, wasn't it? No matter. It was something, and something was infinitely better than nothing when it came to his writing. He would think on it and see where the story might take him. Maybe Gideon was a character that might actually go somewhere. But it didn't seem like Joseph had any more words left in him that night, so he saved his file and closed the word processor. William Shakespeare glowered at him with his big bug eyes, but now a bit more melancholic rather than snide. Maybe where before the bard had looked upon Joseph as a talentless hack trying to be something grand, now he looked upon him with disdain and sorrow for his dying craft, for though Joseph's ability had evolved, he wondered if he would be capable of doing anything with it. Or if anyone would care.
Joe opened up his web browser and went to check his email. He logged into his account and opened up his inbox to find nothing. As per usual, he supposed. No one seemed to bother keeping much in touch anymore. They were all quite busy, they kept telling him, though he couldn't quite understand how busy one might be to be unable to write him a paragraph once in a while. He closed his browser and began shutting down his computer, but as he turned, his heart jolted, a mythic figure standing impatiently in the doorway. His mother, a displeased grimace lurking just beneath her customary terse and testy expression. Joseph always dreaded these encounters with her after she got back from work. They were even worse than the encounters with her before she left for work. In fact, in recent times, he more or less tried to avoid encounters with her in general.
Joseph, his mother said.
Mother, Joe said.
What are you doing?
Uh I was just checking my email before going to bed.
That's not what I meant. You were writing your little stories again, weren't you?
Uh, no, I was just checking my email. I use a computer for other things too, you know.
Oh please, Joseph, who's going to email you? You're always complaining about how none of your friends stay in touch with you anymore.
Well, I have a right to check sometimes, just in case, don't I? This wasn't going to end well.
You're sidestepping the issue, Joseph. Now tell me, have you been wasting more of your time writing your little ditties again? Answer me. She coughed hollowly.
I I just wrote a few paragraphs, mom. It was barely like fifteen, twenty minutes
I don't know how many times I have to repeat myself. How many times do we have to go over this, Joseph? Look at yourself. What are you doing, Joseph? Tell me, what are you doing?
I'm
You're what? Huh? Save your breath. You've no idea.
Listen mom, why do you have to
Because somebody has to look out for you, if you won't. I'm your mother. I love you. And when I see my son rotting away, doing nothing with his life but working at some god forsaken hobby hellhole and writing little fairy tales pretending to be J. R. R. Tolkien, what am I supposed to do? It makes me sick.
Joseph paused, letting the bombshell disperse.You can try letting me make some decisions on my own.
You? Making decisions? Joseph, it's your decisions that got you stuck in this mess in the first place! Let me tell you something. You know why your friends are so busy? Because they're all going to college, Joseph. They all have classes, homework and tests to attend to, football games and parties to go to. They're all getting drunk and having sex, but at least in three or four years they're going to graduate with a degree. Then they will either get jobs, or go to graduate school, then get even better jobs. Then they will get married, have kids, and live generally decent, happy lives. But what are you doing, Joseph? I'll ask you again? What are you doing?
Joe just looked through his glasses and dropped his gaze.
You may think I'm being too hard on you, Joey, but I'm only looking out for you. You said you needed time to think. But Joey, you've had enough time. It's time for you to get going with your life.
Joe remained silent. When he looked up, the doorway was empty. He went to the bathroom, brushed his teeth, changed his clothes, turned off the lights, and went to bed. After a time, he realized he was having trouble falling asleep, so he got up and went to his window, imagining what it might feel like to see the streets aflame. But there were no fires in the suburbs. And even if there were, the fire department would quickly put them out. And obviously this was a good thing, right? But, like everything, it had its consequences, and its costs. In times of turmoil, all anyone ever wanted was peace and stability. But in times of peace and stability, all anyone ever wanted was a bit of turmoil. But there he was, getting all falsely philosophical again. After all, no philosophy ever led to anything but suicide. He went back to bed and closed his eyes. Maybe the feelings would go away if he didn't think about them.



PART I:
Spirit of the Suburbs



Chapter 2



He looked left and right, peering down the sights of his automatic rifle. The dusty terrain was uninterrupted all around, and the sandy sun-drenched buildings stood, conveniently enclosing the battlefield. With his back against a stone wall, J-Money waited patiently in anticipation as the timer ticked away. A shadow of movement. He fired, the echo of the rifle's reports blasting his ears. Within a moment, the enemy lay dead at his feet, a rough bloodstain against the bullet strewn wall. The satisfaction was short lived, however, as the enemy's teammate came from the side and shot J-Money in the face with a shotgun. Dammit.
He watched the rest of the fight play itself out from a distance, becoming a disembodied spirit haunting the battlefield. There were several terrorists still in play, with only one counter-terrorist standing his ground by the bombsite. The CT got moving, checking spastically around each corner, anticipating his own imminent death with each passing moment. Then, through the arched gateway across the bombsite, the masked warriors appeared, firing upon the CT taking cover. He fired back, letting bullets fly that pierced skull and brain, dropping one of the terrorists in a bloody display of superior marksmanship. But then there was a metallic grating sound, and the CT, that sole defender of freedom left to save their souls, fell to the floor with a groan, a terrorist standing behind, still swinging his knife with rigid arms. He then proceeded to lower himself upon the fallen CT's face up and down in a lewd gesture that surely flew in the face of the Geneva Conventions.
The battle began anew, and J-Money purchased his weaponry once more. He looked through the scope of his new rifle and took a position overlooking the underpass. Scanning back and forth, he kept his eyes peeled for the masked assailants that would surely be upon him any moment. A foot appeared. J-Money fired, striking flesh. The victim took cover and began peppering J-Money's position with automatic rifle fire. J-Money pulled back but saw gunfire erupting from the tunnel to the right, and blasted at it with his pistol as he made for the bombsite in an effort to regroup with his comrades. The rapid booming of an automatic shotgun tore into his ears as a CT covering the tunnel went down. The terrorists were brutal and efficient, and the future looked grim.
J-Money pulled back to the bombsite and tried to spot enemy limbs through the scope of his rifle. He fired, the sound numbing his ears. A terrorist appeared through the gateway, and as his head fell under the crosshairs, J-Money silenced him in an instant, but then he turned and drew his pistol, firing away at the side passage. Suddenly, he got the call  the terrorists had managed to plant the bomb at the other site. J-Money cursed and quickly made his way there. He moved through a door and stood staring into the eyes of a garbed terrorist. J-Money panicked, but managed to shoot him in the face, yet there was no time to savor the lethal blow. He poked around the corner with his rifle, and shot the two terrorists guarding the bomb, dropping them one by one. As the bomb's beeping quickened, J-Money ran to it, attempting to defuse it. He almost managed, but he was too late; the bomb blew and ripped his body to shreds like a cut of overcooked meat. The score appeared, along with individual kill counts. Joseph cringed. He almost had it!
The buttons of the menu bar lingered on the screen, and though Joseph was tempted to play again, it was more out of habit than enjoyment. How many terrorists and counter-terrorists had he killed over the course of his years? Thousands? The graphics were so bad, the buildings nothing more than giant flat boxes of geometry, ugly pixellated textures stretched over them in an appallingly crude imitation of reality. The game always made him feel so pathetic, as he could never compete with the truly skilled. Getting one-shot killed within the first few moments of a round was commonplace, as was getting raped 10 times for every one kill. Why did he even play? He shut the program down, and flinched as the bard assaulted him by surprise. He really needed a new desktop wallpaper. Eh, he'd find one tomorrow.
Joseph slumped in his chair, his back where his butt ought to have been. He groaned and sputtered to himself, as he always did when he was alone in his room with nothing to do but wallow. What did the old aristocrats used to call it? Ennui? Yeah, ennui. He had a lot of that. In fact, such was the degree of his ennui that it had collapsed into a black hole in his chest cavity and could actually suck the energy out of anyone within a ten foot radius.
As Joseph stared blankly into his monitor, the cat rolled over onto his keyboard. With a grunt, he grabbed the animal by the paws and dropped him onto the floor  he fell with a plop. Garfield was fat, old, and Joseph's patron saint of sloth. The cat stared at the ceiling with drooping eyelids, pawing at the sky, unable to roll over. It moaned, as if begging for the sweet release of death. And in truth, Joe probably wouldn't shed any tears if the creature suffered a heart attack. He had been cute as a kitten, but now the poor creature was so obese that he really just needed to be put out of his misery. With idle pity, Joe prodded the creature onto its belly with his foot.
Another day off, another day bled, lost forever, beaten dead. He had only just finished eating lunch, but the unmistakable taste of a wasted day mingled with the bologna of his sandwich, and he knew what to expect. He really ought to do something productive, shouldn't he? Live life to the fullest, and all that. He could read a book, or write, or something, surely? But as he eyed the icon in the corner of his desktop, that golden S with crossed blades, he knew where his hours would be going that day; indeed, the worn out WASD keys told the story well.
The application opened up, and, after a moment of loading, the rousing music thundered to life  SHADOWCRAFT. He typed in his username and password, and his list of characters opened up, alarming in length. He clicked his main character and a rustic illustration of warriors and warlords filled the screen, a loading bar slowly filling up at the bottom. How many times had he watched that little blue bar fill up? How many times had he sat, staring blankly at the screen, waiting for something to happen?
An expanse of digital highland stretched out before him. The dusty red and orange of the sky mingled with the clouds, lighting up the textured grasses of the landscape. A stone road cut itself through the terrain amidst rocks and shrubs, savage monsters and beasts roaming aimlessly in the distance. A matrix of buttons arranged in rows filled the interface in what may as well have been the console of a space ship. In the chat window, words appeared: Welcome to the world of Shadowcraft! Patch 2.3.0 is now live  Server transfers for characters are now available, for a low surcharge! Customers with complaints regarding the recent account intrusions can contact customer support through the Shadowcraft website. Enjoy your stay!
Joseph's character, Cratos, stood in the middle of the screen, wrapped in savage armor, the lithe form of his tall, muscled body moving with calm and collected breath. A wicked blade rested in each hand, and he fingered them with impatience. Joe moved his character forward through the highlands, in search of something to slay. In the chat window, green words appeared.
(Guild) [Slinky]:  The filthy son of a bitch. That bastard knew damn well I needed that effin wraith armor, and  he took it with a smile on his face!  Him, a berserker! What the hell is a godamn berserker going to do with a set of wraith armor? Tell me! Godamn ninja
(Guild) [Fortunato]: Dude, just chill. It's not that big a deal. You will get more armor later.
(Guild) [Slinky]: Yeah, I know, but it still pisses me off.
(Guild) [Mormon]: CRATOS. WHAT IS UPP DUDE =)
(Guild) [Fortunato]: Cratos, you're behind on your guild dues.
(Guild) [Cratos]: Yeah, I know, I'll pay up when I get some damn gold. Wasted it all gambling.
(Guild) [Mormon]: you need to get your damn gambling under control, man! maybe you should join gamblers anonymous or something. hang out with all the undead dwarfs =)
There was a howl, and over the ridge, a large, rabid, misshapen troll appeared, towering over him. With a blood curdling roar, Cratos charged, slashing at the creature with both blades. The troll battered at Cratos with a large, fanged club, but it did little harm. Within a minute, Cratos had cut the creature to ribbons. He leaned down to snatch up the silver coins from under the corpse's loin cloth, then proceeded on his way. He looked at his map. There would be a troll camp not far from here. If he got up on that ridge, he might be able to spot it.
(Guild) [Mormon]: so Cratos, what you up to today?
(Guild) [Cratos]: Oh, I dunno. Probably troll killing in the highlands.
(Guild) [Mormon]: aw, I'd join you, but I'm not on the Western Continent. highland trolls are good money and experience.
(Guild) [Cratos]: Don't worry about it.
Cratos checked his social tab. There were only a few members of his guild online, and Mormon was the only person he really liked, but he was all the way on the Eastern Continent. Looked like Cratos was on his own, as usual. He crested the ridge and saw the vast, majestic highlands stretch out for miles into the distance, fading away into the atmosphere. There, deep in the highlands, he spotted the troll village, and licked his lips in anticipation. He summoned his dark steed and rode forth through the ragged lands.
Upon nearing his destination, he dismounted and drew out his slender crossbow. There, through the bushes and the trees, he saw the trolls milling about, but-
The ring of a doorbell.
but if he faced them all at once, he would surely perish. So he raised his crossbow, took aim, and-
The doorbell rang once again.
he fired at one of the stragglers. The troll grew enraged and, bringing a friend along with him, charged. Cratos stood in wait, blades drawn, the blood coursing through his veins, his Dark Elven skin barely visible under his sleek, sinister armor. And just when the trolls came in sight
A cascade of violent rings, somebody pressing the doorbell over and over again in frantic, amphetamine induced spasms. With a caveman groan, Joseph ran downstairs to open the door. And there, in the bitter freezing cold, stood a portly man dressed in a suit.
Good afternoon, the man said.
Joseph furrowed his brow. Hi. Can I help you?
No no no, the man said. The question is, can I help you?
Joseph stared, expecting more. Can you?
Indeed, I can! the man said, smiling broadly. I am calling on you to bring good news!
Oh? Joseph said. He looked around, hoping it was Publisher's Clearing House.
 Indeed! the man said. The world is ending! He smiled broadly.
Joseph frowned, looking upon the man, smugly grinning as if he just said to a five year old boy 'free ice cream!' So you're not Publisher's Clearing House?
No, but I bring good news! the man said. The good news of Jehova god and his kingdom!
Somehow, Joe felt as if instead of ice cream, he had received a titty-twister, yet he couldn't express the pain, or else they'd think he was weak. Oh, well, I'm not-
Indeed! the man said. Do you know that when judgment is laid upon the bordello of sin and hellfire that is the mortal presence on earth, only 144,000 faithful will be allowed to enter heaven?
Really? Well, that's-
And believing in the cross means you're a pagan?
Aha, well, that's-
And that if you do not believe the truths of Jehovah god, then you, like the rest of the world apart from his Witnesses, are under the diabolical sway of Satan and will burn in agony for the rest of eternity?
Joseph winced, knowing that as the man spoke, in an alternate realm, Joe was dying.
And indeed, the first step towards truth is reading this magazine. With a low low subscription price of-
I'm sorry, Joseph said, but the devil knows the Bible like the back of his hand. He closed the door, but the man stuck in his foot, and Joseph had to kick at it before he could seal the gateway shut. Frozen stiff, he rushed back upstairs to see himself dead on the screen. Cursing, he guided his floating spirit all the way from the graveyard to the location of his corpse. Resurrected, he flexed his limbs, ready to murder again.
Cratos made the pull and pounced, unleashing his fury on the creatures that had just taken his life. They pummeled him, but his swords carved into the thick troll flesh with vigor and precision, cutting deep; they stood no chance. Cratos looted their bodies when he was finished.
(Guild) [Mormon]: hey Cratos, actually, I think I'll get a teleport to the highlands and join you. getting bored over here.
(Guild) [Cratos]: Sure. There's a troll village to the northwest. Let me invite you to a group.
Cratos shot some more trolls to get their attention, and proceeded to cut them to bits. He continued his killing spree for about ten minutes, before he could see Mormon moving towards him on his map. Within a few more moments, Mormon appeared over the ridge, a nightmarish undead man riding his skeletal steed. He dismounted, his arcane robes flowing, his unliving eyes set deep within the sockets of his skull.
(Group) [Mormon]: hidy ho, neighborino.
(Group) [Cratos]: Good to see you. With your help, we can mow through these bastards no prob.
Mormon was a priest of the dark arts, and the very smell of the air warped in the presence of his unholy incantations. Cratos felt his strength bolstered, the dark energy flowing through his body and his blades.
(Group) [Mormon]: yeah, undead priest and dark elf swordmaster are good together. let's go kamikaze that troll village.
With a roar, Cratos charged, cutting a swath through the encampment. The trolls beat at him in fury, but to no avail. Cratos's blades glowed violet with power and severed limbs in single swings. The guttural chanting of Mormon haunted the creatures, twisting their minds, turning them mad, and they fell, weakened, their bodies warped and torn. Soon all were dead, and the two looted the village as they saw fit.
(Group) [Mormon]: ooo, potions in this hut. lots. here, I'll share.
They continued this way, raiding the troll villages, looting them, then circling back when the villages repopulated. Their purses soon grew fat with silver, their packs with potions and other goods. It was a nice system, and the revenue stream was steady. But after a while, Mormon the fell priest grew weary.
(Group) [Mormon]: dude, getting sick of trolls. why don't we try the barbarian camp to the north?
(Group) [Cratos]: I dunno, pretty risky business. The barbarians are way tougher.
(Group) [Mormon]: aww come on. you and me, we can't be beat!
After a moment's consideration, Cratos assented, and they traveled on horseback north. Day had turned dim in the highlands, and the onset of night was nigh. The village bound creatures returned to their huts, for strange monsters now began to appear, eager to commence their nocturnal stalkings. Cratos wondered if it would be best to turn back, but Mormon insisted on continuing, for he thirsted for barbarian blood, and would not be sated until he tasted some upon the dead flesh of his wandering tongue.
The forms of twisting trees and shrubs silhouetted themselves against the deep blue of the night sky, the moon rising from behind. Things moved amidst the darkness above and below. And Cratos, steely as his resolve may have been, began to feel unnerved. Out there, in the wilderness, against an entire village of highland barbarians, far from any trace of civilization  this was not a journey for the faint of heart.
Out on the ridge stood a row of posts, shooting into the sky at odd angles. But as they moved closer, they found that upon the spikes rested skulls and half rotten heads. They passed through, and saw the fires burning below. The village was large, and the barbarian watchmen patrolled the perimeter. Getting in would be no easy task. They dismounted and crept amongst the bushes and the trees, trying to remain unseen. How would they get in? They moved in silence, weapons at the ready. Mormon quietly chanted, bolstering their strength and resolve with his magic. And there, next to an outlying hut, stood the towering, bestial barbarians. These were no men of ordinary origin. They were mutants, with savage, bony limbs and twisted, hellborn faces. They ate flesh, and would be eager to make a meal of Cratos, at the least. Cratos looked to his partner, asking if he was ready. The sweat laced itself around Cratos's palms, and his grip felt weak. He took a deep breath and-
A door slammed, and a chill passed through his heart that not even an eight foot man-eating mutant with blades for arms could have been capable of inspiring.
(Group) [Cratos]: Dammit mom's home gotta go.
The world collapsed, and the bard returned. Godammit! He was so startling. Joe tried to calm himself  act natural, act natural.
Joseph.
With a deep breath, Joe turned in his swivel chair. Hello mother.
Don't hello mother me! You were playing that stupid little game of yours again, weren't you?
I, uh-
Weren't you?
Yes, god, yes, fine, I was. Could you please speak in a slightly less terrifying tone? 
Damn it, Joseph! Didn't I tell you to cancel your subscription to that game a month ago? It's such a waste of money! And what's the cat doing on the floor? You know he pees everywhere!
Mom! It's not really that much money.
But you pay monthly, don't you?
Well, yeah
And how many years have you been paying?
Uh, well Damn it, it's still cheaper than heroin!
Don't you curse at me young man!
I'm not cursing at you, mom! I'm just cursing, uh, as a matter of course.
Joseph! The cat! He's peeing on you!
Sure enough, Joseph looked down to find Garfield releasing a shower of gold upon his foot.
Clean that mess up, and come down when you're finished. You're driving me to the grocery store.
Dazed by the stench of cat urine, it took him a while for the significance of the words to set in. But when they did, Joseph felt akin to being notified of his imminent castration, to be delivered within the hour. His reaction could be described as such: DEAR GOD NO. PLEASE, HAVE MERCY.
As he rubbed at the stained carpet with a paper towel and baking soda, he cursed under his breath. He never understood his mother. She must have some voodoo psychic powers, or something. How does she know these things? How can she tell so precisely what he's been doing? But this was the least of his concerns, for his mother had just come home from working overtime on a weekend, and she wanted him to go grocery shopping with her. This was a dark journey, not for the faint of heart, and, quite frankly, Joseph questioned whether he had the courage to survive to see the day's end. Maybe he ought to bring a weapon.
Joe opened the front door and quickly zipped his jacket, the shock of cold cutting into his chest.  He was surprised to see the sun sinking beyond the roofs lining the streets. It seemed as if only a few moments had passed since eating lunch, yet there he stood, watching the day coming to its end. The orange glow lit the piles of snow like fire, but it was momentary, for soon all would be black in the cul-de-sac  as if there was anything worth seeing in any case. God, every time he got into his car, it felt like his next turn at Russian Roulette. One of these days He started the engine And rubbed his hands, letting the car warm up.
Joseph, your car is disgusting, his mother said, sitting next to him. You really need to clean it.
It'll just get dirty again, Joe said. Why fight nature?
Your room is disgusting too. I want you to clean it tonight, after dinner.
Hey! What if I told you I was going to do something with my friends tonight?
Oh please  you don't have any friends. Come on, let's go. I want to be back at a decent hour.
He switched on his lights, backed up out of the driveway, and made his way onto the road. There were piles of snow everywhere, built up along the sides of the streets, wet with gelatinous, muddy waste. He drove through, the houses passing by in a blur, numberless, constant. It amazed him how many people actually lived there, considering that he never seemed to see anyone.
The car moved sluggishly, even though he was going above the speed limit. It was like time warped itself in the wake of his car's passing, turning into an invisible, viscous liquid that dragged his passage to a crawl. He gave it some more gas.
If I may be so bold as to ask, exactly why am I driving you to the grocery store when you have such a nicer, warmer car yourself? Joe said.
Because, his mother said, I just spent ten hours on a Sunday at the firm. I haven't eaten anything since morning, and the next person that aggravates me will die. Needless to say, the last thing I need right now is to be behind the wheel.
Yeesh  forget he asked. Then again, he knew better than to prod the agitated giant; he was only asking to be eaten alive.
He arrived at an intersection, a martial arts gym, a gas station, a Seventh Third bank all around. There were other buildings, but the light turned green, and Joe turned behind the other cars. He pulled up into the lot and saw the big glowing letters, etched into the sky: Gem Foods. Below, blazing white light burst from the large windows, sterile and dry, like a hospital. Joe parked next to a shed, brimming full of hastily discarded shopping carts.
Don't park next to the cart shed, his mother said. Someone might dent your car with a cart.
Have you seen my car? Joe said, turning off the ignition and stepping out into the cold.
Walking with his mother, Joe watched as a woman picked up her screaming child, locking him in a car seat deep within the pit of an SUV. An older woman walked past, large glasses magnifying her eyes, her thin frame trembling from the cold.
Some day that'll be you, Joe said, pointing at the old woman. He winced as the blow fell upon his head. Ouch! I was just joking, god, lighten up.
I am in no mood! Let's just get this over with.
Agreed. As they passed through the entrance, the world lit up in eerie, overblown illumination. The sounds of the cash registers, of garbled announcements, the beeps of rayguns, scanning food items and alcohol, all layered over the mumblings and mutterings of scuffling men and women, crying children, all wanting nothing more than to return to the cold.
Get the cart, his mother said.
Aye, captain, Joe said, but lowered his head upon seeing his mother's scowl. Time to keep quiet.
They made their way through the aisles, banners and signs hanging from the ceiling, guiding their passage. All the ads lining the products and the walls were filled with the images of smiling farmers and smiling farms, smiling cows before the slaughter. But the food didn't come from farms. It came from factories. Joseph shrugged. Whaddaya gonna do? His mother's scowl encouraged him to quicken his pace.
She read targets off the shopping list, and Joe went out in search of them. Sometimes he was met with approval, sometimes disdain, sometimes both  approval of the product, disdain at his return. Joe sometimes wondered if his mother still worried that he might wander off amongst the infinite aisles, brimming full of cheese and cheese-whip, never to return. Perhaps, but now her main concern would be losing her driver.
The grocery store always made him feel uneasy, not simply because of the atmosphere, but because of the people. Everyone there was always so ugly. It was cruel to say, he knew, so he never said it. Perhaps under other conditions, they could be beautiful, but under those glaring lights and those close quarters, every crack and crevice opened up, heightened by cast shadows and diffused, empty light. Skin melted into mead, meat laid bare on ice, cold, dead, waiting to be consumed. The flesh-eaters, they were everywhere, and they paid by the pound. At the bar, at the gym, at the sex shop  there was always only a select group to be seen, but everyone needed groceries, even those that normally lived in shadow. And many of them, Joseph was ashamed to admit, ought to remain there, including himself. He just wished his parents weren't so cheap, so they could use an online grocery service, and thereby avoid the whole ordeal.
He watched as an overflowing puddle of a man sat upon a grocery store scooter, drinking noisily from the straw of an empty drink, flooring it as the motors wailed, chugging ahead at a foot a second. And with an exasperated cry, the motorized scooter died, stopping still. The man slapped at the machine, sending tremors through the jello-fat of his arms. Then, with the groan of a beached whale, he got up, and began walking, at the pace of maybe a half a foot a second. He turned, having forgotten his drink.
The cart clattered along, always wanting to veer left. Why left? Only the shopping gods knew, and they were not telling any time soon. It filled up slowly, steadily, with treasure, transient though it may have been. But Joe stopped in his tracks, the smell of fat and sugar hitting him like a fist of deliciousness. It was the pastry section, and it was his weakness. He looked at the boxes of donuts and delicacies, rich with cream and sweetness. He could almost taste the darkness of the wet, luscious icing parting his lips, caressing his tongue, lighting a fire in his soul. He wanted to tear open the boxes, strip them bare, to plunge himself in, to feast upon the darkness, the ecstasy, the 
Joey, I forgot to pick up some fish. Be right back.
Joseph coughed. Yes, well, anyway, he was quite hungry. He picked up a box of triple-glazed chocolate fried donuts. The texture was glorious, and he wanted to pour the whole box into his mouth, but the printed label caught his attention. Nutrition Facts: serving size  1/3 of a donut, calories  500, total fat  whoa that's a lot. Ingredients: butter, lard, and a whole bunch of other stuff you don't want to know. Stop reading, so you won't feel guilty buying this. What you don't know can't hurt you, right? RIGHT?  He looked over his shoulder  no mother in sight. As inconspicuously as possible, he hid the box under the mounds of other food in the cart. No one would know.
When they finished, Joe moved the cart to the checkout lines. His mother cursed when they arrived. Where did all these people come from? Where did they live? Underground, like ants, appearing only to shop, and then disappear? It didn't matter. Joe's only concern was avoiding his mother's gaze, for he could see, even out of the corner of his eye, her building agitation. A twitch of the lip, a squint of the eye, they were his only signs, but he knew that they belied untold depths of repressed motherly rage. He just prayed they didn't have to do a price check. Dear god, have mercy if they did. The racks all around the registers brimmed laden with full-bodied ladies, their porcelain legs polished to a sheen. With glimmering jewel-stone eyes, the queens of the earth peered out upon the fetid masses. The nubile crested magazines extolling the secrets of weight loss and pleasing your partner rested in the midst of a panoply of others, their covers emblazoned with the sordid affairs of the very same people. And of course on the opposite aisles were walls filled with candy. Shit for the mind, shit for the body  after all, what else was life good for? He leered. God those girls were fine
He looked to the floor. The tiles were stained, vaguely yellow, gleaming with sealant. What kind of life was that  to be a tile layer? Did they get a good pension? When the tile-layers died, did they go to tile-layer heaven? What did they do in tile-layer heaven? Surely not lay tiles? What a shitty heaven that would be. Cause really, you lay tiles for your whole damn life, and then you die, and you go to heaven, and god tells you that for your lifetime of dedication and hard work laying tiles, you get to lay some more damn tiles for the rest of eternity?
He was motionless. He was still. He felt the breath within his body, releasing, retrieving, so ceaseless, so silent amidst the noise. He stepped forward, but the world had long since faded. In the darkness, the light, mingling together, he closed his eyes, and saw the clouds pass by. Men in white overalls and small caps danced around, frolicking, laying tiles of cloud upon the heavens. The gods of tile passed by, praising their work, and all joined in dance, in harmony. The tile-layers joined with the goddesses of earth and sky, and danced to the symphony of the muses, feeling true joy, and peace within their souls.
Next.
Joe laid out the items on the conveyor belt, one after the other. He did so mechanically, not quite aware of anything in particular. Then he was pushing the cart into darkness, the vibrations of old wheels on old pavement rattling his bones. Massage therapy? Psh. Just run a heavy cart through the parking lot. It'll either fix your back problems or give you new ones.
With the car loaded up, he switched on the bright lights, cutting into the night with torrential force, but limited distance. He pulled out of the lot and looked in his rearview mirror, the people with their carts and their cars fading away into nothingness. The red lights of cars lined up in front of him, and he tried to make sense of the road. The large, jagged forms of trees hung over the sky like bodies, ready to fall upon the dimly lit buildings below. The offices, all illuminated with that eerie half-light of night-buildings with the bulbs left partially on, like from a horror film, bloodstains and bodyparts littering the floor. 
Those rows of houses, some lit, some dark, all dark in some respect, seemed to bear down on him, threatening to topple over onto his car, ripping the metal open, crushing him to bloody bits, forcing him to watch his mother die, suffocating over spilled milk. Joseph braked  the car in front of him had stopped suddenly. He really needed to start paying more attention.
As he parked in the driveway, he unloaded the groceries and brought them into the house. His father sat in the love seat in the living room, watching TV in his pink bathrobe.
How's it going, Dad? Joe said, plastic bags swinging from his loaded arms.
Fine, fine. A nice program on sewage treatment plants. You should watch when you're done.
Uh, I think I'll pass, Joe said, putting away the groceries. What's for dinner?
Oh, I wouldn't know. Ask your mother.
Ask me what? his mother said, walking in from the cold.
Dinner, Joe said.
Dinner? his mother said. Philip, didn't you pick up some pizza like we discussed?
Oh, his father said. I, well now-
Philip! How many times do I have to repeat myself? It's one simple little instruction! One simple little bit of work during your day of princely leisure! Pick up pizza!
Now hold on, dear, I don't recall-
You never listen to me! You never listen to anything I ask you to do!  Twenty-eight years, Philip! When are you going to start listening?
I do believe I said-
Don't you talk to me in that tone, Philip! I've spent my whole day at the firm! I haven't eaten anything all day! It's nearly nine o'clock! Do you seriously expect me to cook something at this hour?
Now, dear, please, I was just saying-
I don't care. I'm tired, cranky, and-
Hey! Joe said. There's a frozen pizza in the fridge. It's big. Should do the job. He squinted, half expecting a nuclear explosion.
Fine, his mother muttered instead, going upstairs in a huff.
His father coiled his fingers around his faded hair, his frightened expression giving way to exhaustion, like a rabbit dodging death for the tenth time today. He sighed and returned his gaze to the men wading in muck on the television screen. Joseph, you can handle that task, I'm sure.
Yeah, sure  while you handle the television. He looked at the back of the box for the instructions. Preheat oven? God, that takes forever, and he was hungry now. He set the oven to preheat, tore open the cardboard shell of the container, and readied it for the oven. As he waited, he stepped back into the living room, watching the men trudge about in human waste. After he had his fill of sewage, he went back to the kitchen and stuck the pizza in the oven, and proceeded to stare at his foot. His foot was very strange. He hadn't really thought about it, but human feet were awfully bizarre. They were big, flat, and smelly. And what about toes? Toes were even weirder. What purpose did they serve? He wished he had opposable toes, so he could pick things up with his feet. Wouldn't that be interesting? He looked through the blackish window of the oven at the pizza, the cheese still unmelted, then returned his gaze to his foot. But really, the most bizarre part of this equation were socks. Because really, who the hell invented socks, and how? He looked to the pizza, and he scrambled to shut off the oven. He fumbled with a mitt and pulled the pizza out; it was a sickening, darkish color, and it smelt of burnt dairy. Placing it on the counter, he felt his stomach turn. This, most certainly, would not end well.
He chewed the charred remains in silence, avoiding eye contact. It tasted a bit like death, but he ate anyway. He could hear the crackling of hardened cheese being crushed by human chompers. He did his best to avoid igniting the tension in the air, but then his father, in between sawing away with his knife and fork like a tribal surgeon performing an amputation, said, Well, this isn't as bad as a I expected. His mother proceeded to spit up a black globule onto her plate and then departed.
It was that sort of night, where Joe stood scrubbing away the remains of another bitter meal, that he felt that weight upon his chest most keenly. He would look through the window while wiping the dishes and see nothing but large lampposts casting their stale midnight light beyond the backyard fence. It seemed as if all the world was dark and gray, an empty painting that evoked dead stillness and remorse with only a passing glance. And at the end of such a night, he would inevitably find himself in front of his computer screen.
He had a couple hours to kill, and a keyboard with which to kill them, but what was he to do? He thought of playing some Shadowcraft or Counter-Striker, but the pit in his stomach dissuaded him. Perhaps waste some time on the internet? Why not? It was better than staring at Shakespeare all night long. But he didn't want to check his email; it was nothing more than an exercise in futility, after all, and all he really wanted to do was keel over into unconsciousness anyway. But he couldn't  he had to do something. But  no, no, definitely not. He was in absolutely no mood to write. He would rather carve letters into his arm with a knife than write any fiction. It was all such a useless effort anyhow, but after spending fifteen minutes staring at his wall, he sighed, cursed, and opened up the word processor. But he couldn't do it alone  that night, he needed some help, and he knew precisely where to get it. So he went back downstairs and returned with a plastic box of obscenely heavy donuts. So after popping the lid open, sinking his teeth into the chocolatey sin, he figured he ought to at least try and atone for his wasted day.

The night was still, but there were shadows moving in the distance, and the firelight of torches streamed down the road in noisy procession. Beyond, there were-

What the hell was he doing? Something in him broke, and he deleted what he had written. The application snapped shut, and he was left staring into the bard's unflinching eyes. God, what the hell was he supposed to do? Joe wanted to smash the screen in with something heavy. He felt like he was slowly suffocating, and had been for as long as he could remember, but when he tried to loosen the noose, it was nothing more than a headsman's guile  his captors just wanted to see him squirm.
He shut off the monitor; he couldn't stand being judged any longer. He didn't want to give up, but when that rage, that fear, that monstrous beast coiled up within his throat, snatching away his breath, bleeding his will dry, there was nothing to do but let it all pass away. There was no hope, not for one so weak, so broken and unworthy as he. 
But what else was he supposed to do? He shoved another donut down his throat, but it tasted like ash delicious ash, but ash nonetheless. It was all so futile, but god damn it, he had to do something! He revived the monitor, bit his fist till it hurt and began typing with the other hand.

The night was still, but there were shadows moving in the distance, and the firelight of torches streamed down the road in noisy procession. Beyond, there were trees, thick masses of branch and bramble, coiling through the dimness of the moonlit sky. Men and women moved along the winding path, garbed in finery not fit for the road. They traveled with veiled guardians leading the way, the glint of steel visible from under their royal cloaks.
The men and women chatted under the pretense of composure, but their laughs were half forced, their smiles almost wan in the dark light, and every now and then they would turn beyond their wall of steel, gazing into the deep orifices of the forest beyond. But then they would laugh again, and return their eyes to their lovers.
Around the turn, and through the veil of trees, there emerged a lighted shower of windows and ornate stonework. The chateau stood upon a hill that overlooked the ravine through which the travelers made their way. Not much could be made out from that distance, but when it appeared, the people would gaze up at it, pointing, smiling, knowing they were saved from the wilderness.
Amidst the travelers, Gideon walked, his head bowed. He had other things on his mind. From his pocket, he produced a folded letter, weathered and yellow. The lettering was elegant, beautiful, alien. When that dark haired man had handed it to him all those months ago, Gideon didn't quite know what to make of it. He had intended to ignore it, but something about it kept gnawing at him, something curious, alluring even. Most of his recent years had been spent toiling away in the pits of the Wake's End ghettos, dealing with rabble, looters, insurgents, and the opportunity to get away from it for even a few nights was not something he found he could resist. A guardsman walked by, his curled mustache and his slick blade catching the light of his torch. Gideon folded the letter and returned it to his cloak.
As he emerged from the forest, he was struck by the estate's full grandeur. The curving ornamentation, the stone facades, the subtle forms of marble statuary, all converged upon the senses inciting awe and overwhelming any sense of reserve. Royal guardsmen stood at attention in the courtyard, and patrols trooped around the perimeter in step. Gideon moved to stand in line behind the other guests, waiting his turn.
The man in front of him muttered absentmindedly to his wife, gesturing with his bejeweled hand. The woman merely nodded and gathered her fur coat closer, pretending to be interested. Behind every rich man is a woman who wants a fur coat, didn't the saying go? Well, Gideon had nothing behind him but his dagger, and it proved far more useful in a sticky situation. He only hoped it wouldn't have to be put to the test when he arrived at the gate.
The guardsmen were checking papers, identification, and rather scrupulously it seemed, given how long they were taking with each guest, but it was only to be expected, given the sorts of people out for the governor's head. Even in years past, Gideon remembered how dangerous things had gotten out there, but ever since the invasion, the city-state of Wake's End was nothing more than a concept, pinned in place by knives and long swords.
When Gideon arrived at the gate, the inspector looked him up and down.
And where do you think you're going? the inspector said.
Gideon handed him the folded letter. Upon reading it, the inspector eyed him suspiciously. Pat him down.
The guards moved their hands probingly across his person. When Gideon pulled out his knife, they jumped back, drawing their weapons, but he flipped the knife in his hand and held out the handle to the inspector. Irked, the inspector snatched the blade away. Make any trouble and it's your life, he said, and motioned Gideon through the gate.
Upon walking through the tunnel, he was greeted by stone faced soldiers, standing at attention and equidistance. Gideon tried not to pay them much attention, but their cold, statuesque gazes seemed to cut at him nonetheless as he passed by. When he got to the end, however, he was quickly overwhelmed, for he found himself in a foyer of such golden grandeur that it seemed the entire world had just transformed before his very eyes. The curving staircases led upward to a second and third floor. The walls were radiant with light caught from the burning chandeliers. Paintings adorned the walls, and great stone nudes arched their backs in ecstasy, greeting him to a world of pleasure.
Your coat, my lord? someone said.
Gideon snapped his eyes away and found an impeccably dressed old man bowing before him, his hand outstretched. Oh, uh, yes, Gideon said, handing him his coat.
You may retrieve it from the coat room over to our right, my lord. Have a pleasant evening.
Gideon watched the man take his mangled, stained coat to the coat room, and hang it amidst the rows of finery. At least it would be easy to spot at the end of the night.
He walked through the massive hallways trying not to be blinded by the glory of the chateau and the glittering jewels of the men and women that roamed it, drinking, nibbling, laughing. After the initial shock of opulence began to pass, however, he found himself paying less and less attention to his surroundings. He had business to attend to. And upon attending to it, he would depart. This was no place for men of no character.
Gideon followed the people filing through, and entered into the dance hall. Men in gleaming clothes and women in colorful, flowing gowns danced in harmony to the music, orchestrated by a conductor in the back of the large hall. Gideon stood, transfixed by the spellbinding beauty of the dance, of the music, of the architecture containing it all in a world more fabulous than he could have imagined. It made him ill. It made him wish he still had his knife.
Waiters moved, eager to please, offering treats on silver platters to mouths eager to feed. The violins vibrated with tranquil grace, a hypnotic delight to the senses, a divine concerto for those blessed with divine favor. He felt the chill begin at the base of his spine, the drunken faces, smiling with rolls of fat under their chins, their mouths contorted in idle chatter. The feeling coursed like a wave through the muscles of his back, crawling up his spine and igniting his mind with a consuming fire. The light passed away into something dim and irresolute. Slowly, the faces melted into bone, and he began to see beyond the blinding radiance into something shrill and snakelike in nature.
The governor will see you now.
Gideon looked to the merciless man by his side.
Follow me, the man said, and Gideon did as he was asked.
They passed through hallways and corridors. The farther they went, the sparser the people grew. The walls slowly dimmed into shadow, and the passageways took on a frosty atmosphere not noticeable before. The man opened a cellar doorway and grabbed a torch, leading him through a darkened tunnel. Where were they? Gideon didn't know, and the damp stench left him uneasy, looking at the bare stonework of the tunnel walls closing in around him. But then the man opened a door and nodded. Gideon stepped in, and heard the door close behind.
The chamber was small, but cozy, and richly furnished. There was a fireplace crackling in the corner, and Gideon moved towards it, warming his hands. No one had seen the governor before  well, if anyone had, nobody was stupid enough to talk about it, at least. It didn't matter, he was just a man, after all. If he had business with Gideon, that's all that mattered.
Mr. Greythorne.
Gideon shot around, instinctively reaching for his absent weapon. A man sat in a chair behind a desk in the corner, the firelight playing tricks on the flesh of his skull. Gideon hadn't even noticed he was there. Yes, Gideon said, his throat constricting, unable to think of anything else.
Yes indeed, the man said, a vague grin pulling at the corners of his mouth.
And that would make you the governor, I presume? Gideon said.
Yes, quite. Please, take a seat. We've things to discuss.
Gideon complied, feeling the chill return.
The governor plucked a crystal bottle from his desk, and poured two glasses half full of quiet brilliance. Finest brandy this side of the continent, the governor said, his voice smooth and gravelly all at once. Gideon picked up his tumbler and held it up, peering into the rippling light. He sipped gingerly, but as the taste struck his tongue, his eyes perked up, and the governor smiled. Well, now if this meeting goes poorly, at least you can rest easy knowing that you did not travel all this way in vain.
Gideon tried to make out the governor's face, but the firelight was so dim, he could make out little other than the curvature of his eye sockets, his black eyes catching the slimmest of reflections, like some sort of ancient predator, well aware of the best places to feed. So Mr. Greythorne, the governor said. Why are you here?
Gideon sipped, contemplating. You summoned me.
Oh, come, Mr. Greythorne  I am not a savage. An invitation, is what our society calls it.
Perhaps, Gideon said, running his finger along the glass, but only a fool would decline an invitation by your eminence.
The governor laughed dryly. Then there are more fools than you might have imagined. How are you enjoying the Governor's Ball?
Much more now that I'm beneath it. This is an annual event?
Yes, well We must keep the locals pleased. We are invaders, you know. People don't appreciate it when you take over their lands. The least we can do is provide entertainment.
Gideon swirled the fiery sweet liquid in his tumbler, the light bending and warping through the crystal. It was a far cry from his usual alley-piss ale. He looked around, and saw shelves filled with leather bound books, gleaming dully in the firelight. Small paintings hung on the wall, but it was too dim to make out the subject matter.
You seem ill at ease, Mr. Greythorne, the governor said. What is it that troubles you?
Gideon looked to the wall behind the governor, and saw a large map of the region, painstakingly researched and drawn. It was a strange thing, seeing the whole world stretched out onto canvas, laid bare. It made it all seem so small. Forgive me if I may be blunt, sir, Gideon said, returning his attention to the governor, but exactly why has your eminence taken such personal interest in a common thug such as myself?
The governor turned towards the flames, sitting back as if in reverie. Shadows cut forms into his features, revealing skin more ragged than expected. Mr. Greythorne, I am well aware of your lineage.
Oh? Gideon said. And exactly what is your eminence aware of, in that regard?
House Greythorne, the governor said, as if uttering something sacred. A proud line. Wake's End owes a great debt to your family, he said, motioning with his glass. A pity that none live to honor it. He emptied his glass. Mr. Greythorne, The Highmark owes a debt to you, personally.
I'm afraid I'm unaware of what your eminence is referring to.
I am referring to the siege on Wake's End, two years ago. The one in which you fought under the mercenary companies of the Highmark. The one in which you single-handedly disabled the Rosarian siege engines before they could lay waste to our walls. Does that refresh your memory?
Gideon put down his glass and folded his hands, staring quietly. Well, it seems nothing escapes the hawk eyes of your eminence.
Oh, not quite nothing, the Governor said, refilling both glasses with the decanter. Would that it were so. Would save me quite a bit of trouble, I can assure you. No, the truth of the matter is, if the walls hadn't held that night, Wake's End would be under Rosarian rule as we speak. The Highmark does not easily forget treachery, but nor does it overlook benefaction.
I assure you, your eminence, the brandy is reward enough, Gideon said.
Perhaps, but I have something a bit different in mind. You see, I have a problem. You are aware of the iron shortage, I presume?
Yes, Gideon said. Everyone was aware of it. Even the dogs licking the city streets were aware of it. What of it?
The problem is a bit deeper than just that. Now, I am telling you this in confidence. I expect you will keep this to yourself.
Of course, Gideon said.
Of course, the governor echoed. You see, it's not that the mines have not been producing. It's what they're producing that's the problem. See for yourself. The governor retrieved a small form and held it out in his hand. This is a bit of iron ore from Morhaven. He applied pressure, and it crumbled within his hand. You can see why that would be a problem.
Gideon blinked, trying to digest what he had just witnessed. It's all like that?
Yes, quite, the governor said. Now all sorts of vagabonds and bandits roam the countryside, seeking not gold, but weapons, tools, utensils. And what with the rekindling insurgency, Wake's End is becoming quite a flashpoint for the Highmark's northern campaign.
And exactly what does your eminence want me to do about it? Gideon said.
The governor leaned forward on his desk. I want you to travel to Morhaven as my agent. Investigate the mines. The authorities there are not wholly to be trusted. We are blind out there  we need information. And the services of an independent party are called for.
Morhaven? Gideon said. With all due respect, your eminence, I've spent my whole life in Wake's End. It's my home, and I'd rather do my part here to keep the peace.
Trust me, Mr. Greythorne, you'd be doing far more for your beloved city by taking on this task.
Gideon swirled the brandy about, trying to make out his own reflection. I appreciate the gesture, your eminence, but shouldn't you entrust this task to someone more qualified?
My dear boy. There is no one more qualified than you, I'm sure. Do this for me, and I promise you land and enough coin to live on for the rest of your days. And besides  it'll give you an excuse to get out, see the world, all that. Isn't that what young people want? He pulled back, looking to the fire.  Isn't that what anyone wants 
Gideon sighed. He didn't want to do it. He would much rather have stayed where he was. He may not have seen much of the world, but he had still seen enough to know just what a nasty rotten place it really was. But then again, it's not as if Wake's End could be called paradise either  well, not anymore. But the governor paid well, everyone knew this, and even a small sum from him would be enough for Gideon to put aside his blade for good. He knew he would regret it, but, Fine, your eminence. I accept.
Excellent. You will be provided appropriate funds, of course. Feel free to use them as you see fit. If you feel the need to enlist anyone else, make sure they can be trusted not to speak on the matter of the mission, ever. In addition, an agent of mine will meet you along the way. We will be in contact, I'm sure. Now come, drink with me, the governor said, refilling the glasses once more. What shall we drink to? the governor asked, raising his glass.
Gideon paused. What was worth drinking to? To a better world.
The governor nodded. To a better world. They clinked crystal and downed their glasses. 

The shiny plastic box lay open, smeared with chocolate , covered in crumbly remains. Joseph just stared at it in mute shock. It's gone? ALL of it? He looked to his stomach  it gurgled remorsefully in response. God, he was such a fat whore.
He saved his file and closed the word processor. Then, instinctively, he opened his browser. The Gogle! homepage stretched across his screen, filled with sections for subjects he had no interest in. He logged in and moved across the screen to access his email. When he arrived at the email section, however, he was greeted by a popup.
Today, Gogle! Networks unveils its new spam-blocking technology, SPAMSWAT! SPAMSWAT! intelligently parses through incoming emails and has a 99.9% accuracy rating! It tracks the IP addresses of the sender and adds it to a global blacklist, making for a better, less invasive, less wasteful email experience! At Gogle! Networks, we make it our priority to provide the best possible service to our users, to listen, to learn, and to continually improve the user experience! We thank you for your loyalty, and hope that SPAMSWAT! is just one step towards a better world!
Joe clicked OK, but when his inbox loaded up, he was surprised to find it filled to the brim. He scrolled through:
Elnora Neely  You would never have to travel north if you had a bigger shaft.  You are ashamed to take shower in public pools and gyms because of your tiny pecker? Now you can leave all your inhibitions behind
youonlinepharmacygood   Do you want to be healed of all illnesses?  shocking offer
Romeo Marino  Nominate for the degree you want  GET YOUR DIPLOMA TODAY!Live the life you deserve
Joe stared into the white void of his monitor, filled from top to bottom with filth. He couldn't remember the last time he had seen so much garbage in his life. He just closed his eyes and laid his head upon his hands. And what was he supposed to do now? His mind drifted, but settled upon what he was trying to get away from, what he had just written. Where had it all come from? Certainly, bits and pieces had been brewing in his mind for years, but he had never imagined it to take the form that it had. 
But really, where were the words born? Who was the governor? And the governor's ball? Dammit, he had no idea what he was doing. What business did he have writing anything? His style was so dry and coarse, and Gideon was such a flimsy character  why did he keep writing about him? Probably because he had nothing better to write about. Damn it to hell. And Greythorne, seriously? He only picked the name because it sounded cool.
He shut down the computer and went to brush his teeth. As he stared at himself in the mirror, his mouth rabid with toothpaste, he spat into the sink. He just wanted to smash his face in. As Joe opened his closet, he searched for some clothes to sleep in. God, was it time to do the laundry again? He kept digging through the wasteland, but came upon something large and fluffy underneath the piles. He pulled it out. Mr. Cuddlesworth! That big, fat, fuzzy old bear certainly brought back memories. He looked into his dark, glossy eyes. The closet was no place for Mr. Cuddlesworth. Joe placed him next to his bed. After he finished changing, he shut off the lights and crawled under his sheets. It was only a few moments of racing thoughts before he felt his stomach begin to revolt. At first, it was only a dull gurgling sensation, but gradually the abdominal clenches grew violent, and he gritted his teeth from the pain. He stumbled up in agony, and searched his bathroom for some antacid. He found some, but it was expired. He nearly keeled over from a convulsion of the vicious indigestion, and scrambled to open the child-proof bottle, struggling like a grenade victim on the battlefield to open a shot of morphine. He chugged the magnesium and aluminum hydroxides before toppling back into bed. He writhed in pain and stared at the ceiling for two hours before falling asleep.



Chapter 3



The moments bleeding away another day

He looked at his watch and croaked, dropping his pen in stupor.

The hours burning up, fuel for the fire

He grabbed the pen, toying with it, spinning it around his fingers, dropping it, picking it up once again.

Locked and trapped in the land of your birth

He stood the pen on end, attempting to balance it, watching it fall.

Waiting for an act of god to alleviate the burden of your will

Finally, the pen stood up, and he sat back. Now what?

Tired of a life of plenty
Bereft of nourishment in the cold

One Conan the Barbarian action figure, check.

In youth, nothing but life
To bring death against the useless hours

One Grand Mansion half scale dollhouse, check.

And then the years die, one by one
Leaving nothing in their place

One Taj Mahal jigsaw puzzle, check.

No one told you how much was at stake
That this was the only chance you had

The remnant clatter and thunder of clocks echoed in his mind, casting their reverberating spells upon his state of awareness. It was all slipping away, like sand upon glass, pouring into a chemical beaker, dissolving away into liquid nothing.

The days growing shorter, spent in toil
The precious hours eaten in expense

He flipped through his notebook, worn, torn, filled with notes and concepts.

The plans of mice and men,
Nothing more than scribbled lines

He put his notebook away. He wasn't on break. If the manager caught him wasting time, he'd be in trouble.

Holding on in quiet desperation

It's not just the English way, is it? It's the civilized way. Only savages have fun. The rich simply masquerade.
This is like my favorite Pink Floyd song, Chris said.
Sure it's not Comfortably Numb? Joe replied under his breath. He packed the items in their separate boxes, forcing the cardboard flaps down. He rolled his tape over them, sealing the chambers shut, slapped on the happy hobby elf labels and placed them on the cart. Another day at the 'hobby hellhole.' His mother's words were always so encouraging.
A bellowing screech filled the room, piercing the flesh of his eardrums like an operatic scalpel. Dear god, turn that shit off, will you? Joe said.
It's Great Gig in the Sky, man! The power of the human voice! Chris said.
It's insane, and it hurts my ears. Joe hit the stop button on the CD player.
Oh, come on! Chris said. It's Dark Side of the Moon, man! It's like the best album ever!
Joe chewed on his tongue. Yeah, yeah, it's good, but I've only listened to it about a thousand times.
It was revolutionary, groundbreaking, astonishing! Chris said.
 Yes it was revolutionary, yes it was groundbreaking, yes it was astonishing, at the time. But you can't just live your life entrenched in the glories of the past. I mean, for god's sake, isn't it time for something new?
Man, Joe, Chris said. You're such a buzzkill. At least you gotta like the Wall.
If you don't eat yer meat, you can't have any pudding! Joe said, scribbling on an order form at his desk.
You are so deprived, Chris said.
HOW CAN YOU HAVE ANY PUDDING IF YOU DON'T EAT YER MEAT?!
Joe returned to his work, trying to focus, but the words and letters on the forms drifted about his vision like flies, too slow to blur, too quick to swat. He rubbed his eyes. That damned song  to think, it was actually Chris's favorite. How can you like a song that cuts so deep? Then again, some psychologists said that music served no purpose  that it was just aural candy, so what did it matter anyway? It didn't. He had work to do.
As he looked up from his order form, however, he was startled by a large, squat man standing over him.
Anderson, the manager said.
Joseph looked up at him, waiting. The manager just stared, apparently trying to get something out of his teeth. Yes? Joe said, eventually.
Your turn to man the registers. Think Matt is having too much fun out there. He turned to leave, his bald head giving way to a ponytail. It was disgusting. Bald people shouldn't be allowed to wear ponytails.
With a grunt, Joe made his way out of the storeroom, into the store proper. As he passed through the door, he covered his eyes, blinded by the sharp white lights. He ambled through the aisles, grumbling to himself. He hated working the register. During the holidays, it was a riot. After the holidays, it was empty, and he would just stand there, waiting for something to happen, waiting for someone who would never come. And that damned manager, always making reassignments. What did he even do all day, other than picking his teeth and screwing things over for others?
As Joe appeared in front of the registers, he saw Matt standing there, staring at a wall, unblinking, a creepy, dazed smile plastered across his face, a tight pink skirt wrapped around his waist. Joseph stopped, closed his eyes and opened them after a long moment. Matt was still there. So was his smile. So was the skirt.
Uh Matt, how's it goin' buddy? Joe said.
Hi there, Joe! Matt said, squeaking, still staring at the wall.
Warily, Joe moved towards Matt and stood beside him. He focused his eyes on the wall as well. What are we looking at? Joe said.
Wall.
Joe sighed. And exactly why do you have a skirt on?
Who knows? Matt said.
Joe looked to the register, and found an opened plastic bag on the counter. It was a ballerina costume. Matt, this is for girls age six to nine. How the hell did you manage to fit?
Who knows?, Matt said.
All right, whatever. You can go back to the storeroom and fill orders. I'll handle the register.
Kay, Matt said, doing an about face and marching off, raising his knees unnecessarily high with each step.
And take off that skirt, will you? Joe said.
What skirt? Matt replied, disappearing down the aisles.
Joe sat on the stool behind the red counter and exhaled, his breath adding to the stale atmosphere of the store. He must have made for a rather solitary figure, hunched over, the sole survivor amidst the rows and rows, the aisles and aisles, filled with plastic flowers, plastic weapons, plastic bits and pieces whose esoteric purposes could only be divined by those with clinically too much time on their hands. And god knows what else  probably a plastic Jesus in there somewhere. It was like being stuck in Santa Claus's trove of reject toys fine for cartoons but too lame to actually interest anyone real. Contrary to what one might think, this was not a place for kids; it was a place for people who used to be kids, once upon a time.
He stared out at the floor. The tiles were square, white, yellowing with age, and lightly patterned in one direction, alternating. How long ago had they been laid, he wondered? The store was fairly old, he knew, but he never bothered to do any real research. God, he had only been sitting there ten minutes, and already his back was hurting. Backless stools What cruel bastard was responsible for that brilliant artifact of ergonomic ingenuity? Was it really that difficult to get a chair out there? He gave up the battle and slumped over onto the counter, laying his head upon his arms. He looked out the window, into the darkening parking lot. The gravel of the lot was so worn and faded, as if a million cars had driven a million miles in circles for no other reason than to express their eternal, erosive indifference. The fine network of dark crack sealant seemed to be the only thing holding the chunks of pavement together, like glaciers adjoined with scotch tape.
There were other stores in the shopping strip. There was a manicure shop, next to a nailpolish shop, next to a beauty salon, next to a baby clothes store, next to a toystore, next to a used video game store, next to a lacrosse store, next to a pet groomer, next to a ski store, next to a golf club store,  next to a bagel shop, next to a mortuary. Then there was Oakwood Hobbies and Toys. Where this mythic land known as 'Oakwood' was,  Joe had no idea, as it was not the name of any town nearby. 
Joseph groaned. These days at the hobby store were the worst. It was like being sentenced to segregation in a prison run by well-meaning but misguided grannies; instead of the decency of austere isolation, he was surrounded by overpriced knick-knacks, some of them with eyes that stared out at him like banshees, their grotesque smiles stretching out inhumanly like nightmare clowns from a bad horror film. The blazing lights, the jingling holiday music, the reindeer, the trains bleeding oil and styrofoam pancakes. After spending so many years on and off working there, he wondered how much longer it would be until he started eating brains.
Excuse me, young man.
Joe looked up to see an old woman with a sagging face and a purple knit sweater. In her hands was a small poodle, studying him with the eyes of the devil. Yes? Joe said, getting up.
The old woman narrowed her eyes and peered at him with milky vision. Do you have any tea sets, young man?
The woman's face was malformed, like a gargoyle's. It was lined and ravaged like the surface of the moon. Uh, yeah, I think, Joe said, trying not to stare.
You think, do you? Care to show me?
Good god, her skin was so sickly pale and rough, like aged sandpaper dipped in kerosene and burnt. Well, it'll be down aisle eight, with ceramics, Joe said. Right over there.
The woman looked indignant. See here, young man, I have scoured every inch of this aisle eight you speak of, and I have yet to find a tea set to my satisfaction. The dog barked, concurring.
Miss, you do realize pets aren't allowed in the store?
I'll have you know Mr. Waffles is a true gentleman! Unlike some spoiled young boys I've encountered today.
Excuse me?
You heard me! the woman said, wagging her finger. In my day, young men lived to provide service to those in need! They said their pleases and their thank yous, their yes sirs and their no ma'ams. They cleaned up their floors with a mop and a smile, and judging by the state of your floor, there are a mite more than a few smiles been missing here for quite some time!
Joe stood, frowning. Miss, the tea sets should be over there. I'll show you.
Oh no, young man! It's too late now! Your boorish behavior just cost you a customer! The next time someone approaches you looking for help, I hope you'll remember your smile and your manners, lest you lose your business for good! Come, Mr. Waffles. We can find a tea set some place more welcoming, not to mention more sanitary! The old lady hobbled away with Mr. Waffles in one hand, and a cane in the other. The poodle looked back over her shoulder, plotting vengeance.
After a moment, Joe sat back on his stool, folding his hands. Then he got back up and made his way down to aisle eight. There was an entire row of shelves filled with tea sets. He wanted to be pissed, but he knew she would probably be dead in a few years anyway, so what was the point? 
He whiled away the rest of the day in silence. The jingling of Christmas bells on the radio, the voice of Frank Sinatra and Bing Crosby singing about a Coca-Cola concocted fat bastard of a childhood fantasy driving themselves like an industrial nail gun into his skull, shattering bone until there was nothing left but a bloody pulp of holiday red and bits of brain oozing over his eyeballs. But after a time, the silence did indeed come, the silence of transience, the quiet of non-existence. To fade out into nothing, to become no one, a dispossessed spirit without a soul. To watch everything pass by and give in to the temporal sweep of god's fell blade. It was not paradise, but it was a way to pass the time.
Hey, Joe, Dan said. I always think of that Jimi Hendrix song whenever I say that.
Yeah, everyone does. Joe said, raising his head from his elbows. And every time I hear the words, I feel compelled to go out and buy a gun to shoot my wife, just to appease the vomit strewn spirit of Hendrix.
Yeah, well, one day you'll actually have a wife, Dan said. That's when the problems start, right? Anyway, wanna go see the new Y-Men movie?
There's another one? God, how many of them are they going to make?
Well, so long as people keep going to see them, I guess. I was going to go with Jane, just wondering if you wanted to come with.
Oh, I don't want to cramp your style or anything, Joe said.
It's no big deal, Dan said. If you want to. You don't have to.
No, I'll go, Joe said. I can meet you at the theater after work.
It is after work, Dan said.
Joe looked at his watch. Well look at that.
He was glad to get out into the dark and the cold. At least it was better than being warm and half insane inside. Then again, he'd probably change his mind in a few minutes, when the freezing chill of the wintry midwest burrowed itself into his skin and his bones, tapping marrow. He approached his wreck of a car with trepidation, hoping every time he stuck in his key that the thing would start. When it started groaning with life, he pulled out of the lot, letting the machine take him to his destination. The heater was cranking full force, but he could still see his breath on the air before him.
As he pulled into the theater parking lot, he cursed. It was totally packed. Then again, though, it was always packed. He circled around to find a spot in the back, then trudged his way through the wet, snow drenched pavement. The theater stood tall and oblong, stretching itself over the entirety of the lot. It probably had twenty something stadium screens, and the reels were always rolling. It was certainly one of the largest buildings for miles, bigger even than the churches. Joe stood in line behind the ticket booth, and paid for his ticket when it was his turn. He saw Dan waiting for him inside, a bag of popcorn in his hand.
Hey, Dan said.
Hey, Joe said.
Ready? Dan said.
Yeah, Joe said. What about Jane?
She'll meet us inside.
They found a seat in the back, high up next to the projection booth. Joe plopped himself down and stared at the glowing screen in front of him, bringing him messages of cinema trivia, television and local restaurants. God, he couldn't believe he was actually watching another Y-Men movie. He'd seen the past four and the fifth one didn't exactly seem promising. But at least it was something to do, he guessed. It was better than driving home and typing at his computer like an idiot.
The room darkened, and the theater became a void, a single stream of illumination lighting up the world in imagery. The camera panned upward, revealing rows of graves innumerable, culminating in a dreary Gothic cathedral in the midnight mists.
In the ancient world, a pact was formed.
The camera flew across the graves, the cathedral doors bursting open, rows of candles blazing light upon the twisting architecture.
In order to protect the world from devastation, the old orders vowed never to let their powers consume one another.
Figures hooded and robed stood around the brimming fires, chanting, the music drawing to a crescendo.
Six centuries later, that pact has been broken.
There was a flurry of gunfire, of pale faced beauties firing pistols in leather suits, their open mouths revealing fangs.
The vampires.
Large, furious creatures leaped upwards, bounding from wall to wall, their gaping mouths revealing bestial teeth coated with blood.
The lycan.
From the ground erupted sinuous, bony hands, pulling themselves out of the dirt. Their eye sockets were empty, their flesh rotten, but their senses keen, and their swords shiny sharp.
The zombies.
Riding horses and spouting bad one-liners, the white, sandy-faced men charged firing six-shooters through the night.
The cowboys.
And up above, eerie glowing lights traced the darkness. Ferocious, fiery blue energies struck the earth, beaming down slimy-slick six foot monstrosities, shooting lasers.
The aliens.
The music built up and the battle grew frantic.
Delta Pictures presents
There was a slew of imagery, of gunfire, of bleeding werewolves being scorched by the beams of aliens, of zombies feasting on the brains of cowboys, and of hot, nasty vampire sex. Then, after a minute, the words appeared amidst the quieting choir:
Zombies vs. Werewolves vs. Vampires vs. Cowboys vs. Aliens. Coming this summer.
Joseph stuffed his fist in his mouth, trying not to laugh. Good god man. Is this for real?
I know, right? Dan said. Jane'll probably make me go, though. She has a thing for vampires.
The screen darkened, but lit up again.
Dude, this is a lot of weed, man!
Yeah, man, that's a lot of weed!
What you gonna do with it?
Smoke it, yo! Smoke it till I drop!
Raucous laughter.
From the guys that brought you Smoke Till You Die.
The young men on screen stood loading up their truck with vast quantities of herb as the police sirens screamed in the distance.
And Smoke Till You Die 2: Back From the Dead To Smoke Till You Die Again, comes
The young men screamed, being fired upon as they drove their car over the cliff only to be picked up by a helicopter midflight and dumped onto a pirate ship headed for Antarctica.
Weed Ranchers
The pirate stood, peg legged, saying, Arr! That's a lotta weed, mateys!
I know, right?
Yeah!
Coming soon, from Delta Pictures.
Joe looked over to see someone sit next to Dan.
Hi, she said.
Hi, Dan said, leaning over to kiss her. How was the drive?
It was all right, Jane said.
The screen lit up once again.
Limbs flailed and a cascade of moans poured out of the woman's mouth, escalating, increasing in intensity, till there was a wild shriek, and a man pronouncing, Yeah, baby! in return.
Have you ever felt lonely?
Hey, quit hogging the popcorn, Jane said, playfully.
Have you ever felt trapped in a sexless relationship?
What, you want some? Dan said, smiling, moving the popcorn away as Jane reached over 
The character on screen stood up in the restaurant with his date, and roared out loud.
I am a man! And I will conquer you!
The restaurant went quiet. His date looked up, her expression droll.
First conquer the pizza. Baby steps, please.
From the guys that brought you Guilty Pleasures
Come on, I'm hungry, Jane said. I haven't eaten anything since breakfast.
And Carnal Knowledge
Okay, Dan said, but only if you give me something first.
Sex Me Baby, Sex Me All Night Long. An Alpha Pictures production.
Jane kissed Dan and snatched the popcorn out his hand while he was distracted, then proceeded to begin devouring.
Good trade, Dan said. Think I made out well on that one.
The screen went dark and the theater was enveloped in pitch black. The orchestral strings began playing, balefully, as the production company logos faded in and out. The film opened to a rainy city street late at night, abandoned and empty. A figure trod past, his boots splashing in the pools of water. Three young men approached the figure, guns pointed.
Hey man, give me your money! one of the young men said.
Yeah, man, give us your money!
The figure just stood, shrouded in shadow.
What are you, deaf? One of the young men said. Give us the money, or we shoot you, comprende?
The shadowy figure stood silent, but when one of the men drew closer in rage, he shot lasers out of his eyes and fried them all to a crisp.
Joseph took a deep breath and ran his fingers through his hair. The movie played on, the images flashed, the voices kept speaking, but he didn't much feel like making sense of it all. He just sat, seeing the light brighten and dim in front of him, a bunch of photons at different frequencies shot onto a medium, meant to represent something special.
He looked towards Dan, to his right. Jane rested her head on his shoulder, and their skin reciprocated the light of the screen beyond. Jane's eyes glimmered in the dimness, and her airy hair diffused the light like a cloud. She was a very pretty girl. They made a good couple.
Afterward, as the credits rolled, and as everyone got up to leave, the lights bathed the theater, revealing a mess of  popcorn and spilt cola. He said goodbye to Dan as he and Jane left. After a moment more, Joe found himself the only person left in the theater. Nobody ever stayed for the credits. Not that he really wanted to. What was the point? To play such a small part in such a large production, to be rewarded with money, maybe insurance, and one's name on a long scrolling list that no one would ever read. Joe tried reading the names, but they were meaningless to him. After a little while, he got up and left as well, nodding to the young attendants in stained purple shirts, waiting with brooms and dustpans. The credits were still rolling as he exited.
Joe made for his car, but saw Dan and Jane arguing off to the side.
He looked so miserable! I had to ask him, Dan said. I don't think he has any friends
As Joseph sat in his car, he thought about what to do. His stomach was grumbling, so he figured he ought to settle that first. His mom was working late again, and there wouldn't be anything to eat at home, so he pulled out of the lot with a new destination in mind.
It was late, and the street lamps guided him through darkness, white-orange blips that looked ill placed against the arching wires by the side of the road. He followed the car in front, letting it lead him some place safe. Perhaps he could follow the car home  maybe they would let him stay for dinner.
But out of the darkness, he found his beacon of salvation, burning through the night like a brand. The glowing Scottish clown peered out from his perch, smiling with shiny plastic teeth, beckoning Joseph in, welcoming his arrival with stiff but open arms. MacDonald's  where empty people come to eat empty food. Wouldn't make for a very catchy slogan, though. He pulled in and got out.
Upon entering the establishment, he moved to the back of the line. He watched as the employees shuffled back and forth behind the counter amidst steam and smoke as gleaming industrial machines churned away. The employees were all garbed in kilts and tams and wore large, red clown noses. Suddenly the red hobby shop shirt didn't seem so bad after all, even if it had a rather fruity looking elf on it.
Upon stepping up to the counter, the man said, Welcome to MacDonald's, in a Scottish accent. What can I do for ya today, laddie?
Joseph paused. He had never seen a black Scotsman before.
You gonna order or not, laddie? the man said, readjusting his clown nose.
Uh, yes. A number five Angry Scotsman, please.
For here or to go?
For here.
Anything else?
Yeah, a pie.
Number five Angry Scotsman and a pie, the man spoke into the mic, his voice becoming metallic and garbled. LET'S DO IT!
Joseph tried not to stare. So what's with the eyepatch?
Grill accident, the man said. Dangerous times, I tell you. Gettin' so an honest man can't make an honest sandwich for an honest wage without putting himself at risk of being spat fire upon the eyes by the devil's own machinery!
Joseph turned away. There was something unsettling about this black faux-Scottish cyclops, wearing an eye-patch with a smiling clown on it, risking blindness for the sake of his sandwich.
Upon receiving his tray, Joseph sat down at a table. He opened the wrapper and emptied a couple ketchup packets onto it, dipping his fries in and commencing his consumption. The fries were awfully strange; apparently bacteria didn't even touch them, but the grease tasted good upon his tongue, and that's all that mattered. He knew it made him fat, but it was better than starving, surely? He bit into the flesh of the burger, feeling the flat patty crumble upon his teeth. The pale lettuce and the cheese melted away with his saliva, and as he chewed, he felt the whole mess becoming a syrupy thick brew that would fuel him for a moment, at the cost of eroding his esophagus. It would probably burn a hole in his stomach eventually if he kept eating the stuff, but it didn't matter. Maybe he was even counting on it.
He sat licking his fingers on the metal stool bolted to the floor, looking as others did the same. There was a woman at the other table, trying to calm her three children as they roared and squealed, playing with the toys packed with their meals. The woman sat at the table, her hair frayed, feeding her youngest child a ketchup coated fry, telling him to eat up as she made faces at him. The boy got ketchup on his mouth, and the woman smiled wanly as she wiped his mouth with a paper napkin, but then the other children started fighting and her smile morphed into a scream.
As Joseph finished his meal, he felt his mind wander. Not so much about the movie. It had been a waste of time, but he supposed that was the point. What really troubled him was that old woman at the store earlier in the day. It wasn't what she had said that left such an impression on him, but her face. It had been so utterly worn and cracked, the flesh drooping off the bone as if it were liquid. She was the end result, wasn't she? Well, the near end result, in any case. Was that his destiny? To become bitter and alone, lamenting the passing of a golden era that was not at all what it was cracked up to be, but holding onto the illusion for the sake of comfort nevertheless? To have no one left in the world but a poodle named after a product?
Joseph stared at the remains of his meal. The empty wrapping lay crumpled, stained with grease and ketchup. The bin of fries had tipped over and vomited salt all over the tray. He finished his sugar water, crushed the cup and tossed it into the pile, then took the whole mess to the trash can and dumped it in. Where would it all go? Into a big ditch somewhere, to rot over the course of a thousand years. Didn't he feel honorable? Actually, he felt kind of sick. Then again, he always felt sick after eating there. The mild malaise of a misguided meal, nothing to worry about at all. Still, he sat in his car a few minutes to settle the brew down, just in case.
On his way home, he turned on the radio, but couldn't find anything worth listening to, so he shut it off. He didn't know why he even bothered anymore. It was all just new garbage or old garbage, recycled. He thought about going home, and felt that familiar phobia creeping upon him. Perhaps he would be able to make it to his room without alerting his parents. What was his game plan? Well, he could circle the house, check which lights were on in the windows, and try and make out their forms so he could tell which rooms they were in. Then he could decide whether to enter from the front door, the back door, or the garage. He would take off his shoes before opening the door, so he could remain as silent as possible, and then make a stealthy break for his room. With a little bit of luck, he might just be able to pull it off.
As he turned the corner he switched off his headlights, so his parents wouldn't see him from the window. He pulled into the cul-de-sac and into the driveway, took a deep breath, and began executing his plan. The living room light was on, and the TV was flashing, so his father's location was exposed. Concerning his mother, though, he had no idea. He circled the house, but it did him no good. He decided to go in through the back door. As he took off his shoes in the darkness, his feet cried out under the shocking cold. He had to stifle himself, lest he expose his position. He opened the door quietly, and shut it quickly after entering. He looked left, looked right, peering around the corners, and, crouching, made his way up the stairs. He was just in front of his room, almost reaching glorious safety, when the floorboard creaked with his last step.
Joseph? his mother said from the other bedroom. 
Joseph cringed, frozen in place.
Joseph, his mother said, meeting him in the hallway. I just saw your room. It's a mess. You really need to clean it, starting tonight, mister! Work on it a little bit every day, and eventually you'll finish. God, look at your dresser, she said, peering into his room. It's like a hurricane swept through your room ten years ago, and nobody ever bothered to clean anything up ever since. Oh, and you need to clean Garfield's litter box. Oh, and  why are you holding your shoes in your hands? They go on your feet, or did nobody tell you? Anyway, what did you have for dinner? It doesn't matter. We're eating dinner together tomorrow night, so don't go out to eat. Anyway, you have work to do, so I'll leave you to it. And you better get to it, you hear me Joseph? No more games. His mother disappeared.
Joseph stepped into his room and closed the door, dropping his shoes to the floor, amidst the rest of the clutter and the madness. He took off his jacket and looked to his dresser. It was piled full of books and all manner of things that had accumulated over the course of years. He didn't even know where to begin. He never understood the concept of cleaning, in any case. It was nothing less than a futile human attempt to defy inevitable and always victorious chaos. So why bother? But when the higher powers made their decrees, a petty mortal like Joseph could do nothing more than obey.
There was a large stack of notebooks, some of them new, many quite old. He flipped through some of the pages. He had written so much before, it was alarming. And so poorly. Good god, that handwriting, that spelling. How could he ever have been so young and so stupid? It made him feel so old, as if his whole life had passed him by, and it was only now that he was becoming aware of what had really happened. He opened up his cabinet, found a spot on the floor, and began piling up the notebooks. It was merely displacement of mess, sure, but at least his dresser would look clean.
At the bottom of the pile, he was startled to find his high school yearbook. Now there was a road better left untraveled But he picked it up anyway, and began flipping through the pages. It was all such a fairytale. He saw a photo of his chemistry teacher with some students all wearing goggles and mixing substances exuberantly. Joseph had had the hardest time with chemistry, all those calculations, all those precise measurements, all those late nights trying to get the right answers. Nobody ever told him that maybe he was asking the wrong questions. All he really remembered from those years was doing homework and playing videogames. He flipped through the photos. So many smiling, young faces. So many people that he could have known, but didn't.
He found that photo of himself amidst the countless others. God, what a smiling, gawky, fat, buffoon. Why had no one slain that mangy mutt, put it to sleep and put an end to its misery? He looked to the back of the book, with all those scribbles, in different colors, inks, and lettering styles:
Good luck!
See you 'round!
Keep drawing!
He slammed the book shut and tossed it into the growing pile in his closet. There were pencils, pens, empty pads of paper all littered across the dresser, and he threw them all into a black garbage bag. He found a candy bar, who knew how many years old. When he opened it, he found the chocolate had turned a stale whitish color. He cringed, but, on second thought, took a bite anyway. Eh, it wasn't too bad. He finished it and threw away the wrapper.
Just as he managed to clear out most of the dresser, however, he found himself looking into a coarsely illustrated cover of greenery and township, of women conversing across the side of a fence, a bright little girl staring out to meet his gaze. 'Madame Bovary,' by the eminent Monsieur Flaubert. He flipped through the thin pages, all marked with familiarly decrepit handwriting. The ink stains had aged already, and seemed to have begun the process of diffusing into the paper. It had certainly been memorable, studying with Ms. Wolf his last year of high school. Everybody in class had thought it to be the most boring book ever at the time, but at least now Joe had some vague idea of why it was so good. Le mot juste  the right word, unadorned. Gotta give the guy props for that, not to mention having to stand trial for a novel. He stared at the cheap three dollar Dover book. Perhaps the most perfect novel ever written. Still boring as hell, though. He tossed it into the garbage.
Then there were the manuscripts. He picked up the piles of printed paper, all scrawled over, and flipped through them. All the notes, all the time spent between classes, editing them, trying to make them better, trying to give the world all that he had. He took the papers and dumped them all over the floor. He wanted to burn them, all of them. He wanted to see every last page, every last word disappear in flame. It was all so worthless. To spend an entire life studying, trying to become intelligent, trying to do intelligent work, and for what? To die in misery trying to do something of value, while packing boxes? He had dreamt of being a published novelist by now. He was going to be a wunderkind, a prodigy, a literary boy genius, and then all his problems would go away. Three failed manuscripts later Oh, they were finished all right. He wasn't just some random loser  who dreamt big and quit after ten sentences. They were finished novels. They were just terrible. Bad enough for him to be sentenced to commit seppuku by the literary gods themselves. Just stab, slice and plop, out come the organs in a heap. How was he supposed to have the strength to continue? To fail yet again? To have his hopes and dreams and everything he wanted in life shoved down his throat like a greasy number five? Speaking of which, a number five and a five year old chocolate bar apparently didn't get along so well with the stomach juices. 
He sat in his chair and started his computer. It's what he always did when he was at a loss. And then BAM, there was Shakespeare, staring him in the face, calling him a little cunt. Joseph was shocked. He never thought ol' Bill could have been so vulgar. Joseph stared into the monitor, looking at the array of icons dispersed across his desktop. Which one should he click? He knew which ones he wanted to click, but then he knew which one he ought to click as well.
And there it was, that beautiful, miserable blank white screen. Again. And what was he supposed to do now?
 
On elf day, there was an elf. He was gay. He liked to lick popsicles all day long. But then he got a tummy ache, and puked out all his popsicles, except they were all liquidy and mixed with elf stomach juices. The elf got sad, and instead decided to go for a sled ride. Except then he fell off and split his elfy little head open on a rock, and all his elfy little brain matter came leaking onto the snow and 

Whoa. That got morbid fast. He highlighted the text and expunged it from existence. He groaned and found himself looking upon the mess of paper all over the floor. Then he looked to his flash drive, picking up the small device. To think, he held three novels in between his fingertips, all nothing more than a few KB  could've even fit on a floppy. So what was the point of paper? 
He was procrastinating, though he took issue with the word. One procrastinated from mopping the floor. Putting off seppuku? You called that something else. With a sigh, he turned his eyes back to the monitor, and confronted his doom.

Gideon stepped through the gate and craned his neck to see the tips of the towers, twisting upwards into the clouds. He passed through the courtyard, tall stone giants standing guard, robed in marble, their beards frozen in fury, their eyes looking down upon him, watching his every move.
Students and apprentices, acolytes of the ancient arts, all walked about the stone pathways, some stopping to enjoy the gardens, some scurrying past, scrolls locked in their hands. Gideon, in his tunic and slacks felt out of place amidst the robed denizens of the academy. He walked past the enchanting trees, the exotic flowers, the fountains, all brimming with water and life. He saw in the fields, a couple sitting under a tree, flirting. When was the last time he had seen such a thing? For the past years, it had been nothing but fires in the night and fighting in the streets. To think, such a fortress, such a sanctuary could exist, peaceful and undisturbed amidst the madness. But Gideon knew better. All sorts of chaos beyond the normal man's imagination brewed behind its walls, beneath its floors, where there were no witnesses.
He entered the main building and was confronted by a host of guards, all wearing the fine armor of the academy, gleaming, polished, not having seen any action in years. They peered at him warily, just waiting for him to try something stupid. Gideon nodded at one of them, but received nothing but an empty gaze in return. The foyer was a massive affair, streaming with golden lights of unknown origin. What kind of wealth supported the construction of something so magnificent? He shuddered to think.
She had told him to meet her in the northern library  as if he remembered where the northern library was. Probably north. He would have asked someone for directions, but everyone was so entranced by their own thoughts, he may as well have been a walking ghost. Instead, he just wandered about the dark, glossy hallways, peering at the ominous paintings hanging from the walls, peeking into classrooms through open doors. There were many classes ongoing, in fact. The instructors would be doing anything from pouring beakers of smoking liquids to mutating cows to conjuring all manner of myriad madness. It seemed like an interesting enough place to spend one's days. Better than out on the streets, that was for sure. At least in there, one didn't have to carry a blade.
The thing that struck him most was the fact that everyone he saw seemed so young. They were bright eyed and wondrous beings, wandering to and from classrooms, gossiping to one another, smiling, laughing, always laughing. Gideon probably wasn't so much older than them, was he? Yet, while these exuberant individuals spent their years studying and growing, he had spent them covered in soot and sweat, sleeping in the day, patrolling the streets at night, all for the sake of order and coin. And what did it amount to? Surely these beautiful creatures would live long, prosperous, peaceful lives, but what about him? The streets had left him old beyond his years. Wake's End at night was a labyrinth of shadowy pathways and tunnels. Every night, it was a question whether he would ever see the day again. One stupid mistake, one moment of inattention, and the next heartbeat a blade could be protruding from his back. These privileged individuals didn't understand that kind of constant, grinding terror, did they? And so what did they really understand at all? The students walked past him, and Gideon bumped their shoulders. They looked at him oddly, momentarily, before returning to their conversations. 
He found the library at the end of the corridor. As he passed through the arched doorways, he found himself in a hallway of sorts, gilded with polished wood, stacks of scrolls and books everywhere, on the desks, on the endless rows of shelves, but none on the floor. Light poured from the large windows, and small, mysterious lamps provided illumination in the darker corners. There were only a handful of people loitering about, an old man in the corner, tracing the cryptic characters on a scroll with his finger, muttering to himself in some language of his own making. A few students here and there. Otherwise all was quiet  and no sign of her.
Perhaps he was in the wrong library? The academy had several. Gideon paced the aisles slowly, biding his time. So much to read, so little time. Even if one were to live forever, one would have a hard time getting through the entirety of the academy's offerings. He picked up a book, dusting off the leather bound cover. It was a book on alchemy, specifically using animal secretions for potion mixing. Sounded delicious. He put it away, letting his eyes wander.
Well, what are you waiting for? someone said to the side.
Gideon turned to see a young woman staring at him with piercing eyes from behind one of the desks. He squinted, puzzled, as she looked at him inquiringly. Was it her? Was it really her? It had been so long, he didn't even recognize her. She looked so much more refined.
Gwendolyn? he said.
She rolled her eyes in that haughty, vexed manner of hers. Gideon, will you stop acting like such a buffoon? What do you want? She glared at him with those intense crystal eyes, like a sage mythic falcon, deep in the woods. He always seemed to lose his nerve under her gaze, and it would seem the years hadn't made him any more confident.
I, uh Hi, Gideon said.
Sit down, be out with it already, Gwendolyn said. I'm teaching a class in an hour.
You're teaching now? Gideon said, grabbing a chair. I thought you were still a student.
I am. It's just an introductory course for the initiates. Technically I've met all my graduation requirements, but I've a fellowship with a few of the masters, and seeing as outside these walls, there's nothing but fire and brimstone, I figured I may as well remain within for as long as possible, now what do you want? I don't have all day.
Well, uh Gideon searched for words. You're looking beautiful as ever. I like what you've done with your hair.
She scowled. You're a nasty little brother, you know that? Gwendolyn said, grabbing her things. Next time you want to see me, don't bother.
Hey, hold on! Gideon said, scrambling out of his seat. I was serious! Wait! He chased after her, following her through the hallway.
Gwendolyn stopped and turned suddenly, and Gideon nearly collided with her. I'll have you know, Mr. Greythorne, that you happen to look like a ruddy faced coal miner! She turned again and sped through the halls, weaving her way through the crowds.
Gideon cursed, losing her amidst the throngs. He supposed classes had just let out. Damn it. Why did it always have to be this way? He paced around as the students flowed around him en masse. It took him several moments to find an empty corridor. He sat down, and watched the world of the academy pass him by.
Well, what was he supposed to do now? Normally he would pull out his knife and his whetstone, and begin sharpening as mechanically as he could, but they took his knife at the front gate. Nobody ever let him keep his knife. So instead he just sat and watched, the light from the grand window flickering as the students passed in front of it. He caught glimpses of the world outside, the crisp blue sky, the warm, glorious sun, casting its light upon the trees, the plains, the gardens, the buildings. How could a place such as this even exist? And why couldn't he call it home?
And another thing! Gwendolyn said, suddenly beside him. You've never aspired to anything beyond bread! You never think things through, get wrapped up in schemes that you call dreams but are nothing more than ways to pretend you actually have worth, and then when your delusions inevitably fall apart, you expect me to come save you!
Gideon scurried about the floor, getting up as she closed in on him, pushing him to the wall.
You're just a weak little boy pretending to be a bully with a sword, she said, snarling. Well, if you think you can get me to do you any more favors, or get you out of any more trouble, or loan you any more money, or-
Dammit Gwen! Gideon said. Will you calm down, for god's sake? I'm not here for any of that!
Gwendolyn frowned, composing herself. Well, then, what do you want?
Gideon breathed deeply. How come you always think I want something?
Because you always do.
Well, maybe I just came to visit my big sister.
No you didn't, what do you want?
Gideon looked into her incredulous eyes, and finally rested the back of his head against the wall in exasperation. Money, and something to do, but not from you, so don't worry.
And tell me why I should keep listening? she said.
The students were thinning out. Class must have been starting soon. So what do you teach them? Gideon said.
Gwendolyn sighed, the flash fire settling to a smolder. Parlor tricks, mostly. Nothing of importance. Just getting them used to working hard, persisting through failure, acclimating them to the environment of the academy. Gwendolyn said.
Sounds like fun, Gideon said. You know what I do?
Gwendolyn's face softened. No, and I don't want to.
I wander the streets of a war-torn city at night, waiting to be stabbed, for money.
How quaint, she said.
Moronic is the word I'd use, Gideon said.
Desperate is the one I would.
Gideon smirked. Well then, seems you haven't changed a bit after all.
And neither have you, you boorish, crass little warrior boy. I have class soon. What do you want?
Gideon slumped to the floor, and held his knees in his arms. Gwendolyn sat in front of him, her legs crossed. The hallways were silent and empty.
A few weeks ago, I went to the governor's ball at his chateau in the woods.
You what? Gideon, you know what sort of trouble you could get into sneaking-
I was invited, Gideon said.
She looked at him, perplexed. Why in god's name would he invite you of all people? Why not the pig farmer next door? Or the pig, for that matter?
Please, you flatter me. I'll have you know that I had a personal meeting with the governor himself. He wants me to go on assignment for him.
This is about the siege, isn't it? Gwendolyn said. He thinks you're a little hero, doesn't he? Well, what do you want from me?
I want you to come with me, Gideon said.
Absolutely not. No way, not in a million years, no, she shot up, and left once more.
You haven't even let me explain! Gideon said, scrambling after.
I don't need any explanations.
Gwendolyn, he'll pay enough that we'll never have to worry about money or survival ever again!
I don't care. I don't want any filthy Highmark money. Take your schemes and go away. Goodbye.
Gideon spent much of the rest of the day wandering around, taking in the beauty of the academy. Some eight generations of the Greythorne family had studied there. Gideon had been the first to flunk out.

Joseph saved and shut the word processor, then opened up his internet browser. He logged in to his homepage, and received a popup window upon pressing enter. Here at Gogle! Networks, we make it our daily goal to do whatever we can to improve the user experience! Even if it is only by a little bit, we feel that through these small improvements, we can do our part and have a genuine effect on people's lives! You have been selected for the beta program of a new web app in development at Gogle! Networks! Should you choose to participate in the evaluation program, it will appear along with the other sections of your personal homepage! Thank you, and we hope you accept!
He thought about it. What was the worst it could be? Penis of the week? He clicked okay and went about his business. On his homepage, he saw the usual weather, the news, a preview of his email, which was coincidentally brimming full of penis, some stock quotes that he never read, some other garbage, and then it hit him. Extravagantly Successful Young Person of the Day. MOTHERFUCKER. No. NO. He pressed the delete icon frantically on the corner of the window. The app has been removed. Please relogin to update. He logged out, logged back in, and there he was, Daniel Radcliffe, grinning at him like a rich bastard. 
Daniel Jacob Radcliff, best known for playing the role of Harry Potter in the associated films, expressed an interest to act from the tender age of five. He made his acting debut at the precocious age of ten, in a televised adaptation of David Copperfield by Charles Dickens. Then he played the title role of Harry Potter in all of the Harry Potter films, and made a shit ton of money. By age twenty, he was one of the richest young people in the United Kingdom. Not for saving lives, or providing critical and valuable services to humanity, but for portraying a fictional character! How 'bout that?
Joseph sat in his squeaky swivel chair and stared. He never believed much in fate, but if fate did exist, then it was cold, and it was cruel. He logged out and shut his computer down. He brushed his teeth, changed his clothes, turned off the light, and sat in bed. But as he lied there, he could feel the reverberations of explosions and booming voices coming through the floor from downstairs. His dad, watching TV. Joseph rolled over and pressed the pillow against the side of his head. There was an explosion. Mr. Cuddlesworth tipped over on the floor. Joseph just closed his eyes and tried to lose himself in the void of his eyelids, but he knew the prison bars were still there, and no amount of pretending would ever make them go away.



Chapter 4



Everybody we're back. My first guest tonight is an acclaimed writer. He's the youngest person ever to win the Pulitzer Prize, and his newest novel has been adapted into an Academy award winning film. Please welcome, our good friend, Joseph Anderson!
The trumpets blared out their jazzy tunes and Joe appeared on stage, smiling, to applause. He walked up to the flamboyant red haired figure to shake his hand and took a seat beside the desk. As the applause died down, the red haired man began to speak.
So, Joseph, how's it going? How's life treating you?
Oh, great, Joe said, relaxing, his fiery suit setting the cameras ablaze. Everything's great, Conan.
It seems like it. You know, I have to say, we've had some interesting characters on this show, but you definitely take the cake. So this is huge. You've won the Pulitzer Prize?
Yeah, they announced it last week, Joe said coolly.
And how old are you?
Nineteen, Joe said. The audience gasped.
Nineteen? Conan O'Bryan said. That's insane! You know what I was doing when I was nineteen? Going to Harvard. And we all see how well that turned out. he said, the audience laughing in response. So this novel, I read it, and I've gotta say, I was pretty blown away by it. I mean, it's pretty amazing. I don't think I've ever read anything like it before.
Yeah, Joe said. I was really trying to do something different. I mean, I figure if I'm going to spend all this time writing, when I could be partying or watching TV or whatever, I may as well do something a bit different, something with more of an edge, something that twists your mind and forces you to think in ways you haven't before.
Right, it's pretty amazing, that you could come up with something so sophisticated at such a young age. It's like you just appeared out of nowhere, and now everyone wants a piece of you.
Yeah, Joe said, sipping from his mug. It's been a wild ride, but I'm glad I've finally made something of myself. I mean, when you're a writer and you're a nobody, it's hard to feel like your work even has any value.
Well, when you're a talk show host, you know immediately whether your work has any value or not, usually by the dead silence after your failed jokes, Conan said, laughing. But anyway, every day I do a line.
Joseph frowned, waiting for him to continue. What was that? he said, putting down his mug.
Every day, Conan said, I I do a line. To get on the bus that makes me feel fine.
Too much, magic bus, the drummer said, tapping his high hat.
Joe looked around, taken aback. What was going on?
I'm so stoned, I dont know how to write, Conan said, getting up on his desk and proceeding to disrobe.
Too much, magic bus! the audience started chanting.
But I dont care as long as the pussys tight, Conan said, thrusting at the air with his pelvis.
Magic Bus. MAGIC BUS.
The cityscape in the background tore itself to shreds.
Magic Bus. MAGIC BUS.
The stage set collapsed, the lights falling in a shower of sparks. The band kept playing as Conan and the audience kept singing through the flames.
Magic Bus. MAGIC BUS.
The chanting continued, their voices cackling as their bodies were consumed by the sparkling fires, a bus flying through the air as it delivered their souls.
Magic Bus. MAGIC BUS. Magic Bus. MAGIC BUS. MAGIC BUS. MAGIC BUS. MAGIC-
Will you turn that shit off? For god's sake man! Joe said.
What, you don't like Magic Bus? Chris said. Don't tell me you don't like the Who? Everybody likes the Who.
No, I don't like the Who, Joe said, gritting his teeth as he etched savagely into the order form with his pen. And I especially don't like Magic Bus.
How can you not like Magic Bus?
It's one of the most inane, idiotic, vaguely drug referential songs I've ever heard! Joe said. I mean, what the hell is a magic bus?
It's a great song, meant to be listened to, not analyzed, professor, Chris said, taking inventory.
How come the bus is magic? Matt said.
Cause of weed, Joe said.
Can I ride on the magic bus? Matt asked.
I think there's a guy at the toy store who sells tickets, if you know what I mean, Dan said. Not that I would know
 Joe, you really need to quit being so anal, Chris said. The Who were one of the most influential bands in music.
Yeah? Well, their whole platform was based on their image as youthful rebels, Joe said. But guess what? They got OLD. Their music is not the music of rebellion. It's the music of people who used to pretend to be rebels. You wanna know real rebellion? Real rebellion is a bunch of people deciding they don't like the government and vowing to fight them off with forks. It's digging into the trenches and flinging fire at police buildings, at the risk of being shot or tried for treason, then drawn and quartered. Real rebels don't have groupies.
What does that have to do with the Who? Chris said. Listen, like it or not, they revolutionized rock music as we know it. If you wanna be ungrateful for their contribution to culture, that's your own problem.
Oh please, Joe said, taping up a box for shipment. If you want to give someone credit for rock and roll, give it to black people, like Chuck Berry or Little Richard, or Elvis.
Elvis? Dan said, laughing.
Well, see, back in the fifties, racism was okay, Joe said. So there was white people music, and black people music. And the black people music, was, well, better. And all the white kids would want to listen to black people music. But to their parents, the fact that all black people were lewd, lascivious, sexual libertines was common knowledge, so they didn't want their pure little angelic white children to be corrupted by the filthy black people music. So actually, they had good wholesome white people, like Pat Boone, record white versions of black songs. But the thing is, white people are lame, I should know.
Hey, I'm not lame, I don't know about you, Chris said.
Yeah, well, you ever heard of a thing called disco? It was dumb stupid dance for dumb stupid white people who were too lame to dance like black people, Joe said. In any case, along comes Elvis, a white man who sounds like and dances like a black man. Black enough to be controversial and cool, but white enough to still be acceptable. PRAISE JESUS! We have a winner!
Dan laughed. Oh man, Little Richard. I just know that one song, Tutti Frutti, or whatever. Tutti frutti, all rooty. I don't even know what all rooty means.
Joe slapped the stickers onto the boxes and loaded them up onto the cart for Dan to apply postage. You know, it was originally tutti frutti, good booty.
Really? Dan said. That's kind of creepy.
Tutti frutti, good booty, Joe sang, printing out forms. Tutti frutti, good booty. If it don't fit, don't force it. You can grease it, make it easy.
Everyone groaned, disgusted, amused. No way, Dan said. That's really disturbing.
What does it mean? Matt said. I don't get it. Can someone explain?
God that's gross, Chris said. Little Richard was a little pervert.
Yeah. Also a born again Christian. Joe flipped through the order forms. What did people do with all that junk? Sometimes he wondered why the store hadn't shut down five years ago, yet the orders kept trickling in, demanding model train tracks and dollhouse accessories. Who were these people, spending their hard earned money on such garbage? Then again, he probably didn't want to know.
All right, Dan said, time for some real music.
Joe could hardly wait. He searched out the items on the form, stuffing them into a box with packing peanuts, and cringed as the familiar voices split his mind in two like an arrow hitting its mark by fluke.
The Beatles? Joe said. Seriously?
God Joe, you have no knowledge of anything, do you? How can you not like the Beatles? Chris said.
Joe just rubbed his eyes and let his face fall onto the order form at his desk. He could have argued the point, but his words would be falling upon deaf ears, and he just didn't care anymore. It had been a hard day's night, what the hell does that even mean Chris, did it ever occur to you that you might have a limited taste in music? Joe said.
Yeah, look who's talking, Chris said.
What are your favorite bands or musicians? Joe said, his lips staining the order form as he talked with his face to the table.
Oh, the Who, the Beatles. Beach Boys. Bob Dylan. Bruce Springsteen. Rolling Stones. Led Zeppelin. U2. Coldplay.
Wait, wait, what? Joe said, peeling his lips off the order form. The Beach Boys? Really?
Yeah, man. Beach Boys rock.
Joe glowered, looking at the spit stained order form in front of him. He ought to print out a new one. Eh, it'll dry in a minute.
Well, why don't you bring in an album tomorrow, Joe? Dan said.
Joe lifted the order form, but the wet stain peeled off. Fine, Joe said. What the hell would he bring?
The rest of the day passed in Beatle induced silence. Joseph focused on ticking off the check marks and getting the packages in order, having little patience for the love songs and the drug songs and the submarine songs that whittled away at his sanity. He kept his quiet nonetheless. He knew when he was acting like an ass, and he could only allow himself to continue for so long before feeling, well, like an ass.
The hours dragged on, the boxes grew bloated with esoterica, though they always seemed hungry for postage, and eventually the day mercifully took its own life, but only after struggling in its death throes for nigh unto an hour. When Joe escaped the confines of the store into the cold and bitter night, he felt relief, but only for a moment, for the realization took away any sense of peace he could have hoped for. Dinner with the parents. Eeeeaaaaagh. He wondered if he could sneak in a MacDonald's number three before he got home. But no, it would never work  his mother would smell it on him. But if he changed clothes but no, he didn't have a change of clothes with him. But if he bought an extra pair but no, he had no money. Dammit. Thwarted again!
He drove through the streets, watching the road lit by the headlights as the colors of night washed past his peripheral vision. How many times had he driven this road? Traveled this exact path homeward bound? He turned. Why was he turning? He had no idea. But his hands moved, and so it was. Right, this was the path home. It was, wasn't it? The more he thought about it, the less sure he became. Better not think about it then. Nothing good ever came from thinking. He had thought all his life, and look where it had gotten him. Perhaps he ought to just take a cue from everyone else for once. He was living like a normal person, wasn't he? So why not think like one too, and be done with it? Maybe then he could just get along like everybody else. 
He pulled into the parking lot, and stared into the driveway, the headlights still burning. Stealth was unnecessary, as his fate was already sealed, but as he looked ahead into the abyssal gate that was his garage door, he thought about how many times he had been at that exact place, staring at that exact thing, at that same exact time every day. It was like when someone rewound a movie to replay a favorite scene, over and over again, simply because they loved it so much. Except in this case, that someone was a masochist.
Well, Joseph felt like something of a masochist himself, walking into that house, seeing his father coiled up on the couch, enshrouded head to toe in a blanket like a body ready to be tossed in the burners. Joe ought to have run far, far away when he had the chance. Instead, he was taking off his coat and hanging it in the closet. He took off his shoes, and experienced sweet bliss, but then the sensation was gone, and he was back home again. And hungry. And he knew what was coming, too. God help him.
He set the table with dishes and silverware, dimmed the lights, and his mother brought out the food. He sat down at the end of the table, his father to the right, his mother to the left, and the dish was unveiled: meatloaf. Brown and ragged, covered in a glassy, grease mingled sauce, with some unnecessary cilantro sprinkled over. Also, a side of peas, and mashed potatoes. Dig in.
The meal commenced quietly enough. Joe cut off a hunk of meatloaf and leveraged it into his plate, staining it with drips of dirty brown juice. The puddle grew, displacing itself from the meat as if establishing a perimeter in preparation for invasion. Joseph stifled the instinctive grimace as the stench of flesh and oil assaulted his defenseless nostrils. He cut off a piece and bit in, feeling his stomach squirm even before receiving the payload. He had to be quick and stoic, however. Hesitation could cost him his life.
As they settled into the meal, though, the rumblings of thunder touched upon Joseph's ears, and he knew the storm was imminent.
So, Joseph, his mother said. How was your day?
The images of talk shows and burning buses flashed through his mind, but as the color settled, the memory of boxes soon took their place. Oh, fine, Joseph said.
Oh come on, Joey. You must have done something today? his mother said.
Well, Joseph said, I packed boxes. Then I ate a sandwich. Then I packed more boxes. Then I felt free for a moment, but then I remembered I had to come back here. And then I came home. And the truth is, I wish I had some bacteria-repellent fries right now, because one bin of those things is one day less I have to spend packing boxes in this miserable world you people call home.
Oh, that's nice, his mother said, I guess. How about you, Philip? How was your day?
His father was scooping the meatloaf into his mouth as if he were a child soldier. You know how it is at the hospital. Every day, it's madness. I'm telling you, dear, the rate people are getting sick and injured in this country, it's shocking.
Yes, well, accidents happen, germs spread-
Just today, at the emergency room, there was a man who brought in his son, screaming, blood pouring from his leg. Most gruesome.
I'm sure it was quite violent, dear, but-
What really bothered me, though, was when a young boy came into the emergency room, brought in by his mother, a pot stuck on his head. I mean, can you imagine?
Really? That is pretty strange. I-
Anyway, afterward, I went to the department store, as I heard there was quite a sale going on. I found a nice checkered shirt for only five dollars. It was quite a bargain.
Very nice, dear, but-
It took me forty minutes to dig through the pile of clothes on the floor. I had to quarrel with another older gentleman over the shirt, as it was the only one left.
I thought you said there was a pile of clothes?
Yes, but there was only one of those fine checkered five dollar shirts. We got into quite a heated debate over who could claim ownership over it, but I'm sure you'll be proud to hear that I emerged the victor.
Excellent dear, but-
He tried to attack me with his walker, but I still have some Spartan spirit left in my bones yet. Anyway, that was my day.
His mother sat there waiting, a droll, lifeless, brooding expression etched upon the countenance of her brow. His father resumed plowing through his meatloaf. Well? his mother said, finally.
Well what? his father said, a little bit of meaty juice dribbling down the corner of his mouth.
Aren't you going to ask me about my day? his mother said.
His father's head sprang up, wide eyed, like a deer having heard the report of a rifle. Oh, yes, of course dear. How was your day?
His mother glowered, emanating the heat of an iron brand just out of the fire. But then she sighed, and picked at the meatloaf with her fork. Fine, dear. It was fine.
Well, that's good to hear! his father said.
The crackling of the atmosphere seemed to subside into a dull fizzle, and Joseph breathed warily between bites, looking from left to right, waiting for signs of activity with the eyes of a mouse expecting doom. After a time, he lowered his guard, and lowered his eyes, focusing instead on how to distract himself from the taste, but he should have known better.
So Joey, his mother said. Have you thought about applying to any colleges?
Joseph's fork slipped and screeched across the plate, spattering meat grease across his face. He wiped it away slowly with a napkin as he avoided his mother's inquiring eyes and contemplated his next move. Oh, yeah sort of
Sort of? his mother said, the tone taking a distinctly downward turn. I hope you're going to wipe those spots you left on the tablecloth.
Dammit  ugly start. He should have prepared for this. Well, I have been looking at some schools, taking a look at their applications, and all that, he said scrubbing away at the tablecloth with his napkin.
And?
Joseph could feel the sweat beading upon his eye lashes. Was the room getting a bit smaller, or was it just him? Oh, I'm going to go ahead and apply to some schools, just to see if they'll accept me. Some of my credits ought to transfer from Glory Hall. I'd like to go some place where I can start as a sophomore.
Oh, good, good, his mother said. You spent that whole year at Ol' Glory. There's no reason you should let that go to waste. She continued cutting up her flesh, consuming it in dainty little pieces. The goddess of hearth seemed appeased, and Joseph breathed relief. But then, as his mother swallowed another bloody bite, she said, I still don't understand why you decided to leave. It was a perfectly good school, after all.
DANGER, DANGER WILL ROBINSON. Joseph froze. How could he have been so foolish? So naive, so blind? The calm was merely the eye of the storm, and the darkness had only just arrived in disguise. At first, Joseph returned to his chewing, hoping the smell of fried flesh would overcome the stench of electric charge upon the atmosphere, but he knew better. The tempest was nigh. The time for his judgment had come. Well, it was okay, I guess.
You guess? his mother said, stopping her meal, staring at him across the table.
Joseph felt his heart palpate, skipping beats, the breath jumping in his lungs like a grasshopper on crystal meth. Oh, it was a fine school. It just
Just
wasn't for me, that's all.
His mother just stared. Oh, well, that's wonderful then. That's just fine. Well, if that's the case, I'd have to say the experience of watching my youngest child squander his intelligence and talent by refusing to accept responsibility and take his rightful place in society isn't really for me, either.
Joseph sat under her imperious gaze, her heated eyes boring their way through his glasses. And so this was the end. The band in his mind played Taps, and his mental warriors saluted him as he walked the plank. The lightning coursed through the air, searing and setting alight. The bomb in the sky ticked away, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick
It's not such a big deal, Grace, dear, his father said.
Aaaaaaaand boom.
Not a big deal? Not a big deal, Philip? How could you say such a thing? You know how much-
I'm not saying he shouldn't go to school, I'm just saying you could-
-an education matters! There are children in Africa starving and dying of sickness. And you know what they are doing?
-calm down a bit. You don't have to interrogate the boy every time we have dinner, and I'm just saying-
They are providing them with an education! Because that kind of knowledge empowers people! It allows you to grow up and become a respectable, intelligent adult!
-look at Marcus! He dropped out of school, and he's doing fine!
God knows what manner of sin that boy is living in, all the way out in California, doing god knows what kind of work, I don't even know.
At least he has a job, and a place to live.
Or so he says. He could be homeless and out on the streets for all we know, begging for change like a leper.
The quiet after the storm  the kind of quiet that made you feel guilty to be one of those left alive. The dust settled, the clouds lingered, though exhausted and spent, and the dim light of the dining room seemed a harbinger of darkness eternal.
Did you clean out your room?
As Joseph sat in his swivel chair, turning around in circles in his room, he watched as the accumulated clutter surrounding him swirled in a blur. But then the liquefied flesh rotting in his stomach seemed to be swirling as well, and he had to stop, lest he turn himself into a blender with a loose cap and spew the juicy cocktail all across the floor.
He looked to his computer screen and saw that it had booted up, so he opened up his internet browser and thought about what to do next. He looked through his bookmarks, and picked one at random. The site opened up: Sofia Mildew, Literary Agent. Joe was surprised. He hadn't visited Sofia Mildew's blog in ages. He used to read it all the time. He looked through the most recent post.

On Originality in the Literary World

I often receive queries for novels where the author says something like, This has never been done before! This is almost always completely, totally untrue. No matter how original or unique your concept is, it's probably been done before, and probably a lot better. Think about it  how many millions of books have been written over the course of the centuries? What are the chances that your writing is going to be able to stand out amidst that sea of words? Not good.
Most people who write novels and submit their queries for representation to me tend to feel very strongly that what they are doing is completely unique and worthwhile, and they end up extolling the virtues of their own work like Spanish missionaries extolling the word of god. But the truth is, most work is far from unique, far from worthwhile, and these virtues are more often than not imagined. What is good writing? What is originality? Is originality even desirable in this day and age?
Over the course of my years as a literary agent, I have parsed through literally thousands upon thousands of queries, and after you've been presented with such a volume of concepts, certain patterns become evident. People write about what they know, and most people know very little. Writing is a craft that requires years of honing. It requires dedication, passion, and, more than anything else, talent. And the truth of the matter is, most aspiring writers just don't have what it takes. Needless to say, out of the tens of thousands of queries I've received throughout my career, I've only agreed to represent six. But those six are true writers, people whose writing is intelligent, moving, and indeed, original. And whoever you are, reader, you have a higher chance of winning the lottery than becoming number seven.
So before you send me that query with that strikingly original fantasy adventure, consider if what you're doing actually, legitimately has any value. And if it doesn't, the best thing you can do for your health is quit. And if you feel bad about having spent so much of your life writing and working and trying to do something great, only to fail miserably, remember: nobody reads books anyway. Don't feel bad, be happy  buy a lottery ticket instead.

Yeah Sofia Mildew was always a bit of a downer. No wonder he didn't read her blog much anymore.
He shut the browser and sat in his room, trying to figure out what to do with himself as he deformed his face idly with his hands. He wasn't particularly sleepy. He needed some time to digest the meat juices in his stomach. The last thing he wanted to do was clean his room. So what the hell was he supposed to do? What was there to do? Play Shadowcraft? Watch a movie? Read a god damned book? He just sat in his chair, staring into his portal to the universe, seeing nothing but empty, dead space. He felt trapped in a vacuum, and soon his flesh would be stripped and his organs would implode. That would be messy. He wondered if his mother had a detergent powerful enough to purge the inevitable stains.
When in times of hopeless boredom, he would sometimes resort to his secret stash. It was a single folder on his hard drive, but it was a treasure trove filled with all manner of media and material of interest. So more out of impulse than anything, he unlocked the vault and began searching through for a weapon with which to kill the remainder of the night. Whenever he plumbed the vault's depths, he was always surprised at what he found. There were articles, web pages, documents, images, videos, audio files and anything else he had come across worthy of keeping.
He clicked at random bits here and there. An article about a woman who sold her home to pay some South Koreans to clone her dead dog. An image of Ben Franklin in a fur hat. A research paper on the salaries of people working in the adult entertainment industry. An article about a man from New Zealand who was nagged by his wife to buy a sausage, but couldn't afford one, and so ended up buying a lottery ticket instead two minutes before the store closed, and ended up winning, and was grateful because he and his wife were having a hard time feeding their children sausages.
It was a strange experience, journeying through a world of media that he had pieced together one file at a time. But as he waded through, he stumbled upon something he hadn't thought about in years. He clicked the file, opening up the media player, and watched as the black screen faded into dark and washed out noir, the cathedral bells sounding their melancholy calls through the mystic blue rain. The music box played as the suited figure put out his cigarette, striding through the cathedral city with a bouquet of flowers hanging lowered in his hand. A pool on the stone street caught drops of rain as well as his reflection as he passed by, dropping a blackened rose into his rippling image. Piercing light. Razor streaks, inhuman in their manifestation, human in their intent, disrupting the roses with ineffable fury. The vicious light, casting fell forms on the faces of silent monsters. The rose coming to life, bleeding red. It rested upon the pool, sodden, waiting to disappear, as if it had never been. The music box played itself out. 
The blast of horns. Images and words. Color, shadow, light, smoke. Hammer force drums and pounding string bass, ragged, smooth like a stylish beaten spaceship, mid-flight. Guns and machines. Furious, elegant warriors, survivors, living beings. Half breeds and mongrels, more fun than purebloods of any sort. The work which becomes a new genre itself. Cowboy Bebop.
Wow. How many years had it been? It was like rediscovering some lost jewel from the past. He was never much of an anime fan, but Cowboy Bebop was one of those rare gems that destroyed any sense of prejudice with the force of a sledgehammer. A work with so much craft, soul and style, and all packed into twenty two-minute increments. How the hell did those Japanese do it? He remembered watching it on TV as a kid. It was especially violent and only played late at night, and he would often stay up past his bed time to watch it. He got caught a couple times by his mother, but it was always worth it.
As he watched the episode, however, he began to feel a strange sensation in his chest. The episode was beautiful, as they all were, but he didn't really understand what it was that was bothering him. He just watched, and tried to enjoy it as much as he could, but somehow, he couldn't. It was like a void, eating away at him. What the hell? He always enjoyed watching the show as a kid. Then how come he couldn't enjoy it in the same way anymore? Why couldn't he go back, and feel the joy of that other world again? That world had been so special to him, so much a part of his naive, wondrous little life. And what the hell was he now? Some intelligent, educated, aspiring, ambitious, jaded, miserable young adult? And what was his place? To live in some cold world based on profit, convention and repression? If he was forced to live in someone else's world, shouldn't he at least have his pick of which one? He looked out his window, seeing all those gray houses lined up like headstones. He looked to his monitor, and saw color. Suddenly, the world of space cowboys didn't sound so bad. After all, it had a killer soundtrack.
One would have thought touching upon something so beautiful and so lost and forgotten would have left him with at least some meaningful mark, but after the episode ended, he felt only emptiness. It wasn't something instilled in him, only the sudden awareness of something very profoundly absent, something that had been gone for so long a time that the gaping hole it had left behind had been filled with all manner of garbage and fungal growth. He had become numb to it, filled to the brim with falsity and illusion, never realizing how devoid such substance was of nutrition and nectar of worth. 
So where did that leave him? Where did that leave Joseph Anderson? Sitting in his dirty room in the suburban reality, staring at Shakespeare, invisible. Staring away into nothing. Staring at his life as the years went down the drain, filthy with mold and hair that would clog the passage, making the painful parts pass slowly, the joyous ones disappearing as they were culled and replaced by new memories of pain and fear and never being good enough for anyone.
But he still had an energy within him, something clawing away feebly deep in the pits of his body  the need to do something. It was far from an impetus, more like the force of a fearful kitten, pawing around in the darkness for a way out. He thought about Cowboy Bebop. He loved those self-contained episodes. They were short and powerful, yet maintained a strong sense of continuity between episodes as well. Perhaps that's what he ought to do himself? He had been so obsessed with the idea of the novel for so long; perhaps it had been distracting him from what really mattered  the writing, the sentences, the words, the morphemes, the basic units of language and thought. What was missing from his characters? Surely, the essence of a character was more complex and more soulful than he had assumed in the past. He had no idea what he was doing, did he? But it didn't matter. He wanted to do something, to at least try. If he failed, no one would know, right? It wasn't a novel. He wasn't trying to get it published. It could be his failure, and his alone.
Joseph opened up the word processor, but when it loaded up and those white photons from the monitor hit his eyes He shut the program and almost shut off the computer. God, he was such a coward. He opened the program up again and stared into that pristine white canvas, just waiting for him to violate it with poorly chosen words. Inspiration was fine and dandy, but when it came to putting that pen to paper or characters to screen or whatever, the sheer physicality of the act demanded so much more courage than theory could provide. Ah, dammit, whatever. The typing begins now.

Summer was coming to an end. Out there in the northern parts, it always felt like winter, but still, the striking sight of green fields under a warm red-violet sky was a pleasure particular to the season. The tall grasses swayed in the breeze, and the trees rustled here and there under arcane clouds. The mountains faded far into the distance. 
For the past few years, Gideon had been confined to the city. While it had its own wonders, the walls ultimately had more influence, and most of the city's beauty had been ravaged by siege and flame. Being out in the countryside was liberating, a lone wandering road all to himself, embarking on a journey that would lead him some place else. Where it led him, it did not matter so much, only that it would take him far from the torches burning in the middle of the night.
The clip clop of the horse's hooves against the dusty dirt road broke the quiet, but gingerly, with trepidation. Kipper paced forward, demure. He was a brown, haggard looking plow horse that Gideon had bought from a farmer a week ago. He wasn't a formidable beast, but he was solid and agreeable enough for the price. Good horses weren't exactly in surplus, so he would have to make do with what he could find.
The saddlebags were laden, filled with dried meats, grains, hard bread, and the like. He had a blanket, some flint, a few books, and whatever else he remembered to pack. Across his shoulder, he kept a small pack, filled with coin. It would hopefully be enough to last him. 
He wrapped his cloak about his body as the wind grew chill. His black, beaten leather armor had saved him from many cuts and blows, but it did not fare so well against the cold. It was several weeks' journey to Morhaven; he hoped he could be back before the autumn chill.
Gideon ran his fingers through Kipper's coarse mane. The texture of the animal felt wild and warm under his fingertips. There was something profoundly compelling about traveling through the country, alone, on a mission. For the first time in so long, he had a purpose, and the freedom and resources with which to pursue it. He breathed in the crisp evening air, and he could almost taste the setting sun upon his lips.
As intoxicating as it may have been, the deserted countryside surrounding Wake's End was no place to rest at ease. Despite its solitary appearance, there were all sorts of creatures and crafty men wandering, in search of meat, coin and iron. The steel blade hung sheathed at his side, and a knife strapped behind, close within reach. He did not plan to run into any trouble, but trouble had its own plans, so he prepared for the worst as a matter of habit. The iron shortage had been plaguing the region for months now, and arms production had crawled to a halt. It was coming to a point where a well-crafted dagger would be worth more than the life of the person in possession of it.
As much as he enjoyed being out, it was getting late. There was a small town a little to the north, Dunblain, if he remembered correctly. He had passed through many years ago, but there was a wonderful tavern, the Honey Bee Inn, where they served some of the best honey ale in the region. They imported the honey from the south, and the drinks were understandably costly, but when that warm splash of sunshine touched his lips, he knew it was worth the price. 
Old Ben, the proprietor, was a stout man with a large beard, serious looking, but quite jovial at heart. When Gideon was last in, he and some of the patrons had exchanged stories with old Ben around the fire late at night. Ben had spoken of his time fighting for the Wake's End militia in the old wars against the Highmark, but once the Highmark won out and the militia was disbanded under fear of revolt, he opened up the tavern in Dunblain with his wife, Maggie. Oh, and Maggie's pies! Such bliss! And she always delivered them with such a beaming smile, as if she felt genuine joy in seeing the patrons smile as they feasted. He felt glad to be returning some place so pleasant, away from all the fighting and the madness. Gideon hadn't thought about the place in so long. He never realized how much he missed it.
He arrived at the crossroads and read the sign pointing to the road to Dunblain. It was a bit out of the way, but he had time, and money, and he may as well sleep under a roof while he still could. The closer one got to Morhaven, the more deserted the lands became. So he pulled on the reins and guided Kipper onto the other road. The trees reached over on either side, and the passing of the sky's color through the branches spoke of coming night. To be some place warm when the rest of the world was cold  what more could one ask for?
As Kipper trotted on lazily, and as the shadows of trees passed across the horse's gliding muscles, Gideon took comfort in the solitude. It wasn't often that he could feel at ease with himself, but out there in the country roads, with Kipper as his only companion, it didn't seem such a bad way to live. He had thought about hiring some help when Gwendolyn refused, but mercenaries were so unreliable  he should know, seeing as he was one, technically. No, it was better to travel in quiet, to journey light and unencumbered by the moans and the groans of undependable others.
After spending the night in Dunblain, he would resume his path northeast. If the weather withheld its misery for a month more, he could be there and back with little trouble. It was what he was supposed to do when he arrived that worried him. Morhaven was not a place for idle travelers. The Highmark had taken over mining operations there long ago, but ever since the iron shortage, there had been an aura of secrecy surrounding the region. Nobody entering Morhaven ever seemed to leave, and nobody leaving Morhaven ever went back. As long as he had his blades, he could breathe a little easier, but still, this was a delicate matter, and the governor wouldn't be paying him so much if the task was simple.
It certainly was a lot of money, though. When the governor's aide handed over the purse, Gideon nearly collapsed. He had never seen so much coin in his life. And that's when the aide told him it was just the stipend for the mission. When Gideon heard how much money he would receive upon successful completion, Gideon could do nothing but smile the whole way out. Not only was it enough to retire and head south, it was enough that he could restore his family name.
The trees thinned a bit, and he remembered the bend in the road well. Dunblain was just around the corner, and just in time too, for it was beginning to grow quite dim, and being caught on the road at night was an invitation for all sorts of trouble these days. He remembered as a child that it had not always been this way. But no matter; he had business to attend to. He'd be able to pay old Ben well this time. In fact, Gideon still had a bit of a tab left, if he recalled. He would be sure to reimburse him well beyond any expected interest.
But when he turned into town, he pulled back on the reins and stopped the horse. There before him stood buildings, but no town was present. Where he remembered glowing candles on the window sills, he saw boards and scorch marks. Where he remembered the quiet little temple, he saw a ravaged wreck of torn stone and burnt wood. The houses were in varying states of decay, some disheveled and torn, others ripped to shreds outright. It was a ghost town. It was a ruin.
Kipper clopped along, neighing nervously. There was not a soul in sight. Gideon looked about uneasily and dismounted. He tethered the horse and drew his sword, proceeding to move slowly and quietly through the street. It was a very small town, more of a village, really, and it had been a very tight knit community. He passed a small house, and remembered seeing a little girl playing with her mother on the porch when he had passed through last. Now the porch was covered with bits of collapsed roof, the broken posts cutting into the sky like spears.
He gripped the handle of his sword, feeling the hard leather push against his white hot fingers. He needed to get going. There was nothing left for him in that place. There was no way of knowing what had happened, and it would be a waste of time trying to figure it out. It was solid reasoning, but it didn't ease his clenched fist. He returned to Kipper and untethered him. As Gideon sheathed his sword and moved to mount, he felt a dull pain course throughout his head, and night came quickly after that.
Upon opening his eyes, however, no daylight greeted him, only simmering firelight and haunting faces made of stone, grinning, prodding him in the face with something sharp.
Awake then, are we?
The swirling flames lit up their faces from odd angles, the light cutting sharp as darkness prevailed.
A ripe young lad, isn't he? Hello there, laddie! Would you like some cheese? I'm afraid it came out of my arse, but I'm sure it's tastier the second time round! Laughter.
Quiet, ijuts. Go eat summa your own cheese, ya maggots. A bearded man settled down. Now then. Who the hell are you? he said, poking Gideon in the neck with a wicked looking blade.
Gideon coughed and tried to move as he regained awareness, but found himself tied fast. Off to the side, a wild haired man picked at his rotten teeth with a knife, chuckling.
Don't bother, the bearded man said. You ain't goin nowhere. Now then. Who the hell are you?
Gideon focused his eyes, trying not to let the dizziness overwhelm him. I'd ask you the same.
Me? the bearded man said. Oh, I'm Jiminy. I call the shots round here. And these here sods? They take orders from me. So I'd be the one to talk to, see? So, seein' as we got you tied up in nothin' but your breeches, and seein' as we got pointy things to poke you dead with iffen you so much as breathe the wrong way, I'd say you might do right mighty fine tellin' us whatta we wanna hear.
Gideon stared at the man. The deep crevices in his face etched shadows into his flesh. His eyes caught the firelight in such a way as to spark a mad gleam. His teeth glistened savagely, and Gideon, taking note of his own nakedness, felt suddenly very compelled to comply. Gideon, he said.
Gideon? The hell kinda flowery ass name is that? Jiminy said. The men laughed. Shut up! Cancha see we tryin' to talk here? Anyway, Gideon, you some kinda noble or summat?
Oh, no, definitely not, Gideon said, laughing nervously.
Well, iffen that bein' the case, why then you carryin' a small hoard a' dragon's gold in your dainty little pack? Jiminy said, revealing the bounty of coins.
Aha, oh, that, Gideon said. Well, you can have all that, if you let me go.
The men laughed. Really? Jiminy said. You hear that, boys? This fine gentleman is goin' to let me have all this money that I already have in my hands. Isn't he a nice young laddie? Jiminy struck Gideon across the face brutally, and Gideon felt his head go limp. A real wise arse, aren't we? Well, Gideon me boy, best be rethinkin' our priorities. Cause the only thing that's keepin' me from killin' you is the prospect of more money, ya see? Do you have dreams?
The pain radiated out from his cheek bone. It felt like he had just been beaten with a hammer. What?
I said, do you have dreams? What does your heart desire, Gideon? What do you really want?
Gideon paused. I guess I really want to get out of here.
Jiminy smiled. Well, you and me both. I have dreams too ya know. We all do. The men nodded assent. Shut up. Dumb ijut bastards. But anyway, if I want my dreams to come true, I need money, and even more money than you got here, you hear?
Gideon nodded.
I tell ya what. You make my dreams come true, and I'll make yours come true in return. Sound good?
Once again, Gideon nodded.
Jiminy sighed. You know, things weren't always this way. Whole place is goin' to hell, though, not much to do about it. No honest ways to make a livin' means dishonesty's suddenly right popular.
Gideon looked to see the men pouring drinks from bottles at the counter. He frowned. The place became suddenly familiar. This the tavern?
Yep, Jiminy said. We been holed up here for a few months now. Found the place a mess. Buncha other bastards gone and teared the pretty little place down to its knees. Suits us just fine, though.
Do you know what happened here? Gideon asked.
Some sorta pillagers or some such. Buncha nasty folk like us wanderin' round these parts these days. Only these guys were worse.
Gideon paused. What about the proprietors of this place?
Who, the ol' fat bastard?
Gideon brightened. Yeah, him.
He got kilt. Found his body on the floor.
What about Maggie? His wife?
Who, the ol' fat bitch?
Yeah, Gideon said, with a cringe.
She got kilt.
Gideon tried to compose himself. Did you bury them at least?
Oh, no, we et' em.
Gideon didn't understand. Wait, what?
We et' em. Gotta et' sumpin. Ol' rumbly in the tumbly. Anyway, don't seem like you got any coins left in ya, and you don't look like you'd be worth much to anybody anyhow.
Gideon felt someone grab the back of his chair and begin pulling him into darkness.
So seein' as you're not gonna be much use to us alive
Gideon felt fear coursing through his nerves as their naked blades gleamed wicked firelight. He screamed, but a cloth gag cut into his mouth, reducing his cries to stifled moans.
and seein' as there's no harm in killin' you
The men leered at him, their rotten fangs dripping saliva, grinning as their textured tongues touched their teeth in anticipation.
we reckon we may as well kill ya. Still got some meat on your bones.
They sized him up, pinching the bare flesh of his arms.
Well, we ain't so picky these days anyway, he said, chuckling.
The men hefted Gideon up and strapped him to the wall as he screamed silently into oblivion.
And hey, if you feel bad, just remember, Jiminy said, raising his dagger to Gideon's throat, ain't so great bein' live anyway.
 There was a burst of light, a bolt of thunderous blue power that singed the air with electric charge. The ephemeral roar raged explosively, and split his spirit asunder with astral force. The sound dimmed, the light faded, and when Gideon opened his eyes, he found the tavern even more ruined than before. There was no ceiling. The walls were torn to bits. The men lay scattered about, their bodies singed and limp.
Well well well The mighty Mr. Greythorne, on a mission for the governor, tied to a chair in his undies.
Gideon looked up. Gwendolyn!
With a gesture of her hand, she sliced through the rope like butter. Get your things. We've wasted enough time already.
Gideon stood up, searching for his clothes. What are you doing here?
Saving you, what does it look like? She said, surveying the result of her work. We're going to Morhaven, right?
Gideon just nodded, putting on his trousers. He followed her outside into the night to find a beautiful white horse tethered beside Kipper.
Come on! No time to lose! Gwendolyn said, mounting.
As they trotted along through the night, Gideon adjusting his armor, he found the fear had barely even started to fade. He knew consciously he had survived, but his body was still in a state of panic.
Your horse is really meek, Gwendolyn said.
Gideon just focused on not falling over. Those grinning, creviced faces still left an afterimage lingering upon his retinas. What made you change your mind?
Gwendolyn tossed her hair in the dim moonlight. Well, if it's as much money as you say it is, it may well be worth the journey. Besides, it'll give me a chance to put my studies to the test.
The trees had become dark and formless, nothing more than silhouettes against the night sky.
The stars are out, Gwendolyn said, pointing.
Gideon looked up to see the cosmic sparkles greeting him with a mischievous, indifferent glimmer. Fickle little bastards, aren't they?

Joseph stared at the screen of text. Cannibals? Really? Well, cannibals always did spice things up, didn't they? How did the old saying go? When in doubt, use cannibals. God damn it. Maybe Sofia Mildew was right. Maybe he ought to just buy a lottery ticket after all.
He shut the word processor and opened up his web browser. What should he do? Check his bank account. Why not? He hadn't done so in quite a while. Maybe he'd be pleasantly surprised. He went to his bank website and logged in. Upon seeing his balance, he squinted, then cleaned his glasses. Surely that wasn't right. But no, there it was. He looked at the interest earned from his savings account.
This month, you've earned $0.43 in interest!
Wonderful. Maybe after a year he could buy a sandwich.
He flipped to his email and logged in. Gah! Damn it!
Extravagantly Successful Young Person of the Day: Andy Murray
A young, fiery haired youth, blazing like a demigod with rippling muscle, swinging at a tennis ball with the force of a titan, virile sweat flying from his slick, bare-chested body.
Andrew 'Andy' Murray, at age twenty-two, is one of the highest ranked tennis players in the world. At age fifteen, he gave up academics to train in Barcelona, describing it as a 'big sacrifice.' His career prize money totals to over $8.5 million. For playing tennis! How 'bout that?
He didn't want to read it, yet he could not turn his eyes away. He clicked his email, and the mammoth list of penile spam unraveled itself across his screen. 
Allison Skinner  All The Wet Butts You Can Handle!just  Well! While most of the party went home and got some sleep, Brandy wanted nothing more than to
Never hear her complaints again   Unlease your wrath on unsuspecting girls once you've started on this formula. http://www
Dear god. Unleash his wrath? On unsuspecting girls? Isnt that like, you know, RAPE? At the top, an email caught his eye. Glory Hall University   Where Dreams Come True! Apply Today! Why did they keep sending him emails? He quickly deleted it without reading it. There was nothing else but spam, so he logged out and shut his browser.
As he stared into Shakespeare's dreary, morose eyes, Joe felt that blackish weighty feeling working its way through his chest. Glory Hall University The students used to call it Glory Hole. Regularly. Joseph felt his face morph unconsciously into a scowl. Old Glory A year of his life he would never get back.
Joseph wrung his hands, but the feeling wouldn't go away. What was happening inside him that made him feel like this? That profound emptiness, the worthlessness of his own matter. His flesh, meaningless carbon of value only as carrion. He used to read National Geographic when he was younger, and it was so wonderful. He remembered reading about vultures, and how intelligent they really were. But no one likes them because they eat carrion. Those magazines were so great, and they always reminded him how brimming with life the world really was. But if that was the case, then how come the world felt so empty?
He needed something. He needed to feel something. He needed something that would help him feel. But barring that, he would settle for something that could help him pretend. He knew what was coming. He didn't want to. He really didn't want to. It was so shameful, but there was nothing else he had. There really was no one. There was only him, and his computer, and there was nothing else he could do but give in.
With a heavy heart, he once again opened the browser. Even as he typed in the name of the site, he felt his sticky fingers dripping with remorse. But it didn't matter. It was just another way of living, of existing. It was okay. No, it wasn't okay, but what did it matter? No one would know, and no one would care even if they did.
The site loaded up, with its big black legal disclaimer, and he clicked past. The images flashed in rapid succession, little emblems of pink and supple flesh, a preview of better things to come. He clicked one of the most appealing, and watched as it began, the slow escalation, the buildup, the soft moans, the glistening bodies, the howls, the growls, the purring anticipation, the agony of satiation. Locked arms, deep passions, gripped throats, glistening teeth, hungry for more. Faces frozen in gleaming expressions of mute ecstasy and horror. Leather clad goddesses and mortals alike. Cries and distance, hopes and dreams, spent life, spilt upon the face.



Chapter 5



Joseph raked the leaves in the yard, as per his mother's instructions, stuck in a town where he couldnt smell a thing.

He breathed in the crisp autumn air as he gathered the leaves up in piles, staring off wistfully at cracks in the pavement.

He imagined what the aliens would think of him, were they to be watching him make neat little piles of organic matter from their distant bastions. What strange folk, locking themselves in the tombs of their bodies.

His teeth chattered. He looked to the neighboring houses. The others had finished piling their leaves already. He was behind. Upon finishing his raking of the lawn, he got into his car to go pick up the groceries, hoping the messengers of god would swoop down and take him away.

Through the darkness of the dimly lit road, he saw the bright lights in the sky, and he was gone.

They greeted him, shook his hand and smiled, slimy though they were. Whod have thought? The aliens were friendly

He looked out the window of their ship and saw the beauty of his world for the first time.

Radiohead? So youre one of those people?
God, I can't stand Thom Yorke. His vocals are so whiny.
Didn't you say you liked Coldplay?
Yeah, but they're at least good.
Joseph slapped on the fruity elf logo and put the box in the pile. Why were people still buying things? Didn't they have enough garbage in their garages already? How many jigsaw puzzles did a person really need to get by in this world?
Well, this is the last time you bring something in, Chris said, taking inventory.
It's OK Computer! Joe said. How can you not like OK Computer? And how many times do you need to take inventory? I mean really.
Chris scoffed. You ever listen to Karma Police? Those lyrics are completely insane!
You listen to the Who and you are complaining about lyrics?
Buzzes like a fridge? Hitler hairdo?
IT'S A MASTERPIECE.
I like the album, Dan said. It's pretty good.
Pretty good No, it's not pretty good. It's heart wrenching, terrifying and gloriously sublime. But pretty good was the best that he could get.
You know who's a good singer? Chris said.
Who? Dan said.
Billy Joel.
Joseph felt himself choke, the bile traveling up his esophagus. Billy Joel? Joe said, slamming down his roll of tape. Billy Joel? We didn't start the fire on my ass, cause my cheeks are burning up. And no, it wasn't the tacos I had for lunch!
Joseph went to the computer, but as he moved the mouse, he found that the screen was frozen. After slapping the metal encased brain a few times, he restarted it. When it booted up again, he went to print out some more order forms and picked up the first one when the printer spat it out.
One 1-inch scale dollhouse miniature black metal futon sofa  check. One mini-hydraulic excavator 1/32 scale die cast  check. One Thomas Kinkade paint by numbers kit  check. One-
Joseph cursed. He'd given all he could, but it wasn't enough. It was just never enough to achieve anything other than maintaining his orbit while the distant galaxies glimmered, beautiful, but too distant to ever be touched. In a few years' time, however, he would certainly be sucked into the atmosphere and burn up on his way down. Then at least he could have some peace, agonizing though the descent may be.
Hey! Matt shouted. Everyone stopped and turned to him, afraid of some impending doom. Lord of the Rings was on last night! Did anyone watch? The others frowned wearily and returned to their work.
Joseph fiddled with the roll of tape. The end had disappeared. He hated when that happened. He searched the shiny roll for a place to peel it off, but the surface was completely even. How was that possible? Did the end somehow melt into homogeneity with the roll? If Joe was god, he would do that all day long. Just melt the ends of tape rolls so that people would spin them around in fruitless search for the rest of eternity. Finally he found it, and managed to pry it off with his fingernail when, upon looking up, he jumped and nearly fell off his chair.
Hi there Joe! Matt said in that high pitched way of his, inches from Joseph's face.
As Joe composed himself, he ground his teeth and stared into Matt's crazed eyes. The guy was like a ninja. A crazy, creepy ninja whose weapon of choice was a disregard for social norms. Damn it, Matt, we've been over this! Don't sneak up on me while I'm preoccupied and materialize right in front of my face. It's really unsettling.
Joe! Do you like Lord of the Rings?
Matt, I'm kind of busy. Places to go, people to meet, things to tape.
But Joe! Did you see Lord of the Rings last night?
You already asked, and with my sullen, exasperated silence, I was hoping to communicate a negative to your inquiry.
But Joe! Did you see Lord of the-
No, Matt. No I did not.
It was amazing, wasn't it! So much adventure! They were so brave! I wanna fight orcs like Aragorn when I grow up!
Joseph looked at Matt, worried. Matt, how long has it been since you last shaved? Might want to get on that
I gotta admit, the Lord of the Rings movies were pretty awesome, Dan said from his desk. I'm not much into fantasy and all that, but those elf chicks were pretty hot. Plus Gimli's badass.
Dwarfs, Joe said. In fantasy, they're a race. In real life, they're a condition.
There are real dwarfs? I wanna be a dwarf! Matt said.
Joseph packed another box and laid it to rest on the shipping cart. Yeah, I loved reading those books as a kid, and the Peter Jackson movies were awesome, but
Oh, here it comes, Chris said, scribbling on his clipboard. Mr. Downer with another dose of invert sunshine.
But there's the Terry Pratchett argument: that you could somehow vanquish all evil by destroying an expensive piece of jewelry. I mean, it's kind of silly at the end of the day, isn't it?
It's only entertainment, as anyone could see, Chris said. Maybe if you weren't so critical of everything you could actually enjoy something for once. That's what people do. They watch movies, read books, and enjoy them.
Plus, Joe said, trying to get the ink flowing again in his pen, looking at the books when you're older, the writing's not necessarily so hot as you might remember, whereas some other literature only seems to get better with time, not worse. I mean, you know what I mean?
Oh, I don't read books, Dan said.
Yeah, me neither, Chris said.
What's a book? Matt said.
Joseph balked. Matt, you're the one who brought up Lord of the Rings. You know, the books? By Tolkien?
Matt paused, contemplating deeply. I thought Gandalf wrote Lord of the Rings.
Joseph put down the box of Jewish Christmas lights and stared. Matt, Gandalf's a fictional character.
Matt put his finger to his lips in thought, as if his whole world had just been shattered. What does fictional mean?
On the ride home, Joe listened to OK Computer again in his car. It was an epic concept album, and it was a work of art meant to be listened to in its entirety. There wasn't much that made him feel understood, but that album was certainly something that did. And why was that so important to him? He didn't know. Maybe it was because it made him feel a little less alone, as if somebody out there had achieved something genuinely magnificent, and so proved that it was indeed possible. That what he wanted had been actualized by somebody else, so therefore it could be done. So therefore he wasn't totally mad.
And as he turned into his driveway, he wondered how he had gotten there. It didn't matter. He closed his eyes and finished out the rest of the half hour or so left on the album. He was wasting gas by leaving his car running in the cold for so long, but it was worth it. Then when the words marking the end drifted into his mind, Hey man, slow down, he snapped his eyelids open and stared at the garage door hit by his headlights in silence. Hadn't he done this before? It was like Groundhog's Day, reliving the same damn dream over and over again like Bill Murray. But at least Bill Murray got laid in the end. What the hell was waiting for Joseph Anderson at the end of the journey? Leftover meatloaf? Slow down Hell, if he slowed down anymore, he may as well keel over and roll right into his grave. If every day was exactly the same, than wouldn't living through one such day suffice in lieu of a lifetime?
Joseph, that you?
Yeah dad, it's me, Joe said.
I'm watching a fine program on shoe manufacturing in China. Did you know that those Michael Jordan shoes were selling for a hundred dollars, but it only cost a few dollars to actually manufacture them? And in their advertising, they marketed the shoes to kids in the US who specifically couldn't afford them. Fascinating, his father said, wrapped in his pink bathrobe on the loveseat. There's some leftover meatloaf in the fridge.
Yes, I'm quite aware, Joseph muttered under his breath.
He pulled the tupperware container from the fridge and cracked the lid before sliding it into the microwave. After zapping it, he pulled back the lid and recoiled. Good idea: aging wine. Bad idea: aging dead rotten grease laden flesh for supper. He pinched his nose and swallowed whole. It was liquidy enough not to chew.
When he sunk into his roller chair in his room that night, and when he found himself confronted with his computer monitor yet again, his first impulse was to take the artifact and throw it out the window. He could see the thing tumbling down from such a great height, smashing into the ground, the metal deforming with gravitational force, bits of memory and silicon erupting in a shower of sweet, sweet destruction. But upon moving to pick up the monitor, he abruptly sat down. It was his only monitor. Plus it was heavy.
The cat meowed in dazed stupor from the floor of his room, and Joseph prodded him, trying to shoo him away. But the cat was not nearly conscious enough to budge, and so Joseph, with his foot, rolled him out of the room before shutting the door. He could still hear its muffled meows.
As the computer loaded up, he sat and studied his options in the form of icons on his desktop. What to do? What did he feel like doing? Stabbing himself in the eye. Well, barring that, he supposed he would settle for stabbing some monsters instead.
Welcome to the world of Shadowcraft! Patch 2.3.1 is now live  Race and gender changes are now available, for a low surcharge! Customers with complaints regarding the recent database corruptions and subsequent disappearance of money can contact customer support through the Shadowcraft website. Enjoy your stay!
Joseph saw his character, Cratos, on the screen, standing idly amidst the darkening highlands, in front of the mutant barbarian village, right where he had left off.
(Guild) [Slinky]: So I was like, what assholes, leaving me there for dead.
(Guild) [Fortunato]: Well, at least Mormon was nice enough to come and resurrect you.
(Guild) [Mormon]: CRATOS IN DA HOUSE
(Guild) [Fortunato]: Damn it, Cratos, where are your guild dues? You're like three weeks behind!
(Guild) [Cratos]: I know, I know, I'm sorry. I farmed some gold in the Highlands last time I was on. I'll mail it to you when I'm back in town.
(Guild) [Fortunato]: ok good. Do realize that next month's dues are coming up next week, though.
(Guild) [Cratos]: Dammit Fortunato, you're bleeding me dry  =(
(Guild) [Fortunato]: Maybe you shouldn't gamble so much
Cratos sat impatiently in the thick brush, watching as the mutant blade armed barbarians wandered about, chewing on arms and legs idly as they prepared to pass the night playing games with human bones. Cratos had more pressing matters to attend to, however. He activated his teleportation stone and, after channeling the spell for a time, there was a vivid flash of light, the sound of time and space bending to his will, and upon rematerializing, he found himself amidst all manner of vicious and malicious beings, drinking in the dimly lit, spiderweb strewn tavern meant for the no longer living. 
As he moved through the dark, smoky atmosphere of the tavern and passed through the entrance, his eyes were overwhelmed by the hordes of beings streaming through the arcane streets. The twisting obsidian architecture, glowing with cryptic runes and fell energies, surrounded the individuals as they went about their daily business. There were warped, undead knights, gleaming with hideous armor and vicious weaponry, marauders, hunters, beastmasters, tribal orcs, with their tattoos and their brutal blood soaked axes, goblins, small and unseen, with evil grins and wicked fangs, pale priestesses glowing in unearthly beauty, and sorcerers summoning forth the powers of hell, demonic guardians following their masters. There were beings of poverty, garbed in rags in search of alms and easy money. There were beings chosen by darkness, radiating power from their fiendish weapons, their gleaming armor inspiring awe in the impoverished as they trampled over them with their fire breathing steeds. To look up was to look into a sea of darkness, for this was Shadowguard, capital city of the lands of Malgard, home of the unliving, and founding member of the Dark Council, and it was a city built in the foul pits of the earth.
Cratos summoned his steed, a dark, sleek horse with fangs and serpentine eyes. He rode across the bone paved streets, making his way through the winding passages, passing shops and taverns, inns, temples, shrines, private residences, guild fortresses and all manner of buildings imaginable. He turned onto one of the main streets and came upon a large entrance-way, massive, grotesque, misshapen guardians with sewn arms and spilling organs watching as the people moved to and fro. Cratos dismounted and moved into the chambers of the unholy bank to make a withdrawal. Upon accumulating the required sum, he packed it and mailed it to the guildmaster, Fortunato. Hopefully it would be enough. Though exactly what was he going to do for next month's dues?
As Cratos walked back slowly out the entrance, his coffers empty, he wondered what venture to embark upon now. The guardian horrors eyed him idly as he passed underneath their gaze. Soon he was out on the streets of Shadowguard once again, where midnight reigned supreme. He looked up to see the cavernous ceiling of the city, no trace of sky so deep underground. It was a timeless place, certainly, where people always had things to attend to, at all hours of day. Now Cratos had to figure out his next move. He hopped to and fro, from sidewalk to street, from street to sidewalk, as he contemplated the world's mysteries.
[Aragornx] has come online.
Joseph cursed. Son of a bitch.
[Aragornx] whispers: hEY jOE
Maybe if he ignored him, he would go away. 
[Aragornx] whispers: jOEjOEjOEjOEjOE
Maybe if he kept ignoring him, he would go away.
[Aragornx] whispers: jOEjOEjOEjOEjOEjOEjOEjOEjOEjOEjOEjOEjOEjOEjOE
You whisper to [Aragornx]: Dammit Matt! What do you want?
[Aragornx] whispers: jOE cAN yUO hELPP mEE qUESTt??!*%
You whisper to [Aragornx]: Uh I'm kind of busy right now
[Aragornx] whispers: wHAT u dOIN?
You whisper to [Aragornx]: Uh, guild stuff. Sorry, I can't help you right now.
[Aragornx] whispers: pUHLEAZE pRETTY wITH a aVOCADO oN iT
You whisper to [Aragornx]: Avocado? Don't you mean cherry?
[Aragornx] whispers: u hAV cHEREES? i lIKE cHEREES yUM yUM!!(^
Oh dear god. The fates were merciless. And bored. They must be bored, to have to resort to toying with him like this for amusement. Couldn't the fates just have sex or something instead? That way they could leave him to play his game in peace.
You whisper to [Aragornx]: Fine, I'll help you for a little bit, but then I've got to go.
[Aragornx] whispers: yAY yIPPEE kIE yAY
You whisper to [Aragornx]: And turn your caps lock off for god's sake. You don't have to capitalize every word.
[Aragornx] whispers: But You Told Me To Capitalize Yum Yum*
You whisper to [Aragornx]:  Not EVERY word. Just at the beginning of sentences. Where are you?
[Aragornx] whispers: Badwater barrens
Oh god. No, please no. Joseph looked at Matt's location on his friends list. Indeed, Badwater Barrens. This was the point in the movie when the protagonist looked up into the sky, raised his hands to the gods, and screamed NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooooooooooo in diminishing volume as the camera pulled out to fade.
[Aragornx] invites you to a group.
(Group) [Aragornx]: THIS IS SO EXCITING
Cratos summoned his steed and galloped down the twisting streets halfheartedly. The denizens of Shadowguard mobbed around him, flowing past, off in search of adventure and loot. Not Cratos, though. At least not today. The sooner he got this over with, the better. Still, he couldn't quite bring himself to hurry along any faster. As if hastening to one's impending doom made the aforementioned doom any less doomish.
As he made his way through the underworld streets, the paths opened up, the buildings parted, and he found himself facing a foul nexus of green, unholy energy, reverberating up a tall pylon as it spiraled up towards the underground ceiling. The Grand Passage, as it was called. Officially, anyway. In common parlance, it was simply the Grand Shaft. Dismounting, he climbed the steps towards it tentatively. One had to strain one's neck just to see its midpoint.
Along with the rest of the filing denizens, he waited in line for his turn to pass beneath the arches. Light from the energizing stones deep within the shaft flashed brilliantly in slow rhythm, propelling their passengers upward into the dark recesses. Cratos took a seat on the platform, along with the rest, and within moments, the beating energies grew faster and faster, whirling and building till eruption. As the moans of lost souls split the atmosphere asunder, the platform sped up, slowed, then stopped. He got up and filed out into the courtyard of the mausoleum.
The skies were gray, and the rain pelted the graveyard ground with primal force. The others dispersed, skeletons, zombies, dark lords alike, venturing forth into the depths of the Western Continent. Cratos had other business to attend to, however. He left and made for the outpost standing over the countless rows of headstones and stone guardians. He climbed it and sat at the top, looking over the misty haze of the lands of the dead, waiting for his ride.
In the distance, he saw the billowing, bloated form moving steadily through the sky, nothing more than a shadow through the thick atmosphere. But as it grew closer, he could see the tattered hide of the balloon, the burning engine pumping wildly as the rotors spun, the mad goblin engineers driving their zeppelin with a zeal only goblins were capable of producing. It slowed to a halt in front of him and waited as the hodge podge of passengers got off, eager to attend to business at the capital no doubt. The engineers smirked, baring their blazing rotten teeth as they waved him aboard. Cratos smiled skeptically and nodded as he got on. He always felt uneasy traveling by zeppelin. The floorboards were falling apart. Strips of rag were peeling off the hide of the balloon. The ropes holding the gondola aloft looked as if they would snap at any moment. But the engineers didn't mind. He supposed it was part of the fun for them, knowing that the contraption could topple at any moment. The ship lurched, and Cratos took a seat. The goblins cranked their gears and set the thing in motion. Cratos tried not to look over the side. Motion sickness on a goblin zeppelin was a bitch.
The world turned, the rains stopped, and the sky brightened, bloodied. As Cratos peered down, he saw himself looking at the sandy red coasts, chiseled rock formations enduring the force of the fierce warm seas for millenia. To be on the other side of the world in what seemed like mere moments  the technology was humbling. This was the eastern continent, and these were Orclands. The Zeppelin slowed, clambering, the engine wheezing as if on its last legs. Cratos got off onto the shoddy tower station as the waiting passengers got on, mostly orcs and goblins. Cratos looked back, and saw the engineers cackling. As dangerous and unpredictable as the goblins might be, one thing could be said of them for sure; they certainly loved their jobs.
He clambered down and stepped upon the craggy orange red earth. He summoned his mount and made his way to the east. He passed amidst trees and rock, wandering boars and other creatures grazing amidst the plains. And even though the earth changed little as he made his way, something in the atmosphere was different. A subtle taste in the air, an undercurrent of must in the fragrance of the earth
(General) [Sulfibaba]: JESUS CAN WALK ON WATER, BUT CHUCK NORRIS CAN SWIM ON LAND
Yes, these were the Badwater Barrens, all right. He could feel it in his bones.
(General) [Mikawookoo]: does any1 lik metalaca they r cool
(General) [Wolgo]: whaere is mankirks wife
(General) [Beerdude]: my balls itch
Cratos closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Something told him the next few hours would leave his patience, and his intelligence, sorely tested. He looked on his map and saw the location of his friend. As he came upon a clearing, he saw a shabbily dressed orc with a mohawk and a ponytail, hacking away at a boar.
(Group) [Cratos]: Okay Matt, what do you need help with?
(Group) [Aragornx]: I am not matt! I am Aragornx, defender of humanity!
(Group) [Cratos]: Matt, you're an orc.
(Group) [Aragornx]: QUIET. CAN'T YOU SEE I'M IN THE MIDDLE OF EPIC BATTLE
The mohawk orc, battered and bruised, swung at the boar with what appeared to be a broom.
(Group) [Cratos]: Matt, are you fighting with a broom?
(Group) [Aragornx]: A BROOM OF JUSTICE
The orc battered the boar. Then battered it some more. Cratos watched as the boar stood there, snapping back periodically. The orc continued battering. The boar attacked lazily, growing weary. After a while, the boar stopped fighting back, and just stood there, watching, as if itself appalled at the amount of time it was taking for the orc to kill him. Finally Cratos unsheathed his blade and sliced the creature clean in half.
(Group [Aragornx]: WHY DID YOU DO THAT? I ALMOST HAD HIM
(Group) [Cratos]: I put it out of its misery. I had to. It was only ethical. Now what do you need help with?
(Group) [Aragornx]: KILLING BOARS
Cratos twitched.
(Group) [Cratos]: Okay, let's go. 
Cratos stalked amidst the fields, moving swiftly, but silently as he hunted boar. In the time it took to draw his blade and sheathe it once again, the boar would be lying dead at his feet. He cut swathes through the fields, killing boars as quickly as he could, and within moments, the area was filled with the carcasses of boars.
(Group) [Cratos]: That enough boars to complete your quest?
(Group) [Aragornx]: NO I NEED BOAR LIVERS
(Group) [Cratos]: Well how many do you need?
(Group) [Aragornx]: 27
(Group) [Cratos]: How many do you have?
The mohawk orc scrambled to loot the bodies.
(Group) [Aragornx]: 3
Cratos stood silent, abhorred.
(Group) [Cratos]: But I just killed like thirty boars for you.
(Group) [Aragornx]: YA BUT ONLY THREE HAD LIVERS
Cratos surveyed the harsh, sun soaked landscape. Not a living boar left in sight.
(General) [Wolgo]: where is mankirks wife
(General) [Sulfibaba]: DEATH ONCE HAD A NEAR CHUCK NORRIS EXPERIENCE 
(Group) [Cratos]: What else do you need for your quest?
(Group) [Aragornx]: 15 boar snouts, 12 buzzard gizzards, 7 armadillo eyes, and okra
(Group) [Cratos]: Dear god. For what?
(Group) [Aragornx]: A PIE
(General) [Wolgo]: WHERE IS MANKIRKS WIFE
(General) [Dildo]: in my bed, gettin nekkid
(General) [Moogerus]: aww ya gettin it on wit mankirks wife  
UU======================> (     )o(     )  pow chikka powow
(General) [Sulfibaba]: CHUCK NORRIS DOESN'T READ BOOKS. HE STARES THEM DOWN UNTIL THEY TELL HIM WHAT HE WANTS TO KNOW
(General) [Jgog]: chuck norris aint better than pie! 
(Group) [Cratos]: Oh, man, I think I'm losing my connection.
Joseph quickly pressed the quit button. Are you sure you want to quit?
(General) [Aragornx]: i lik pie
Yes. Definitely yes. And once again, Joseph was left staring at Shakespeare. Yeah, I know, you bastard, Joe said to his monitor. Hey! Don't you roll your eyes at me! He felt bad about leaving Matt hanging there, but, then again no he didn't. In the words of an internet comic, it was like a stupidity centrifuge, distilling the unexpurgated banal thoughts of a thousand morons into a hardened impenetrable lump of smacktardery spilling endlessly across the bottom of his screen. Like the high school locker room, all over again.
So that sorry episode was over. What now? He had lost track of time and place. He couldn't remember when yesterday ended and today began. What was going on? Where was he? What was he supposed to be doing? More like what was he currently putting off
It was hard transitioning between worlds. That intermediate state of mind, torn between realities, was always the worst, and the most disorienting. He took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes. How long had he been staring at the computer screen? How much longer, would be a more appropriate question.
So, really, what was he supposed to do now? How come he was stuck asking himself that question day in, day out, hour after squandered hour? Where was he going? Where had he been? Where was he now to begin with? In a decade old swivel chair, his fingers strained from clicking and typing. Was it night? He looked outside. So it was. Oh right, it had been night when he came in from work. Oh right, he had worked that day. It didn't feel like it. It felt like he had worked a lifetime. His head swirled. He wondered if this was what a hangover felt like.
Well, there was clearly nothing left for him in this reality to do. There was no business to attend to, no goal to fulfill, no problems to solve, only unsolvable problems, things that never go away and eat away at you till you die or get bored, not unlike a pixellated, flatly textured boar. 
Why was it always such a struggle? This aimless filtering and flittering of existence, trapped in a network of tubes, delivered, and served up like pie for an afternoon of delight and lent weight by the masters of old. What the hell was he even talking about? Dear god. Another year of this life, and he would be dousing himself in gasoline. He wouldn't light it, of course. Self-immolation took a special kind of madness that only war and Buddhism could inspire. Come to think of it, he probably would just use water or Pepsi and pretend it was gasoline. What did it matter? Then again, Pepsi would be expensive, at least compared to water, and sticky. So water it was. But then again, he didn't like being wet. On second thought, or third, or forth, he probably just wouldn't do anything at all. Maybe instead he'd write a story about it.
And on that thought, he was faced with his fate once again. It was a daily ritual, looking his fear in the eyes, and crumbling every time the irises flared. What was he going to write about anyway? The Gideon story thing was the only thing he had, and it was stupid. He had no idea where it was going, and usually that meant it was going nowhere. So what else was he supposed to do? It was like being sucked into the earth by quicksand, crying desperately for someone to help pull you out, but ending up having to pull your own damn self up or die trying. Every day. After spending eight hours at a freaking hobby shop. What kind of a masochist decides to choose such a path in life? The fat kind. The pathetic kind. The kind that settles for glazed donuts in lieu of friends.

The quiet rumbling could be heard in the distance. It was not a violent sound, but hushed and guttural  a natural sound that rung in the sky like the steady breath of a sleeping dog. The drops splashed upon his hood, and he breathed in the moist air, thick with the smell of the wet wild. Looking up, he saw into the white-gray sky, the bilious clouds migrating away. It seemed even the sky wished to be some place else.
What are you looking at? Gwendolyn asked.
Gideon lowered his gaze and gripped the reins. Nothing.
It'll be dark in a few hours, she said. Your horse is slowing us down.
Kipper's a fine horse, Gideon said. Kipper clopped along tentatively.
Perhaps for a penniless farmer with no lands left to till. The governor showered you with plenty of coin. I can't see why you couldn't have procured a steed fit for travel.
As if there are any to be had, Gideon said, pulling his hood lower.
The roads going out of Wake's End were more worn and ragged than Gideon had remembered. It seemed as if they were traveling through foreign country, a land that was becoming slowly but surely reclaimed by earth. Where before the roads had been paved with stone, now they were largely dirt and mud, the stones pried and sold seemingly long ago. Grasses grew wild and under the drizzle of rain the roads became a murky mess that sucked at the horses' hooves and exploded upon impact. He looked to his sister's horse, and saw its pristine white coat being peppered by flecks of mud. Somehow it gave him a degree of satisfaction.
How much farther? Gwendolyn asked.
Can't say, Gideon said.
What do you mean? Gwendolyn said, turning atop her horse. I thought you knew these roads?
Not anymore, he said, beginning to feel the water soaking through his cloak. I haven't been out of the city in years. Things have changed.
How much can a road change? she said, muttering.
Apparently more than one would expect.
Gideon stared off across the worn and torn path ahead, meandering along. Where was it headed?

Joseph stared off into the screen, his mouth agape in idle stupor. It felt as if time had frozen around him, locking him in place, just as he was being given a cosmic wedgie. Where the hell was the road headed? Where were they even going? Dear god, man! What the hell was he supposed to do now?
They could be going to an inn But that was so obvious. Characters in fantasy stories were always going to inns, and taverns, and pubs. Even elves needed to get hammered every now and again, he supposed. And dwarves dwarves only grew out their beards to soak up extra ale for later. He imagined dwarven AA meetings were more than commonplace. Would they be government sponsored, or organized by private parties? Did they have dwarven interventions? Dammit, back to the point. Where were the characters going? He stared at the screen. He stared some more. Why was he doing this? He didn't even like writing! Well, he liked it when the writing came easy. Which was never. Son of a bitch.

Somewhere down that road, through the mess of bramble and weed, they'd come across their destination. The overhanging branches dripped rainwater as they passed beneath, collecting upon the flanks of the horses, the thick of their manes. Gideon looked to his sister, atop her glowing white mare. She was clothed in drab, common garb, cloak and quilted armor, studded leather, her face wrapped in shroud, hooded, her eyes searching the woodlands for the unseen. She was unarmed, except for a spare knife here and there, but her real weapon resided behind her eyes, and it was worth more in a fray than any blade. Gideon could still see her in her flowing robes back at the academy, a refined, respectable, independent young woman. Now though she looked more of a mercenary. Their parents would have been so ashamed. And it was Gideon's fault. What had he done? The rain dripped ceaselessly, but slowly, as if it was saving the worst for later. 
The countryside was wild and ghostly. Through parting trees, Gideon could see the fields in the distance, untended, as windmills churned away, sightless, their sails torn and tattered, nothing more than empty husks, remnants of an ancient civilization only five years gone. But then the trees thickened as the horses plodded on through the mud and the rain, and they were surrounded by vegetation once again. 
So what have you been up to these past few years? Gideon said.
Gwendolyn shook her head. Working. What do you think?
Well, I expected as much, he said, but I was hoping for something a bit more illuminating.
Don't feign interest in me, she said. I'm not feigning interest in you, am I?
I was just trying to make conver-
Gideon, she said, her voice hushed, alarmed.
Up ahead was a ruined cart, tipped over, the body of a horse tangled in rope and harness, collapsed in the mud as the rain pattered against its slick muscle. Against the cart, a man rested, gripping his stomach as he stared off into the forest.
Gideon motioned for his sister to stay as he dismounted, his feet colliding with the mud in impact. He approached warily across the forest path, drawing his knife, keeping his eyes moving. As he closed in on the wreckage, he saw that the cart was empty, that the horse had been bled dry, and that the man himself was pressing a ball of cloth to his belly, stained a color of darkness. 
Hail, friend! Are you in need of aid? Gideon said, from a distance. The man merely stared on, unresponsive, unaware. I said hail! Damn it Gideon approached with trepidation, keeping his eyes on the trees surrounding. 
Gideon stood over him. The man was middle-aged, with a cloth cap and cheap, tattered clothing that had probably been worn for a decade. He had soft, sagging features, with white gray stubble and a round curving nose that made him look like something of a melancholy gargoyle. 
So what's your story? Gideon muttered.
The man stared ahead, as if moving his eyes from the tree trunk would damn him upon death.
You must go the man said, his hoarse voice nothing more than a whisper. He has returned
Gideon stooped down to better hear. Who?
The man whose face is bone he said, wheezing.
A wave of uncomprehending dread washed over Gideon. He sheathed his knife. Gwen, time to go. He turned, but jumped as Gwendolyn stood staring him in the face. Don't do that! I told you to stay back.
Gwendolyn looked the man over, reins in hand.
Can you do anything for him? Gideon asked.
Gwendolyn shook her head, somber. The healing arts are not my strength.
Gideon shrugged, taking Kipper's reins from his sister. It'll be dark soon. We need to go.
Gwendolyn paused. We're just going to leave him?
He's a goner, sis. Look at all the blood he's lost.
Surely someone at the inn can patch him up?
Inn's probably hours away, Gideon said. Let the man die in peace, and let us get away from here as quickly as possible. Lest you want to chance meeting the people that did this to him.
Gwendolyn sighed as she knelt beside the man. They'd better hope they don't chance meeting me.
As the skies darkened, the rain continued, slow, steady, fighting a war of attrition rather than a blitz. The quiet rumblings from the sky grew more vocal as the diffused light of a cloudy day took on the countenance of oncoming night. As the light changed, so too did the landscape. The atmosphere grew dim in the distance. The trees became more and more formless and indiscernible but for the space surrounding their branches. If before, the lands had been ghostly, now they became downright unholy. Perhaps it wasn't so much the environment itself but the threat of the denizens roaming it, soon to be enshrouded in shadow.
Who do you think was responsible? Gwendolyn said, looking over from her horse as it clipped along.
Raiders, Gideon said. The cart was empty. Took the man's cargo. Don't know why they killed the horse.
Why would they do such a thing? she said, almost more to herself. It's just so barbaric.
Times are hard. Money's scarce. Food is scarcer.
That's so banal. As if someone would kill a man just for a loaf of bread.
You'd be surprised at how quickly a nice man turns into a hungry beast when the meals and the coins to buy them are suddenly just out of reach, Gideon said, the memory of a smiling Jiminy impossible to shake.
Yeah, those cannibals were indeed pretty creepy. You're just lucky that I showed up when I did.
Yeah, that's exactly how I'd describe myself. Lucky.
They traveled in silence as night fell across the wilderness of the countryside. The birds cried their wails and the winds howled their hollow tunes through the rains and the dripping spiderweb branches. They passed the hours in the wilderness, hoping for something to pierce the solidity of the wild, but there was nothing but stark land and earth, unsympathetic to their plight.
In the pits of night, a fiery glow emanated from the road up ahead. As they passed through the trees, Gideon pulled back on the reins. There in the clearing stood a stone structure glowing with warmth. The Stormfront Inn  a fitting name. With its formidable walls and barred windows, it seemed more of a fortress than an inn.
That's where we're going? Gwendolyn said beside him.
Yeah. What's the matter?
It looks uncouth.
Well, such is life outside the academy walls. The Stormfront's not so bad. I stopped by years ago. It's lively, and safe. Just stay hooded.
As they approached the building, they found two men, a rather large one and a rather small one, playing cards by the flickering firelight pouring out of the doorway.  The large one stood up as Gideon pulled his horse in.
Ho there, the man said, garbed in metal. He had a thick, unruly beard, and his nose seemed as if it had been broken more than once. If ye be lookin' for trouble, ye've come to the wrong place, traveler. He pulled out a beastly blade from its sheathe and held it loosely in his hands. See, they pay me to keep things civil. So I ask ye are ye civil, or are ye not?
Nothing to worry about, Gideon said, trying to make out the man's face in the darkness and the rain. We're civil, and we mean to pay.
Let's see some coin, the man said.
Gideon reached into his bag and procured a silver piece, flipping it to the man, who snatched it from the air with his off hand and inspected it.
Tweedil! the man roared. Go take their horses out back and water them. Civil travelers are always welcome at the Stormfront Inn! he said with a toothy smile. 
Gideon looked to his sister. He supposed she wasn't used to such frontier establishments. From atop their horses, they could hear the revelry and the raucous laughter. A man stumbled out of the doorway and vomited into the mud. She looked at Gideon icily. He dismounted before she had a chance to say, or worse, do anything.
I'm Heff, head of security, the sword wielder said, sheathing his blade. Ye'll forgive the rudeness. Just gettin' so ye cannna' tell the difference betwixt the civil and the not so, specially during a miserable night such as this. Tweedil! I said fetch their horses, ye little runt! Ye best not be fixin' those cards while I'm not looking! Apologies, come right this way.
As the small, grumbling Tweedil took the horses' reins from them, Gideon and his sister followed the lumbering Heff as he led them to the entrance.
Don't get so many civil travelers these days to the old Stormfront. Mostly just rabble, and regulars. Drunkard farmers and the like, out of coin to feed their families, but still have enough to drink themselves stupid. Wasn't always like this. No, the old Stormfront's seen better days. But it still stands. So long as ol' Heff's around, that'll be for sure. Hey, would you like some nudie playing cards?
Gideon frowned. Pardon?
Twas good business, Heff said, lamenting. Till the nudie conjurations
Gideon stepped into the doorway and found himself amidst a sprawling common room, fit with bear rug and fireplace alike. He was surprised to find the place relatively empty. Tables lined the room, but with only a few patrons nursing their tankards. It seemed the revelry was only a single table of friends, merchants by the looks of them, roaring with laughter at some unfathomable jest, as their paid guards sat aside quietly at another table. From a corner, a man watched from the shadows.
Gideon shook himself like a dog, letting the water drip off his body and onto the rugs and the wood floor.
Welcome! Welcome to the Stormfront Inn! a boisterous man said from behind the bar. Come, come! Traveling at such a late hour, and in such unpleasant weather! You must be thirsty! What can I get for you?
An ale, Gideon said, taking a seat at the bar.
Sure. And for your friend?
He'll have an ale as well, Gideon said, but flinched upon receiving a jab to the chest. On second thought, he'll have your finest wine. I'm paying. He eyed his cowled sister drolly.
I'm Bentley, the proprietor of this fine inn, the man said, pouring the drinks. Will you be staying the night?
We will be, Gideon said. He emptied some coin onto the table.
Yes, that should be sufficient, Bentley said. Most kind of you. So may I ask, where are you fine fellows traveling from this not so fine eve?
Oh, here and there, Gideon said, sipping his tankard. He was surprised. It tasted much better than piss. Fine ale.
Only the best for my customers, Bentley said. Few enough as they are these days, I may as well treat them well.
Yes, I passed through here several years ago, Gideon said, enjoying the warmth. I remember the Stormfront being much busier then.
Aye, that it was. My father built this place. A smart man. This was a prime location for folk traveling to and from Wake's End, Whitelake, Morhaven North, South, everyone needs a place to stay, certainly when the storms come to ruin your big travel plans. But that was before the Highmark, and now the iron shortage, and the collapsing economy, and the raiders, and, oh, if my father knew what had become of things, he'd certainly have a thing or two to say.
Yeah, I don't know any more either. It seemed just five years ago things weren't so bad. Well, they were bad, certainly, but not- As Gideon looked to his side, he found the stool empty, his sister absent. He searched around frantically, and saw the veiled Gwendolyn sitting at a table in the corner with the stranger that had been watching them from before. Oh, if you'll excuse me, Gideon said, making to move, tankard in hand.
As he made his way across the common room, he passed by the table of merchants. They were still laughing, seemingly at the same joke. What could be so funny? They were garbed in finery and rich cloth, dreadful attire for such dreadful weather. Gaping maws, yellow teeth, bulging bellies. They seemed like men who belonged at the governor's ball, come to think of it. 
Gideon passed by. As he neared the table in the corner, the stranger looked up from his whispers and stared at Gideon as he approached.
Oh, Gwendolyn said, having unwrapped her face. This would be my brother. Gideon, this is Khalid.
The man nodded. Please, join us, he said. He was a lean man, clean shaven, a bit swarthy, young, muscled. A man finely carved from rich stone, but one that didn't break nearly so easily as one would think, or so he had the feeling.
Is the wine to your satisfaction, my dear? Gideon said, taking a seat beside his sister.
I've had better.
I'm sure you have.
I'm sure you haven't. Gwendolyn sipped idly regardless.
So how are you and my sister acquainted, exactly?
Khalid gripped his tankard with both hands. We are old friends. We studied at the academy together, briefly.
Before Khalid was off to bigger and brighter things, Gwendolyn said with a faint smirk.
Yes, well, I do my job, not unlike anyone else, Khalid said.
Khalid's a Peacekeeper, Gwendolyn said, smiling as she sipped at her glass.
Gwen, please, Khalid said. It's confidential.
It's just my brother, Gwendolyn said.
Yes, well, again, it's just a job, Khalid said.
A damn sexy one, Gwendolyn said.
Khalid smiled ever so slightly, relenting. At least it's better than being a mercenary. 
Gideon took a draft from his tankard. So tell me. Exactly what does a Peacekeeper's duty entail?
We're a nonpartisan international aid organization, Khalid said, his hesitation quickly diminishing. We work with belligerent nations and parties in resolving conflicts, acting as intermediaries. And we work to supply aid to civilians caught in conflicts.
A real hero, Gwendolyn said, her eyes mocking Gideon as he stifled a cringe.
Well, Gideon said. That sounds all well and good, but I don't recall any news of Peacekeepers in either of the sieges of Wake's End.
Yes, well, the Highmark has little interest in resolving conflicts other than through their opposition's capitulation, or their shedding of blood, Khalid said, his voice tense. In any case, Gwendolyn says you're headed to Morhaven. 
Yes, quite, Gideon said, suddenly feeling chill
Well, assuming I can't persuade you to turn back, I'd recommend you take extra precaution.
We are taking all the necessary precautions, I assure you, Gideon said, beginning to feel inexplicably ill at ease. He peered into the tankard. Perhaps the ale was not so fine as he had believed?
It's more than that. There are dark things happening in Morhaven, Khalid said.
Where are they not? Gideon said, beginning to feel a weight descending upon his mental space, a shadow that quickly suffocated his thoughts. What was this malaise?
Khalid shook his head. You don't understand. Just take my word for it. Travel by day. Stay off the main roads.
Visions of fire, blood, rotten bone. Common knowledge A screech building up in pressure, rending the shatters of his mind. The same uncomprehending dread, washing over his fevered thoughts for the second time that day.
The merchants' laughter ceased. The door had been forced open, and in the gateway stood the hulking form of Heff, leaning against the wall, beard dripping, eyes straining to see. And then he was down, his head colliding with the floor as rainwater trailed behind, his back covered in blood.
Khalid stood erect and made for the man on the ground. Gideon stood behind as the merchants began yammering in fear, the guards lining up with unsheathed weapons. Bentley rushed to the door. Heff!
Khalid looked up at the innkeeper. I'm sorry.
No. No! Bentley said, but Gideon held him back. Heff! What did they do to you?
As they looked out the doorway, there was only darkness and rain. But as Gideon focused, he saw the forms of several men appear out of the void. Rain slick, monochrome bodies, hoods and wet metal. A retinue of specters, reclaimed souls, forming the vanguard for something so much worse.
What is the purpose of this murder? Khalid said, his face curling, reaching his full height.
The men stood silent beyond the doorway, but the whispers traced patterns in Gideon's mind.
Whatever business you have here, know that you are not welcome. Leave now, Khalid said, his voice unwavering.
Gideon could see Gwendolyn's fingers twitching. He held back her hand, gently, fearing the forces beyond the veil, but she swatted him away, her eyes fixed on the darkness ahead.
I said, leave now! Khalid said. Two of the men lunged out of the night, and in a flurry of furious movement, they were back outside, on their faces, eating mud. I will give no second warning. Next time I kill.
Amidst the flashes of dread striking away at the pits of his bones, and the foul energies tainting his blood, compelling his hands to cut flesh, the whispers rose to a crescendo, into words. Gideon of House Greythorne  I know your name.
The men looked to one another, plainly interested in blood. But then a voice called out. We seek Drake Oro. The voice was gravelly, low, crooked, like the bones of a snake ground to dust.
There is no such man here, Khalid said. Who makes such a request?
The darkness was still, but as the men looked at each other warily, they parted, and out of the shadows appeared-

What do you think of this shirt?
Joseph blinked, seeing the characters before him for the first time. He turned in his swivel chair. What?
What do you think of this shirt? Your mother and I were having an argument over its craftsmanship. Now, don't let me influence your opinion, but look at the fine quality of the cloth, the superb patterning. And I only paid five dollars for it at the department store. A better deal is not to be found this post-holiday season, I shall tell you! It's true that it's made in India, and you know how I feel about foreign goods, but considering the price, I shan't hold it against it, and you shouldn't either. So, my boy, of what opinion are you?
Joseph looked at his father as he held up a pink, yellow and green plaid shirt, one that, held against the blue, red and orange plaid shirt he was currently wearing, became a sea of painful colors that threatened to destroy Joseph's ability to see forever more. It's fine, dad.
See, Grace, dear? his father said down the hall. The boy agrees with me!
Returning to his screen, he saw the characters swimming around the afterimage of the shirts burned into his retinas. Joseph took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes, to no avail. Where had he left off?

The darkness was still, but as the men looked at each other warily, they parted, and out of the shadows appeared a gaunt looking man whose face could barely be discerned.
I seek Drake of House Oro, the man said.
There is no such man here, Khalid growled. Be warned, I am an ordained Peacekeeper. Any forcible entry will be in direct violation of international law, and you will face retribution.
Give in now, Gideon, and I shall be merciful.
Gideon looked through the cloud of images, the fields of blood and carnage, the ravaged earth, the dismembered spirit of civilizations. And he thought to himself, No.
Through the darkness, death itself looked upon him, and indulged his feckless conviction.
If you knew the path ahead of you, you'd choose different.
The men muttered to themselves as the rain poured on. So be it, the voice said. But be certain. I will remember you, Peacekeeper. The lightning flashed and illuminated the visage of a man with bare teeth and paper thin skin, stretched around the form of his skull like a demon. The lightning flashed again, and they were gone.
Khalid closed the door and barred it, while Bentley and Tweedil rushed sobbing to their fallen friend's side.
Gideon looked away, but could not avoid the gaze of his sister. 
This is not what I signed up for, Gwendolyn said.
Gideon drew his knife, inspecting it as a matter of course. That's what I used to say. But then I read the fine print. He sheathed his knife. It was sharp, but not nearly sharp enough. And one of these days, he was going to have to actually use it.

The computer screen, that wall of light, stood before him like an illusory window into a time and space that didn't really exist. But it was so convincing. And if he believed it to be real, in his mind, didn't that make it in some way real? Joseph took off his glasses. It didn't matter. He thought that a lot, didn't he? It didn't matter. It didn't matter. If it didn't matter, then what did?
Real life, that's what mattered, right? How many hours of his life had he wasted, sitting at his computer, typing, clicking, peering into that magic mirror that showed him what he wanted to see, when he could have been out, living, doing what human beings were supposed to do? Of course, it's not as if other people spent their hours wisely either, whether looking into a computer screen or a television screen or a movie screen or even the pages of a book They were all magic mirrors, and they sure as hell beat the real ones. After all, Joseph had an ugly face.
He opened up his internet browser and navigated to his web portal. After logging in, he was greeted by the image of a golden haired goddess. Extravagantly Successful Young Person of the Day: Scarlett Johansen. She made her major film debut at age 10. She's a modern sex symbol. She also recorded a cover album of Tom Waits songs Didn't go down too well, but it's okay, cause she's a sex symbol! Joseph clicked past the applets to his email. Sometimes he hated the internet.
As his inbox appeared, a message popped up. Here at Gogle! Networks, we put exclamation marks behind everything, because maybe if we exclaim, you'll think it's something worth exclaiming about! That is all. He checked his email. Spam. Spam. You have a message on Facebook. Spam spam spam. Hmm. He logged out, and redirected his browser to Facebook. He didn't use Facebook much anymore these days, but he was still connected to all sorts of people from high school and college and such. He wondered who was messaging him.
After logging in, he browsed through his messages, but there was nothing there. False alarm. He sighed, strangely disappointed. He was going to log off, but couldn't resist the temptation, and started clicking around randomly, cruising around to see what others were up to. Everyone was going to college, of course. He looked through his friends list, composed of a hundred or so people. He clicked on friends randomly, looking through their interactions. He felt like such a voyeur doing so, some sort of spectral spirit snooping around in other people's lives.
He stumbled upon someone he had gone to high school with, Priyanka. She was nice person. Religious views: VOGUE MAGAZINE. Now that's an answer. He wondered what she was up to now. Who knew? Whatever. She had dear god, 1,687 friends. How was that even possible? He thought the scientific limit for the brain was 150.
Joseph scrolled through his friends some more, a list now put in perspective as paltry. They were young, interesting and beautiful, but they probably didn't even know it, and he didn't really even know any of them. He had his whole life to get to know these people, didn't he? But instead, he had focused on other, more important things  grades, classes, school, college  and for what? Where had it all gotten him? He had lost so much of his life to this system And all he had left were three god awful manuscripts and a stupid game he played so he could forget he wrote them.
He didn't think much about the past. There were probably good memories somewhere in his brain, but he could never remember any of them. He just focused on the daily grind, in-game and in-life, in hopes that it would amount to something in the end.
Joseph had painful memories just like everyone else, but high school had been a special kind of misery. High school in the suburbs You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villiany. The dumb become dumber, the smart become chosen, and the rest just wade their way through. Joseph had been one of the chosen. He had been selected, indoctrinated, and he became a worker. He studied, he worked, and he gave all that he had in his body to give, and even still, he nearly drowned. He never talked. He never spoke. He was silent, invisible, and privileged. He did homework, and he played Shadowcraft, and such was his life. A Puritan work ethic gone mad, as Ms. Wolf had put it one day walking down those empty halls. A system conditioning you for a society of fear and repression, as Joseph now put it himself. As if you had been told your whole life that two and two made five. Life would be a lot less bearable without Radiohead.
He turned his eyes back to the monitor. Priyanka was smiling warmly in her photograph, in a vibrant Indian sari, next to a smiling friend. Well, if he couldn't be happy, at least it was nice to know that somebody else so deserving could.
As he moved to log out, however, he saw the ads in the corner of his eye. Chat with Local Women  an image of a pale faced girl with tight white shorts, long sumptuous legs, a black spaghetti string tank top, reclining on the floor, her mouth frozen in a Pan Am smile, an open laptop in the foreground. Meet stunning local women online at Why would he want to meet stunning local women online? If they were local, couldn't he just meet them in person?
And below, another ad said, Life is short, have an affair! Sometimes things needed interpretation in order to crystallize meaning. Sometimes things needed to be put in broader context to truly make sense. But, sometimes, the internet just spoke for itself.



Chapter 6



Characters have beliefs, values and motivations.
Light poured into the classroom through the windows facing the courtyard.
They have ideas and perspectives they believe to be true. They have morals, attitudes and objects that they value. And they have motivations, reasons for what they say, what they think and what they do.
The students, hunched over their one-piece desks in mangled rows, squinted, straining to see through the volumes of light. 
Let's consider the character's function. What purpose is this character serving? Is she a theme-bearer? Is she a confidante? Does she provide opposition  to a character, an idea, a society? Is she a catalyst, someone that stirs things up?
The students asked one another surreptitiously if they could make out the teacher's arcane handwriting.
There are many ideas in contemporary literature, but we can distill them into several big ones. Much of the time they fall into the realms of the social, the political, the moral, or the philosophical. Or of course any combination thereof. Literature often raises questions, and sometimes, though rarely, offers solutions. And these ideas are always connected to the tone of the author.
Ms. Wolf stood at the satin white board, gliding her bright markers over it in cryptic patterns of words and arcing threads of thought. She was a wiry woman, short, thin, almost emaciated, with trim gray hair and cute little glasses that she used to tip down her nose in mock inquisition.
Considering human history, we can see that experience develops into idea, which develops into myth, which develops into truth. Let's think about our stereotypical notions of males and females. What are some positive words you would use to describe males?
Powerful.
Courageous.
Charismatic.
Loyal.
Determined.
Good. And how about some negative ones?
Egotistical.
Domineering.
Stubborn.
Ignorant.
Arrogant.
Abusive.
Pea-brained.
Thinks with their crotch.
The class laughed.
Looks like some of you gals are bitter old women already. Men'll do that to you. Now how about females?
Evil. Laughter from the scattershot boys.
I see we have a history of girl trouble, Mr. Schulz, Ms. Wolf said. But let's start with the positive first.
Compassionate.
Caring.
Virtuous.
Protective.
Nurturing.
Intuitive.
Responsible.
Sexy.
Okay. Now negative? Ms. Wolf said.
Insecure.
Fickle.
Self-centered.
Emotional.
Demanding.
Manipulative.
Controlling.
Frigid.
Cruel.
Evil. It's mathematically provable.
All right, now let's think about Aphrodite, Ms. Wolf said. How would you describe her?
Beautiful.
Conniving.
Manipulative.
Self-absorbed.
Hot and sexy, Ms. Wolf said. She's a temptress. What about Hera?
Jealous.
Hot-tempered.
Faithful.
Moody, unpredictable.
She protects the home, Ms. Wolf said. She's a wife.
Now, if you look at the Greek goddesses Aphrodite, Hera, Athena, Demeter and Artemis, what can we say about them? We say that they are protectors. They are sexual and sensual, but volatile women. They have sexual lures. They are controlling and possessive, and they demand loyalty.
And what about Arthurian legends? Consider the code of chivalry, which defines notions of idealistic love, and defines women as creatures in need of rescuing. Considering Christian role models, we see Mary, the mother of god. She is holy, a wife, a mother, a nurturer. And let's not forget, she's a 'virgin' mother, for god's sake. Does not get much more ideal than that, right? Well, not for poor Joseph, I don't think. And of course there is Mary Magdalene.
And what about the men? Men are supposed to be providers of financial support. They value stoic control, and are supposed to honor marriage commitments to the best of their ability. But they worry about being manipulated and controlled. They worry about her faithfulness. And where do we go from here? After waiting a moment, she stared down her glasses and said, Madame Bovary, of course.
The class restrained their groans.
In mid 19th century Europe, we can see the rising popularity and prominence of the scientific method. This is a time of scientific inventiveness and new discovery. There are new possible cures for illness and the rise of medical science. And there are people who want to hook onto this revolution for personal gain  bumpkins, phonies like Homais.
This is something that really gets under Flaubert's skin. He bemoans these phonies in government and in the church, and this is one of the reasons why he writes Madame Bovary. He wishes to create a social commentary. But this is also a time where the popularity of Romanticism is on the rise, and he saw the danger in such Romantic ideas. They gave hope to women, and that's dangerous, we don't want that.
So in regards to his purpose in attacking Romanticism, he posits several related hypotheses. 1) Romanticism is a disease, and it's contagious. 2) People who embrace Romanticism are consequently unable to think clearly. 3) Romanticism prevents a clear and objective view of self. 4) Romanticism leads to senseless dreaming and lack of self-action. 5) Romantic reading is dangerous to the human personality. 6) Romanticism had idealized adultery.
Then, in regards to his second purpose, in the creation of a social commentary, he 1) criticizes the tastes of the emerging middle class, 2) attacks representations of the class who give religion, government and science a better name, and 3) uses humor, manifested in parody, irony, comic juxtaposition and satire, to convey his critiques.
Ms. Wolf lifted her dry erase marker, capped it, and examined her handiwork on the board. It looked like a crop circle. And so after all of this mess of hypothesis and analysis, what can we conclude? She turned to the class and waited.
Joseph searched his hastily scribbled notes as they wound around the page, mashing together in a car wreck of intellectual madness. That this is all very complicated, he said, more to himself.
Yes, well, welcome to reality, Ms. Wolf said. Enjoy your stay while you're still here.
Joseph turned and looked through the window, into the muddled whiteness, gouged by boot and paw over the course of the night. It had snowed while he was sleeping, and he was pretty sure he strained his back shoveling the driveway in the morning. All those footprints in the backyard how did so many animals survive in that cold? What did they eat? Where did they sleep? How did they even keep warm?
He sighed and turned back to his computer. The screen was lit with magic and fire. He typed his username and password. Waiting. Waiting. We're sorry, the world server is currently offline. Please try again later. He grunted, waited a moment, and tried again. We're sorry, the world server is currently offline. Please try again later. He tried again. We're sorry, the-
Another day off, and another hour without Shadowcraft. The game's servers had been down for an eternity now, it was preposterous! This was happening every few weeks now, it was unacceptable. He was a paying customer! He had paid for the service of the game, and he expected to get what he paid for! Damn Snowstorm Entertainment bastards. Think they could just prance around with their treasure troves of gold, bathing in a sea of dollar bills while their servers rotted. What were there, some 12 million people paying them monthly to play? 5 million alone from China. They could do whatever the hell they wanted with that kind of money pouring in. He typed in his username and password, trying again. We're sorry, the- Joseph glowered.
So what was he supposed to do now? He was going to have to stab himself in the hand every time he asked himself that question from then on out, but the damn problem was always there. He was beginning to hate his days off. Perhaps he ought to just get a second job, so he could work all day and all night, and he'd never have to deal with the agony of not knowing what to do with his time. He could sleep in his car and pee in the bushes. Showers were overrated anyway. 
He opened up the vault, and browsed through. There was so much garbage he had accumulated over his time on the internet, it was staggering. If all that stuff had been physical, it would have filled up his room several times over. Nothing of interest. Just garbage, trash, filth, nothing of value, nothing to save him from his descent. 
But as he drifted through the folders, something caught his attention. Weirdworld, an interesting little game that he had long ago forgotten about. He used to play it on an older console, but his mom made him sell it at a garage sale, so now all he had was the bootleg ROM version. He loaded up the emulator software to play it on his computer. Why not? What else did he have to do? It was a complicated process, getting the emulation software to run properly. But after fiddling with the settings for a few minutes, he managed to get it running.
The screen went black, and in faded a sordid brown sky, thick with the fumes of an industrial empire. The jungle of steel, wire, piping, monolithic metal structures, standing high in the distance, pouring gaseous waste like a devil belching black breath. The shaking reverberations of machinery, urging the lines of assembly, breathing foul life into production as the sad faced, orange eyed, boney creatures labored on, their mouths sewn shut.
That's me, Aldous, the voice said, high and quavering. I was employee of the year. The thin creature with large bulbous eyes struggled against his bonds, a tattered loin cloth the only thing covering him.  Now, I'm dead meat.
He recalled the story in flashback, as he worked late, cleaning floors.
We used to make Meech Munchies, Aldous said, his eyes overwhelmed by the glowing sign, until the meeches were through. We still made Paramite Pies, and we made some good Scrab Cakes too, he said, rubbing his belly. I thought I had a good job.
He peeked into the corporate rooms, seeing the huddled officers, cursing, smoking.They were scared, cause profits were grim, the orange eyed creature said. Paramites and Scrabs were turning up thin. But they had a plan. They always had a plan. The new kind of meat? he said, his eyes opening wide as he spied the truth. It was us. The orange eyed creature stood quavering, terrified, the shrill fear coursing through his body.
I didn't know what to do. What could I do? I ran. Aldous sped through the foggy atmosphere of the factory, leaping across the assembly line.
Joseph watched as the screen took on a pixellated look, and he gained control of the orange eyed Aldous. He guided him through the metal alleyways, under harsh lights piercing gray darkness. The grimy masked guards followed, firing bestial blasts with their rifles, cutting him to shreds. Joseph cursed. It had been a long time since he had last played. 
This time, he jumped to avoid the guards, crept along quietly and, with his ancestral powers, took possession of one of the guards, shooting at the confused enemies. He released possession and the guard exploded. Quickly, he moved to liberate his enslaved brethren. The 2D graphics may have been outdated, yet still, it was a relatively meaningful experience, with relatively meaningful decision making.
He was just starting to get into it when he looked at the time and cursed; he was late for the dentist's. Joe shut his computer and grabbed his keys and wallet. He rushed downstairs and put on his shoes and grabbed his ugly fat coat, struggling to get it on as he slammed the door behind him. The cold hit him like a bully kicking him in the balls at recess. The muddy, ugly white covered everything around the neighborhood, including his car in the driveway. He cursed and opened his door, searching for his little wiping thing he saved for just such an occasion. Where did it go? It was right there on the floor the other night, he had seen it! He cursed some more, then frantically wiped away at the car with his arms in fury.
Joseph pulled out of the driveway and out of the cul-de-sac, the snow falling off the top of his car as he sped up. Where was he going again? Oh, right, the dentist's. He drove through the mud splattered snow pelted streets, his fingers already beginning to freeze. He turned up the heat, but he had long stopped believing it did anything. His car was held together with duct tape. The fact that it even turned on in that kind of bone tingling cold was a small miracle worthy of song and prayer.
As he got onto one of the main roads and joined his fellow bitter suburbanites in traffic, he thought about the purposes of such cold. What was the cold for? Why was it there? Was it so that you appreciated the weather more when it was warmer? But then it got too warm, hot even, and then you needed air conditioning to keep yourself cool. But what was the hot for? Why was it there? Was it so that you appreciated the weather more when it was cooler? But then it got too cool, cold even, and then you needed a heater to keep yourself warm. Of course, Joe had neither a functioning heater nor air conditioning in his car, so that meant he won? 
After fifteen minutes he pulled into a small strip mall type deal next to a gas station and parked in front of the dentist's office. It was a little store space next to an optometrist's office, next to a Mexican carnicera, next to a hair salon, next to a cell phone store, next to a who cares. He shut his car and got out. 
When he opened the door to the office, he was greeted by the sound of buzzing power tools and the smell of dentist. 
Okay, open wide. Open wide. Keep it open. Keep it open. Shit. That's not good.
Hold on a second, Joey, I'll be with you in a second, Vicky said from inside.
I told you to stop eating the god damn sopari! It's ruining your teeth!
Joseph looked through the glass door warily. He took out the dental insurance forms from his coat, already filled out by his mother, laying them on the counter as he waited his turn. The drilling stopped, and the man got off the chair, brushing himself off. He was an elderly looking gentlemen, with hollow eyes, deeply lined skin, a thick white beard, tied at the bottom, and a turban. He gargled something, then proceeded to open the glass door, pick up his coat, and exit.
Vicky stepped in across the counter. Hi Joey, she said smiling, picking up the forms. Ready?
Joseph nodded and stepped through the glass door. It was a clean white room, with two robotic chairs and an extendable light arm. There were tools, drawers, and all manner of white-blue-gray paraphernalia. He laid himself down on one of the chairs, feeling the plastic covering squeak against his palms. The heavy lead vest dropped upon his chest from the sky, and his mouth was open, something plastic placed in his mouth. He was told to bite. He bit. The raygun zapped. He opened his mouth. The plastic went on the other side. Another zap. The lead disappeared.
All right, Joseph, how you doin'? the man said in that vaguely harsh, forceful growl of his, the accent giving his words a strange staccato rhythm. 
All right, Joe said, watching as the doctor hovered over him.
So how is college? the doctor said, strapping on his gloves.
Great, Joseph said, I dropped out.
Oh really? How come?
It was stupid, Joe said. Awful school.
Well, good thing you figured that out your first year and not ten years after you graduated, you know what I'm sayin'?
Yeah, tell that to my mom.
Oh, don't worry about her. She still working at the firm?
Yeah.
God, being a paralegal, no thank you. Doing monkey work for a bunch of bloodsucking lawyers. I'd rather be a bloodsucking lawyer, you know what I mean? Don't tell your mother I said that. She scares me. Open wide.
Joseph opened his mouth and Dr. Bhatia appeared over him, a dental mirror in hand. As he inspected Joseph's dentition, he grunted in satisfaction. Yes, good, very good. Beautiful. Then the machinery began purring and whizzing and he felt the metal enter his mouth, as well as Mr. Thirsty, the vacuum. The metal scratched away at his enamel as Mr. Thirsty sucked up his saliva like a dirty little whore. Over the din of the machinery, Dr. Bhatia hummed to himself benignly, and all was well, but then he stopped abruptly. Shit, that's not good. Not a good sign. Vicky, we'll have to do a double exposure x-ray on those back molars.
After the cleaning, there was more plastic in his mouth, and another raygun zap. Joseph sat quietly as Dr. Bhatia muttered to himself in the background over the x-rays. You have a cavity, the doctor said.
Joseph reeled. What? He had never gotten a cavity before.
We'll remove the rotten gum now, and you'll have to come back in a few weeks. Open wide.
Joseph laid back down as the chair descended once more and Dr. Bhatia hovered over him with a long, thin needle. This'll only hurt a little bit. Joseph flinched as he felt the needlepoint go through his gums and retract. There was a strange taste in that part of his mouth as the tonic flushed through his gums.
Vicky, get me the gingiva scissors. That sounded pleasant. Reminded one vaguely of Marathon Man. Tell me if it hurts. At least he didn't ask, 'Is it safe?' 
Joseph felt something cutting away at his tissue, but there was no pain, as if it was just a bit of dead meat being torn from his mouth. That strange, bitterish taste was spreading. You can close. That was it? The robotic chair whirred and slowly elevated Joseph to a sitting position. 
So your tissue was going crazy. Something must have gotten stuck, so I had to cut away all that rotten gum, the doctor said. You'll have to come back in a couple weeks for me to fill the cavity, but I want to let the gums heal before I do anything. All right?
Okay, Joseph said, nodding. Is there anything else?
Yeah, you need to go get some hydrogen peroxide mouthwash and rinse after every meal.
Okay,
You have to be very thorough.
All right.
I mean it. Rinse like a motherfucker.
As Joseph stepped out of the office and into the suburban gray sun, he lapped at his mouth, trying to get rid of that foul chemical taste. He got into his car and pulled out, heading for home. Dammit, he had a cavity. That was stupid. He brushed and flossed regularly, after all. He'd need to pick up some hydrogen peroxide at some point. Blah. And he had to go back to the dentist again in a few weeks. The stuff of legend indeed.
And then he was back on the road again, driving through the stale, white, colorless heartland. He tried not to think about anything, as there was nothing to think about, and when he thought about things when there was nothing to think about, he usually ended up thinking about things that either had no purpose in being thought about or had too much violence and death to be good for his mental health.
It was another fifteen minutes before he pulled into the driveway. He shut his car, slammed the door, walked to the house door, fumbled for his keys, found them, struggled to open the damn door, and then opened it, and closed it on his way in. Then he unzipped his coat, took off his coat, hung his coat on the hanger, hung the hanger on the rod, but realized he had hung his coat facing in the opposite direction of the rest of the coats, and his mother hated that, so he took the coat out, rehung it on the hanger, and then rehung the hanger so the coat was now facing in the correct direction. And then he took off his shoes, but realized he had tracked in some snow onto the tile, and his mother hated wet tiles, so he put his shoes away, then got a paper towel and wiped the floor dry. Then he threw away the paper towel in the trash can. 
Joseph! Time to go! his father said, coming down the stairs.
Joseph stared blankly at his father, dressed in mossy green corduroy pants and a dark brown corduroy shirt, with a dark gray corduroy jacket, and a dark yellow corduroy scarf.
Time for a mission! his father said. Groceries!
Joseph glowered as he watched his father lace up his white corduroy shoes, which never seemed to get dirty per se, but instead became a moldier shade of gray every week. We have food, Joseph said.
Yes, but your Uncle Dave and Aunt Stacy are coming to dinner tonight.
Joseph felt his stomach turn inside out. The creeping sensation of buried memory crawling out of the dark corners of his mind wracked him suddenly and fitfully, as if he was triggered by circumstance into reliving untold horrors of the past.
Seriously? Joe said.
Yes, should be a rather jovial evening, don't you think? his father said, looking through the closet for his coat.
Is Ian coming? Joseph asked.
No, but Geoffrey shall be joining us, so you'll have someone to talk to.
Pig on a stick. Almost as bad.
Well, better get dressed, my boy! his father said, donning a blood red parka and Walter Matthau's hat from Grumpy Old Men. It's quite cold out, or so the television says.
Smoldering, Joseph grabbed his shoes, put them on, took his fat coat from the hanger and covered himself with it, then put the hanger back, and closed the cabinet door. He walked to the doorway and opened the door, cringing as he was buffeted by the ball-busting cold, and just as he was about to step out, realized his shoes had still been wet, and he had tracked melted snow water all over the tile, and that would upset his mother, and that would be really, really bad, doubly so seeing as they were having guests that night. So he shut the door because he didn't want to let the heat out (his mother always said not to let the cold in, but that was scientifically unsound, seeing as the cold didn't travel, the heat did, but arguing with his mother was kind of like arguing with a pitbull  right or wrong, it could cost you a testicle), and then took off his shoes on the doormat, and went to get another paper towel, but he ended up walking on some of the water and got his socks wet, and he yelped because it was really cold, and then he got a paper towel and wiped the floor, and debated whether he should change his socks or not, but he figured he should because it might be a while and wet socks in cold weather was really unpleasant, so he ran to his room and searched for socks, but couldn't find any, and he didn't want to keep his father waiting any longer, so he ran back down, put on his shoes, opened the door, felt his testicles retract from the cold, walked outside, and closed the door on his way out. And then locked it.
He saw his father sitting in Joseph's car. How the hell did he get in? Oh right, his locks didn't work. Then why did he lock his car every time he stepped out? Hell, why did he unlock it every time he needed to get in?
What took you so long? his father said.
Mom, Joseph said, turning his keys.
But your mother isn't home, his father said.
Where are we going? Joe said, driving out onto the main road.
Your club, his father said, attempting to turn on the radio with his mittens still on, pawing at the controls like an amputee.
Son of a bitch. Joseph just stared stoically ahead, fighting the urge to slam on the gas and wheel into a passing car for fun. After slapping away at the radio like a seal slapping his flipper, his father managed to get the radio turned on.
Dad, come on, I hate Christmas music. Christmas was over weeks ago.
Yes, but its spirit lives on!
After some time, Joseph saw in the distance the massive, sprawling lot that was his destiny. He pulled in and did his best to find a decent parking space, but the whole place was filled. Joseph eyed a nice spot to his right, but just as he made to turn, another car wheeled in from nowhere and took it. Damn vultures. He continued searching, but found nothing, so he went to the end of the lot and made to park in the back.
Oh come now, Joseph. You can do better than that. I believe in you!
Joseph looked over at his father with snake slit eyes. He continued searching for another spot, but finding none, returned to the back and parked. Another disappointment for his parents  just add it to the list.
They hiked across the parking lot towards the mammoth rectangle building. As they passed through the sliding glass doorway, he read the sign: Joe's Club  MASSIVE Savings! Yeah, more like 'Joe's Club  The Place To Go If You Fear Nuclear Winter! His father grabbed a cart and they filed inside.
As his father showed his membership card, Joseph watched as the massive warehouse stretched out before him across the horizon. There were hundreds of aisles, some hundreds of feet high, with thousands of shopping carts and thousands of bins and containers, all filled with shit. It was almost biblical.
And so the adventure begins, his father said. 
Joseph just followed as his father drove.
24 pack of toothpaste? Check, his father said, picking up a large plastic wrapped pack from the aisle.
Joseph hated the grocery store, but if that place was hell, then this was the ninth level.
24 pack of butter? Check.
Joseph watched as the people walked past, their carts bulging with material and substance, their bodies bulging with it even more.
36 pack of Crisco? Check.
Joseph took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes as the world grew fuzzy. The rows of white, blaring lights shining upon him from on high, the aisles of crackers and beans and cookies, oh the cookies and the cakes and the pizzas galore, the burgers the beef, the waffle mix, and more.
56 pack of canned pears? Check.
All these wonderful things, that we'll one day swallow whole. 
512 pack toilet paper? Check.
Dad, I'm not even going to be able to fit that in my car.
We'll strap it to the top. And now, some meat for the meatloaf.
Meatloaf? Again? Really?
Yes, that's what your mother wrote.
They made their way to the meat section, and Joseph waited as his father scouted out the best prices. Joseph felt the chill as he stood immersed in the aisles of refrigerated red. Hunks of fat laden bone, chunks of shriveled, indistinguishable flesh, a potpourri of tongues and feet and brain matter, all laid bare, and on sale. His father returned with the offerings, and they moved on from the macabre market.
And a jar of Baconaise, his father said. Can you believe it? Bacon combined with mayonaise! What will they think of next? He put it in the cart.
Baconaise. Why not eat it with a sausage wrapped in a pancake on a stick.
I love this place, don't you? his father said. So much savings. It's just practical, I always say, buying things bulk. We'll always need toothpaste, after all.
And butter. Joseph said. Always with the butter. All that food, must do something awful to the teeth, a lifetime of grinding and chewing and decay. Oh right, he needed some hydrogen peroxide.
After waiting in line and getting checked out, they loaded up the car and Joe pulled out of the lot, the toilet paper strapped to the top. The rest of the world would think they had some serious bowel problems.
Joseph had to turn on his lights, it was so dim. The midwest, land of darkness, where daylight in the winter time is a filtered fungal gray, and night falls at 3 oclock in the afternoon. What the hell Neil Gaiman was thinking living in Wisconsin, Joseph could never fathom. If Joe was a rockstar writer, he'd live in Hawaii. Or Wake Island, if being a rockstar writer turned out to be less glamorous than expected. Then again, maybe that's why Neil Gaiman lived in Wisconsin.
As he drove, he thought about nuclear apocalypse. He wondered what it would be like to see the world evaporate before his very eyes. It would only last a moment, certainly, but what would that moment be like? Nuclear war in the suburbs. There were all those post-apocalyptic movies and all that. But really, it's a pretty scary thing. The world had been living in the shadow of Hiroshima and Nagasaki for decades. After all, there were more nuclear weapons in the world to blow up the planet multiple times over. Not once, not twice, but And who knows the kind of people who've got their fingers on the button? Mutual assured destruction Oh Peter Sellers, how the world misses you. Dr. Strangelove was such a good movie. And the Pink Panther, totally classic. Not the new ones. The new ones sucked. The new ones always sucked. He remembered his art teacher in high school talking about how he did a series of drawings based on that one Pink Floyd Song. Two suns in the sunset. Could be the human race is run. It took them a good half hour to unpack the car.
Upon finishing, Joseph unzipped his jacket and hung it once more, hopefully for the final time that day. He took off his shoes and his still damp socks, seeing the soles of his feet wrinkly and bloated with absorbed water, like a fat old man's foot, melting like wax. He sighed, breathing deep, and sat on the staircase, exhausted.
Joseph! You've tracked water all over the tiles! Look at what you've done! Clean it up this instant!
Joseph stood at attention and quickly went for a paper towel. He should have seen that coming. His mother was in the kitchen already unpacking the food, beginning to cook. The beginning of the end.
What took you so long, anyway? I'm going to be late with the food now!
It was only about an hour, dear, his father said.
Well, it seemed like longer, his mother grumbled, hunting through the drawers and cabinets. Has anyone seen my big pot? I can't find it anywhere.
Which big pot, dear? The one with the pilgrims on it, or the one with the grapevine?
Philip, you shattered the one with the grapevine three years ago, remember?
Oh, that's right dear, I remember now.
His mother stood there, waiting. Well, where is it?
Where's what? his father asked.
You said you remembered? his mother said.
Yes, I do.
His mother frowned. So where is it?
Where's what?
The pot with the pilgrims on it!
Oh, I don't know.
His mother recoiled, seething. You just said you remembered!
Yes, I remembered shattering the pot with the grapevine on it three years ago. I have no idea where the pot with the pilgrims on it is.
Philip! Get out! Now!
Can do, dearest. I shall journey forth to the living room to watch some quality television programming, if anyone shall need me.
Joseph! Come here! Chop celery! Now!
Joseph breathed in deeply and moved to the kitchen counter. He took out the cutting board, washed the celery, and began chopping.
It's too chunky, Joseph! his mother said. Finely chopped! Finely chopped!
Joseph went back and chopped finer. All right, finely chopped, he said. What else?
What else, what else Joseph, how many times have you helped me make meatloaf over the course of your life? You know what the recipe calls for! Don't tell me you don't know! She glared at the meat on the counter, attempting to fry it then and there with her eyes. Onions, Joseph! Chop some onions!
How much?
You know how much!
Joseph went to the pantry and took out a couple onions, then began chopping them, weepy eyed. He always got sad chopping onions. He could feel their pain.
Mix the onions with the celery and put it in that bowl over there. Now add some vinegar, some butter, some Crisco, some canned pears, some toothpaste-
Wait, wait what? Joseph said.
It's the secret ingredient! Adds that little bit of tang, and frothiness, have I taught you nothing?
Joe looked at the counter, and felt his stomach churn. He could feel the pain coursing through his neck, and he knew the end was nigh. As he picked up the empty bowl, however, suddenly his hand was light, and the shattering cascade of reality breaking apart in nuclear oblivion heard round the world, along with its reverberations.
Silence.
JOSEPH BARTHOLEMEW ANDERSON, GET OUT OF MY KITCHEN NOW!
Joseph hung his head in shame, and tiptoed around the shattered bits of bowl. I'm sorry mo-
I SAID GET OUT! GO TO YOUR ROOM! NOW!
He walked away slowly up the stairs as his mother went for a broom, cursing loudly, without swearing. He made his way to his room and shut the door quietly, then laid down on the bed gently. He had had that bed ever since he was a child. It was a small twin bunk bed, the top bed long removed, not nearly big enough for him anymore, and the mattress was rather uncomfortable to boot, but he had gotten used to it a long time ago. His head on the pillow, he looked up at the ceiling, and smiled. Works every time. There were only so many breakable bowls in the cabinet, though, and it was not like his parents would ever buy new dishware, so he had to pace himself, dropping a bomb only in the direst of situations. However, in this case, the UN International Court of Justice would surely agree that it had been clearly warranted.
Now what? He could do something productive, but why? He closed his eyes, trying to block out the din of the battle his mother was fighting in the kitchen down below, and thought of happier times. The black of his eyelids faded, to green pastures, warm hills, the ebb and flow of a beautiful idyllic landscape undulating across his consciousness. It grew warmer, the sun shining, rising high into the sky. But the sun had already set. The shattering of a bowl.
He woke up to a knocking at his door. How long had he been asleep? He felt horrible, his head swimming. He got up and opened the door, seeing his father in the hallway, wearing a mottled brown dinner jacket, over a puce knit vest, over a white collared shirt with a tie. Your mother wants you. And then he was gone. The man could sense tension just as well as Joseph, if not even more ably so. He was a bit of ninja, really. He seemed like a bit of an old man at times, but when the countdown timer was ticking, he knew all the ways out of the fallout radius like a VC knew the ways out of the bomb-laced tunnels.
Joseph tip toed out of his room, and slowly walked down the stairs, searching for signs of military police.
Joseph, your uncle Dave will be here any minute now. Go put on that sweater Aunt Stacy bought you for Christmas.
What? Are you insa- Joseph saw his mother shoot her eyes up at him. They were bloodshot, and her irises were black as the devil's. Yes. I will, Joseph said, abruptly doing an about face and doing his best not to look like he was fleeing, while still indeed proceeding to flee.
A moment later he was back downstairs in the kitchen.
See? You look adorable, his mother said.
Joseph looked down to the knit V-neck sweater wrapping itself around his chest like a living parasite. It was colored bright blue, dark green, pale yellow, dark blue, pale orange, with bits of red spattered around for good measure. There was a snowman, its face smiling in ecstasy as the sun beat upon him from on high, punishing him for some unspoken transgression (the sun was also smiling). There was Snoopy, smiling wanly, looking as if he wished to slay himself the next moment and put his misery to an end. There were snowflakes and Santa, who seemed to be holding up a wreathe with jingling bells, but looked at first glance as if he were raping a small child. There were reindeer, with legs that looked like wooden battering rams, used to liquefy small rodents by smashing them to bits, and with large curving teeth used to slice them up and strip the flesh from their bones in hunger. There was Mickey Mouse, who smiled and held his thumb up next to Jesus, who also smiled and held his thumb up while being sodomized by the golden Transylvanian point of a smiling Christmas tree. It looked like an elf had eaten popsicles and vomited the mixture of liquid popsicle and elfen stomach juices onto his sweater. It looked like what would happen if god sinned. It looked like beelzebub's gift to man. It looked like a Coca-Cola product. It was a disease, a mind sickness, a Hallmark nightmare made manifest in all its cliche ridden agonizing world polluting reality rending profane hellspawn filth. It was the rape of all that man held sacred. It was the symbol of a martyr.
It looks wonderful on you, Joey, and you'll make your Aunt Stacy so happy.
I look like a pink nightmare, Joe said, between clenched teeth.
There's no pink in that sweater, I don't know what you're talking about. Now go find your father, the guests will be here any minute. And make sure Garfield is stowed away, so he can't pee on anyone.
Joseph walked to the living room, not bothering to look for his father, who was undoubtedly watching from the shadows. He saw the cat on the sofa, its fat spread across the fabric like pudding, its tongue lolling out. Joseph picked the heavy creature up, struggling to hold onto it. The fat rolled between his fingers like liquefied meat, and he juggled the creature upstairs to the attic, where they usually kept him when guests were coming over. It was a bit cruel, certainly, and Joseph used to feel bad about it, but the cat had long since lost any sense of awareness of its surroundings, so it really didn't much matter. He pulled down the hatch from the ceiling and walked up the ladder to the attic, but upon standing in the darkness, he yelped.
Jesus, dad, what the hell are you doing up here? Joseph said.
On a pile of old board games and toys, his father sat, a spectral figure, barely visible. Oh, you know how your mother is before guests arrive. Best to stay out of the way.
At first, Joseph meant to say something, but, on second thought, the man was dead right. The attic was indeed out of the projected fallout radius, and it was warmer than going outside. Now, Joseph would've gone to the garage, which might have gotten him out of ground zero, but would have left him with leukemia at the very least. Instead, Joseph nodded and made to leave, shutting the hatch on the way down.
He hadn't touched ground for a moment before hearing the unmistakable ringing of his deathknell. 
Joseph, will you get the door? his mother shouted.
Joseph straightened up his sweater and walked down the stairs. He stood at attention at the door and breathed deeply, cleansing himself of fear to the best of his ability. He imagined the waters of the English Channel battering the sides of the landing craft in which he awaited judgment. The warriors around him tried to stifle their terror, touched the points of the cross on their chests. Then the whistle blew, and the door opened, and there they were, the bullets screaming past, cutting into the body with barbaric force.
Joseph, hello! How are you dear? I see you liked the sweater!
OVER THE SIDE, Tom Hanks yelled. OVER THE SIDE!
Hi Aunt Stacy, Joseph said, trying to keep the smile plastered on his face as the strange woman moved to give him a hug. Think fast  minimal contact. She smelled like gunpowder and dead babies. Dear god, Normandy just wasn't worth it.
Hey there, slugger! the six foot man behind her said. Man, that sweater's really workin' for ya!
Hi Uncle Dave, Joseph said, shaking his gargantuan hand, feeling his own bones being ground into dust.
Behind stood a slim young man, dressed smartly, his eyes humorless, his face made of stone.
Hi Geoffrey, Joseph said, holding out his hand. Geoffrey just stared. Then he looked at the sweater. And smirked ever so slightly. It was what might possibly be recorded as the most evil smirk ever. Geoffrey walked past and shut the door. Joseph lowered his hand,
I see you still have the Christmas lights up, Aunt Stacy said.
Yeah, my dad hasn't gotten around to taking them down yet, Joseph said as the others wandered around, taking off their coats and their shoes.
Oh, I love Christmas lights, Aunt Stacy said. I'm always so sad when we have to take them down. Leave them up the whole year, I say! Makes the neighborhood so festive and colorful! Not as colorful as a nuclear hellscape. Or his sweater.
David, Stacy, how are you? his father said, coming down from the stairs, smiling.
Philip, oh, it's been so long! Aunt Stacy said.
Phil, how are you! Put 'er there! Uncle Dave said.
The father was a prudent specimen. Makes his entry after Joseph takes the initial shots and softens them up, but before nuclear showdown. The guy who went first always got shot, of course, and the guy who went after the bomb went off was just asking for radiation poisoning and subsequent sterility.
The relatives talked, Joseph watched. He wasn't paying attention to what they were saying; the words were irrelevant. He was just waiting for Fat Man and Little Boy. They smiled, they spoke, they laughed, except for Geoffrey, who stood there, like a silent scarecrow, watching, just like Joseph. The little bastard knew what was up, didn't he? Just as Joseph was surveying and gathering intel, plotting avenues of attack and escape, so was Geoffrey, though on the other side of the trenches.
And then it happened.
Grace, dear, how are you? We haven't seen you in so long! Aunt Stacy said.
His mother came in, smiling, and hugged Aunt Stacy. To the average observer, it would have seemed like a nice family get together, but Joseph knew the truth.
Would you like to play a game of thermonuclear war?
Geoffrey stared at him from across the Bering Strait, his beady little eyes squinting, plotting Joseph's death. Fucking Russians.
Defcon 5.
Sorry we couldn't make it for Christmas, Grace dear, Aunt Stacy said. We were in Tahiti.
Defcon 4. Jesus, that was quick.
Oh, that's all right, his mother said. We had a quiet Christmas alone.
Yes, quiet, like on the Western Front. Joseph kept his eyes peeled.
They sat down in the living room, and began entrenchment.
So how was the drive? his father said.
Oh, not too bad, Uncle Dave said. Lots of construction on the highway, but not too bad. A pretty long drive, though, 'specially in the winter.
Oh, yes, I know the feeling, his father said. Driving during the winter can be such a headache. That's why we make Joseph drive for us.
Yeah, he's young, he can handle the stress, Uncle Dave said. So what kind of car you driving there, Joe?
A coffin. An old one, Joe said.
Uncle Dave laughed in that resonant 'yuk-yuk' way of his. Yeah, so long as it runs, all that matters. I'm drivin' a-
Joseph looked over to see his mother nodding amicably as Aunt Stacy spoke to her. It was like watching a dog play with a grenade  the best that could happen was nothing.
So how's work treating you, Dave? his father said.
Uncle Dave laughed. You know how it is at hospitals. I'm a supervisor at the pharmacy now, and, man, let me tell ya, it's brutal.
I can imagine, his father said. Awfully stressful work. I know the feeling. Just not worth it in the long run.
Yeah, but awfully worth it in the short, right? Uncle Dave said, laughing, slapping his father's back. Uncle Dave laughed a lot. So what you up to these days, Phil? Haven't heard from you in a while.
Oh, I'm working at a hospital as well, actually, Philip said.
Really, Philip? Aunt Stacy said, peeling away from her conversation like an air superiority fighter making an attack of opportunity. I didn't know you had a medical degree too?
Oh, no, I'm just a ja-
Custodial technician, his mother said. Was that a Defcon 3? Hard to say. Keep it at 4 for now, but heightened alert. Notify headquarters, and prepare to change radio call signs to classified codes if need be.
Anyway, Stacy, how's your new book coming along? his mother said.
Oh, just swell! Aunt Stacy said. My last book, Struggling With Sin  A Teenager's Guide to Abstinence, did really well! On my last book tour, I got really good response from the young folk all across the country. You know, you always think the young folk are so out of control and promiscuous these days, but the truth is, there are plenty of decent young boys and girls really looking to lead good, honorable, decent lives, and are constantly trying to find new ways to let god into their lives!
For all her volatility, Joseph had to admit, his mother was a brilliant tactician.
So I spent a lot of time interviewing teenagers at high schools, and for my next book, I'm really going to focus on homosexuality, Aunt Stacy said.
Really? his mother asked, almost even amused. Defcon 4 indeed. At ease men, at ease.
I tried not to think about it for all these years, Aunt Stacy said, but this gay marriage situation has gotten out of hand. It's ruining the family unit in our society. And mark my words, it will be responsible for the downfall of civilization. The people that have already fallen into the devil's hands are lost. But in all my book tours, I've found that the young folk are still willing to listen. The only way to solve this is to kill it in the young folk before it can spread further.
Everyone sat and nodded.
I mean, it's so sad, Aunt Stacy said, to see so many young people suffering like this. They don't know what to do with their sexuality. I don't blame them at all. They aren't any different than people who struggle with alcohol or drugs or normal sexual impulses. I feel like I can really do some good and help them with their struggle to lead good lives. I'm going to call it, 'Opening Your Heart  A Young Person's Guide to Dealing With the Sickness.' What do you think?
His mother rolled her head to the side on the couch. Sounds like a bestseller.
Thank you, Aunt Stacy said. It's so good to find a real honorable path in your life. With my writing, I feel like I can make a genuine, positive impact on real people's lives. But anyway, what about you, Grace, dear? How's work at the firm?
It's fine, his mother said. Hard work, lots of overtime. Several high profile cases right now, so I spend a lot of time at the office these days.
Oh, that's too bad, Aunt Stacy said. At least you're keeping busy, she said. Idle hands are the devil's tools, so they say. But that might be pushing it a bit far.
I'm sure you kept busy in Tahiti, his mother said.
Joseph's ears drifted back to the male conversation.
Oh, da Bulls, now, they're not doing too hot, Uncle Dave said. But neither are da Bears. But then the Cubbies are in trouble too. And the Sox? Don't even get me started 
Yes, quite, his father said.
All was quiet. Keep it quiet. Joseph breathed a bit easier. The relatives chatted away. It was hard to think that they shared any blood. Uncle Dave was his father's brother, but it seemed like a mathematical impossibility, judging by the two sitting next to each other. His father was gray haired, but full haired, probably five and a half feet tall, and diminutive. In that dinner jacket and puce vest, he looked almost like a college professor, really, whereas Uncle Dave was full bodied and giant, with a mustache and balding black hair, the younger of the two.
Oh, Geoffrey's taking a semester off, Aunt Stacy said. Harvard Business School can't handle him for too many months straight. He's going on a tour of Europe with some friends.
Oh, that's fun, his mother said.
Nothing huge, Aunt Stacy said, Just a small couple month trip. Oh, did you see our new car? David, show them our new car! Come on, we can leave the young people to talk amongst themselves.
The adults filed outside like cattle to inspect the new vehicle, and within moments, Joseph was left alone in the living room with Geoffrey. Keep the peace. Evasive action. Do not fire unless fired upon, and even then, best just to shut the hell up.
Geoffrey glared at him from across the room, his hair slick, wearing black pants, a deep black silken shirt with purple accents. Joseph glared back, fully conscious of the abomination he wore upon his own chest.
So, Geoffrey Joseph said.
The man blinked, but otherwise remained unperturbed.
How's Harvard Business School?
His silence was a peculiar brand, frosty, bitter the kind that made you feel ashamed for no good reason.
You liking your classes?
Geoffrey looked at him with keen, unfaltering eyes.
What do you do there, exactly?
The man was a statue, unwavering, cut out of the earth by the hand of his own mother's god. He sat upon his throne, a highlander, rising above the heavens, knowing the earth, knowing the people, knowing the ways of the world. The power surged through his body, yet he was still, and subdued it to his will. And from his eyes, it cut through Joseph's Jesus with the precision of a superhero's lasers.
So how 'bout those Bears?
The adults poured back in, frozen stiff, and so the preliminary skirmish ended.
Dinner should be ready, his mother said. And so the real battle began.
They took their seats around the table, and Joseph helped his mother bring in the food.
Holy Jesus! Joe said, running to place the scalding hot pot on the table.
Now Joseph, Aunt Stacy said, mustn't use the lord's name in vain.
Joe flexed the red pads of his hands. Um, holy Moses?
Aunt Stacy nodded. That's fine  nobody cares about Moses. Are those mashed potatoes? Oh, Grace, I love your mashed potatoes!
I know you do, his mother said. Made them especially for you, dear. That meant they were poisoned. Alert the troops: do not, repeat, do not eat the mashed potatoes!
Uncle Dave opened up the pilgrim pot and squealed. Ooh, meatloaf, my favorite!
They proceeded to ladle out the food onto their plates and commenced eating.
Mmm, Uncle Dave said. This is delicious. But Phil, you wouldn't happen to have any Baconnaise, by any chance?
Why, it's funny that you should mention it, his father said, getting up, seeing as I had the foresight to pick some up this very afternoon.
I love my meatloaf with Baconnaise, Uncle Dave said. Oh, it's regular? I was hoping for Baconnaise light  I'm on a diet. Oh well, a little bit of regular won't kill me, now, will it? He lathered the thick substance onto his plate.
As they ate, they mumbled niceties to one another. They chewed, they swallowed, and Joseph followed suit, but always with an eye raised up, not unlike an animal expecting a tiger in the bushes. Keep your eyes peeled, boys, keep your eyes peeled. It was only a matter of time before the volleys were fired in earnest.
So, I have some exciting news to share with you tonight, Aunt Stacy said, putting down her fork. We just found out the other day. Dorothy's going to have twins!
Oh, that's wonderful! his mother said.
Excellent, congratulations, his father said.
Yes, it was such a surprise, you should have seen the look on Ian's face, it was adorable! Aunt Stacy said. Oh, my big boy, going to be a daddy. The years go so fast, don't they?
They do, his mother said.
Joseph would have begged to differ, but his mouth was filled with liquefied flesh.
They're going to have to change all their plans. They had set up the baby's room expecting only one little bundle of joy, but now they're going to have to get another crib, and prepare themselves for double the trouble!
Joseph saw that expression on his mother's face. He could see that perpetual scowl slowly deepen in intensity. Defcon 3?
Dorothy's already prepared for maternity leave from the hospital, Aunt Stacy said. And Ian's going to have to take a longer paternity leave as well. I feel so bad for the hospital  losing two good doctors.
Joseph's mother chewed her meatloaf slowly. Her face was empty, but the tick in her brow told the tale well. Man the stations. Change the call signs. Defcon 3.
So Joseph, Aunt Stacy said. We haven't heard from you all evening. What have you been up to?
From across the table, Geoffrey peered at him, expressionless, yet clearly attentive. The cunning Ruski bastard. Joseph looked to his mother. She stared at her plate, as if hoping for the best, knowing that the Soviets had hit her where it hurt  in Cuba.
Joseph swallowed, readjusting his sweater. Oh, I'm fine. He quickly cut off a piece of meatloaf.
Yes, but how are you liking Ol' Glory? Aunt Stacy said. It's such a quaint institution, after all.
Joseph chewed, even though the food was already liquid in his mouth. His fleet had been caught in the Arctic seas, and the Soviet bombers were about to demolish them. There was no surrender. There were no negotiations. There was only death.
Actually, I didn't feel the school was the right place for me, so I decided to withdraw, Joseph said.
What? You dropped out? Aunt Stacy said. What are you doing now?
Oh, I work, Joseph said. Mayday, mayday, mayday, the fighter squadrons radioed in. We're going down.
Where do you work? Aunt Stacy said.
They've got us where they want us. The knives're at our throats. We who are about to die, salute you. Oakwood Hobbies and Toys. They will be remembered. By god, they will not have died in vain!
Oh, Aunt Stacy said.
Geoffrey watched from across the trenches, watched as Joseph's men were slaughtered by the machine gun fire, falling into rivers of gas, taken to their maker. Geoffrey watched, not having had to fire a single bullet.
So what are your future plans? Aunt Stacy asked,
Oh, I don't know Joseph said, unable to stall for time.
Come on, you must have some idea. The withered witch of a woman looked upon him, eager to eat his bullet riddled flesh.
Joseph played with the blood of his meatloaf, staring into the reflection of his plate. Well, I guess I want to be a writer.
Oh, like a newspaper writer, or a technical writer? Aunt Stacy said.
No, Joseph said with a weighty sigh. Fiction. I'd rather write fiction.
Aunt Stacy smirked, tilting her head like he was five years old and just told her he wanted to be an astronaut. Well, that's cute. But certainly, you're not getting any younger. And eventually you'll have to get a job doing real work. You're not going to live with your parents forever I hope.
But he didn't have to worry about that last part. Considering the life expectancy of that household under war-time conditions, like Sniper Alley, he had the feeling he'd only last a little while longer. Joseph turned to his mother. She looked into her meatloaf with the hollow eyes of a mother standing vigil over her son's grave her son, not good enough to get into Arlington.
Defcon 2.
So how about Marcus? Aunt Stacy said. But at this point, everyone was dying, their limbs torn to shreds by razorpoint rounds, their bodies falling in slow motion. Uncle Dave chewed and laughed, his father sipped his glass nervously, but for all intents and purposes, at ease. Yet it was a season of war, and the angels cried in sorrow as the children of god fell to their brothers' vengeance, the rest of humanity miles away, oblivious.
He's fine, still in LA, his mother said.
And what's he doing? Aunt Stacy said.
How about some more mashed potatoes? his father said, deploying his final reserves.
Mmm, yes, please, Aunt Stacy said. She lapped at her spoon, scooping up the buttery thick substance and licking the metal clean. And what about Jennifer?
This is it, men. This is what we've been waiting for our whole lives.
What about her? his mother said.
A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day. An hour of woes and shattered shields, when the age of men comes crashing down! But it is not this day! This day we fight! By all that you hold dear on this good Earth, I bid you stand, Men of the West!
We've been hearing rumors, Aunt Stacy said. Joseph's eyes shot up. He looked to his father, whose expression, recently so contained and composed, had morphed into something dire, like Pompey watching as his cavalry broke at Pharsalus. His father was like a coal miner's canary, and right now, he was dead.
What rumors? his mother said, her voice barely above a whisper.
The wartorn skies parted, and the Luftwaffe streaked across the heavens.
It's not right for a daughter to just up and disappear like that.
The French Resistance stood against the bombed out buildings, watching as their homeland burned.
What rumors?
We shall fight on the seas and oceans, whatever the cost may be.
Oh, nothing Just things I've heard from some of my friends at church.
We shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets.
What things?
We shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender.
Sinful things.
DEFCON 1. DEFCON 1. THE SUBMARINES. THE SUBMARINES. THEY'RE IN THE GULF OF MEXICO. OH MY GOD WE'RE ALL GOING TO DIE.
But I'm sure they're just exaggerations. You know how gossip can be.
Joseph turned to his mother, and through the smoky haze of ravaged earth and sky, he awaited the fate of his world.
Yes, of course, his mother said.
Defcon 2, Defcon 2, submarines going down Lord have mercy on our souls
It stayed at Defcon 2 the rest of the evening, and when they left that night, Joseph knew that the battle was over, but the bomb was still ticking, so it was with trepidation that he closed the door behind them.
He looked around, and surveyed the aftermath of the conflict. Soldiers lay dead and dying in puddles of mashed potatoes. The smoldering remnants of his fleets lay buried beneath the seas of gravy. His air forces, all wiped from the sky like flies trapped in meatloaf juices, sucked in as if by quicksand. The world was a no man's land, with corpses and blood and stained dishes.
His father had disappeared. Probably in the attic. Joseph really ought to have followed. Then again, he probably locked the hatch. As Joseph turned the corner, into the kitchen, he saw his mother sitting at the counter, staring into oblivion. He approached slowly, quietly no sudden movements.
His mother looked over to him, her face seething red, her mouth curled into a brutal snarl. So this was it. This was how it ended. Goodbye, men. It's been an honor serving you.
But just when he expected the bomb to blow, his mother's face drooped, the fire in her eyes died, and she just sort of defused. 
Think you can clean up, Joey? she said. I'm not feeling too well.
Joseph just nodded in stupor, and she was gone. Well, that was unexpected. It was like the MIRV released its payload, and he saw the missiles hit the ground, and yet all of them were duds. He just started rinsing dishes and loading the dishwasher. Deal with the dead first and thank the gods later.
After cleaning up to the best of his ability, he went upstairs to the attic. No father in sight. He picked up the cat and juggled the gelatinous creature downstairs. There, on the floor, was a jar of Baconnaise, spilling its contents onto the tile. Dammit, he hadn't noticed it. He put the cat down and went to get a mop, but saw Garfield lurch to the crash site in demented stupor, beginning to lick the puddle of filth like an already drunk junkie. Joseph sighed, and unbuttoned his sweater. Well, that was one way to clean the floor. He went upstairs to his room and threw the infidel sweater with vengeance.
As he booted up his computer, he thought about the damage report of the battle. Many dead. Many more wounded. Incalculable losses. Flirting with Armageddon. Could've been worse. And besides, it was just a battle, after all, in the war that was life. Or the life that was war. Or the whatever. You know what the evening was really like? It was like the American version of Keeping Up Appearances. His mother was the insane old woman, and his father was the old man along for the ride. At least she never made him pretend to have gout. Except that one time.
He should probably be getting to bed; it had been a rough day. It seemed his days off were even worse than his normal work days. But he wasn't sleepy. If he went to bed now, he would just end up lying awake for four hours before eventually passing out, and usually those hours before sleep were when he went most insane.
He opened up the word processor and stared at that white void. He would slap his keyboard for a few hours and then pass out. He felt some dire force coiled inside of him, wanting to get out, but he had little idea what would happen. At the very least, it was something to do, he supposed, instead of wasting time sleeping.

The wilderness was thick with the smell of malice. The skeleton trees hungered for something substantial to sink their talons into, and the ghostly fog enshrouded their dark intentions. This was wild country, far from the prying eyes of civilized soldiers, and this was where men like Smithe and Wollander made their meals.
Oi! Where you think you're going, you little runt-faced-scum-bag?
Where do you think I'm going, giant's-dick? East! Where do you think you're going?
Where do you think I'm going, goblin-pubes? East!
That's not east, this is!
No, that's not east, this is!
Smithe spat. The way you're pointing is west!
No it's not! Wollander said, his face growing red.
Listen treetop, we've been following your directions for three hours now, and I can tell you for damn sure that I've seen that bloody damn tree precisely three times already!
Wollander balked. Really? Maybe that's because all the trees are the same, pea-brain-piss-weed!
Not that that one! Smithe said, swinging his arms wildly.
Oh yeah? What's so special about that one?
It's short, crooked and bent, just like your-
Shut up, Wollander said, turning. I heard something.
You're always hearing something, Smithe said. Maybe it's because, I don't know, you have ears!
Shut the hell up, Geoffrey, Wollander said. We're not alone.
How could we be alone, if we're together, Ian buttface
You're out of insults, shut up, Wollander said, drawing his blade. He readjusted his skullcap and took a look around the silent trees surrounding, trying to penetrate the shroud. Arm yourself, Geoffrey, he said.
For once, Smithe did as he was told, drawing an arrow from his quiver to his bow. He looked in the opposite direction, his eyes searching for impending doom. Might just be a cougar, he said, his voice hushed.
Just a cougar? Wollander whispered. You know, you could have said something like 'might just be a squirrel.'
What's the damn difference? Did you see that?
What's the difference, are you kidding me? One of them could gut us, and the other couldn't. Maybe that's a difference worthy of note.
Smithe raised his bow in the direction he suspected movement. Then, a moment later, he let loose. The shaft split the air and seemed to strike something. There was a collision with the dirt, and then nothing.
Wollander stalked to the location, opposite Smithe, and they made past the thick bush in tandem. With his longsword, Wollander pushed aside the foliage to reveal a body, bloodied, his soft pale hair spoiled by the dirt.
Well, I'll be a monkey's father's brother's nephew's cousin's former roommate, Wollander said, parting the hair with his blade.
You said it, not me, Smithe said. So we finally got him?
Yep, Wollander said. Kind of anticlimactic, isn't it?
Yeah, I was hoping for something more dramatic, Smithe said, pulling out the shaft from the body. But as he did so, the body faded, and disappeared.
Hi there, a voice growled from behind.
The blade went clean through Ian's chainmail and through his belly and backside. Geoffrey managed to get a knife out, but it fell to the dirt as he reached for his throat, sealing the cut of blood as it dripped over his fingertips. A dark boot connected with his chest and he was on the ground, rolling, till the boot pressed down once again, and he was gutted.
The shadowy assailant kicked Geoffrey's body over, and he wiped his blade on the corpse.

The water was darkish, but crystal. She drank from the stream with cupped hands, letting the water trail down her lips. The water lapped gently against the stone banks, gurgling quietly. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand.
This water's disgusting, she said.
He looked into the forest, disquieted. Yeah, well, better than dying of thirst, he said, out of hand.
I mean, it's got all sorts of little things in it. Unsanitary.
Well, purify it then, Gideon said, snapping his eyes away from the treeline. Use your sorcerly ways to make it to your tastes, he said wiggling his fingers.
It doesn't work like that, you yeoman, Gwendolyn said. My brand of sorcery is one of the most complex, sophisticated, arcane languages in the universe.
Can it make your drinking water clean? Gideon said.
No, but it can make your small parts explode in a shower of agony.
Gideon stooped down to drink from the stream. Why must you assume they're small?
He let his eyes search idly as he let the water trickle down his throat. The fog was thick, and it was difficult make out forms in the distance. On the plus side, it made them more invisible. On the minus side, it made lurking beasts more invisible as well. In fact, he remembered wandering the Wake's End cemeteries as a boy on days such as this. It made the lands feel sacred. That was then, though, and that was there. Here and now it just made the place eerie as hell.
It's a shame Khalid couldn't come with us, Gwendolyn said.
Yeah, a real shame, Gideon said, getting up.
Do I detect a note of jealousy in your voice? Gwendolyn said.
Don't provoke me.
How could I provoke you if there was nothing there to provoke?
How could I tell you to shut up if you weren't my sister? Come on, we've wasted enough time.
They traveled on horseback through the cemetery-forest uneasily. The trees converging above formed the ceiling of the living mausoleum they now passed through. Roots erupted from the forest floor, as if the earth were not enough. The leaves lay scattered and crumbling, and crunched as the horses smashed them with their hooves, despite their best efforts to tread lightly.
So how did you handle old Heff's death? Gideon asked.
Well enough, she said. As well as one could expect.
Gideon parted some brush as he let his sister pass through. Have you ever seen someone killed before?
Gwendolyn hesitated. No, not quite.
Old Heff wasn't so bad, Gideon said. He got stabbed through the back, went quick.
That's an awfully cold way of looking at things, don't you think?
Gideon stopped his horse as a shriek pierced the fog, but it was only the cry of a bird. Could've been worse, he said, resuming his pace warily. I once saw a guy get mauled in the bare head with a flanged mace. Took him three days to die.
How barbaric, Gwendolyn said.
Yeah, well Welcome to the world outside the academy. Enjoy your stay while you're here.
Gwendolyn stopped behind him, furious. You think I spend my days at the academy just lounging about, living the easy life?
Of course not, Gideon said, looking over his shoulder. You work hard.
I'll have you know that just because I haven't regularly witnessed people stab each other to death doesn't mean I'm somehow sheltered or less mature. On the contrary, I think being part of a stratified class devoted solely to killing things for money is far more indicative of a level of immaturity. After all, the mature settle their differences like civilized people, not like barbarians with knives and blades.
Whatever, sister, whatever, Gideon said. I think I see the cabin, come on.
They walked forward and as the misty folds unraveled, a solid small cabin appeared before them. It was wooden, with the sides clearly weathered over the course of years.
Are you sure? Gwendolyn said, peering ahead, uneasy.
How many wooden cabins are we likely to find out here in the wilderness? Gideon said.
Upon dismounting, he approached the door and made to knock, but stopped at the last second. He unsheathed his knife with his other hand and then proceeded to knock in earnest. However, there was no answer. He tried again. Still nothing. He shrugged and kicked the door, but cursed as the solid thing stood unbudged. His sister stifled a laugh.
You think you can do better? Gideon said.
Gwendolyn moved to the door and turned the handle. Gideon glowered.
The cabin was dark, with no windows and a distinct dry musty odor found in buildings long since sealed and abandoned. Gwendolyn spoke to herself and the room was lit with a dim glow, from a ball of amber light floating in her palm. 
I guess you are a useful lass to have around, Gideon said, looking through the small room.
Yeah, I can summon light, and open doors, she said.
There was a simple rug on the coarse wood floor, a small table and a couple chairs, a bed and some cabinets; all in all, an austere affair. It looked old, as if it hadn't been inhabited in a long time.
Gwendolyn blew the small ball of light from her hand and it floated to the ceiling.
Nice little trick, Gideon said.
I think we should stay here tonight. I call the bed.
I call the  dammit, Gideon said. Fine, I'll go tie the horses.
Gwendolyn laid down her pack and stretched herself on the bed, laughing in victory.
As he stepped out into clean air, he breathed easier. That cabin smelled like something awful. He tied the horses to the fence and took another good look at the surrounding landscape, though he could see little more than the thick folds of fog.
It was strange, receiving that note from that wanderer. It had said to meet the governor's agent at what he could only assume was that particular cabin in question. Normally Gideon would have assumed it to be a ploy, but it had clearly born the governor's seal. What made him uneasy was the fact that they could have been so easily tracked.
There was a scream from the cabin, distinctly human. Gideon rushed in and saw his sister scrambling to get behind him. The cabinet door was open, and on the floor were two slumped bodies, and even in that dim amber light, it was obvious that the blood was still fresh.
Damn it, Gideon! Gwendolyn said, gripping his shoulder from behind.
What are you blaming me for? Gideon said. What happened?
What happened? Gwendolyn said. I opened the cabinet door and two bodies fell onto me, that's what! What the hell are you doing to me, Gideon?
I'm not doing anything! I didn't kill them. Gideon approached them tentatively, stooping down to check them out. Yeah, these are fresh kills all right. Only a few hours dead.
Who are they?
I don't know. Probably mercenaries, bounty hunters or something. They're armed and armored. Whoever stowed them didn't bother to loot their bodies, so it wasn't bandits or anything. Would have much preferred it was.
I don't like this, Gideon. Let's get out of here.
Let me check out their bodies, Gideon said, shuffling through their clothing and belongings.
Dear god, Gideon! They've just been murdered! Have some decency! And whoever killed them can't be far away. We need to get out of here now!
Hold on, Gideon said. He found amongst their belongings some trinkets, knives, biscuits, dried meat, nothing much of interest. Except Hold on. What do we have here?
What?
Gideon found around the thin one's neck a chain amulet, of a design he hadn't seen before. He looked to the taller one, and found the same. You know what these things are? Gideon said, holding them up to the light. They've both got one apiece. Never seen anything like it before.
Gwendolyn came forward, hesitantly. She picked up the amulets and examined. Oh wow, she said.
What?
I wouldn't have expected to see one of these out here in the middle of nowhere, much less two of them.
What? Gideon said. What is it?
I mean, this is really pretty incredible stuff. If you only knew what I held here in my hand-
Will you tell me already? Gideon said.
I'll do you one better, Gwendolyn said, kneeling down by the bodies. I'll show you. She laid one over each man's heart and, speaking beneath her breath, she touched each amulet and set them both alight. She stood back and they pulsed brightly, a yellow glow slowly overwhelming the room. There was a rush of wind, a powerful blast, and then it was over. Upon regaining his vision, Gideon looked to the bodies, and saw that the amulets were no longer there.
Disappearing necklaces? Fancy, Gideon said.
Not as fancy as you, Nancy boy.
Gideon ripped his sword from its sheathe and held it at arm's length, his heart beating wildly.
The bodies slowly rose, coughing, cursing.
Damn it, runt-face, what did you get us into now? the taller one said.
Me? I'm not the one who wanted the job, the thin one said, stretching. Now you've gone and cost us our ace in the holes.
I'll ace your hole, you little flea monger.
That sounded vaguely sexual.
Gideon just stared at a loss.
Ankhs of resurrection, Gwendolyn said, yawning. Pretty nifty trinkets, but hard to come by these days. And once you use 'em, they're gone.
Pricey damn investments, the thin one said, but well worth it, I'd say. Unlike some people.
Hey, I never said I was against them, the tall one said.
Oh, the words, 'Are you insane, Geoffrey? With that much coin I could have all the whores in Whitelake,' come to mind.
Well I could have! the tall one said. The cheap ones, anyway.
Yeah, and right now the both of us would be dead like that badger you accidentally hit with that really hard pie.
Dead, yes, but happy. At least I would be. As opposed to alive and unhappy, like we are presently. Though of course in your case you'd lose out either way. But you don't really matter anyway, so who cares?
Who the hell are you people? Gideon said, and the two men turned to him in surprise, as if they hadn't realized he was even there.
Oh, right. You, the tall one said. He stared at Gideon for a moment. Then took out his blade and charged, screaming wildly, and the other followed suit, and then Gideon started yelling and pulled out of the cabin while his sister screamed and ran for the hills. As the two strangers burst from the cabin in hot pursuit, Gwendolyn turned and let a sleek charge of white energy erupt from her palm, blasting into the tall one and slamming him to the ground. She let another charge fly and took the other one out as well. The strangers lay broken, motionless, their faces buried in the mud.
Gwendolyn stopped and stood, her hand on her hip. That was really anticlimactic! she yelled from across the clearing.
Gideon approached the men as they laid in a heap, moaning. So then, Gideon said, laying the point of his sword on the tall one's nose. Who are you?
The man looked up at Gideon from under the shadow of his skullcap. Name's Sir Ian Wollander, he said, spitting out some mud. And that would be my partner in crime, literally, Sir Geoffrey Smithe.
Sir Smithe moaned. Man, I just died, for god's sake. Some resurrection party
You're knights? Gideon said.
Yep, Wollander said, flinching as he brought himself up.
Really? Gwendolyn said. You two? Knights?
Yeah, Wollander said, frowning. What, is it that hard to believe?
Well, yeah, Gideon said. I mean, look at you. You look like a pair of criminal miscreants on the run.
All right, maybe-
You look like a pair of rapist chimney sweeps on the lookout for fresh meat, Gwendolyn said.
Hey, there's no-
You look like a pair of misbegotten boars who've recently been gutted to make a really disturbing pie, Gideon said.
Okay, okay! Wollander said, rubbing his knees. So we don't look like knights! We get it! But we are. So there.
So how do a couple of criminals like you attain knighthood? Gideon said.
Well, Wollander said, through a series of-
Inherited them, Smithe said.
And pray tell, Gwendolyn said, what are a couple of miscreant knights doing out in the wilderness, dead in a cabin?
Wollander laughed, forcefully. Ha ha, you see, that's a funny story. See, we-
We were hunting a bounty, and the bounty hunted us, Smithe said, spread eagle on the ground, looking to the casual observer to still be dead.
Who were you hunting? Gideon said.
Oh, a guy named, uh TreeGrassman, Wollander said, flinching under the weight of his own idiocy.
Tree Grassman? Gwendolyn said. Was he with his friend, Rock Dirtbag?
You weren't after a certain Drake Oro, by any chance? Gideon asked.
Wollander's face went cold. Oh, uh, wouldn't know about-
Yes, Smithe said, still staring at the sky.
Dammit, maggot-pox! You know we're-
I thought I killed you two already.
Gideon backed away and turned to see a man clad in black swoop in over the hill. His pale white hair, closely cropped, complemented his diamond eyes, resting at ease. You're late, the man growled as he advanced, his acid washed voice powerful and resonant. Save your breath, I'm the agent, Drake Oro, pleased to meet you. Here's the governor's seal. And now we must go.
Gideon paused, unsold. Sorry, I'm not buying this. Gwen, let's get the hell out of here.
Well now, it seems as if this is turning into a party, Drake said.
Gideon turned and saw some twenty or thirty savage looking men coming over the ridge. He felt his heart squirm. 
Mathas! Wollander shouted. Mathas, it's us!
Crossbow bolts pierced the ground.
Mathas? Wollander shouted, scrambling up.
Stick-weed! Smithe yelled. They think we're collaborating! Go! Go! Now!
Gideon had mounted Kipper and spurred him into motion. He could see Gwendolyn galloping ahead as the crossbow bolts cut through the air around them.
Hey, wait! Wollander screamed far behind. We're going to die! Again!
As Gideon turned in his saddle, he saw one of the brigands, thick with leather armor and masked with a horned helm overtake Sir Ian Wollander, and raising his claymore high, brought the blade down upon the knight's neck, crushing his bone, and nearly decapitating him. As the brigand tore his blade from the flesh, Wollander's body collapsed in a shower of gore.
Ahead of the fallen body, Sir Geoffrey Smithe ran headlong, the terror of a second death clear in his eyes even from a distance. A whistle in the air. Another. Then it punctured his calf, and he stumbled mid-stride. He broke his fall with an outstretched arm and rolled to a stop, his mouth calling out for help that would not come. The horned men behind him raised their weapons high and brought them down with the force of a hammer. The axehead buried itself deep in his chest, snapping bone, while the claymore ripped apart his innards. They pulled out, and bit deeper. After all was done, he was nothing more than hacked flesh. And Gideon knew that not even the mystic forces of the universe could save Geoffrey now.
They galloped on, and the savages faded into the distance, giving up their chase on foot. Gideon called to his sister up ahead, checking if she was all right. She nodded, clearly shaken, and turned her attention back to the path ahead. It was then that it occurred to Gideon that this was not her place, not where she ought to be. She ought to have been back at the academy, studying, growing, safe. But instead, Gideon had dragged her into this hell. And for what? Money?
Up ahead, out of the shadow of the forest burst the dark warrior upon a stallion of midnight black, a monstrous creature that looked to be a spawn from hell. Drake charged upon his steed and moved in step with Gideon's sister. Gideon urged Kipper forward, but he was not meant for such speed, and lagged behind. And as he watched that white haired devil move alongside his sister in front of him, saw them side by side, he knew then that he had made a grave mistake. This was no adventure. This was no mission. This could very well be his death. Or worse, that of his sister's. But there was no turning back now, was there? The only thing awaiting him back there were men with blades and two corpses. Right back where we started, eh Gideon? Right back there indeed.

As Joseph saved the file and closed the word processor, he looked at Shakespeare on his desktop and felt guilt. He had no idea what he had just written. It was some farce, with no rhyme or reason. It was meandering, pointless, and inconsequential. Who were these characters? What were they doing? Where were they going? Who cared? It was all imaginary anyway, just a schizophrenic fantasy, a hallucination. At the end of the day, what really separated Joseph's writing from a tin foil hat?
He was sure Flaubert would have been ashamed to see what had become of the literary medium he had pioneered. To think, Flaubert had meticulously planned and crafted his work, used his art as a precision tool to achieve what he wanted. And to think, Joseph really had no idea what he was doing. Assuredly, Flaubert would have been ashamed, but that's not what really bothered him. Who was Gustave Flaubert anyway? Just some dead French dude. No, what really bothered him was that Ms. Wolf would have been ashamed, and that's what really hurt. Yet he didn't know what else to do. If someone could just tell him, give him a clue, he'd gladly do whatever he was supposed to. It was the not knowing, the figuring things out on your own that really drove him insane. It would have been okay searching for answers if there were any, but this was no multiple choice test, not even a timed essay. It was just the world, reality, the universe, and now he was just supposed to go wade his way through? It was like being trained in the kiddie pool with a boogie board for eighteen years, only to be promptly air-dropped into the middle of the Atlantic and told to swim to shore.
But, then again, it had still felt good killing Geoffrey, he had to admit. Damn good. Damn damn good. Now that was what he called a covert strike.
He kneaded his shoulder and flinched. His muscles were beginning to hurt from shoveling the driveway in the morning. He was not very good as a beast of burden, though he did whatever was asked of him. He didn't mind so much  just part of the job, he supposed. He logged into his email. Extravagantly Successful Young Person of the Day: Megan Fox. Made her acting debut at 16. Had her breakout role in a movie about giant fighting robots that turn into cars, or vice versa, based on an old Saturday morning cartoon. Considered a sex symbol. She describes herself as 'insecure.' Joseph clicked past and went to his email. Penis, meds, meds, penis, porn, meds, penis-
Sender: Smit  Hey dude
Well that was unexpected. Joseph opened up the email:

Hey Joe  I always think of the Hendrix song whenever I say that.

So what's up man? I haven't talked to you in a long while, and I figured I'd drop you a line, see how you're doing. I'm fine, going premed and all that, so I'm pretty swamped. Haven't had much free time, but hey, at least I've got something to do, right? 

How's Ol' Glory or whatever they call it? Got back to doing some drawing?

Anyway, drop me a line. Later.

-Smit

Joseph studied the message. Oh, the things he wanted to say. To just get it all off his chest, burn a hole in the screen with his vicious, desperate words. But he couldn't. May as well respond promptly, get it over with.

Re: Hey dude

Hey Smit, how's it going?

I'm fine, I guess. Dropped out of Glory Hall. More like Glory Hole. Glad I got out while the getting's good, so to speak. I'm pretty much just working at the hobby shop, biding my time. Your standard college dropout loser, pretty much. And dude, I haven't drawn anything since like the 9th grade. 

Anyway, you're going premed? That's good. At least you'll make money, and be respected by society, and hey, the former's what really matters, right? Bet your parents are happy. What else is new?

-Joe the Shmo

And sent. What did he really want to say? That the world was crashing in around him. That he had just survived nuclear apocalypse not a few hours ago. That he had no idea what the hell he was supposed to be doing with the precious little time he had left on this planet. But nobody wanted to hear about that. He supposed he ought to be grateful that someone had at least remembered him. And he was. But it was pretty humiliating, all the same.
Joseph shut his computer down and walked downstairs to get some milk. He hated the taste of milk, but it sometimes helped him sleep. He turned on the kitchen lights, and saw Garfield the cat, wallowing in his own Baconnaise drenched misery. Joseph took out a glass and poured some milk from the carton, kicking the refrigerator door shut. He sipped the glass gingerly, examining the fat mass of cat on the ground in front of him. The creature's face and paws were slathered in the murky, yellowish filth. The sticky mess was caked around its mouth and whiskers. It looked like a crime scene.
Joseph took a gulp, and felt himself frown. You know, you used to be cute when you were a kitten, he said to the comatose cat. You used to play and frolic and dance with joy. You were so full of life. Joseph sipped, angrily, slurping. And now look at you. You fat, miserable creature. The rest of the house was dark, the windows exposing the black of night, or early morning, he could not say. Joseph prodded the creature with his foot. Roll over. I'm going to have to clean all this. He prodded more forcefully. I said roll over you stupid thing! But the creature just lay there. Joseph put the glass on the counter and stooped down. Garfield? he said. No response. He picked up the creature. It lay limp in his hands. He shook it. Garfield? he said, his voice sinking. He laid it back on the floor.
Joseph shut off the light and walked upstairs to his room. He felt nauseous. Something weird was happening in his stomach. Must be the meatloaf. No, it wasn't the meatloaf. Joseph searched across his ravaged room, clothes on the floor, notebooks and papers piled everywhere. And there in the corner sat Mr. Cuddlesworth, big and fluffy. He remembered when his parents got it for him when he was a kid.
Joseph shut the lights and picked up the big bear, sitting down with it in his bed in the dark. There was a sliver of moonlight from the window, and he hugged the stupid bear as he sat. He felt like such an idiot, but it didn't matter. It felt good to hold onto something real.



Chapter 7



The funeral was a quiet affair. Nobody wanted to do it; everyone thought it was stupid, yet they felt somehow obligated. The cat was buried in the pet cemetery. They said some words, stuck the stone in the ground, and that was that.
Yet as Joseph stuffed the box full of foam pellets, he couldn't help but think about the awkward, somber ritual. To be fair, it was a long time coming. In fact, it was an absurdity that the cat even lived as long as it did. Still It didn't matter. He had boxes to pack. Besides, now he didn't have to bother feeding or cleaning up after the stupid thing. Or getting peed on.
The storage room was quiet. Business was dead. Online orders had slowed and there hadn't been a customer in the actual store for days, so the manager had taken the week off. Chris was in charge, and he was out sleeping at the registers. Dan was studying for school, and Matt was watching Star Wars. That left Joseph by himself in the corner table, packing the remaining orders. There just weren't enough orders to go around anymore, and Joseph had offered to do them, seeing as the others had better things to do with their time, and he so clearly didn't.
He listened as Luke Skywalker talked about how he was bored and wanted some excitement in his life. Joseph laughed silently. Oh, he'll get it all right. They always get it in the movies. They shipped a lot of Star Wars merchandise at the hobby shop  all sorts of miscellaneous movie tie-in garbage. The model kits were the most popular. 
Joseph wondered what George Lucas was thinking when he penned the script for the original movie. Was he a visionary, gifted with the dreams of far off conflicts? Or did he even have any idea what he was doing? Did he have any clue that what he was writing would change the nature of cinema and storytelling forever? Or was he just a shmuck screwing around, happening upon something by accident? He was certainly no Flaubert, that was for sure. But then again, Flaubert didn't have merchandising rights either, so who was the smart one really?
As he sealed the package shut, he imagined the sandy dunes of Dantooine, a golden droid approaching him.
Master Joseph, Master Joseph!
What the hell do you want, you golden prick? Joseph said, robed in a vaguely karate costume.
Master Joseph! Oh dear oh dear oh dear!
Dude, Joseph said, seriously, what?
But master Joseph! Oh dear oh dear oh dear oh-
The other lovable droid beeped and booped.
That's droidish for shut the fuck up you anal prick, Joseph said.
But master Joseph!
The lovable droid extended a robotic probe and shocked the golden prick in the crotch. The golden droid fell to the ground convulsing, screaming out in agony as the lovable droid crushed his golden head into oblivion.
Finally! Joseph said. I've been waiting for that my whole life. Okay, let's go.
They trudged through sandy dunes, till brown big bug-eyed boogeymen leaped from the mountainous pass, making noises akin to horny goats, looking to be doing what may very well have been the Macarena with sticks. Then Alec Guiness appeared and stabbed them all with his laser sword.
Joseph! It is time for your destiny! You must learn the ways of Buddhism! Alec Guiness said.
Joseph frowned. Dude, did you even like being in this movie?
God no, are you shitting me? Alec Guiness said. I mean, dear god, these banal lines I'm a Shakespearean actor. I fought in World War II. And now I'm playing an archetypal monomythic mentor character in an archetypal monomythic storyline that started as a ripoff of an Akira Kurosawa movie.
Yeah, but at least you were smart enough to get two percent of the gross, Joseph said.
Fuck yes, Alec Guiness said. Let's get this shit over with.
They moved through the desert on the landspeeder with no name, and saw that there were plants and birds and rocks and things. The heat was hot. Then they came to the galactic ghetto, and went to the bar, and Alec Guiness cut off a dude's hand with his laser sword.
Then the action archaeologist and the walking carpet appeared.
FUCK YEAH, the action aracheologist said, cocking his head to and fro.
Can you take us to-
FUCK YEAH, The action archaeologist said.
They got on their spaceship and flew to the giant government battleship after it blew up an entire planet. 
Alec Guiness got off and got stabbed by the evil black man. Finally! Alec Guiness said. Then he died.
Then they traveled to the terrorist base and decided to join in on the fun. Then they went to the government battleship and blew it up. The terrorists rejoiced! Yeah!
Dude, Joseph said on his cockpit radio to the squidman commander, Captain Calamari. This is all dandy and stuff, but, this is a pretty heinous act of war, you know, right? I mean, there were probably a hell of a lot of innocent people on that thing. Like, we killed all the janitors. When the rest of the galaxy hear's about this, they'll think we're a bunch of cold blooded mass-murderers.
Yeah, but they were evil, the squid commander said.
But surely they couldn't all have been evil, Joseph said. I mean, even in war, you can't just commit mass acts of genocide willy nilly, even against people who have committed mass acts of genocide themselves. That's what separates us from them, isn't it?
Yeah, well the squidman said. WHO WANTS PIE?
FUCK YEAH, the action archaeologist said.
Joseph sighed as he looked into space. You know, when you think about it, aren't all galaxies far, far away? Far, far away indeed. He slapped the fruity elf logo onto the cardboard package. 
Oh man! Matt said. Oh man! I wanna be Luke Skywalker when I grow up! He pulled the DVD out and replaced it with the sequel.
Joseph glowered, but then reconsidered. It could be worse. He could be watching the prequels. Joseph went to the computer and checked the orders  none. Joseph scrolled through the backorders  none. He sat back. That was it. Nothing left to do.
We're out of orders, Joseph said.
Really? Dan said, looking up from his econ books. Usually it takes a few more weeks, doesn't it?
Yeah, Joseph said. Whelp, I guess that means indefinite break.
Yeah, well, gives you some time to kill, I guess, Dan said, returning to his homework.
Yeah, just what I needed, Joseph said. 
He went to the corner desk and sat down, laying his head on his arms, sprawling across the cheap particle wood. Business hadn't been so good that season; the manager wasn't pleased, and the owners were even worse. They said they might be letting somebody else go soon, now that the holiday season was over. What Joseph didn't understand was why they kept the store open at all in the first place. Why not just shut it down till October? Probably because of the rent, he supposed. It was a moderately sized space after all. Joseph chewed on his armhairs. He kind of hoped he got fired. So it would give him a reason to jump into a river. Actually, if he got fired, he just wouldn't tell his parents, and he would leave every day pretending to go to work, and he could just sit in his car in the park and drink whiskey, like a real man. It would at least give him that much more time away from his parents, without being stuck amidst dollhouses and train wrecks.
YOOOoooooOooOoo, someone said, drawling out the syllable till he ran out of breath.
Joe looked up to see a familiar shaggy face. Stoner Tim. How fare ye? Joe said.
JOOooooooOooOooe. Yeaaah, Stoner Tim said. He looked like he hadn't shaved or gotten a haircut in approximately three years, give or take. He wore a black shirt with a bright rainbow logo and the name of the toystore down the lot written across the front and back. Matt, he said, you up for some Dragons and Dungeons? We're starting a run back at the toystore.
Of course! Matt said, shutting off the television. Joe! Come on!
Joseph looked up. What? Are you serious? No way. Joseph was pretty pathetic, but Dragons and Dungeons was where he drew the line.
Joe! You promised! Matt said. Remember, last time I worked for you?
Joseph cursed. Damn it, he was right. The weasely bastard, with his big puppy eyes. Fine Joseph had no resolve, and he would pay dearly for it. Just make sure you don't wake up Chris on the way out, seeing as we're supposed to be working.
They walked into the dreary dark shopping lot, Stoner Tim leading the way. As they passed the empty shops, they kept going till nearing the end of the lot, where the words US'R'TOYS were spelled out in glowing rainbow letters. The store itself blazed with light, but at that time of day, it was dark as night, and the place was fairly barren. A few aggravated mothers walked through the aisles of the huge open space filled with distractions for their kids, wondering exactly what had become of their lives.
They walked to the back and entered into the storeroom, a large warehouse-like affair, larger than the whole hobby shop itself. There was a forklift and piles of packaged wares, all sitting at a standstill. Off in the corner, several guys huddled around a cheap folding table, and Stoner Tim took his seat next to his comrades.
Hey there, Brian said.
How's it goin? Bill said. Ted nodded by his side.
All right, Stoner Tim said. Brian's the dungeon master. Ted's the elfen bard, Manilow. Bill's the halfling berserk, Devito. I'm the human wizard, Carlin, and Matt's the human ranger, Bobafet. Joe, that means-
I don't want to be a cleric, Joseph said.
Aw come on! Bill said, the others throwing their hands up in supplication.
Well, too bad, Stoner Tim said, sliding the character sheet across the table.
Joseph looked at the paper, with all its filled in boxes and statistics. My name's Jesus?
The guys laughed. You're Latino, Stoner Tim said.
I'm a dwarf! Joe said. How do you have a Latino dwarf?
All right, whatever, let's continue, Brian the DM said from behind a propped up folio.  Now, I'm kind of a snob for good story, so let's try to keep this focused, mmkay? When we left off last, our fearless warriors were traveling through the ruined dungeon, deep within the swamps. The air is musty and tainted. There is mold on the walls surrounding you. Deep down the tunnel, you see a fire burning. What do you do?
Well, Bill said. As the vanguard of our group, I scout ahead, taking steps deep into the darkness.
I, Carlin, master of the unholy frosts, cast frost missile into the tunnel, Stoner Tim said.
Okay, roll your d12, Brian said. Okay, your frost missile hits. The fire goes out. You are stuck in the dark.
The group waited in silence.
Wait, so what now? Ted said. 
Well, you're an elf, Bill said. You have infravision.
Oh, yes, right, Ted said. Okay, I use my hereditary ability, infravision, passed down to me from the loins of my forebears, to pierce the shadowy darkness of the tunnel. What do I see?
Okay, Brian said, you see a tunnel. It is a deep, dark tunnel. What do you do?
Go down it? Ted said.
I, Bobafet, master of the fuzzy forest creatures of the north, hereby request a Mountain Dew!
Brian sighed. Matt, you don't have to be in character to ask for a real life Mountain Dew, he said, reaching over to the mini-fridge and pulling out a can. Okay, so Manilow, the fearless elfen bard, travels down the dark tunnel. You see a switch on the wall. What do you do?
With valiant derring-do, I switch the switch! Ted said.
Brian made a surreptitious roll of the die behind his folio. Okay, so the tunnel glows with magical light. But deep within the tunnel, you hear a powerful rumbling. The tunnel starts shaking, and out of the darkness, a creature appears. It is a huge, hulking monstrosity, a lumbering golem that roars and leaps to do battle! Ready yourselves!
I use Halfling Rage on the golem, Bill said, rolling. Okay, that's my initiative roll. He rolled again. Roll to hit. He rolled again. And my damage roll.
That's nice, but your rolls don't overcome the golem's armor class, Brian said. Devito the halfling warrior enters a state of fury and hacks at the giant stone beast, but he fails to penetrate.
Story of my life, Bill said.
With my unholy frosty will, Stoner Tim said, I cast Ice Shards of Justice on the monstrous creature! He rolled. My initiative roll. He rolled again. My roll to hit. He rolled again. My penetration roll. He rolled again. My mental fortitude roll. He rolled again. And my damage roll.
Brian rolled behind his folio. The shards shoot forth from your fingertips, and slam against the stone creature, but fail to overcome its thick armor. Your spell does nothing. The creature, in turn, throws a giant rock at Manilow. Roll to save.
Stoner Tim rolled. Damn it. I scream in fury! Aggh!
The giant rock hits you for 43 damage, crushing you.
That's a lot of damage, Stoner Tim said.
Well it is a giant rock, Bill said. I mean, if you were crushed by a giant rock, you'd think it was a lot of damage too.
Okay, Matt, do something, Brian said, almost hesitant.
I cast Friends of the Forest on the giant rock! Matt said.
Matt, Friends of the Forest summons forest creatures to protect whoever you cast it on, Brian said. Why would you cast it on a-
My rolls stand! Matt said.
Brian shook his head. Okay, so Bobafet summons his furry allies, and the forest squirrels appear from the ground and surround the giant rock sitting on Carlin's corpse. They hold hands and dance. Ted?
Ted pondered, looking at the map of the dungeon scribbled on the table. All right, I use Sing a Song. He rolled five times.
Manilow sings a nice lively tune, Brian said. He provides music for the squirrels to dance to. All right, Joe?
I cast spell, Turn Water into Ale, Joseph said.
You've got to roll for that, Brian said.
Joseph rolled.
Spell fails. Somewhere in the world, a kitten dies.  All right, the golem, enraged by Manilow's singing, throws a giant rock at him to shut him the hell up. Roll. Okay, the giant rock crushes Manilow, splattering his blood everywhere.
Somewhere in the world, Stephen Colbert rejoices, Joseph mumbled.
What was that? Brian said.
Nothing, Joe said.
I use Many Many Strikes of Short Person Fury, Bill said, rolling seven times.
Your Many Many Strikes of Short Person Fury fails, Brian said.
Wait, no it doesn't, Bill said. See, my initiative roll plus my attack roll plus my roll to hit plus my penetration roll minus my short person handicap plus my short person sneakiness bonus equates to a hit of seven damage, plus my damage roll, so that's nine damage, minus the golem's armor class bonus and absorption bonus, so that's five damage right there.
No, Brian said, but your initiative roll plus your roll to hit didn't overwhelm the golem's natural agility and dexterity bonuses, minus the morale handicap for having two party members dead, means you missed completely.
No, that's not right, Bill said. That's still not counting my hit bonus from my Small Stabby Sword +2, and my Belt of Good Hittedness.
Oh right, Brian said. But see, you're not counting the golem's hardened skin and thick armor bonuses, which negates your bonuses completely, so you still didn't hit at all.
Oh, Bill said. Devito screams in rage!
The golem makes an attack of opportunity to counter your failed attack, Brian said. Bill rolled and cursed. The golem makes a critical strike to your groin and deals 53 damage, killing you.
Man, we're all dead, Ted said.
No, Bobafet and Jesus are still alive, Bill said.
I kill myself! Matt said.
The guys recoiled in shock.
No, Matt, don't do it! You have so much to live for! Stoner Tim said, but Matt had already rolled.
Okay, well, Brian said, I guess Bobafet commands his squirrels to stop dancing and kill him, and they do just that, gnawing off his flesh with their tiny little teeth, leaving Jesus all alone.
SAVE US JESUS! Stoner Tim said. You're our only hope!
Joseph looked at the abilities on his character sheet. I cast Last Judgment, Joseph said, rolling twelve times.
All right, Brian said. Jesus the Latino dwarf splits the giant rocks with holy magic and summons everyone back from the dead. The golem has a weakness to holy magic, and he takes 312 damage, killing him.
PRAISE JESUS! Stoner Tim said, the rest of the table cheering. Okay, time for some weed. He took out a doogie, lit it, and puffed, passing the joint around.
Everyone gets 3 experience points, Brian said. You each need 6057 more to level up. In the ruins of the golem's corpse, you find a letter.
I read the letter, Bill said.
It says, 'The only true wisdom consists in knowing that you know nothing,' Brian said.
Hey, that's us! Ted said.
Out of the corpse, there appears a magical blue portal, and you are all teleported to what appears to be a pub, Brian said.
Hell yes, Stoner Tim said. I roll to rape the nearest wench. He rolled the die.
You succeed, Brian said.
All right, Joe said. This has been a most excellent adventure, but now Jesus must depart.
Wait, Stoner Tim said. We're going to the movies after this. Wanna come?
Uh, Joe said, well, I've got to-
What? Stoner Tim said. You've got to what? Everybody knows you have no life. Come on, Jesus. It's opening night.
Joseph met them at the theater.
As he entered the lobby, he saw that the others were in line ahead of him. He queued up behind.
What movie are we watching? Joe said.
Sex Me Baby, Sex Me All Night Long, Bill said to the girl in the booth. She took the money and slid a ticket under the glass.
Seriously? Joe said. Why are we watching-
Sex Me Baby, Sex Me All Night Long, Ted said. The girl in the booth nodded and slid a ticket.
Joseph took a deep breath and tried not to scowl. This was not his idea of a well invested evening.
I like pie, Matt said.
I'm sure you do, the girl in the booth said. What movie do you want to watch?
Are there any about pies? Matt said.
He'll Sex You Baby, he'll Sex You All Night Long, Stoner Tim said, stepping forward. And so will I. At the same time.
She took the money and slid out two tickets. Next.
Joseph stepped forward, hesitant. He held the back of his head with his hand.
Yes? the girl said from the booth. She looked haggard, her hair in disarray, her purple shirt haphazzardly tucked in. Yes?
Oh, uh, I'll have one for the movie they're going to, Joe said, motioning vaguely to the door through which the others had already exited.
Which one is that? she said through the speaker, looking him in the eyes through the glass pane.
He turned his eyes away toward the tile. Uh, Sex Me Baby, he said, almost under his breath.
What was that? she said.
Sex Me Baby.
Which one? Sex Me Baby In the Morning, or Sex Me Baby, Sex Me All Night Long?
The second one.
Which one?
Sex Me Baby, Sex Me All Night Long! Okay? Joe said, feeling his face growing red.
After a silence, What did you just say to me? she said, looking at him as if he were a leper. Joseph's heart stopped. I'm kidding, she said dryly. She took the money and slid the ticket under the glass. Next.
As he took his place next to Matt in the dimly lit theater, the pre-preview commercials cycling, he tried to fathom what he was doing there. The screen was filled with a commercial for a TV station. Then it moved to a bottled water commercial. Then a movie trivia slide. 'Which of these actors is being considered as the new James Bond, after the current one inevitably realizes that he'll never be as archetypically virile as Sean Connery, and that he's made a ridiculous sum of money already, and another ten million isn't going to matter, and retires?'
Joseph looked to his side and was surprised to see a book in Matt's lap. What's that? Joe said, curious.
Oh, Bill lent me this book I wanted to read, Aragon, Matt said. Want to see?
Joseph picked up the book. The cover was amazing, with a thrilling portrait of a dragon adorning the jacket. 
He was only nineteen when he got it published! Isn't that amazing? Matt said. I wish I was that talented!
Joe opened it up and tried to make out the words in the muted theater light.

Prologue: Shadowy Happenings in the Forest (With Elves)

The shadowmurg watched the forest pass as he held his long sword in his hand. It was a long sword, thin enough to stab, but stout enough to cut trees with. The shadowmurg looked human, except he had red eyes and fanged teeth. He looked young, but he looked ageless.
There they were. Or was it a trap? It could be a trap. That would be bad. 
 Around the shadowmurg, his mugamas minions huddled, watching the pass eagerly. Except they couldn't watch the pass, because they couldn't see in the dark, but the shadowmurg could. His mugamas minions shifted uneasily, blind in the dark. But they watched the pass, waiting quietly.
Then, out of the dark forest appeared the elves. They road horses. There were two male elves. The first one had a sword strapped to his back, and a knife strapped to his side. Behind his back was slung a long bow. Beside the bow was a quiver of arrows. The arrows were sharp. He wore armor. He also had a shield. It was hard. The other male elf had a sword strapped to his back, and a knife strapped to his side. Behind his back was slung a long bow. Beside the bow was a quiver of arrows. The arrows were sharp. He wore armor. He also had a shield. It was hard. Just like him.
But then, there was a woman elf. The woman elf was beautiful, with long hair, and a long bow, with a sword, and armor, but female armor, not like the others. They passed by quietly, carefully, except they didn't see any of the mugamas or the shadowmurg because they were hidden. The shadowmurg licked his lips. He had waited so long for this moment. He had plotted so many plots as to outplot any possible enemy plotter. This would be his moment. This was the time for his destiny.
But then there was some wind, and the mugamas smelled really bad (they never showered), so the elves smelled the really smelly mugamas and they began running.
The shadowmurg screamed. Hirzjlmirjrzkl! he yelled to his mugamas as they shot arrows at the elves. The man elves died, but the woman didn't.
Garjlharmarkaslzerjl! the shadowmurg screamed, and lit the entire forest on fire. But somehow the woman elf got away.
The shadowmurg ran after the woman elf and jumped her, stabbing her in the leg, then the arm, then the chest, and her blood poured out into a sea of blood on the ground, which merged with the blood of the guards, till it was an an ocean of blood by the burning forest. But in her dying breath, the woman elf made the jewel disappear.
NOOOOOooooooo, the shadowmurg screamed. He needed the jewel. All his many plots and master plans depended on that magic jewel. The fate of the world depended on that one single jewel, not like a ring, this was totally different. The shadowmurg killed his mugamas just by looking at them, just like Chuck Norris-

NIETZSCHE WAS RIGHT! GOD IS DEAD!
Everyone around him turned and stared at him, as if he were a loon with a tin foil hat. Even Stoner Tim took the loaded joint from his mouth and put his popcorn aside, eying him, and when you made Stoner Tim give pause, you know you must've done something really weird. Joseph just shut the book and handed it back to Matt, attempting to lower his profile as much as possible.
It's amazing, isn't it! Matt said.
Yes, yes it is, Joe said.
The previews had already started rolling.
In Hollywood, there is a world you will never experience, the deep movie voice said.
The lights streamed and the gorgeous women danced to the rhythmic beat.
There are parties that you will never go to.
The sweat on their bodies glistened under the power of the streaming lights.
There is an elite class of people that you will never be a part of.
The rich and the sophisticated, the beautiful and the powerful danced and mingled, sipping cocktails and martinis.
And one man will do anything to get in.
It cut to a pale faced young man with large black glasses and pimples.
This is Sidney Boogieboy. And he wants in!
Sidney Boogieboy entered the party, and everyone laughed at him. The beautiful women pulled down his pants. He cringed, covering his Y-Men printed tighty-whiteys, his buck teeth erupting from his mouth. They beat him with a large paddle, and he cried, hanging his head in shame. Then they poured a vat of acid onto him and burned off his skin. He screamed in agony as his clothes and hair melted, and he collapsed to the ground crying out for mercy. Then they beat him with sticks.
Sidney Boogieboy Goes to Hollywood! An Alpha Pictures production. Coming soon. 
The screen went black, and the title credits began to roll to a jazzy tune. The pictures blurred, images rolling in succession, light projected on screen, and the world faded away. There was city life, movement, parties, drugs, comedy, laughter, and a dead chihuahua, all for fun, all in the name of a good time.
Joseph listened to the banal lines of dialogue, the obvious and shameless innuendos, appealing to the audience's basest intelligence and instinct with simpering, yet brutal force. 
The flesh and the blood, the writhing bodies, moved rhythmically to the light as Stoner Tim puffed a joint and popped a kernel into his mouth. They flirted, they danced, they kissed, they stripped, and they made jokes, because, after all, it was a comedy. Bill laughed, along with Ted, as they opened their mouths, exposing their pearly slick teeth in the darkness. They looked like animals, from a point earlier in human evolution, as if they had come forward in time, from the 80s. They huddled together and watched the beautiful people have sex, watched, and ate popcorn.
The movie was an affront to man. But then again, to Alpha Pictures, the whole world was nothing more than a lowest common denominator anyway. Screw intelligence. Screw grace. Screw beauty. After all, screwing was all that mattered anyway. Why bother with anything else? It was just a waste of time, energy and, most importantly, money.
That night, Joseph skipped dinner. For some reason, he didn't have much of an appetite.
He sat at his computer, running his hand through his hair. This wasn't what it was supposed to be about, was it? Millenia of human progress and development, and all for what? The future was supposed to be better than this. He got up to go to the bathroom, and as he turned on the light, he saw himself in the mirror. It was strange, seeing that face staring back at him, as if he hadn't seen himself in years. His stubble was coming back in. His hair was getting thick and unkempt, and the shadow under his gut seemed to be deeper than he last remembered. He turned the knob on the sink and splashed some water on his face, as if trying to snap himself out of a reverie, but when he looked back to the mirror, that hideous, pudgy ghoul was still there, staring him in the face like a doppelgnger of olde. Who was this other person in the mirror? Joseph didn't know, but he thought he should be euthanized.
Joseph returned to his computer and opened up that white void. He didn't write because he wanted to. He wrote because, in that reality, it was simply all he had left.

The clip clop of the horses on the savage road had long since become monotonous. Where once they were the sounds of freedom and wilderness, now they had become the sobering drumbeats of danger and fear, pounding into his head, beating his conscious thought like a hammer beating a nail through a dead man's skull.
The memory of blood was fresh on Gideon's mind, though it ought to have long since passed. He had seen men killed before. He had drawn blood before himself, even. But in the city, he was a nobody, another mercenary amongst a sea of hired blades working for the interim Highmark government. If he had died in those sewers, he would have at least left this world in the city of his heritage, Wake's End, his homeland. How many generations of Greythorne had served the city, in times of peace, in times of need? And for Gideon to die out there in the wilderness seemed an atrocity that he could not bear. For the lineage of his family to bleed away from the wounds of savages in the fields, his flesh stripped from his body and consumed
But even that wasn't what really bothered him. As he sat atop Kipper, that poor unfed horse, carrying him forward one hoofbeat at a time, he saw the two horses ahead, walking side by side. To the left, the white graceful mare of his sister. He watched her, turning her head to the side in conversation, smiling. When he had seen her last, how many years ago, she had been a fledgling girl, in disarray, gawky and hormonal like any big sister one might expect to meet. But now she had transformed into a swan. Her hair hung loosely, dark and luxurious, and her smile was demure and graceful. To see her gutted like the knights And yet then to the right, there was the beast. The mutant black stallion that snorted with suppressed rage, with its rider, a black armored pale faced white haired devil. He looked to his sister, and smiled.
Mr. Oro, Gideon said from behind.
Drake paused mid-sentence, his face melting. Yes, Mr. Greythorne? he said, not quite looking back.
Are you ready to start giving some answers? Gideon said.
Drake rolled his eyes ever so slightly. All in due time, Mr. Greythorne. All will be explained when we arrive at Morhaven, which shall be shortly. Trust in the governor's judgment. I have worked for him for many years.
So have I, Gideon said. technically.
I hardly think in the same capacity, Mr. Greythorne, Drake said. Please, think on happier times or whatever it is you do. Now as I was saying, he said turning back to Gwendolyn, the beauty of Rosaria in the summer time is unrivaled. You really must go
They passed by the time uneventfully. There was little to consider as they passed deeper and deeper into the forest, other than what vague evils awaited them in their future. Gideon could remember the time when he sat on his mother's lap as a child, as she read him tales of adventure, of heroes journeying forth into exotic, beautiful lands. But there in the shadows of wilderness, with god knew what manner of creature watching them from behind the veil that separated the known from the unknown, it was hard to think that the world could be beautiful.
But then, as they crested the ridge, the gray clouds hanging above, they saw the wild fortress in the pits, ensconced by trees. Wooden palisades stretched across, a savage wooden wall, with shadowy warriors patrolling on top, silent sentries on the towers, aiming into the reaches of the forest. 
Morhaven, Drake said, with undertones of distaste. Not a place I presently wish to be.
The towers loomed above them like giants, hidden warriors watching from their shadows. Reminds me of a nightmare I once had, Gideon said. If he hadn't known any better, he would have thought it to be a thieves' fortress.
As they cantered up to the gate, they saw the guards looking down upon them from above. There were royal troops, full with tabards and regalia, warriors directly serving the Highmark, from the south. But then there were the unmarked, the irregulars, as well. Upon closer inspection, Gideon could see the crimson markings of the Red Legion, one of the region's most reliable and celebrated mercenary companies. 
The warriors lined up at the walls, loading their crossbows and aiming them lazily. A particularly stout individual forced his way amongst the onlookers and shouted, Give us a reason not to kill you!
 Drake extended a seal in his hand, shouting, We travel under the governor's orders. 
The stout man lifted the visor on his helm, cursing. Open the gates! The large wooden gates creaked open as the large man hurried down from the wall with a retinue of Red Legionaries. Let me see that, the man said, snatching the seal from Drake's hand. The Legionaries stood silent, veritable walls of steel themselves. Gideon looked at them nervously. He had hoped he would never have to stand so close to one of those Legionaries ever again.
After a moment, the man nodded, looking up warily. Very well then, he said. You are expected. And late. Come with me. The guards will take care of your horses. The Legionaries parted and took the reins as they got off.
I am the marshal here, the man said as they walked. I trust you had a safe journey?
Drake chuckled dryly. Nothing worse than the usual, I'm sure, he said.
Of course. The roads are not fit for travel anymore, the marshal said.
Morhaven was a frontier town, dusty and dry, the grass eradicated by paths of wagons and horses long since. The buildings were all wood, with hardly any stone to be seen. Soldiers and mercenaries loaded and unloaded supplies from carts. They patrolled the walls, walked the streets, with nary a townsperson in sight. The houses were nothing more than shanties, and the place was a far cry from the ruined architectural greatness of Wake's End. To Gideon, it was like walking through a place where the concept of civilization was nothing more than a nice idea. At least back home, its past glory could be discovered if one looked hard enough through the rubble. Morhaven, on the other hand, looked more like a slave camp. The beaten, soot faced men and women appeared from their tents and looked at him suspiciously. They huddled around fires, outside of shacks that recalled Gideon of the Wake's End slums. Gideon tried to catch his sister's eye, but she was in another world.
Come inside, the marshal said, motioning them inside a well-guarded building. We can talk more easily inside, away from uninvited ears.
They sat at a table, inside one of the private rooms. Maps and correspondence adorned the walls, and the marshal brushed aside the papers and remnants of meals from the table.
Well then, the marshal said, taking off his helm, revealing a hard, roundish face with a trim black mustache, a head just beginning to thicken at the jowls. He sat in front of them, folding his hands neatly.  Where are the rest? He looked at them, moving from one face to another.
I beg your pardon? Drake said.
You were sent by the governor to aid us in rectifying the situation, were you not? the marshal said. I trust that you are the vanguard, and more of you will be coming shortly.
Drake frowned. I'm afraid not, he said.
The marshal's face became stone cold. So there's just the three of you?
That would be a true statement, Drake said.
I see, the marshal said. So then, the three of you intend to solve an international crisis where an entire contingent of Red Legionairies and Highmark soldiers were unable to make even the slightest gains.
That would also be a true statement, Drake said, reclining in his chair precariously. I fully appreciate your skepticism, my dear marshal, but I assure you, we are specialists.
Specialists, said the marshal, his ire plainly growing. I see. Well, then, that changes everything. What do you specialize in? Whiskey? Black magic? Perhaps in resurrecting the dead? The marshal slammed his hands on the table, standing up, infuriated. I don't know what you've heard, but over the course of the past months, I've lost countless soldiers and countless more miners, and I've no idea why! Every week, a few miners disappear. Every month, we send an expedition, only for half to come back from the depths, half mad with tales no seasoned soldier would normally tell seriously! The iron output is nothing more than a trickle, and that which we do manage to dredge up is brittle and black as a devil's heart! And the governor, in all his infinite wisdom, sends me three 'specialists' to deal with the situation!
Drake sat back, at ease. Calm yourself, marshal. We are an independent party, meant to survey the situation and report back to him directly. We will conduct a thorough investigation, and the governor will make any further decisions based on complete information as opposed to simply rumors and hearsay.
The marshal glowered. The mines have become a nightmare. We need more men. What more information does the governor need?
Marshal, Drake said, your opinion is duly noted, but do you really wish to question the governor's competence?
The marshal quieted. No, of course not. He sat back down. What do you require of me?
We shall need lodgings for the night, Drake said. We will conduct our investigation in the morning tomorrow. We expect full cooperation from all forces stationed here.
Yes, yes of course, the marshal said. The guards will show you some place you can stay, he said, motioning to the guards standing watch by the door.
Other than that, marshal, Drake said, I expect that you will attend to your own affairs while we attend to ours.
The marshal nodded, displeased, but unwilling to press the matter further. Yes, there is much to attend to. Usually the case when your jurisdiction is overwhelmed by unexplainable nightmare.
As they were led to quarters in one of the barracks across town, the people peeked out from their tents and their shanties, whispering to each other. News traveled fast in the settlement, it appeared. Gideon just tried to keep his head down. He never imagined the living conditions for government miners to be luxurious, but the place was a filth ridden slum. For once being such a lucrative and profitable settlement, one would think the workers would have some decent shelter. But there was little Gideon could do. Even handing out coins would be irrelevant, seeing as the workers and their families would have nowhere to spend it, and nothing to spend it on. Nobody was allowed out of Morhaven, certainly not after current events. It would not do for people to be spreading the tales any further, however true they might have been.
One of the guards motioned to Gideon, and he nodded to his sister, who took the adjoining room in the open pit barracks. The guard pulled aside the curtain and revealed a compartment with a cot and a pan. Ah yes, the military life.
Thank you, Gideon said to the guard, expecting him to leave, but the guard seemed hesitant. Is there a problem? Gideon asked.
The guard stood uneasily, gripping the handle of his sheathed sword hanging from his side. Is it true that you journey into the mines? the guard asked.
That would be a true statement, Gideon said, a note of subtle mockery in his voice, directed at one not there.
The guard took shallow breaths, debating with himself silently. Finally he said, May I speak in confidence?
Of course, Gideon said.
There are things you should know. The marshal won't speak of such things, but you should know them if you're headed into the depths. He paused, collecting himself. The men who have been to the lower levels speak of monstrous things that strike from shadow, things that see without light. They pluck men from the darkness. And once a man vanishes If this is where your journey takes you, then know that you face something most unnatural. The guard wiped his brow with his palm, his hand shaking. I I cannot say I envy you in your position. The guard said, fazed. He departed, closing the curtain behind him.
Gideon sat on the cot. It was hard, but it would suffice. He laid down, and considered just what he had gotten himself into. Why had he agreed to come? It had seemed like a nice way to do something of value, at the time. But why him? He wielded a blade well enough, but he was not so exceptional as he would have liked others to believe. It seemed only yesterday that he was looking forward to some honey ale. And now? Now he was plunging to his death, and dragging his sister along with him.
He looked up at the wooden boards that covered the roof. It seemed it would hardly keep out the water when it rained. The Highmark was a wealthy coalition of nations, and ambitious, but when at the edge of their reach they could not even provide adequate roofing for their soldiers' heads, one would think they might at least consider themselves reaching too far. But men were greedy, especially those with the least need. The Highmark nations were where everyone wanted to live, but it was impossible to get in without authorization and bribery. But for Gideon, the north would always be his home. It was wild and free, dangerous, but not always so. And he supposed this was his calling, his call to arms. This is how he would defend his home, by delving into the depths when none other dared. He could only hope he could come back in one piece.
Out of the corner of his eyes, he saw the curtain shift, disturbed. It might have been the wind, but he got up anyway, pulling back the tattered cloth, revealing a startled woman. She seemed middle aged, weathered, older than she ought to have been. Underneath the dirt and soot, he was sure he would find a striking woman.
Is there anything I can do for you? Gideon said.
At first, the woman hesitated, beginning to speak, then silencing herself. Finally, she said, I'm sorry to bother you, and quickly made to leave.
Wait, it's okay, Gideon said, catching her arm. It's no bother. What can I do for you?
She turned, looking at him with mellow, honeydew eyes. It's- I- I just-
Please, take a seat, Gideon said. Not such a comfy cot, I apologize.
Oh, it's fine, thank you, she said, gathering up her heavy, stained dress as she sat down. I'm so sorry to bother you, she said, pushing her hair behind her ear, looking away. I'm June, she said.
Pleased to meet you, I'm Gideon. I'd offer you some refreshment, but I'm afraid I don't have any, Gideon said. Hospitality is not exactly a priority here, I don't imagine.
She looked at the floor, studying her raw toes, when she suddenly looked up to Gideon. They say you are going to the mines in the morning?
Gideon nodded. I am, along with my associates.
I have a request of you, she said. For two years, my husband, Jacob, has worked in the mines, while we raised our daughter here in our shed. The pay was good back then, but now, no one gets paid, she said, looking away wistfully. A month ago, my husband was working in one of the deeper shafts, and he never came back. I was hoping that, if in your journey, you came across any information, anything at all Her voice was breaking, and she held her fist to her mouth.
Of course, Gideon said, alarmed. He knelt next to her on the floor. If I come across anything, I will be sure to do everything in my power.
Thank you, she said. It's been so hard Little Lily keeps asking me where papa is, and I don't know what to tell her anymore. I don't know what to do He has a greenstone wedding ring, he always wears it. It looks like this, she said, holding up her index finger. On it was a simple ring, carved out of a common polished green stone. I'm sorry, I can offer you nothing in return
I wouldn't hear of it, Gideon said. Anything I can do, I will, I promise. If he is in those depths, then I will do everything I can to find him.
Thank you. You are so kind
Please, go to your daughter, Gideon said. 
He sat down on the cot after she left, ruminating. Perhaps he had been wrong, thinking he could do nothing. Indeed, he could find June's husband, Lily's father. He could do something real and tangible for somebody deserving. Perhaps then his father wouldn't think so badly of him, from his grave.
Gideon unbuckled his armor, and relieved himself of his heavier clothing. It would be a chilly night, but he figured he ought to get used to it. After all, it's not as if June was complaining about the cold, and so how much of a right did he have?

Joseph moved to continue typing, but paused, cursing. Dammit, he had to do his laundry, didn't he? It could wait No it couldn't. He was already wearing the same pants for the fifth time. Crap. Poo. He went to his closet and pulled out his hamper, lurching under its weight. 
As he shambled down the stairs to the basement, he thought about where he was going to take Gideon. The mines would have to be pretty creepy, and there would have to be some serious stuff happening, given all the buildup. But what would it be? God, he really ought to plan this stuff out a lot better. When would he learn? He had an idea, but it was taking form subconsciously, and it would only come out when he started writing. 
He poured the thick blue liquid detergent into the washer and dumped in his clothes. Then he poured the fabric softener, and started the beast churning. It took him a moment to return to his room, and he seemed to drag his footsteps, seeing as when he got back to his computer, he knew he would have to continue writing, not quite knowing where things would take him.
But then he was at his computer, and there were those words, those morphemes, those damn fundamental units of language, and there was the computer and the white screen, and there he was typing yet again.

The next morning, Gideon awoke to his sister, tapping impatiently against the wall.
Rise and shine, brother dear. Time to plunge into darkness.
It took him a few minutes to get ready, and he buckled his leather armor slowly, making sure not to omit any precautions. He pulled out his longsword, and swung it idly. It hadn't seen any action in a while, but he had the feeling that pleasant spell would be broken soon enough.
So you ready for this? Gideon said as he appeared from behind the curtain of the room.
Of course, Gwendolyn said. Should be a nice practical exam, as far as I'm concerned. How will I hold up under real world pressure?
You've done admirably so far, Gideon said. I haven't forgotten the whole cannibal debacle, and I'm sure you haven't either.
For just a shadow of a moment, he detected the shadow of a smile tugging at the corners of her mouth. It disappeared as quickly as it had come, however, at the sight of the marshal and his Legionaries, standing with Drake at their side. 
They walked without speaking, heading through the dirt roads of the settlement. People watched the procession from their shacks and tents as they passed by, muttering to themselves, yet when spied, falling silent. The shacks grew sparse, the people sparser, and then they were at the end, in the pits, with mining carts spewing rotten ore on their sides, and throngs of Red Legionaires, standing at attention in front of the entrances, as if expecting assault from the darkness at any moment.
They clambered down amidst the machinery and tools, the miners watching from the edge. They came to one of the openings, and stopped. Both the marshal and Drake were stone cold and silent, but the Legionaries, looking to one another nervously, seemed as if they were about to open a cage full of lions.
Well, agents of the governor, the marshal said. This is where I leave you. He nodded to his men, who handed off torches, and then left with his retinue, not a few of whom looked back, as if expecting to see them for the last time.
Drake wasted no time, and walked into the cavernous opening as if embarking upon a walk in the park. Gwendolyn followed suit, and that left Gideon staring at that gaping darkness, opening up before him like a maw. He would much rather have stayed in the light, but the shadows called. Still, as he stepped in, he couldn't help but feel the spiders crawling in his chest.
He held his torch out, and the bending fire illuminated the rocky walls of the cavern. The jagged, ragged textures caught the burning light at strange angles, and it seemed as if he were traveling down the throat of some vicious creature. There was still some light from the entrance, but the deeper they traveled, the more it dissipated. It was one thing to be traveling in the dark of the night; it was quite another to be traveling into the dark of the earth.
Gwendolyn turned, her face lit by the warmth of her torch. She looked at him, suddenly seeming like the little girl he once knew, afraid of the dark. But then she turned, and she was hard again, hard as the walls surrounding them. 
Metallic tracks, used for mine carts, lay buried in the pale and rotten mixture of rock and rock dust on the floor. They followed the tracks, snaking down the tunnels. There was ample room to walk, with wooden beams holding up the earth at odd intervals, long lightless lanterns bolted to the wood.
Frightened yet? Drake said, turning around, smiling in that slight, cocky way.
I'm more frightened by the streets of Wake's End at night than I am of an empty tunnel, Gideon said.
Yes, but there aren't any boogeymen on the streets of a city, Drake said. No phantom creatures to snatch you out of the darkness. Drake turned and made his way under a collapsed beam. But, then again, I don't suppose a hero such as yourself would have anything to fear from a tunnel.
What's that supposed to mean? Gideon said.
Oh, I'm aware of your actions in the Rosarian siege, Drake said. Rather miraculous, I would say. No common man would have been able to do what you did.
Gideon remained silent; he had nothing to say. Instead, he focused on maintaining a sense of direction. It would be all too easy to lose one's way in those dark, winding tunnels. The light from the entrance had long since faded away, and the fire was the only thing separating them from blackness.
Suddenly, the path opened up, and they found themselves looking down a coarse shaft, cut with boards and wood structures, a large pulley system guiding a rope down into the abyss.
Well then, Drake said. He dropped his torch down the shaft and watched as the light flew down into darkness. Deep, he said, testing the strength of the pulley rope. Now the real fun begins. He latched onto the rope and quickly slid down, his gloves absorbing the burn.
He's insane, Gwendolyn said, peeking over the edge. I'm not going down there. I can't even see to the bottom.
Can't you light it up or something? Gideon said.
Gwendolyn looked at him drolly, taking a deep breath. She focused, spoke some indecipherable words, and shot out a bolt of light down the shaft. Its glow lingered, giving them a sense of the depth.
God, that's even worse, Gwendolyn said. Look how deep it is! So far to fall
Gideon braced himself and, dropping the torch down below and grabbing the rope tight in hand, he began his descent down, trying to rappel as much as he could. It was a long way down, and his heart beat against his chest, but he eventually touched ground. He picked his torch up and looked around. No sign of Drake. After a moment, he heard a light step behind him, and saw his sister dismounting from the rope.
Can you do any of those glowy orb things? Gideon said.
Gwendolyn spoke and two bright orbs traced their way from her fingertips, one moving to hover over each of their heads. It's called Demontaigne's Illumination, she said.
Glowy orb things, Gideon said. I'm a yeoman, remember?
They were in the heart of the earth now. The dark was absolute and overwhelming. To look at the edges of their light was to witness a battle, back and forth, of sight and blindness under walls of stone and iron. It was a profound feeling, to be surrounded by the structure of the world, encased in substance and material. How much manpower must it have taken to carve out such passages with tool and blood? And for what end? To feed a civilization. The walls grew smaller, more ragged, ravaged by industry. The ceiling grew lower, and it seemed as if the world was slowly seeking to crush him from every direction. Gideon felt like an intruder in the bowels of a creature that would soon begin digesting him alive. He looked to his sister. It was the only thing that kept him from madness.
Gideon yelled as he drew his knife, holding it out frantically.
Boo, Drake said, materializing in front of him.
Gideon cursed. This isn't a game, Mr. Oro.
On the contrary, Drake said. This is the most fun I've had in ages. Come, there are markings in the passageways. Guano. A strange odor. Nothing I've seen before.
Drake led them down one of the side passageways, his hands absent of a torch.
How did you get around without any light? Gideon said.
My eyes are at home in the dark, Drake said. There, look, he said, squatting. The light from the orbs mingled with the firelight and illuminated bestial prints in the sandy dust, along with a thick, pungent, blackish substance smeared across the rock.
Have you any knowledge of creatura? Drake said, looking to Gwendolyn.
She inspected the footprint. It was elongated, and large, but vaguely human. I don't know, Gwendolyn said. I've never seen anything like this before. It's bipedal, obviously. Makes me uneasy.
Why? Drake said, getting up, peering down the corridors.
Nothing that stands on two legs and isn't human is ever good news, Gwendolyn said.
I'd even question the stipulation, Gideon said.
There was a scratching noise from behind, and Gideon turned.
What? Gwendolyn said. Did you see anything?
I thought I heard something, Gideon said. He turned and a brutal screech pierced his ear drums as he felt his legs collapse under him. He screamed, grabbing at the floor, but he was dragged away with a speed he couldn't fathom. Then he was forced upright and looked into the barely visible maw of a nightmare incarnate. But then it screeched, its head rolling back, as he heard a grunt, and the body slumped to the floor.
Well, Drake said, inspecting the black blood on his blade. Looks like we've found our playmate.
Gwendolyn rushed to him on the ground, the glow over her head giving the appearance of a halo. Are you all right? she said.
Yeah, fine, Gideon said, righting himself. What is that thing?
I've no idea, Drake said, moving the creature's limb with the point of his sword. Despite Gideon's distrust of the white devil, hearing that only made him feel worse.
Gwendolyn looked over at the creature. It was hard to make out much in the light, but he looked humanoid, with muscle and bone akin to a man. But the skin was hard, scaly, waxy, and black. The maw was lined with razor sharp teeth and in the sockets of the skull were two opaque eyes. I don't know what it is either, she said. I've never seen it in any of the creatura books in the academy.
I'm not liking this, Drake said, watching as the black blood spilled from the wound on the creature's neck. I'm not liking this one bit.

The darkness of the cavern warped itself around him, the dim light of his screen the only source of illumination. Joseph went back and turned on the light. He liked to write in the dark sometimes. It helped block out the extraneous sensory input, so it was just his consciousness and the screen, though it hurt his eyes.
As Joseph made his way to the basement, he considered where they would go next. It was building up to something, clearly, but what? Joseph just shook his head and loaded the dryer with his clothes. He should know better. When he wrote his novel, the actually good one, he would plan it out meticulously. He would figure exactly where everything was going, where all the characters were headed, and then he wouldn't have to constantly be asking himself the same asinine questions over and over again.
He started the dryer and returned to his room. For his next novel, he would do a good job. For now, he would just keep practicing, honing his craft. And what did it matter if the story turned out to be awful? It wasn't as if anyone would ever read it.

They hid the body as best they could, and moved down the tunnel, attempting to follow the remnants of the creature's tracks. It led them past areas that had once been mined, down paths that seemed much less refined, as if the earth had been broken and savaged by tooth and claw.
In the depths of the mines, they saw torches. They were dim flickers in that sea of darkness, but they stood out, like pinpricks of light in the night sky. Drake motioned them to douse their lights, and they obliged. With slow and silent footsteps, Drake stalked to the torches, blade in hand, and then motioned for them to follow.
Open this, Drake said to Gwendolyn when they arrived.
Open what? Gideon said, but Gwendolyn had already begun chanting under her breath. At first, nothing happened, but as Gideon studied the wall, he saw that strange, vicious symbols began glowing in the rock, and the stone melted to reveal an entrance.
All right, Drake said. Here's the plan. Kill everybody.
What? Gwendolyn said. I'm not killing anybody if I can help it. I'm not a murderer.
Yeah, well, tell that to the giant mutant creature as it cracks your ribs open and eats your heart, Drake said. Quiet, and wait for my signal. Follow close.
Drake moved through the entrance and Gideon followed behind. He gripped his beaten sword in his hand. He could feel the sweat in his palms under the skin of his gloves. His heart raced, and as they passed through the hall, they found themselves in front of a barricaded door.
Okay, Drake said. Blow it down.
What? Gwendolyn said. With what? I'm not quite a master, not yet. I can't do anything you want.
Oh please, Drake said, his voice a harsh whisper. Just blow it down. Nothing will happen to you. I'll do all the killing. Just do it.
Fine, Gwendolyn said, plainly hesitant. Stand back. After a moment of muttering, she raised her hands, and a massive plume of flame burst into existence, slamming against the gate with the force of a gale, tearing it to shreds, leaving a gaping hole in its stead. Several men got up from chairs beyond the passage, shell-shocked, books and meals falling from their laps to the ground.
Hi, Drake said, walking through the hole. He arced his body and cut into the man's throat with savage force, a jet of blood trailing as the body fell. The other man had his sword in hand, but it clattered to the floor, the body a moment after. 
Gideon edged to the passageway, and saw that the room was furnished, with bookshelves and tables, chairs, rugs, even a crackling smokeless fire. Out of the hallways, men appeared in droves, alarmed, with metal in their hands. They were unarmored, with fine silken clothing.
Drake waited as the men rushed to him, but then his image warped, and suddenly there were five of him, leaping about. A warrior slashed at one of the Drakes, and the image warped out of existence. There was a rush of sweat and blood, and the dark, silk clad man leaped at Gideon, only to be tackled to the ground, a knife through his throat.
Gideon, his blade in hand, watched as the savagery played itself out in the firelight of what could well have been an estate in the belly of the earth. He felt compelled to do something, to attack, to strike, yet his blade hand faltered. There were five silken men. Then four. Then three. The Drakes disappeared, one by one, dissipated by precision strikes.
Drake stood at one of the corridors, the men attempting to surround him. Drake looked to Gideon. He had a clean shot at them from behind. Gideon swallowed. He clenched his jaw and rushed, but after a burst of white hot light, one man was down, then another. The final one turned, and gasped as Drake rammed his knife through his belly. Drake cursed, and spat, whipping his knife in the air to get the blood off.
Gideon stepped back. There were dashes of blood everywhere, staining the books, the rugs. A few men struggled, choking, convulsing. Gwendolyn just stood back, covering her face. A man coughed on the floor, gasping for life.
Drake sheathed his knife, his sword, the pale skin of his face spattered with blood. Well then. That is that. He picked out some blood from the corner of his eye. Be careful. Might be more of them hiding in the privy, or something.
Gideon went to his sister and wrapped his arm around her. She tucked her head into his chest, trying to keep a straight face, but failing.
Pretty small operation, Drake said, examining the den, but elaborate as hell. Must have been here for years. Look at the stockpile. That's a hell of a lot of food.
Gideon took his sister into one of the corridors, away from the firelight and the bodies.
Nice armory, Drake said, pointing to one of the adjoining rooms. There were rows of ornate chest plates, gauntlets, greaves. Good thing they weren't expecting anybody. Caught them with their drawers down, so to speak. On the shoulder plates of the armor were emblazoned the symbols of a white hand, savage, clawed, human, but not quite.
Oh ho, jackpot, Drake said, from another room. Mr. Greythorne, take a look at this.
It was a study of sorts, with maps on the walls, a desk, and piles of papers everywhere. Drake was sorting through them, clearly excited. He handed Gideon a letter. It was on weathered paper, recently inked in harsh spidery lettering.

Lord Milton,

The operations in the mines go well. The Highmark's iron supply in the region is being crippled according to plan, and we foresee no problems in the near future. We are well supplied, and we await the next phase of operations. The Bloodborn here will be ready to answer your call.

Mathas and Yorgen manage the raiders well. They continue to ravage the countryside and instill fear in the people. They are swift and brutal, and the Highmark has yet to take adequate measures against them, still unaware that they are a singular force.

I do have a single request, Lord. We have been operating without much knowledge of the other campaigns. What of the insurgency in Wake's End? What of Whitelake? Any news would be appreciated.

I thank you for your time, Lord. The White Hand forever.
-Livenius

Who's Livenius? Gideon asked.
Probably one of the dead guys, Drake said. Why don't you ask?
Gideon just stared at the grim and revelatory words. You'd think they'd encrypt something like this, Gideon said.
Probably just a first draft, Drake said. Besides, they were getting cocky. Anyway, look at this. He took a piece of iron and hit it against the table. Then he opened a flask from nearby and poured the strange liquid over the iron. After a moment, he picked it up, and crumbled it in his glove. Nice, he said, impressed.
Drake took out what appeared to be a pocket watch and put it on the table. But when he opened the lid, there was some sort of an orb instead of any numbering. He stroked the orb with his finger and it came to life, the head of a wizened man appearing holographically projected.
Mr. Oro, the small greenish head said. I trust you interrupt me with good reason.
Of course, your eminence, Drake said. We have infiltrated an enemy stronghold in the mines.
In the mines? In them? Are you mad? the governor said.
It appears to be an international operation, Drake said. You should send a team immediately. There is much evidence here of operations far beyond what we expected.
It seems they call themselves the White Hand, Gideon said. But who are the Bloodborn?
Gideon! his sister cried from down one of the corridors.
Gideon walked out, following her voice. She stood in front of a sealed door.
It's sealed with runes, Gwendolyn said. Do you want me to open it?
Of course not. But what choice did they have? He nodded, and she began tracing her fingers over the door, activating some sort of cryptic energy. And then the light passed, and Gideon opened the door. 
It was a long passage, its walls lined with hanging bodies. They were dry and rotten, long dead and decayed. There were only the remnants of flesh left hanging on their bones. They were like mummies, their flesh and their fluids drained. It was unholy, evil beyond words, and Gideon felt compelled to wretch as soon as the stench hit his nostrils.
Gideon his sister said.
There were rows of pit-like basins in the floor, and at the end of the hall, there was a mangle of occult machinery, something he could not even begin to fathom.
Gideon, I know what they're doing here, Gwendolyn said.
Gideon watched as his sister approached one of the basins in the floor, filled like a vat with a thick, mucous-like liquid. Immersed in the liquid, there was the body of a man, his flesh turning black, his bones morphed, his body different.
Transanguination, an ancient process. They siphon the matter and the energy of the living, Gwendolyn said, and use it to create something else.
Gideon turned away, covering his mouth. All those rows of bodies, hanging from the wall, their matter bled from them while still alive.
Well looky here, Drake said, plucking a shriveled finger off a hanging body. He pulled off the dull green and said, Nice ring. He was still spattered with blood.

Joseph saved and shut the program, journeying once again to the basement. Things were getting pretty weird in Gideon land, weren't they? He grunted, stumbling down the steps. Well, weird was okay, so long as it was worth reading. He opened the dryer and picked up a pair of pants, but cursed. The clothes were still a bit damp. Not wet, per se, but just damp enough to not dry out on their own. He shut the dryer and started it once again.
As he stepped into his room, he almost tripped on a notebook on the floor. He picked it up, putting it to the side. Perhaps he ought to clean his floor a bit? After all this trouble, tripping and smashing his head against his dresser seemed an awfully lame way to go. He picked up some of the notebooks, stacking them. There were papers everywhere. Bills for his credit card, statements from his bank, receipts for gas, receipts for food, receipts for anything imaginable. But then he picked up an envelope, torn open savagely. From the Office of Admissions  Bridgeman University. Why hadn't he burned the thing already? Because he was a tool, that's why. He opened the letter, just to torture himself for no reason.

Dear Mr. Anderson,

The Admissions Committee has met and I'm sorry to say that the outcome has not been favorable for you. This was an unusual year. We've received a record applicant pool of 87,653,548,147 applicants, and were able to admit only a small percentage of that pool for an entering freshman class of 1,343.67, so at least you are just one of many losers.

We realize you may or may not be disappointed with this decision. We could not admit all the qualified students who applied to Bridgeman this admission cycle. Our choices reflect the strength and size of our applicant pool, and they may or may not be judgments on your humanity or fitness for society at large. Rest assured that your rejection has nothing to do with your grades, accomplishments, test scores, athletics, extracurricular activities, economic or social status, race, gender, or penis/breast size.

The Admissions Committee made each decision in the context of the other applications and therefore we cannot provide specific reasons why certain students were not offered admission. The enclosed Statement to Candidates to Go Fuck Themselves gives an overview of the process. We know this explanation may or may not be consoling, but it is as much as can be practically given.

We very much appreciate the time, care and effort you put into your application and hope you will accept the best wishes of the Committee for all your future endeavors selling hotdogs.

He looked at the folded piece of paper, the ink smeared, the colors bleeding, machine stamped with the ghostly remnant ink of an acceptance letter printed upside down.
Joseph logged into his email, his fingers moving mechanically, out of habit rather than expectation, when his world collapsed around him.
The young girl stood, smiling, her face washed in sun. Golden plumes of hair rolled across her face like the rolling seas of summer. She stood balanced, one leg bent, the curve of her legs giving rise to form and flesh born of the burning furnaces of prehistoric earth. The grace of her fingers, her curves, the rhythm of her muscle and bone giving shape to her soul. Her wings outstretched in rapture as the winds made peace with her spirit. 
Hers was a beauty that struck with the force and vigor of a tidal wave, overwhelming, yet sweet like warm summer rain. It was like watching the sky blossom and melt with color, like feeling the breath of the morning awaken the senses, like seeing a rose rising from the remains of a dead world.
She was an ode to the human being, the human creature, living proof that goddesses were overrated, that man had crafted god in his own image, not the other way around. She smiled, radiating light and life the way a Madonna never could. She was a living renaissance, the essence of humanity, distilled.
She had an aura that made him want to live a better life, that inspired him to aspire to more than he had ever dreamed possible. It was a moment of catharsis and profound insight, yet it was a vision that vanished as quickly and suddenly as it appeared, leaving him to question whether it had been miracle or madness.
Extravagantly Successful Young Person of the Day: Emma Watson. Famous for playing Hermione in the Harry Potter films, she expressed an interest to act from the tender age of 6. She had never acted professionally before Harry Potter propelled her to fame and fortune. She was the youngest person to appear on Teen Vogue Magazine, and she has admitted that she has enough money never to have to work the rest of her life. However, she has declined to leave school to become a full-time actress, saying 'People can't understand why I don't want to but school life keeps me in touch with my friends. It keeps me in touch with reality.'
Joseph had grown up with Harry Potter. It was strange for him, remembering the stars of the first film, nothing more than little tykes, knowing that he was the same age when he sat in the theater watching. He was a cute little kid too when first venturing into that magical world. And now look at her, an elegant young woman. And now look at him, a fucked up nobody loser with a gut.
It was hard for Joseph, reconsidering Harry Potter. It was distilled from a whole panoply of fantasy cliches. It was unoriginal, unsophisticated in language, and uninformative. Compared to the giants of high literature, it was downright provincial. And yet for all the intellectual arguments, he still liked it. Of course, he never would have admitted it to anyone, ever, but there it was, he liked Harry Potter. But he liked it for a reason. Namely, because the reality was, he would certainly rather have been at Hogwarts, learning spells and magic, than high school, or fucking Glory Hole, for that matter. In fact, that's probably why the franchise did so well in the first place. It was escapism, perhaps, but exactly what were people escaping from? Whatever it was, it was not something that could be written off as juvenile boredom; it was a mortal force. Escape was a powerful word. People don't escape from the simply mundane. They escape from fucking Alcatraz.
He looked at the image once more. To think, there were thousands of other people who had seen that photo, but nobody was looking at her in quite the same way as he. He looked upon the pixellated image, having made finite something infinite through a map of bits. But such was the injustice of a digital world. And such was the injustice of fiction. He sat around on his butt, surfing the web, but found himself navigating to the Bridgeman University website, as if it drawn to it by the death star's tractor beam. He saw the smiling faces, the promises of wealth and happiness. He had been to that site too many times to count. Joseph looked at the application deadline  he still had a few weeks. He was planning to apply anyway  may as well start filling out the form, once again.
He logged in with his username and navigated to where he had left off. 

Name and Address: Off to a good start!
Demographic: White like the devil.
Arbitrary Test Scores: High like Stoner Tim.
Academic Distinctions Since the 9th Grade: Honor roll, top 3% of graduating class, in the words of Beck, hell yes.
Extracurricular Activities: Debate team (cause my mother made me), chess club (cause my mother made me), French Horn for a while before I realized I hated French Horn, Shadowcraft, homework, trying not to kill myself
Work Experience: Packin' boxes (Hey, someone's gotta do it)
And now COMMENCE THE INQUISITION.

1. Evaluate a significant experience, achievement, risk you have taken, or ethical dilemma you have faced and its impact on you.
After applying to several schools, I was only able to get into a university I didn't particularly want to attend. However, I had no choice, so I attended said institution for a year. It was one of the most disillusioning experiences I've ever had in my life. It made me question the nature of education in this country and its role in society. While I have studied and worked hard all my life, trying to make something of myself, I did not feel that this institution was providing me the environment to grow, despite my best efforts. Indeed, I felt I was continuing an institutional process of conditioning and societal shaping, and I made the decision to drop out, not because I was lazy or unwilling to open my mind, but because it was crushing my spirit, and it was simply not where I wanted to be, and despite currently being at a loss in my life, I know it was the right decision. I would rather be alive and stupid than educated and dead any day of the week.

2. Indicate a person who has had a significant influence on you, and describe that influence.
My mother. She has always believed in me and wanted me to do my best. Let's leave it at that.

5. Describe a character in fiction, a historical figure, or a creative work (as in art, music, science, etc.) that has had an influence on you, and explain that influence.
Kurtz, from Heart of Darkness. He is a man with immense power and the ability to influence society around him to an unprecedented level. I would use that power, but for good Also, he put heads on stakes on his front lawn. Not a guy you want to screw with.
In addition, I've come to look up to Daniel Plainview as a man who knows how to achieve his dreams, using any means necessary. He is cold, brutal, efficient, and unsympathetic  just like how western society wants me to be.
I also particularly admire Anton Chigurh. He really knows how to deal with people.

7. A range of academic interests, personal perspectives, and life experiences adds much to the educational mix. Given your personal background, describe an experience that illustrates what you would bring to the diversity in a college community, or an encounter that demonstrated the importance of diversity to you.
All my friends are white. And look at me now.

9. Describe what kind of leadership experience you have had since the 9th grade?
Well, see, here's the thing

12. Which languages other than English can you speak, read or write?
I'm American.

17. Please list the cities and countries where you have lived, with years of residence in each.
The fields of asphodel  all my life.

18. What do you think of man's place in the universe?
Whoa. Really? Wasn't expecting this. Okay, well, I think man has the ability to contemplate and comprehend the universe, yet it's all pretty overwhelming when you really think about it, so before falling off the precipice, he recoils into his shell, demarcates his isolated world, and lives oblivious to the things that really matter. An easy life, a simple life, a normal life, in the suburbs.

19. Does free will exist, or is it all epistemological illusion? Explain.
What the hell? How am I supposed to explain that? Okay, well, I believe that human beings are hard wired machines, at least in partial. We are coded by DNA, formed by genetics, according to a blueprint we have no control over. Some of us are formed according to beautiful, powerful, intelligent blueprints, while others get the short end of the proverbial genetic stick. We have preprogrammed impulses and behaviors we follow, that we can do very little to alter. Common logic dictates that the soul and the corporeal body are separate entities; this is dualism, and this is wrong. Consciousness is a process of the physical brain; without the brain, there is no you. In many ways, you are your brain. The brain operates on many different levels, but we can consider three of such fundamental levels of operation in regards to our inquiry. There is a primordial, primitive brain that thinks in terms of fundamentals  food, sex, and material subsistence  and it ultimately controls much of our lives over the course of the years. There is a 'middle' brain that operates according to emotion, and it is overwhelmingly powerful, able to overtake conscious thought in a heartbeat. Then there is your immediate consciousness, the part you have active control over, but it is indeed at the mercy of many powerful forces. And in the grand scheme of things, we have a lot less control over ourselves than we would like to think. Whether we have any real free will is a matter of definition, semantics, and philosophical, ideological, and religious interpretation. 

20. For all the pain and suffering in the world, is life really worth all the trouble? And why? Explain.
Uhhh ohhh kay Honestly, I don't know. I am forced to ask myself this question every day I awake. I do not understand why I exist or how I have come to be. I do not know what I am doing in this reality, on this planet, with these people. Most days I feel as if I am some place else entirely. Why live when there is so much pain? Why live when every day is pain Religion provides answers to such questions, but they ring rather empty to me for the most part. So where does that leave me? I follow social norms. I apply to an elite educational institution, a school with spectacular departments in English, philosophy, psychology, the arts, the sciences, and so on. I try to go some place where I can perhaps grow and find answers, and, more importantly, find a way to make peace with this existence and live the best life that I possibly can. Is life really worth it? I guess it depends. I would like it to be. Believe me, I really would.

21. Do you like ham?
do I like ham? I, uh Yes, yes I do. I love ham. Yummy yummy ham ham. Ham is amazing, and delicious, and oh so good for the soul. I am a ham fanatic. If you admit me, I will eat ham all day and night, and video tape it for proof. You don't believe me? Why then, you do me a disservice by underestimating the tenacity of my digestive enzymes which can process ham at the rate of Actually, I don't know what the rate is, but I can do experiments! BY GOD I CAN DO EXPERIMENTS!

22. Let's face it. You're never getting into our school. You are worthless slime. Your transvestite aunt's left testicle probably has more leadership experience than you. So why don't you go fuck a goat, or something else befitting your worth as a human being.
Hey! You know what? Fuck you!

23. No, fuck you.
(End of application)

Joseph saved and logged out. He would gather his recommendations later.
He shut his computer down and looked outside his window, seeing nothing but darkness, like the gaping maw of the earth about to swallow him whole. He went to the bathroom, brushed his teeth, went back to his room, changed clothes, shut off the lights, grabbed Mr. Cuddlesworth, and went to bed. It was nice to feel the fur against his face, just like ten years ago, when all was well in the world. But it wasn't well, was it? Not even then. It was just as bad. He just couldn't feel it. He shut his eyes and tried to go to sleep, then snapped them open in rage. Dammit, he forgot the laundry.



Chapter 8



From the bridge of his Precursor space vessel, Commander Zelnick could see all of the cosmos before him. There was a whole galaxy to explore, waiting for him, with countless star systems composing a reality both vast and staggering in breadth. He watched as the nebulae churned, the stars burning brightly in the distance, their ancient light guiding his travel.
His fledgling Alliance of Free Stars was growing. The peaceful Pkunk, interstellar birdmen, the quirky Spathi, the Zoq-Fot-Pik, strange mushroom things, all had pledged their support to Zelnick against the insidious Hierarchy, led by the Ur-Quan overlords. Yet the fate of the Earth hung in the balance. Trapped under the crimson Ur-Quan slave shield, the Earthlings were defiant, but powerless.
Zelnick, all that was left of Earth's active resistance, led his fleet across the galaxy in search of minerals and technology, hoping to combat the Hierarchy in earnest. Humanity would not go down without a fight, and Zelnick would give all that he had to ensure that this was so. Zelnick could not win alone, he knew, but there were other races, other repressed beings out there, somewhere in the cosmos, and he would find them, rallying them to his cause. This galaxy would not be doomed to the might of militant despots. Life in that realm of existence was too precious to be wasted in enslavement and subjugation. All beings of the galaxy had the right to life and freedom, so long as they did not use their time in this realm to injure others, and it now fell upon Zelnick to ensure that this would one day no longer be just an ideal, a hope that the enslaved human race clung to under a crimson sky, but an actual way of life.
But as Zelnick contemplated his next move, his transmitter picked up a call.
Yo, man, haven't talked in a long time. What's up?
Hailing party, identify yourself! Zelnick said. Or else be warned, we will open fire!
It's Aaron. Dude, we're gonna be catchin' a movie later, you wanna come?
Zelnick studied his options. It could very well have been a trap! Affirmative. I shall meet you after my dentist appointment.
Coo. The line went dead.
Joseph looked at the time in the corner of his screen. He would have to leave soon for the dentist's. Returning his attention to the game, he saw the archaic graphics, a visual representation consisting of nothing more than a handful of pixels, yet he was struck by how magnetic something so apparently primitive could be. Indeed, one might even call its underlying structure sophisticated. After all, how else was he supposed to actually explore the galaxy other than in a game? Star Wars only took you so far
Joseph opened his webportal to check his email, and was surprised to see an image of a masked phantom girl. Extravagantly Successful Young Person of the Day: Shakti. Made her fortune in the adult entertainment industry  started her own agency and company selling associated products, and sold it all to a multinational conglomerate. Took her money and hasn't been heard from since. Great. To think, some dumb bitch got rich by fucking. If only he had been born well-endowed He checked his email and was greeted by cheap porn. He shut off his computer and with the weight of the world bearing on his chest, left yet again for the dentist's.
He pulled out of his driveway and rolled over the mud stained snow, into a world both sterile and barren. No minerals or technology to be found here, that was for sure. And if there were, it wasn't worth the danger of a landing expedition  the men would all come back with frozen testicles.
Joe pulled into that familiar strip of buildings, parking. Upon entering the office, Vicky greeted him.
Hi Joey, be with you in a sec, she said from behind the desk. Joseph laid the insurance forms down. Okay, come in and take a seat.
Joseph walked in and sat on that robotic chair from the future.
Hello, Joseph, Dr. Bhatia said from across the room. You been rinsing with hydrogen peroxide?
Like a motherfucker, Joseph said.
Good, that's what I like to hear, the dentist said.
Open wide, Vicky said, placing a plastic cartridge in his mouth. Now bite. The turret pivoted on its axis and zapped its science-fiction rays at his jaw. She plucked the plastic from his mouth.
Joseph looked at the ceiling, recalling the familiarity of waiting. He had been seeing Dr. Bhatia ever since he was a little kid, before he even picked up Harry Potter. Back then Joe used to think the dentist was the devil. Then he grew up and realized the devil was the man. Then he grew up some more till he realized there was no devil, only death, and that the idea of a devil was not so dissimilar to science fiction.
Hey hey, no work today! Dr. Bhatia said from behind.
Joseph turned in his seat to see Vicky and the dentist scrutinizing an x-ray over the projected light. What do you mean? Joe said. I thought I had a cavity.
Not anymore, the dentist said. It healed. Come, look. I know you are an artist, but learn something.
Joseph complied and examined the spectral prints of his bony chompers on the lightbox.
See this x-ray, with that dark spot from last time? Dr. Bhatia said. And now  no dark spot. I mean, you don't need a fucking PhD to see the difference.
How did that happen? Joseph said.
Dr. Bhatia furrowed his black-gray eyebrows, readjusting his boxy glasses. You know, I took a class where this one guy was talking for five fucking hours on the gums of teenagers, but he said that if you cut the gums a certain way, they can just heal.
Really? Joseph said. Well, that's nice. I wasn't looking forward to getting a filling.
Yeah, Dr. Bhatia said, putting his solid arms on his hips. Well, now you know why I wanted to wait before I filled the cavity. I'd rather try and do it right, as opposed to some other fucking doctors where they'll do unnecessary work for a few extra dollars.
Well, thank you, Joe said. I really appreciate it.
Draped in hospital-blue scrubs, Dr. Bhatia stood, feet planted, shaking his head. You know, my father was a gynecologist, in India, Jesus fucking christ, but he told me  son, when you are with people, do what is right. They come to you, and they don't know what is right  they trust you. Don't do what is wrong just for some extra money. It's not worth the price. Dr. Bhatia was not a young men. He had not always been so solid, as Joseph remembered him from his childhood. He had had black hair, and he was of a slighter build back then. Now the man was gray and burgeoning. Joseph watched as the office light struck his neck, diffusing over the bumpy, even texture of his brown skin. He looked for all intents and purposes like a man who really knew what he was doing, and what he was about.
Well, I'm glad I've entrusted my teeth with you all these years, Joseph said.
Yeah, well, at least you take care of your teeth. I'm telling you Joseph, it's not bad being a dentist, but man, sometimes, when you have to get up on the weekends to go clean people's dirty mouths he said, throwing up his hairy arms.
Well, at least it's a real job, Joe said. In my line of work, I pack boxes, and get paid in packing pellets.
Yeah, well, I'm sure you'll do something worth a damn some day, Dr. Bhatia said. But in this economy, young man, just go home, drink some whiskey, and be happy.
Joseph nodded as he moved to exit. But on his way out, he saw a little Mexican boy bundled in a winter coat too big for him, struggling against his mother as she coerced him towards the glass door of the office. The door opened and they stepped in, but one look at the dire eyebrows of Dr. Bhatia and the kid went screaming into his mother's arms. She kissed him and kept saying Vamos, as the doctor lumbered up to him slowly. As Joseph stepped out of the office, he looked back to see the little kid's eyes drenched with fear soaked tears. Dr. Bhatia opened the glass door and motioned the boy's mother out, detaining the boy himself with savage grip. As the mother stepped out of the office, Joseph felt the tremor of the boy's screech shake his heart. MAMA DON'T LEAVE ME! The mother looked in distress through the glass. The doctor locked the door. And even outside, Joseph could hear the roar of the doctor's voice, Vicky, get the velcro! And Joseph watched as like a prisoner to an electric chair, they strapped the boy in.
As Joseph pulled out, he couldn't help but feel haunted by the boy's anguished screams. He wanted to be a bastard about it and write the boy off as a big baby, but clearly the kid believed that he was being put in serious, imminent danger, otherwise he wouldn't have been so afraid. And as Joseph passed the mangled wreck of a smashed car on the road surrounded by flashing lights, he wondered if the man in the stretcher wanted his mommy.
He parked his car in the theater lot, not without a sense of dj vu. How many times had he been there? Didn't people do anything else other than stare at the giant screen with its magic visions? He called up Aaron on his cell phone.
Hey, what's up? Aaron said, his voice tinny through the speaker.
What movie am I buying a ticket to? Joe said.
Weed Ranchers.
Joseph was not a religious man. Nor was he superstitious. The Jesus man and voodoo politics, it was all the same to him. He didn't believe in fate, or fortune, or predestination, or anything of that sort. Luck was a human construct, and most of the time such things were just stories made up by people to make things more interesting than they really were. But sometimes he felt like, somewhere out there in the cosmos, was a mischievous devil imp that had killed his guardian angel and dedicated his life to pissing Joseph off in the most wicked, scathing, banal manner possible. It made for a better story than 'shit out of luck.'
He coughed up his hard earned cash and entered the darkened theater. The movie was already playing, and he searched out a hand waving in the darkness.
Sup, Joe? Aaron said, cramming his mouth with a fistful of popcorn. Something happened on screen and Aaron roared with laughter, spewing bits of half chewed popcorn everywhere like a geyser. Joseph wiped off the kernels from the seat next to him and sat down.
Aaron leaned over to the other side, speaking something loud yet undecipherable. Apparently he was there with friends. Joseph just sat back and watched as the drug dealer with the long hair drove along the road, looking this way and that as the Hawaiian doll bobbed to and fro with the movement of the car.
The dealer looked in the back seat, and blew a kiss. My sweet sweet weed. Oh, what would I do without you? I love you, my sweet weed. I want to marry you, and make sweet weed love to you, and have sweet weed children with you, and AHHHHHH! Just then, an elephant was air dropped from the sky and careened into the back of the car, smashing the car, and the weed, into slow motion oblivion. MY WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED!
The elephant sat up and inhaled the fumes of burning car mingling with the ganja, and roared its trunk in ecstasy. It then proceed to hump the somehow reconstituted car, its giant elephant penis hard as a tree trunk. The audience roared with laughter as the drug dealer finally got out of the burning car, terrified not by the fire, but by the prospect of the elephant's climax. But then the car exploded, and the elephant was torn apart in a shower of gore. The drug dealer looked about, dazed, as bits of elephant meat covered his coat.
Oh my god! Aaron cackled, between bouts of hysteric laughter, the popcorn spilling from his mouth, not so unlike a shower of elephant gore.
Joseph watched as the police arrived, and the Yakuza, and then the hysterics ensued in earnest. A fat man with a white-man afro came riding on a scooter as the police and the Yakuza shot at each other, but ran out of ammo, and so resorted to throwing giant chunks of bloody elephant meat at each other, like a snowball fight, but with flesh. The fat white afro man said to the drug dealer, Yo, man, we gots ta' get that weed, man!
The elephant smoked it all before it died, dude! the drug dealer said.
Where the hell that elephant come from, yo? The fat white afro man said.
Air dropped!
By who?
Out of the sky came giant floating wooden ships, lifted by magic eagles, the jolly roger flying high above.
Pirates, back for revenge!
The giant floating eagle pirate ships shot their cannons, spewing balls of cheese everywhere. But then the drug dealer and the fat man drove across Antarctica on a tricycle. They played ball with a polar bear, then got the polar bear high, and killed it, and ate its meat raw, the gore trailing their bloody lips. Then the Cuban military came with chopper planes and missiles, and blew up Antarctica. The water levels rose and swallowed up San Fransisco, so the drug dealer and the fat man went underwater in search of weed, but then they found some sea nymphs that had magic weed growing from their pubises, and the only way they could get them was by having sex with them. So they did, and they went to Montana and smoked the sea nymph pubic hair and got super high. But then the pirates wanted it, but unbeknownst to them, the sea nymph pubic hair gave the drug dealer and the fat man super powers, and they pulled out guns and shot the pirates dead with magic pubic bullets, the pirates exploding in gore like water balloons filled with ketchup. Joe looked to the time, and saw that it had only been half an hour.
It was about this time that Joseph disconnected. He looked around, to see himself surrounded by a pack of hyenas, laughing as if it were their last day on Earth, or perhaps as if they would live forever. He folded his fingers quietly, and stared as the produced light overwhelmed matter. 
Yet he was tired of this. There was an anger in his stomach, coiling, beginning to burn like a cheap, dangerous Chinese fire cracker. Why did it have to be this way? Why did they do this to him, to them? Why would that cold apparatus of industry always turn its avaricious gaze to the things that mattered most? Why couldn't it be content with the untold wealth it had already stripped from the earth? It was a machine, a watching overlord in the sky, its bleeding eyes many and its reach unsurpassed. He watched the magic, he watched the mesmerizing lights, and he watched as the slave shield was shut.
The world lightened, words passed by in the sky, and Joseph found himself in his car, with instructions to follow blindly. His mind had switched off, and he no longer existed. He functioned without reason, he breathed without meaning to, and he was nothing more than the shell of a machine following orders.
Cars passed by, and he avoided them in stupor. There were bright lights, and then cold, and he was outside, in front of more bright lights. He stepped inside. It was warm, and it smelled like satiation. The sound of metal and glass, clinking, subtly, like the ambiance of a really boring movie. He sat down, and was surrounded. He looked up, and he spoke without words, mumbling a tune that pleased whoever was listening. Haunting faces, their forms bleeding into the soft hues of the dim background. The atmosphere was different, and it grew difficult to breathe. There was nothing to do but suffocate. What would death be like? Probably not so different.
The pain blasted his mouth, scorching his palate, and his jaw unhinged, dropping as if it was weighted with ballast. Joseph's vision snapped into focus and he saw that everyone around the table was staring at him as if he had suffered brain damage in early childhood (and perhaps he had at that). Joseph looked to the table mat below his face, and saw it soaked with liquid. His eyes glanced upward once again. Hot tea, was all that he managed to murmur. The others returned to their conversations.
As he wiped his mouth with the napkin, the food arrived, and he ate his noodles, the only thing he could afford. They tasted strange, but his stomach was like a desperate hooker, willing to accept anything at that point in life. There was Aaron, who was majoring in physical education. He was hoping to be a gym teacher. There was his girlfriend, Nancy, who was majoring in political science, but thought John Locke was just a television character. Then there was John, who was studying to be an accountant. It was a good job, with steady pay and no overtime. Then there was his girlfriend, Joan, also studying to be an accountant. It was a good job, with steady pay and no overtime. Then there was Chase, who was about to graduate as a graphic designer, who was about to marry Lydia, who had started in psychology, but switched to journalism. Apparently they all went to the same school. Apparently they liked it very much. Sounded like Ol' Glory.
Joseph had known Aaron in passing from high school. He didn't really like him. He was loud and brash, and a bit barbaric, but his fortune cookie said that he was destined for great things, and who was he to argue with that? Nancy had passionate, everlasting love at her hands. John was a talented visionary whose dominion knew no bounds. Joan was admired by all and people enjoyed having her around. Chase was the master of every situation, and would conquer the world. Lydia would achieve all her desires and pleasures. And as Joseph stepped into his car, his skin feeling the burn of the bitter cold, he cracked open his fortune cookie.
You will die alone and miserable.
Joseph blinked. He folded the slip of paper up, and opened it again, slowly.
You will die alone and miserable.
He held it up to the light. Those were the printed words. Those were the actual, physical, real, fucking words.
Joe shifted gears and slammed on the gas, screaming into traffic. Some damn guy at the fortune cookie factory having fun. And it was a pretty funny joke, he had to admit. In fact, if he worked at the fortune cookie factory, he would sneak in a depressing damnation once every ten or fifteen, so one guy would always feel screwed over while the people around him smiled and jeered. 
A car stopped in front of him and, rather than slowing down, he just shifted into the other lane, speeding past.
You will die alone and miserable.
Godammit! There is no such thing as fate! This doesn't happen in real life! It happens in fiction, in one of his stories, but not in real life! And even in fiction, what kind of cruel, asshole author would do this to one of his own characters? He paused, letting the cold seep into his skin. Son of a bitch. 
The light turned red and he was forced to stop. But then, as he pressed his brakes, the car kept moving. He slammed the breaks, but they did nothing. Frantic, he saw the cars speeding across the intersection, and he engaged his handbrake, but it had been broken for years. His heart beating, he spun the wheel and felt the massive shockwave course through his system. In a split moment of savaged metal, shattered glass, and fury unimaginable, his consciousness faded to black. He opened his eyes to see the world fuzzy and ethereal around him. People moved about. The world was upside down. He felt pain searing his body like a hot brand, and he cried, yet was silent. He saw sheets of thick red syrup splattered across the windshield, his hands, his body, his chest, his gut. There in front of him was his arm, but he couldn't move it. It was only then that he realized that it was no longer connected to his body. As the pain overwhelmed him, and as he screamed out as loudly as he could, he knew that it was over. Curtain call, the blackness draping itself over his eyes in waves. He died. The end. What a good way to end a novel. The light turned green, and he pressed the gas.
As he saw his house, he cringed. The sight of that building seemed to stir resentment as of late, as if he would have preferred to be homeless. He parked and got out, entering his house, slamming the door behind him. He probably shouldn't have done that. His mother was home sick, and was probably sleeping. Whatever.
Joseph stomped to his room and felt like gutting something. Too bad his cat was already dead. He started up his computer and felt like slamming his fist through the damn monitor. Why not? He tapped it with his fingernail, clinking the glass. It was hard, that's why. He wanted to play some Shadowcraft, but he was going to a LAN party later that night, and he would get enough quality time with Cratos then. So he supposed he would write instead. At least it would give him a chance to screw with his characters. 

The hairs on the back of his neck pricked up in response to the bitter chill. His breath clung to the air in front of him, suspended lethargically. Winter was coming, and they were heading further north, leaving any semblance of logic far, far behind.
With the rhythm of the tired horse beneath him, Gideon tried his best to focus on the road ahead. Yet the image of cold, gray, rotten, fleshless faces still haunted him. He could still see them, slack jawed, their sockets hollow, looking to him in supplication. But it was bearable; he had seen dead men before, though never so grotesque and used. That look in June's eyes when he handed her that ring, however, would remain burned in his heart forever. 
They were heading out of the wilderness, slowly. They passed by farmlands, long abandoned, long stripped of anything of worth. Though the trees grew sparser and the buildings more frequent, they didn't seem to be getting any closer to civilization.
So what do we expect at Whitelake? Gideon said.
General Montaron has been laying siege to the city for months now, Drake said. He's expecting us.
Why would a Highmark general be expecting us? Gideon said. Doesn't he have better things to do?
Not really, Drake said. He's got the city surrounded, but he hasn't actually commenced firing on the walls. The Highmark doesn't want the city's walls obliterated, as it would make the city that much more vulnerable after annexation.
So the invaders are just playing with themselves, waiting for the city to starve, Gwendolyn said.
That'd be about right, Drake said.
The three travelers moved across the deserted roads. There was not a soul to be seen for miles, and it left a bad taste in Gideon's mouth. It was what it felt like when the Highmark was laying siege to Wake's End. That had been a much bloodier affair. They ripped the walls to shreds, and burned much of the city down, trying to smoke out the defenders. And look how well that turned out. The northern city-states were harder than the Highmark had expected, and it seemed they were putting their lessons to good use. Better to just wait for the enemy to surrender, and chew on an apple or twenty.
Halt!
Gideon pulled back on the reins, and his sister followed suit.
Who goes there? State your names and your allegiance!
Hold onto your stones, man, Drake said, his beastly horse snorting in impatience. We've come to see the general. We're the governor's agents.
Out of the foliage appeared seven men bearing the Highmark's colors, armed with crossbows. They relaxed. Right then, one of the men said. Head down the road, then north to the fields. You don't want to get close to the city proper, unless you're interested in an arse full of bolts.
The fields were dead, killed by the cold. Any townsfolk that had lived in the countryside would have abandoned their lands long ago, either seeking shelter within the gates, or calling it quits and heading somewhere else, either south, or west to Rosaria. When the Highmark rolled into town, there was no going back  Gideon would know. Such a shame. The fields would have been ready for harvest not so long ago.
But soon, in the distance, they saw the burning fires, the tents lined up like teeth against the horizon. The stir of weaponry, metal, men looking to kill with stayed blades. The flea-ridden thuggish soldiers looked them up and down as they entered the camp, with dread set eyes, searching for an excuse to have some fun. They sharpened weapons. They watered horses. They sat, playing cards and dice. They ate around fires, drinking, the ale dripping down their unkempt beards.
What's your business? a brutal looking man called out, lowering the whetstone from his sword. This is a war camp, not a god damned parade.
Come now, Drake said. Is that how you greet guests? General Montaron is expecting us.
Oh is he now? the man said, getting up. One of his eye's was swollen, his face marked by deep scratches and burns. I suppose he's warmin' up some tea and crumpets for you as we speak. The man spat a thick globule of mucous in Drake's general direction. Give me a god damn reason why I shouldn't cut your fine horse's legs out from under your feet, you dainty cock-sucking puddle o' piss.
Men were standing up, ruinous men, with well sharpened weapons held longingly in their hands. They eyed Gwendolyn with a look that could mean nothing clean. Gideon clasped the handle of his sword. He'd kill every one of them.
Drake sighed, snarling. Listen to me, you inbred brain dead dog of a man. I have no patience for your idiocy. Now lead me to the general, or I will lead your testicles to the tip of my blade.
The man roared, furious, like a wild bear. But before he could raise his blade any further, he was cut off.
All right, all right, enough of that, the newcomer said. I'm Sergeant Meadows. Explain yourselves. You'd best do so quickly, however, seeing as you are indeed surrounded by many men who'd like nothing better than to do you harm.
We are agents of the governor himself, Drake said. We were sent to meet General Montaron. He should be expecting us.
Right, right, Meadows said. Come with me then.
They followed Meadows on horse as he led them to larger tents in the middle of the encampment. The riled crowd sunk back in disappointment.
The men will take your horses, Meadows said, motioning for them to dismount. I'll get word to the general that you've arrived. Privy trenches are on the other side. Make yourselves at home, he said, smiling, gesturing to the trampled, ravaged earth beneath.
Gideon sat on the ground, as far away from anybody else as possible. His sister came and sat next to him.
So what do you think we're going to do next? Gwendolyn said, after a pause.
Gideon rested his head in his hand. I'm pretty sure these men want to rape you.
Well, they're soldiers, and they've been sitting out here masturbating for 3 months. Of course they want to rape me, she said. Don't worry, I can explode their testicles, remember?
How could I forget?
A gaggle of well armored men poured out of one of the tents. Drake went up to greet them.
So what do you think of Mr. Oro? Gwendolyn said.
Gideon stared at him from a distance, his trim pale hair, his silken pale skin, that brutally terse demeanor he always wore, so lofty, so untouchable. I hate him.
Oh, I don't know, she said. He's kind of cute.
Are you insane? Gideon said. He's a mass murderer!
True, she said. But at least he can take care of himself. And usually the people he kills are individuals who would not hesitate to kill him first, given the chance.
Yeah, I guess, Gideon said. And you killed those cannibals. It's not like a court of human justice could really fault you for that. Still, he's just so cold.
He knows what he's doing. It's just a job to him, something he's good at, she said. Not to mention we'd probably be long dead without him.
Drake waved to them impatiently, and they got up and approached the small group of men.
These are the others?
Yes, Drake said. They are my associates, the Greythornes.
Really? I thought House Greythorne was history.
Gideon, Gwendolyn, this is general Montaron, Drake said.
The general was a tall, giant of a man, with an imperious gaze and pristine dyed plate armor, polished to a mirror-like sheen. His long, ragged brown hair complemented his rough stubble and hawk nose. Right then, the general said, walk with me.
They followed the general and his retinue as he passed through the encampment, motioning men at ease as they rose to salute him. So then, gentlemen, and gentlewoman, have you been briefed on the situation here at Whitelake?
Not as of yet, Drake said.
The siege goes poorly, the general said. The Highmark is pressuring me to take Whitelake quickly, yet the walls are old and thick, well crafted. They've defended that city for centuries, and getting past them will be no easy task, especially considering the Highmark wants them intact.
Of course, Whitelake is well defended as well, Drake said.
Yes, and scaling and rampart fighting, bloody business, the general said. Much rather let the bastard northmen starve themselves out. No offense, he said out of hand to the Greythornes. But they're a stubborn lot, just like the men of Wake's End. They have no intention of giving in.
So where does that leave us? Drake said.
In the sewers, the general said. Winter is approaching, and if we don't break this siege soon, my men will have to suffer through the blizzards and the snow and all that other northern devilry. No good for morale, and the costs of this war go up. No, for the past few months, my sappers have been tunneling under their walls, tapping into their sewers. We've recently been successful, and we now have a way in.
Drake cocked his head, ever so slightly. I like where this is headed.
Bjorn! Where's Bjorn? the general said. A man materialized in front of him from a tent. He was a small gray humorless creature. One might imagine him a brutal lightweight boxer, one who took his enemies by surprise. This is Bjorn. He gets things done, the general said holding him by the shoulder. 
Bjorn stood quietly, expressionless, as if vaguely offended or bemused, it was impossible to say. Aye, was all that he managed to produce.
He'll be leading a small group of men to infiltrate the city and bring Whitelake to its knees, the general said. You'll accompany him and support him in burning their remaining grain supplies and foodstuffs. In turn, he'll help you do whatever it is the governor wants you to do in Whitelake. Sound good?
Drake nodded in assent. Yes, that sounds fair. Gideon could almost see Drake licking his lips in anticipation.
Good, good, the general said. You will have precisely three weeks from today to do what you can. If Whitelake doesn't surrender by then, I will unfortunately be forced to make a frontal assault on the walls. It's not preferable, but the demands of the Highmark and the seasons leave me no choice. You leave tonight. Bjorn will instruct you further. God speed. The general Montaron nodded fiercely, then left with his retinue in procession.
Gideon looked to Bjorn, anticipating the details of the mission.
Midnight. Tunnels. And Bjorn was gone.
Gideon just looked to his sister. Somehow, I think this is going to be a good deal more complicated than that.
They passed the afternoon in the camps, avoiding the soldiers as much as possible. Under cover of darkness, they ventured out to the fields where the sappers had been practicing their craft. They met some thirty wraiths, clothed in black, their faces smeared in darkness. A man handed them a tin of soot, and they dug their hands in, covering their faces as well.
Three teams, Bjorn said. Meadows, north. Sanderson, south. I'm east. You three, with me. Any questions? Only the winds on the plains. The men lifted the stone covering, and, one by one, they crawled into the hole, head first.
Gideon felt his stomach roil. The hole looked barely big enough to squeeze in, and dark like a devil's navel. When it was his turn, he paused, collecting himself. He looked to his sister in the slim moonlight, and dove in, saying goodbye to the night.
It smelled of moist earth and darkness. He could see nothing. There was hardly room for him to even move his limbs. He could hear the shuffling of boots ahead and behind, amplified in the close quarters, but other than that, he crawled blind. His heart raced, and he felt suddenly alone in a place worse than any prison cell. It was as if he still existed, but the world no longer did. He was trapped in the void, an abyss, with nothing but the infernal reverberations of grunts and boots and sordid men about to do sordid things occupying his reality. He was nowhere, trapped like a rat in the bowels of the earth. At least in the mines, there had been some semblance of space. What if he got trapped? What if the tunnel collapsed, and he was buried alive? The earth would be his coffin. He felt short of breath. The air was fetid and thick with the stench of ancient soil. He wanted to scream, to cry out for his sister's light. Just some light in that darkness, just a little bit, please, god, help, he didn't want it to end like this 
And then he slid out into an ocean of filth. The putrid mess filled his mouth, his nose, his lungs, and he flailed out, trying to make sense of his space. He felt hands lift him up out of the mess, and he was breathing, the liquid falling in drops from the wet strands of his hair onto his face, but he was breathing.
Slowly, he became aware of men breathing quietly around him, and soft lights flickering into the black void, revealing the gaunt skulls of brutal men, their eyes nothing more than black sockets. The soldiers carried talismans on their bracers, and they glowed a dim amber light, enough to see by, but not enough to be so easily noticed from afar. But, then again, when all the world was black, even the dimmest of lights was a sun.
My team, north, Meadows said. The men gathered and followed him down the presumably northern tunnel.
My team, south, Sanderson said. His men followed suit, in the opposite way.
Rest of you, this way, Bjorn said, and what else was there to do but follow?
He followed the trail of amber as it led him down the murky depths. The stone walls were caked with matter, glistening like the slick texture of a wet lizard's skin. The stench was overwhelming and Gideon covered his face with the crook of his arm, like a man drowning in filth. It was like he was wading through an infected wound as the walls of flesh were rotting away around him. Yet the men tread silent, stark, purposeful like professionals, unaffected. At first, he had wondered as to how such few men could cripple a city, but if they were hardened enough to trudge through such filth without flinching, than perhaps his skepticism was unfounded.
In that darkness, it was almost impossible to maintain any sense of direction, and Gideon could do nothing more than follow. He was led, like a dog lost amidst the vines and the shadows, down the sticky passageways, through the tunnels where any manner of creature could be lying in anticipation. Where was his sister? Had she been left behind? He couldn't see her, only the amber lights, swung on the backs of wrists tense with anticipation.
Then, when Gideon knew that all the world had vanished and all was lost to filth and stillness, they stopped. To the side of the wall, there were footholds leading up, and the men huddled, their breathing heavy with nervousness, but controlled with tempered resolve born of training and experience.
When we go up, we'll be on the city street, Bjorn said, his face lit from below. Alpha, with me, left towards the silo. Beta, to the garrison on the right. Delta, Oro and Gideon, to the guard tower. Silent, quick, neutralize them before they sound the alarm. Once the silo's burning, disperse into the city. Reconvene tomorrow morning in the alleys east of the nearest garden. Sorceress, you're with Alpha. Clear?
But the men muttered, taken aback. She's a sorceress?
Since when did the academy break its neutrality?
Since the governor started spilling his purse.
Shut up, Bjorn said. Move. Now.
And the men were climbing up the footholds. There was a grating noise and dim light at the top. Gideon had no idea what he was doing, but he didn't have any time to reconsider as he was climbing up and suddenly out onto the night streets. He stood stupidly for a moment before he was pulled down and dragged to the side of the street.
Guard tower, over there, Drake said under his breath, pointing to a tall structure overlooking the street.
Gideon followed his hooded partner across the empty sidewalks, past the shuttered buildings, only a few with any light still burning at that time of night. He imagined the city was under marshal law with enforced curfew, due to the siege. Up ahead, Drake turned the corner, and there was a sickening sound of cut flesh. Gideon looked to see the bodies of two city militia being dragged into the alley.
Come on, the tower, Drake said, rushing out. If they raise the alarm before the silo's burning, we're done for.
They passed across the street, past some houses and shops lining the cobbled stone pathways. He remembered passing through the elegant city as a child, with his father. Strange to remember that after seeing two men left for dead in the gutter, by his partner.
As they arrived at the tower, Drake took out a tension wrench to begin picking the lock. Keep an eye out for me, and call out targets. Drake said, his face blackened, like a monster from Gideon's childhood nightmares. There's a big bell at the top. If it rings even once, we're done for.
Then the door burst open and Drake rushed into the stone entrance way, lit by torches on the wall. Not exactly a comfy abode, he said, relaxing as the room was empty. He clambered up the stairs, and they found themselves on the upper floor.
This is the lower perch, Drake said, his voice hushed. There'll be guards behind that door. I'll take care of them, you take the ladder up top, deal with anyone there. Think you can handle that?
Gideon nodded, not knowing what else to do. Drake stalked down the corridor, leaving Gideon to face the ladder leading up to a hatch. It was a dangerous thing. He'd have to pop out quickly and do the deed without any hesitation. He swallowed, touching his face, his own cheeks smeared with darkness as well. This was the job. This was what he had to do. He pulled out his knife and bit the metal with his teeth as he began ascending.
The steps were sturdy, and didn't make any noise as they accepted the weight of his feet. With every step he took, however, his resolve weakened by that much. How did Drake do it? How could he be so merciless? It wasn't murder; it was just a job. It was what he had to do to get by. Think of it, an estate in the south, living with his sister, in peace. She could open up her own sorcery school, and he could take up painting. But not if he choked now. With a brutal breath, he forced the hatch open and burst through the opening, greeting the night of the bell tower and his objective.
Hey, who's Gideon, is that you?
Gideon faced the man in the firelight of the torches, the knife in his hand, behind his back. Was that? No, it couldn't be.
Gideon Greythorne! the man said, raising his arms. I can't believe it! It's me, Ajantis! How many years has it been? He gave Gideon a hug, apparently unaware of Gideon's big bug eyes, wide open in shock and disbelief. 
Ajantis, is that really you? Gideon pulled back, looking into the man's large warm eyes, his soft features heated by the flickering flames and cooled by the quiet moonlight from beyond.
How have you been? Ajantis said, It's been so long! I almost didn't recognize you in that black makeup. Which really doesn't suit you, I'm sorry to say. How's your father? I'd dearly like to have a nice apple pie together with you and your father, just like old times. Well, maybe a glass of wine, now that we've both got stubble on our cheeks.
Oh, uh, Gideon said. I'm afraid he's dead.
Ajantis's features drooped. I'm so sorry, Gideon, he's said. What happened?
Oh, uh, don't worry about it. It was a long time ago. Gideon coughed as he sheathed his knife away from his friend's eyes.
So, Ajantis said, what are you doing here? How did you sneak past the Highmark into the city?
Gideon wiped the soot from his face, shaking his head. Don't ask.
I won't, Ajantis said. And neither will I ask about the stench, he said, pinching his nose in playful disgust.
It, uh, took me forever to find you, Gideon said. I had to ask around everywhere. So you're serving in the Whitelake garrison now?
Yes, well, not voluntarily, he said, scratching his head. I'm a poet, an actor, a playwright, a cook, and a musician, but a warrior I certainly am not. However, the city government has been conscripting all able bodied men into the militia, and it would be a disgrace not to serve my beloved Whitelake when it needs me most.
Gideon nodded. I know how it feels. With Wake's End
An atrocity, Ajantis said. Why can't they leave the north in peace? But the Highmark is powerful for a reason, because of its ambition. We are all but men, and greed and lust are our ways of life these days. Ajantis sighed, leaning against the railing. He looked out at the city below. Is this really what the world has come to? Is this what life has become? To live in fear fear of invasion, fear of infidelity, fear of the foreign and the new? Fear of our very own neighbors
Gideon wiped at the soot on his face. I'd really rather just live in peace, if it was all the same to everyone else.
Agreed, friend, agreed. Would that we were the leaders of men, and not the scoundrels and bloated fiends currently sitting on thrones and council seats, Ajantis said. Look at it, such a beautiful city, with its sparkling lights and quiet streets. Yet the streets are empty, silent with the constricting fear that the threat of violence inspires anywhere in the world. This city is dying. And soon, there will be nothing left but ruins, for generations hereafter to look at in awe and wonder, yet with remorse, for the premature death of something so beautiful, lost forever in its entirety to the history of man. He brushed his hair out of his eyes. How many cities do you think have died this way? he said, turning to Gideon. And how many more before we stop this tired game and lay down our arms for lutes and quills?
Gideon swallowed hard, his heart throbbing. Ajantis, you need to get out of here.
Ajantis nodded. Yes, we all need to get out of the north, don't we? As beautiful as it is, it's just-
No, Ajantis, Gideon said forcefully. Please, as a friend, I'm asking you to get out of here. There's some dark business going on tonight, and if you want to survive this, please, just leave, hide somewhere in the tower, do something, but just get out, okay? I'm going to leave, and you need to-
Ajantis's frown disappeared as his head snapped up and a gush of blood poured out of his gullet. As he slumped over, grasping at his neck, Drake appeared behind him, kneeling on the railing, having climbed up the wall from below, his body crouched against the night sky like a feral predator after the kill.
Nice job, Mr. Greythorne, Drake said, appreciating his handiwork. You provide the diversion, I do the killing. Not a bad way to work, really. He leaned over and plunged his blade into the struggling man's body with sickening force, silencing his sputters. Don't feel bad, really, Mr. Greythorne. He pulled the body into the corner, behind the ropes to the bell up above. I am aware you are not an exceptional killer, but, in all honesty, I do enough killing for the both of us, and there are other ways you can be of use, as you've proven quite clearly just now.
Gideon looked upon the body of his friend, dashed with blood, his throat a savage mess. Gideon felt his heart spill onto his bones. He couldn't breathe, and the feeling wracked his whole body, as if his own throat had been split, as if he lay dying beside his friend, but damned as opposed to freed. Those eyes, those glimmering eyes, wet with life, and now with death, staring up into the sky like a frog, disemboweled.
All right, Drake said, wiping his knife. Watch the streets. Here's a crossbow. Soon as that silo blows, we're going to need to provide the others with some covering fire, cause the whole city's going to be up in arms. God damn it. Drake's voice dropped an octave. See there in the north? It's burning. Meadows's crew already torched their target. This is going to get dicey real quick. Keep your eyes peeled.
The streets below were empty, silent, the cobbled roads catching the muted light of the night sky, torches burning sporadically in lanterns lining the intersections. The buildings rose high, packed together in the tight business district, the rustic architecture an homage to the city's history. But there in the dark, seeing the flicker of that fire to the north of the city, knowing what was to come, there was nothing but dread boiling in the pits of his stomach, the blood still draining from his heart till there would soon be nothing left to flow through his veins.
A slash of light cut through the night like a volcanic eruption. Gideon shielded his eyes, blinded by the explosive light that tore through the city. Further up the street, the silo stood, a ravaged husk of molten framework, burning through the night like a pyre to the gods of destruction.
Drake hooted. Dear god, your sister's a living siege engine! he said, laughing in awe.
Beams fell like bones from the corpse of the silo. Bells were ringing all across the city now, and, in the distance, they could see militia filing through the streets, frantic.
They have no idea what just hit them. This is too good to be true, Drake said, trying to stifle his laughter. Okay, there are our guys. He pointed down the street, and several shadowy forms moved across the sidewalks, swiftly making their way from the wreckage as quickly as possible. From the intersection, they could see a mustered band of militia marching to the ruin, barely maintaining formation. Drake lifted his crossbow to his eyes. Bye bye, friend, he pulled the trigger and the bolt whipped through the air in a furious arc, toppling one of the men to the ground. The men recoiled in shock, almost breaking, unable to comprehend why their own garrison was shooting at them. Get shooting, Drake said as he held the crossbow down with his foot and rewound.
Gideon raised the crossbow at the formation of dark forms in the night. It was just a job. Drake let loose another bolt, tearing another man to the ground. They had spears and blades, but no shields, and were defenseless. Gideon had a clear shot from so high up above, and the men were so clumped, it was impossible to miss. He pressed the trigger and fired the bolt. It slammed into the cobbled street and splintered. Drake silenced another man. Gideon punished the street.
You're a piss awful shot, Mr. Greythorne, Drake said, loading another bolt. Either that, or I'd think you had morals. He fired, killing another. But, of course, I know better. He planted his foot on the crossbow's stirrup, cranking furiously. God damn conscripts. Use a longbow like real men, he said, muttering to himself.
Gideon saw that the formation had broken and the men took cover in the alleyways, realizing they were being fired upon from the tower. Several men lay in the street, bolts protruding from their bodies. One of them was crawling towards an alley.
Oh I don't think so, conscript, Drake said, loosing a shaft into the man's back.
Gideon paused as he loaded his crossbow. Down below, at the base of the tower, a squad of militia were pouring in. Uh, Mr. Oro.
Not now, can't you see I'm working? Drake fired.
Mr. Oro, they're inside the tower.
Drake looked straight below to see the last of the squad entering. He cursed. With a snap of his arms, he grabbed the bell's ropes and hacked at it with his sword. God damn conscripts. Bar the hatch.
Gideon looked around, unable to find anything with weight.
The sound of metal abusing rope rang dully. What happened to professionalism? Drake muttered to himself as he hacked away rhythmically. Use the dead guy.
Gideon looked to the body, abhorred. You can't be-
He's dead, Drake said. He's not a person anymore. He's just a thing. Drag him over the hatch, it'll buy us some time.
Gideon knew there was a special spot in hell being prepared for him right now. He stooped over, grabbed Ajantis by the arms and, with a heave, dragged him over the hatch. 
The rope cut clean, and quickly, Drake tied it to the stone post. After securing it, he tested it aggressively, and threw the rope over the side. There was a noise at the hatch, and it lifted up slightly before being forced down by Ajantis. Meet you on the ground, Drake said, and with rope in hand, he threw himself over the crenelated edge.
Gideon looked over the side, seeing Drake gliding and rappelling down the many stories. Was that man's heart of stone, or what? The height made Gideon suddenly nauseous, and he had to pull back before losing himself. Was he mad? Gideon wasn't cut out for this. This wasn't where he was supposed to be. He looked to Ajantis, mutilated, covered in gore, like nothing more than so much meat at the butcher's. They had played together as children through the streets of Whitelake. His father had treated the boy almost as his own son. And for the boy to become a man, and to end like this? Nothing more than dead weight? There was a pounding on the hatch, and the body nearly toppled over. Well, Ajantis, looks like you'll be doing me this one last service, won't you? You were a good friend, but you weren't meant for this world. I'm so sorry. Goodbye.
Without further hesitation, and without looking down, Gideon grasped the rope and lowered himself down, his boots scrabbling against the stone wall, trying to slow down his descent. His gloves burned under the friction of the rope. He was falling faster than was safe. He clenched the rope as hard as he could, but it still wasn't enough. And then he realized the rope was falling with him.
With a crunch, he collided with the ground, but as soon as he was down, he was hefted up.
Down the street, hurry, Drake said, guiding him.
Gideon moaned as the pain radiated through his bones, through his skull. Yet he put one foot in front of the next, stumbling forward, trying not to collapse.
Faster, Mr. Greythorne, faster, Drake said, looking back as he supported him. In case you can't see, there are angry conscripts following us through the alleyways.
Why don't you just kill them? Gideon said, gasping. He flinched, his knee buckling.
What do I look like, a god of war? Drake said. I'm a professional, not a myth.
They scrambled up some stairs and onto one of the side streets, disappearing behind a wall. They watched as the shadows of demons cast by torches elongated across the street and dissipated.
Drake let out a deep breath, slumping against the wall. Whoo. Now your sister, he said, panting, his breath heavy. There's a living myth.
She's not a myth, Gideon said, wiping his brow. She's just my sister.
Did you see what she did to that silo? Drake said. Put Meadows's work to downright shame. Pshh, torches. Who needs torches when you've got a girl that can summon Hades?
Gideon just closed his eyes and rubbed his face, smearing the darkness, mingled with sweat and sewage, into a dirty paste.
Hey, look, to the south, Drake said. Sanderson's work.
Gideon opened his eyes to see another burning pyre in the distance, the flame reflected in the lake.
Drake ran his hand through his hair. In the dim night light of the city, he was like a white shadow, a spectral creature living in an era of ghosts. I wonder why they call it Whitelake, he said, laying his head against the stone wall. Seems red to me.

The room spun about him in darkness, and as he regained his composure, Joseph blinked, bringing himself back into the real world. He sat back and stretched in his chair, yawning. Things were getting pretty rough for Gideon. Poor Ajantis  a poet, an actor, a playwright, a cook, and a musician, but alive he certainly was not. Did he really have to die? Wasn't it just a bit cruel? Just a little bit? Just an eensy weensy little bit? Naw, gut the bastard like a fish. And Gideon had to use his poor pie loving friend's body as weight on the hatch, it was almost funny. If it wasn't so horrific. Murder, disembowelment, cannibalism? Felonies in real life. But all was well, in fiction. 
Joseph hadn't thought about it till now, but upon reconsideration, his writing was awfully violent. Then again, maybe it was because he was really a violent person, on the inside. Or maybe it was because he just didn't like writing about ponies.
He looked to the clock. Was it that time already? The LAN party would be starting soon. He shut down his computer and, disconnecting it, lugged it out to his car, going back to get his monitor. It was freezing cold in the dead of night, and it took his car several tries to get going. The sky was lit with an eerie darkish red half-light, the kind that oughtn't ever happen in real life, yet happens just the same that time of winter night. He drove on, not giving it much thought.
It was a moderately lengthy drive to that one guy's house, so he turned on the radio, trying to preoccupy himself as he made his way to his destination. The DJ was some creepy old guy who apparently thought it was still the 70s, and swore that Neil Diamond was a fad that would go away. He then proceeded to play Neil Diamond exclusively. After about an hour of driving, Joseph pulled into the neighborhood, filled with cars, to the tune of 'America.'
He got up and, grabbing his computer, walked towards the house. The door was open, and the sound of clicking and massive amounts of cursing echoed across the driveway. He walked in and was greeted by the strangers. On a table in front of him were piles of energy drinks, stacked high enough to cause a concussion if toppled. Down below, there were rows of tables, with computer screens lined up, and angry young men slamming away at their keyboards in frustration and fury as the light from their monitors flickered patterns on their faces in the otherwise absolute darkness. Joseph set up his computer in an empty spot and booted up.
Joseph looked at the time. It was already kind of late, but he didn't have to be in at work till noon, so he had plenty of time. Still, he didn't want to stay too long. He logged into Shadowcraft and was promptly invited into a battle group. The warlocks summoned him from beyond and he arrived amidst the heart of the volcanic earth. Into the fiery bowels he traveled, until meeting with the rest of the assorted warriors, already engaged in battle with a massive, towering, volcanic entity.
They coordinated their attacks, seeking to slay the creature with efficient tactics and brutal force. They fought, but the flickering of the screen in front of him assaulted his eyes. The colors warped and the landscapes became reality, their stretched, low resolution textures bending and bleeding into battle and numbers. His fingers pressed the keys, clicked the mouse, now with fury, now with weariness, now with desperation. The minutes became hours became days became months became seconds. There was no reality. There was no fantasy. There was only a state of existence, isolated from everything else, a world set apart from the rest. It was a place to go to, to be one of many others, with them, but alone, together, like a pack of ghosts, unable to touch, to feel, and not wanting to. But being able to drink, certainly able to imbibe the toxins, the new water. And then there was the loot. The blades, the armor, the trinkets, the gold, and never enough to go around. There was always the loot. And there were always the majority who left empty-handed, the lust still gleaming in their eyes, bringing them back later to try again.
Joseph looked at the time. Holy shit. He packed up and left, taking a bottle of energy drink for the road, so he wouldn't fall asleep at the wheel, just in case. He floated through the lightening lands listening to Neil Diamond. He parked in his driveway, or what he hoped was his driveway, and stumbled into his room.
The clock in the room said it was 6 am, and he set the alarm so he had enough time to get to work by noon. He brushed and flossed his teeth, changed his clothes, and almost fell onto his bed before he saw a little note on his pillow. He picked it up and looked at the caveman scribbles: Remember, schedule change  gotta be there at 8am. Oh yeah, he remembered now. And then he proceeded to die.



Chapter 9



The soft, harmonious bells rang, playing the peaceful, familiar tune in a way that made one feel safe, and at home. The colorful, miniature town passed by, a trolley, a school bus, trees and homes in harmony, till pulling in on a special home in particular. The piano flourished and began playing its heavenly tune.
It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood. A beautiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine?
He stepped by, taking off his coat, zipping up his warm green sweater.
Let's make the most of this beautiful day. Since we're together, we might as well say, would you be mine?
He took off his glossy shoes and tied his sneakers, smiling.
Won't you be my neighbor?
He leaned back, at ease. Hello, literary neighbor. That's what we are, literary friends and literary neighbors. I may not exist anymore, but I'm still here to help you. Isn't that wonderful? He pulled out a book from beside his chair, and opened it up. This is a book, he said. Do you know what a book is?
A curse on my soul.
A book is a way to visit places you've never been, to understand what it feels like to be somebody else for a day. They're a way to make-believe. Books are wonderful things. Now, these are my neighbors, he said, gesturing to several little children sitting around him  black, white, and one requisite Asian. Would you like me to read you a book? They all nodded their heads, eagerly, and he began reading. He spoke with a soft, deep, soothing voice that conjured a land where people lived together in peace, respecting one another, dealing with their emotions and their humanity in a better way. It was almost too good to be true.
Well, that's because it was.
Joseph's eyes snapped back into focus, the box in front of him still not quite filled with packing pellets. He shook his head, his vision bleary, his skull pounding, unsure of the world surrounding him. He dipped his hands into a bag and poured the foamy peanuts into the box, sealing it shut with tape, and slapping the fruity elf on to finish the job. In the background, Matt sat on a stool, his face two inches from a television screen, examining the pores on Mr. Rogers's face.
Joe, what did you do last night? You look like you've been tranquilized, beat up, and smashed in the head with a frying pan, Dan said from his table. That, on top of having a hangover.
Joseph groaned. Yeah. That's about right. He filled the next box, as if he were no longer one of the living.
Hey! Matt shouted. Dan and Joe turned to him instinctively. Did anyone see Harry Potter last night? Well, that should have been expected. Oh man! Matt said. The adventure! The journey! The magic! The destiny! I wanna be Harry Potter when I grow up!
Matt, Joe said, laying down his roll of tape in disgust. Harry Potter was like ten years old in the first movie.
But he has a destiny! Matt said. I want a destiny!
You going to see the new Harry Potter movie? Dan said.
God, they're still making them? Joe said, half in drunken stupor.
Dude, they're making a Harry Potter theme park, Dan said.
Joseph scowled. If a bunny had been near at hand, he swore, he would have bitten off its head and drank its blood pouring from its neck. Man's gotta eat, after all, and he hadn't had any breakfast.
He put in his hours, slaving away, before finally heading out. As he sat in his car, his reaction time slowed, it occurred to him that he might be a danger on the road. He stepped on the gas.
Upon arriving home, he went to his bed and collapsed, toppling over like a pile of bricks. His head felt like it had been battered by a siege engine, and would soon split asunder into bits of skull and brain on his pillow. He wondered if that was possible, spontaneous explosion of the brain? Well, the pain was certainly making him a believer.
He tried to sleep, but it was impossible. He merely lied there, wrapped in his sheets like he was infirm, trying to distract himself from the fact that he was still conscious. He thought of paradise, of the skies opening up to him, and Mr. Rogers, in a golden kimono, welcoming him with open arms. But then he thought of the burning cauldrons of hell, the flames that licked at his feet, his mother waiting for his sinful soul in the abyss. He opened his eyes. The fire was still there.
Despite his fragile existence, knowing not what else to do with himself, he booted up his computer. And when Shakespeare looked up into his eyes, Joseph spat, and logged into Shadowcraft.
The world opened up to the volcanic earth, the remnants of the battles fought last night, or last morning, or whatever, littering the cracked ground like bones. Cratos girded himself, fingering his blades. He had missed out on the greatest treasures of the campaign, but he would be back to try his luck again. The fierce fiery demigods would suffer under the wrath of his-
Oh for fuck's sake.
Joseph slammed his forehead onto the keyboard. What the hell was he doing? Why was he doing this to himself? He looked to the screen, the artificial colors, the light, the trickery it was all so fake. Joseph knew what he had to type, but he dreaded it like Stephen King dreaded a look in his trashcan in the 80s. With a deep breath, he mustered his courage and typed it into the game: /played
Total time played: 221 days, 13 hours, 56 minutes, 26 seconds
He stared at the number. Then stared some more. Surely, it was a lie. Surely, a conspiracy by the software to ruin his sense of self. 221 days. 221 DAYS. Times 24, that's 5300 HOURS. Over the course of, what, four, five years? DEAR GOD HAVE MERCY.
He quit the game, in panic, and stood silent as Shakespeare laid judgment upon his soul. But then the poet softened. The fyrst step to recovery is admitting you have a problem, Shakespeare said. SCREW YOU, SHAKESPEARE! YOU DON'T KNOW ME! YOU DON'T Oh, who was he trying to fool? How desperate does one have to be to lie to himself?
He opened up his internet browser and navigated to the site: ShadowcraftDetox.com. 
ShadowcraftDetox is a volunteer-run web site aimed at people with a gaming addiction to Shadowcraft. Here gamers and ex-gamers can share their testimonies freely and anonymously.
IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU KNOW FEELS LIKE THEY ARE IN A SITUATION WHERE THERE IS NO HOPE PLEASE CLICK HERE FOR WORLDWIDE SUICIDE PREVENTION HOTLINES.
Joseph scrolled through the site, taking in the words floating on the screen.

#45331: I have been playing Shadowcraft since it came out. Well if I'm honest, about 3 months after it came out. And after roughly 5 years it feels like I've lost a huge chunk of my childhood. I gave up Shadowcraft a few months ago after getting the results of my A-levels (pre-university exams in the UK) and no surprise they were appalling as I had spent more time on Shadowcraft then I ever did working. Now I am Shadowcraft-free, but I still spend far to much time on the Shadowcraft website. I find it very hard to forget the game and put it to one side and get on with life. I guess Shadowcraft is so appealing because it lets you truly shape your destiny and lets you pretend to have power.

#45327: I'm proud to say that I've not played for a year, and my life has never been better!  Before ending it, I was at ~235 days /played. Life was unfulfilling and miserable. I ended up getting two full-time jobs, one of which was on third shift, which coaxed me away from raiding. At that point, I only had time to sleep, and I quickly became independent of the entire game itself. 
I made a lot of new friends, have a wonderful relationship, and my career is now blossoming beautifully. These endeavors would be impossible if I continued to allow this game to consume me. 
Even the friends I met out of state have quit and my home friends as well. We still visit and party together from time to time I have all of my friendships that mattered even this long after the fact. 
Once you leave, do not ever look behind you.

#45326: Long story. 
I started playing the day of release. Vanilla Shadowcraft was majestic and breathtaking, but I was very casual. Later, I started a raiding guild with some real life friends, and made some incredible memories. But by that time, I was heavily addicted  I felt like any time not playing was time wasted  I wanted every Reputation maxed out, every Quest completed, and then achievements hit 
I sold my account so me and my girlfriend could have a few extra bucks, then joined the Army. When I got home, I made a new account and got to max level in a week. Feeling disgusted with myself I sold my account again. 
I've been clean now for 3 months. 
It's always tempting to log back on and try to bring those memories back, but that part of my life is over now. 
I neglected my beautiful girlfriend, but somehow she stayed with me through all of this. 
The thing that hurts the worst is not that I don't even remember my dog as a puppy, but thinking about how he must have felt, being so neglected. 
Shadowcraft blurs reality. Every day feels like you're in some kind of trance. It's not even a very good game  just addicting. It even gets so that when you stop playing, you go outside, and the trees don't look right, because they're not pixellated  it gets so real life feels fake.
One day, the servers will go down, and everything you've worked for will disappear in an instant. Don't let your body, money, life and loved ones disappear like that too.

#45317 To all these people saying turn off the game, get friends, get a girlfriend, get a life: There are normal people who get sucked into this game, and then there are outcasts who willingly let themselves get sucked in, they WANT to get sucked in. The advice may work for normal people who are capable of functioning in society. But for the others the advice is laughable. Just GET friends. Just GET a girlfriend. The simplicity of this advice is insulting. It may be simple or desirable for you, but don't assume this is universal. Shadowcraft itself has become mainstream, and thus a joke and a posterboy for failure, but the allure of MMO's and virtual communities that might have caused you to fail out of college or lose your girlfriend, will always be a sanctuary for these outcasts.

But as Joseph scrolled through, page after page, a particular note caught his eye.

#44329: Ok so I have quit Shadowcraft. Now what?
Pick weeds in the rain?
Clean dishes?
Wait for the mailman?
Pay a bill or 2?
What is so great about real life?
Joseph.
Joe turned in his swivel chair to see his father standing in the doorway. What's up?
Your mother and I are going to see the new Harry Potter film. Would you care to join us?
Joseph looked into his father's tired eyes, lined with wrinkles, his skin like sandpaper, worn by time. Sure, Joseph said. He shut down his computer.
They drove into the theater lot through the silent streets. They were white with piles of snow, muddied by the slop of the cars rolling over, spewing the liquid like excrement. The houses were caked with white, empty, with people who'd rather be in Arizona that time of year.
When Joseph parked in the theater lot, it felt routine like breathing, as if he were parking to go to work. They bought tickets, and entered the dark stadium, packed with rows of restless people, munching popcorn, sipping Coke, and quieting their yammering children. Joseph's father found a few empty seats in the back, and they sat down amidst the rest.
When the credits rolled, the crowds stood up and dispersed, leaving the remnants of their presence. Joseph followed his parents out amidst the throngs, and he drove them home.
At the dinner table, they ate in silence. Joseph scooped the green beans up with his spoon, lifting the gelatin to his mouth and swallowing without chewing. In the quiet of the dinner table, he could hear the sounds of his parents chewing and swallowing, drinking, slurping, consuming. He felt suddenly cold, as if his nerves had only just awoken to a chill that had always been there, penetrating deep. He could feel the slop flowing down his throat, could feel his stomach burning as it accepted the foul fuel.
He saw the glimmer of the hanging lights trapped on the surfaces of his parents' eyes. They looked down at the smears on their plates, preoccupied by the images and words of their own worlds, beliefs and memories trapped like fireflies in the cupped palms of a twelve year old's hands, only to open them forty years later and find that they had died long ago. 
Grace, dear, these buns are wonderful, his father said, tearing into the bread like he had just escaped Auschwitz.
Thank you, Philip, his mother said as she swirled the liquid idly in her plate with her spoon, as if she wanted to disrupt her own reflection.
The green beans, on the other hand, his father said, are a bit mushy, I think.
His mother grimaced. I think they turned out fine, she said, her head still lowered.
Oh, they're all right, his father said. Just not to your usual standards, dear, is all I meant. He lapped at his water with his tongue.
Well, Philip. I'm sorry I can't meet your high standards every single night, his mother said, throwing down her spoon.
Oh, no, dear, that's not what I meant-
What did you mean then? I slaved away in the kitchen for hours preparing this meal, and I don't suppose-
Well, quite frankly dear, this meal doesn't reflect hours' worth of work, that's all-
Philip, I've been working seventy hour weeks for a month now, and I've been sick, and I've still found time to make meals for my family-
I know, dear, but it's not as if we sit around doing nothing all day either-
That's exactly what you do! What else do you do in your time other than sleep and watch television?
I'll have you know that I have a fairly stressful job as well-
You're a janitor, Philip! You mop floors!
It's a good deal more complicated than that-
Ever since you lost your business, you've done nothing with yourself-
At least I'm working, unlike some husbands-
-nothing to help me-
I don't know how to cook, dear, you know tha-
-and nothing much at all, come to think of it!
Excuse me, Joseph muttered under his breath, but no one seemed to notice as he left the table. He walked up the stairs to his bathroom, leaving the echoing shouts dwindling behind. He turned on the light, and saw himself in the mirror. He was uglier than he last remembered. With a deep breath, he shut the door behind him, turned on the faucet to full blast, and buried his face in the towel.

Your big ideas arent going to happen.

He felt the vines wrap themselves around his throat, constricting his breathing like a noose slowly pulling his passageway shut. He could feel it as the air was sucked from his lungs, and the blood turned black in his heart. He could see all those people in the theater, so many of them, of all variety, all wanting to be a part of that world, if only for a few hours. That crystallized vision, that fantasy, that other reality, so beautiful, so compelling, that so many others would want to experience it as well. 

You bleed every drop
But theres always something missing

He wanted to create something, to create a world that he could share with others, to create characters that others could care about. He wanted to write stories that he could send out into the world, so that others could take part ownership as they followed the blueprints and reconstructed them in their own minds, their own hearts. Joseph wanted to share, to love through his words, and he wanted it so badly that he could taste it in the back of his throat.
But to be a part of something on such a scale, to connect with so many people, it was nothing more than a dream, nebulous and insubstantial, just like the words that fed it.
The taste was there, but it was of ash and blood, the cinders and smoke of rainforests, slashed and burnt for the oil of palm.
Where had he gone wrong? Where had he gone off the rails? What had happened to him, for his hopes and his dreams to become nothing but dead idols that gave birth and validity to the cynic and the naysayer, that stripped him of his soul and caged his heart in the thorny grasps of a false civilization?

Your big ideas arent going to happen.

What would it have been like for Ms. Rowling as she sat down, day after day, penning the labor of her love, a single parent, living on wellfare? What kind of courage and madness and love did she have in her soul, that she could make the impossible real?
He immersed himself in that world, trying to be free, but was trapped, snared by the countless barbs of every size shape and breed, all revealing the void where his heart ought to have been. He was a filthy creature, an animal, an abomination. He was a freak of circumstance, not a drop of divine light in the entirety of his being. He was a mongrel, a worm, crawling through life, leaving nothing but a trail of excrement as proof of his passing. Where would he be in a year? Five years, ten, twenty? Did it matter? Would he die, his body rotting, taken back by the earth, as if he had never been alive in the first place? What about his dreams, his hopes, his love, his life? Didn't it mean something, anything at all? How could it, when they were nothing but smoke and mirrors in the empty recesses of his mind? Nothing to hold onto but empty words. 
But it was all madness, in the end. His dreams were profane. His love was filthy. Emma Watson was so beautiful. And he'd go to hell for what his dirty mind was thinking. 
Joseph wiped his eyes and splashed water on his face. He blew his nose, patted his face down with a towel and inspected his eyes in the mirror, making sure his parents wouldn't suspect. He shut the lights and walked down the stairs, hearing the words from across the room.
Over thirty years of marriage, you think you would have had some time to learn how to cook!
But dear, how many years did I spend with the company? Do you have any idea how hard it was for me, those years?
Yes, Philip, yes, I know, and what do we have to show for it now? Why so quiet all of a sudden, Philip? What do we have now?
Please dear, if I can help you, let me. I'll do anything-
Philip, you can't help me. Not anymore. His mother sat up from the table and disappeared like a spirit fading into the dark.
His father cast down his eyes slowly, haunted, as if he had escaped Auschwitz, only to realize that the Germans had won.
Joseph merely studied his plate. He took another bite of green beans. Yeah, they were mushy all right. Definitely mushy.
When he went to his room that night, he did so with something burning in his throat. He sat at his computer, powering it up, and when Shakespeare greeted him, even the poet himself ran in fear. Joseph could feel the hatred oozing out of his eyeballs, the loathing threatening to burst from his temples in black waves. 
In his hand, he held a long butcher's knife, taken from the kitchen. It was solid steel, and it glimmered wickedly, all too eager to pierce flesh. He laid it on the table next to his keyboard, making it as visible as possible. This was it. This was the end. That night, he would write. And either he wrote well, not that fucking asinine garbage he called writing, but real, fucking writing actually worthy of being read, or he would slice his fucking throat and be done with the whole sorry story once and for all. What's it gonna be, Joey boy? What's it gonna fucking be?

The soft amber light of the talisman was all that separated them from the darkness of the corridor. In his hand, Gideon held his sword, slick with the sweat of his palm. He stood beside the door, the shadowy face of Bjorn catching eerie patterns of light in front of him. Bjorn nodded and, within a moment, the door was kicked open, and the amber light revealed nothing but an empty room, bare of anything but stone and roaches.
Gideon sighed, the tension unwinding from his chest as Bjorn sheathed his blade. Bjorn signaled to his two men and they filed out the way they had come in, up the stairs, past the corridors, and into the light of the city street. Gideon covered his eyes as the sudden change in light overwhelmed his senses.
That was the last lead, Bjorn said as he marched through the street purposefully. We're done.
Gideon nodded. Finding leads on the White Hand's operations in the city had proven to be a dubious business at best, and there had been nothing but dead ends waiting for them at every turn. But the time was up. Three weeks had passed, and still the city had not bowed.
As they passed through the daytime streets of Whitelake, Gideon was struck by the sound of beggars. Every day, there were more men and women drifting through the fine cobbled streets, their skin taut, their bones showing, their faces nothing more than emaciated skulls. He could hear their cries as, one by one, the mothers broke down, screaming at the militiamen for food to feed their children. They would scratch and claw at the soldiers' faces, till they were subdued, flopping over like dead fish, wailing like deer caught in the throat by a bolt.
It didn't seem to bother the guerrillas, certainly not Bjorn, or Meadows, or Sanderson, or Drake, and Gideon remained as stoic as he could. But every so often, he would look over his shoulder, to see the looted buildings, the hollowed people, once proud, once decent, once well, the militia, demoralized, their hopes flickering like candles on the eve of a storm, soon to be snuffed out. He saw this and knew that he was witnessing the slow collapse of civilization before his very eyes, and knew that he was no less responsible than the wraiths with which he broke bread. But then he turned, and looked ahead, and his mind moved on, for the mission called, and the journey would not wait for his irresolution. 
So what do you do? Bjorn said.
Gideon snapped his eyes back. Pardon? he said.
Drake does the killing. Your sister does the sorcery. What do you do? Bjorn looked at him with humorless eyes, unsympathetic, but unjudgmental as well  dead neutral.
You know, Gideon said as he looked up to the sky, that's a good question. Wish I knew.
They passed through the busier districts of the city, avoiding the especially aggrieved, but otherwise keeping their heads low and blending in. It was not difficult. The militiamen were too preoccupied with keeping the peace and guarding the remaining food stores, no longer from mysterious guerrillas but from desperate mothers and fathers.
Slowly, the mayhem faded and the streets became emptier. They entered into one of the older districts, scheduled for renovation, but interrupted by the siege. Now there was nobody here, nothing but broken homes half demolished.
Ahead, the wreckage of a once grand estate stood amongst others of similar fallen stature. They climbed over the metal fence and crept into the courtyard. It was once a garden with a pond, but now it was nothing more than a worn lot at first glance. There was shattered sculpture, broken beams, toppled walls and windows. What broke the place, war, an earthquake, it was impossible to say. They moved through the ravaged masonry and one of the men opened up a cellar door. They filed through, down the stairway, and into the hideout.
Men sat, sleeping, eating, drinking pilfered wine, smoking tobacco, surrounded by stolen goods, stripped from the city they were breaking. The men were leery, and stone faced. They had lost a third of the guerrillas in combat operations over the past few weeks, and Bjorn said tonight was the night. When even such veterans were anxious, it gave Gideon pause. 
He saw his sister holding her knees on the floor in the corner, and Gideon went to sit by her side.
Don't suppose you found anything? Gwendolyn said, her eyes aimless.
Gideon shook his head. There's no trace. Nothing we can do now. Tonight's three weeks.
Gwendolyn chewed on a lock of her hair. This is going to be bad.
Yeah, probably, Gideon said. We'll be fine, I'm sure.
Gwendolyn frowned, and looked at him. Gideon, why are we here? I thought this was just a matter of investigating a mine? Since when did we become mercenaries?
Gideon paused. Well, it's an awful lot of money, sister dear. Can't expect it to come with no strings attached.
Gwendolyn returned her eyes to the damp cellar floor. I don't know if it's worth it, Gideon. I think, after this, we should just go.
Where would we go?
Back to the academy. I'm on extended leave, but I'm still on the staff, I'm still enrolled as a student.
And what about me? Am I supposed to go back to Wake's End, where it's no better than here? Gideon said.
I can get you enrolled again. I can get you on the staff as a guard.
Then why didn't you do that seven years ago? Gideon said, his voice suddenly harsh. You tried that already, remember?
His sister cast down her eyes. I'll I don't know.
Gideon just shook his head, sighing. You should go back, you're right. I can work this out on my own.
You'll die. You're inept, remember?
I've managed so far. You go back to the academy and I'll come for you when I've got the money.
But before they could continue, men started pouring down from the staircase  the rest of the guerrillas. They convened around the center, and Bjorn stood stood up, restless.
I'll keep this short, Bjorn said, standing in front of a map of the city pinned to the wall. These are the orders I received from General Montaron before we left, in case Whitelake didn't abdicate. At two hours past midnight, the General will strike the southern and eastern gates with the main bodies of his forces, he said, gesturing to the map. Auxiliary skirmishers will then engage the northern and western gates. Our objective is to open the northern and western gates from the inside while their garrisons are preoccupied by the skirmishers. More units will enter from the sewers, and we will overwhelm the city from all sides. Sanderson, you will take eight men north, the rest will come with me and Meadows to the west. Understood?
Silence.
Dismissed.
The men dispersed, gathering themselves, looking for all the world as if they were going to their graves. Yet if that were the case, they didn't seem to mind so much either, as if they were ready to play their parts and retire from this sorry existence.
Gideon filed out of the cellar and into the beginnings of night. The days were growing so short already, it was hard to fathom where the time went. He followed the guerrillas out, away from the estate, and walked alongside his sister. She looked so out of place there, amongst those ghostly warriors. Yet when she wrapped that cowl about her face and donned the hood of her cloak, suddenly she was a specter just like the rest.
With the fall of night came emptying streets, and vigilant patrols. The guerrillas traveled through the alleyways and sidestreets, avoiding main intersections and obvious routes of traffic. It wouldn't do to be accosted by militia right before the fireworks. The inner arteries of the city, at that time of night, and during that season of war, were haunted and jagged, the atmosphere thick with the unspoken fears of a populace with blades in wait beyond their walls.
Eventually, Bjorn halted the men, and the guerrillas relocated themselves around the buildings, melting into shadow as the hulking gate appeared between the walls. It was a large structure, full with portcullis and garrison towers. Gideon hid in the alley, watching from behind the corner. He couldn't imagine how such a small force would penetrate such a stronghold.
But it was early still, despite the thick of the night, and he sat down, his back to the wall of a building. He looked in through the boarded window on the wall ahead, attempting to make out forms in the apparently abandoned building. There were rust stains from the broken drainage pipe, next to the window, and the shutters lay on the floor, broken, splintered.
It was difficult to say what he was feeling as he sat there in the future ruins of a once worthy city. There was a degree of remorse, for he felt like he had contributed his share of chaos to an edifice that would eventually break under its own weight. But, whether sooner or later, the systems always broke down. Everything was transient, momentary, whether it was something as grand and monumental as a city, or as inconsequential as a single human being. So why this struggle? What was so important that they had to kill and destroy what would already disappear in a moment's breadth? He looked to his sister, in the shadows, off to the side. He would kill for her, wouldn't he? 
One of the guerrillas appeared out of the corner and moved to sit beside Gideon.
So then, Mr. Greythorne, how fare ye this fine evening? Meadows said.
Not so well, Gideon said. How much longer?
Oh, soon enough, Meadows said, lowering his hood, revealing his mustache and stubble in the dim moonlight. You shouldn't be in such a rush, you know. Things may be quiet now, but you never know when next you might have a moment of peace. He wrapped himself in his cloak, casting it over his muted leather armor.
You ever done anything like this before? Gideon asked.
O' course. Been running these type of covert operations for years, Meadows said. Actually, I led a vanguard operation on Wake's End, not unlike what we're doing now. Kind of excessive, if you ask me.
What do you mean? Gideon said, looking over.
Oh, well, not my place to question orders, Meadows said. But I don't understand what the Highmark wants with the north in the first place. They barely have Wake's End under control, and now they want to take another city?
Greed  so banal. Surely there was a deeper answer Why do you think they're so anxious?
Probably Rosaria. The Highmark knows if they don't take the north, then Rosaria will. But, it's none of my business anyway. Two more years and I can retire, get a nice pension, find a pretty young wife, and live like a person's supposed to live. Not all this soldierin' and killin'. This? This is just a game. We all gotta play along till we either pay our dues and get out, or the reaper man comes calling. Well, the reaper man comes no matter what, doesn't he? That's why you get out while the gettin's good. And that's my advice to you, Mr. Greythorne. Ain't worth it if the cost is your blood. You'd do well to remember that. Meadows blew his nose in his handkerchief and made to leave. Getting mighty cold, these days. Mighty cold indeed.
Gideon held his knees to his chest. Meadows was rather quirky for a sergeant, but he was far more amicable than the dour, tight lipped Sanderson, who always looked like he wanted to castrate someone. No, Gideon was glad Meadows was here, and Sanderson was well away.
But as Gideon moved to speak to his sister, he stopped dead as the guerrillas stood up, the sound of bells ringing clearly in the distance. Within a moment, they were scrambling to positions.
They're early, Meadows cursed. All right, get ready. When we hear the skirmishers at the gate, we head in. Bjorn'll take the right garrison, we'll take the left. Clear?
Gideon fingered his sword nervously, waiting beside his sister as they watched the wall from under the cover of shadow. But the minutes dragged on, and there was no sign of activity. Soon, they had waited almost an hour, and still nothing.
God dammit, where are they? Meadows said, and the men muttered in agreement. What does Bjorn want to do? he said to himself. Do we call it off or are we still a go? But then, out of the mess of buildings on the other side, several shadowy forms burst out across the street. Guess we're a go! Meadows said, and the guerrillas mobilized for assault.
Gideon didn't quite register what was happening, things were moving so fast, but he noticed that his legs were propelling him forward, and before he knew it, he was at the garrison entrance, following the shadows into the light. Those wearing the colors of the city were alert, but expecting attack from the other side; they fell as blades pierced through their backsides. Gideon watched as the men fell around him. He moved upstairs, and a large bear of a man tackled him from above, yet now the man was limp, crushing Gideon with the weight of his body. A guerrilla pulled out his knife from the bear's back, and helped roll off the body. Before Gideon could get up, he saw that the dim, firelit garrison was quiet, save for the footsteps of ghosts.
Bjorn's side is clear too, someone said, looking through the window.
Do you see any of the general's troops on the other side? Meadows said.
Yeah, there are a bunch of them waiting out on the ridge.
Guess they're late to the party, Meadows said. Open the gate.
Out below, to the creak and groan of wood, rope and metal, the portcullis slowly ascended, and the gates slowly opened.
As they filed back out into the night, Gideon lagged behind, still recovering from the immense weight of the man pressed upon his chest.
Are you all right? Gwendolyn said.
Yeah, fine, Gideon said. Let's get out of here.
Upon walking out of the fortified structure and back into the city night, they saw the guerrillas waiting in formation behind the opened gate. The soldiers approached the passageway, marching quietly, deliberately, a mass of men in metal. 
Meadows walked up to greet the formation. Well it's about time you sorry lot showed- A vicious whistle, and a bolt tore into his throat. The formation charged, a wall of raised spears, shredding through the guerrillas like coarse wheat.
Warriors of the Rose! a blackened guerrilla bellowed as he threw a knife into the army behind him.
Gideon grabbed his sister by the arm and retreated into the alleyways. He ran as fast as his muscles would allow him, and dragged his sister when she lagged behind.
Gideon, stop! What's happening?
No idea, Gideon said. But I know when it's every man for himself.
From an alcove in the passageways, they could hear the marching soldiers in the street beyond. By the sound of them, it was far more substantial than an auxiliary unit. As Gideon peeked around the corner, he cursed.
What? Gwendolyn said. What is it?
I can't believe it. They're Rosarians, Gideon said as the walking fortress of steel passed by with enough men to take over half the region. All right, I hereby proclaim our mission over. We get out of the city, I get you back to the academy, and I become a floorsweeper in their kitchen. They always need floorsweepers, don't they?
Of course, Gwendolyn said. You'll make a wonderful floorsweeper. But how do we get out of the city?
No idea, Gideon said. We're not getting out of this gate. The southern and eastern gates are probably under siege. And who knows what's happening in the north.
What about the way we got in? Gwendolyn said.
The sewers? Are you kidding? I have no idea how to navigate down there. And there'll be more Highmark soldiers coming through down there. They'll cut apart anything they run into in that dark.
So where does that leave us? Gwendolyn said.
Gideon shook his head, his eyes preoccupied by the sight of all those living weapons, marching in step to some doom. I guess we can make our way north, see if we can get out there. Otherwise we may have to lay low in the city for a while.
Not a prospect I relish, Gwendolyn said.
Well, you'll relish it more than getting ripped apart by that machinery of men making its way through the street.
As they moved through the streets, taking care not be seen, they made their way slowly northward. Through corridors and across porches, they squeezed through whatever passages they could, avoiding the main streets like the plague. That's where all the main fighting would occur, if it were to occur, and that was no place for a brother and a sister on their way out. 
At one of the main crossings, they could see a large militia reserve moving to reinforce the eastern wall. They needed to get to the other side of the street to continue their passage north, but Gideon paused, watching as the Rosarians charged, their spears thrust out, moving to overwhelm the formation of militia. 
Don't look, Gideon said, taking her sister aside. Her eyes were wide open, frozen, her mouth agape. Just, don't look. From behind, they heard the savage animal roars, the bestial fury of metal and blade, of collapsing men, agony, rage, the sounds of hell. Gideon could feel his heart pounding, that sickening nausea winding its way around his stomach and up his throat. He had seen horrible things before, but this was far more than he had bargained for. He wasn't a soldier. This wasn't his way. And right then and there, all he wanted was to get his sister home.
Hi.
Gideon opened his eyes, blade in hand, only to see Bjorn standing in front of him, his thin gray beard flecked with gore.
So we're screwed, Bjorn said.
Gideon just stared, finally lowering his knife.
The Rosarians. They killed the auxiliaries, and we opened the door for them, Bjorn said, almost more to himself.
Might want to wipe your beard, Gideon said.
Oh, Bjorn said, pulling out a handkerchief and patting his face down.
So what do we do now? Gideon said.
Nothing. We're screwed.
What about the northern gate?
Sanderson got it open for the Highmark auxiliaries there, Bjorn said, but they're getting slaughtered by the Rosarians. It's a bloodbath.
Gideon choked up. Well, I have no intention of just dying here!
I don't think Rosarian spears care much for your intentions, Bjorn said. But we could try the sewers, I guess.
You know the way? Gideon asked.
Aye.
The sound of warfare rolled through the streets like a thunderous wave, growing, overwhelming the senses. Gideon could feel it in his heart, that fear, knowing that around the corner, there was a man being cut open. The cacophonous drumbeat of steel and flesh resounded through the windows and the alleyways. People burst from their homes in panic, and the alleys grew thick with men and women scrambling through the night, trying to find their way out, trying to find some shelter from the storm.
Gideon clasped his sister's arm, and followed Bjorn through the madness. There were fires burning, and Gideon held the crook of his arm over his mouth as he traveled through the smoke, coughing, making sure not to lose sight of the only guardian spirit he had left. 
The smoke grew too thick and they poured out onto the main street with the rest like a herd of crazed cattle, slaughtered by blades of unknown origin. The screams grew loud, and the wails haunted the soul of the city itself. Out of the smoke, there marched a line of Highmark infantry, and they met the charging Rosarian onslaught in the street, fighting like demons. Men toppled over as they carved each other to shreds in a desperate attempt to get the upper hand.
Back! Back! Bjorn said, turning for the other direction as a group of Whitelake militia followed behind, entering the fray, more out of confusion than intent.
Gideon climbed over a ruined cart, its contents spilling out like a creature disemboweled, the rushed packing of someone trying to get out of the city. He pulled his sister up, and they tried to spot Bjorn amidst the crowds, but there was a guttural roar from the rooftops, shadows moving with unearthly speed, and within the blink of an eye, they had leaped down into the throngs of terrorized people, their blackened skin hidden under lithe, serpentine armor, their blades long and vicious. Their swords danced as they roared, their fangs thick with saliva, their eyes a demonic, burning red that complemented the spattered patterns of blood they carved into the air.
Gideon watched in horror. A Highmark knight came pummeling through the square on horse, lopping one of the creature's arms clean off with his sword. The black creature screeched, but as the knight turned, it leaped and plucked the knight from his horse, out of the air. As the knight struggled, buried by the weight of his own armor, the creature punctured the layers of metal with its clawed hand, and as the blood poured forth, it ascended in a stream, taking the form of a vicious arm and, solidifying, becoming one with the creature as it sucked the man of his essence.
Out of the raging inferno, a pale faced demon appeared, but an expression had been etched on his face by a terror more profound than anything Gideon had witnessed before. Their eyes met, and Drake rushed towards him.
Go! Go! Drake roared, pointing down the street.
Gideon didn't need to be told twice. They dove into one of the side streets, but as Gideon turned, he saw, out of the flames, death, the skull-faced man, his eyes hollow, his face nothing more than ravaged skin on bone.
This way, to the temple! Bjorn shouted from further down the empty alley.
They followed, fueled by fear and desperation. Gideon tried to keep his cool, but his heart was pounding like a sledgehammer against his chest, and all he could do was move down the shattered alleyway, making for the glowing light of the temple's entrance.
As they entered, they barred the door shut and caught their breath.
What the hell is going on? Gideon said, panting.
A revolution.
There, at the end of the vestibule, stood a ravaged man draped in black, his body half torn. He had no lips, and the teeth of his skull glimmered like fangs in the firelight cast from the streets. 
You cannot run anymore, Mr. Oro, the skull-faced man said, his voice produced through some unnatural force
Drake scrambled upright, the sweat plainly visible on his stricken face. Get away from me, you demon! he said, holding out the point of his sword.
Listen to them, he said, holding out his skeletal hand as the cries and barks of fiends from the streets echoed through the windows and across the stone causeway. The Bloodborn reap the city of its harvest, he said, his voice low, crackling, savage, as if his throat had been mutilated long ago.
You kill innocents! Gwendolyn said, her voice trembling with terror at the nightmare force.
These people are no innocents, the man said. They are conditioned killers, men twisted into beasts. They are worse than the Bloodborn. The Bloodborn are soldiers; they are machines, and they do not question not because they choose not to, but because they are unable. Man shall always be held to higher standards than machine. And as such, man shall always fail, falling prey to his needs and his passions.
I'll give you my lands! My gold, everything! Drake said.
We have no need for lands, or gold, or iron, the man said, the sockets of his eyes somehow glimmering. It is blood we want, and tonight we feast. But it is your blood in particular we crave, Mr. Oro. The blood of a steward. The blood of your stone.
Drake stood with his back to the wall, the sacred space ringing with the hollow echoes of destruction beyond. How many years have you been hunting me? And how many times do I have to tell you, I don't have it!
The skull-faced man stood, unarmed, cold and uninterested in the devices of man. I was once called Yorgen. It was the label of my mortal coil. But now? I am free of the prison that is the human shell. I am free, Drake Oro, and you can be too. He held out his hand, shimmering with blood, forming into blades. But know now that your decision has consequences.
Drake shrieked and began running.
The skull-faced man approached, his arm outstretched, his face hungering, but stopped to a voice.
Hey buddy.
He turned, and his head rolled off as Bjorn decapitated him from behind.
Well? What are you waiting for? Bjorn said, the others watching in stupor.
You fool! Drake said, as the black force rose again behind Bjorn's back. Bjorn turned and looked up to see the skull-faced man reconstituted as a nebulous, blackened bone being, towering over them all.
You have chosen, he said, poorly. With a surge of darkness, he struck the ground where they stood, splitting the stone as if it were clay. Gideon scrambled to right himself, only to lurch as the darkness struck the columns nearby, decomposing them into rubble. He gasped in horror at the unholy monstrosity tearing the place apart.
Bjorn slashed his blade into the swirling darkness, only to be swatted viciously aside. And as the spirit reared, it descended upon a cowering Drake, relishing the anticipation.
But through the swirling darkness, there appeared a dull glow, growing bright like a flare. And in a heartbeat, the flame erupted into a leviathan force that seared the darkness like a scalpel. In a rush of heat and wind, the titanic flame grew into a crescendo like the roar of a lion, the unfathomable light and fury cascading in waves. The light passed, the embers fell, and then stillness, befitting a temple.
What was the name of that spell? Gideon said, looking upon his sister dusting herself off.
Gwen puffed. Seneca's Wrath.
As Bjorn led them up the stairs to the upper levels, Gideon looked upon a humbled, and grateful Drake Oro. With the tentative steps of a haunted veteran, Drake lurched upward, still frantic with unresolved fear.
Well? Gideon said, in expectation.
Well what? Drake said, still gasping.
Aren't you going to thank my sister? Gideon said as they clambered up.
Drake balked. Please, one would describe that little display as perhaps anticlimactic?
As they moved through the rafters, and up onto the roof, they burst into the open air and saw the city savaged from up above. It looked, for all intents and purposes, like the end of the world.
But as the sky lightened, the sun cresting the rim of the earth, its light cut through the city, hitting the lake in the distance in an explosion of white.
Oh, Drake said. I get it now. Whitelake. Clever.
The creatures were gone, the buildings burned, and bodies lined the streets. There was no blood.

Joseph sat back in his chair, letting the words fade away into visual phenomenon, marks with no meaning. That was garbage writing, as usual. He looked to the knife on the table. He had made the deal, hadn't he? And he had failed. So
He picked up the knife and touched the tip of the blade, recoiling as it drew a drop of blood. It was awfully red, his blood, moreso than words could describe. And the knife was awfully sharp. Ehhh he'd stab himself tomorrow
The computer screen shut off, and the whirring noises of machinery stopped. He sat in his chair, thinking about nothing in particular. It had been a long day. He ought to get some sleep. He searched in the pile that was his floor for some clothes to sleep in. Finding none, he cursed, and pursued scavenging. So many papers, so much garbage, so many books. Why did he have so many books? It's not as if he had read anything in the past year. And why bother? He didn't even know anybody that read books. What was the point? Just useless volumes of cryptic characters that amounted to nothing much more than-
He stopped, stricken by a tome buried in the debris. It was an ancient volume, seemingly one from a time long past, leather bound, and with foreboding gold lettering. With a moment's reflection, he picked it up and dusted off the cover. Blood For Culture  by Josef Szynsylmarperpecki. Now there was a book he hadn't thought about in ages. He wanted to put it away, but it seemed to seep into his bones, as if he held an entire reality within the palms of his hands. He hadn't read it yet, and he didn't intend to either, and yet with hesitation, he opened the cover. On the inside, someone had written in barely legible letters, Joseph, I expect great things. Joseph thought about the day Ms. Wolf had handed it to him. The words cut into his heart.
He threw the book aside. Just a stuffy old book, with an annoyingly named author, nothing more. He found a change of clothes, brushed and flossed his teeth, grabbed Mr. Cuddlesworth and went to bed. As he lied on the mattress, gripping that big, fat bear awkwardly, he remembered the days when his mother used to play with him. Those had been better days, hadn't they? When he was young and stupid? But now he was less young, and less stupid, yet the worse off for it. So if the trend continued, So if the trend continued, what then did that portend?
Joseph hugged the bear and he felt better, but it wasn't really a bear. It had no life. It was just an object, a lump of polyester stuffing, meant to imitate something real, but without the fangs. He tossed it aside. He didn't feel any better without it.



Chapter 10



The sun was a glorious master. As it dipped under the sky, it rocked the world in its wake with heavenly radiance. Its illumination diffused through the atmosphere, painting the sky in cascading hues of fiery yellows and oranges, purples, blues, shocks of pink and gold caught along the nebulous clouds, made solid by light. 
Looking upon the silent brilliance of the sky was like looking into god's furnace, the foundry of the heavens, burning cosmic matter and producing a light of such essential purity that it rent the very fabric of time and space and delivered an immortal splendor that descended upon the earth with the force of a titan's white hot hammer.
The clouds formed a flowing, organic nebula on earth, reacting with the light chemically, holographically, giving the sky its chromatic majesty and sumptuousness. To raise one's hand high, one could almost believe that mortal flesh could stroke the surface of something so divine, to caress the undulating forms, to feel the ravines and the valleys, the hills and the rivers of the sky. To taste the clouds, to drink from the river of life that was the sky cutting through the cosmic landscape, would be to savor the gift of life, and to know what it meant to be real.
Such a charged canvas, catching illumination in a way that nothing constructed ever could, made the heart sing and ignited a fire in the soul, to burn so long as it was fed by love, compassion, and understanding. Such was a light to be appreciated together, in the warm embrace of a friend, a lover, a partner. Such was a light to be appreciated alone, basking in the glory of transience, the beauty of the moment. Such a painting would never again exist composed the same way, for it was neither a painting, nor was it composed, and all one could do was savor, enjoy, record, and remember.
The window to the world was small, rectangular, and transparent, yet to reach out would be to touch the confining limits of an isolated reality. No, the celestial heavens above were the window to the universe; it stretched out across the span of the globe itself, and it was no prison, but a beacon, guiding those below to look upward, and aspire to so much more than they had ever dreamed possible. 
The trees, barren though they were, crawled across the surface of the sky, bending and swooping, the silhouettes of their forms, breaking up the light beyond into positive and negative space; a design with no designer. The luscious, staccato rhythm of their branches, reaching up, pointing to anyone willing to pay them attention. Their trunks, their roots, buried in the earth, led the eyes downward, to the substance of the planet itself, its life-giving mass, its structural gravity, holding the sky in place.
Deep below, fires burned, hotter than anything fathomable, liquefying rock for the surface of the earth to drift upon, hearkening back to a time when the earth was nothing but flame and char, battered by galactic artillery, delivering life one molecule at a time. And to see the present state of that life on the crust of the planet was to be part of the history of the earth, the history of the cosmos itself. To be one with the grasses, to feel the bark of the trees, breathing life into the skies, to hear the rains pouring onto the globe, to feel the warm love of the sun kissing the skin, was to be a part of the systems powering reality, and empowering the soul.
These systems, giving rise to men, giving rise to friends to enjoy reality and savor the grace of existence. These systems, giving rise to lovers to understand and explore this existence, to know it, to believe in it, to feel its resonant force reverberating in their very bones. These systems, giving rise to partners to cultivate and grow, to protect, and to contribute to reality, creating their own. These were the guardian spirits of the earth, and they watched in silence, without judgment, as their partners shunned their progenitors, and toiled to labors of their own invention.
The trees were sparse beside the slick surface of the pavement. Their branches reached high, wrapping their fingers around the clouds, but not as high as the snow covered roofs of the houses, their gutters clogged with ice and matter. They stood side by side, these buildings, of different muted colors, but of same basic build and structure. Their windows caught the light of the sky, imperfect and limited mirrors, reflecting a glimpse of something infinite. The cars in the driveways sat, collecting snow, their metallic surfaces blanketed, unable to catch anything more than a glimmer.
Power lines and telephone poles, wires disrupting the horizon. The singular posts stood upright, but only mostly, slowly sagging as they were pulled by the very force that allowed them to stand. This uniformity, this constructed structure, these rows of houses, lining up, ready to swallow. They were monotone constructs, built from the fabric of the earth into compartments that wrapped themselves around their denizens like sarcophagi, the protected sealing their doors shut every day they returned, till they returned no more, or had no reason to leave.
The land was torn with roads, the earth stripped of its skin, flayed and burnt with scalding pavement, poured into the bleeding wounds. The trees were ripped from the earth itself, their roots torn, their bodies broken and destroyed, their carcasses left to rot, replaced by more manageable bushes. This was the work of partners who would leave the earth cold and gray, gray and dead, long before it's time was due, just like themselves. To look upon the surface of the earth was to look upon the work of a yeti who had vomited snow everywhere in chunks and clumps on the streets and the sidewalks, and then shat on his own vomit, with explosive mud drenched diarrhea that left him dead in the street. Fortunately, his body was pushed aside by a snow plow.
Yet in a moment's short breadth, the light passed, and darkness prevailed, ruling over the world with despotic command. He heard the sound of a car pulling into his driveway. Joseph looked out his window, and sighed. So much for that. He shut the blinds and looked to his door. His father would burst into his room, with something inane to say. He would talk about some stupid sweater he bought for a dollar, or the fact that Crime and Punishment was slow, or Baconnaise. His father would brutally kill a few more minutes, because that's all he cared about, killing time till his eventual demise. Or it would be his mother, bursting into the room, yelling at Joseph to go clean the driveway, because that was all he was good for, a mule with no other purpose than to labor, physically, mentally, socially. How did the saying go? Work makes me free. Wasn't that used by the Nazis?
After his parents harassed him, Joseph would eat something, probably meatloaf, and then he would go upstairs and lament, and then he would write some stupid fantasy escapist drivel, and then he would check his email, yes, again, and then he would lament some more, and then brush his teeth and go to sleep. Or maybe he would check his email first, and then lament, and then write, and then lament. Or maybe-
Yes, it was definitely time to stab himself. Now where did that knife go? God, it was so damn cold, but his parents never turned up the heat, it drove him nuts. He couldn't find the knife, but he found an old ratty blanket, and wrapped it around himself as he sat in his chair. He must have looked like an old, fat woman, but he didn't care. It was damn cold.
But as he turned to see his father in the entry way, Joseph paused. Something was different about him. Normally, his father wore a fairly blank, idiotic expression on his face, as he was constantly excited by trivial things, but only mildly so. Now though, he wore a strange, humorless expression, one might even say haunted. Joseph wondered what had happened. Car accident? Mugging? Out of toilet paper?
What's up, dad? Joseph said, after the moment became awkward.
His father exhaled, as if for the first time in thirty years. I don't know how to tell you this, Joseph, so I'll just say it. We were at the doctor's, and your mother has breast cancer.
 Joseph just stared, feeling nothing. Wait, for real?
Yes, Joseph, his father said, quietly. Now listen. Your mother and I have had a long talk on the ride home, and we've decided you should go stay with your brother for a while. It'll be best for everyone this way.
Joseph looked ahead, his eyes wide. Wait, what? Where's mom?
His father gripped his head, the pores and the wrinkles deeper than ever. She wants to be alone right now. Please, Joseph, just leave her in peace. His father turned and left, leaving Joseph staring at an empty passage.
Joseph turned in his seat, suddenly freezing cold. He looked to his monitor, the internet browser already open. Extravagantly Successful Young Person of the Day: Mark Zuckerberg. Inventor of Facebook, the service you use to browse all your 'friends' daily, wishing they really were. He has a net worth of $14 billion. Bet he made his mother real proud!



Chapter 11



The equation on the page of his scribbler began to spread out a widening tail, eyed and starred like a peacock's, and, when the eyes and stars of its indices had been eliminated , began slowly to fold itself together again. The indices appearing and disappearing were eyes opening and closing; the eyes opening and closing were stars being born and being quenched. The vast cycle of starry life bore his weary mind outward to its verge and inward to its centre, a distant music accompanying him outward and inward. What music? The music came nearer and he recalled the words, the words of Shelley's fragment upon the moon wandering companionless, pale for weariness. The stars began to crumble and a cloud of fine star-dust fell through space.

So, what is Joyce talking about? Ms. Wolf said upon finishing the passage. She looked down at the seated students around her, fumbling with their $3 Dover books, looking at one another awkwardly. Oh come on, Ms. Wolf said. You're all thinking it. Still nothing. She rolled her eyes. Little Stephen is having an orgasmic moment.
The class erupted, some laughing, some burying their faces in the pages in front of them. 
Joyce is using figurative language and developing a sense of abstract imagery to convey an emotive experience that would just not work if described literally. The fact of the matter is, little Stephen is having sex with a prostitute, but it's a reflection of his developing sexual identity and his ensuing struggle with the very things that make him human. As he climaxes, he achieves a state of almost spiritual insight, but it loses its specialness as he finishes up. Ms. Wolf put down her book. Does that make sense?
I will never look at a peacock the same way again.
That's enough Mr. Schulz, she said, turning her back to the laughing class. Okay, let's talk about Portrait of the Artist as a whole. It's important to keep the big picture in mind when you're tackling something of this magnitude, she said, uncapping  her dry-erase marker and beginning her work on the whiteboard.
In Portrait of the Artist, Joyce is making a case for exile. In the words of William Blake, 'You must leave your mother and father and houses and lands for the sake of art.'
There is a developing conflict between external constraints and his growing artistic self-awareness. In Stephen's life, there are three major external forces at play. 1) Family, where Stephen is forced to contend with his mother, his father, and their poverty. 2) The church, where Stephen is forced to contend with the authority of religion over his culture and his life, and the ensuing guilt that it elicits. 3) Country, where his native Ireland is a nation in great social and political turmoil at the time, and Stephen is pressured to answer its call. And all of this comes into direct conflict with Stephen's sources of inspiration, his imagination, and his acts of self-discovery, all of which cultivate his growing artistic self-awareness.
But it is important to realize that this is not an isolated phenomenon. Consider the Irish Literary Renaissance, occurring from about 1880-1980. 1) George Bernard Shaw, 2) Oscar Wilde, 3) William Butler Yeats, seminal poet and founder of the Irish National Theatre, 4) the playwright John M. Synge, 5) the playwright Samuel Beckett, 6) the poet Sen O'Casey, 7) the poet Sen  Faolin, 8), the poet Seamus Heaney, 9) the poet Eavan Boland, 10) the director Jim Sheridan, and more. James Joyce, powerhouse writer though he was, was only a part of the bigger picture, this larger tapestry of artistic, cultural, social revolution.
But we have to remember the title. 'A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man,' not the Portrait. This is only one person's story, and, in the grand scheme of things, there's always room for one more. In the words of Walt Whitman, the powerful play goes on, and you will contribute a verse.
The bell rang, and the students gathered up their belongings, leaving en masse to enter the canals that would take them to their next destination. Joseph, with notebooks and textbooks and   calculator in hand, attempted to scurry past with the rest, but Ms. Wolf stopped him with her penetrating gaze.
So what do you think of the book? she said, sitting at her desk.
Oh, it's all right, Joe said, the stragglers just departing.
Yeah, well, Joyce had to endure a lot of controversy when the book was published, she said, her voice losing its oratory vigor.
Really? Joe said. Why?
Well, the sex, the depiction of Catholicism and the Catholic church, Irish conventions that sort of thing was a whole lot less acceptable back in his time, and it took a lot of courage to write something so provocative. And on top of that, the man was writing on paper. I mean, can you imagine?
Joseph nodded, eying the clock over the door nervously.
She took off her glasses and breathed wearily. Well, you may not like reading it now, but when you're older and bewildered, these are the types of things you go to in search of answers.
As Joseph walked out of the classroom, down the hallway, he began running, nearly dropping his calculator. If he didn't hurry, he would be late for calculus-based physics.
He remembered that class, even now. Not the specifics  the equations, the constants, the variables  but the aggravation of seeing that numerical massacre scribbled all over his papers. And the teacher's red pen, marking them all up, amounting to a giant WTF? Every day, and every night, the same. God, he hated that class. At least he got a B.
Joseph sat in his car, parked in a parking lot, staring out at the dreary park through his windshield. He used to play soccer on those fields when he was a kid, with the park district. It was fun. Until he realized he sucked. The snow on the fields had melted, sopping the dry grasses and mud with the runoff, turning the park into a bog. Sometimes, in the thick of winter, it would randomly get warm, and the snow would melt as it had, for no particular reason. And then it would freeze over night and snow the next day. And then he would have to clean the driveway.
He wondered what it would be like, to live in that gray world, for all his life. What if he became a doctor, or a lawyer, or a policeman, or a teacher, would he be happy? If he grew up, got a degree, got a job, got married, had kids, and lived in the land of darkness for all of eternity? Well, perhaps that was an exaggeration; seventy-eight years could hardly be called an eternity. He looked on, surprised by a formation of geese flying through the sky. Wasn't it too late for migration? 
It would be safe, at least, being gray. Nobody would bother him, or question the decisions he had made. Nobody would ever look down upon him, ever again, if he were a doctor. Nobody ever looked down upon doctors, because they saved lives. Well, then again, there were the plastic surgeons  they didn't save lives, but they sure as hell got paid. And when they got paid, they got nice houses and nice cars, and nice wives, or husbands, but let's face it, how many women plastic surgeons were there, really?
Joseph looked out on the fields and remembered when his mother used to drive him to soccer practice every week on Thursday nights. He only agreed because his mother had wanted him to do it. She used to say it would help him become tall and strong, like the other boys. It wasn't only after a few years, when he realized the other boys were growing tall and strong, and he wasn't, that he began to suspect the injustice. Then he got kicked in the balls  that helped too. In fact, it happened so often that his mother had to buy him a cup. Needless to say, after the cup broke, he just gave up.
He thought of his mother now, and he didn't have much to say. She was always working, and when she was home, she was cooking, and bitching. Such was her life. And what was Joseph supposed to think about that? How was he supposed to look upon his mother kindly when all she had ever been was an imperious force driving him to be something he wasn't? Joseph wished he was tall, strong, handsome, intelligent, virtuous, and had a football scholarship to Yale  that would be pretty awesome, it's not like it was something he would be against. But what was he supposed to do when all he had to work with was what he saw in the mirror?
But it wasn't like his mother was the devil. There were mothers who had beaten their kids. There were mothers who had killed their kids to get back at their cheating husbands. There were mothers who inspired such hatred in their children that their sons would become misogynists and beat their wives later in life, and their daughters would make misogynists out of their husbands, and proceed to get beaten and cheated on themselves, and then drown or abuse their own children, or why not both? No, his mother only did what she did because she cared. After all, he did come out of the woman's womb. That's some pretty serious shit, you know?
Indeed, she had given him the gift of life, and he had fucked it all up. He was a sick, perverted, sinful, ungrateful, stupid, ignorant, ugly, selfish, alienated, insane, weak, filthy pariah of an excuse for a human being. He was a mongrel, the basest of living creatures, who disappointed his mother, disappointed his father, disappointed ancestral generations of Andersons lying in their graves, and utterly failed at the game of life. Nineteen years had passed, and he had wasted every one of them. If only somebody had told him in the beginning that the stakes were so high, the decisions so critical, the moments so fleeting If only somebody had helped him understand how to be good, not speculatively, but for real. But these were just excuses. A stronger man would have succeeded where Joseph had failed. A stronger man would not have killed his mother.
But what was there left to do? There was nothing. Nothing but empty sewage green fields, slate gray skies, and a parking lot, composing the entirety of the world left to him by the gods. He had been judged, and he would remain in the fields of asphodel so long as his feeble matter could support his quavering life. And he had no one to blame but himself. He had had his chance, and his time was done. There was no paradise, no damnation for him. Only gray and darkness  a quiet life, an empty life, packing boxes  with his mother's blood coating his hands.
The sound of rain softly striking the metal of his car reverberated and echoed like a miniature meteor shower, till it built up into something violent. He looked out his windshield to see the water pouring over his car in waves. The hell is this, an Akira Kurosawa movie? Joseph cursed and hit the replay button on his CD player. The acoustic version of Black Swan was so haunting, and it felt right, listening to it when he needed something to fill the void; to think, a guitar and a voice were the only tools needed to create something stirring and sublime.
He looked to the clock on his dashboard; he needed to get going, or else he would be late. So he turned on his wipers, turned on his headlights, and pulled out of the lot to the chug-chug-chugging of the rubber running across his vision. He drove, seeing nothing but pouring rain and headlights in the distance, coming at him like ghostly demons on the other side of the road. He drove slowly, trying not to die, but more out of habit than desire. It would be a fitting way to go, wouldn't it? For his car to flip over, in the rain, in the suburbs, in the winter.
When he pulled into the driveway, he opened the garage and parked, his headlights illuminating the metal and plastic, all the rows of useless things lining the walls. He shut off his car and slammed the door, knowing not when he would ride that weary steed of his again.
He went inside, and saw his father sitting on the stairs in his winter coat and boots, his head in his hands, thinking presumably about medical bills.
You ready, Joseph? his father said, looking up.
Yeah, Joe said. He followed his father, locking the door on his way out. He had already packed and stowed the luggage in the back of his father's car, so he simply opened the door and got in. It had been a long time since he sat in the passenger side of a vehicle.
You have your itinerary? his father said, pulling down his seatbelt.
Yeah, Joe said, not bothering to check.
They pulled out into the heavy rain, the water slamming into the roof like a waterfall, sending the metal ringing.
How 'bout this weather, huh? his father said, driving out of the cul-de-sac, leaving the houses behind.
Yeah, Joe said, looking through the window as his world faded into oblivion. How 'bout it?



Thank you for reading


The story continues with Blood For Culture: Part 2, which is available at your preferred ebookstore. You can also purchase the story in its complete form as an ebook or in print.

For more, you can visit the authors website at MitulMistry.com/writing. You can find his blog at MitulMistry.com/blog and follow him on Twitter @mmystic

Thank you for supporting the author and, once again, thank you for reading!



Copyright


An excerpt was used in Chapter 11 from James Joyces A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man, a work which is in the public domain in the United States.
