Apocalypse

The Wasteland Chronicles, Volume 1

By Kyle West

Smashwords Edition
Also by Kyle West

The Wasteland Chronicles
Apocalypse
Origins
Evolution
Revelation
Darkness

http://kylewestwriter.wordpress.com
Chapter 1

When a citizen of Bunker 108 turned sixteen, he or she was deemed old enough to start reconnoitering.
Reconnoitering was dangerous work  not so much because of the Wastelander bogeymen that had kept me up at night as a kid. There were a ton of ways to die out there  windstorms and cold not being the least of them.
Always, when you went out of Bunker 108, you never knew if you were coming back.
Michael Sanchez drew lots with me that day. Michael, a seasoned vet, was all hard muscle and an Officer to boot. I looked like a pencil in comparison  five foot seven, and one hundred twenty-seven pounds. Im sure we looked like quite the pair as we walked down the long tunnel to the exit of Bunker 108.
I was nervous as hell. I had never been allowed into the Wasteland before.
Yesterday had been my sixteenth birthday.
As we walked, I felt as if I were in a dream  or a nightmare. 
I just hoped I didnt have to use my AR-15, even though I knew how. Everyone was mandated an hours practice each week at the firing range, minimum. Chief Security Officer Chan wanted everyone ready  for what, I didnt know. We were told Wastelanders would kill for anything.
So we had orders to kill them first.
Conflicts with Wastelanders were rare, but Chan liked to keep a close eye on things. A kill first policy prevented anyone from running away and letting others know that we were here. It was how we had survived so long  unlike the others.
And that was what I was most nervous about  not the cold dry wind, the dead world, the red hazy sky stretching above, or the lack of a sun dimmed out by layers of meteor fallout. No  I was scared that we would find someone outside, and I would have to shoot him.
We paused at the vault-like door. Large bold numbers, 108, pressed into the thick metal. For my entire sixteen years, that door had served as the barrier between safety and danger, known and unknown, fake and real. And now, I was about to go outside for the first time in my life.
Michael, the person I was partnered with, was twenty-four: tall, good-looking, with coppery skin. He went to the sun rooms often, because Officers were allowed longer light baths than civilians. Officers had other perks and signs of status: cushier apartments, more meal credits, and more days off. Chan did everything to incentivize the people who kept him in power. Everyone wanted to be an Officer.
Michael twisted the wheel, his muscles bulging beneath his desert camo. It was cold and dry out here in the entrance tunnel; we had left the safety and warmth of Bunker 108 behind. I hopped up and down a few times, trying to get some blood flowing. My own desert camo hoodie bounced up and down on my head. The cold had killed a recon caught in a dust storm, two years ago. It paid to be careful.
The wheel groaned as it gave, little by little. Finally, Michael opened the door with a clang, pulling it slowly inward until the Wasteland outside was revealed.
The natural light, though dim, still blinded me. A cold rush of dry wind blasted my face. I raised my hand to shelter my eyes from the dust. As they adjusted, I could first make out distant red mountains, like upside-down, bloody teeth. I discerned, nearer than the mountains, crimson dunes that looked as if they should be on Mars rather than Earth. A dilapidated, rusted crane lay half-buried maybe half a klick out, where it had been since December 3, 2030  Dark Day, the day when most of humanity, and most of life, died.
Welcome, Michael said with a sardonic grin, to the Wasteland.

***

I followed Michael down the gravelly slopes of Hart Mountain, pulling my hoodie forward over my head to keep out the cold as best I could. Late September in Southern California meant freezing temperatures every night.
Though I had seen countless pictures of the Wasteland before, I could not help but take it in with numb shock. All vegetation was short, squat, clinging for its life in the sandy, cracked earth. Most everything was dead  truly dead. Life had fled long ago. I often imagined Old Cali, like in the movies I watched in the digital archive. I dreamed of a hot, sandy beach, the blue ocean and sky, the bright, heavenly sun without a cloud to bar its light. I loved watching those movies, and spent hours in the archive living in a dream world and wishing I had been born a hundred years ago and not in 2044.
We had been walking five minutes when Michael spoke.
Youre quiet, Alex, he said. I thought youd be excited about your first recon.
Michael was right. I didnt talk much. I just didnt see the point. Id always been this way. Well, not always. My mom died when I was seven, which might have been the beginning of it. Then my little sister died, a few minutes later. My mom had been giving birth. In a harsh world, death came often.
We were out of sight of home by now. I shivered as a particularly chilly wind blew. We passed a metallic trailer shimmering in the late afternoon haze.
That trailers for dust storms, Michael said. You never want to be caught in one. Itll be the last mistake you make.
We stopped in front of the trailer.
Lets wheel around the mountain, Michael said. Were taking the long route today.
Whats the long route?
Finally, some goddamned curiosity. The long route goes all the way around Hart Mountain. Its about a five-mile course, total.
He walked on, and I trudged behind him. Michael was alright, for an Officer. He had a wife and a kid, and like me, he had never seen Old Earth.
My father had. When he was ten, the government had put him and his dad, my grandfather, in Bunker 108. My grandfather, Lorin Keener, was a brilliant immunologist. The government took only the brightest, the highest-ups, and the people with the fattest wallets into the Bunkers. I hated to think of all those people who died, but in the end, it came down to whoever wrote the largest check, had the biggest brain, or the prettiest face. Well over 99.9 percent of the nation was left outside to fend for itself when Ragnarok crashed down.
These survivors were called Wastelanders, and we did what we could to avoid them, and to keep them avoiding us.
Wastelanders werent like citizens. For one, there were more of them. Wastelanders were brutal, barbaric, and did anything they could to survive. Like animals, they killed not just for supplies, but for fun. Sometimes men became lost on recons, and their bodies would be discovered weeks later, riddled with bullets and half-buried in red sand. Ive known of four deaths in my lifetime due to Wastelanders. Sometimes, when Wasteland Raiders camped too close, Chan ordered them eliminated in the dead of night. Losses sometimes happened.
The U.S. left the Dark Decade with one hundred and forty-four Bunkers. Some perished due to internal breakdowns, sure. But some were overrun by scared, starving people who wanted the huge stash of food and supplies the Bunkers held. Now, in the year 2060, only four Bunkers remained: Bunker 76, Bunker 88, Bunker 108, and Bunker 114. Bunker 114 was not far from ours  maybe fifty miles. It was sheer luck that it was so close and still running. During the Dark Decade, the U.S. built a lot of Bunkers in the Mojave because of nearby L.A., San Diego, and Vegas.
If there was a reason for secrecy beyond safety, I didnt know it. Bunker 108 was a center for xenobiological research, which might have justified keeping its location under wraps. If such research were seized or destroyed, it would completely frustrate our efforts to understand what was going on at the Ragnarok impact site, over a thousand miles away in Nebraska and Wyoming.
I was glad to be a citizen, living in a Bunker. We had warm beds, hot showers, and a safe life. Bunker 108 had a digital archive where millions of books, recordings, and movies were stored. I spent a lot of my off time there, listening to the music of the Old World, watching the movies, reading the books. We had a commons with a pool and a basketball court, among other amenities, including the sun room  fifteen minutes of pure, lighted bliss, giving all Bunker residents their daily dose of Vitamin D. Everything was warm, everything was in its right place, and people were happy  for the most part.
Bunker 108 had a population of four hundred  there had been five hundred when it was filled to capacity in 2030.  Chief Security Officer Chan was in charge of operations. He was a little harsh, but he kept things in order. I just tried to dodge him when he walked the corridors.
Michael and I arrived at the north face of Hart Mountain. As we walked, I stared at the distant red peaks. I was used to the confines of the Bunker, and seeing so much open space was surreal.
Jesus Michael said.
I stopped short. What?
Face down in front of us, hidden by some wispy scrub, lay the body of a man, stabbed several times in the back. Small traces of purple slime oozed from the wounds. He wasnt moving.
Michael knelt beside the man, placing a hand on his neck.
Theres a pulse
I wondered why Michael was checking for a pulse, and not shooting him. That was standard protocol: if you found a Wastelander, he was killed, end of story. But after looking at what the man was wearing, I saw why.
The number 114 was emblazoned on his sleeve.
Is he from that other Bunker? I asked.
For some reason, my eyes drifted up, focusing on a distant boulder. Something was off about it.
Then I realized what it was. A womans face was peeking around its side.
Chapter 2

I knew exactly what I was supposed to do  tell Michael about the woman and have her eliminated.
It was so simple, and yet I kept my mouth shut. She was a Wastelander. She could tell people where she had seen us, compromising the entire security of Bunker 108.
And there lay this man from Bunker 114 on the ground before us, stabbed. She might have been the one to do it.
Yet I didnt say a word. Feeling like an idiot, I just stared out at that giant red rock as the evenings shadows stretched. By now, the woman had long disappeared. I was beginning to wonder if she had been there at all. I could only remember her face, pretty, even with the distance, framed by long, black hair. For some reason, that made it more difficult. Deep down, I knew she was human, like me. Who was I to kill her, even if she had attempted the same with this man from 114?
Michaels voice snapped me back to attention.
Alpha Patrol to Base  do you have a copy, over?
Base to Alpha Patrol, what is your status, over?
We found a man, stabbed several times in the back. Hes unconscious, but theres a pulse. I think hes from that other Bunker, over.
The handheld radio went quiet. I took my attention off the boulder, and looked at the man.
If hes from Bunker 114, whats he doing out here? I asked.
Michael didnt answer as I thought over the possibilities. If he was here, it had to be for a very important reason. Did CSO Chan know he was coming?
The radio crackled to life.
Alpha Patrol, what is your location, over?
Two miles onto the long route. Do you want us to extract to base, over?
Negative on that for now. Give a description of the man, over.
Male. Age: 35-45 years. Ethnicity: white. Short of stature, black hair. He carries nothing  no ID, no gun, no pack. God knows how he made it this far. Michael sighed. He may have been attacked and robbed. There are three deep stab wounds in the back  one on the lower right side of the back, and two more to the left of the spine. Theres blood and dark pus oozing through his clothes, over.
The wind blew cold and dry, covering the mans pale face in a thin layer of red dust. The sun-glow faded behind hazy clouds above the distant red mountains. Night had come. It was high time to get back.
Alpha Patrol, a voice said, icy and clear. It was CSO Chan. Were sending a team to extract the man to base. Remain where you are, and keep an eye out for hostiles. There may be Raiders in the area. Do you copy, over?
Copy that, Michael said.
Good. Over and out.
Apparently, Chan hadnt known about this. I looked at the spot where I had seen the woman. With the setting of the sun, the boulder was left shrouded in shadow. The woman, if she had even been there, was long gone by now. Whether right or wrong, the sick feeling in my gut wouldnt go away.
The cold wind never abated, blowing on my already numb face, stinging me with particles of sand, cracking my lips dry. At long last, flashlights crested the rise behind us. Voices signaled the arrival of reinforcements.
Four men approached, their faces lost to darkness.
Where is he? asked the one in charge, whose voice I didnt recognize.
Down here, Michael said.
Two men pointed their guns into the darkness. Everyone else, myself included, lifted the body, one person to a limb. Together, we lugged the man back to base.
Michael explained everything on the way, but I kept silent. I was thinking of the woman. They asked me several questions about what had happened. I answered in monosyllables, echoing everything Michael had already said. There was no use in telling them about the woman now. If I did, at best I would be severely disciplined for not speaking up earlier. At worst  well, I didnt want to think about that. Now that I was sixteen, I could be tried as an adult, and the holding cells in the Officers Wing were mighty small.
I felt relieved when we finally reached the vaulted door of Bunker 108. The outside of the door, though metallic, was the same dull brown as the terrain. Unless you were right on it, it was almost indistinguishable from the mountainside. A small camera was hidden in the rock to the right of the door, allowing the Officer on duty to see anyone coming.
The door was opened from the inside, revealing an Officer. The Officers eyes widened as he watched us pass the Bunkers threshold into the rock tunnel. After we had passed through, he hurriedly shut the door and twisted its lock wheel behind us.
We were safe. I had finished my first recon; but for good reason, I didnt feel all that proud.
Lights in the entrance tunnel flashed on overhead, illuminating the six of us carrying our burden inside. We left the rocky tunnel and entered the atrium. The receptionists desk was empty  Deborah had either gone home, or was at the Caf.
Next to the half circular desk stood my father, Steven Keener, waiting with a gurney and a nervous orderly at his side. His disheveled brown hair was streaked with gray, and dark circles underlined his hazel eyes. It looked as if he hadnt slept in days.
He shot me a worried glance as we put the man on the gurney.
Dad
Not now, son. Go eat. Well talk later.
My father and the orderly started wheeling the patient toward the medical bay, flanked by the Officers.
My father was always busy. Between his duties as senior doctor and his own pet project of researching the xenovirus, I could hardly find time with him. He sometimes put in over a hundred hours a week at the lab, all while caring for patients. I didnt see how it was possible.
After handing off my rifle to the quartermaster (a small armory stood near the front desk), I headed to the commons to kill time before dinner. In the corner, several Officers and a few civilian women were watching a movie on the big screen. A couple of kids played Ping-Pong in the corner. I sat in a chair in another corner, and watched some of my classmates play basketball.
In a community of about four hundred people, you knew everyone, and everyone knew you. Not enough to be your friend, per se, but enough to have a sense of who you were, who your friends were, and what you were about. It was hard to imagine what life had been like in the cities  like Old L.A., where the population had reached into the millions. A world where you didnt know everybody seemed strange and unreal to me. Maybe it had been for them, too. Only the old ones in Bunker 108 remembered those times, and most of them were gone. A lot went crazy, living underground  or so Id heard. But Id never heard of anyone born underground who went crazy.
I didnt find Bunker living that bad, especially considering the alternative of living on the surface. I had the archive teaching me, and someday I would be a doctor here, too, like my dad. Maybe even sit on the Citizens Council like him, though he rarely attended because of his duties.
As for me, I was no one special  scrawny, quiet, and a little too smart for my own good. That was what my dad said, anyway  that last bit, not the scrawny and quiet thing. My goal: to exist and survive and not get in the way. When you got in the way, other people made trouble for you. There was only one true friend I could claim, and her name was Khloe. Wed known each other from the cradle, but wed been growing apart lately. I didnt know whether it was just that we were getting older or something else entirely.
I reached for my sketchbook in my pack. Drawing was one of my ways to blow off steam, and I had a knack for it. As I sat in my chair, I just let the pencil move across the page, not really paying attention to what I was creating. Ten minutes later, without realizing it, I had finished a sketch of the woman I had seen in the Wasteland. Her face was shaded with dusk. She had long, black hair and fierce eyes. I was amazed by the amount of detail Id captured; she had been awfully far away.
It was the face of a woman who might have killed. Someone I might have had killed. And now, I was drawing her.
I ripped the sketch out and tore it to pieces. My heart raced for no good reason  as if someone were going to see the sketch and know exactly what had happened. I looked up to see that everyone was leaving the commons, heading for the Caf.
I wondered what was happening in the medical bay  the stabbed man, my father  and even what Chief Security Officer Chan was doing.
But all that would have to wait. I got up and headed for the Caf.
Chapter 3

I ate alone at mess. My thoughts were too heavy for casual conversation.
People walked by, their faces questioning. Word had gotten around that something had happened out there. I ate my potatoes and vegetables in silence, never looking up.
Sitting by yourself. As usual.
I felt my heart miss a beat as Khloe plopped down on the metal bench next to me. Out of the corner of my eye I could see her shoulder-length black hair. I turned to meet her bright blue eyes.
Khloe! What are you up to?
Just hanging out, I guess, she said, with a smile. Eating some food, as Im wont to do. You?
Much the same.
As I took another bite, I felt her staring at me.
So she asked. How was it?
I swallowed. What do you mean?
Dont play coy with me, Alex Keener. I know you came across a dead body.
Right to the point, huh?
Im a busy girl. So what happened?
Well, he wasn't quite dead, actually. Hes in the medical bay with my dad. Three stab wounds. I ate another mouthful of food, and swallowed. It was pretty bad.
Yeah, I know all that, but youre my inside source.
Dont you mean outside source?
She smiled at my lame joke. Who is he? Where did he come from?
I dont know. If anyone does, its Sanchez or Chan, or I paused. Whats with all these questions, anyway?
She smiled. You know me. Im curious.
Im sorry, I said. If youve been asking around, you probably know more than me, actually.
She laughed. Yeah. Right. Well, if youre not saying anything, you must be hiding something.
I couldnt help widening my eyes a little.
Hit the nail on the head, huh?
Yeah, maybe a little.
Well, what happened? Spill the beans.
Nothing happened. We went out, found the body, and called for some help. Now were here. Eating beans.
I looked at her and smiled, but she seemed unconvinced.
Funny, she said. Im not letting you off that easy. Alex, how long have we known each other?
I dont knowsince we were kids?
Yeah. Our whole lives. And who would you say your best friend is?
I dont have to answer that
I want to hear it, anyway.
You, of course.
Okay, she said. Somethings bugging you, and Im going to pry it out of you if its the last thing I do. You saw something. And youre going to tell me what it was.
I thought of the woman I had seen. I didnt answer Khloe for a while, and not because I distrusted her. I knew shed keep a secret. But what I had seen weighed on me, and it didnt seem fair to lay it on her. What if she got in trouble?
Still not talking, huh? Whatever happened, you cant pen it up inside. You need someone to talk with. Im here.
You're persistent, arent you?
She shrugged. I know you, Alex. Youre too quiet. Its okay to let your feelings out. Really, it would do you good.
I was about to protest the feelings bit, but decided it wasnt worth it. In the end, I decided that she was right. But this was not the place for telling her.
Alright, but you have to promise not to tell. And I cant tell you here.
That serious, then?
I nodded, not saying anything else. All around us, people chattered, silverware clanked on trays, chair legs squeaked against the linoleum.
Fine, Khloe said. The chapel, at twenty hundred?
The chapel would work. No one went there much anymore, so we wouldnt be discovered.
Alright, I said.
I was really doing this. I was going to tell Khloe something I had intended on taking to the grave. Maybe it wasnt that serious, but it definitely seemed like it. If anyone found out besides Khloe, I would be in big trouble. Telling a secret, even to someone you trusted, always carried risks. Even with the best of intentions, people had a way of becoming their own worst enemy.
Khloe wasnt thinking about any of that, though.
Finally, I get some time with you. Now that you're reconnoitering and everything, I guess youre too cool for me.
Khloe, you know that's not true.
Hey, Khloe said, touching my arm. Itll be fine, whatever it is. Just trust me.
I looked at her for a second, trying not to focus on how good her hand felt on my arm. I stopped trying to figure her out years ago. There were feelings there, at least on my part  but for some reason, nothing had ever materialized. She always seemed to be with some other loser.
Okay, maybe that was a bit harsh. All the same, I always found myself playing the part of friend, and that was the biggest reason for our distance. It hurt to be around her.
Alright, I said. Ill meet you there.
Khloe smiled. Good. She jumped up, and half turned from me. Twenty hundred, the chapel. That's almost two hours away, so be ready.
Khloe went back to her table, and I returned to my food. I didn't know if I had made the right choice. But I knew Khloe  if she knew something was bothering me, she wouldnt let up until I told her. Besides, she was right  seeing her would be good. Maybe this would lead to something more than secret-swapping. Maybe, we could finally
I didnt let that thought form. I didnt want to hope too much. Hope was dangerous. If you let it grow, it only became more painful when it was crushed like a bug.
Alright  that was dark, even for me.
Well, hopefullytelling Khloe would get this off my chest. Maybe it would make me feel better.
Maybe.
Chapter 4

After dinner, I went to the medical bay, entering by the double doors. In my right hand I held a container of vegetable stew, still warm, from the kitchens. When I told the cooks it was for my dad, they werent surprised.
The medical bay was shaped like a giant square, with four operating tables set up in each quadrant of the room. All were empty. The mystery man wasnt here, but I had expected that. He would be in the back room, which was used for extreme cases.
The air was cold, stinking of medicine and metal. It held a frigid humidity that clung to my skin and clothes, and caused my boots to stick to the gray linoleum floor. I felt chilled as I walked across the bay. I never liked this place. It felt soulless and bare  colder than the rest of the Bunker. I didnt understand how my dad could work here.
The door to my dads office was ajar; he was in. I found him alone at his large, wooden desk  a desk that had stood in that office ever since the Bunker was filled, back in 2030. He squinted with bespectacled eyes at his computer screen, his lab coat wrinkled and dirty.
He didnt notice me at first. I set the container of stew on the corner of his desk, causing him to jump and look at me. Upon recognizing me, he relaxed.
Alex
You missed dinner.
Oh. My father frowned, looking at the soup as if it were something unfamiliar, as if he had forgotten that this thing called dinner existed.
Thats funny, he said. Im not even hungry.
Its alright. How is he?
My father sighed. Not good. Hes not dead, but hes dying. And as far as who he iswe dont know. Not yet, anyway. Comm lines with Bunker 114 are still down.
This was not a warning sign in and of itself. Communication with Bunker 114 was always spotty, especially recently. Communication satellites were notorious for acting wonky, due to going thirty years without maintenance. Eventually, time would leave the Bunkers in complete silence.
Did you stay up all night again? I asked.
Im getting close, Alex, my father said, ignoring my question. Very close. And this man might just have the key Im looking for.
What do you mean?
The xenovirus. My dad looked up at me. The tiredness was gone, and a strange energy came into his eyes, the kind that accompanies a passion  or perhaps, an obsession. I might finally be able to figure out how this damn thing works, Black Files or not.
This wasnt the first time for my dad to mention the Black Files. The Black Files encompassed years of research on the xenovirus and were archived in Bunker One, in Cheyenne Mountain, Colorado. Though many scientists had worked on the project, it was the brainchild of a certain Dr. Cornelius Ashton. The Black Files documented the xenovirus from its first discovery, cataloguing its various strains and the flora it affected.
The xenovirus first appeared at the Ragnarok impact site thirty years ago, which suggested it came from the meteor itself. From the Crater spread a strange growth known as xenofungus  an organic swath of pink, purple, and orange that covered the ground and seemed to thrive in any environment. Certain strains of the xenovirus also affected Earth plants. These plants, once infected, became twisted and lived in symbiosis with the xenofungus. Areas taken over by the xenofungus and twisted plants were known as Blights. No Blights existed as far west as California, though they were common in the middle of the United States, closer to Ragnarok Crater.
Besides caring for patients, my father researched the xenovirus, hoping to discover how it worked. He hoped he could find a way to eradicate it within plant species  to cure it, if you will. The Black Files, if ever uncovered, could be the key to completing his research. The xenovirus posed a risk to Bunker 108; it could infect crops, rendering them inedible. My father theorized that several Bunkers fell that way, not the least of which was Bunker One, which used to be Central Command for the United States of America.
Bunker One went silent overnight twelve years ago, and was presumed offline  which meant the Black Files were also inaccessible, because they were stored on its intranet database. If the xenovirus infected the farms of Bunker One, everyone there would have starved. But it begged the question: why hadnt Bunker One sought help from nearby Bunkers? And why wouldnt they have told anyone before starvation set in? Whatever happened, there were no survivors. No expedition sent there ever returned. Our Bunker had never sent anyone there, but other Bunkers had. And those Bunkers were gone now, too.
In any case, the Black Files were in Bunker One, locked away in what was probably an underground tomb.
My father believed the xenovirus was a byproduct of natural evolution, and not a direct result of the impact of Ragnarok. He hypothesized that mass extinction events, such as the Ragnarok Extinction, could stimulate a huge growth in biodiversity over the long run. He saw the xenovirus as the beginning of that growth  that it was lifes way of surviving given conditions of the meteor fallout, the constant cold, and lack of water. The xenofungus seemed to be perfectly adapted for Earths current climate. Laboratory tests proved it could survive, and even thrive, in conditions of extreme heat, cold, darkness, and drought.
The xenovirus wasnt a virus, really, but the name stuck. It was an agent that attached itself to DNA, copied it, and transposed it onto other life forms. The xenovirus mixed and matched genes of different plant species until it created something completely new. It seemed to do this at random, as if guessing what might work. It was hard to imagine how such a complicated life form arose so quickly, but my dad believed it possible. The xenovirus was so one-of-a-kind that my dad thought it should be classified in its own taxonomical kingdom.
As for me, I found the xenovirus and the fungus it produced creepy. Watching the lab samples of xenofungus made my skin crawl. There was something sinister about how fast it grew and swallowed plants, sometimes overnight. It created this pinkish goo that we hadnt yet named. Id suggested Keeners Slime, but I didnt blame my dad for not liking the ring of it. For now, we simply called it slime, at least until we could think of something more creative.
I ran tests on this mans blood, my father said. Its full of microbes infected with the xenovirus. These microbes, in turn, are making him sick.
I thought the xenovirus wasnt supposed to affect people. Just plants, right?
The xenovirus isnt affecting him directly. Its infecting the microbes in his bloodstream, and these infected microbes are doing a number on him. One thing is clear: it is killing him. The injuries I could have fixed. But against this infection, I have nothing. He is hanging on by a thread. If nothing else, I hope having him here will give me some answers.
What kind of answers?
Well, for one, we have never seen the xenovirus inside a human before. Even if its not infecting him directly, it can still provide useful data. He shook his head. And if he ever comes to, he might explain what exactly happened at Bunker 114. That alone has Chan on edge.
Yes, I imagined it would. If this was another Bunker down, and one so close, that meant there were just three left. And with so many fallen and offline one hundred and forty so far since 2030, one hundred and forty-one including Bunker 114  then we all had to wonder  were we next?
I tried not to think of that woman and how she could tell anyone that we were here. I didnt want to be the one responsible for our fall. I could only hope that it wasnt too late.
I shook this thought from my mind. Is he contagious?
As long as you didnt touch any infected areas, theres nothing to fear. All the same, hes quarantined.
I had to wonder: had I touched any infected areas? There might have been a point, as we were picking him up, when one of the wounds brushed against my clothes. Other than that, I had just held the guys lower leg.
I dont think I got anything on me.
Good. My dad stared at the top of his desk, his eyes distant. It looked as if he were about to pass out from exhaustion.
Get some sleep, I said. You wont figure anything out if youre tired. I pushed the container of stew toward him. It had cooled a bit during our conversation. And eat your dinner.
He sighed, grabbing the container, but making no move to open it. I have to run some more tests. Im the only one with the expertise to solve this. Who knows? If I hurry, the patient might even be saved.
I just wonder who he is, and what he could tell us. It must have been important for him to come all this way.
My father smiled. You are curious, Alex. Maybe too much for your own good.
I think I might get that from someone I know.
My father smiled. Touch. Just keep your nose out of trouble.
The problem was, I had already run into trouble. No matter how hard I tried, I couldnt forget the Wastelander woman. Maybe Id never forget her. For all I knew, she was halfway to L.A. with the intent of telling everyone where we were hidden. Worst-case scenario, she showed up at the door of Bunker 108 with a bunch of her Raider buddies. I didnt know if she was a Raider, but it wouldnt have surprised me. Out in the Wasteland, you either raided, or you starved  or so the Officers said, the only ones who were allowed into the Wasteland with any degree of regularity.
I had to tell someone about the woman. If I couldnt tell my dad, who could I tell?
This guy wasnt alone, Dad. There was a woman hiding behind a rock. I was the only one who saw her. She might have tried to kill him. She might have been with him at the time, I dont know. I didnt tell anyone. I justfroze. She ducked away. Shes probably far from 108 by now.
My father frowned. Instead of being angry, he looked contemplative  as if he had received a new piece of the puzzle.
Hmm. Maybe she did do it. Well, whatever happened out there, we have no control over it now. She is gone, and even if you had told someone, shed be dead. I would have liked to ask her a lot of questions. Perhaps she came from Bunker 114, too.
I hadnt thought of that, yet it made sense. But something inside told me that she wasnt a Bunker type. Even from that distance, there was a hardness to those eyes that underground soft living simply didnt instill.
You wont tell, right? I asked.
My father smiled. Alex, of course not. Im your father. Im on your side, no matter what. You did the right thing.
Even with his approval, I wasnt sure.
I sighed. I hope so.
At that moment, Chief Security Officer Chan entered my fathers office. His sudden appearance made me jump, and I wondered just how much he had heard. He surveyed me with his brown eyes, not missing a detail. Every part of his body was hard lines and angles, without a trace of fat. His hair was cropped and gray, and his face betrayed no emotion. I knew he often practiced meditation, as well as martial arts  and in Bunker 108, Chan inspired as much fear as he did respect.
He wasted no time in addressing me. I need to speak with your father alone, Alex.
Yes, Officer Chan.
Inwardly, I was relieved. It appeared he hadnt heard what I said about that woman. If he had, he wouldnt be telling me to go.
I glanced at my father. He nodded, urging me to follow Chans direction.
See you at home.
I walked out of the bay, realizing that I probably wouldnt be seeing my dad at our apartment tonight. Whatever Chan had for him, it wasnt the kind of thing that could be taken care of in a few minutes. Of course, Chan would be interested in the mans progress. He would not miss that for anything. As Chief Security Officer of Bunker 108, it was his job not to miss things.
The man from Bunker 114 had clearly been heading here. But why? What message was he carrying from that Bunker, and why was Chan so interested in it?
In the Old World, Chan was an intelligence officer. When he entered Bunker 108, he was in his early thirties. Now in his sixties, he was one of the few old ones left. As the higher-ups died or were relocated, Chan slowly took firmer hold on 108s operations. Hed been in charge almost my whole life, so I couldnt remember a time he wasnt. Though he was strict  maybe even draconian  there was no question: Chan had kept us safe all these years, and he was the main reason why we were one of the four Bunkers left.
I walked down the corridor. The hallway was empty right now; most people would be in the commons, the archive, or home in their apartments. I walked past the Caf, where the kitchen staff was wiping down tables.
I rounded the corner. At the end of the hallway were two wooden double doors with stained glass windows. I sighed as I walked up. I hadnt been to the chapel in a long time.
Id sort of lost my faith once I reached the age of reason. Khloe was different, but I just couldnt see how she could maintain her faith in Heaven when the world had gone to Hell. Id always wondered: what did we do that was so bad that God cursed us with this apocalypse? Sometimes, at night, I thought of the people above who lived in that cold, dry waste of a world eking out an existence for another miserable day. Hell, that was me sometimes, and I was the one with the warm bed, hot showers, and plenty of hydroponically-grown food.
Each time I realized anew: there was nothing  nothing but the Wasteland.
Dark thoughts, once again. In truth, I wanted someone to save me. I inwardly prayed it would be Khloe. It wasnt fair to burden her with that hope, but all the same, it didnt stop me from doing it.
I sighed, and pressed open the chapel door.
Chapter 5

I walked into the chapel. It was dark; the only lighting came from the hallway, and the air was thick and musty. Ten rows of pews lined the red-carpeted center aisle, which led to a low stage and communion rail. Being in this small sanctuary with the old familiar smell of wood and books made me think of younger days; simpler days that hadnt been filled with gnawing questions.
Khloe was already sitting in one of the back right pews. She tapped her foot as she leafed through a hymnal.
She looked up as I approached.
There you are, she said. I was beginning to worry youd stand me up.
I smiled. I would never.
She nodded toward the pew. Sit.
I took my place beside her. She put the hymnal up.
Its so dark in here, I said.
Yeah, she said. No one really comes here anymore.
This place was once a bigger part of the Bunker. Every Sunday, Father Nielsen had preached. Almost everyone would gather to hear his words. My dad was one of the few who didnt. He never put much stock in religion, and that rubbed off on me a bit, all the more so since Ive grown older.
Those had been different times. Then Father Nielsen got cancer. Even my dad couldnt save him from that.
With Father Nielsons death came the slow death of the church. Some tried to take his place, but no one spoke with his conviction.
Father Nielson had been dead two years now and it showed. Dust coated the hymnals in the pews. Cobwebs stretched from ceiling to floor in the dark corners, hung from the Christ nailed on his cross. I tried not to notice how defeated He looked.
I was the one to break the silence.
I saw someone, out there.
Khloe stared at me blankly. You mean someone other than the guy you found?
I nodded. Yeah. A woman was watching from behind a rock. She ducked away fast, but Im sure I saw her. I was the only one to notice. I even drew a picture of her.
Can I see it?
I shook my head. I tore it up.
Khloe sighed. So thats whats been bothering you?
You say it like it isnt a big deal.
No, it is.
I dont know what to do. I dont know why I didnt say anything to Michael about it
My voice trailed off. The words died on the dark walls. I waited for Khloe to say something.
I feel like I made a huge mistake.
I just wonder who she was, Khloe finally said.
I think its possible she killed the man. I mean, she was in the same area.
Maybe. She could have also been a friend. A family member. A lover. Who knows?
I dont think so. Its just a feeling I have.
So, why didnt you say anything?
Nothing in her tone was accusatory. But still, I was defensive.
I dont know. She was young, maybe a little older than us. But she wasnt one of us. She was a Wastelander for sure.
Khloe was quiet. It made me nervous since she was always so chatty.
You cant tell anyone, I said. I know you wont, but I just want to be sure. Something bad could happen if anyone found out.
Does your dad know?
I told him after dinner. He didnt have the chance to give me advice because Chan walked in.
Khloe winced. He didnt hear anything, did he?
Im sure he didnt. If he did, I would be talking to him now instead of you.
I guess thats true.
I cant tell anyone. I cant. I shook my head. Maybe she killed him. But something tells me theres more to it than that. AndI didnt want her to die. If I had said something, Michael would have been forced to do something about it. I shrugged. Maybe he noticed, too, but didnt say anything, either.
Maybe, Khloe said. Who knows how many Wastelanders have slipped through the cracks that way? I know were taught theyre dangerous, but theyre people too, right? The point is, you shouldnt feel bad. Something inside you told you to stay quiet. As far as you know, thats the right choice. Dont beat yourself up about it.
Yeah. Maybe youre right.
Then again, maybe not. The woman was a Wastelander, and all Wastelanders have the capacity for violence. Who was to say she wouldnt lead anyone else here?
I cant help but feel that Ill be the reason for the fall of Bunker 108.
You cant keep thinking like that, Khloe said. You have to believe that you did right, or youll go crazy.
I nodded. Anyone could have explained it to me using those words, but because it was Khloe, they stuck.
Thanks, I said. Youre right.
Khloe smiled. Of course I am. Girls are always right.
I guess so.
What happened with the guy you brought in?
Hes in quarantine.
Quarantine? Is he sick?
Hes sick with the xenovirus. Not directly, but there are infected microbes in his bloodstream that are killing him. My dad thinks he doesnt have long now.
Even in the darkness, I saw Khloes face go white. Not many knew about the xenovirus, since technically it was supposed to be top secret, but Id told Khloe a little bit about it.
The xenovirus isnt supposed to affect people, is it?
No. Like I said, its not affecting him directly. Its getting him sick through the microbes, which are tainted. My dad is hoping to cure him, but Im not so optimistic. My dads been working on the xenovirus for a long time.
Will you be alright? You were around him
Well, Id be lying if I said I wasnt worried. My dad said as long as I didnt touch the wounds, I would be fine. I dont think I touched anything.
Think?
Im pretty sure I didnt.
She sighed. I dont like that answer.
I feel fine, I said.
You need to wash up. You probably didnt even wash your hands before eating.
She smiled, and touched my face. My cheeks burned  I hadnt expected that.
She pulled her hand back. There was dirt on it.
Told you.
Before I had a chance to react, a shadow fell over us from the still-open doorway to the corridor.
We both got up, and spun around.
It was Chan.
Chapter 6

Chan stood in the doorway, surveying us with his brown eyes. Khloe and I just stared at him, shocked. After a long while, he spoke.
Miss Kline, please return to your familys apartment. I must speak with Alex alone.
Khloe nodded, casting me a worried glance.
Mr. Keener. Follow me.
I followed Officer Chan, my thoughts racing. What did he know? How could he know anything at all? My dad wouldnt have said anythingwould he?
We left the chapel, walking through the corridors in silence until we reached a hallway I rarely frequented  the Officers Wing. Chans office was at the far end. A guard whom I recognized, but whose name I did not know, was posted by the door. He cast me a suspicious glance but said nothing as Chan and I entered.
Chans office had a desk with a computer and papers on it. On either side was an identical nondescript wooden chair. On the far wall hung a large map, detailing Southern California in the Old World. Red pins were stuck in key places, though only Chan and perhaps a few others knew their significance. The office was bare, utilitarian.
You may sit, Chan said.
I sat in the near chair; Chan remained standing, facing away from me. Though short, he appeared tall and domineering.
Close the door, Officer Burton.
The Officer nodded, and shut the door from outside. The silence that followed was thick.
How was your first recon, Alex?
It seemed a strange question, given what had happened.
I wish it could have gone more simply.
Chan wheeled around to face me, hands behind his back. I heard him crack his knuckles. The corners of his mouth remained horizontal.
I have called you in for two reasons. The first was to inform you that a new strain of the xenovirus has been discovered.
I stared at Chan for a moment in mute shock. It was just thirty minutes ago that I had left the medical bay, believing that it was only the microbes that were infected.
What? I asked.
I watched your father run another test after you left. I personally saw him place the mans DNA under a microscope, and clearly, whatever it showed was not entirely human. Your father never thought the xenovirus would be advanced enough to affect a human directly; thats why he would think to test only for the microbes to begin with. Chan smiled grimly. Im glad that I insisted your father do this. I had a very bad feeling from the beginning.
I was still so overwhelmed with the ramifications of a new strain of the xenovirus, one that affected humans, no less, that I could not answer. If the man was infected, it could be communicable.
I wanted to confirm this result to you in person first, Chan said. Since you help your father with his research, he will naturally share this breakthrough with you. You are not permitted, however, to share it with anyone else, under any circumstances. This is the main reason why I brought you here. You must promise me that this will remain hidden until I say otherwise. Do you understand?
Yes, I said. Of course. So, the xenovirus is actually transforming the man we found? As it would plants?
Chan nodded. Your father is still in the medical bay, working hard to understand this new threat. The man  whoever he is  is beyond saving. We can only watch as his body deteriorates, and take note of the effects the xenovirus has on him. Hopefully, we can learn all we can before he expires.
I remained silent in the pause that followed.
Now, Alexdid you tell anyone about the man? Perhaps you told Miss Kline?
I was a bit frazzled, so it was all I could do to look Chan in the eye. No. We were talking about school, for the most part. I mentioned that the guy was sick, but nothing more.
Chan nodded. I hope that was all it was, Alex. Because if this gets out, the consequences could be severe.
He said nothing more on that subject, and neither did I. It was hard to tell if he meant the consequences could be severe for everyone in 108, or severe for me. Perhaps he meant both.
Now, I also wanted to know what happened on the recon. Recount everything, beginning to end, and spare no detail. Any piece of information could be important, even if you believe it is trivial. Please, be specific as possible.
Alright.
I told him. He seemed uninterested in what I said, for the most part, but I saw his eyes, calculating. When I got to the part where Michael and I found the man, Chan became more alert.
I saw the man, and he had several wounds in his back. I watched Michael as he radioed back for help. We moved him
Chan stopped me there. You saw nothing else? No one else? Obviously this man could not stab himself in the back. There had to have been someone else there.
My face twitched. I hoped it escaped Chans notice. Im sure it probably didnt.
No. Just the man.
It seems strange that a man with stab wounds would be alive like that. It suggests the wounds were rather recent. The person who inflicted the wounds would still be nearby, by necessity. You saw nothing  no form, no footprints, no clues, as to whether there had been someone else present?
No. If I saw footprints or anything I would have told Michael. I guess he didnt see anything, either.
Chan just stared at me, willing more information out. Finally, he nodded slowly, as if I had just confirmed something he suspected.
When the Bunkers were first established, there were one hundred and forty-four  as you are well aware from your schooling. Now how many are there?
Four.
Four. He paused, to let it sink in. You are too young to know this, Alex, being only sixteen. But since that day in 2030, when the Bunkers were filled, there was hope. The Bunkers would arise and rebuild the nation Ragnarok had destroyed. But the Bunkers failed, one by one. Most were wiped out by Wastelanders. The commanders of the Bunkers were lax in security, too generous in charity. They allowed survivors in, gave away food. They didnt keep their locations secret. They could not bring themselves to shoot those who wandered by.
And somesome Bunkers disappeared into the night  here one day, gone the next, with no rhyme or reason why. The situation has worsened as communication satellites have fallen into disrepair, making contact with any Bunker near-impossible.
Chan paused, his eyes narrowing.
Do you know why we are still alive, Alex? Do you know why we have not fallen, just four left, still functioning, out of one hundred and forty-four Bunkers?
Because no one knows were here.
That is correct. No one knows we are here. So why go on recons at all? Well, we only send recons out in pairs, except in extreme circumstances, once every week. The senior is taught to look for things the junior is not privy to. Needless to say, it is a very important task, well worth the risk of being discovered. Very few wander near here, because they have learned to avoid this area. But the Wasteland is a fluid place  things change, and if we cant keep tabs on our environment, we cannot adapt to ever shifting situations, and may find ourselves eliminated in that way.
I am the Chief Security Officer. It is my job to maintain the security and well-being of all Bunker residents. I am entrusted by the government of the United States of America with running this facility, and have been given license to do whatever is necessary to ensure that. Whatever the cost.
He stared at me a while longer. Almost, he broke me with that will. But at last, he relented.
If you remember anything about your recon, you can talk to me personally. Remember what I said about the xenovirus. Not a word. He paused. That is all.
Just like that, the interrogation was over. Chan turned his attention to some papers, and seemed to have forgotten me in quick order.
But I had to ask one question before I opened the door to go.
Officer Chanwhy was that man coming to our Bunker, anyway?
Chan looked up, trying to decipher what I knew. Finally, he spoke.
It is a matter of governmental security that I cannot relay to you, he said. How he came to be infected in the first place Chan frowned, lost in thought. That is all I have to say on that subject.
Yes, Officer Chan.
I left Chan to his work, and closed the door behind me.
Questions raced through my mind as I walked home. By the time I returned to my fathers and my apartment, it was 21:00. Only then did I allow myself to relax. As soon as I shut the door, I heaved a huge sigh. Chan was the one person whose bad side I didnt want to be on. Up until now, I had done well in not drawing attention to myself. Chan would forever remember this, and it might make things difficult.
At least I had my dad to help with things. Tomorrow, after class, I would speak with him. He would know what to do.
I closed my eyes, trying to find peace. When I opened them, I looked at my familiar surroundings. Our apartment was two rooms  a bedroom, and a small living room. The living room contained a couch, several bookshelves filled to overflowing, and a large desk littered with papers and yet more books, where I did my homework and my sketches.
I went to the bedroom, and lay down on the corner bunk. It was a while before I fell asleep. After what Chan told me, it was a wonder I could sleep at all.
I could only hope the morning would bring answers and resolution.
Chapter 7

The next morning, I went to class. It was hard to concentrate as Mrs. Watson introduced the class to geometric proofs.
When lunch break came, Khloe walked up to me.
What happened last night?
It was fine. He didnt get anything out of me.
I turned around to leave.
Wait. Where are you going?
Sorry, I said. I need to go see my dad.
I stared at the wall, so frazzled by everything that had happened that I wasnt sure I could function anymore.
Need company?
I nodded. Sure. I could use the moral support.
Khloe and I left the classroom and headed for the medical bay. It wasnt far. We were there within a minute.
But when we entered through the double doors, it was completely empty. Not even my fathers assistants were there.
Did everyone go home? Khloe asked.
Thats what I thought, at first. Then I realized
He must be with the patient.
We walked toward the operating room. Through the small window in the door, the patient lay sprawled on his back, motionless. But thats not what worried me. CSO Chan was standing next to my dad and two assistants. All wore face masks.
We ducked out of the way, before any of them saw us.
What is it? Khloe whispered.
Chans in there, I said.
Should we leave?
No. I want to listen.
Oh, Alex. Do you really want to get into more trouble?
Im already in trouble. Besides, this is too important.
Khloe sighed. Fine. Ill stay too, I guess.
I leaned against the door and listened.
Will he expire soon?
It was Chan. I heard whispers from the assistants, followed by my fathers voice.
Yes. He is dead now, in fact. But the virus is still changing him. It must take a while before it expires, too.
How is it still transforming him? Chan asked, his voice both awed and horrified.
I have yet to run a DNA sample, but as you can see, all of his hair is gone. The muscles have thickened, and an MRI has shown that there has been a great reduction in brain matter. There are so many changes being made that it is impossible to take note of them all, much less determine their implications. But of note is a strange knot forming in the brain, where the amygdala and hippocampus are. They far exceed the mass of a normal person.
What does that mean?
We have no idea. Those areas of the brain are related to memory and emotion, to put it very simply. Why there is growth in both of them and deterioration in other areas, I dont know. It may not even matter. One way or the other, the patient is dead. His body temperature is the same as this room. No one could survive that.
They were all quiet.
Well, Chan said. Perform what tests you need to. Learn all you can. When youre finished, have him incinerated. I will not risk him infecting others.
At that moment, Chans voice tapered off. I leaned closer, thinking they were only speaking more softly.
Isis he moving? one of the assistants asked.
There was a long pause. I stopped breathing. My curiosity won over caution, and I lifted my eyes to the window.
All of them were so transfixed on the body that they were not even looking in my direction. The body of the man from Bunker 114 was still, inert. Dead.
Khloe stood next to me, also watching through the window, her eyes wide. Chan was facing away.
The body jerked, causing all the men to jump back. The legs convulsed, swung down from the table, and planted themselves on the floor. The eyes opened, revealing two completely white orbs that almost glowed in the semidarkness. As the men cried out, the mans arms grappled for one of the assistants.
Get him away! he screamed.
Chan pulled out a handgun and pointed it at the patient. Freeze!
The patient pressed forward, paying no heed. He leaned into the assistant.
Chan fired. The bullet entered the patients head, splattering the wall and the assistant with purple and grayish brain matter. The patient collapsed to the ground, and the ensuing stench of rot was so foul that it seeped through the edges of the door. I gagged.
Immediately, Chan turned, his eyes burning into me like fire. They narrowed as he scowled, his left cheek twitching. It was the most emotion Id ever seen out of him, and it terrified me.
He still held the gun in his hand; after a moment he holstered it. Suddenly, he calmed.
Clean this mess up, he snapped to the assistants.
My father was now looking at me with his soft, brown eyes, wondering why, of all places, I was here. I was guilty  doubly so, because I had gotten Khloe into trouble too. I would have to take the fall for that as well.
But Khloe was not even looking at me. She was still looking, with widening eyes, at the body. She pointed through the window.
Oh my God
The body on the floor was bloating, fattening, swelling in the limbs and chest like a balloon.
Everyone stared in horror at the body, now fat and trembling uncontrollably. The skin stretched as liquid beneath it bulged outward. It erupted with a sickening plop. Purple, gray, and red splattered the walls, the ceiling, covering the window through which I watched.
The stench made me vomit in my mouth.
I turned aside to spit it out. Khloe grabbed me by the shoulders, pulling me into the main part of the medical bay.
I didnt feel merely physically sick, but emotionally sick. My dad was in there.
My dad, who was probably now infected with a human strain of the xenovirus.
Chapter 8

Khloe pulled me away from the door and back into the medical bay. We stood there, unsure of what to do next.
Stay here, Khloe said. It might be okay
No words could describe the horror we had witnessed. The man had come back to life and exploded. I didnt see how it was possible. But there was no denying what I had seen.
The door opened. The four men walked into the medical bay. The purple slime covered their heads, their bodies, their mouths, their eyes. The odds of their escaping the xenovirus were slim to none.
They stared at us, and I saw nothing but horror in their faces. My father, his glasses in his hand, stared at the floor. Chan, however, was eerily calm. Hate glinted in his eyes, as if I were to blame for what had happened.
Everyone, to the showers, my father said. He looked at me as he said this, though I knew he was not talking to me. There is still a chance it might not be too late.
There was an air of defeat in his voice.
Stay here, Chan said to us. You are not to leave. And keep your distance.
They filed off for the showers, leaving Khloe and me alone in the med bay.
Maybemaybe theyll be okay Khloe said. Its not impossible, is it?
I dont know.
We just stood there, not talking, for the whole time we waited. I could not suppress the sickening dread mounting up. Ten minutes later, all four men reemerged wearing blue scrubs.
Before anyone else could, Chan spoke.
Stay here, he said. Stay here, and wait.
He raised his radio.
Officer Hutton, report to the medical bay immediately.
Everyone waited in silence for the one minute it took for Officer Hutton to come. When he entered the bay, he stopped short, his normally stony demeanor betraying shock. He was of average height and broad build, and had a trim black beard and short black hair. Burt Hutton was Chans second in command.
What is going on? Officer Hutton asked, his gaze running up and down the four mens scrubs.
Come with me, Chan said. All of you. Alex, Khloe, Hutton and stay on the other side of Dr. Keeners desk.
We followed Chan into my fathers office. He sat down in the chair. For the first time in my life, I saw Chan scared. His face was white.
Khloe, Officer Hutton, and I stood by the door. The other four men stood on the far side of the desk.
The room was quiet for a long while. Chan looked up.
There is not a small chance, he began, that Dr. Keener, his assistants, Ybarra and Jones, and I will soon fall ill and die.
Huttons eyes widened. What is this, some sort of joke?
Officer Hutton, Chan said, you know full well that there is no chance that I would joke about a matter of such gravity.
Hutton stared at Chan in shock. But Chan went on regardless.
In a matter of days  maybe even hours  I will likely be dead, along with everyone else who was in the room with the patient. We are infected with the xenovirus, a strain that targets humans.
I searched my fathers eyes for some other answer  any answer save this. But he was grave and clearly believed in his own doom as much as did Chan.
Chan was giving Hutton instructions. Assemble the Officers, making them aware of the situation. Post a constant guard of four Officers by the medical bay, allowing no one to enter or exit. Chan gave Officer Hutton full authority to do all this and, as Chans second, to assume control of the Bunker.
It sounded so clinical, the way Chan made plans for four eventual deaths. How could his mind work so clearly at a time like this? It made me hate him, the fact that he did not even acknowledge the tragedy of the situation.
My dad was dying.
Lead the children out, and return them to their families.
This is my family! I yelled, pointing at my dad. He is all I have!
Everyone was looking at me. Khloe and my father had tears in their eyes.
It will be alright, son, my dad said. Ill be fine.
How do you know that? I asked, tears stinging my eyes. You dont.
You can stay with us, Khloe whispered.
That will do nicely, Chan said, glad to have me out of the way.
Dad, is this it? Will I ever see you again?
He looked at me without a word. This time, he did not lie. His eyes told me everything.
I walked up, meaning to hug him.
Stop! Chan yelled. You are close enough!
I halted in my tracks.
Chan, my father said, that is enough. This is my son, and I will not have you speak to him that way.
Chan, instead of lashing out as I expected him to, merely became calm.
I will not risk any contagion of this disease. That I even allow this conversation is a mercy. The children have both been in here long enough. For a rare moment, Chans eyes softened. Children are not meant to see such things. I should have sent them out to begin with.
I looked at my dad, tears beginning to sting my eyes.
Itll be alright, Alex, he said. You need to do as Officer Chan says. I may yet be alright. I feel fine now.
Dad
Step away, Chan said. That is quite enough.
I turned to him, my fists clenched.
Alex, my father said. Do not waste words. This is not the end for you. I know you believe it isbut it isnt.
I stared at him through my tears.
You must be strong, son. There are people depending on you. You are a man. Never forget that. What does a man do?
I recalled the words he had told me seemingly hundreds of times.
A man does not do what he wants, I said. He does what he must.
Yes. Never forget it. I dont want to stay here, Alex. None of us do. But I must.
What will I do without you?
He looked at me for a long moment, as if he didnt know the answer to that. Its not over yet. You must not linger here any longer. You have a duty. To fill your role here. To help people. To protect people. To give them your strength.
Chan nodded to Hutton. Hutton placed a hand on my shoulder. As he guided Khloe and me out of the room, I did not resist him.
I love you, Alex, my father said. Never forget that.
I love you, too, Dad.
When you have escorted them out, Officer Hutton, return here, Chan said. I will brief you on what is to be done next.
Hutton nodded. Lets go, kids.
Grabbing each of us by a large, meaty hand, he pulled us out of my dads office and across the bay. I was trying to hold it together, but I knew it wouldnt be long until I burst.
Khloe and I were pushed out of the medical bay, and Hutton turned back inside, shutting the double doors behind him. Two burly Officers in helmets stationed themselves by the door.
I walked across the corridor and sank against the wall.
Khloes face filled my vision. She placed a hand on my right cheek, wiping my tears away.
Come on, she whispered. Lets get you home. He might be alright, Alex. He seemed fine when we were in there.
I hope so, I said.
But even as I said it, I knew it was a long shot.
She sat down next to me. We sat like that for a while. People walked by, asking what happened. I didnt answer. Khloe didnt answer. She just held me as if I were a child. The guards quietly explained that the medical bay was off limits, and gave no reason why. They mentioned nothing about my father, Chan, or my fathers assistants.
They dont know I whispered.
Khloe didnt answer. Soon there was such a crowd that I couldnt stand it. I needed to be alone.
I started to get up.
Come with me, Khloe said, pulling me by the wrist. You need to rest.
I need my dad.
She did not argue. Gently, yet firmly, she pulled me with her. An emptiness pulsated in my soul, a void that could never be filled. The only thing connecting me to reality was Khloe.
We reached her familys apartment. I lay down on her bed as she went to the main room to talk to her parents and explain what was going on. I felt completely alone.
Her parents came in, but I didnt hear anything they told me. I just closed my eyes, tuning out everything.
When I opened my eyes again, the light was out. I had fallen asleep. I stared for what seemed hours at a picture on the nightstand of Khloe and her family. The picture was old  Khloe was smaller, and her little sister stood next to her, smiling. Abby had been dead now for two years.
Death. So much death. The Wasteland was not out there. It was in here.
Chapter 9

It was night, and the lights were out. Khloe was sleeping on the floor next to the bed.
I reached down and nudged her.
What? she asked, her voice thick with sleep.
I cant let you sleep there.
Khloe wiped her eyes. Dont be stupid. You need to sleep.
So do you. Theres room for you here.
She stood up. Her face was tender as her eyes gazed into mine.
I was on the verge of tears as I recalled the events of the day. I put my hands to her beautiful face, letting them slide down her neck and rest on her shoulders. She lay down facing me as I pulled her closer. We stared into each others eyes.
I closed my eyes and wrapped my arms around her, drawing her close, enjoying her warmth, feeling her heartbeat.
I feel like youre all I have now, I said.
Khloe didnt say anything for a while. I was so sad when I lost my sister. We fought so much, and I lost her. I still feel guilty about it. I wish I didnt have to. I think thats part of being human, though. We wish we could control things, but we cant. Its always too late.
I opened my eyes. Khloe was looking at me.
Not always, I said.
I leaned forward to kiss her, her lips soft and warm. She kissed me back tenderly, healingly.
She was all I had, now. I didnt ever want to let go and feel the emptiness again.
We fell asleep in each others arms. For one moment, everything was almost okay.

***

I was on the edge of consciousness when the wailing of klaxons shocked me awake. Red light bathed the room. I shot up in bed, Khloes hand latching onto my arm like a vise.
The siren screamed, over and over, fading in and out.
Whats happening? Khloe asked.
I dont know. Where are your parents?
Theyre on night shift at the lab.
By lab, Khloe meant the hydroponics lab  the largest room in the Bunker. It was located in the subbasement, near the generators. It was where all the food was grown.
I pulled on my hoodie. The siren, coupled with the red light, made me feel like I was living in a surreal nightmare.
Lets go into the other room, I said. Maybe some announcement will be made on the PA.
We got up and went to the living room. We stood by the intercom. In the event of an alarm, it was what we were supposed to do. But no reassuring voice came. Maybe it would never come.
My fatherwhat if something had happened? What if he had gone haywire, like the man Chan had shot down?
Khloe looked at me, searching my eyes.
My father is dead, I said. He turned into what that guy turned into. Theres no other explanation.
How do you know? Maybe
What else could it be? My father, Chan, the others  if they got out of the med bay, somehow, thats probably the reason for this. And if its anything like the patient, were all in a lot of trouble.
Khloe grabbed my hand. Youre right. We have to go.
Go where?
Out.
Outside?
Then I heard screams. A gunshot. A snarl. A body falling, outside our door to the corridor. Coldness creeped over me.
Something was out there.
I could not deal with this. Not now.
I looked madly for something that could be used as a weapon. A lamp. A large book.
A skillet in the kitchen.
I ran to get it as the door slammed open. I stared up. It was an Officer, hairless, his eyes wild and completely white. For a moment, I froze in my tracks. Two lacerations split his face open, where someone had slashed him with a knife. He stumbled forward, toward Khloe.
Khloe screamed. But instead of cowering as I might have done, she ran toward him, pushing him back outside. The attacker growled, and went for her again.
Skillet in hand, I charged the Officer. Khloe screamed, pushing on the mans shoulders. His mouth snapped viciously toward her neck. She punched him in the face. I clobbered the Officers head with the skillet. He fell to the ground, and I smashed his head in, again and again. His eyelids fluttered, then stilled, revealing completely white orbs. Purplish blood oozed from his mouth.
Thats when I noticed his body quivering and bloating.
Run!
We ran past the man and into the corridor. I slammed the door shut. Just in time  I heard a sickening pop. The door vibrated against my hands when goo splattered it from the other side.
We paused for a moment to collect our breaths.
Whats going on? Khloe asked.
I looked down and saw the Officer had dropped a handgun by the door. I grabbed it, checked the magazine for bullets. There were four left.
Like you said. Were leaving.
What about my parents? We need to get to the hydroponics lab.
Were going there now, I said. Take this. You might need it.
I handed Khloe the skillet. Eyes wide, she took it.
She led the way. I followed her through the empty hall, my gun at the ready. The sirens wailed and pulsed the floor in eerie red.
We turned the corner and found a body, already ruptured. Purple goop dripped from the ceiling. A line of slime fell, missing my face by a hair.
Watch the ceiling, I said. Any of that stuff gets inside of you, youre done.
Khloe nodded shakily.
We entered the commons. The room was empty, but I heard voices and the sounds of a struggle coming from a hallway on the other side. Several dead bodies lay on the floor, mutilated. I recognized the corpse of one of my classmates, Vincent Corley. He had been athletic, smart, and popular.
Now his right arm was completely ripped off.
Vincent Khloe said.
Gunshots sounded in the distance, followed by bloodcurdling screams and inhuman wails. They were coming from the direction of the Caf.
We cant go that way, I said.
There are stairs nearby, Khloe said. Follow me.
We went down two flights, toward the lowest level in the Bunker. It became dark as we descended, so much so that I could barely see in front of me. The lights had gone out on this level, and sudden fear clenched my chest as I wondered: what could be lurking in this darkness? At the moment silence was my only answer.
After the first flight, I heard someone gasping for breath just a few feet away. I did not know if they were one of the infected, or just injured. In either case, the person quieted, and we didnt stay to find out anything more. We quietly descended the second flight without his or her knowing.
We were now in front of the door that led into the hydroponics lab. We entered, finding ourselves among aisles and aisles of plants bearing enough fruits and vegetables to sustain several hundred people year-round, its interior lit by dim emergency lighting. Unlike the rest of the Bunker, this room  if it could be so called, because it was so enormous  smelled fresh. All the aisles added together ran for miles.
I enjoyed coming here from time to time, but now the place was dark and frightening. I did not know what horrors could be hiding in the shadows, around the next corner.
Mom? Dad? Khloe called.
Khloes voice echoed and died.
We walked the aisles, one by one, checking each. But the entire room seemed empty.
We should have stayed home, Khloe said. They probably went back to get us
Maybe.
I cant leave without them, Khloe said.
A door slammed open. I spun on my heels, raising my gun. When I saw it was Khloes parents, I lowered my weapon.
Mom! Dad!
Khloe ran and threw herself on her mom. Mr. and Mrs. Kline, racked with sobs, embraced her.
Thank God youre here, Mrs. Kline said.
Mr. Kline said nothing  he merely held his daughter as if he never wanted to let her go.
Both had brown hair. Mr. Kline had a bookish look to him, and wore black-rimmed glasses. Despite this, he was tall and fit. Mrs. Kline was short, a little stout, but in shape. She had kind, gentle eyes.
It was good to see them, only the reunion was dragging on too long.
We need to leave, I said.
We just came from the Caf, Mr. Kline said. There are about a dozen making a stand. The rest
We have more of a chance outside the Bunker than in here, I said.
Thats what Im thinking, Mr. Kline said. Theres an exit that leads to the atrium this way. From there, we can leave by the front door. Follow me.
We followed Mr. Kline to a corner of the lab. There was a small, nondescript door, locked by keycard. Mr. Kline used his card. It beeped, and the lock clicked open.
Only your mother and I and some of the Officers have access to this area, Mr. Kline said. Its where we recycle the hydroponic fluid.
We passed rows of blue barrels, all filled with the nutrient-rich liquid needed to grow the plants without soil in the next room. The room itself was massive, filled with large, complex machinery. Mr. Kline was the operator of the recycling tanks, and probably the only person who fully knew the intricacies of the machines. Thick hoses left the room through the wall in order to feed the huge farms of the lab. This room, arguably, was the most important in the entire Bunker. Without it, everyone starved. No wonder it was kept so secure.
We walked through the room. On the opposite side we entered a thin, claustrophobic hallway that was little used. At the end a circular stairway led up. Mr. Kline went first, followed by Khloe and her mom. I went last.
Mr. Kline opened the door at the top. Once I stepped through it, I found we were in the Bunkers atrium. The exit was one minute away.
We made it, I said.
The circular vault door leading into the exit tunnel was wide open. Someone had already escaped.
Keep your gun ready, Mr. Kline said.
I held my gun up as we advanced.
We entered, finding the rocky exit tunnel dimly lit. The temperature was near freezing. Between us and the final vault door were two forms: one on the ground, bloody and dead, and the other kneeling beside it.
Before anyone could speak, the mans face snapped around toward us.
It was Chan, his all-white eyes empty and soulless. Wet, red blood stained his uniform. His head cocked to the right side. All his muscles tensed.
He charged forward, letting out an otherworldly bellow.
Get back! Mr. Kline yelled.
I aimed my gun and fired three times. The bullets entered Chans body  his chest, his abdomen, his right arm. From each wound, purple goo shot out, as if it had replaced the blood in his body.
None of the shots had any effect. Chan merely stumbled on, set on one goal  killing us at any cost.
I had one shot left. I aimed for the head, watching it bob up and down as Mr. Kline pulled away from Chan.
I fired.
I missed  probably by inches.
Khloe screamed as Chan tackled her father to the ground. I dropped my gun and ran to pull Chan off of him.
But it was too late. Mr. Kline screamed as Chan ripped into his neck, tearing from it a gobbet of bloody flesh. Mr. Klines horrible howl became choked with blood. A small fountain of red shot upward.
Khloe ran up from behind, letting out a desperate scream. She smashed Chans head in with the skillet, bludgeoning him until his animalistic eyes rolled back. He keeled over and collapsed on the ground.
Almost instantly, Chans body started to inflate.
Run! Khloe screamed.
I pulled Khloe back, away from the swelling body. Khloes mom and dad were beyond all hope of escaping the burst. Khloe and I ducked behind a corner just as Chan exploded. A wall of purple slime gushed past us.
We reemerged to find both of Khloes parents coated with the stuff.
No, Khloe said. No
She ran forward.
No! her mother yelled. Do not touch me! You have to go. Tears ran down Mrs. Klines face, cutting a clear path through the slime.
Mr. Kline lay on the ground, twitching, choking. It looked like he was trying to speak, but to no avail.
Khloes face was white as she stared at her dying father.
I she said.
You cant stay here, Mrs. Kline said. Go!
Khloe recoiled as if struck.
Go, Khloe, Mrs. Kline said, desperately. Run now. You will not die here.
Khloe, I said. We have to go.
Behind us, I could hear gunshots, people screaming, and non-human growling. I looked toward the vault door.
Come on, Khloe!
More snarls, and the pattering of footsteps from the atrium.
I love you, Khloe. Now pleaserun.
Goodbye, Khloe said. I love you
I pulled Khloe toward the exit, just as she had pulled me along when my father was dying. Though I had no strength, I had to be strong.
I had to do what I must, not what I wanted.
We ran down the corridor, and did not look back. People who had been alive and well only hours earlier now flooded the tunnel. I had no idea how, but the xenovirus was turning humans into crazed monsters after death. They charged forward, their hellish white eyes paralyzing me with fear.
Together, Khloe and I turned the wheel on the door. We pushed it open into the cold, pitch-black night and howling, shocking wind. We stepped forward as if into another dimension. Together, we slammed the door shut, shutting in Bunker 108 and its infected denizens forever.
The dusty wind blustered, chilling me to the bone. I latched onto Khloe in the darkness. A single tear coursed down her cheek.
We shivered at the wind and the cruelty of the world.
It felt like the apocalypse happening all over again.
Chapter 10

We stumbled over rocks into the cold, windy darkness. The wind cut like a knife. Our clothes were not sufficient protection against it. We had no light. We could only hope, by some miracle, that we would come across some form of shelter for the night.
After a few minutes, I looked back, and saw nothing but black night, felt nothing but the wind and sand stinging my face, heard nothing but the maelstrom and Khloe, crying beside me.
Just a little farther, I said.
Even though she was with me, I still felt alone, because the wind ate my words as black holes eat light.
After fifteen minutes of cold misery, I ran right into something hard and metallic, bonking my head. I felt along the surface of the object with numb hands. Upon realizing what I had run into, I wanted to cry for joy. We would be surviving tonight.
The trailer, I said. We have to find the door.
For minutes we searched, until I found the latch that led inside. I pushed Khloe in, and slammed the door against the merciless cold.
I found the light, and flipped it on. The interior was mostly bare. A small kitchen area lay in front of us, and beyond that, a worn couch and a sliding wooden door which led to the bathroom. The light barely reached the far end, but there I could make out the corner of a bed. The interior was almost as cold as the outside, but at least there was no wind.
Khloe went to the couch and crashed down, and began sobbing all over again.
There was a red fleece blanket on the couch. I took it and wrapped it around her.
I sat next to her for a minute, shivering. Without a word, she took the blanket and wrapped it around both of us.
We let ourselves thaw for a minute. I got up and went to the fridge. Inside was a container filled with ice. I tried to turn on the stove to heat up the trailer. It didnt work.
I locked the front door, and made sure the shutters were drawn tight. I went back to the fridge to get the container of ice. I had to find a way to heat it, but saw nothing I could do  nothing until morning came. Mornings warmer temperatures could get us something to drink by noon.
A quick glance in the cabinet revealed a few homemade granola bars, stocked from the Bunker. My stomach growled. I grabbed four of them and headed back to the couch.
Khloe was lying down now, a hand over her face. I sat next to her.
Here, I said, I found some granola.
She was still shaking.
I feel sick, she said.
Youre just cold, I said. Close your eyes.
That just makes it worse.
Then look at me.
Her eyes fluttered open, slowly. They were red, and her face was so pale and blue. Even her lips were blue. Her body temperature was way too low.
Here, I said. Eat some of this.
I feel sick, she said again.
I could tell that she was fading, and that terrified me.
Lie down, I whispered. Youll be alright.
I lay down with my front against her back. Every part of her was cold. I started eating, even though she couldnt. I needed all the warmth I could get. I rubbed her back, her arms, her fingers, trying to create some blood flow.
I got up to get the container of ice. I returned to the couch and put it under the blanket with us so that it might melt. I kissed her face, her ears. They felt like ice on my lips. Finally, she stopped shivering, and I heard her even breaths. She was asleep.
I stayed like that, trying not to let myself fall asleep in case anything else happened.

***

I had fallen asleep sometime in the night, despite my commitment to staying up; I was just so exhausted. Khloe was still asleep, her breathing slow. Too slow. Her heart beat so faintly.
Khloe?
I shook her gently. Her skin was clammy, burning up. I touched her forehead. She was on fire.
No she rasped. No
I got up and knelt on the floor, looking into her face. Her eyes flickered open. They were just as red as before, and so dim that I was not sure she knew I was there.
Khloe?
Her eyes had shut, and she opened them again. I pulled aside the shutters, so that at least some of the reddish morning light could filter inside. Her skin was pale, dry, and hot. She fought for every breath.
Khloe!
Her eyes shot open. What? Where am I? What is this?
I reached for the water. Over half of it had melted during the night. Though my throat was parched and screamed to be satisfied, I held the water to Khloes lips.
Drink this, okay?
Her lips moved weakly along the rim of the container. I tilted it, ever so slightly. The liquid entered her mouth. She tried to swallow, but coughed it up.
Its okay, I said.
I grabbed her shoulders, softly pulling her upright. I realized just how frail she was, how the night and the cold had taken its toll on her body.
Drink some water. Just one swallow. Thats it.
She gave a weak nod. I held the container to her lips once more. This time, she drank several gulps.
There you go, I said.
Her eyes opened. Is there any for you?
I already had mine, I said. Here. Eat something.
I took some granola, breaking it up into small pieces. She grabbed one of the pieces from me with her right hand. I noticed a mark on her wrist.
Teeth marks.
My heart stopped. She looked at me, her eyes watering. The granola was forgotten, and there was only us, staring into each others eyes, understanding everything without saying a word.
Im sorry, she said.
I cupped her face; it burned against my hands like a sun. It was all she could do to keep her eyes open and focused on me. It felt as if my heart were ripping apart.
It happened in the apartment
My eyes filled with tears. I couldnt believe this was happening.
I love you, Alex. Imsorry. I was hoping I would be okay. It was such a small thing.
You did nothing wrong, I said, pulling her close. I love you, Khloe.
Idont want you to think its your fault
Its not, I said, the tears streaming down my face. Its not.
The world was taking everything from me that mattered. Khloe was all I had left.
I just wondered when my turn would come.
I wont leave you, I said. I wont.
Youll have to, she said. Maybemaybe youll find another home. Another Bunker.
You are my home.
I stroked her hair, gave her more water as it melted. The trailer warmed as the day progressed. I tried to feed Khloe, but she refused. From time to time, she would cough, and I would wipe whatever phlegm accumulated around her mouth. I would stroke her hair, once so lush and soft, now so dry and wispy. Her once beautiful skin was now sickly, lifeless, pale, translucent, revealing blackened veins. Her face grew gaunter as the day progressed.
Soon she began to stink. But I did not leave her side.
I love you, I said.
I told her the same thing again and again throughout the day. Her eyes were closed, and I feared they would never open again.
I she said.
Her chest fell, her head slumped, and she leaned against the couch. Every muscle went slack, and some spirit fled her face, leaving behind only a body. Her eyes relaxed, and remained half-opened. I stared at her, seeing only a body that looked like Khloe but that was not her.
I could not even cry. I stayed, holding her cold hand as it grew ever colder with each passing minute. I wanted to be sure she was not really dead.
Her body, by some small, cruel mercy, did not attack me and did not swell like the others. I dont know why, and never really questioned it. Maybe since it was a small bite, it would have taken more time.
I went outside in a daze. I found a shed behind the trailer. Inside was a shovel.
I knew what came next. I lost myself in digging a grave not worthy of Khloe. Putting a body in the ground was foreign to me. Everyone in Bunker 108 was cremated.
As I emptied the hole, I emptied myself. Though it was cold, I was covered in sweat by the time I finished.
I laid her body in, and let my tears fall into the grave. I was completely bereft of all hope and life. Khloe had been all that for me.
It was an hour before I could bring myself to cover her. I could think only of all the memories Khloe and I had shared.
And now, all hope was gone. She was gone, to be buried in the cold, hard earth, never to move, laugh, or breathe again.
When the last of the grave had been covered, I felt so guilty. I knew objectively that it wasnt my fault. But that didnt help. Everyone around me had died. While I longed for death myself, it wouldnt visit me.
I thought of everyone who was gone now  my dad, Khloe, even Michael and Chan. Had all of them died because I refused to speak up about that woman? If we had spoken to her, we might have been more hesitant about bringing that man inside the Bunker.
There was no real way to know. I wanted someone to blame, even if it was myself.
I would have brought myself to take my own life, but I didnt for one reason  Khloe would not have wanted it, and neither would my father.
I knew them well enough to know that.

***

By the next day, I couldnt stay in the trailer any longer. I had to find somewhere else. Food and water were running low. It was late September, which meant it would be getting cold soon  too cold to stay anywhere above ground.
I found a backpack in the trailer. I put in the container of water, as well as the rest of the granola  twenty-four bars total. I could eat three a day, which gave me rations for eight days. Eight days to find a new home, or more food, and my caloric intake would be pitiful the entire time. I also packed a couple of blankets. I could not count on finding shelter, and needed enough to shield me from the nighttime cold.
Finally, on the morning of the third day after arriving at the trailer, I set off, kissing the loose earth atop Khloes grave. I marked it with rocks arranged in the shape of a heart.
On a whim, I headed toward the sun rising in the east.
Chapter 11

I knew of several settlements not far from Bunker 108  Oasis, Last Town, and even L.A. But I knew L.A. was consumed with gang violence, so it wasn't an option.
My goal became to find one of the smaller settlements and try to get taken in. The only problem was, I had no idea where any of them were.
The morning warmed quickly, but it must have never gotten above fifty degrees. The wind was calm, which I was thankful for. It would be October soon, so I needed to find warmer clothes.
I didn't have much to my name: my pack, filled with granola and water; my blanket, rolled up and tied with some nylon rope: and the clothes on my back. I didn't even have a weapon. I had forgotten the handgun back in the tunnel  it had been out of ammo, anyway, but it still could have come in handy.
I left behind the line of red mountains where Bunker 108 was hidden. I crested a hill and turned around to see the metal trailer, shimmering in the red midmorning haze. A small spot of turned red earth marked the spot where Khloe would forever lay. I looked out, north and east, surveying several ramshackle buildings spread over the vast tract of desert and dunes, long conquered by the victorious elements. A crumbled highway, half buried in sand, cut through the twisted landscape, maybe two klicks out. The red sky spread upward like something out of a nightmare. The day was relatively clear, yet still the meteor fallout reduced the sun to a slightly brighter shimmer on a small part of the sky.
Nothing moved or breathed, save myself.
I walked on. I did not speak a word. In fact, I felt as if I would never have reason to speak again.
I dont remember that first week much. All the days blended together and I cared for nothing, not even myself. I could only mourn my past life and everything Id lost, and wonder if there was any point in going on.
At nights, I would hole up in any building that offered the least bit of protection. I would eat my stale granola, drink my water, and curl up in a corner with my blanket and shiver myself to sleep. I cried the first two nights. I had nightmares of Khloe rising from the grave.
Hunger and thirst became my constant companions. When I came across pools of water I drank from them and refilled my container. It was not cold enough to freeze except in the dead of night. I had expected to find food in the buildings. But every cabinet was bare. The Wastelanders had had thirty years to take everything.
I came across ruins often. But I had yet to come across any city, lived-in or not.
On the third day, I arrived at a deep gully spanned by a collapsed bridge. I almost fell to my death while picking my path across the bridges ruins.
The Mojave Desert, even in the Old World, had been a dry, harsh place  scant of vegetation and hostile to life. Now, it was even more so. I did not see a single living thing other than the odd bush or barest wisps of grass. Red dunes slanted against the skeleton remains of civilization.
The mountains to the south were almost out of sight now. They had once been my home.
There were mountains everywhere in the distance - to the south, to the east, to the west. Some areas I walked were flat and bare - others were hilly and mangled. I had no idea where I was going, so I followed the path of least resistance, which often meant following the old roads. In places, the asphalt and concrete still showed.
It was startling how much could be buried and lost in thirty years.
Often, when I camped for the night in a building, I saw a black spot on the floor from previous campfires. I tried to find another place in those cases.
It was a week after I had set out when I came across my first Wastelanders. I was camping in a small hole on the side of a bare, rocky hill, when I heard the laughter. At first, I thought it was my imagination and loneliness. Curiosity made me follow the sound.
As the voices grew louder, I noticed the smell of smoke borne by the wind. Mingled within was a savory aroma that made my stomach growl.
I climbed up the top of a rise, and lay low. Below, in a small depression, six people surrounded a low fire. A giant pot simmered over the flames. My heart raced.
There were five men and one woman, all dressed in dingy military apparel. They were too far to see clearly. All had weapons, most of them rifles, but the woman was armed with a pistol.
Any thought of approaching them was dashed from my mind. Their faces were so hardened they looked more like monsters than humans.
I guessed that these were Raiders, the worst kind of Wastelanders, who robbed, stole, and murdered for a living. If I went up to them, they would kill me, or at best take me prisoner.
I would have snuck away, but for one reason: I was low on food, and I needed something to eat. If I waited for them to fall asleep, I could sneak into their camp and take some supplies.
It was desperate, but I saw no other choice. I hadnt found any supplies in my few days out in the Wasteland. It was death either way.
For now, they were eating. Each ladled stew into a bowl. While they ate, they joked and laughed. But somewhere, the conversation took a turn for the worse. The Raiders started arguing. One man threw his bowl on the ground in anger. Seeing that stew spill was torture.
The argument seemed to be about the woman. She had stopped looking bored and started looking attentive.
A brawl started between two of the men. One of them raised a gun.
Another gun went off, shattering the silent night. A man with a blond crew cut had shot dead the man who had drawn the gun.
The man who was shot fell to his knees, then to the ground. Blood pooled in the light of the fire. The man twitched as everyone watched. He stilled.
The three remaining men started stripping the dead man's body of clothing, jewelry, and useful things he had been carrying. The blond man took the dead mans rifle. No one argued. He was probably in charge.
The dead man, with only his clothes left, was hauled into the night by the men. The woman sat by the fire, watching. The men tossed their fallen comrade into the darkness like unwanted garbage.
After that, everyone was quiet. The blond man walked to the woman, and whispered something. She turned her face away. He left her to go back to his spot.
Everyone curled up for sleep.
I waited for at least an hour. When they all seemed deeply asleep, I decided that now was my chance. I crept forward, toward the fire.
As I neared, I knew I would now be clearly visible to them. Just one look, and I was dead.
But if I did not eat, I was equally dead. I needed food and I needed a weapon.
I did not dare take any food from the pot, however much I wanted to. That risked too much noise.
All were sleeping, their backs to the flame. So far, so good.
I decided to find something immediately and take it away. Any of them could wake up at any moment.
My eyes fell upon a hefty backpack sitting next to the man with the blond crew cut. I nearly jumped out of my skin when he rolled over to face me. Thankfully, his eyes stayed shut. His face had a long, deep scar, running diagonally from the top of his right eye to the left corner of his mouth, full across his pockmarked nose.
After a moment, I reached for the pack. I lifted it slowly, so it would not disturb the stones beneath it. But two of the stones clacked ever so slightly against each other. I winced. The sound must have been a lot louder in my head than in reality. Nothing happened.
The pack was very heavy. My heart raced. There would be lots of supplies in it.
I backed away from the flame, toward the cold night once more. I was going to make it, at least for the next few days.
I was now far enough from the fire to walk normally. I scurried up the slope. I needed to make it to my cave and grab the rest of my stuff. After that, I would set out. I needed as much distance between myself and the Raiders as possible.
Thats when cold hands wrapped around my neck.
I couldn't even scream. My head swam as darkness took hold. I fell to the hard earth.
Chapter 12

When I awoke, my head throbbed. Footsteps crunched on the ground near my head.
Wake up, a female voice said.
I rolled on my back, facing upward. My vision was hazy, and the cave was dark, so I could not make out what she looked like. It appeared that she was alone, however.
Who are you? I asked. Was it you who attacked me?
Im the one asking the questions, thief.
Thief?
You stole a Raiders backpack.
He probably stole it first.
The girl didnt say anything for a moment. I pulled myself up into a sitting position. She merely stood there in the darkness, watching me. Beyond the cave mouth spread grayish red sky. It was morning.
Youre not going to kill me, are you? I asked.
No, she said. Lucky for you, Im ready to split from them. If it had been anyone else who caught you, youd be dead.
The girl knelt down. As my vision cleared, and her face got closer, I recognized her instantly. She was the one who had been watching from behind the rock. Instantly, anger burned within me.
You I said, through gritted teeth.
She was the reason the whole Bunker fell. She had been the one who left that diseased body right where Michael and I had found it.
Her eyes went wide with recognition. Youreyoure that Bunker kid. What the hell are you doing out here?
I stood, clenching my fists. Everyone I know is dead because of you!
She stared. What are you talking about, kid?
She wasnt that much older than me  maybe nineteen or twenty. She had long, black hair, and hazel eyes. Her skin was a creamy mocha color, and she was very much in shape. She was very pretty as well, and her looks took me aback for a moment. Despite her beauty, there was a hardness to her features that this world had given her, making her appear older than she would have had she grown up in a Bunker. It was hard to place her ethnicity, but she seemed Asian.
You stabbed that man, and we brought him back, I said. He infected everyone in the Bunker, and now everyone I know is dead. I should have shot you the minute I saw you.
She just stared at me, my words clearly having no effect. Why hadnt I killed her? Why didnt I tell Michael on the recon? None of this would have happened. My dad, Khloe, everyone elsethey would all still be alive. Then I realized that this wasnt her fault. It was mine. That realization was almost enough for me to break down, right there.
Hey, kid. Calm down. I dont want to hurt you.
Hurt me? I dont care what you do to me. I couldnt care less. I have nothing now because of you.
First of all, shut the hell up and give me a chance to explain myself. Alright?
Sizing her up, I knew she could probably take me in a fight. Lets face it; she was a lot more in shape than me, and she had a pistol holstered at her side.
I sat down on a large rock and crossed my arms. I knew I was being childish, but it was hard to keep myself under control.
Alright, the girl said. We found the guy lying on the side of the road. He looked dead. We were going to pass him up, but he groaned as we walked past him. We stopped. The guys wanted to kill him, more for sport than anything else. There was nothing I could do to stop them. I just wanted to keep moving. But Brux stabbed him, three times in the back. We hauled his body off the road.
Brux? I asked.
Blond crew cut, she said, a scowl on her face. Scar on his nose. Nasty excuse for a human being. She sighed. Then, you guys came, so I hid. I thought you might have seen me. But I guess you didnt, because you didnt say anything. I was ready to split if anything happened.
I should have said something to Michael, back when I had the chance. Bunker 108 would still be here, and Id still have my life. I didnt tell that to the girl, though.
I had no idea you would take him in, she went on. So did everyone really die? He looked a little sick, but none of the Raiders I was with dropped.
Yes. Everyone died, except me. Im the only one who made it out. At least, the only one I know of. I lost my dad and my friend, among other people.
She looked at me. Im sorry. I really am. But it was a mistake on our part. You have to believe that.
It doesnt matter. Whats done is done. I dont know what to do now. Im trying to find a city. I wont survive long out here. I was just trying to find some food, which is why I snuck into your camp.
The girl looked me up and down, seeming to see me in a new light. I looked past her, toward the mouth of the cave, wondering when, or if, she would let me go.
Youre going to die, you know, she said. Theyll come after you. Theyll make you wish you were dead.
I wish I were dead now.
Dont say that. You keep saying that, and you really will be dead. Trust me, you dont want that.
What do you know? Maybe I do. My dad is dead, because of you. My friend is dead, because of you. Theres nothing you can do to make up for that.
The girl looked at me, and scowled.
You dont want my help? Fine. But if you decide you want to survive out here, I can teach you everything you need to know. How to make a fire. Where to find food and water. All the good places to camp. Who to trust, who to avoid, what cities will let you in. It will take you years to figure that out on your own. I can teach you in hours.
Thanks, but Ill be fine on my own.
I doubt that. How long have you been out here?
One week.
Have you found any food or supplies in that time?
I looked at the backpack. Kind of.
Theres only a few kinds of people who would sneak into a Raider camp and steal their gear: the insane, the stupid, and the desperate. I think you might be the third, but the first two are sounding pretty accurate, too.
She handed me the backpack I had stolen. I held it awkwardly in my hands. I had no idea why she was offering to help me, or why she wasnt just taking the backpack to her Raider buddies and leaving me for dead. It didnt make any sense.
Now, she said, you can either come with me and keep all that stuff, or you can go out on your own without it. Your choice.
I looked up at her. She was serious.
Let me at least see what Id be losing out on.
The girl didnt say anything as I set the pack on the ground and began rifling through its contents.
A pot. Some cans of food. Some bullets.
There was a heavy shirt. Might make a good extra layer for the cold nights.
I lifted up the shirt. Below it at the bottom of the pack were dozens upon dozens of small, silver batteries.
What the hell?
All our pay was in Bruxs pack. Im willing to split it with you, if we work together.
Batteries? Seriously?
Theyre currency.
But theyre worthless
To you, maybe. With these things, you can walk into just about any settlement and get food, weapons, whatever you want. Theres well over three hundred batts in there.
Thatsinsane.
Look, kid. Batts are valuable. Theyre from the Old World, and theyre useful. They give heat, cook food, and power machines that would otherwise be useless. Theyre a commodity, and someday, all of them will be gone. These are even the good kindthe kind that can last for decades. And if you can get your hands on some rechargeables or solars, youd never have to raid again.
Fine, I believe you. So why would you want to split them with me? Thats the part I dont understand.
The girl didnt answer for a moment. She looked into my eyes.
Because, believe it or not, I actually feel bad for what happened. Most Raiders arent bad people. We were just in a bad situation, and we do what we must to survive. If Ive already killed everyone who matters to you, maybe this is some weird way to make it up.
I didnt want to talk to her, and I wanted her to stop talking to me. Yet she did have a point. I knew nothing about surviving out here. Going with her would give me something to do, even if I hated her guts. Hate was better than emptiness. It would give me a reason to go on.
Fine, I said. Ill go with you.
She nodded, and seemed a bit surprised at that answer.
I figured we might make for Oasis. Its a walled settlement, so if I can get you in there, youd be safe. Its run by a man named Ohlan, who Ive met. You might be able to buy your citizenship there with your share of the batts.
Do we have enough food to make it?
Just what we have in the pack. She hoisted her own pack on her shoulders. You have a name?
If I was stuck with her for the next few days, I supposed names might be useful.
Alex Keener.
Makara Angel Neth. She nodded toward the mouth of the cave. Come on. If were fast enough, theres a place I know where we can shelter before sundown. Keep an eye out. I cant look everywhere at once, and Raiders can be thick in this area. Its cold today, so most of the rats will be hiding in their holes. Thats good for us. If we hurry, we might make Oasis tomorrow.
Makara headed for the mouth of the cave. I followed her outside.
Chapter 13

By the time we got going, I realized I was hurting more than Id thought. Everything ached, especially my stomach, which hadnt had food in a while. There was not much water, either. Makara gave me some of her share. I accepted, even if I didnt want to. As we walked, I munched on some of my granola, fighting back the urge to down all of it.
Makara was always busy scanning the horizon, ducking at random moments. I had no idea what she was so afraid of. We were clearly the only ones out here on this cold, dismal day.
The clouds were spooky-looking  always the color of blood, casting the whole bare earth in crimson light.
What kind of name is Makara, anyway? I asked.
Its Khmer. Its the first month of the Cambodian year. Id like to think it means a new beginning.
Despite myself, I became interested. Are you Khmer?
On my fathers side, yes. My mother was American, and so am I, for that matter.
How are you American? Youre a Wastelander.
I was born here, kid. That makes me American.

***

We stopped around noon to eat. She handed me some sort of sticky, bread-like substance wrapped in tin foil. It wasnt bad.
Whats in this, anyway? I asked.
Rice, mostly.
It tastes good.
Makara gave a sideways smile. Hunger is the best seasoning. Id rather have a hearty stew on a day like this.
We were up again soon, and walking. We were in the wilderness, nowhere near a city. Makara had taken us far off-road, thinking that if we were being followed, it would be harder for her former raiding group to track us. Flat plains spread before us, containing nothing but rock and sand cast red by the baleful sky. The bareness of the land had a nightmarish beauty to it.
The dry cold seeped through clothes and skin, penetrating bone. As I suppressed my shivers, Makara walked on with gritted teeth, bare-armed, oblivious to the elements. She wore desert camo pants and a plain black tee shirt. Her jacket was tied around her waist.
So are we anywhere close to L.A.? I asked.
L.A. is about eighty miles west. Fights and gang wars all the time. Not much can survive thirty years. Eventually, L.A. will be completely dead too. Not like it was ten years ago, when Raine was alive.
Who was Raine?
She didnt answer, but kept walking. I shrugged, and didnt ask again.
No more words were exchanged. I could tell Makara wanted to be alone with her thoughts. Fine by me  so did I.

***

We walked the rest of the day without incident. When the red sky darkened, Makara led us into an old house, decrepit and peeling. Other than that, it seemed it had weathered the horrors of Ragnarok pretty well. Its structure was intact, and it didn't look as if it would be collapsing anytime soon.
We went inside. We ate the last of my granola bars. Judging by the expression on Makaras face, she disliked this even more than the rice bread.
After eating, she got up.
I need to check something out, she said. Stay here.
I shrugged, not planning on going anywhere anyway. I got out my blanket and hunkered down in a corner. Two weeks ago I had been in my warm bed full of hopes and dreams. All of that was gone now.
The numbness just grew until I let go. I tried to hold back tears, but they came out all the same. I kept thinking of Khloe. When one has no hope, one cant even cry. But now, I guessed, I had hope.
Hope in what?
Makara came back in. I hastily dried my tears.
We're not being followedat least from what I can tell She stopped short. Whats wrong?
I didn't answer her. I couldn't find the words.
I know things are tough, she said, in her tough voice. But you need to buck up.
How she could even say that, I didnt know. She had no idea. No idea at all.
I turned toward her. Her silhouette filled the doorway.
You know, Makara said, you probably wont believe me, but were a lot alike. Thats part of the reason why I wanted you to come with me. I dont fit in with the Raider types and I dont fit in with the settler types. If I can get away from the raiding life, Im willing to risk it.
Youre alone, then.
Does that surprise you?
No. But it makes me wonder what you see in me.
She came in and sat on the floor, her back against the wall and took a drink of water from her canteen.
I was about to think she truly was crazy, when she surprised me.
Like you, she said, I was born in a Bunker.

***

I just stared at Makara. I didnt know what to say.
Waitreally? Which one?
Mine was a bit different. I was in the main government Bunker. The one with President Garland in it. Bunker One.
Nothing in her voice told me that she was lying. There was nothing I could do to hide my shock.
Waitthe Bunker One? The Bunker one thousand miles away in Cheyenne Mountain, Colorado? What happened to it? How did you end up here?
That's a long story.
Well, we have time.
I suppose so, Makara said, though I dont really like to talk about it. Where Im from, its much colder, and darker. They call this sunny California for a reason, huh?
Doesnt seem too sunny to me.
Makara smiled. Youre hard to please.
What happened to Bunker One? How did it fall?
Bunker One was huge. It held ten thousand people.
Ten thousand? How did you feed them all? Where did they all fit?
The Bunker came from the Cold War era. During the Dark Decade, they expanded it. But none of that matters now, because everyone who lived there is dead. Everyone except me, as far as I know.
There was nothing I could say to that. Nothing at all, other than:
Thats what happened to us. People started getting sick, and dying andturning on each other.
Makara nodded. Clearly, none of this surprised her.
Did Bunker One fall in the same way? I asked.
It fell in a similar way. It was an attack of demons.
Demons?
They are what they sound like. Theyre monsters, from Ragnarok. Theyre still very rare around here. You can find them in areas called Blights. You'll know the Blights as soon as you see them, because this weird, purple fungus grows thick on the ground and stinks up the land. All the trees are coated with pink slime. All animals avoid it  except the demon animals, and you will know them because they stink like rotting corpses and have white eyes.
When she said white eyes, I couldnt help but think about Chan, and everyone the xenovirus infected in Bunker 108. It was an image I had been trying to push out of my mind all week. But it sounded like it had happened at Bunker One, too. Only  that would have been twelve years ago. If that was the case, then the human strain of the xenovirus was much older than my father had thought. But Makara had said it was just animals. Monsters.
Before I could ask, Makara continued.
The monsters attack any living thing on sight, Makara said. Thats how uninfected animals turn  they are bitten and become part of the Blight.
So youre telling me these monsters attacked Bunker One?
Yes. They're a lot thicker in Colorado, I guess because it's closer to Ragnarok Crater. But now, its spreading, even as far as here. Its starting to affect everything. I saw my first Blight in this area about a year ago, farther north. Theres more of them now. There have been mysterious deaths, even by Wasteland standards.
Its nothing demonic, I said. Its the xenovirus. I had no idea it was this dangerous. Not until last week, anyway.
When you live underground, youre blind to what's going on upside. These Blights have been old news here for at least a year.
What happens to the animals it affects?
They become stronger, faster, and deadlier. A huge wave hit us that night. Where they all came from, I dont know. There were thousands. But they were animals of all kinds  birds, wolves, even bears  all rotting and twisted, attacking as if of one mind to destroy us. And there were some that have no name, which look like nothing this world has ever seen.
Were there people turned into them, too?
No. I have never seen people turn into these monsters. Is that what happened at your Bunker?
I nodded. Yeah. Theres apparently a new strain that targets humans, too.
Then this is only getting worse, Makara said.
The bodies exploded, sending purple slime everywhere, I said. That seems to be how it spreads. I thought of Khloe, with a shudder. Bites also seem to do it.
Anything thats infected gives off the slime. It can be pink, or purple. Pink for plants, and purple for animals. The explosions, thoughId never heard of that until now. Thats very disturbing.
How did you escape your Bunker? I asked.
When the last helicopter took off, I wasnt even supposed to be on it. My father ran with me in his arms across the helipad while the monsters behind us gave chase. He threw me into the helicopter just as it was lifting up. Someone on board grabbed me. I still remember my fathers face as he fell away, as more of those things overwhelmed the tarmac. He was buried in a wave of them, his arms outstretched, screaming my name. I cried and cried, but we were already flying away.
The journey to California was incredibly cold. We were supposed to join Bunker 114, but they didnt have room for us. So we were to touch down in L.A. The plan was for the Bunker survivors to find some uninhabited corner of the city and start fresh. But as we got closer, the helicopter blades justslowed down. I dont know if we ran out of fuel or something else, but the next moment, we were spiraling toward the ground.
We crashed. By some miracle, I survived. I was thrown out of the helicopter and landed in some grass nearby. I was knocked out, and woke the next day to find the helicopter turned on its side like some dead thing. Everyone else had died in the crash  all except me.
Lucky.
I know. I dont know how I survived that, but I did. My luck didnt end there, though. My older brother had escaped in an earlier helicopter that had flown to L.A. as well. I thought he had died.
Youre kidding.
No. But it doesnt matter now, because he actually is dead now. She gave a long sigh. Thats another story.
So, what happened after the crash?
I escaped, with nothing more than a broken collarbone and a few bruises. I ended up staying at the crash site for a day before heading into the ruins of the city. On my way there, a patrol found me, but not from another Bunker like I thought at first. It was the Lost Angels.
Lost Angels?
A gang. A man named Raine was their leader. He took me under his wing, and in time I forgot about my past. Soon, I was reunited with my brother, Samuel. He left the community the Bunker One survivors founded and came to join us. A good thing he did, too. The Bunker survivors were taken and enslaved by the Black Reapers, a rival L.A. gang. Makara sighed. That was twelve years ago. Another life.
Godyou must have been, what, seven or eight?
Seven. Thats as much as I remember, anyway. I guess I was tough, even back then.
Which makes you nineteen now?
Makara nodded. Nineteen. Nearly twenty. The point of the story isyeah, you will cry sometimes. Life sucks, theres no way around that. But you never know when the good might come. Maybe it won't, but you shouldnt count it out. And besides, thats what makes us human, right? Even if it seems impossible, even when there is no point, we fight to the death with smiles on our faces.
I was quiet for a while. Hearing her story made me feel better, crazily enough  something I would have thought impossible just minutes ago.
Thanks, Makara. Believe it or not, this actually helps.
Get to bed, kid. Story times over.
She lay down and wrapped herself up. I heard her snoring almost instantly.
I didn't know how she could fall asleep so quickly. Despite my exhaustion, I lay there for a while, thinking. I thought about how narrowly I had escaped Bunker 108. I didnt know if I had it in me to survive another encounter with something infected with the xenovirus, human or not.
But at least I had Makara. Makara, who would teach me how to survive out here.
However, the more I saw of the Wasteland, the more I saw how the odds were stacked against me.
I just hoped I could find that fight within me.
Chapter 14

Makara and I woke with the sun. After eating, we set off. It was our goal to reach Oasis by nightfall.
Any tenderness Makara had shown last night was completely gone. She did not smile, and her face assumed a hard, stony expression.
This makes me nervous, Makara said.
What?
Its so empty. No signs of life.
Isnt that normal?
She shrugged. I prefer to see my enemy.
Do you think theyre following us?
I know theyre following us. Every batt those Raiders had is in that pack youre carrying right now. Brux is not going to let that go without a fight. Count on it.
I smiled. I still cant get over the fact that you guys use batteries as money.
Theyve been the currency of Raider Bluff for the last ten years. When you have a lot of goods going through a place, you need something to use as money, or things bog down.
Raider Bluff?
Its the biggest city in the Mojave, on the Colorado River. Five thousand people, mostly slaves.
Slaves?
It isnt pretty, but someone has to man the farms, or everyone starves.
Stillwho runs this place, anyway?
The Alpha. I havent been to Bluff in a while, but last I went, the Alpha was a man named Char. I used to raid with him. Hes a good man, for all that good is worth around here.
Why wouldnt he be Alpha anymore?
Because if youre Alpha for over a year, youre doing pretty damn well.
Why would anyone want to be Alpha?
Makara shrugged. Everyone thinks theyre special, that they wont die from an assassination attempt.
It was hard to imagine how thousands of violent Wastelanders could cooperate long enough to build a city. But I guess even Raiders needed a safe place to lay their heads for a while.
I supposed there were a lot of things topside Id have to get used to. Like the fact Raiders were tracking me because I was carrying a lot of batteries in my backpack. If only Makara knew how many rechargeable batteries there were in Bunker 108, she just might turn around and try to raid it.
We better hurry, I said.
We can only go as fast as our weakest link.
What? Is this slow to you?
We should be running, given the circumstances.
I can try harder, if thats what you
Makara held a hand up, and ducked. I fell to the ground with her.
What is it? I asked.
It was quiet for a moment. A gust of wind blew over the rocky ground.
Nothing, Makara said. Just a feeling.
You fall to the ground because of a feeling?
Makara stared pointedly at me. You dont trust your gut out here, youre dead. Its a mistake most people only make once.
We waited a couple minutes. At least it was a chance to catch a breather.
I looked behind and saw nothing but the flat, red expanse we had already traversed. Some low hills rose on the southern horizon, along with several mesas against the backdrop of the sky, pink in the morning light.
It truly did seem as if we were the only ones alive.
Were not going to wait here all day, are we? I asked.
Makara heaved an exasperated sigh. It looked like she wanted to hit me.
Come on.
We got up again, and headed in the direction we had been going.
We have to be careful, Makara said. There are only two of us, which makes us prime targets. Raiders go after the guaranteed kills. If I were raiding, my eyes would pop as soon as I saw us two walking across this plain.
We ascended a hill as we drew within a mile of a narrowing in the valley. It was midmorning. It seemed brighter than usual, for some reason. The weather had become more placid in the past couple days. Maybe the dying down of the wind affected how much dust stayed in the air.
Makara pointed ahead.
See there, beyond that ridge of mountains?
I could barely see them above the hills, but they were very tall.
Yeah.
Oasis is past them. Its just like it sounds. Theres an oasis there, and a big town grew up around it.
As the morning went on, I thought of Makaras being a Raider. I was traveling with a Raider. Someone who had stolen. Someone who had killed.
Maybe someone who had murdered.
I didnt know why I was not afraid. I also didnt know why I was so quick to believe her story about Bunker One. Everything seemed to fit, I guess.
So why did you really decide to leave that group? I asked. It mustve been pretty bad if youd rather go with me.
It was simple, really. Brux is a bad man, even for a Raider. Most Raiders kill because they must. Yes, raiding turns them bad. But Brux loves killing. Hell do it even when theres no reason to. Raiding is your only choice when you dont have a home. Most of these settlements wont take in outsiders  for good reason. Most outsiders are trouble. The settlements learned from their mistakes. Raiders will pretend to be nice, or hurt, or whatever, to get inside settlements and scout them. It takes an amazing feat to be accepted into a settlement these days. Either that, or plenty of batts. In a way, it just makes the problem worse. Good people who could contribute to settlements are turned away. They have to eat, too. So they become Raiders.
Is that what happened to you?
 Makara was quiet for a moment. Sort of.
Suddenly Makara stopped.
What? I asked.
She pushed hard down on my shoulder. Both of us fell to the ground and scurried behind a boulder. She held a finger to her mouth. She poked her head around, and quickly pulled it back. She rolled her eyes.
I dont believe it she whispered.
What?
Somehow, they got ahead of us.
Chapter 15

A gun went off, sending a spray of chipped rock into my face.
I thought they were behind us! I said.
Same here. They probably guessed where we were heading, and went to block off the only way there.
Where are they? I didnt see anything.
Theres an outcrop of rocks maybe a stones throw away. I saw one of them behind one.
A few more bullets were fired before a gruff male voice called down the attack.
It was dead quiet. Even the wind had stopped. I could feel my heart beating madly in my chest.
Finally the same gravelly, slimy voice that had called the shots off boomed out.
Come out, Makara. We wont kill you. I promise. I just want the pack back. Thats it.
Makara gave a savage laugh, only loud enough for me to hear. Like were going to fall for that.
How the hell are we going to get out of this? I asked.
She reached in her bag, and pulled out a canister with a lever.
This should do the trick.
What the
Tear gas, she said. I hope its enough of a distraction.
You hope?
If you have a better idea, Id like to hear it. After I lob this, well take off for those hills to the east. On the other side, theres a trail that leads to Oasis.
I looked at the twisted hills uncertainly, not sure if there would be a way across. But what other choice did we have?
Makara pulled the plug on the tear gas canister, waited a couple seconds, and threw the damn thing overhand. There were shouts of alarm, followed by a thud. The canister popped and spewed gas into the air.
Now, she said.
She sprinted from the shelter of the rock toward the hills. I took off after her.
Id never run so fast in my life. I could hear the tear gas hissing behind us.
A few seconds later, the shots started.
I chanced a look back. There were five of them. Three of them, including Brux, were grabbing at their eyes, wailing in pain. The other two ran after us, rifles trained on us.
Run! Makara yelled. Dont look back!
From time to time, a shot went off. A bullet whizzed past my ear. If I had been a few inches further to the right, I would have been dead.
After a minute, we slowed from a sprint to a fast run. After another mile, even at the slower pace, I was ready to die. I was in decent enough shapeor at least, I thought I was. But I was nothing compared to Makara. The only thing that kept me going was sheer necessity.
Despite my lagging behind, we were gaining the lead. The backpack was heavy on me, and it bobbed up and down on my shoulders. All this trouble for some batteries. I could hear them jangle in time with my strides, as if they were mocking me.
Makara had long since slowed to a steady jog, but I couldnt go on. I collapsed to the ground.
Makara stopped. Sometimes I forget you havent walked more than a mile a day in your entire life, much less run one.
I was breathing too hard to protest. It felt like I was going to puke. Maybe I would have if there had actually been something in my stomach.
She took me by my sweaty palm.
You need to get up, Makara said. She had already regained her breath.
I still lay on the ground, my pulse pounding in my brain. Finally, I let Makara pull me up. I walked beside her. She was still setting a fast pace, but I didnt complain.
We spent the rest of the morning climbing through the line of hills, trying to break out onto the other side. I looked back at the valley, but didnt see our pursuers.
Are they still going to follow us? I asked.
Yes. If we can make Oasis, we should be safe.
Great.
We found a pass, and worked our way through to the other side. When we made it, my breath caught in my throat. Before us spread a vast expanse of red in all directions. In front of me, miles and miles out, was a sharp, jagged line of mountains. Their crowns were crested with snow. The entire flatland reflected a strange, golden glow.
A long brown line snaked its way across the plain, close to the foothills. It took me a moment to realize it was the trail Makara spoke of. Along it a long cloud of dust rose from the red earth.
What is that?
Makara squinted. Its a caravan. Going to Oasis, from the looks of it.
Maybe they can take us with them.
Yes, Makara said. Maybe they can. There is safety in numbers, after all.
Before I could say anything else, Makara was bounding down the hill. I hurried to catch up.

***

As we neared the dust cloud, I discerned shapes moving within it. I saw people walking among animals laden with goods. The animals had long necks and long, brown hair. Each had a large hump on its back.
Are those camels? I asked.
Makara nodded. Yeah.
Camels in California? Or was my Bunker actually built halfway across the world?
No. There were zoos beforeyou do know what those are, right?
Im not an idiot.
Makara smiled, as if she might contend that. There was a really big zoo in San Diego, which was not too far from here. There were zoos in other places, of course. Anyway, when Meteor crashed down, there was no one to take care of the animals. In the chaos, some escaped. Unlike most other animals, camels are built for harsh, dry environments. They would have thrived here, even if everything else died off. I imagine this cold, dry weather is their cup of tea. She shrugged. Thats my theory, anyway.
Seems you have this thought out.
Within a few minutes, we had caught up with the caravan. When we reached the road, several hundred feet behind the tail of the train, Makara raised her hands high.
Do the same, she said. They wont let us near till we check out.
Check out?
We could be Raiders to their eyes, she said. Raiders attack caravans all the time, and sometimes use diversions. We could be a diversion, but we have to prove were not Raiders or with Raiders.
Makara, are you going to get us killed?
No worries, Makara said. Theyll know I was with Raine when they see this
She lifted the left sleeve of her black tee, revealing a tattoo of angels wings.
Every Lost Angel has one, and they command respect, even out here in the Wastes.
Two men approached from the end of the train. They wore elegant, brown robes made from fine material. Each had a large hood drawn against the cold, and each had a long, thick beard.
Who are these guys? I asked.
Looks like theyre from the south, Makara said. Theres more cities down there, where its warmer. A lot of caravans flow between here and there.
State your name and your business, travelers, one of the men said.
Im Makara. This is Alex. We are traveling to Oasis, and wanted safe passage with your train.
What business do you have in Oasis?
Raiders pursue us. We seek shelter with your caravan.
Raiders? Are you with Raiders?
No! I said they pursue us. If I were a Raider, would I have this?
Makara lifted her sleeve again, revealing the Lost Angels emblem.
Another man stepped forward, not seeming to care. You invite danger to our trading party, and you wish to join us?
Look, Makara said. Theyre in the area, and they will probably come after you anyway. You might as well take us. Were both armed and good in a fight.
How many are there?
Five. As of four hours ago, they were on the other side of those hills. Now, they could be anywhere.
I now noticed something among the pack animals that greatly disturbed me. The dust had settled a bit, revealing not only the animals and the cloaked men who led thembut also people: thin, stooping...
Chained.
Makara
It appeared she noticed, too. Her face went white.
These are slavers, she said.
Now, the hooded men seemed all the more sinister, and more filed our way. Some held rifles. I could count at least six of them.
You travel to Oasis? Makara asked. Slavery is illegal there.
Times are changing, girl. Raine is dead, and the L.A. gangs are always looking for fresh meat. Ohlan will let us stay there  with fair compensation, of course.
Both of the men stepped forward. Makara pulled out her handgun.
Stop.
Instantly, four hooded men drew their own guns, pointing them at us.
Put your weapon down, the man said. This is our only warning.
Let me make you a warning, Makara said. You take one step closer and Ill blow your brains out. Now back off.
The man smirked, amused. His companion stood next to him, saying nothing. The other men stood by, awaiting their leaders order. Several of the slaves looked back, with hollow, haunting eyes. I wanted to save them, somehow, only I didnt even know if Makara and I could save ourselves.
It was nice knowing you, Makara.
The blaring of a horn came from the caravan. The hooded men looked at each other.
Makara smiled. Looks like you got some real Raiders to deal with now.
Gunshots were fired near the caravan. The same men we had run from just hours before now charged toward the goods-laden train.
Defend the caravan! the leader said.
It was amazing how quickly they turned from us, but we didnt have time to appreciate our luck. Makara grabbed me by the arm.
Now would be a good time to go, she said.
For what seemed the tenth time that day, we started running, away from the trail and into the desert to the east. After running about a mile, we slowed to a walk. We still heard the sounds of guns in the distance.
No more running, I said.
We need more distance, Makara said. Brux might have seen us.
The afternoon light was fading. When Makara saw me lagging behind, she knew she couldnt push my limits any longer. Off in the distance stood a little house. It looked so similar to the one we had stayed in the night before that at first I thought it was the same one. But I knew it couldnt be, because we were in a completely different area.
Lets hope no ones home, Makara said. Ive never stayed out this far before. Hopefully, Brux and his gang dont know about this place.
When we arrived, the door was wide open. We went in, finding the place empty and full of dust. Makara dropped her stuff to the floor, and I dropped mine nearby. I went back out on the porch, where there were two chairs. I wrapped myself in my blanket, and sat.
That doesnt look good, Makara said.
What?
She pointed toward the eastern horizon, toward what appeared to be a wall of low mountains accelerating toward us. Then I realized they werent mountains. They were clouds. Lightning flashed within them.
Nasty one, from the looks of it, Makara said. Better grab these chairs and step inside. Its going to be a long night.
What is it?
A solid wall of dust and electricity. Theyll kill you if youre caught in one. Lightning strikes, getting buried in the sand, something heavy being thrown at youtheyre called Devils Walls for a reason.
Will the house hold up?
Probably. Its seen hundreds of storms, Ill bet. But you never know.
Comforting.
Come on. Lets move.
The clouds were closer now. They moved incredibly fast. The last gleams of the fading sun cast pink, purple, and orange over the wall of cloud. The shifting of light and shadow, together with the lightning, gave it a dangerous beauty.
Makara pulled me inside and shut the door tight.
Chapter 16

As soon as we were in, I collapsed on the floor.
Hope the storm gets to Brux and the rest of them, Makara said. That would make things a lot easier.
Makara and I sat in our chairs as the first wave of sand slammed against the houses eastern wall. From the groan of the wood, I thought it would cave in right there. But it held up and merely creaked.
Outside the windows lightning flashed, so close I thought it would hit us. Living underground, I had never seen lightning. I didnt expect it to be so blinding and terrifying.
We ate a quick meal  the last of the rice bread, and some water  and went to sleep along the western wall.
Well, Makara went to sleep. It was much harder for me. The lightning and the storm were too much. Besides the occasional flash of lightning, the house was cold and pitch black. I watched Makaras form, wondering how she could sleep through it.
Outside the wind roared, and the temperature dropped until my breath clouded the dry air. All I wanted was to be warm. The wind seeped through the cracks, and I could feel the dust settling on my face, getting in my mouth. My hands and feet were numb. Makaras breathing remained regular with sleep.
Makara?
She didnt hear me. I got up and began pacing the house. I was tired, sore, and cold  and, as always, hungry and thirsty. I wanted nothing more than to be back underground, where it was warm, where it was safe, and where there was always food. I would have killed for a hot shower.
I lay down again. If Id had the guts, I would have woken Makara up and asked to share our blankets.
Finally, I began drifting off. I was on the edge of dreams when a guttural scream shook the entire frame of the house, jolting me awake.
Makaras eyes opened and she shot up from where she had been lying. She reached for her gun and held it close. She looked at me and held a finger to her mouth.
Dont move, she whispered.
I heard something big scratching on the ground outside. It was barely discernible above the roar of the wind. I heard what I thought were heavy breaths. I hoped it was only the wind.
Its one of them, she said.
I knew instantly what she was talking about. It wasnt a Raider, or a slaver. It was one of these monsters Makara spoke of.
Here? I asked.
As we lay quiet in the house, my heart pounded. I hoped that if I breathed softly, if I didnt move, this thing would go away. The storm raged on outside. We waited for what seemed an hour.
We didnt hear from it again.
Its gone, Makara said.
What could be that big? I asked.
I dont know, Makara said. That virus can do weird things  make animals much bigger than they were meant to be. We must be near a Blight. Now go to sleep.
I lay down, and closed my eyes. I didnt know how I could sleep with what she just told me. Yet despite that scare, I found myself soon drifting off.

***

The next morning, we woke late. The storm was over. Still, Makara told me to stay inside while she went to check things out.
A minute later, she came back in.
Theres nothing out there, she said. We lost a lot of time yesterday, but we still might make Oasis by sundown if we hurry.
We left the house, and traveled all day without seeing another soul. It felt lonesome out in the Wasteland, but given what Id seen of people out here, I guess that was a good thing.
We avoided the road and struck northeast, through the desert.
Arent there supposed to be cities around here?
Yeah, Oasis. Twenty miles.
No. I mean, its only been thirty years since Meteor, right? Youd think thered be more buildings around.
This area was pretty bare even before that.
Still
Were somewhere north of a city that was called Yucca. There are still signs of it, in some places. You can see buildings, half-buried in the dirt.
The day was warmer than yesterday, and the clouds were not as thick. They were still red  always red. And of course, there was not a trace of vegetation on the ground.
It seemed to be getting worse the farther we headed north. Dunes rose from the earth, making me feel as if I was traversing a cold Sahara rather than Southern California. It was tough to climb them. Just seeing those dunes made me feel thirstier and more tired than I already was. We were rationing our water  there would be none until Oasis.
We never stopped, not even once, as we plodded north. It no longer felt cold  in fact, I had broken into a light sweat. I was getting used to the work of walking, though there was a constant gnawing at my belly. The promise of a hot meal was all that kept me going.
We passed a few buildings, hills, rocky outcrops, and the day never brightened beyond a dull, monotonous red. As evening came, we crested a rise and came to a valley covered with sand, surrounded in the distance by a ring of low, brown mountains. Wooden buildings crowded around a small lake in the center of the valley, and a circular, wooden wall surrounded the settlement.
As we paused before the sight, my heart swelled with happiness. After everything, we had finally made it.
Oasis, Makara said. It is good to see you.
It was thirty minutes before we stood before the giant wooden gate. Two muscled guards sat in fold-out chairs in the watchtower connected to it. Each had a rifle propped next to him. They scowled as we stopped before the entrance.
Not looking good, Makara
Quiet. Youre making me nervous.
Neither of the guards said a word. One was tall and black, and chewed on a cigar, letting the ash fall to his feet. The other was tan with cropped blond hair. They stared down at Makara and me from their perch.
We stood there a while, Makara never breaking her gaze from the mens after mine had long fallen to the sand.
Finally, the black guard spoke. What do you want with us, Raider? You know you and your ilk are unwelcome within these walls.
I am not a Raider, Makara said, her voice level. Her calm voice carried as well as a shout would. Just a traveler, seeking a place to rest.
Humph, The guard said. A likely story. Then the caravan leader who now rests safely within our walls must be lying. He saw you with the Raiders yesterday. They made off with quite a bit of loot. Im surprised your share wasnt great enough to keep you from begging here.
We oughta shoot you on sight, the blond guard drawled.
The black guard smiled at that. I was ready to turn around. But Makara stood her ground.
Let me speak to Elder Ohlan.
The black guards eyes narrowed. Elder Ohlan need not speak with scum such as you. I suggest you turn back. Now. Before I put a bullet in your head.
Ohlan knows me. And I knew Raine. I am Makara of the Lost Angels.
The guards exchanged curious looks. The blond guard nodded, and the black guard turned to speak to Makara.
Those are not light words you speak, Angel, the black guard said, adding a note of skepticism to that word. Many would claim allegiance with the Angels. What proof do you have?
This, Makara said, lifting her sleeve.
The blond guard fiddled with something behind him. A spotlight clicked on, throwing a beam of bright light on us. I held my hand to my eyes. The light clicked off.
Well enough, traveler, the black guard said. If that work is false, then it is well done. I will tell Ohlan you are here. I will return when I have an answer.
The black guard left; the other one stood watching, holding his gun and looking ready to use it.
Dont say a word, Makara said softly. With luck, Ohlan will remember me. The Lost Angels are still highly spoken of in the Wastes. AndOhlan has another reason to let me in.
Whats that?
Raine. He was not like the other gang lords. He was good. He helped people. He even helped build Oasiss walls. Hes the reason the Raiders dont own everything up to the border of L.A.
We stood in front of the gate for a while. The blond guard stood like a statue, paying no heed to our conversation.
How do you know Ohlan, anyway?
I guess I forgot to tell you that part, Makara said. Ohlan is Raines brother.
Chapter 17

We waited a long time. With the night came the chill, and it wasnt long before I was shivering. Makara gave a small hiss. I stopped.
Finally, the black guard came back
You are to come in, he said. Elder Ohlan wishes to speak with you.
The gate started to move. It creaked, rolling back inch by inch.
First, you must surrender your weapons. They will be returned upon leaving.
Makara did so. I noticed that, after giving up her first gun, she gave up another one from her pack.
Youve had two? This whole time?
She looked me up and down, and shrugged. What of it?
I could use one, you know.
Maybe in time, she said. Im surer about you, now.
I didnt understand why shed kept it from me. Did she not trust me after all wed been through?
The guard led us down Oasiss main drag. Id never seen anything like it in my life. Buildings of sheet metal and wood, sometimes both, lined both sides of the street. From the sides people watched us, more people than Id ever seen since leaving the underground. They were dressed in tattered, faded pants and colorless shirts, almost none of one piece, but sewn together from a variety of different sources.
For the first time, I realized what a commodity clothes were, and how much I had taken them for granted living underground. All Bunker residents had standard issue, wear-resistant pants and shirts, along with camo and warm weather gear for recons. If anything needed to be mended, there was spare material.
These people had no such luxury. They had whatever they found, or they inherited it.
It wasnt just the clothes I noticed. The men had long, thick beards, and intense, dark eyes. The faces were gaunt and hardened, faces well beyond their years. There was little beauty left in the women, other than the young. The harshness of life had taken it out early.
No one said a word to us. There was no greeting or welcome. There was just calculation in those eyes, wondering who we were, whether we were dangerous, whether we could be taken advantage of.
It was nothing like I had expected. These people were scraping to get by. I wondered if it was just the harsh environment and lack of resources, or the citys leadership. Either way, if this was the best a walled city had to offer, maybe I didnt want it.
Then again, my hungry stomach disagreed.
When can we eat? I asked Makara.
Just let me talk, and try not to get in the way.
We came at last to the oasis itself. There were palm trees around it, but they were shriveled and long dead. The whole thing was more like a pond than a lake. Buildings crowded around it, made from the same sort of wood and sheet metal I had seen earlier.
In all, the total population of the town might have been a thousand people.
One side of the oasis was completely bare. In the failing light it was hard to tell, but that might have been where the crops were.
A tall man stood, back to us, on the shore of the oasis. I knew this was Ohlan, because two guards stood by him with rifles, facing toward us. The man turned at our approach, gazing at us with calculating blue eyes. He, unlike the other people I had seen, was well-fed and his face clean-shaven. He was balding, with a ring of gray hair. In his wrinkled face was a toughness that doesnt come from the hardships of life, but from inflicting hardships on others. I immediately did not like him.
Elder Ohlan, Makara said. I thank you for this audience.
She knelt on one knee. I was shocked that Makara was kneeling to this guy who seemed to cover my soul in slime just by my looking at him.
It seemed as if I was expected to kneel, too. So I did. For Makara.
No need for formalities, Ohlan said. His tone was cursory, and from it I deduced that there was, in fact, need for formalities. Not between friends.
Thank you, Elder, Makara said.
The guard who had escorted us stood by and watched like a hawk. 
Now Ohlan looked at me. I gazed for a moment into his cold blue eyes before turning away as if burned. The eyes were shrewd, and seemed to catch, in a moment, everything I was. A contemptuous smirk played on his lips before he broke into a pleasant smile.
Welcome, Makara of the Lost Angels. He looked toward me. And who is this?
His name is Alex. He was alone in the Wasteland. Hes with me now.
Ah, Ohlan said. The Wastes seem not yet to have chilled your heart, Makara. Is there a reason for this adoption?
He was helpless. He is the only survivor of Bunker 108.
Ohlan flinched a bit. He quickly recovered, turning to me. 108? So Chan is dead?
I stared at him, confused. What did he know of Chan? Of us? Apparently, Chan had more ties to the outside world than he had let on.
I swallowed my pride at having to answer this man. Im afraid so.
Ohlans eyes narrowed. An interesting development. How did it happen, if I may ask?
I didnt want to tell him. But Makara and I needed him, as much as that hurt. He had control of this town and the food that would feed me tonight.
A sickness, I said. I barely escaped and would be dead if not for Makara.
A sickness? Ohlan considered. Yes. There have been rumors of a new, wasting death. Agonizing. Bodies have been found over the last few weeks in the desert, bloated, ripped. The Blights ever spread.
Ohlan turned from me and back to Makara.
Yes. I remember you. And I dont remember you. You are not the little girl who was Raines own. You have changed. You were so happy and carefree, then.
I had the luxury to be.
Indeed. The City of Angels is no longer that. And the Angels are dead, and the cruel Wastes are now even crueler. You have hardened.
I have become what I must.
Indeed. Ohlan gave a coy smile. Even so much as to take from others? You have not joined with the locusts of the east, have you?
I had no idea what Ohlan was referring to, but I realized he was talking about the Raiders and Raider Bluff.
I became what I had to become after Raine died, Makara said. To survive.
You should have come here first, Makara. You know I would have taken you in. But you didnt come. Are the walls of Oasis not sufficient for you? There was safety here, and family. But you chose another path. You became a Raider.
Ohlans eyes seemed to dance. Makara looked afraid, and I felt protective of her. But what could I do? I was just a kid, and Ohlan was a powerful man.
You saidfamily? Makara asked.
Oh, yes. Did you not know?
Know? Know what?
Ohlan smiled. Your brother, Samuel. He was here.
Makaras eyes widened. Samuel? Samuel was here? When? Where is he now?
Makaras hands shook, either from nerves or excitement. I just hoped Ohlan wasnt lying. If he was, I was going to wring his neck, armed guards or not.
Hes gone, now, Ohlan said. Samuel came here almost two years ago, thinking to find you. But he did not find you here. He stayed on. About a year ago, he left to live in Bunker 114. Your brother has a brilliant mind, and Dr. Luken, the head of Bunker 114, wanted Samuel to help him with his research. Three weeks ago, Samuel returned from 114, intending to live here. He refused to say why, but apparently he had a falling-out with Dr. Luken. It was only a few days later that we received a distress call from 114. Then nothing. All of our transmissions have been met with silence. A few days later, Samuel led a patrol to 114 to find out what happened. He was supposed to have been back by now. Ohlan shook his head. We have not heard from him since.
Where is Bunker 114? Makara asked. We will go immediately.
114 is not far  it lies in the heart of Cold Mountain, about fifteen miles northwest.
And he never returned? Makara asked.
No, Ohlan said. After losing so much, I cannot risk more men and resources. In fact, I couldnt get anyone to go even if I wanted to. The widows still mourn the loss of their husbands. You can hear them weeping in the night. And its been such a cold, dry year. The crop is pitiful. Worse, those men had weapons and supplies with them, things that cannot be replaced. Ohlan sighed. If only I could get them back.
We will go, Makara said. We will bring them back.
I looked at Makara, and looked at Ohlan. He gave a small, satisfied smile.
Makara, I do not want to give you false hope. We have not heard from them since the day after they set out. Your brother
May still be alive. Even if he is dead, I need to know the truth. I couldnt live knowing he might be out there, still.
Honorable. But what of your friend, here?
I will help her, I said. These supplies must be very useful to you. Surely you would like them back?
Ohlan licked his lips. Yes, of course I would.
We will bring them back for you. In exchange, we would like to stay here, in safety.
Ohlan frowned. Now, that is a lot to ask.
Whats the difference? I asked. You lost five, and you would gain two. Perhaps more, if there are any survivors. Furthermore, you would get the supplies.
Ohlan considered. I couldnt believe I was convincing him. Makara was quiet. Even she seemed impressed.
Ohlan nodded. Very well. It is done. If you and Makara make it back with supplies and survivors  I will see about letting you stay. As far as tonight, you can stay here. Ren will see that a warm meal is brought, and give you enough food for your journey to Bunker 114 and back. You can start tomorrow morning.
Thank you, Ohlan, Makara said. We will not disappoint you.
Ohlan smirked. Disappoint me? I have nothing to lose.
Well bring those supplies back. Ill make sure of it.
And I hope you can find out what happened at 114, Ohlan said. The supplies are most important, of course, but I would like to know what was strong enough to kill a patrol of my best men.
When Ohlan put it that way, going to Cold Mountain seemed like a bad idea. Yet this was our only way into a safe home. And it was the only way Makara could find out about Samuel.
Ren, show our guests to the common house.
Ren, the guard who had brought us here, saluted with his hand over his heart. Yes, Elder. He turned to us. Follow me.
We followed Ren down the road from which wed come. The street was empty, though yellow lights illumined a building that seemed to be a saloon. Inside I could hear raucous laughter and booming, electronic music.
We walked until we stood in front of a sheet metal building along the wall.
This is the common house, Ren said. You will rest here tonight.
We went inside. The house was empty, and looked as if it had not been used in a long time. Several rows of bunks containing dirty mattresses lined one half of the room. Still, the prospect of sleeping on something other than rock or floor was good. The other half of the room contained a table. A large pot sat in one of the corners.
Whats that? I asked.
Ren looked from me to Makara, wondering if I was joking. Its a piss pot.
Makara smiled at my embarrassment as Ren turned to leave.
Ill be back with food, he said. Ohlan will want you up and ready to go before dawn. You are not to leave this building until then.
We dont plan to, Makara said.
When Ren walked out, we stashed our stuff by the bunks in the corner. Makara took my pack  the one with the batts in it  and hid it away under the corner bed where it would be out of sight.
We went to the table, and sat.
So, where did you get that extra gun? I asked.
Makara turned back to me. She was tired, and did not look as if she wanted to talk.
It was for safekeeping, she said. I did not know if I could trust you. I took it from Bruxs pack after I knocked you out. I guess well be getting them back in the morning.
Yeah. I guess.
Look, Makara said. Im sorry. I see youre not going to try to shoot me with it now. Ill give it to you tomorrow. Promise.
Makara seemed far away.
How are you doing? I asked.
Justshocked. Completely shocked. I thought he was dead these last two years. Now, he might be alive. Stillprobably dead. But there is hope, and I dont know what to do with it. She sighed. My brother was all I had, Alex.
He might still be alive, I said. That would be something.
I dont want to get my hopes up, Makara said. I dont want this to be just another link on the chain of disappointments.
Either way, I said. At least well have somewhere to stay.
Yes. But whats the point of being alive when you have nothing to live for?
Makarawasnt it you who told me we go down fighting?
She sighed. Yes. ButI feel different now.
Thats all it is: a feeling. You never know what could be coming around.
Sometimes, I feel like Im just saying words. Words cant bring my brother back.
Maybe we just have to believe. Even if its in nothing.
Believe in belief?
Maybe. Tomorrow, we will be closer to knowing the truth.
Thats what Im most afraid of. Ive lived my whole life the past two years on the assumption that hes dead. What will he think of me and what Ive done to survive? I did all those things because I didnt care. But now maybe I do.
There is a time for that, I said. For now, we have a chance to rest. So lets do that.
We sat there for a few minutes. Makara nodded, but her eyes still seemed faraway. But her frown was gone, replaced with a small smile. Maybe my words had done the trick.
The thing was, even I didnt know how much I believed them.
I thought about Ohlan. Living here under the dominion of that man seemed an evil fate in and of itself.
Was Ohlan always like this?
Yes. He is a smart man, but he is also cruel. But it is his cruel and calculating ways that helped him to build Oasis. People follow him without question. If they didnt, they would be ostracized, which is as good as death.
I almost dont want to stay here, I said. But its hard to argue with a full stomach. It doesnt have to be forever, I guess.
We still had the batts. Surely that had to be worth something, somewhere. We could always find another town.
At that moment, the door opened. Ren walked in, carrying two steaming trays of food. My mouth watered, and my stomach growled.
He set the trays on the table.
There is a well behind the house, near the wall, he said.
Ren left without another word.
Charming, I said.
This place does not like strangers, that is for sure. Makara stood. Ill go fill our canteens. You can start eating without me.
No. Ill wait.
It was a minute before she returned. Sitting there with that steaming tray of potatoes, beans, and corn was torture.
As soon as she got back, I dug in.
When you go for a while without eating much, you get full quickly. I had to force myself to finish, even if it felt as if my stomach was going to explode. Makara was right; hunger is the best seasoning. I couldnt remember a better meal in my life.
After I gulped down my water, Makara and I sat for a moment. We were both tired, and didnt say anything. She wanted to be alone with her thoughts. So I went to my bunk in the corner, got out my blanket, and hunkered down for the night.
The mattress might have smelled funny, but it was soft and comfortable. I closed my eyes, and dreamed of a future that did not involve getting shot at or living on the run, one with a full meal every night and at least some semblance of routine.
The only thing was, I was probably going to die before any of that happened.
Chapter 18

After getting the guns back, we left Oasis at dawn by the north gate past all the fields. On our way, we passed wheat and cornstalks, half withered by the harsh, dry environment. It was a wonder that anything at all could grow out here.
We were out in the Wasteland again, heading northwest to Cold Mountain, a shadowy mass in the distance. It was surrounded by smaller mountains. I wondered how wed find Bunker 114 in all that.
It was still dark, and we saw no hint of the sun until a golden glow shone above the eastern mountains. The desert floor was bathed in a vibrant, orange hue.
On the way, Makara handed me my gun. My gun. It felt good merely to think those words.
We stopped for a short break so I could get to know it better. It was a Beretta handgun. It looked at least fifty years old, but it had a lot of character. It had many scratches and scuffs from the years, and the design was sleek and rounded.
Makara took a moment to show me how to use it. She took out the magazine. Fully loaded, it contained seventeen rounds. Makara showed me two boxes of 9mm rounds in the pack. The two boxes each contained a hundred rounds. I had plenty of ammo as long as I didnt get too trigger-happy.
When I latched the holstered handgun onto my belt, words cannot describe how much securer I felt.
We walked on.
How far do you think it is? I asked.
Ten miles or so, Makara said. Its still morning, so were making good progress.
As the sun rose higher in the sky, the mountain appeared to get a little closer. It wouldnt be long now.
We walked on at a fast pace the rest of the day. By afternoon we had slowed, having entered the foothills of Cold Mountain. The peak rose before us like a giant tooth, wicked-looking. It had a long, pointed top, like a spire. It was hard to see the top, as it was mostly lost in reddish haze.
I noticed something else, too, as we drew closer. The sides of the mountain were purple, pink, and burnt orange.
What is that? I asked.
We both stopped to look at it. It was clear that the color was unnatural. Multicolored layers of something toppled down the mountain in frozen waves. It looked alive.
A Blight, Makara said. No wonder that patrol did not come back.
Are they always dangerous?
Ive never seen one this big, she said. Its taking up the whole mountain. You never know what kind of things you will run into in a Blight.
Monsters?
Just be ready. Shoot anything that moves.

***

We were almost to the northern face of Cold Mountain. Nothing had jumped out at us  yet  but being in my first Blight was a nerve-wrecking experience. The entire ground was coated in a thick, sticky purple and pink substance. This, I knew, was xenofungus. I had only seen samples in my fathers lab. To see miles upon miles of it was surreal and frightening. It squished as we walked on it.
Pillars, maybe ten to twenty feet tall, rose from the purple stuff in organic towers. They appeared to be spawned by the stuff on the ground, and had massive, bell-shaped openings that dripped pink slime. The slime flowed downhill, funneled by the fungus. It collected toward the end of the Blight. The solidifying of the slime at the Blights edges might have been the way the fungus spread ever outward.
We worked our way through the towers and spongy ground. It was late afternoon by now, and we still had not found the Bunker entrance. But I knew we would have to find it quickly. Getting caught out here at night was a terrifying thought.
We came around the flank of the mountain to find ourselves under its northern face. The entire side was covered with purple and pink grime. It glowed from the hazy, setting sun, and clouds of insects swarmed near the towers. Right in the middle of it all was a gaping maw, lost in shadow. The opening seemed to lead into the mountain.
That looks promising, Makara said.
Like the mouth of a beast.
If theres any entrance, that will be it. Come on. Its not far.
As we crossed the purple field, I couldnt shake the feeling that we were being watched. I looked around, but saw nothing.
I have a feeling something is watching us, I said.
Makara stopped. I dont feel anything
I turned around, seeing nothing but multicolored miles of Blight, spreading in all directions.
When I turned around again, they were right in front of us.
Two dog-like creatures, completely hairless, were kneeling in front of Makara. In tandem they pounced on her, and she fell backward. She screamed, dropping her gun. Their jaws snapped, closer to her neck. She elbowed one in the head.
I ran forward, pulling out my Beretta. I fired at the one about to finish Makara. Two bullets plowed into the head. The thing yelped and went slack, purple goo oozing from the wounds.
The other monster snarled as it turned to face me and crouched on its haunches. I fired several times, the bullets tearing into its chest and front legs. I couldnt get a steady shot.
It gave a shrill shriek as it lunged for me. It had me on the ground against the slimy fungus. Its completely white eyes bored into mine. I could feel drool dripping on my neck, stinging on contact.
Another gunshot. The creatures weight collapsed onto me. I pushed it off in a panic, and reached for my neck, wiping the drool off with my hands.
Wash it off, Makara said, handing me her water bottle.
Thanks.
Makara was still recovering her breath. Thanks, yourself. That was some shot. I would have been dead.
Same for you.
I poured the water on my neck, wiping it dry with my shirt.
Makara looked at it closely. The skins a bit red. But theres no open wound. Youll be fine.
Are we good to go? I asked.
We should have seen those coming. Unfortunately, they blend right in.
We walked the rest of the way to the cave and stood in front of it. The air smelled cool and damp, and carried the faint smell of rot. It was hard not to feel as if we were walking into some horrible creatures mouth as we went down the slope and into the cave.
When we were a good way in, Makara took out a flashlight and clicked it on.
In front of us lay the dead bodies of the lost patrol.
Oh, no Makara said, rushing forward.
They were utterly mutilated. Something really big had torn these people from head to toe. A bloody head lay in a corner, surrounded by a ring of pink fungus that seemed to be feeding off of it. The rest of the body parts had been gathered in a twisted, gory corpse pile.
Makara went toward it. I grabbed her by the hand.
Are you crazy? Dont go near that.
Makara stopped. Youre right. But he might be
Might? He probably was. But I wasnt going to say that to Makara. The bodies were not just ripped up. They were rotting. They had suffered through at least several days of decomposition, and the way the fungus fed off them just made recognition all the more difficult.
We spent the next few minutes gathering the supplies of the lost patrol. Guns, ammunition, medicine, foodit was a treasure trove. It was easy to see why Ohlan wanted this stuff back. I tried my best to ignore the dead bodies.
Makara was barely holding it together. There would be time for grieving later.
Look, Makarawe have maybe an hour of sunlight left. We need to hurry.
She nodded. I know. Im trying. Just let me work, okay?
After five minutes, we had gathered all we could into two large backpacks we had found nearby. It was almost all the stuff, including the guns and ammunition.
Alright, I said. Lets go.
Suddenly, the cave darkened. At first, I thought Makara had turned off her flashlight. But she reached for her gun, and thats when I heard a bullet.
I turned to face the mouth of the cave, and saw five figures blocking the entrance.
Hey, Makara, came that nasty, gravelly voice. You miss me?
It was Brux.

***

Run! Makara yelled.
We didnt turn to look back as the Raiders fired at us. Bullets whizzed by. Makara turned off her flashlight and the ensuing darkness swallowed us.
Ill find you, Makara! Brux yelled. Ill track you down if its the last thing I do!
His voice was lost as we ran on. After running and tripping for a minute, Makara turned the light back on  it was just too dangerous not to see where we were going, especially when something much worse than Raiders lived here.
We rounded corners, the floor sloping ever downward. A thin trickle of a stream collected at our feet, and we splashed our way through the darkness.
The light revealed scenery more and more alien to the eye. Pink and purple fungus hung in stalactites. There was a curious deadening of all sound, caused by the purple stuff covering the walls. A pungent, sickly-sweet smell burned my lungs.
Soon it was hard to breathe.
Makara, I said.
She looked back. We cant stop now.
My head swam. It was hard to focus.
A hand slapped my cheek.
Wake up, damn it! Makara yelled. Do you want to die here?
I pushed forward one step. I heard voices behind us in the distance, from a different world.
I fell to my knees.
Go on, Makara
But she didnt go on. Her eyes grew hazy, and she fell to the ground.
Whatis this?
My only desire was to lie on the bed of fungus beneath us. It was so soft. I nestled in it. It was warm, damp, like a living thing. I would soon become a part of it. I wanted nothing more than that.
A curious itching covered my face. But I didnt care; I was too tired.
Makara and I were soon fast asleep.
Chapter 19

I swam through dreams  peaceful dreams, the kind you never want to wake from. I saw my father, Khloe, and even my mother. It had been so long since Id seen her. She had brown hair and soft, kind eyes. How this this could be her, I didnt know  it had been so long since she had died.
After what seemed days, in this state, eventually the dreams began to fade.
I opened my eyes and found myself in a dark room, alone. I was in a small bed, and I made out the faint outlines of a desk in the corner.
I thought I had died.
I tried to move my legs, but they didnt obey my commands.
Makara
My voice was soft and raspy. Nothing answered it.
The door opened, letting in a flood of white light. I saw a shadowy shape enter. I shielded my eyes.
You are up, finally, came a deep, male voice.
Who are you?
I did my best to sit up, and leaned my back against the headboard of the bed. I was terribly thirsty.
Water.
The man handed me a leather canteen. I drank the warm water greedily.
I found you and Makara while collecting samples, he said. Foolish thing  to run into a xenofungal field without the proper breathing equipment. If I hadnt come along, you would have been dead. Or worse.
My eyes were starting to focus. I could make out the man. He was tall, and all angles and hard muscle. He had broad shoulders, tanned skin, and a shaved head. His eyes, though I could not determine their color, were focused and serious. He looked to be in his early to mid-twenties.
How long have I been here? I asked.
I found you on September 30. It is now October 2. Some never wake from the coma caused by xenofungal sleeping spores. You were lucky. I came along just in time.
Where is Makara?
She awoke earlier in the day, but I couldnt get two words out of her. She is asleep again. She will be fine.
He walked to the door and flipped on the light. Suddenly everything was illuminated, and my eyes burned.
The man looked very familiar. At first, I thought I might have known him from Bunker 108. He would have been an Officer, given his stature. But I knew for a fact he wasnt from 108. I would have recognized him.
I realized he looked like Makara.
Samuel?
Yes. And you must be Alex.
How do you know that?
Its the name Makara keeps saying in her sleep.
We thought you were dead. You were the whole reason for our coming here.
He gave a small smile. Was I now?
Makara will go crazy. Are there other survivors?
No. Just me.
We were chased by Raiders into the cave. We thought you were dead when we saw the corpse pile.
Samuel nodded. They ran you right into the Bunker. You are lucky you survived.
How did you escape? What happened to you guys?
We will speak of that later. Lets go check on my sister.
Is she awake?"
That was when she screamed from the room next to us. Samuel ran out of the room, pistol in hand. I got up, grabbed my weapon, and ran after him.
We went down the hall, and burst into Makaras room. Makara was sitting up in bed, eyes wide.
Makara, whats wrong? Samuel asked.
Makara looked at Samuel as if he were a ghost. She didnt say a word.
Samuel went to her, grabbed both her hands, and helped her out of bed. All the time, Makara never looked away, her expression full of disbelief.
There was no other discernible reaction on Makaras face. Slowly, her eyes filled with tears, and her shoulders shook.
Samuel embraced her. Makara let out a suppressed sob.
I cant believe this, she said. It is too good to be true.
Samuel didnt say anything. They parted.
First, Makara said. What about those Raiders? Did they follow us in?
Samuel shook his head. I saw no Raiders. I guess they did not follow you in. Though I would not have been surprised if they had, given the contents of Alexs pack.
They might still be out there, I said.
Maybe, Samuel said. But its been two days now. Unless there was another reason, they would have long given up the chase.
They probably took all the supplies we left at the front of the cave, Makara said.
She looked at Samuel as if she still could not believe her eyes.
And in either case, Samuel said, there is another way out. It is harder, and it comes out near the top of Cold Mountain. There is an elevator shaft, but to get there we would have to go through the most dangerous part of the Bunker. The part that is not secure.
Cant we just go out the way we came in? I asked. You have gas masks, dont you?
Just the one, Samuel said. I have turned this section of the Bunker upside down looking for more since youve been sleeping, but have found nothing. Wed have to search the main part of the Bunker  at which point we might as well just leave through the elevator shaft. We havent the time or the resources to secure the whole thing.
Are we leaving now? I asked.
No, Samuel said. You and Makara need rest. We can catch up in the meantime.
Not before we have something to eat, Sam, Makara said.
Yes, Samuel said. Id forgotten that. The kitchen is just across the hall. There is still plenty of frozen food. The microwave still works.
We went there, and had a meal of chicken, vegetables, and bread, which had all been frozen in the deep freeze. I hadnt had meat since Bunker 108, and it tasted amazing. By the time we finished, I was ready to sleep again. But Samuel instead led us down the hall, and into a small break room with some sofas, a television, and a pool table.
We can speak here. First things first  what happened to you after Los Angeles, Makara?
Up to this point, I had not heard the full story. I was listening almost as eagerly as Samuel.
She began.

***

It was two years ago. Makara smiled grimly. The day Raine was assassinated. It was my last hour in Los Angeles. It was a warm day. You might remember that, Samuel. I was on the roof of the Lost Angels Headquarters, the main base of operations for the gang. It used to be a thirteen-story bank just west of downtown. Now I suppose its still only rubble.
Makara said nothing for a moment. Even if it happened two years ago, it was clear that the fall of the Lost Angels still haunted Makara. Perhaps it always would.
I was watching the sunset from the rooftop when the streets came alive. Hundreds of Black Reapers surrounded the tower. Samuel ran to the roof, screaming for me. She looked at Samuel. You told me Raine was dead. That we had to leave.
There were too many, Samuel said. The fall of the Lost Angels had been a long time coming.
Makara nodded. We ran down the stairs. I wanted to stay and fight, but you said Raine ordered you to keep me safe. Despite my protests, somehow you got me to the back door. You gave me a pack and a gun and pushed me out. I realized what was happening: I was to run, like some coward, while you stayed and fought.
Samuel said nothing. Maybe Makara hadnt forgiven him for that: for not giving her the chance to fight and die with the rest of the Lost Angels.
Mortar shells flew through the air. The explosions rocked everything, and all I saw was the fire. My hearing faded, and there was nothing  I felt nothing, saw nothing, knew nothing, as the rubble crashed around me.
She said nothing for a while. Samuel and I waited for her to go on.
The entire building was a ruin behind me. It was only as the gunshots faded, as the Reapers bikes tore through the streets and surrounded the building, that I ran. I ran as far as I could, though I had nowhere to run to. I ran east through the streets, through decaying buildings, over toppled fences and broken walls. I looked back, and the tower was gone in a smoking ruin, along with my entire life. I thought you had died.
I wandered for weeks. Some nights I found food. Some nights I didnt. Winter was coming.
It was the next day when I fell in with a group of Raiders. At first, one of the men wanted to use me and keep me as his. But I shot him. I didnt care what they did to me. The leader  a man named Char  smiled. He fed me, and put clothes on my back.
I was in.
We raided all through autumn. We killed, we stole, and the men did worse than that. But never once would they touch me. I was one of them.
I was aware that I was becoming less and less of a person. By October, we headed west out of the valley along I-10, into the Mojave. We traveled for weeks, until we reached Raider Bluff. I had never seen anything like it. The city is huge, built on a giant, three-tiered mesa. The city has three levels, including the fortified Alphas Compound at the top. We brought camels laden with goods. We were treated like kings. I allowed myself a smile. With my share of the loot, I was able to trade for guns, for food, for clothes, for batts. It was all mine.
Everyone in town wanted to know who I was  the female Raider. The women in Raider Bluff are little more than slaves for the men. There are exceptions  like my friend Lisa, who runs a bar called the Bounty, who I became friends with. When winter came on, I hardly stepped outside that place. It was cold, but I stayed in there, where Id rented a room. I drank a lot. I hardly remember the winter of 2058.
When the storms ended, raid leaders searched for new recruits. Dozens approached me, but I turned them all down. I intended to stay there and drink myself to death.
I realized my batts were running thin. Without the batts, I could not eat, and more importantly, I could not drink. I decided to continue living. I dont know why. I didnt have anyone. Everyone in my family was dead. I knew nothing of friendship.
I entered onto a raid with the next leader who approached me. His name was Brux.
Makara paused to drink from a glass of water. She looked at me, and gave a tired smile.
Brux was especially cruel, even for a Raider. His specialty was slaves. Women, mostly. I did not know this at the time. Lisa warned me against him, but I did not care. I knew he brought back the loot, and I wanted that.
That year, I saw the most terrible things. I will not repeat them here. I died inside more and more each passing day. I was afforded no respect among the raid group, and the only way I could get it was by killing one of them who tried to rape me. Finally they learned, and kept away. Many times, I flew into rages and threatened to take my share back to Bluff. Brux would not hear of it.
And Brux...he would watch me on those cold nights when he thought I was sleeping. Countless times he tried to have his way with me. I learned to sleep and remain aware of the danger. But he never let me be, no matter what I tried. I could not kill him  that would be mutiny, a crime punishable by crucifixion. I had seen a death like that, in the winter. The crows had feasted well the next day.
I thought the year would never end. It was a good year, though, if good could be used as a word. Twenty slaves, one hundred camels, and plenty of loot. I collected four times the batts with Brux than I did under Char.
How could I do this, you ask? I dont know. I had no conscience. I didnt care about anything.
Makara stopped talking. Samuel had become distant  grieved, in a way. I had to say something, to make her go on.
What caused you to care? I asked.
That did not happen until the next season. There are two seasons in Raider Bluff  winter, and summer. In the summer, you raid. In the winter, you hide inside and try not to freeze to death. That winter, the end of 2059, I told Lisa I was done. But I could not be done. We both knew this. Raiding, once chosen, can never be abandoned. One, because no settlement will take you. And two, because once abandoned, even Raiders wont have you. You either raided, or you starved. It is that simple.
And there was something else I didnt know. Brux had marked me. It was believed, however falsely, that I was his woman. The other raid leaders were afraid of him, so they did not ask me to raid with them next season. There was nothing but to go with Brux again that summer.
When we left Bluff, things went well at first. And then  misfortune upon misfortune. A sandstorm killed two men and buried the first two months of loot. We spent days trying to dig it up, but we had lost it. After that, everything was lean.
Lean? I asked.
Had been picked over already. No loot. She sighed. We trekked north, far from normal raiding territory. For miles and miles we walked, until we reached the Ice Lands. Though it was summer, the nights were deathly cold. But Brux was a risk-taker  he thought there would be people here or, at the least, cities that had not yet been looted. We were trying to find one  called Portland  but we became lost in a Blight.
This was the first Blight Id seen on the West Coast. The trees were twisted and turned. I had seen nothing like it since my original home  Bunker One. One night, we were attacked by a pack of monsters. We killed them, but at great cost. What men did not die in the attack froze or starved on our journey back to southern lands. Somehow, we found our way back  just six of us, out of an original twelve.
In southern lands again, we found food, but little else. Whatever we raided became lost, or went straight to Brux.
We were on I-10, along the caravan routes, hoping for a lucky train that another raid hadnt snatched. But instead, we came upon a sick man  a government man, I could tell, because he wore a Bunker 114 uniform.
Everything had come full circle. I leaned forward as she continued.
Brux stabbed him, and we dragged him off the road and left him for dead. Little did we know that we were so close to Bunker 108. That Bunker ended up taking him in, and that man spread the Blight sickness to everyone there.
Wait, Samuel said. Bunker 108 is gone, too?
I nodded. It is. Im the only survivor.
Samuel looked at me with pity. I tried to ignore that.
So going there is no longer an option, Samuel said. I had hoped to learn more from a certain Dr. Keener. Did you know him?
A flood of emotion overwhelmed me when I heard that name. He was my dad.
Samuels eyes widened. Really? I am deeply sorry. He was a scientist, wasnt he? He studied the xenovirus.
I nodded. He did. He knew a lot, but I dont know as much about it. How do you know about him?
Everyone who has spent any amount of time in Bunker 114 is aware of Dr. Keeners research. From time to time, notes would be sent back and forth between us.
Why were you hoping to speak with him? I asked.
To learn more about this xenovirus. Samuel shook his head. Im sorry, Alex. I will not speak of it anymore.
Its fine, I said.
Makara waited a moment, before picking up where she had left off.
After the incident with the sick man, we headed toward Raider Bluff. We camped on some hills, and waited by the Twin Routes, as we had in the old days. We might yet come back to trade for enough batts to last the winter.
But that night was unusual, because Brux slept deeply. It was even more unusual when I saw a boy crawling into our camp. You can imagine my surprise. With eyes half-opened, I watched as he crept up to Bruxs backpack, picked it up, and simply walked off with it. The backpack with all the batts and Bruxs reserve weapon. Instead of stopping him, I let him go. He disappeared into the darkness. I waited. I saw my chance to get out of there. If the boy would share the batts with me, I could buy my way into one of the towns and never have to raid again. It was a gamble, but my life was not getting any better.
I left the fire, and the raiding life forever. And here I am now, speaking to my brother.
Makara went on to explain everything we had gone throughhow Brux had attacked us again, the attack on the caravan, the sandstorm and the monster that had been outside, the meeting with Ohlan, and our agreement to find the lost patrol and recover its supplies in exchange for citizenship in Oasis  everything up to meeting Samuel.
Next, I told my story  a little of my life in the Bunker, and what had happened with the infection. I kept it brief. Though it was hard, I talked about losing both my father and Khloe. Samuel seemed especially interested when I talked of my fathers research into the xenovirus. I told him what I knew, however little it was. Samuel nodded, as if he had heard most of it already.
I have read all of your fathers research, he said. He makes some interesting observations on the evolution of the xenovirus. Tell me, did he
Youve made him talk enough, Samuel, Makara said. He needs to recover from the week hes had.
I couldnt argue with that. It was all I could do not to fall asleep on the couch.
Alright, Samuel said. Well sleep. In the morning, I can tell you what Ive found out since being here.
We each went to our rooms, and to our beds. I was asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.
Chapter 20

I slept fully and deeply. When I awoke, I was sore all over  especially my legs, which felt like jelly. I stretched them out, and headed to the kitchen to find some breakfast.
As I was warming up a ration in the microwave, I frowned upon seeing a trail of water leading from the hallway into a room on the other side of the kitchen. It definitely hadnt been there yesterday.
I left the hum of the microwave behind, and went to the door. It was open a crack, and dark inside. I paused a moment before tapping it open.
The door opened slightly, revealing Makara, toweling herself off after clearly taking a shower. She was facing away from me, and was naked and dripping wet. I panicked and backed out just as she started to turn.
I didnt think she saw, but still, it was awkward. I hadnt realized that was where she was staying. She had been in a different room yesterday. And from what I saw, that image would be sticking with me for a while.
My face burned as I walked back to the kitchen, where the microwave was beeping. I took out my food. I looked back at the door. Makara was still in there.
She emerged, wearing new clothes  camo pants and a black tank top. Her hair was still wet. She wore a knowing smile.
Showers are down the hall, she said.
I fumbled my tray, nearly spilling my food on the floor. Yeah. Okay.
She looked at me, shaking her head. Youre so cute when youre embarrassed.
II didnt know you were in there. Im sorry. I just saw the water
She rolled her eyes. Shower up. Samuels already in the break room. I think he wants to get started.
Am I the last one up?
Yes. We dont have a lot of time, so try to hurry.
You guys could have woken me up.
We tried. Twice. Like talking to a rock.
I felt my face go red. Fine. Just
She raised an eyebrow.
Ill meet you there.
I practically inhaled my food and headed for the showers. I let the cold water run over me for about two minutes before the shock of it made me step out. I couldnt even get suds. Still, it was better than nothing.
In the shower, I had realized Id forgotten to find some new clothes. However, after getting out, I found a clean set waiting for me on the bench. Makara had snuck in without my realizing it.
I put on the clothes. They fit remarkably well. I guess she had checked me out, at least a little bit, to know what would fit me.
I went into the break room, where Makara and Samuel were already waiting. As soon as I sat, Samuel began his story.
I escaped Lost Angel Headquarters using an underground tunnel. It was hard to pull myself from the rubble, but I managed it. Raine was dead, and you were gone, so I had nothing there.
I tried to find you, Makara. I went to every settlement in Southern California, but none of them had seen you. After a year I had to face the truthyou were gone.
Finally, I settled in Oasis. Ohlan was Raines brother, so I thought it might go well for me there. This was far from the case. I was unhappy. Ohlan runs it like a cult. There have beenkillings. I couldnt find a way out, but thankfully, I was presented with the opportunity.
One day, a patrol from Bunker 114 came by, led by a man named Dr. Luken. A few times a year, Bunker 114 would make contact in order to trade supplies. Ohlan had me stay with him as he brokered a deal between Oasis and 114.
After the meeting, I introduced myself to Luken, telling him about my escape from Bunker One. When he heard of my firsthand experience with the xenovirus, he told me of Bunker 114s research into it. I expressed interest in helping with their efforts. Luken offered me a position, and I accepted.
Ohlan was not happy to see me go, but it was exactly what I needed.
Over the next year, I learned much about the xenovirus. While the basic structure of it is the same, there are various strains  each strain affecting a different species, from microbes to, now, human beings. New strains were always being discovered in the wild. I would often go out to collect samples  there was a Blight about ten miles north of us.
Ive noticed a pattern over the past year, however: the xenovirus is increasingly affecting more complex organisms. I knew from my experience at Bunker One that the xenovirus affected animals. However, I had never seen it here in California.
There were several connections we made  the bigger the Blight, the more complex its ecosystem. Bigger Blights are older; the xenovirus has had more time to evolve and affect greater amounts of life forms. The infestation to the north was growing ever larger, until even the animals were becoming infected.
We saw a great threat in this. Bunker 114, and even Oasis, would be in grave danger at current Blight expansion rates. Our research switched focus from trying to understand the virus to trying to eradicate it.
As part of our research, we brought back a live rat specimen that was infected with the disease. Collecting one was difficult and dangerous, but ultimately successful. It was a nasty creature: hairless, pink, sticky skin, and totally white eyes. The turned rat was brought back to 114 and given into the care of a woman named Kari Wilson.
Here Samuel paused, and gave a long sigh, as if dreading the part that came next.
Dr. Wilson was a brilliant scientist, and my friend. One day, while she was transferring the rat to another cage, it escaped and bit her. We thought it was nothing at first. But she became sick within hours. Apparently, whatever strain of the xenovirus that affected that rat could also affect humans. She left early that night to go to bed.
That morning, she did not join us at breakfast. I and someone else went to check on her in her room. Samuel hesitated a moment before going on. We knocked, but there was no answer. Finally, we opened the door. Kari was lying still, her face completely pale, her eyes open. I knew, without even feeling her pulse, that she was dead.
We immediately quarantined her. We thought long about where to put her, but we eventually decided to cordon off an area in the labs that was not used often.
Dr. Luken wanted to do an autopsy. I protested, but most of the other scientists wanted to know what happened.
So she was there, in the operating room. I could tell she had visibly changed, even from that morning. All her hair had fallen out, and her face became deathly pale, revealing black veins beneath cadaverous skin.
It became clear that she was not truly dead  her arms and legs began to twitch. There was hope that she might be saved. He sighed. Obviously, we were wrong.
Samuel stopped talking. I thought he might go on, but what he had said so far had emotionally drained him. I wouldnt be the one to push him on under those conditions.
Just when I thought he wouldnt speak again, he willed himself to continue.
What resulted was madness, Samuel said. They were able to restrain her, but she had fallen under the full influence of the virus. She was put in the holding cell, originally designed for prisoners. Dr. Luken told us that we were going to study the effects of the xenovirus on Dr. Wilson.
Samuel shook his head. Most agreed with him. I, and a few others, did not. I was the only one to leave. That is why I am the only one alive today. I went to Oasis, but kept everything to myself.
Days later, Oasis received a distress call from 114. There were sounds of a struggle, followed by silence.
I knew what had happened, but Ohlan insisted on sending a team to investigate. Five other men and I were selected for the task.
Even in the few days I had been away, the infestation had grown exponentially. Xenofungus covered the entire north face of Cold Mountain.
The mission was a disaster. Kari ambushed us at the entrance of the cave. There I got my first look at her. She had grown to twice her size, probably from having fed on the scientists who lived in 114. Whoever she had been was gone now. Her face was twisted, grotesque, and she stank of death. Blood and flesh stained her mouth, where long, sharp teeth protruded. She had long claws, extending from elongated fingers. And those eyes  I will never forget those completely white eyes staring into me.
I was able to escape only by running into the cave, toward the Bunker. There was another with me, but he did not get his mask on in time when we reached the area with the fungal spores. He was knocked out, and Kari dragged him away.
I ran into the Bunker, directly to the dorms. There was only one entrance and exit, so I sealed the door, and locked it tight.
That was two weeks ago. Ive been here ever since. The power still works, and there is enough food to last me months. I thought of leaving earlier, but I wanted to take the opportunity while I was here to learn more about what happened after I left.
In the research database, I found Doctor Lukens research notes  the first description, however brief, of the human xenovirus.
The notes detailed Karis transformation from human tosomething else. Infection, sickness, followed by a comatose state, and then a reawakening brought about by a physical stimulus. It was noted, even after the transformation, that Kari would not move unless there was something alive in the vicinity.
Luken described pre-infection as Stage 0. Infection was stage 1. The coma was stage 2. And the final stage  stage 3  was where Kari was no longer human.
I will not go into the details of how this virus works on all its levels. I am only concerned with telling you its ultimate purpose. As with any virus, that purpose is to self-replicate, and it accomplishes this by directing the host to attack all living things in sight. Live specimens were given to Kari, to feed upon. She ate them alive, and only grew stronger. Her biomass increased  not just her weight, but her skeletal structure, her muscles, her hunger.
Eventually, it became too much. She was able to use her strength to break free from her cell. They should have killed her while they had the chance.
I hadnt said a word up to this point. It was hard not to be sick at what I heard.
So thatthing Makara shook her head. Its still alive?
Samuel nodded. Yes, very much so. I dont know exactly where she is. But she is most likely by the elevators. After all, that is probably where all the people ran.
I tried not to focus on the picture that popped into my mind  Kari, gnawing on human flesh and bone in the darkness.
Buthow are we supposed to get out? I asked. Surely there must be a way.
There are only two ways, Samuel said. One is the tunnel, but the exit is surrounded by the sleeping spores. There is only one gas mask. And it is not as if that area is safe, either; after all, I had come in that way on my return to Bunker 114, only to be ambushed by Kari. Of the six men, I was the only one who survived.
Wouldnt the elevators be worse, though? I asked.
The elevators are our only option. We will have to climb up the shaft and take one of the vehicles out.
Vehicles? Makara asked.
Samuel nodded. There are several Recons in the motor pool near the top of the mountain. We could use one of those. They run on hydrogen and are all-terrain.
Bunker 108 had a Recon, but it was hardly ever used because of the attention it would draw to the Bunker.
Look, I said, a Recon sounds fine and all, but it will be of no use if were all dead. What about those gas masks your patrol was wearing? I could go out, get them, and bring them back for everyone to use. Wouldnt it be safer to get into the motor pool from the outside?
It is impossible to reach it from outside. Everything is locked tight, and its a long way to walk. I wish it were that easy. And I have another reason why we need to exit by the elevator.
Thats obvious, Makara said. Free Recons. If we could each grab one, wed be rich.
I have another purpose in mind, Samuel said.
Of course you do, Makara said, sitting back.
While researching the xenovirus, I discovered a curious citation in the databanks, by a certain Dr. Cornelius Ashton.
Makara looked up. Cornelius Ashton? That name sounds familiar for some reason.
Because he lived and researched at Bunker One. He is the author of a set of research papers called the Black Files.
My ears perked at that. The Black FilesIve heard my dad talk about them. Hed wanted to get his hands on those for years.
Samuel nodded. The Black Files contain a wealth of information about the xenovirus that was lost when Bunker One fell. No one thought to save the data and transport it back west. Samuel sighed. To think of all that informationthere may even be something about a cure, or how to stop Blights from growing.
How do you know if such information might be in the Files? Makara asked. Sounds like wishful thinking to me.
I dont know, Samuel said. Dr. Luken and Dr. Keener both certainly seemed to think they held something. The way Dr. Luken describes it in his notes Samuel shook his head. Though much of our knowledge of the xenovirus comes from the Black Files, no one I know has ever actually read them. Think about it, Makara: the xenovirus was in a higher state of evolution while we were living in Bunker One in Colorado than it is here now in California. With their personnel and resources, Bunker One would have had an amazing amount of research.
Makara and I looked at each other. I had no idea what any of this meant, and why it meant we had to sneak past Kari, climb up a long elevator shaft in the darkness, and commandeer a Recon.
Samuel, Makara said. What are you saying?
Think about it, Samuel said. We may finally know the origins of the xenovirus. Where it came from. How to stop it. Answers we cannot find here.
Oh no, Makara said. Samuel
Dont tell me I said.
Samuel looked at Makara, then me.
We have to go back, Samuel said. We have to find Bunker One.
Chapter 21

No one said anything for a long while. What Samuel had just said was unthinkable. Find Bunker One? It sounded like suicide, crossing a thousand miles of desert. And once we got there, the monsters might still be lurking in the darkness of the United States main Bunker, even over a decade later.
It was Makara who spoke first.
What do you mean, go back? Even with a Recon, thats a lot of open terrain to cover. And winter is coming on. How do we even find
Im not pretending to know all the answers, Samuel said. I really do believe that the xenovirus could take over the world. The Blights have grown for all our lives with no sign of abatement. I fear that it could engulf the entire planet if no one does anything.
So, I said, were the heroes, now?
I cant do this alone, Alex, Samuel said. If not us, who will?
I paused. I just wanted to be in a town with plenty of food and safety. I was tired of this running around. But this xenovirus had already ended two of the final four Bunkers in the last week. We were down to two now, and I didnt even know where those were.
How long before entire towns were leveled? And who in the world, besides us, knew about the true threat the xenovirus posed? Both research facilities were gone. Maybe they had been the only two left in the world.
This could be nothing, Makara said. Do you really want to risk our lives traveling one thousand miles across the desert and mountains with winter coming on, especially when there is no guarantee that the Black Files will contain useful information? And, need I remind you, at the time of year when Raiders are returning to Bluff?
Yes. We have to take that chance, because no one else will.
Makara folded her arms and scowled. She didnt like this, and I didnt blame her. I wasnt sure I liked it, either. But I saw Samuels point. If we could find a cure for this thing, wouldnt it be worth all that trouble?
Makara cast me a worried look. I wondered what she was thinking.
Return with us to Oasis, Samuel, Makara said. We can wait out the worst of the winter behind walls. When spring comes, we can go.
Samuel frowned. He did not like that idea.
That takes too much time, he said. Besides, Ohlan is a weasel and I do not trust him.
No argument there, I said.
So what do we do? Makara asked.
If neither of you can go, Samuel said, then the both of you should return to Oasis. I will head to Cheyenne alone.
Makara shook her head. No.
A thousand questions crossed my mind. Was I going to Colorado? How would we find it? Where would we find food? How would we survive the winter? How would we even escape Bunker 114?
First, lets talk about getting out of here, I said. The rest is pointless if we end up dying in this place.
I agree, Samuel said. Sometimes, I think too far ahead.
Makara leaned forward. So how do we get to the motor pool?
We have to leave this section of the Bunker, Samuel said. Travel the corridors, until we reach the elevators. Theyre located in the power plant. Large reactors take up the entire floor, and theres a bridge we can take over them. Obviously, the elevators wont work, but we can climb the shaft until we reach the Nest, near the peak of Cold Mountain. The Nest was actually the main entrance to Bunker 114 when the first refugees came in, but the area has been closed off now for a long time. However, the motor pool is there. There is access to a mountain road that, with luck, will not be buried by rock, sand, and snow. Even so, a Recon should handle it.
How do we know the Recons still work? Makara asked.
Theyre too valuable an asset for 114 to have let them fall into disrepair. They will be running fine.
I hope so, Makara said.
The only part that worries me is getting past Kari, Samuel said.
I gave a short laugh. At least youre only worried. It kind of takes my absolutely terrified down a notch.
Seriously, Makara said. How do we get past a monster that leveled an entire Bunker?
The best idea is not to fight, Samuel said. Infected creatures, whatever they are, only move when given a reason. Loud noises will only attract more of them.
And just how do we kill something that big without guns? Makara asked.
If it comes down to it, well shoot, Samuel said. They fall just like we do. They might have a great deal more pain tolerance, but a sure way is to go for the head.
So if we have to fight this thing, aim for the head? I asked.
Samuel nodded. If we do this right, we shouldnt have to even fight. All the same, it pays to be prepared.
What else do I need to know? I asked.
Nothing. Just follow my lead. Thankfully, were in the dorms, so there will be plenty of supplies  everything we will need in the future. Warm clothing, food, and spare ammunition are a must. Colorado is a long way, and I dont mean to die on the journey.
Good, Makara said. Lets suit up.

***

Samuel returned us our old packs. Id almost forgotten about them. All that ammunition, and of course the batts, would be useful later.
We went through the rooms, Makara listing all the things we would need on the road: cold weather gear, food, extra weapons. In the dorms there were plenty of clothes. I found a heavy desert camo jacket, a beanie, gloves, and thermal underwear. If it was already this cold, it was hard to imagine what winter would be like in a couple months.
Whatever room was left over we filled with food and ammunition. I carried the food, Makara the ammunition. Samuel had miscellaneous supplies: a handheld radio, a lighter, a small stove, among other things we would need topside. He easily carried the most of all of us, but he was also the strongest.
I found myself a long, serrated combat knife. It attached right onto my belt, opposite my Beretta. I also grabbed a few extra boxes of 9mm rounds.
All packed, we met in front of the vault door out of the dormitories. Everything felt heavy on my shoulders.
Alright, Samuel said. Im opening the door.
A chill passed over me. When Makara got out her knife, I took mine out also. I tried my best to suppress my nervousness, but it was a losing battle.
Just follow my lead, Makara said.
I said nothing as Samuel turned the wheel that would unlock the door. Makaras face was calm, ready. I wondered how she could be so cool and collected.
The door creaked open, echoing in the outside corridor. Unlike where we stood, where it was light and ordered, the outside was dark and chaotic. Loose papers, broken electronics, and snapped lines all littered the corridor. Blood stained the walls and streaked the floors. A rotten musk hung in the air. Ahead of us, the corridor angled ninety degrees to the right. A painted, yellow arrow pointed, reading Exit.
Follow me, Samuel said. And stay quiet.
Samuel walked out, and we followed him.
We rounded the corner, and Makaras flashlight clicked on. It looked like we were at the scene of a grisly murder. There was blood everywhere  the walls, the floor, the doors. It was as if the creature had consciously painted everything red to mark its territory. In the corners grew tufts of pink fungus.
It was quiet, and cold. There was a deadening of sound, and our footsteps did not echo but stopped at the walls.
We walked for several minutes until we came to an intersection. A rush of cold wind blew through the deserted corridor. From where it came, I could not tell. But it was not natural.
Samuel held his hand up, warning us to hang back. We did so, and he crept up to the corridors crossing. He stood in the middle of it for a moment before something massive rushed past in a blur. It snatched Samuel as it scuttled past on multiple legs. Samuel grunted, and was gone from sight.
Samuel! Makara yelled.
She ran into the darkness. I was right behind her. We turned in the direction Samuel had been taken.
But the hallway was empty.
I pointed to the floor. A trail of a clear liquid led to an open doorway on our right. It looked like he had been dragged in.
Makara ran, and I followed her. I held my gun in front of me.
We had entered a common area. A pool table sat in front of us, and a large television screen, shattered, sat in the corner. Makara shot the flashlight beam around the room.
The wind blew again, chilling me to the bone. I spun around, but there was nothing but darkness.
This way, Makara said.
I followed Makara across a room where broken glass crunched under our boots. The walls were colored pink with fungus. In a far, dark corner of the room, I saw the outlines of a couch. And on the couch, a body.
Makara and I ran up to it. It was Samuel, and his entire body was wrapped in a thin, white coating ofsomething.
Samuel! Makara hissed.
What happened? I asked. Where is that thing?
Samuel stared past us, at the ceiling. Darkness swept over the floor beneath us. A cold wind tickled the back of my neck from above.
I looked up to see an enormous spider.
Makara screamed.
As I aimed my Beretta, the thing opened its mouth, revealing a long stinger that was curved and bladelike. From the end, liquid dripped  probably poison. It screeched as it swiped it at me. I dodged just in time.
At the same time, a hairy, muscular leg clobbered me. The force was so great that I fell and rolled to the other side of the room, where I hit the wall.
I struggled to get up. The arachnid was huge, standing on eight legs, each one the height of a person. It was covered with sticky, pink flesh. A pool of slime collected beneath its body, dripping from its mouth, its fangs, its many white eyes. Two large, serrated pincers opened and closed, longing for a taste of either of us. And the blade set in its mouth was cruel and pointed, flexing back and forth.
With me out of the way, the creature knocked Makara to the ground. It moved over her, its fangs opening, sharp blade arching back.
I got up, doing my best to hold my gun steady. I started shooting.
Bam. Bam. Bam.
The shots reverberated in the room, deafening me. The creature squealed. I had shot it multiple times on its side, but the shots hardly made a dent  purple liquid oozed from the wounds, running down the monsters legs. The arachnid convulsed and turned to face me. It scuttled toward me, its pincers chomping open and closed.
I shot again, hitting it in an eye. It screamed in pain  on its breath I could smell the rot of other victims. Still, it crawled closer, mere feet away.
I shot, over and over, right into its face. When it opened its pincers, the creature revealed the inside its mouth and rows of long, pointed teeth.
I shot into that maw, and the spider went rigid. I jumped out of the way and continued to shoot, aiming at the head. The hideous creature crawled on its belly toward me. Finally, the magazine was empty. I wouldnt even have time to switch it out. The thing was almost upon me.
I got out my knife, stabbing into the things head, over and over. It shuddered before lying on the ground. It was dead.
I retrieved my knife. It was coated in purple slime.
I wiped it on some nearby furniture and ran to Makara, who was lying on the floor. I knelt beside her, and shook her by the shoulders.
Makara! Makara!
Her eyes opened.
I looked all over her body, but saw no wound.
Can you stand?
ImIm fine. I just do not care for spiders.
She began to sit up, and crawled to the couch where Samuel was. I helped her over to him.
Makara, he said.
Samuel, you idiot, why did you go ahead? What were you thinking?
Samuel shook his head. Im sorry. I saw something and didnt want to risk everyone. He struggled to move. Can you get me out of this damn thing?
What is it? I asked.
Spider silk, Makara said. Luckily it isnt too thick. It shouldnt take long to pull off.
For the next few minutes, we cut and tore at the spider thread. Soon, Samuel burst out and stood next to us, and began to pull the icky stuff off his clothes.
Im glad it didnt bite me, he said. I would have never imagined such a thing could grow to that size.
This xenovirus can do some very scary things, I said.
Makara nodded her agreement. I just wonder what else is in this place.
As Samuel led us out of the room, I had the feeling we were about to find out.
Chapter 22

Before leaving the room, I switched out my Berettas magazine. I had a feeling I would be using it before long.
Go left here, Samuel said.
We turned. This entire side of the Bunker had been completely taken over by the xenovirus. The floor was carpeted in pink and purple fungus and strange stalactites hung from the ceiling, dripping slimy liquid. We did our best to avoid them.
When we turned into a long hallway, my breath caught at the sight before me. We had entered a gigantic chamber and now stood on a metal bridge spanning darkness. Below, the shapes of large machines, now dark and defunct, filled the cavernous space. These had been the nuclear reactors that had once powered the entire Bunker. They were offline now  the dorms must have been running on a backup source of some sort.
Across the bridge were three sets of metal doors.
The elevators are ahead, Samuel said.
We started across the bridge, our footfalls echoing hard off the metal.
We were a third of the way across when a massive shape sailed through the air from one of the machines. It plummeted onto the bridge right in front of us.
It was a giant humanoid, probably three times the height of a person. Sickly pink flesh covered its entire body without a trace of hair. Long claws extended from its massive hands. Its eyes were narrow slits, white and glowing. Muscles bulged under sinewy skin, ready to inflict destruction. Bloody gashes, dripping purple goo, writhed up and down its body. Its reek made me feel as if a tsunami of raw sewage was washing over me.
A low rumble sounded from its throat.
Kari, Samuel said.
Kari charged. Makara lifted her gun and fired, six times, but hitting only the monsters muscular chest. All of the shots penetrated, but did nothing to slow her. Samuel also fired a few shots, but only managed to hit Karis shoulder.
I aimed my gun for the head.
Bam. Bam.
I missed twice. She was near, and took a swipe for my gun. It clattered to the grated metal bridge and slid away, almost falling off the edge.
Makara worked to reload, but the beast had turned on her. Makara pulled out her knife and took a swing, her face grim. She made two deep slashes on Karis abdomen. The creature screamed, and slammed against Makara. Makara banged against the handrail, wincing in pain.
I dropped to the floor to get my gun. But somehow Kari saw me. As she turned to go after me, Makara stabbed her in the leg.
Kari howled, the thick muscles under her thin skin flexing. Purple slime surged from her wounds. She swung her right arm in a wide arc, pummeling Makara on the shoulder. Makara dropped her gun, the force of the blow knocking her hard against the railing  so hard that she was being pushed over the edge of it.
This time she was going to fall.
No!
I ran forward, but Samuel got there first. He grabbed Makaras hands, pulling her back. Kari roared, rearing high on her legs. She raised her right arm, readying a swipe to finish them both.
I charged, going for Karis giant legs. My shoulder met the mass of flesh and muscle. Karis knees buckled and her knees slammed onto the bridge.
I heard foreboding creaks ring out from both sides of the chasm.
The bridge is going to fall! I shouted.
Makara and I grabbed Samuel and ran for the elevators.
We ran as fast as we could, Samuel loping along. He started running too, outpacing the both of us.
The bridge began to fall. Samuel and Makara reached the landing in front of the elevators, but I felt the bridge falling from under me. Kari was just steps behind. I jumped, sailing through the air. Makara reached out for me. Samuel grabbed her from the back. When I landed in Makaras arms, she held on tight. Samuel pulled mightily backward on Makara, causing me to fall forward onto her and safely onto the landing.
Behind, I heard Kari let out a horrible shriek that echoed throughout the chamber. I turned to see her flailing on the bridge, getting entangled in it. There was a massive crash as the bridge hit the bottom floor.
We lay there for a while, catching our breaths. I couldnt believe we were still alive.
Samuel stood, and walked toward the edge of the platform.
She is at peace, now, he said.
Samuel walked past us to the elevator doors. With his powerful arms and shoulders, he forced them open. He went inside, reached for the ceiling, and opened the escape hatch.
After all we had been through, especially after surviving Kari, climbing the elevator shaft was easy. We took frequent breaks. I didnt know how high it was, but we were climbing the ladder for at least thirty minutes.
When we reached the top, I saw that the elevator doors were already halfway open. Bracing his feet against the side of the ladder, Samuel was able to push the doors further apart, just enough so that we could all squeeze through.
I was the last one up, and when I walked through the doors, I found a foyer lined with dust. The room was circular in shape, and a long, wide corridor sloping upward led out.
Makara shined her flashlight ahead.
This is the Nest, Samuel said. The motor pool will be by the front entrance.
The place, apart from the dust, was surprisingly clean. Samuel was right; no one had been here in a long, long time. However, there was a thin trail running through the dust to a heavy side door. Some people had come through here, although it hadnt been anytime recently.
Thats the way in, Samuel said. Just a few minutes more, and well be out of here.
We were in the front entry hall. I imagined what it must have been like, all those thirty years ago, when the panicked refugees had filed in to go down those elevators and never come back up.
There was a keycard slot next to the door, but when Samuel tried the latch the door opened right up.
We stepped into the motor pool. It was so dark that it was all Makaras flashlight could do to illumine the place. The place smelled of oil and machinery. It reminded me of our own motor pool at Bunker 108.
Then we saw them. There were three Recons, all lined up and facing outward toward large, pull-up garage doors. They each had four wheels with thick, serrated all-terrain tires, and plenty of suspension to hold up the chassis. Each one was a light brown desert camo, and the cabs were thin and aerodynamic, hanging low to the ground. These things were built for speed. There looked to be enough room for four people in each. A turret was mounted on top of each Recon, from which pointed the barrel of a long machine gun. The guns height above the Recon meant it had 360-degree rotation and would have no problem shooting over the cab. Below the machine gun was a sizeable space for cargo. The hydrogen fuel tank would be in there, right behind the cab.
Wicked, I said.
Lets check them out, Samuel said.
We inspected all three. Each ones cargo bay was filled with parts, a couple of spare tires, tools, and even some rations and water. The hydrogen fuel tank was set into the wall on the right-hand side of the cargo bay. A glass pane revealed water inside the metal, cylindrical tank. Below the tank, machinery pressurized and converted the water into hydrogen and oxygen. The hydrogen would feed into the yellow fuel lines that led to the engine. The exhaust, consisting of oxygen and water vapor, would be emitted into the air outside. The hydrogen pressure tank would have to have been kept here, being too large to fit anywhere else.
Various shelves lined both sides of the cargo bay, and two lockers sat opposite of the fuel tank  probably designed for weapon storage. To the right of the lockers was a metal ladder, leading to a hatch in the ceiling. This was the access to the turret above.
Very cool, I said.
We gathered all we could into the center Recons cargo bay. While filling it up, I noticed that there was another hatch at the very front of the bay, leading to the cab. I went to try the latch, but found it locked.
Maybe I could open it from the other side. I left the Recon, went around the vehicle to the passenger door, and opened it up. Two low seats were in the front of the cab, along with a retractable jump seat in the middle. A long, single seat was in the back of the cab with enough space to seat three people. But the middle part of that seat was the coolest feature of the Recon, in my opinion. It looked designed to fold up, and after seeing the hatch in the cargo bay, I knew exactly why.
I opened the cab door and pulled myself into the Recon. I placed two hands on either side of the retractable seat, pushing it up and folding it. As I did so, it clicked. The seat swung outward, into the cargo bay, where both Makara and Samuel looked up at me in surprise.
Whats up?
Makara chuckled, but Samuel was not as amused. We need to hustle. Therell be time for exploration later.
I nodded. He was probably right. But at the same time, this Recon gave us a lot of tools to work with. That is, if we could get it out of this garage and down the mountain.
I walked into the cargo bay and pushed the hatch into the wall. It clicked shut. I tried the latch again, finding that it opened right up this time. It had somehow unlocked on its own when I opened it from the other side. Why this interior hatch would need a lock in the first place, I had no idea.
We all hopped out of the cargo bay and into the garage.
Needs a key to start, though, I said.
Theyre over here, on the wall, Samuel said, taking one down. This one should do it.
I held out my hands. Instead of tossing it to me, he handed it off to Makara.
Hey, I said.
You dont know how to drive, Makara said.
And you do?
Its been a while, but yeah. The Lost Angels had a Recon, so I know how to pilot it.
I want to learn.
Maybe later. Makara put an index finger to her chin. She needs a name.
Everyone stopped, and thought a moment.
Well think of something later, Samuel said. A good name is important. We have to get it right.
Makara nodded. Youre right. Have we got everything?
I think so, Samuel said. Fire her up. Alex, help me with the garage door.
Makara opened the drivers door and hopped in. The Recon started with a roar that faded into a low hum. The hum came from behind the cab, where the hydrogen fuel tank was building pressure.
Samuel and I unlatched the garage door, pulling it up to reveal the outside. Light flooded the garage, blinding me for a moment. The cold mountain air rushed in, stinging my face with cold.
When my eyes adjusted, I was startled to see the sky above, not a dull red, but a blue violet. We were above the low-hanging clouds.
Directly above, I saw the sun for the first time in my life.
I didnt have time to enjoy it, though. Samuel tapped me on the shoulder. He pointed down the disused road curving around the mountain. My eyes narrowed.
Walking up the path were five men, maybe two hundred yards away. They stopped, clearly seeing us.
Inside the Recon, Samuel said. Now.
We ran into the garage as the first shots were fired.
I had no idea how, but Brux had found us.
Chapter 23

We piled in the Recon. Makara turned on us.
How the hell did they know we were here?
I dont know, I said. Just drive!
Makara shifted into drive and floored it. The engine roared and the pressure tank behind us hummed. The tires squealed on the pavement as the Recon roared onto the dirt road covered with snow.
Careful, Samuel said. This road is narrow.
Theyre straight ahead, I said. Makara, I dont think you should
Get down, she said.
The Raiders opened fire on us. Bullets dinged off the hood and hit the windshield. Three bullets cracked the glass.
Here we go, she said.
I heard men yelling from the sides of the vehicle, but no telltale squishy bumps.
The guns fired a few more times, but we were in the clear. We sped past them.
Next stop, Bunker One, Makara said.
Makara, I said, dont ever try that again.
She cracked a smile. It worked, didnt it?
Yeah, but you couldve been shot.
She shrugged. Are you really complaining here?
I sighed. I guess you have a point.
We rounded a bend. Thick red clouds spread below us like a blanket, and mountaintops poked through in jagged peaks. We would be entering those clouds soon. Already they were closer.
A few minutes later, we were in the dense, red fog. Makara turned on the headlights, but the lights only let us see a few yards ahead.
I dont see how they found us, I said.
Maybe they werent trying, Makara said. Theyre hunting for loot to take back. Now that Bunker 114 is down, maybe they thought it would be easy pickings. She shook her head. Idiots.
Makara slowed down. The entire right side was sheer cliff, and falling off would mean death.
It was after we had gone down several switchbacks that I noticed two pairs of headlights above us.
Shit, I said. They followed us!
I couldnt believe Id forgotten about those other two vehicles. Of course this wasnt over yet.
Im afraid you will have to drive fast now, Makara, Samuel said. Im going in the back to man the turret.
Get back there, Makara said. And be careful.
Samuel disappeared into the back. A few seconds later, he started firing.
A spray of bullets showered the road ahead of us from above. We took a tight turn, forcing everyone to the left. The entire Recon shook with the effort.
I got out my Beretta, not knowing what good it would do me in this vehicle. The other Recons were two switchbacks above us.
Cant we go faster? I asked.
Makaras look was venomous. If you want to slip on the ice and snow and fall to our deaths, then yeahwe can go faster.
Good point.
The first Recon rounded the bend right behind us. Samuel fired. The hood of the other vehicle became riddled with bullet-holes. A Raider leaned out the passengers window and fired toward us.
Makara swerved around a tight bend, and the back tires lost traction. We were heading toward the cliff. At the last moment, Makara floored it, and we surged ahead onto the next downward slope. I thought my heart was going to beat out of my chest.
The next Recon tried the same thing, only it was going too fast. As it fishtailed, the back tires fell off the slope. The entire vehicle slid backward, its front tires squealing like some dying thing.
As we rounded the next bend, we were just in time to see the Raiders first Recon topple onto the road ahead of us.
Makara slammed on the brakes as Samuel fired a hail of bullets at the other Recon, just one switchback above us. The downed Recon crashed into the road ahead, did a half flip, and continued to roll down the mountainside.
Theyre done, I said.
A moment later, the vehicle exploded in a violent plume of fire, crashing into a giant rock jutting out from the mountain.
Lets hope Brux was in there, Makara said.
But that was not to be. The other Recon swerved around the corner. Brux  the man with the blond crew cut and long scar  was seated in the passengers seat, recognizable even in my side-mirror view. While the drivers eyes were wide and fearful, Bruxs were murderous.
We exited the layer of red fog, finding ourselves very close to the desert floor. The snow cover gave way to red rock, dirt, and the barren Wasteland. We made one final turn, and ahead lay a straight stretch to the desert flatland.
I heard a pop. I turned, and the low hum of the pressure chamber became a high whir. The pressure needle on the fuel gauge fell abruptly.
They must have hit something, Makara said. Were losing pressure.
What does that mean?
It means were going nowhere.
Behind us, after another round of shooting, I heard Bruxs Recon squeal. Samuel had blown out one of the tires. The vehicle swerved and flipped on its side. It slid down the hill, past us, even as our Recon slowed to a halt and the electronics powered down.
Makara braked, bringing our Recon to a halt. She hopped out of the vehicle, pointing her pistol at Bruxs vehicle, the bottom of which now faced us.
I got out on my side, and followed Makaras example, pointing my gun at the Raiders crashed Recon. Samuel faced the turret toward the downed Recon.
It was time to meet Brux.
Chapter 24

Nothing happened for a full minute. We just stood there, pointing our guns, waiting for anyone to come out. The wind blew dust across the scene.
I was beginning to think they might be dead.
But quick as a flash, Brux showed himself and fired a few shots. Above us, we heard Samuel give a loud yell.
Brux slipped behind the downed Recon, a smirk on his lips.
Samuel! Makara said.
Samuel had grabbed at his shoulder and dropped inside the cargo bay. Makara and I jumped inside. He was sitting in the corner next to some supplies, holding his right shoulder and grimacing.
Oh my God, Makara said.
She pulled down the first aid kit hanging on the wall.
Samuel winced. Put pressure on the wound
Makara ripped open her bag, taking out a shirt. She pressed it to the wound, where blood gushed out at an alarming rate. Makara put her full weight on it. Samuel groaned.
Alex, find the congealing agent, she said.
I opened the first aid kid and dug through it. I found a tube of liquid labeled congealer.
This it?
Makara snatched it from me. She took away the shirt, and squeezed the clear jelly onto the wound. Samuel hissed with pain. She put pressure back on the wound.
That should help, she said.
Samuel waved her away. Its nothing. Let me hold that shirt.
Samuel, youre in no state
He pushed her off with surprising strength and took the shirt. I will be fine for the next few minutes. You have to deal with Brux.
Makara nodded. Youre right. But how?
I was afraid to step out of the cargo bay. Surely, their sights would be trained on the back. Likewise, if we used the hatch to go up front, we would be in danger. They might not expect us to go out that way as much, but the element of surprise would be gone as soon as they spotted us, and wed be in the same position. In short, stepping outside was sure death.
I have an idea, I said.
Both Makara and Samuel looked at me.
The pressure tankhas it lost all pressure?
No, Samuel said. There should be some fuel left.
Dont strain yourself, Samuel. She turned to me. Alex, whats your idea?
Hydrogen. I tapped the tank. Theres still plenty of it in reserve. If we can take the tank and throw it out the back, it will roll down the hill. If one of us shoots it
Samuel smiled. Boom.
But how will we get away without our own pressure tank? Makara asked.
We can salvage the tank off the other Recon afterward.
If it doesnt blow up in the process, Makara said.
Thats a risk well have to take, I said. This is our only option.
Makara nodded. Lets do it.
Getting it out was easy  the pressure tanks were meant to be easily installed and removed. The thing was heavy. As soon as it disconnected from its stand and we unscrewed the fuel lines, the hydrogen air hissed into the Recons cargo bay.
Is there some sort of valve? Samuel asked.
Makara hurriedly found the fuel lines valve, twisting it tight and stemming the hydrogen from flowing back into the bay.
It took both me and Makara lifting the fuel tank to get it to the back of the Recon.
We looked at each other.
Ready? I asked.
Makara nodded. Lets hope this works.
We tossed it out, making sure it was horizontal to the slope. We gave a few seconds for the thing to roll down the hill.
Now, I said.
Makara stepped out the back, and started to fire. I jumped onto the turret, and didnt bother with the heavy gun. I aimed my Beretta toward the tank.
They were hiding. We met no resistance as I opened fire.
Mine and Makaras bullets connected. The hydrogen tank struck the downed vehicle squarely in its side. None of our bullets had yet penetrated its casing. I shot again. This time, it did work. The tank lit up like a torch. A giant mushroom of fire shot upward, forcing the downed Recon backward, causing it to roll on its top.
I jumped down from the turret as Makara joined me. It was time to use the distraction to finish the job.
As we circled around the downed vehicle, we found both Brux and his crony lying on the ground. The crony lifted a pistol. I shot him dead before he had the chance to fire. He went limp against the earth.
Brux was a few feet off, his skin cracked and charred. His entire body shook. He reached for his gun, just a few feet off. Makara kicked it far away.
MaMakara Brux said, lifting an arm in surrender.
Behind us, the fire of our improvised bomb still crackled. It was nowhere near this Recons hydrogen tank, so we were safe for now.
Makara walked by his head, pointing her gun down. Dont try anything, Brux. Youve had your time to try.
II wont. Pleasehave mercy on me, Makara. Im sorry. Take me back to BluffIll give you batts, anything you want.
Makara scowled as she considered. Surely, she couldnt be
Bam.
The bullet went right into Bruxs forehead. His entire body stiffened, then grew still. His vacant eyes stared upward.
The wind blew cold as Makara spat on his face.
Come on, she said. We need to rescue that other tank.
I followed Makara into the upside-down Recon. Thankfully, the cargo bay had been left wide open. I twisted the fuel line valve shut, and together, Makara and I removed the tank.
Lets get out of here, Makara said.
We jumped out of the Recon and ran back uphill, lugging the tank with us. It was slow work, but eventually we managed to lift it into our Recons cargo bay. We set it onto its stand, reconnecting the fuel line. But we still had to figure out how our Recon had lost pressure in the first place. Hopefully, the problem had been with the tank itself. If so, the Recon would start up just fine.
Makara, however, was now focused on Samuel. His bleeding had slowed, but his face was pale. If he did not get medical attention soon, the bullet would eventually take his life.
Makara put a hand on Samuels shoulder.
Samuel forced a smile. Its nothing.
Humph. She looked toward me. Lets get him up front.
Makara and I moved him to the passengers seat. As Makara slid into the drivers side, I sat in the middle jump seat.
Youre in charge of watching him, Makara said. Lets hope she starts up.
Makara turned the key, and thankfully, the engine roared to life. As soon as I heard the engine idle, and the pressure tank hum, I knew what her name would be.
Khloe, I said.
Makara raised an eyebrow. Khloe? Thats not a tough name for a Recon.
Youre wrong. Its the toughest name I know.
She looked at me for a moment, and nodded. Khloe it is.
Samuels eyes closed as Makara drove Khloe east. We sped across the flat Wasteland, Cold Mountain a shadowy mass behind us. I had never gone so fast before, and seeing the land pass by in a dark blur was surreal. On our left, a couple of infected wolves fed upon the body of a fallen antelope. As we passed, they sped after us, oblivious of any danger to themselves. We quickly left them in our dust.
I shook my head. The first normal animal I see ends up being eaten by some infected wolves. Figures.
Beside us, Samuel was still.
Is he alright? I asked.
Makara watched him for a moment. Let him rest. He will need it.
He needs medical attention.
You think I dont know that? We will be there by tonight.
Where?
Youre not going to like it.
Oh, no. Not Oasis.
Guess again.
I thought about it, but nothing came to mind. Surely not L.A. That was too far. But where else could she
Samuel spoke, his voice raspy.
Dont tell me were going to Raider Bluff, little sister.
Makara smiled grimly. Its the homecoming weve all been waiting for. I have a favor to call in.
What? I asked. Youre not serious.
Its the only place I know with a doctor, Makara said. I dont like it, but its the only option.
The cab was quiet for a moment. Finally, Samuel gave a long, tired sigh.
Lead on.
I thought we were out of the fire, but now, we were going into the furnace. Makara pressed on the accelerator, as if to defiantly meet that inevitability.
We surged ahead. As the miles passed us by, I wondered if I would be fighting for survival for the rest of my life. Even if I was, I had a new purpose that went beyond mere survival. I realized that Samuel was right. We needed to find Bunker One. We needed to find the Black Files. My father had never been able to finish his research on the xenovirus, but maybe I could help him carry on his legacy. I needed to do what I could to stop it, even if seemed impossible.
As Samuel held his shoulder, relaxing against the passengers side window, I knew we had more immediate concerns. If we didnt make it to Raider Bluff and find a doctor, our newfound mission would be over before it even began. And maybe the world would be over, too.
As I watched the Wasteland pass, even as we made enormous speed, Cheyenne Mountain and Bunker One had never seemed farther away.
About the Author

Kyle West is a science fiction author living in Oklahoma City. He is currently working on The Wasteland Chronicles series, of which there will be seven installments. Books 2-5 are already available, and Book 6 will come out in Spring of 2014. Find out immediately when his next book is released by signing up for The Wasteland Chronicles Mailing List. Stay tuned for a preview of Origins...

Contact

Facebook
Twitter
Goodreads
Blog
kylewestwriter[at]gmail[dot]com
Origins Preview

Samuel was dying.
We had left Bunker 114 and Cold Mountain behind hours ago and darkness cloaked the Wasteland. As we sped east toward Raider Bluff, I wondered if Bruxs parting shot meant our mission had failed before it even began.
Samuels eyes had remained closed for almost the entire journey. Wet blood soaked his right shoulder. The congealing agent had slowed the bleeding somewhat, but he wouldn't last for long. We had to find someone who could remove the bullet and stop the bleeding. If we couldnt, either Makara or I would have to do it.
The Recons bright blue lights pushed back the night, letting us see ahead in a wide arc. Thirty years of red dust covered most parts of the highway. We zoomed past decrepit buildings, ghost towns, and mangled road signs, the skeletal remains of Ragnarok.
Makara was speeding as fast as the heavy Recon would go  about fifty-five miles per hour, the wheels churning to get us to our destination.
I just didnt know if it was fast enough.
When the highway turned south, a wide dark river became visible to our left, flowing south.
We hit the Colorado, Makara said.
It was more water than Id ever seen in my life. Id read about the Colorado River in the Bunker 108 archive. It had once been an important river in the Old World, but overuse had dried it up. Now the river was wide  so wide, in fact, that I couldnt see the other side in the darkness. Above the river on the opposite bank, high up, rose Raider Bluff. The citys yellow lights glowed dimly with distance, almost unmoving even with the Recons speed.
At last, the road turned left, toward the river. A bridge of tall arches spanned the water.
Silver Arched Bridge, Makara said. The only crossing for miles.
The giant rungs of the arch stretched from shore to shore with the road running straight underneath. The road itself was almost even with the river  maybe just ten feet above it. The pressure from the current must have been enormous. Two Raiders with rifles guarded the bridges front.
Let me do the talking, Makara said.
We pulled up, and Makara rolled down her window.
A hard-faced, grizzled man peered inside. His eyes widened as he saw who was driving.
Makara?
Chris, step aside. I have a wounded man in here who will die without medical attention.
What? Chris asked. He shined the flashlight inside the Recon, pointing the beam at Makara, Samuel, and then me. What happened? Wheres Brux? Twitch? Tyson?
All dead. Let me through, and I don't have time for these questions!
What happened?
Gunshot wound, Makara said. Now step aside unless you want me to run you over!
Not so fast, he said. Im not putting my ass on the line until you answer some questions. First, who is this? he asked, pointing at me.
Look, Chris, Makara said, Just give me clearance to Char or Ill have him wipe the floor with you. I promise, your not listening to me is more dangerous than this sixteen-year-old kid and a man dying from a gunshot wound.
Chris sighed, his gaze doing its best to match up with Makaras. But after a moment, he turned away and raised his radio to his mouth.
Makaras back. Im sending her up. Have the gates ready, over.
Copy that, over, the voice said from the other end.
Welcome home, Makara, Chris said sarcastically. Youre clear. I hope you have a better story for Char than you do for me.
I dont need a story, Chris. Makara said. I need a doctor.
Makara was about to gun the accelerator when Chris grabbed her shoulder.
What? she asked, shrugging off his grasp.
Be careful up there. Things have changed. An emissary from the Empire is in Bluff, talking with Char.
The Empire? Makara asked. What the hell is the Empire?
Chris frowned. You were gone longer than I thought. Theyre based in Old Mexico. Theyre big, powerful  tens of thousands of people. He paused. The emissarys name is Rex. Just don't get on his bad side. I know you can be mouthy.
Makara shook her head. I'll say what I want, when I want, Chris. Is that it?
Yeah. You should head on. Just watch your back.
Makara didnt waste any more words on him. When Chris stepped aside, Makara floored the Recon, rocketing it into the night.
The Empire, I said. That sounds sinister.
Ive never heard of it before, Makara said. Gone a few months, and this is what happens. The game always changes every time I come back. Thats nothing new, though.
Despite those words, I saw the worry in her eyes.
Its hard to imagine war at a time like this, I said. The world is being taken over by the xenovirus. Leave it to humanity to take itself out first.
Makara sighed. All the more reason to patch my brother up quickly and be on our way. We have a mission to finish.
I looked at Samuel. He was out again. Hopefully, it wasnt for good this time.
Just a few minutes, Sam, Makara said. Hang on.

***

We drove up what seemed an endless series of switchbacks before the land leveled and placed us before the wooden gates of Raider Bluff. These things were huge, probably three stories high. They made the gates of Oasis look like toys in comparison. A giant wooden palisade surrounded all sides of the town, maybe twenty feet high, as if the sheer cliffs werent enough. It must have taken an eternity to build. I wondered where they found the labor, until I realized Raiders were notorious for employing slaves.
At various points in the perimeter, large watchtowers rose. I had no idea where they had gotten the lumber to build these walls. Trees were growing somewhere, apparently, if not here. It was a testament to the citadels wealth and power.
The gates drew back, sliding into the walls on either side. Thick chains rigged to pulleys moved the massive fortifications. Even though I was about to enter the biggest den of thieves in all the world, I couldnt help but be impressed.
Makara drove down the main drag. Wooden buildings and saloons lined either side of the dirt road. It was like entering an Old West town on steroids. Signs swung above the open doors  liquor, girls, and guns seemed to be the establishments main themes. Raiders dressed in dingy apparel flanked both sides of the road, making way for us as we came in. From their widened eyes, it was clear that none of them had seen a Recon before.
The Raiders tried to get the Recon to stop but Makara honked the horn and sped up when they got too close.
Theyre not going to hurt us, she said. They just want to check out the ride.
Outside, I could hear them yelling her name.
You seem to be pretty popular around here, I said.
Theyre all idiots, Makara said.
The road wound its way around the mesa. I saw we were not even close to the top. There were three levels, and buildings rose from all of them. The bottom, which we were on now, was the largest. It seemed to contain all the places of business, the wide outdoor markets, the bars, pretty much anywhere you could buy something.
Were heading to the Alphas Compound, Makara said. Its where Char lives. Its at the very top of Bluff and exclusive. No one will bother us, and thats where the clinic is. Char, in addition to being the Alpha, is also good at stitching a wound. Hopefully this isnt beyond his expertise.
Char was the one you raided with, right?
Makara nodded. Probably the only decent person who lives here. Its weird for a decent man to lead a bunch of scum. Its a wonder hes still alive.
We entered the second level. We were halfway up the bluff now. On either side were well-constructed wooden cabins.
Makara pointed out a small building we drove by. A sign overhung the door, reading The Bounty.
Thats the Bounty, Makara said. Its a bar run by my friend Lisa. Ive spent many-a-night there.
I remember you mentioning it.
We rounded the last bend. Over the wooden rooftops of Bluff spread the vast panorama of dark desert. The black Colorado River flowed south and the sky above was dark and void.
We reached a final gate. A Raider pulled it open from the other side, revealing a long cobblestone road that led into a grassy courtyard. The green grass must have been watered and cared for to flourish like that. Flanking either side of the road were tall pines. I rolled down my window, the trees crisp, sweet smell pleasant yet foreign to my nostrils. The stone structure of the compound was a U-shape, surrounding the courtyard. It had narrow slits for windows; open air, no glass. Ahead, the cobblestone drive ended in a cul-de-sac. A wide yet short stairway led to a pair of heavy wooden doors. Judging from the thick stone walls, the compound had been constructed to withstand on all-out siege.
Fancy, I said.
Its grown over the last few years, Makara said. Each new Alpha leaves his own mark. Char redid the courtyard. The pines were taken from mountains far to the east.
Why is he called Char? I asked.
Makara smiled grimly. You will see.
Makara pulled to a stop in the cul-de-sac. She powered off the vehicle, the hum of the hydrogen pressure tank dimming to nothing.
We hopped out of the vehicle. The air was dry, cold, and sharp. It had definitely dropped a few degrees. We went to Samuels side and opened the passengers door. Makara and I lifted Samuel from the Recon.
He stirred a bit and groaned. It was good to know he was still alive, though pale as a ghost. Despite the sound he made, his whole body was limp. He was dead weight between us.
Come on, Makara said. Were going to have to drag him.
We dragged him through the compound, to the large front doors. Makara didnt bother knocking. She threw the doors open with her shoulder, revealing a wide, dark interior lit by torches. We dragged Samuel inside.
Char! Makara screamed.
No one answered her call. The entry hall was empty, lit only by two blazing braziers along the far wall and a few torches ensconced upon four heavy pillars supporting the rooms structure.
A shadow materialized in front of us, moving forward at lightning speed.
Watch out! I said.
Makara reached for her handgun with her free hand, never letting go of Samuel.
A thin, curved sword was placed at the base of Makaras neck.
Not so fast, a young, female voice said.

***

Standing in the light, the bearer of the sword was a black-haired girl, about my age, with green almond eyes. The eyes narrowed as she edged the blade closer to Makaras throat. I saw that she was beautiful, with a short, yet curvy, figure. I berated myself for even noticing that at a time like this, but even at the threat of ones life, guys cant help but notice certain things.
Who are you, she asked dangerously, and what are you doing here?
Makara spoke first, making an effort to keep calm. Were here to see Char, girl. Put that thing away right now or theres going to be trouble.
Char is not here. The girl did not withdraw her sword. In fact, it looked as if it was more in her mind to use it. If you had been cleared, I would be the first to know. Ill give you one more chance. Tell me who you are, and why youre here. This wouldnt be the first assassination attempt Ive stopped.
I dont know who you think you are, but Char and I are old friends, Makara said, never batting an eyelash. Im Makara. Ever heard the name? And if you dont get us Char right now, then
The front doors banged open. I turned to see a grizzled man, probably in his fifties, enter.
Makara, he said, his voice gravelly.
There was no mistaking the mans air of command. He was Char. He was tall with broad shoulders and a shaved head. Two guards flanked his either side, holding rifles. His sharp blue eyes surveyed us all calmly. He wore green camo pants and a thick black leather jacket. A tattoo of a snakelike dragon eating its own tail was emblazoned on his forearm. But his most striking feature was his face. A deep burn wound scarred his right cheek. That wound had happened long ago and would never fully heal.
No one said anything as the man stepped forward.
I am sorry I was not here to greet you, he said to Makara. Politics.
The girl glanced from Char to Makara, not sure what to do.
Stand down, Anna, Char said. I appreciate your drive to protect me, but Makara is a friend.
Anna pulled the blade back, sheathing it immediately. Those beautiful eyes stung with hurt. Char, no one let me know of Makaras arrival.
Your loyalty is admirable, but Makara is to be treated with the same respect you would give to any of my guests. More, in fact. But we dont have time for hurt feelings, do we?
He faced Samuel, who now lay on the ground between Makara and me.
Lay him face-up, Char said. I need to see the wound.
We laid Samuel on the ground. Char walked forward and knelt beside him. He placed two fingers on Samuels neck.
He glanced sideways at Makara. Is the bullet still in?
Yes. It happened about ten hours ago.
Humph.
Char retrieved a knife from his belt and cut Samuels white tee shirt open at the shoulder. He pulled the fabric back tenderly to reveal the wound. Fresh red blood trickled out. The surrounding skin was black, purple, and green.
Hes out, now, Char said. But hell be dead if I try to pull it out of him like this. He needs morphine.
You have that, dont you? Makara asked.
Char grunted. A bit. I do not want to use it on an outsider.
My brother is not an outsider, Makara said. He is family, as much a Raider as anybody here.
Dont worry, Char said. I wouldnt let you bring him all this way to tell you no.
Good. You had me worried. Makaras eyes went up to Anna and narrowed, as if willing the katana-wielding girl away. Anna merely stood, meeting Makaras stare without blinking.
This is Anna, my bodyguard. You noticed her katana, I presume. She lives by the Bushido Code.
Are you a samurai? I asked.
Anna gave a single nod, but no word for answer.
I thought samurai were supposed to be Japanese, Makara said. And men.
Judging from the look in Annas eyes, she stood ready to draw her blade again.
Honor and principle go beyond the confines of gender and race.
She is deadly with a blade, Char said. Where she learned to use it like that, I dont know. Shes most of the reason why Ive stayed Alpha so long. Especially these days. But all this is idle talk. Your brother needs my help. Char motioned to the Raiders nearby. Were taking Samuel to the clinic.
The men gathered around. Together, they lifted Samuel up.
Follow me, Char said to Makara. He noticed me for the first time. Whos this?
Alex, I said.
Hes from Bunker 108, Makara said. Once we take care of Samuel, well fill you in. Its a long, long story.
We followed Char and his bodyguards through the dark corridors and into the clinic.

***

Find the rest of Origins at your favorite online bookstore.
Glossary

10,000, The: This refers to the 10,000 citizens who were selected in 2029 to enter Bunker One. This group included the best America had to offer, people who were masters in the fields of science, engineering, medicine, and security. President Garland and all the U.S. Congress, as well as essential staff and their families, were also chosen.
Alpha: Alpha is the title given to the recognized head of the Raiders. In the beginning, it was merely a titular role that had only as much power as the Alpha was able to enforce. But as Raider Bluff grew in size and complexity, the Alpha began to take on a more meaningful role. Typically, Alphas do not remain so for long  they are assassinated by rivals, who rise to take their place. In some years, there can be as many as four Alphas  though powerful Alphas, like Char, can reign for many years.
Batts: Batts, or batteries, are the currency of the Wasteland. It is unknown how batteries were first seen as currency, but it is likely because they are small, portable, and durable. Rechargeable batteries (called chargers) are even more prized, and solar batteries (called solars, or sols,) are the most useful and prized of all.
Black Files, The: The Black Files are the mysterious collected research on the xenovirus, said to be located in Bunker One. They were authored principally by Dr. Cornelius Ashton, Chief Scientist of Bunker One. Though Dr. Steven Keener believes in the Black Files existence, whether they are truly stored in Bunker Ones archives is a matter of debate.
Black Reapers, The: The Black Reapers are a powerful, violent gang, based in Los Angeles. They are led by Warlord Carin Black. They keep thousands of slaves, using them to serve their post-apocalyptic empire. They usurped the Lost Angels in 2055, and have been ruling there ever since.
Blights: Blights are infestations of xenofungus and the xenolife they support. They are typically small, but the bigger ones can cover large tracts of land. As a general rule of thumb, the larger the Blight, the more complicated and dangerous the ecosystem it maintains.
Bunker 108: Bunker 108 is located in the San Bernardino Mountains about one hundred miles east of Los Angeles. It is the birthplace of Alex Keener.
Bunker 114: A medical research installation built about fifty miles northwest of Bunker 108. Built beneath Cold Mountain, Bunker 114 is small. After the fall of Bunker One, Bunker 114, like Bunker 108 to the southeast, became a main center of xenoviral research.
Bunker One: The main headquarters of the Post-Ragnarok United States government. It fell in 2048 to a swarm of crawlers that overran its defenses. Bunker One had berths for ten thousand people, making it many times over the most populous Bunker. Its inhabitants included President Garland, the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives, essential government staff, and security forces, along with the skilled people needed to maintain it. There also were dozens of brilliant scientists and specialists, including engineers, doctors, and technicians. The very wealthy were also allowed berths for helping to finance the Bunker Program. Bunker One is reportedly the location of the Black Files, authored by Dr. Cornelius Ashton.
Bunker Program, The: The United States and Canadian governments pooled resources to establish 144 Bunkers in Twelve Sectors throughout their territory. The Bunkers were the back-up in case the Guardian Missions failed. When the Guardian Missions did fail, the Bunker Program kicked into full gear. The Bunkers were designed to save all critical government personnel and citizenry, along with anyone who could provide the finances to construct them. The Bunkers were designed to last indefinitely, using hydroponics to grow food. The Bunkers ran on fusion power, which had been made efficient by the early 2020s. The plan was that when the dust settled, Bunker residents could reemerge and rebuild. Most Bunkers fell, however, for various reasons  including critical systems failures, mutinies, and attacks by outsiders (see Wastelanders). By the year 2060, only four Bunkers were left.
Chaos Years, The: The Chaos Years are the ten years following the impact of Ragnarok. These dark years signified the great die-off of most forms of life, including humans. Most deaths occurred due to starvation. With mass global cooling, crops could not grow in climates too far from the tropics. What crops would grow produced a yield far too paltry to feed the population that existed. This led to a period of violence unknown in all of human history. The Chaos Years signify the complete breakdown of the Old Worlds remaining infrastructures  including food production, the economy, power grids, and industry, all of which led to the deaths of billions of people.
Dark Decade, The: The Dark Decade lasted from 2020-2030, from the time of the first discovery of Ragnarok, to the time of its impact. It is not called the Dark Decade because the world descended into madness immediately upon the discovery of Ragnarok by astronomer Neil Weinstein  that only happened in 2028, with the failure of Messiah, the third and last of the Guardian Missions. In the United States and other industrialized nations, life proceeded in an almost normal fashion. There was plenty of hope, and good reason to believe that Ragnarok could be stopped, especially given ten years. But as the Guardian Missions failed, one by one, the order of the world quickly disintegrated.
With the failure of the Guardian Mission Archangel in 2024, a series of wars engulfed the world. As what some were calling World War III embroiled the planet, the U.S., Canada, and various European nations worked to stop Ragnarok. When the second Guardian Mission, Reckoning, failed, an economic depression swept the world. But none of this compared to the madness that followed upon the failure of the third and final Guardian, Messiah, in 2028. As societies broke down, martial law was enforced. President Garland was appointed dictator of the United States with absolute authority. By 2029, several states had broken off from the Union.
In the last quarter of 2030, an odd silence hung over the world, as if it had grown weary of living. The President, all essential governmental staff and military, the Senate and House of Representatives, along with scientists, engineers, and the talented and the wealthy, entered the 144 Bunkers established by the Bunker Program. Outraged, the tens of millions of people who did not get an invitation found the Bunker locations, demanding to be let in. The military took action when necessary.
Then on December 3, 2030, Ragnarok fell, crashing into the border of Wyoming and Nebraska, forming a crater one hundred miles wide. The world left the Dark Decade, and entered the Chaos Years.
Guardian Missions: The Guardian Missions were humanitys attempts to intercept and alter the course of Ragnarok during the Dark Decade. There were three, and in the order they were launched, they were called Archangel, Reckoning, and Messiah (all three of which were also the names of the ships launched). Each mission had a reason for failing. Archangel is reported to have crashed into Ragnarok in 2024. In 2026, Reckoning somehow got off course, losing contact with Earth in the process. In 2028 Messiah successfully landed and attached its payload of rockets to the surface of Ragnarok in order to alter its course away from Earth. However, the rockets failed before they had time to do their work. The failure of the Guardian Missions kicked the Bunker Program into overdrive.
Ice Lands, The: Frozen in a perpetual blanket of ice and snow, the northern and southern latitudes of the planet are completely unlivable. In the Wasteland, at least, they are referred to as the Ice Lands. Under a blanket of Meteor fallout, global cooling sent temperatures on Earth plummeting. While glaciers are only now experiencing rapid regrowth, they will advance for centuries, and perhaps millennia to come, until the fallout has dissipated enough to produce a warmer climate. In the Wasteland, 45 degrees north marks the beginning of what is considered the Ice Lands.
L.A. Gangland: L.A. Gangland means a much different thing than it did Pre-Ragnarok. In the ruins of Los Angeles, there are dozens of gangs vying for control, but by 2060, the most powerful is the Black Reapers, who usurped that title from the Lost Angels.
Lost Angels, The: The Lost Angels were post-apocalyptic L.A.s first super gang. From the year 2050 until 2055, they reigned supreme in the city, led by a charismatic figure named Dark Raine. The Angels were different from other gangs  they valued individual freedom and abhorred slavery. Under the Angels rule, Los Angeles prospered. The Angels were eventually usurped in 2056 by a gang called the Black Reapers, led by a man named Carin Black.
Oasis: Oasis is a settlement located in the Wasteland, about halfway between Los Angeles and Raider Bluff. It has a population of one thousand, and is built around the banks of the oasis for which it is named. The oasis did not exist Pre-Ragnarok, but was formed by tapping an underground aquifer.
Raider Bluff: Raider Bluff is the only known settlement of the Raiders. It is built northeast of what used to be Needles, California, across the Colorado River, on top of a three-tiered mesa. Though the Raiders are a mobile group, even they need a place to rest during the harsh Wasteland winter. Merchants, women, and servants followed the Raider men, setting up shop on the mesa, giving birth to Raider Bluff sometime in the early 2040s. From the top of the Bluff rules the Alpha, the strongest recognized leader of the Raiders. A new Alpha rises only when he is able to wrest control from the old one.
Ragnarok: Ragnarok was the name given the meteor that crashed into Earth on December 3, 2030. It was discovered by astronomer Neil Weinstein in 2019. Ragnarok was about three miles long, and two miles wide. It is not known how it eluded detection for so long.
Recon: A Recon is an all-terrain rover powered by hydrogen. It is designed for speedy recon missions across the Wastes, and was developed by the United States military during the Dark Decade. It is composed of a cab in front, and a large cargo bay in the back. Mounted on top of the cargo bay is a turret with 360-degree rotation, accessible by a ladder and a porthole. The turret can be manned and fired while the Recon is on the go.
Wasteland, The: The Wasteland is a large tract of land comprised of Southern California and the adjacent areas of the Western United States. It extends from the San Bernardino Mountains in the west to the Rockies in the east, and from the northern border of Mexico in the south to the Ice Lands in the north (at about the same latitude as Sacramento, California). The Wasteland is characterized by a cold, extremely dry climate. Rainfall each year is little to none, two to four inches being about average. Little can survive the Wasteland; thus all life has clung to limited water supplies. Major population centers include Raider Bluff, along the Colorado River; the settlement of Oasis, supplied by a body of water of the same name; and Last Town, a trading post that sprung up along I-10 between Los Angeles and the Mojave. Los Angeles flanks the Wastelands western extreme, while Las Vegas flanks its eastern extreme.
Wastelanders: Wastelanders are surface dwellers, specifically ones that live in the southwestern United States. The term is broad  but generally it means a surface dweller who is forced to wander, scavenge, or raid for sustenance. Wastelanders are feared by Bunker dwellers, as they have been the number one reason for Bunkers failing.
Xenofungus: Xenofungus is a slimy, sticky fungus colored pink, orange, or purple (and sometimes all three). Whether benign or hostile, no one knows  and that is part of the focus of Dr. Steven Keeners research.
Xenovirus: The xenovirus is an agent that attaches itself to DNA, acquires it, and mixes and matches it with the DNA it has already collected. It mostly affects microbes, and more recently, plants, but it is thought to be benign.
