Dedication:
There is a growing faction in America who would like to suppress citizens expressing Christian viewpoints. No one in America or anywhere else should have their freedom of speech taken from them. Freedom of expressing your opinion disappears just before freedom disappears. We all need to band together to fight fascism and protect the First Amendment. That being said, I am a Christian and I humbly dedicate this novel to Jesus Christ the Lord Almighty.
Roger Faraday: Galactic Ambassador
By J T Pearson
copyright Joseph Pearson 2014
Smashwords edition
Bloom sat in the diner stirring his coffee, watching the cream he added swirl around in the black, creating a mesmerizing effect. A noise outside the window stole his attention. A tricked-out sports car with blue neon ground effects pulled up near a couple of girls wearing tight shorts and mischievous smiles. The driver leaned out and offered them a ride. One of the girls gave him the middle finger and then both of them giggled while he stomped on the accelerator and disappeared from the parking lot, a blue haze speeding up the road. Bloom turned back to his cup of coffee, the swirl of cream going around and around and he drifted to an old memory. A couple strolling hand in hand down a long deserted country road toward her daddys farm house, corn fields on either side of them, quiet, except for the crickets, a blanket of stars spread against a black canvas which only a night outside the city can provide. Bloom took a deep breath, taking in the scents of a hot summer, the corn, the dirt, even the fertilizer, the way country boys do.
Bloom, youre so quiet, said Odelia.
Mmm hmm, he said, snapping his lock blade open and shut against his leg over and over as they walked. It had an eagle engraved on it, and a five inch blade he kept razor sharp, perfect for skinning deer.
Can you put the knife away for a while, Bloom, Odelia asked with her polite voice, which was always an octave higher than her normal speaking voice.
Mmm hmm, he answered again, lazily.
What are you thinking about, Bloom? He turned and smiled at her but his mind was still somewhere else and he didnt answer. Bloom! Im talking to you! She yanked down hard on his hand.
Ow! he said, looking down at their intertwined fingers. Goodness, youve got a strong grip!
Give me the knife.
Im not going to give you my knife, Dee. What do you want with my knife?
Youre never going to stop playing with it and talk to me unless I take it and put it in my bag, so give it over.He sighed and reluctantly handed her the knife and then rubbed his shoulder. I was asking you what you were thinking about, she told him.
Nothing. Just thinking about what a beautiful night it was before you attempted to separate me from my arm.
Well, if you answered me once in a while I wouldnt have to do that. She turned the clasp on her purse, locking it. So? What else were you thinking about?
What else do you think I couldve been thinking about? I was thinking about us, Dee. Your daddys just going to have to change his mind about me because theres no way Im going away.
Just give him some time. Daddy doesnt trust anyone outside the Lutheran church. Especially not a Catholic. He insists the Catholics are storing guns under the basements of their churches, just waiting for the opportunity to come after the rest of us.
Thats just hogwash, Bloom said, looking over at her and shaking his head. We store them in the bell towers.
Bloom, youre not funny.
Im a little funny.
Youre not funny, she said, her eyes bulging, the way they did when she was angry. Bloom almost apologized but she grinned first. Funny looking, she said, and yanked her hand free from his. She ran down the old gravel road, laughing hysterically, a game they played all the time.
I dont know why you even bother to run! he called after her. You never get away! He chased her down the road, the moon lighting the path for him. She looked over her shoulder and a burst of nervous giggling escaped her. Odelia could flat out run, in fact, she was known around their small town for being a good runner but the shoes shed worn to the dance earlier were holding her back so she stopped and kicked them off, scooped them up, pushed them into her purse, and then left the road for the high stalks of corn.
Cheater! Bloom yelled, and laughed. He kept his eye on the area of the corn field where she entered and made his way into the field after her, following the path of broken stalks. You know Im going to find you. He thought he heard rustling off to his right so he turned that direction and kept walking, pausing occasionally to listen, then moving on. I wont even have to run. Ill just walk you down like a wounded deer. He saw a flash between the stalks as she bolted from her hiding place just before he could find her. Her laughter continued to give her away and he ran toward the sound, breaking his promise to walk. He stopped and listened carefully, waiting to hear a stalk break or for her to lose control and giggle again. It disappeared before he could locate her. He moved quietly, pushing the stalks out of his way, gently. He heard breathing off to his right. He crouched down so she wouldnt see him coming this time. He took smaller steps, more cautious. He could see a piece of her white dress soaked by moonlight, a ghost only ten yards away. He charged the apparition in the corn. He froze when the stalks suddenly parted, revealing something, something bizarre  unlike anything Bloom had ever seen before  crouching, holding his beloved Dee around the waist and around the neck with thick vine-like arms. It stood all the way up, nearly ten feet tall, and as green as the surrounding stalks. It had no mouth, small slits where a human would have a nose, and one large eye in its forehead. Dee was twisting back and forth and struggling to say something but no words could escape her mouth. Bloom reached into his pocket for his knife, just to feel his heart sink when he realized he had given it to Dee to put in her purse, and now the purse was nowhere to be seen. He moved closer to the creature but froze when he saw a sharp digit extend from its appendage and press against Dees throat. Suddenly, the air around him felt different, unnatural. Something was happening. The stocks began to sway the way they did when a storm blew in but there was no wind. Bloom heard a humming and felt the air around him vibrating. He lunged at the strange being just as it started rising from the field, taking Dee with it, a large beam coming down from the sky, a huge craft hovering above them. Bloom managed to latch on to what mustve been its legs. They, too, were like vines, moist and slimy. His hands struggled for a decent hold. They slipped and gripped again, slipped and gripped again. The thing twisted and kicked at Bloom while it rose, landing most of the blows on the top of his head and neck. Above the field, glowing blue, green, and yellow, the magnificent ship opened up to receive them. Bloom couldnt imagine why he hadnt seen or heard the ship until it was over them. Dee screamed and Bloom dug his fingers into the being tighter, terrified that he would lose his hold, and his girl forever. Slowly the three of them rose above the corn stalks. Blooms hands began to slip free. Please no, he begged. But he lost his hold and fell back toward the field, his eyes locked on Dees terrified face, until he crashed to the ground, a tremendous explosion of pain. Bloom! she screamed one last time, as she disappeared into the belly of the ship with the creature. Bloom watched helplessly from the crushed stalks with a broken leg and a couple of broken ribs, while tears streamed down his cheeks. The ship rose like a runaway helium balloon that had escaped a toddlers fingers, higher and higher, and then it zipped off with such speed that its impression still hung before Blooms eyes.
The memory was so vivid that Blooms hands twisted and pulled on the table, desperately. The vein on his forehead throbbed and sweat soaked his collar, while his heart pounded wildly. Trapped in the memory, suddenly, Bloom felt something grabbing his arm.
*

Chapter 1
THEY GO OUT WALKIN AFTER MIDNIGHT AND THEY DISAPPEAR
Bloom walked to his truck with his sledgehammer and tossed it into the bed where it landed on top of a pile of fence posts. He grabbed one of the posts and leaned it against his tailgate while he took out his knife so he could whittle the point a little sharper. There was more clay and small rock in the ground than he anticipated and if he didnt make these posts go down a little easier hed feel like hed been hit by a truck when he got out of bed the next morning. While he whittled, he hummed one of his favorite Patsy Cline songs, Walkin After Midnight. To the south he could see the sky flickering and he knew the storm hed heard about on the radio that morning was now blowing in. Bloom looked up and stared for a moment. He never looked at the sky the way he had when he was young. Not for many years. He studied the end of the post, rotating it slowly, and decided that it would do the job so he pushed his knife against the side of his leg, snapping it shut, and put it back in the pocket of the worn canvas jacket he wore. The incoming storm caused the temperature to drop, making Bloom shiver and pull his collar up around his neck. He probably had just enough time to drive two more posts before he was going to get soaked. Bloom stood just under six feet with dark hair that was starting to pepper and a thin wiry build. People generally estimated him to be somewhere in his mid fifties to late sixties but he was much older than that. He took the freshly sharpened post and the sledgehammer with him and resumed working on the fence. He fit the post into the pilot he had prepared and picked up the sledgehammer. He was just about to rear back and drive the post down when the phone in his jacket vibrated. He dropped the sledge hammer and walked back to his truck where he had a towel draped over the mirror. The phone continued to vibrate while he grabbed the towel and put it over his head. He rubbed his face and dried sweat from his hair while he reached for his phone, leaving his face hidden. Without exposing the phone, he brought it to his ear. From beneath the towel he switched it on.
Hello, said Bloom.
Yes, hello, said the voice, intentionally not using Blooms name nor identifying himself.
How are you? asked Bloom
Ive been better. Im afraid the weather in Sweden took a turn for the worse.
The weather took a turn for the worse being code for: an agent has gone missing. The name of the country used in the code identified which agent it was.
Im very sorry to hear that, said Bloom, with a sigh. Have you or your nephews been following baseball?
Following baseball was code for: Do you have any leads? Nephew was code for agent or agents.
I havent been following baseball. Neither has my nephew.
Code for: None of us at the bureau or the agents in the field have any leads.
Are you going to cut your vacation short so that you can visit me? asked Bloom.
Code for: should I meet you?
No. And I know you cant do anything about the weather, said the voice.
Code: Theres nothing you can do.
Ill be in touch, Bloom said. The person he was talking to hung up and Bloom slipped his phone back into his pocket. He pulled the towel off his head and rubbed his eyes. He was close to the agent that was missing. The mans name was Lars and he had accompanied Bloom on several missions outside of Earth, working as Earths ambassadors, doing their best to keep harmony with our neighbors in space. Usually the bureau contacted Bloom when one of Earths citizens was abducted, but lately it was agents that had been disappearing. Some agents just quit and went AWOL, finding a remote place to hide, usually somewhere in the mountains or on an island that drew little attention, where a man could hide among the natives and live a simple life. The job was just too taxing for most. Sometimes agents had no choice but to break their oaths. Otherwise, theyd end up retiring to a mental institution. Who could blame them? But that wasnt Lars. Lars had the stomach for this kind of work. The type of guy who could hold all of it in without letting it eat him from the inside out, like a cancer. Bloom could feel it in his bones that his friends cover had been blown, resulting in his abduction by a race who had been watching him. Bloom sighed. Im going to miss you, pal. He needed to find another recruit to send to the training center.
Chapter 2
THE STATE OF LIES AND CONFUSION
I dont mean to boast but I consider myself to be somewhat of an expert on the history of your planet Earth. The Wealth of Knowledge (the WOK) is similar to a library on Earth. It is where members of the Association of Higher Cultures (the AHC), the union of advanced civilizations throughout the galaxy, submit and share information. The document youre reading is the document that I submitted to the Wealth of Knowledge for Earthlings, in case they want an unbiased account of their history. In this document Ill attempt to give a little background on Earths ruling species  the humans. Ill also jot down a few very short explanations for some of the mysteries of the galaxies, and a brief description of some of your neighbors in the stars. I think the best way to dig into Earths history is to start by revisiting one of the most significant episodes in the planets history. Thats where Ill begin.
Many years ago, the majority of the population of the planet Earth believed they were all alone in this vast universe. Many of the humans had little interest in anything beyond Earths atmosphere. They expected that the area surrounding their planet offered nothing more than a pile of pretty rocks hurdling about and an occasional great ball of burning gas- which provided a little light and warmth - in an otherwise cold, dark, and empty space of unfathomable size. At the time, other races throughout the Universe, found it amusing that Earthlings were so egocentric, so narcissistic. Earthlings simple view of the galaxy resulted in their ridicule. Claws, flippers, tentacles, fingers, and talons - from across the universe, were often pointed Earths way, while derisive comments were exchanged. But really, it wasnt the Earthlings fault. It was the governments in charge of the humans who intentionally kept their citizens wrapped in a shroud of lies, perpetuating this silly belief that Earth was the only planet with life. Many of the governments on Earth had made secret arrangements behind their citizens backs with their galactic neighbors. The deals involved the exchange of goods for technology. It gave many of Earths countries a leg up on their competitors. The alien races who made these deals with countries from Earth also cloaked themselves in secrecy because it was heavily frowned upon to have direct interaction with primitive cultures, by order of the Universal Mother (the organization that governs all galaxies). It was with great effort that these guilty governments on Earth protected their own interests. They knew that continuing to maintain the charade that aliens were nothing more than the entertaining subject of campfire stories or a consistent source of revenue for the people that made rubber Halloween masks was of the utmost importance, if they were to continue their nefarious associations. But as time passed, the evidence that Earthlings were not alone in the universe continued to mount, and incidents proving the fact became nearly impossible to hide from Earths population. The governments ability to deny the people the truth was only going to last so long. Signs of life outside the planet were everywhere. It was fairly common for ships making a delivery to get lost on their routes across the galaxy and either skirt Earths atmosphere to get a bearing on their locations - creating many space ship sightings, or to even make a pit stop on Earth - hoping to quietly get directions from the natives. The latter, the direct interaction with Earthlings  also known as a close encounter of the 4th kind - was nearly always recounted by traumatized humans in articles that were published in magazines which garnered little credibility. These types of magazines are generally sold where Earthlings purchase their food. Because of this pervading opinion among the masses that aliens were nothing more than the product of the imaginations of excitable humans with nothing better to do - it wasnt absurd that the man who had come out victorious in the American race for the presidency was among those who were stubbornly blind to the reality of a shared universe. That being the case, the new leader was also completely unaware that Earth and another planet were both being considered for acceptance into the Association of Higher Cultures - the (AHC). The planet under consideration along with Earth was a very small conservation-minded planet called Tiny Earth. It was called Tiny Earth because it had once been a part of Earth and was populated by Earthlings who had chosen to leave their planet. They had developed technology to shrink matter and used it to create a living climate on a smaller scale planet; then, they shrunk themselves down and transported themselves on to the new smaller version of Earth, and put the planet into space with its own orbit around the sun.
When a planet is under consideration for acceptance into the AHC by the Universal Mother there is a less pleasant flip side. They are also being considered for race annihilation. That is a safeguard for the rest of the galaxy, in case the developing civilization is overly warlike, or dangerous to the other cultures for some other reason. The Universal Mother used to obliterate the planets that belonged to the species who failed to pass muster, but races that wanted the planets argued that blowing up the planet was dramatic but it was also a tremendous waste. Race annihilation would leave the two planets empty of their primary hosts, creating prime galactic real estate that other races could look to assume. The governments of the two planets under consideration at the time, Earth and Tiny Earth, were in the middle of a squabble. The Universal Mother noted that it would be an interesting test for the two planets, to see how they settled their differences. With that in mind, the Universal Mother allowed the disagreement between the two planets to run its course, as the rest of us in the universe watched on, and for the most part, rooted for Earths survival.
*
Chapter 3
ROGER FARADAY
But before learning of the president and the dispute between the two planets, it would make sense for you to learn of a young man who was about to go to work for him. A man at the heart of this tale. A man named Roger Faraday.
Despite being the byproduct of two horrible human beings, Roger had a good heart and knew he wanted to serve his fellow man in some way. After a less than noteworthy four years of high school Roger was ready to consider the manner in which he might make the world a better place. He considered being a police officer but couldnt see himself dealing with the violence that accompanied the career. He considered working in politics but even at a young age he had a very cynical view of politicians. He considered being a doctor but couldnt stand the thought of cutting into a body, and he really couldnt imagine doing any sort of job in a hospital with all of that blood. Just the thought made him cringe. He finally decided he would be a priest, something nonviolent, distant from politics  or so, was the aim, and he would have the opportunity to help people. He talked to his parish priest and upon graduating high school enrolled in St. Josephs Seminary.
After he was packed and ready to leave, he left his bedroom, carrying his bags, and went downstairs to say good bye to his parents.
Well, Im packed. Roger dropped his bags on the living room rug, with a thump. Father Mackey will be here in about twenty minutes. Rogers real father was working on a crossword puzzle and his mother was reading a magazine. Neither looked up from what they were doing. I guess this is it. Roger waited for a response that didnt come. Im going to miss you guys.
Finally his mother mumbled something from inside the pages of her magazine. Rubbish.
What was that, mom?
You heard me, Roger. I said rubbish. Youre eighteen years old. Its time to grow up. You dont need your mommy and daddy anymore.
Im grown up but Im still going to miss you, argued Roger.
Nonsense, said his father, while he wrote some letters down on the side of his crossword puzzle and then shook his head, scribbling them out. Youre a man now, and Gary is already twenty. We have no more legal obligation to either of you. Your mother and I are done. Its high time we start living our lives again. Twenty years does not go by quickly, does it, dear?
It certainly doesnt, she said, turning the page of her magazine.
Rogers parents had never been sentimental but Roger, on the other hand, had always been quite sensitive and it was important to him to express his feelings. Its alright. I understand that you guys want me to find my independence. And I will.
Mm hmm, his mother replied, flatly, still without bothering to look up at him.
You know, Ill get a chance to come home around Christmas to visit for a while, Roger told them. Thatll be nice.
We wont be here, said Rogers father, putting his pen in his mouth and pulling his puzzle closer to his face. He wore a concentrated frown, as his lips moved but he didnt say the word he was thinking.
Where will you be? Roger asked.
Mexico, his mother answered. Right, ese? she said, looking up from her magazine and smiling warmly at Rogers father.
Thats right, ese, said Rogers father, grinning back at her.
Isnt Mexico kind of dangerous right now? asked Roger.
Were well armed and weve got a route marked where we can cross into the country without getting searched by border agents, said Rogers father. Ah! Marxism, he said. Thats what I was looking for, and wrote it down in his puzzle.
You could get killed, Roger pointed out.
Thats the point, Roger. Before you and your brother came along your mother and I loved living life on the edge. We were total adrenaline junkies. But when we became parents it was time to put all of that behind us. Your mother had a terrible time giving up the crack pipe, didnt you, hone?
I did, she said, casually, and flipped a couple of pages of her magazine.
But, mom, I just-
Roger, were all adults now, interrupted Rogers father. You can call us by our proper names. Call me Ted and call your mother Miriam from now on.
But, dad-
Roger, suck it up, said his father.
Sorry, Ted, Roger said, awkwardly. What about our house?
Our house? Somehow I must have forgotten about all of the payments you made on this place. His father placed his puzzle in his lap and looked at Roger. We sold the place. We have to be out of here a week from Thursday.
But youre my parents. And youll be gone. And somebody else will live in our house? Roger protested.
Oh, come off it, Roger. Your father and I were never cut out to be parents. We just got bored one night when we were drinking and got the stupid notion in our heads to have a couple of kids. We were terrible parents and we have no misconceptions about that. Its time now that we go our separate ways.
Does Gary know yet?
We were going to give him a call later, said Rogers father. Unless youd like to tell him. Hes closer to you than he is to us.
Roger grabbed his bags from the living room floor. Good bye, Ted. Good bye, Miriam, he said, and walked out the door with his head down, while his parents simply went back to what they were doing. A moment later, Father Mackey pulled up in his Lincoln. Roger opened the door and tossed his bags into the back seat; then he opened the passenger door and climbed in.
Pretty hard on your folks to see you leave? Father Mackey asked, Its always hard on the parents. He clapped Roger on the back. Its okay, kiddo. Theyll be alright.
I guess, said Roger, as he looked out the window and took one last look at his home.
*
Chapter 4
WE ALIENS WATCH YOU
Before the rest of us in the galaxy were familiar with Earth, the Universal Mother wanted the higher life forms to study the more primitive civilizations. They had culture-viewing screens installed in the primary living quarters of our caves, trees, bubbles, domes, holes, and other types of domiciles, which received signals from an uncountable number of observation satellites spread across the galaxies. We were asked to make time to evaluate other cultures and submit our observations to our collective resource, the Well Of Knowledge (the WOK). Before that, our time was pretty evenly devoted to: continuing to advance our technology, the growth of general knowledge, and the enrichment of our personal life experience. But before long, I, like most others, found myself glued to the screen in my living quarters.
Even now, to this day, the other species around the galaxy watch Earth like Earthlings watch television, tuning in on your major historical events and experiencing them right along with you. But were not just interested in the significant global events that take place on Earth. We also enjoy snooping on regular Earth folks, following their every movement while they perform what you would consider to be rather mundane events. Its comparable, perhaps, to the annoying Earthling who reads a newspaper or computer screen over another Earthlings shoulder. When people on Earth get the eerie sense that they are being watched but cant identify the source, it is often true, but not usually by someone. It is most likely a crowd. Higher life forms from other galaxies generally enjoy snooping together in large groups and exchanging observations like, that woman from Earth certainly pays a lot of attention to the shiny extensions coming from her head, or look at that Earth man continue to chase that sphere around as it rolls away from him. Hes absolutely obsessed with it. So it isnt uncommon for an Earthling experiencing the heebie jeebies that often accompany the sense that one is being spied upon to have an audience in the tens of thousands watching their every movement. We all like to watch. Were a universe filled with peeping Toms from various races, somber Snooberites to the more gregarious Magoobians, we watch Earthlings every action, whether they are engaged in the simple act of brushing their teeth, or perhaps spending an evening doing something considered much more intimate by Earthlings customs. We watch it all.
There were so many planets to study before we all became glued to Earth. Word of mouth usually spread when someone discovered an intriguing new species and we all tuned in to watch the same planet. As I stated, yours was not the first planet to catch the fancy of the rest of the Universe. There were others before you, most notably, the Wenfloes. Oh, how I miss the Wenfloes. But doesnt everyone? Before getting to them, I should really clarify something about us. The more advanced civilizations had lost certain traits during their evolution. Traits like appreciating music, a good laugh about something funny, or dancing, were not necessary or practical as we evolved and so they were dropped during the evolutionary process. When we first tuned into watch the Wenfloes, we didnt know what to make of them. The Wenfloes were a race of trees who were getting very close to being considered worthy of joining the Association of Higher Cultures (the AHC). The Wenfloes communicated telepathically, as most advanced cultures eventually learn to do, but our satellites were capable of transmitting their thought waves so we were still able to follow what transpired between them. The Wenfloes were extremely sarcastic. They rarely communicated a phrase that meant what they said. We wouldve never learned to understand them if we hadnt been privileged to their hidden thoughts. They were so much different than we were. So interesting and enjoyable to listen to. The Universal Mother encouraged us to move on and study another culture but we didnt want to. We were obsessed with the Wenfloes. Unfortunately, one day, planet 122621 suffered a horrible series of thunderstorms that caused a forest fire which consumed all life on the planet. No one was allowed to intervene, so for weeks, we all watched in terror, as the Wenfloes, in true character till the end, oozed insincerity as they exchanged smug comments with each other about how much they were enjoying the cozy warmth of the fire, the pleasant crackle of the flames, and the rich, robust smell of burning wood. And then the Wenfloes were gone. If a telepathic tree screams in the forest and no other species is there on the planet to hear his thoughts, does it still scream? If youre still wondering about that one, the answer is most definitely, yes.
We mourned for a while and then one day someone stumbled upon Planet 437527186649, known to you as Earth. You people of Earth were so rich in culture and amazingly peculiar. Many of us heard music for the first time while studying your planet. It was amazing, tickling everything from our tentacles to our antennae - making us wave our flippers and stomp our hooves. I wont say what the music did to the Womzerbees and the Tingleflurks, for fear of insulting your delicate disposition, but suffice it to say that they mightve enjoyed the music more than any of us. Your television programs and your movies had us completely perplexed for some time. Humans engaging in battle, dying violently, and then seeming to resurrect in another battle in another time and place. We assumed for a while that some of you, like your Sylvester Stallone, were invincible, completely indestructible. Then, we were all very entertained when we finally figured out that you put forth great effort to create a false reality in the name of art. So peculiar, you Earthlings are. Enough about this for now.
*
Chapter 5
ST. JOES
At the seminary, Roger went through the motions but he wasnt terribly interested in classes like theology. Other starry eyed students went on and on about the various saints and their struggles. Roger generally remembered to nod when there was a break in these conversations but he had a terrible time paying much more attention than that. There were things about the seminary Roger did like. He enjoyed breakfast at the school where the waffles Brother Thaddeus made were better that any other hed ever had. Heavenly, hed always tell Brother Thad, as he left the cafeteria. Brother Thaddeus would make the sign of the cross in response and point up at the sky, the same way ball players give God credit for their homeruns. Roger enjoyed playing soccer. He also enjoyed sneaking into the church and playing Beatles songs like Penny Lane or Hey Jude on the powerful organ when no one else was around, but mostly, he liked the observatory. In fact, he loved the observatory and spent as much of his day there as he could, looking through the telescope at planets, asteroids, comets, and stars. One day, Father Mackey traveled from Rogers hometown to visit him. He found Roger out in the observatory, as he expected he might by the letters he had received from the head prefect.
Roger, said Father Mackey. Roger jumped back from the telescope with a start.
Father Mackey! Its so good to see you! He slipped out of the chair and shook the priests hand. How are you? Did you drive all the way up here to see me?
I did, he said, clapping Roger on the shoulder. Is it alright if we go for a walk and visit for a while?
You bet, Father.
They strolled along the edge of the lake, making small talk. Before long they were passing through the priests graveyard.
Do you know what all of the men that are buried out here have in common, Roger? asked Father Mackey.
They were all priests.
And whats at the heart of that answer, Roger?
Pardon? I dont get what youre asking, Father?
Why were they all priests?
Oh. Because they wanted to serve God.
Yes. And?
To serve their fellow man.
Right. And youve told me many times that serving your fellow man is something you would like to do, as well. Thats a very admirable goal, Roger.
Yes, thank you, Father.
What else did these men buried out here have in common, Roger?
He thought for a moment. They all wore black with little white collars, said Roger, with a shrug. Sorry. I couldnt think of anything else.
Father Mackey smiled. They were all interested in the study of God, Roger. They thirsted for religious knowledge. They couldnt get enough information about Jesus. They found the saints and the history of the church beyond fascinating, hmm? Like the priests and the students at St. Josephs do now.
Yeah. Everybody here loves to talk about Jesus. It seems like thats all they ever do.
From the reports I get about you, I gather that you dont exactly share that fascination. Would you say thats an accurate portrayal of life here at St. Josephs for you, Roger?
Id like to find all of that religious stuff interesting, Father. I really would. I guess my head just isnt into all of that. Im sorry.
Theres no need to be sorry and theres nothing wrong with having other interests, Roger. We all have callings. Not all of them are to the priesthood. The priest rubbed his hands together thoughtfully. I had an idea that the priesthood might not be the best option for you. It was shortly after you arrived here at St. Joes. The first time I came to check up on you.
Why did you think that?
I saw the way you looked at the girls from the town when they came in to celebrate mass with the priests. Sometimes you can just tell by looking into a students eyes whether the priesthood is in their future or not.
Part of me really does want to be a priest.
But not all of you. And God really does need a full commitment, Roger.
I just wanted to find something I could do that had meaning, explained Roger. And somewhere I could fit in, I guess.
Theres certainly nothing wrong with searching for meaning in this world. They turned at the end of the path that went through the grave yard and Father Mackie stared out across the lake. Ive been thinking about something, Roger.
What is it?
You have a strong interest in space, dont you?
I love studying space and the planets and the stars. All of it.
Have you ever considered that there might be a calling to serve your fellow man in that capacity?
How so?
I know a man. A good man. He works for the government. Id like you to have a meeting with him and see where it leads the two of you. Hes going to visit the school next week. I think we can find a place for you that might be a better fit than St. Joes. What do you think, Roger?
Part of Roger was disappointed. He felt he had failed at St. Joes somehow, that he was being rejected by the priests who ran the seminary; but another part of him was thrilled by the idea of spending his time studying the stars.
Okay, Father. Ill meet with your friend.
*
Chapter 6
THE MYSTERIOUS BLOOM
A priest interrupted the class Roger was in and directed him to leave his desk and follow him. Roger started to gather up his books and notes but the teacher told him not to bother, that he wouldnt need those things any longer. Roger couldnt help but feel that someone had already made his mind up for him, but he nodded and silently followed his escort out of the classroom while the other students watched and exchanged whispers. At first it seemed as though they were headed for the church, then the church basement, but a concealed door at the back of the basement took them well below both. They descended one set of stairs after the next. When their descent stopped, Roger was led to a small room far under the seminary which he wouldve never suspected to exist, where a man sat at a table waiting for him. The man looked to be somewhere in his sixties, was very fit, and had a cocky but friendly air about him. The man sat patiently with his hands folded on the table, a light smile on his lips, pleasant. The priest clapped Roger on the shoulder, nodded, and left them alone. Roger pulled out the chair across from him, creating deep bass notes, as it dragged across the floor. He slipped into the chair and the two sat silently, studying each other. The man continued to grin pleasantly at Roger and it made him nervous. Finally the man spoke.
Hows it hanging, sport? These old guys around here a little too stiff for you?
I didntI meanI guess theyreIm not sure they really want me here, Roger finally managed to say. I dont think they need me.
And what about you? Do you need them? The man stopped smiling.
Huh?
Do you need them?
Im not really sure. I guess this is what I had planned to do, to be a priest.
Plans and rules are made to be broken. Trust me, sport. I do it all the time. He smiled and then his face became serious again. So what are your thoughts right now?
I guess my first thought is that I dont really have anywhere to go if the priests at St. Joes dont want me.
Sure you do. You can go with me. Ive got a place for you.
Wheres that?
Its another school. Different from this one but every bit as important. Some people would argue that it is more important.
Where is it?
Im afraid thats top secret.
What would I study there?
Im afraid thats top secret too.
How long would I be there?
The man sighed. Top secret.
Who else will be there?
The man took a folded piece of paper from his pocket, unfolded it, and studied it for a moment. Then he folded it up again and put it away. He looked up. Top secret.
Can I at least know your name?
He thought for a moment. You can call me Bloom.
Is it dangerous, Bloom?
Bloom rolled his head from side to side. Uhtop secret.
How can I know if I want to go to your school if you cant tell me anything about it?
Itll be rough, consuming, shocking, challenging, frightening. Itll blow your mind. Cause you to question everything you ever see again, or are told for the rest of your life.
Then why would anyone ever say yes to that?
They generally dont.
The two sat in silence again, studying each other.
Okay. Roger wasnt entirely sure why he said it but he did.
Okay? asked Bloom, his eyebrow raised.
Yeah, I guess.
Great. We leave right now. Bloom slapped the table, got up, and headed for the door. He opened it and looked back at Roger who was suddenly frozen to the chair. Come on, sport. Times wasting.
Uhwait, stammered Roger, suddenly reconsidering.
Bloom pointed to a camera on the ceiling in the corner of the room that Roger hadnt noticed. We have a verbal contract, son. Its on record. You said okay. He smiled and winked. Come on. I guarantee it wont be boring.
Roger got up from the table, slowly, reluctantly, and followed him.
*
Chapter 7
PRACTICALLY AN ABDUCTION
A black military jeep was waiting outside the school. Bloom opened the door for Roger but didnt follow him inside. Instead, he closed the door behind him and slapped the quarter panel. The jeep took Roger to the airport where this time a black jet was waiting. He boarded the jet and flew for several hours. When Roger asked the pilot where they were, upon landing, the pilot just ignored him. Another black jeep was waiting on the tarmac. Like the first jeep, the windows in the back and sides were completely blacked out so that no one could see in or out. As if that wasnt enough, as soon as Roger got in, a black partition went up between him and the driver, leaving him the sensation that he was being transported in a box. After an hour he was led from the jeep by a crisp looking soldier, with bars on his shoulder and a tight crew cut, into a tunnel. Roger struggled to keep pace with the man while he asked him questions which, once again, were ignored. The tunnel opened into a building where they walked down several halls until they arrived at a set of double doors. The man with the crew cut opened one of the doors and more or less pushed Roger into the room before closing it behind him. It sounded like it locked but Roger wasnt sure. It couldve been a case of nerves. He found himself standing in an enormous theater that contained a hundred or so seats in a neat square in the center of the room. There were screens on all walls and the ceiling, and a stage with a podium at the front. Roger walked down and took a seat several rows back and center. He waited for others to show up but no one did. Fifteen minutes later a woman, old and burly with her silver hair tied up tight, entered briskly from the left of stage. She tapped a small remote control against her shoulder while she looked out at the seats, appearing as though she were about to address a crowd but still no one else had entered the auditorium.
What you are about to see might be very hard on you, she said, her heavy Slavic accent echoing through the nearly empty auditorium. If you feel like you are going to faint, become sick, or seriously need a break to compose yourself, simply press the red button on the right side of your seat.
Again, Roger looked around behind him and to the sides, straining to see anybody else in the dark but there was no one. He looked down both sides of his chair and located the big red circular button the woman had referred to. He looked up at the stage again where the woman waited at the podium patiently and raised his hand. She stared at him. He waved. She shook her head and looked down at her notes.
Lets begin. She pointed her remote up at the ceiling and Roger heard the button click. Above him an image appeared. His chair automatically tilted back so he was lying down facing a slide show. He kept fumbling about, watching to see if anyone else was going to join them but he saw no one. The distraction caused him to just catch a glimpse of the picture which had been above him before it changed. His eyes were obviously still struggling to adjust to the light. Either that, or he was jetlagged from the trip because before the image changed he thought he had seen former president Ronald Reagan with his arm around something that looked like an octopus. The image that appeared above him now was a detailed map of the Milky Way with labels and arrows pointing off toward stars hed never heard of. The woman spoke for a minute about our small planet among the many planets and then the picture switched again. The second time a bizarre image appeared above Roger there was no question what he was looking at. It was the legendary actress Elizabeth Taylor cradled by a large chair with a huge chicken. As Olga clicked away, images of strange looking creatures embracing past presidents and celebrities passed over him. The old woman paused on a picture of Jimmy Carter with his arm around a creature that had a gorilla-like appearance but with a beak and feathers. She talked for a moment about the value of understanding foreign customs and then began to illustrate her point with a story but Roger was unable to focus on anything else she was saying. President Carter and the gorilla with the beak were sharing something from a gourd with two long straws.
What the heck is going on? Roger thought to himself. Is this some kind of elaborate prank? What is this? He looked around. Am I being filmed for one of those hokey hidden camera shows? He searched for clues. Still he sat in the auditorium by himself. Is this real? This cant be real.
The Gobians are some of Earths neighbors from a planet in the Andromeda Galaxy, the woman continued. Weve been in contact with them without the public being aware of it for nearly seventy years. Well learn more about them, as well as many other cultures we presently have interaction with, later, but first well learn about the galaxys system of rule. There is a ruling body named the Universal Mother who presently frowns upon the interaction between developing cultures and more advanced cultures. That will continue to be the case until we are officially accepted into the AHC. Were in a sort of transitional stage at this time. Over the next six years you are going to learn about alien cultures, traditions, and what is important to them, so you can help create stability between Earthlings and other races, and provide the Universal Mother with a favorable impression of Earth.
Wait a second! Aliens? Aliens are real? And did she just say six years? I just signed off six years of my life? This is real? All of those X-Files shows that I watched were more like documentaries? The conspiracy nuts were right all along?
Pardon me! Maam?
She ignored Roger and went on talking. Click. Another picture filled the screen. You will be working as a galactic ambassador and when-
Maam?
-problems arise, it will be you who-
Maam! Roger fumbled around on the side of the chair until he found the red button again and pressed it. I need to talk to Bloom! He yelled. Please! Maam!
She finally paused, and looked up, obviously displeased.
Im sorry, maam. Roger said, lowering his voice. But I really need to speak to Bloom again.
Without saying anything else, she turned and walked out of view.
*
Chapter 8
AN ATTEMPT TO RENEGOTIATE
Ten minutes later, Bloom appeared. He walked straight past the podium and down to the seats where Roger was sitting and leaned his fanny on the back of one of the seats, folding his arms. He seemed calm.
Whats up, sport? Olga said you pressed the red button.
I want to know whats going on, Bloom! What is this?
What do you mean?
This! What is all this? Roger said, waving his arms.
Its a government training facility, Bloom said, matter-of-factly.
She-that woman-Olga, did you call her - she said something about this taking six years.
Oh yeah, its a brain-full.
Are you telling me that I just committed six years of my life towhatever this is? asked Roger, desperately.
You said okay. Remember? You agreed. This morning.
Roger put his face in his hands. I didnt expect this. This is not what I had in mind, Bloom!
Sometimes you go out for a gallon of milk and end up coming back with a basket full of cobras. Life is funny that way, sport.
In what world are a gallon of milk and a basket full of cobras confused for each other? asked Roger, angrily.
Come on, kid. It aint that bad. What are half the kids in this country going to be doing for the next six years? Playing video games? Playing football? Wasting their time? Youve got a chance to make a difference.
Why me?
Well, there is the fact that youre a loner and no one would notice if you disappeared. Bloom put his hands up apologetically. But thats not all. Youre personable and nonconfrontational. Youre polite. You dont attract a lot of people to you but you do have a way with them. People seem to like you. But at a distance. Thats what were looking for, what we want. Youre sensible and avoid fights  even when youve been bullied. And thats been much of your life.
Thats because Im a coward.
Youre not a coward. Youre a true pacifist, but youre still sensible. I know that you can be tough when the time comes. We want someone with your traits to negotiate with foreign leaders. We need you.
You cant do this to me.
Please, sport. Youre getting the wrong idea. We wouldnt hold you against your will.
Im free to leave?
Of course. Youre a taxpaying American. You can leave.
And thatll be it? I can just walk away?
Pretty muchalmost.
Whats almost?
If you decide to quit well have one of our doctors expunge some details from your memory and then well cut you lose. No problem.
How would a doctorexpunge portions of my memory?
Its nothing. Its like rewinding one of those old video tapessort of. Some minor surgery-a little bit of cutting. There may be some traces of minor brain damage left behind. Often not too severe. Bloom shrugged. You might lose the ability to do some forms of simple math. Sometimes people lose their ability to taste or smell, but rarely both. And youll probably become a drooler. But nothing thats really all that serious. He paused and his eyes wandered, as if he was remembering something or someone. Most of the time.
If I leave, youll tear apart my brain and leave me a drooler?
Not intentionally, sport. But we do have to act in the interest of national security. Bloom put his hands in his pockets. Its still your choice. If you really want to leave you can.
Roger waved his arms across the empty auditorium. Wheres everybody else? Am I the only kid thats been coerced into being awhat did Olga call it? A galactic diplomat?
No, kid. There have been plenty. The program was implemented back in the forties. Right now there are four of us active in the world. And another rookie in training, besides you. You are the 42nd galactic ambassador to represent Earth.
So, youre a galactic diplomat, too?
Agent 7.
You said that there are four active. If youre number 7 and Im 42, then what happened to the others?
Bloom rubbed his mouth. For now, thats classified, Im afraid.
When do I find out?
Eventually. Sometime. Maybe.
You know, Bloom, people are going to wonder where I am.
Not Father Mackey. He knows whats going on. Not your parents. What an interesting pair they are. Bloom shook his head. And not your brother. He just went to college and Ive never seen such a girl hound. There isnt a skirt that boy wont chase. Hell be busy for quite a while.
Somebodys going to care about what happened to me. Somebody will.
No. Im sorry, sport, but they wont. Were not even concerned about anybody down here wondering about you  which I apologize for saying. We are concerned about other parties that might take an interest in you and future interplanetary politics. Thats why we had another kid committed to a mental health facility. Then we met with him and presented him an interesting proposition which allows him to leave the institution. Its predicated on his agreement to get plastic surgery so that hell look exactly like you. Hell do alright. His life was no more fulfilling than yours. Hell get paid well. Were going to set him up in a town that neighbors your hometown with a job delivering pizzas for Pizza Star. Itll look like you quit the seminary and took a job just to get by.
Whats the point of that? Wont somebody wonder where he went?
Probably not, and it doesnt matter where he went. First of all, he will be seen as mentally unstable, just a kid with problems doing his best to get by, the type that interested parties watching Earth might not consider a need to keep track of.
Thats not very fair to him, argued Roger.
Nobody ever claimed that we were fair, sport. Were the deepest cover agency in the world. We cant always afford to play fair. Bloom sighed when he saw the reaction Roger was having. If it makes you feel any better were compensating the kid thats impersonating you with a kings ransom, a real boatload of money to keep his mouth shut.
And I always thought that the majority of our tax dollars went to repairing roads and bridges, said Roger, forlornly.
It all goes toward the same place. Making the world continue to spin.
What do I say to the other guy if I ever run into him?
That wont ever happen. Once you leave here, the two of you will never share the same area of the globe. He wont know who you are or anything about you, Roger. And he wont ever be privy to top secret information like you, should he ever be picked up and questioned.
Picked up by who? You said that nobody would care about me or him. Terror seized Rogers face when the answer dawned on him. You mean, from out there, he said, pointing at the ceiling, like abducted?
It happens.
So, there are eyes on us all the time? Were under constant surveilance, Bloom? By space people?
Space beings. The Universal Mother and many of the advanced cultures watch us. Mostly just peeping, eavesdropping. They find us entertaining. Some races spy with malicious intent. Its frowned upon but we have constant interaction with aliens. Mother tends to look the other way whenever we need to deal with our neighborsfor now. But we need to survive until we are officially accepted into the AHC. Our very existence depends on how others see us treat our fellow beings down here, and our acceptance among the others he pointed to the ceiling out there. And someone with your likeable, humble disposition can help us with that. That is, once youre properly trained.
Roger looked up. Are they watching us right now?
Not in here, sport. This place is different. We can talk here. He pointed at the ceiling. Specially designed. So were the jeeps and the plane you took to get here. Bloom paused, considering how much Roger could handle without having a nervous breakdown. Each trainee was different. Did Olga already tell you that your government has been exchanging ideas and goods with aliens for over seventy years without public knowledge?
She said that.
Its where we acquired three quarters of our technology. Weve been cheating off of the other kids tests, so to speak. I used to get an assignment every other week to show up at some scientists house with a pile of diagrams, hand em over, making the man famous. I remember when we gave a man named Arthur Mote credit for creating the microchip. I told him, Hey, Arthur, how about that? You just invented the tiny tiny chip. I smiled and shook his hand. He looked a little confused until I let him in on the big secret. Bloom made the quotes in the air with his fingers. Of course, at first, back then, we were calling it the tiny tiny chip. Arthur was right. Microchip sounded better.
I cant believe our government has been doing this.
Our government and others. Bloom put his arms back and stretched, cracking his back.
I cant believe people dont know that this has been going on right beneath our noses. Thats hard to believe. Why didnt one of the parties expose this big facade to the people? Why didnt the Democrats say something?
The Democrats? Bloom shook his head. The Democrats, the Republicans, its all the same. Theyre no different. The whole Democrats versus Republicans struggle is just a big song and dance put on for the people of this country so that they feel like they have a say in whats going on in their lives. Practically all of the presidential families are related. You would have thought that fact mightve clued folks in a little bit. Or the fact that when the presidents and top candidates are not standing at podiums accusing each other of all sorts of heinous crimes, theyre generally vacationing together. Somewhere nice and remote, where their children and grandchildren can frolic in the sun and the waves, while hundreds of highly trained agents stand at attention behind palm trees and speak into their leis.
Roger looked confused.
You know. Leis? The little ring of flowers the natives put around your neck when you visit Hawaii? Bloom explained.
Oh, right. Leis, Roger answered, as if something Bloom explained finally made sense.
Bloom sighed. Sometimes it seems like nothings real. He sighed. I used to love to lie on my back as a kid and look at the moon. It was so sad the day they took it.
Took what? Who took it? The moon?
It aint there anymore, kid. Been gone a long time, Bloom told him, sadly.
What are you talking about?asked Roger, shaking his head. I see it all the time.
Johnson had to trade it away for a favor in 1965. What you look up and see above us in the sky is actually an enormous hologram projected by thousands of synchronized satellites on to a cloud of space dust. Yes. It cost us another boatload of taxpayers dollars, if that was what you were about to ask next. People are always wondering how the government can just misplace a few billion dollars here and there. Bloom chuckled. Once, back in ninety one, some kid from Buffalo managed to hack into our computers. He had no idea what he was doing. Just the bizarre result of pounding on all sorts of random numbers, the odds of it happening equal to winning three lotteries back to back. When he was screwing around inside our site, he accidently changed the image from the moon that our satellites project to a giant squirrel gnawing on an acorn. It was up there for thirty eight full seconds. You would not believe the amount of clean up and double talk that is necessary after only thirty eight seconds of chaos.
I cant believe any of the things Im hearing, said Roger, looking down at the floor. I keep expecting to wake up and this will all be a horrible dream.
Itll be alright, kid.
Will it?
I like to think so. Bloom gave Roger a moment and then pointed at the ceiling. A picture of a young man that looked a lot like Bloom appeared above them. The man in the picture had his arm around a small wrinkly being with a large head. Thats Cronus. He was my first contact. I was just a young agent when he crashed at Roswell. Been one of my best friends ever since.
The Roswell crash. Is that you in the picture? Thats not you?
Thats me.
But that was 1946.
47.
How old are you?
Ninety six. Bloom sighed. And Im getting tired.
Thats not possible. You dont look all that old.
Sure it is. You just eat those nasty flat beans that your grandmother always forced on you. The chalky ones.
Lima beans?
Thats the critters.
Really?
Maybe. Bloom put his hands in his pockets. Youve got a lot to learn kid. But youll be up to speed in about six years. Bloom smiled. I gotta get goin and youve got to get started.
I need to get this straight.
Give it a shot, sport.
So you set some poor kid up to look like hes crazy, institutionalized him, cut a deal with him to have facial surgery so he looks like me and keeps his mouth shut by letting him out and paying him a pile of cash. Correct so far?
Your hard earned taxpaying dollars at work again.
Then you train me for six years, relocate the other guy- maybe change his face back to normal, then replace him with me  after Ive been trained, so that I can negotiate with aliens on Earths behalf without interference so that a galactic government doesnt eliminate human life?
Now youve got it, sport. Its a big shell game. Well slip you back into society all ready to go and youll take his spot delivering pizzas. Outside groups that watch our planet will believe that a bright kid like you was always accounted for. The best agents our government has to offer hide right in plain sight. Theres an agent that runs a cleaning companyI guess I shouldnt say too much, but hes truly someone to behold. I sure wouldnt want to be on the wrong side of him. Bloom shuddered at the thought. Does a hell of a job with shag carpeting too.
So, if anyone asks what Ive been up to for the past six years after I get out of here, I have to tell them that I was just delivering pizzas?
Not just any pizza. Pizza Star pizza. Its really good. You know the slogan. Pizza Star: where we make the pizza and treat you like a star. Best pie around. Ever had a slice?
Yeah. Its pretty good, I guess, Roger said, still looking a little forlorn. Why Pizza Star?
The owner was once kidnapped by Trusians and we managed to get him home.
What are Trusians?
Pirates, thieves, vandals - plant people, the true miscreants of the universe. They buzz around the galaxy in their Rokrangs, terrorizing and destroying. Nothing but bullies. They never shouldve been allowed into the AHC. I have no idea why Mother hasnt done anything about them. Maybe after admittance a race is untouchable.
The AHC, the Universal Mother, wicked Trusians, and nobody has a clue about whats going on above them.
Youll learn. Anyway, Bud Pratt, the owner of the Pizza Star chain, was out strolling one evening at his brothers farm when Trusians flew by and beamed him up. Set up camp nearby on Mars and partied on clauster gas until they were thoroughly sadistic. Tortured him for days. It was no simple trick getting him back. He was about the most grateful man Id ever seen.
They tortured him?
Youre not ready to hear the details about that, kid. Blooms eyes were distant for a second, as though he was reliving something in his mind. He suddenly broke out of his trance. So, he asked if there was any way he could repay us. He already knew way too much so we brought him in and let him work for us.
Better than brain damage I guess, said Roger. Six years Im going to be stuck here, he said, shaking his head.
The six years will go by like a blip.
How do you really even know Ill be good at this?
Weve got a pretty good feeling, sport. Those priests at St. Joes work out a full cognitive profile of who you are when you arrive. Psych tests, IQ tests, tests that screen for personality disorders. We knew who we were getting. Youre a Dudley Do-Right. You always choose to do the right thing. Believe it or not, I do my best to do the right thing, too. Its not always easy to know what that is. Bloom stood up and pulled his hands out of his pockets. Youre going to be alright, sport.
Am I? asked Roger.
Yes. Bloom assured him. He took a couple of steps and then turned and looked back at him. Pretty sure. Bloom paused. Ill see you in six, sport. Then Bloom turned and walked out. And as he promised, Roger wouldnt see him for another six years.
*
Chapter 9
BOB: THE MOST DEVASTATING
I just realized that you must have been wondering why I havent introduced myself to you. I wasnt trying to be rude and it wasnt an oversight. I cant tell you my name, but I can tell you a little bit about myself. I am from planet 162243. We are called Akflorns and are known throughout the galaxy for our engineering expertise. Many of the other planets employ us to build highly technical pieces of machinery for them. As I stated, it wasnt poor manners that left out my introduction. The problem is that by just uttering my name I would cause you to simultaneously bleed from your ears and wet yourself. It is because of the incompatible nature of our language and your biology, specifically your audio membrane. That is also why I only communicate in your language and spare you the risk of harm that using any of our words might cause you. This isnt a totally uncommon occurrence between species. There is a sound in your language that can actually kill the sickly, young, or old, of our species, and several other species, as well. If uttered in front of a healthy virile member of my people, the sound only renders us sterile. It is not only dangerous to us but a terribly ugly sound and none of us can fathom why you incorporated it into your languages. We put a blocking mechanism into our audio translation device that produces sound waves which are exactly the opposite of the waves produced by the dangerous sound. As a result, the sound is canceled out. We made the adjustment to our equipment after learning of the horrible mishap that took place when the Morblins listened to unfiltered Earth language. It happened shortly after they had learned of your planet. They tuned in on their culture screen and the utterance of your offending sound caused some of their heads to explode, leaving the victims with only three remaining. As always, I will take the precaution of separating the letters of this hideous audio bomb. Im only telling you what creates the sound in case you ever need to speak to aliens that have no safety filter in their translators. Using the English alphabet, the first is the sound a B makes - followed by your O - and then the deadly finish with another B. Sounded together the letters create a grotesque and dangerous noise. A human noise weapon.
As we followed your daily lives, most all of us had grown fond of you. Of the 25,510 advanced cultures that make up the AHC , I only know of 12 cultures that wanted to see your species made extinct and three of those cant really even be counted. The Ramlons, Petrubials, and Wankmoes all wanted to see your extinction because during their rise to an advanced state they polluted much of their planets beyond repair. The Wankmoes had even built an enormous ship that bore some similarity to the anteater of your planet, having a very long hose that they could just dip down to your surface and vacuum all of you up. When submitting their request to the Universal Mother for your planet, they generously offered a solution for clearing you out while not directly killing you. Their idea was to scoop all of you up and discard you on the other side of your moon and allow nature to sort out your fate. (I call it your moon out of its past association with your planet but it rightfully belongs to the Mamarans whose leader won it gambling with a former American president  he lied to your people and insisted that it was leveraged to cover a debt that Earthlings had incurred).The Universal Mother denied the Wankmoes request after some consideration. The Ramlons, and Petrubials also wanted the planet intact, along with all of its inhabitants, except for its governing species (that would be you humans). As youve learned, that hasnt always been an option. Leaving the planet intact and removing its occupants is a fairly recent idea that the Universal Mother considers.
The standard destruction of a planet by the Universal Arm (the Universal Mothers army  also known as Mothers Arm) is really very dramatic. Half a billion of the best trained soldiers in the universe slip through a wormhole in the space blanket, piloting a ship, thats easily as big as the planet being considered for termination (really far bigger than necessary). Then they wait, hovering between that planet and its sun, casting it into complete darkness. We call this the Menacing Eclipse of Judgment. The Universal Mother then renders a final decision which either ends in a joyful welcoming of the planet to the AHC, or after making the planets inhabitants bask in fear for the better part of the day, the ship suddenly fires a termination bolt into the planet, completely obliterating it, before sailing back through the wormhole. The whole process is really very intimidating.
Under certain situations in which a planet has been deemed not worthy of continuation, but a majority vote from the AHC is to give the condemned planet a second chance, the Helletec will be granted. The Helletec is an opportunity for a planet to merit its existence by proving itself worthy in front of their intergalactic peers by winning a series of challenges. One member of the planet will be chosen, and upon that one member the balance of the planets existence will rest. If the chosen warrior is successful the planet will be spared. But that is an entirely different story. And we are concentrating on the squabble between Earth and Tiny Earth in this document.
I used to wonder what was the point of sending half a billion of the best trained soldiers of the universe to destroy a planet if they never even get out of the ship, if they were intending all along to destroy the planet with the big blue bolt of condemnation. One soldier would suffice to press the button that delivers the big blue bolt. Even a tiny squishy Glumner could do it by climbing up on the button and bouncing. So, obviously, the overindulgent number of soldiers is just for show. Much of the method of species annihilation is about show. The Universal Mother is just flexing her biceps so that shell never see another ridiculous attempt at mutiny, like when the Glumners, that I just mentioned, a highly intelligent and very creative species of slugs, demanded that the practice of destroying emerging cultures desist, or else. They demanded that the Universal Mother answer the question, who are you to decide which planets get to go on in their development and which planets are to be destroyed? The Glumners, like many of the higher cultures, found the practice reprehensible. After the Universal Mother asked the Glumners what the consequences would be if they did not discontinue the practice, the slugs realized that, not only were they opposed to any form of violence in theory, they were also completely incapable of it. The Glumners are very small and squishy, and they have no arms or legs with which to aim a weapon or inflict harm with a blow or a kick. Theyve never even built any weapons. Theyre so slow that sometimes movement is nearly imperceptible. And, on top of all that, theyre really quite lazy. They mostly lie around, snack, and discuss the finer points of mud. They thoroughly enjoy sleeping in for most of the day. If their leader ever did schedule a rebellion against the Universal Mother, three quarters of them wouldnt even show up until much of it was over. After coming to that realization, they told the Universal Mother to just never mind what they had said. It was the first time the Glumners had ever voiced much of an opinion about anything since being admitted into the AHC, that being some thirty thousand years previously, and so the Universal Mother turned a blind eye to their audacity. That, and the fact that the Glumners are just so darn cute.
*
Chapter 10
OLGAS LIGHT TOUCH
For the next six years Roger saw no one but Olga. She was his teacher, his therapist, his sparring partner, his confidant, and only friend in the world. As old as she was, she was incredibly strong and mobile. Roger would often find himself panting for air and hanging on to his knees at the finish of an obstacle course while Olga, in her generic grey sweat suit, jogged in place and berated him in her native tongue.
They ran drills in which Olga asked Roger questions about other alien cultures, putting him in situations where he would have to decide what the best course of action was to take.
You are meeting a Gloglan leader. How is he greeted? Olga asked, reading from a large book.
I touch my forehead to his forehead for ten seconds.
Good. What would happen if you attempted to shake his hand?
I would immediately have my hand chopped off by one of his standing guards for attempting to touch their leader with my appendage that cleans my waste orifice.
Correct. she paged through the book. How is waving seen among the Gleepnings?
The same as we see the extended middle finger.
Right. Very good. She offered a rare smile. You dont seem as stupid today as you normally do.
Thank you, Olga.
You are at a Magmolian wedding and the brother of the groom grabs your left hand and bites it. How do you respond?
A smart smack to his third eye so that the rest of the Magmolians respect me and see that I dont fear them, Roger responded, his eyebrow raised, while he waited to see if he was right.
Olga pushed a button, and from the side screens, holograms of vicious Magmolians converged on Roger, grunting and waving large daggers. Even though it was simulated it was so lifelike that Roger screamed. Olga froze the image, Magmolians inches away, their large jaws open hungrily, their angry eyes trained on him.
If you are lucky enough that the grooms brother bites your hand, you hold out your other hand! After he bites that one, you bite him on the elbow. His biting is a symbol that you are being allowed into their family. Your return bite tells him that you graciously accept. She shook her head with disgust. Youve got to learn these customs, Roger. Otherwise you could get Earth into an unnecessary conflict that could end our existence.
Im sorry, Olga. Ill study harder.
Yes, you will.
Both the mental training and the physical training went on day after day, and many times Roger actually feared he would break down and be unable to continue. But it didnt happen and he continually got stronger.
One day while they were wrestling, Roger felt the need to open up to Olga.
Olga, he said, his voice strained with exertion, while he struggled from beneath her sweaty armpit, trying to avoid an armbar.
What? she barked back at him, locking his arm between hers and twisting at the elbow joint.
Do you like me?
What!
I asked you whether you liked me, said Roger, groaning with pain.
Olga released his arm and rolled off him.
I couldve broken your elbow three times in this match already, yet you still have two working arms. Does that answer your question? She mopped the sweat from her forehead with the back of her sleeve.
Thank you, Olga, Roger said, remaining in a lying position.
Again. She jumped to her feet. Lets go! Get in position to fight. We have to chase the weakness out of you through repetition. You are still scrawny, soft, and flabby.
I never had many friends, Olga, Roger continued.
And who needs them? She grabbed his arm and started to pull him up.
Olga, Roger said, trying to free his wrist. Can we please just take a break for a second?
We only have two years left to make you somewhat better than a pathetic excuse to represent Earth. If you advance no farther than this you will be eaten alive out there. There is no time to rest. She pulled on him and he slid around on the mat, forcing his weight as low as he could get it. Stop making like a lifeless bag of goo! she demanded.
I wont fight back, Olga. I need a break.
Then Ill just body slam you and body slam you until you are forced to defend yourself.
Then you can just kill me, Roger said, obstinately. I dont care.
Stop being a baby.
Olga, please. Im asking you as a friend to talk with me. She stopped pulling and stared at him but her grip remained on his wrist. You said that you liked me enough not to break my arm. Thats something.
She sighed and released his wrist. What is it, tiny flabby crybaby?
Why do you think I didnt have any friends growing up?
Ahh! I dont know, she groaned. Perhaps it is because youve always been tremendously weak. But we can fix that, she said, grabbing for his wrist again. He yanked it away and hid it in his armpit before she could get a hold of it.
And what about my parents? Roger asked. I had a terrible childhood. They didnt even like me when I was a baby.
They donated the sperm and egg. Otherwise you wouldnt be here now.
Thats not love, Roger said, shaking his head.
What do you care? Love? Love is nothing. It doesnt make you survive. It cant fracture a fibula for you. Training and knowledge. They are all you need.
I want more than that, Olga. I need more than that, said Roger, sadly. Youve never loved anyone?
No need, she said, flatly.
I have a little trouble believing that, said Roger, looking more closely at Olga than made her comfortable.
You believe it or next time I will fracture your elbow instead of baby you.
Sorry.
She shrugged. You said that your older brother cared for you.
He was the only one.
Then you had one. Some people have no one. Stop complaining.
Roger sighed. Maybe youre right. Im just weak.
Theres no question that youre weak. Youre definitely weak. She grabbed his wrist and pulled him to his feet. Roger?
Yes, Olga?
I like you, Roger. She patted his shoulder gently. There! Then she slammed her knee into his solar plexus, dropping him to the mat, where she quickly dropped down on top of him and applied another arm bar.
*
Chapter 11
TOUCH LIGHT TRAINING
Toward the end of his training Olga set up a camera and told Roger to stand in front of it inside a circle that was surrounded by mattresses on all sides. She walked around the mattresses laying towels down.
We are going to learn the ultimate fighting style to use against primate descendants today. We are going to employ a technique called Touch Light Training. I will give you directions from this rotating chair, she said, climbing up on to what looked like a recliner perched atop a steel pole. I will not be seeing you as we train. You will be following all of my directions. A small green light will hover in the space before you and you will touch that light using the body part that I call out. This action will create the perfect series of strokes to defeat primate descended opponents. I will film this procedure and when it is perfected I will play the film back for you. Get ready?
I dont understand. Why dont I just spar with you the way Ive learned all of my fighting techniques?
This is not the same. It is completely different. She flipped a toggle and her chair started to rotate. She started calling out limbs and directions. Right foot, left knee, right elbow, touch light, touch light, touch light. Now hunker down. Roger did his best to follow. Pop back up. Left knee, right foot, right knee. Wobble your head from side to side. Squat low. Rock back and forth on your haunches. Pop up. It was a blistering pace. Right hand, left hand, right hand, touch light, touch light, touch light. Sway. Pelvic thrust. Turn your head side to side. Now-
Olga! Roger stopped, while the light danced before him. She shut off her chair, the motor hummed as it slowed down to a stop. This doesnt make sense. I dont understand this. I feel stupid doing this.
Then feel stupid! But continue to train! Yours is not to question! This may save your life one day! Get in position!
But I dont get it. Why wont you explain it better to me?
It is better to experience. You will learn! You will perfect! You will see! she said, pointing at the camera. Now, continue the exercise!
He stared at her with his hands at his sides.
Everything I teach you is for you. I have dedicated my life to it. You are a spoiled baby!
Im sorry, Olga, he said, when he realized she was right. She had given up her life doing anything else, just to train agents like him.
No sorry! You work!
He sighed. Yes, Olga. He assumed the stance again and she turned the chair back on so that it rotated.
Right foot, left foot, left elbow, touch light, touch light, touch light. Windmill the arms. Sway back and forth.
They trained Touch Light for better than a week before Olga told Roger that he was ready to review his work on film. She did not watch it with him. He then understood what she had been teaching him. It was a devastating way of fighting. Later that year, Roger graduated. Olga presented him with a single cupcake with one candle in it.
You are finally more than a tiny baby now. You are a toddler, she said, wiping her eye. Roger pretended not to see the second tear slip down her cheek. It is time for you to go out there and continue to grow. She hugged him tight enough to take his breath away. She held him that way for nearly a minute. And then with a sigh, she released him, and turned and walked off, her head down, her shoulders shaking lightly, never looking back, as she exited through the same door that she had originally entered, six years before.
*
Chapter 12
GRADUATION DAY AND NO PARTY?
The door opened. Roger looked up from the table where he had been waiting, hands locked together in front of him.
Like a blip? asked Bloom, standing in the doorway with a black leather satchel.
Just as he had said, Roger hadnt seen him in six years, and suddenly he was there, ready to set Roger free.
Huh?
Like a blip. Did the six years go by like a blip? Bloom asked again.
It went by like six years.
Youre doing okay, sport. Olga left you in one piece. She already make you take the oath?
Yeah, did it.
Bloom reached out to shake his hand. Roger took it. Congratulations and welcome aboard. They shook. Bloom pulled out the chair opposite Roger and sat down. You look good.
I look the same.
And thats good. Bloom smiled. Cheer up. I brought you some gifts.
Gifts? Roger said, sitting up. Whatd you bring me?
Some toys that you get to use in your work. He reached down, picked up the satchel, and set it on the table. He opened it up and pulled out what looked like a pen.
A pen? Roger asked, looking disappointed. I can get a pen.
This is your umbrella.
Roger looked confused. Maybe for a hamster.
It has a couple of functions that you are going to appreciate. The first use is for image alteration. Your umbrella can change the movement of the molecules in your face and hair so that they produce a different appearance. Youll use this whenever you travel off Earth so that no one you see out there will be able to ID you back here. You simply picture the features you want to alter, like your eye and hair color, and concentrate on them. You have to refresh that image in your mind every so often or your appearance will revert back to normal. You wont be able to design your own face at first. Its best when youre inexperienced to picture a face youre familiar with and focus on that. Maybe a close friend or someone a little bit famous  a B list celebrity. It takes some getting used to. Bloom held up the device and twisted the middle. Watch me. Slowly Blooms eyes changed from brown to blue. His hair changed from dark with gray to a shiny blond, and his skin became supple and tan. The last change he made was a cleft that slowly sunk into his chin.
You look like youre ready to join a boy band, said Roger. Bloom ignored the comment.I might permanently change my face to look like Ryan Gosling.
You can only do it for so long at a time, sport. Its kind of like balancing a book on your head. The longer you do it the more mentally exhausting it is, explained Bloom.
This onell have to do, I guess.
The other use for your umbrella is as a blanket that hides you from electronic surveillance. It transmits a small electromagnetic field when you press the button on top of it that distorts all communication waves, allowing you to act without being surveyed when necessary. It sort of folds you in between what is visible electronically. The most sophisticated piece of machinery that could catch your image when you have your umbrella up would be a telescope. And nothing but good ol ears will be able to pick up sound coming from you. Your umbrella can also be used as an EMP device. EMP stands for electromagnetic pulse.
Ive heard of EMP. The pulse fries out electrical circuits.
Right. But you can contain the energy to a small area and shut down a single device.
Like a car?
Sure.
An atom splitter?
Sure.
A pinball machine?
Stop being a smartass.
Sorry.
Bloom handed him the umbrella. Try not to catch people in the field when you direct the EMP energy at something. One minute in the electromagnetic field roughly equals a twenty five year conversation with a cell phone glued to your ear. It tends to cause cancer.
Roger looked at the device and nodded before stuffing it into his pocket. Bloom reached into the bag again and pulled out a set of headphones with a speaker on top of them. He also pulled out two small sets of ear plugs.
Does either of those come with an IPOD?
Translators. He held up the headphones. This goes on top of your head. The language coming in is translated and relayed through the cups that go over your ears and when you speak it is translated into their language and comes from the small speaker located on the top of the unit.
Groovy.
You make fun but you shouldve seen the pair I started with. Bloom pointed to them. And yes. They are very groovy. Its all about communication, sport. Then he held up one set of the small plugs. These are also very handy. They go into the ears of the subject youre communicating with. Then he held up the others. These go into your ear. Telepathy. So you and the subject can hear each others thoughts. He slid them across the table to Roger.
Why not just forego the groovy headphones and communicate with the telepathic ear buds?Roger asked, rolling one of the buds in his fingers, examining it. Get right to the point?
Sometimes during conflict resolution you prefer others to hear your words and not your thoughts. You understand.
Can I try them out on you?
Read my mind by looking at my eyes. What do you think? Bloom shook his head and reached back into the bag. He pulled out what appeared to be a cell phone.
A phone?
Not just any phone. This one can send a signal up to five hundred light years away. And it can receive a signal from up to seventy five hundred light years away. Of course, sometimes there is a bit of lag, but then you cant have everything. It also has special apps. Bloom turned it on. Here, Bloom said, handing Roger the phone. This one has been preset for you. Press the volume button up and then the number 42. Then down and 42. Then up and 4242. That brings up some special features. Now, point it at me and press the volume button. Roger took the phone and did as he was told. The screen lit up and Roger could see Bloom standing in his boxers.
Pretty handy if youre wondering whether a man prefers boxers or briefs, Roger said, still staring at the tiny screen.
Bloom groaned and reached over and pressed the volume button again. An x-ray of Blooms internal organs filled it. Allows you to see whos really human. You might be standing in an airport and somebody isnt quite behaving right. You point the phone at him and  how about that  he happens to have three hearts. Pretty handy, sport. Weve had a tremendous influx of tourists lately.
But can I make calls with it?
Of course, its a phone. Even has blue tooth. You keep your phone with you at all times. Even in the shower. Calls from other agents or from the bureau will disappear from your phone after twenty minutes, leaving no trace they were ever made. You know, in case your phone fell into the wrong hands.
Roger ran the phone back and forth across Blooms body. I dont want to alarm you but I think youd really better schedule an appointment to have your prostate examined. Does not look good, he said contorting his face.
Bloom shook his head and reached into the bag. He pulled out a pack of strawberry gum and set it on the table in front of Roger. Roger started to reach for it but drew his hand back cautiously. What is it?
Its gum. Strawberry, he said, pointing to it. I picked it up at the ReadyMart on my way here.
Oh, Roger said, picking it up and putting it in his pocket. Thanks.
Last, Bloom pulled out a typical looking fast food uniform, shirt, pants, and hat. Red and yellow. The shirt had a logo on the back of a sun with slices of pizza coming from it like rays. Above that, the Pizza Star name was embroidered. The hat was styled similarly. Your uniform. Bloom slid it across the table for Roger to examine. That uniforms very important.
Roger looked it over and shook his head with disappointment.
Youll grow to appreciate that uniform, said Bloom, very seriously. He slid Roger the satchel to carry everything. Well thats it, sport.
Wait. Dont I get some type of ray gun or light sword to protect myself?
Youre an ambassador for a reason, kid. We want to solve our problems with words, not war. Bloom reached into his pocket and handed Roger a card. Dont program that number into your phone. Its Bud Pratts emergency line. My number is in your phone. You call Bud if for some reason you cant get a hold of me. Bloom pointed to the door. Consider this graduation day.
Dont I get a party or a car or something and a proper pep talk? You know, something like, youre going out into the world now, young man, and those of us that came before you are depending on you to make this planet a better place.
You get the honor of sacrificing your life for all humankind without so much as a thank you. Hows that sound, sport?
I guess Ill take it.
Bloom shrugged. Ill be in touch. Bloom pointed to the door.
Roger left the room, walking back into the world, a free man.
*
Chapter 13
BS SCHOLARS AND THEIR FEAR OF HEIGHTS
Bloom remained in the room after Roger left, his arms folded on the table. If it was possible for a mans head to burst at the seams because it was overstuffed with bad memories, that surely wouldve been Blooms fate. Seventy years in the business of visiting other planets and negotiating with the natives had permanently shaped him, creating a continual playback of memories and emotions. Fear, joy, sadness, satisfaction, and hope for the human race. The memories ran through his mind on a continual loop like an old 8-track that was left to play for eternity. Some days, his memories made life really hard, but he never let anyone see it. As he sat alone in the room, he thought back about his first mission abroad. A planet called Mabella, and the inhabitants, Trohacks, beings that resembled a mixture of a human and a bird. They had man-like bodies with wings that spanned twenty feet, silver dollar-sized black eyes with no visible lids, a toenail-like beak, a red and black plume of hair that ran in a line over the center of their gray heads like a Mohawk. They wore armor made of a dark blue metal with decorated portions done in gold.
Cronus, the small alien who survived the Roswell crash, mentored Bloom in the customs of our neighbors, and accompanied him on his first missions. Bloom remembered the dense, hot, moist jungle they hacked through with machetes - more accurately, that Bloom hacked through - while Cronus followed behind him. Cronus wasnt exactly a physical specimen, standing barely over three feet tall and weighing no more than seventy pounds. Bloom was absolutely pouring with sweat, stopping to pull the canteen from his belt and slug water, more and more frequently, while they struggled to reach their destination. He had a parachute and a large canvas bag strapped to his back, and a length of rope over his shoulder, making the trek that much harder. The Trohacks lived in trees that ranged from a hundred to three hundred feet and were populated with enormous black thorns all the way up from the base of the trunk to the top of the tree. At the top of the tree where the Trohacks built their nests was a soft, colorful, cotton-like web which was red, blue or green. The nests were huge, housing families from twelve to twenty. The Trohacks broadcasted an electromagnetic field so that no flying ships or machines that traveled on the ground could surprise them with an attack.
Thats it, said Cronus, pointing to a towering tree with a red top, while bloom bent over and grabbed his knees and rested. Cronus pulled the canteen from Blooms belt and took a long pull while Bloom watched on with eyebrows raised. Cronus finished by pouring some of the water over his head. He noticed the way Bloom was looking at him. What?
Bloom straightened up and snatched the canteen back from his friend. Why did they take her? He took another drink from the canteen.
The her that Bloom was referring to was a mother of four from Ohio named Gladys Potner who had been vacationing with her family at Yellow Stone Park when she was abducted.
Pretty simple reason. Humans are a delicacy here, answered Cronus. It hasnt actually become official galactic law yet but it is widely frowned upon to eat you now.
If its not a law then how am I going to get them to give her up? asked Bloom.
You know, just do like you Earthlings do, and bend the truth a little.
Are you being serious, Cronus? You want me to bullshit them? asked Bloom, trying to contain his frustration. Thats not going to work!
Call it whatever you want but youll need to be creative and convincing. Thats all weve got to work with. Cronus took a piece of parchment from his pocket and handed it to Bloom. There. Use that. Pretend you have an official order from the Universal Mother.
What if they ask to read it?
Cronus snatched the parchment back from Bloom with a groan and pulled a pencil from his pocket. He scribbled something across the paper and then handed it to him again. Thats Bedlin Moon Script, only used by scholars, and one of the rarest languages known in the Universe. Trohacks dont read that language and they wont have a translator for it. You can tell them it says whatever you want.
Why do you know that language? asked Bloom.
Figure it out, replied Cronus, indignantly.
How do we know that we arent just wasting our time and that Mrs. Potner isnt already bird shit?
Tradition, habit, however the Trohacks reason it, they hold their prey for a week before they eat it. Its only been six days since Mrs. Potner went missing.
Bloom sighed, as he looked up the tree. Im not real good with heights. Never have been since I fell out of a hayloft and broke my leg when I was a kid. He turned his attention back to Cronus. Why is it again that you cant go up there with me?
Be reasonable. I cant make it all the way up there, Bloom. Youll just have to climb up there and handle the Trohacks by yourself. You can do this.
Bloom looked up to the top of the tree and sighed again.
Here, let me help you with that, Cronus said, pulling the canvas bag from Blooms back. It was too heavy for him and caused him to lose his balance and fall on his back. Bloom grabbed the bag off of him and pulled him back to his feet. Cronus dusted himself off and then pointed to the bag. Put your goggles and your communicator on, Bloom.
Bloom reached into the bag and extracted a giant pair of ear cones attached to a metal helmet with a speaker on top that was as big as his head, not nearly as conservative as the pair that he would later issue Roger. He put the goggles on first. Then Bloom donned the awkward contraption. I look like a bug.
Make sure to buckle it. The last thing you want to do is reach the top of the tree after your communicator has fallen all the way down to the ground. Without being able to communicate with them youre probably nothing more than a conveniently delivered second course. Cronus pointed to the rope. Remember to fasten the rope to Mrs. Potner as quick as you can. Otherwise one of the Trohacks might snatch her and fly away before you can negotiate her release.
Bloom nodded. Then he fastened the helmet with the heavy leather strap that buckled under his chin. He looked ridiculous.
Do you remember how to greet them? asked Cronus.
Bloom nodded. Bent elbows, flapping.
Okay, Bloom. Go ahead, said Cronus, pointing to the tree.
Wait. If we cant fly a transport in here to take us down how am I going to get Mrs. Potner down from the tree with me?
Thats what the parachute on your back is for.
Thats not just a safety precaution? I have to jump? asked Bloom, his face turning white.
After you fasten Mrs. Potner to you with the rope. Then you jump, count to three, and pull the ripcord. Once you land, well follow our path back through the jungle. Simple Simon.
I feel simple just standing here with you, said Bloom, shaking his head.
Come on, Bloom. Stiff upper lip. Now, off you go.
*
Chapter 14
A LONG WAY TO THE TOP
Bloom used the thorns like a mountain climber uses footholds. He forced himself to continually look up toward his destination so that he wouldnt look down and lose his nerve. He could see the colorful tops of other, shorter, trees, as he passed them, climbing the monster that rose all of the three hundred feet that had been described to him during the first briefing back on Earth. Luckily, the shorter trees didnt have any nests in them. He thought about a doctor back on Earth he knew who had a tremendous imagination. They got together occasionally, got drunk, played cards, and traded stories. The doctor was telling Bloom during their last visit how frustrated he was. He had been writing and illustrating childrens books. He loved drawing the most bizarre characters; too bizarre, according to the many publishers that had rejected his work. Bloom looked out across the trees and thought about how his friend wouldve reacted if he had seen these bizarre, cartoon-like monster trees. It brought a smile to his face. But there was no way Bloom was ever going to get drunk enough to describe the trees on Mabella to the doctor.
Suddenly Bloom heard something. Rustling? Scratching? No. It was something else above him that was climbing the tree. He froze and strained his eyes, as he looked way up the tree. Something gray was coming down toward him. It was long, covering a good twelve to fifteen feet. He couldnt make out what it was until it got closer. It was a line of what looked like woodticks, but they were each the size of his fist, and there were hundreds of them working their way down the tree, coming right at him. Bloom looked down, considering whether he could climb all the way back to the ground ahead of them, but when he saw the distance below to where a miniature Cronus stood, his heart leapt into his mouth. Instead, he chose to stay as still as he could manage. The bugs didnt even slow down as they crawled over him. Bloom cringed and mumbled to himself as tiny rows of legs marched across his body. As they went over his face he quickly realized why Cronus had given him the goggles. He kept his lips pursed tightly but he still felt their little legs scrape against his teeth. After the better part of a minute the bugs were past him and heading toward the ground. He shook with disgust and spat. I hope those bastards eat you, Cronus, mumbled Bloom, as he started up the tree again. When he finally reached the cotton-like, red webbing, he pulled his knife from his belt and cut a hole in the sticky soft material so that he could climb up into the nest through the bottom. Small branches had been used for support while building the nest and some of those were thick enough that Bloom had to stop and snap them with his hands in order to keep climbing. He reached the last layer of web and made another hole. He snuck his head up through the floor. The nest had to be fifty feet across. There were Trohacks lying against the walls of the nest in small groups. Fortunately, Mrs. Potner was fairly close to where he had made his entry hole. She was lying on her side, facing the area where Bloom was about to enter. He could see that her face was puffy and she was red around the eyes, indications that she had been crying for days. There were tiny Trohacks bunched together in one side of the nest, raising their beaks, squawking, and nipping at the air. Through his translator Bloom could hear them saying, Eat! Eat! Eat! Suddenly he realized that Mrs. Potner was looking right at him. She pushed up on her elbows. Oh no! Bloom realized what she was looking at. The translator speaker! He had forgotten that he had such a big speaker mounted on his head. Trohacks were getting to their feet, pointing at the strange object coming up through their nest.
*
Chapter 15
WILL IT BE TWO STAYING FOR DINNER?
Bloom poked his head the rest of the way into the nest, ready for all of the Trohacks to see him.
When Mrs. Potner saw that, as strange as Bloom looked, he was actually human, she screamed, Help me! Please help me!
Bloom twisted and turned against the twigs and web that were stuck to his arms and legs, breaking into the nest and stumbling to his feet. He did his best Roy Rogers impression, pulling the rope from his arm and swinging it above his head before casting it and lassoing Mrs. Potner. He drew the slack from it. Then he hunkered down and bent his arms like wings, preparing to give the Trohack greeting. He pumped them up and down three times and said, Greetings, Trohacks. I come in peace on behalf of Earth to negotiate the release of our citizen, Gladys Renee Potner of Ohio, whom you unlawfully removed from our planet during the third phase of our moon. It came out of the speaker on top of his head like a series of loud squawks. He pulled the parchment from his pocket and held it out. You Trohacks are in violation of Galactic Law 4479538. The Unlawful Abduction of an Emerging Intelligent Species. He stuffed the parchment back in his pocket. If you do not adhere to this law and release the Earthling immediately you will be penalized with the Blue Bolt of Condemnation that will be executed by the Mothers Arm.
Gladys Potner struggled to her feet, screaming hysterically, but Bloom yanked the rope, knocking her back down. He dragged her across the nest until she was at his feet, all the while, maintaining eye contact with the Trohacks. Finally one of the Trohacks raised his arm. He was obviously the leader. He walked across the nest and stopped in front of Bloom, towering over him. He was enormous, over seven feet, by Blooms calculation. He looked down at Bloom and squawked, and through the cones on his ears Bloom heard, The parchment, Earthling. The Trohack held out his hand. Bloom reluctantly slid the paper out of his pocket and held it out, keeping his best poker face.
The Trohack examined the parchment. He continued to look it over for nearly a minute while Bloom began to worry. Cronus had told him that it would be simple. He felt a trickle of sweat run down his face. Mrs. Potner started to whimper and Bloom quelled her outburst with a sharp kick. Sorry, he muttered, looking down at her. He couldnt afford an outburst right now. Even though the Trohacks eyes were totally different from a humans, Bloom thought he recognized something in them. Confusion. The Trohack couldnt read the note but he didnt want the others in the nest to lose respect for him so he was pretending to read it. That mustve been what he was doing. After a minute he tossed the parchment back in Blooms face.
Im going to leave now with Mrs. Potner, Bloom told him. He had done it. The leader had believed the note. Bloom pulled Mrs. Potner to her feet and secured her to him with the rope but the Trohack pointed at Bloom, indicating for them to hold on.
Are you a great scholar, Earthling? he asked Bloom.
A great scholar? Bloom repeated him.
You must be a great scholar. You gave me a note written in Bedlin Moon Script that says: You can go ahead and stick your enormous tree right up your soft feathery bottom, Trohack. How does that sound? The Trohack leaned in close to Bloom and Bloom could see his own frightened reflection staring back at him from shiny onyx mirrors. I studied on Maramooth, the scholars planet, for over a decade, Earthling. I know more about your planet than you do. But you are you so arrogant that you mock me?
No, said Bloom, cursing Cronus, under his breath for being so cocky. I dont mean to mock you.
I respect beings of great intelligence, Earthling, but I suspect that you are not one of them. We dont eat the more sophisticated beings we encounter. We see humans the way you see pigs.
Bloom was racking his brain for a way out of the jam they were in. Finally he thought of something. It was a long shot. I propose a contest, he told the Trohack. I have an Earth riddle. You are obviously very smart. If you cant answer my riddle then I ask you to let me and the woman go.
And if I answer your riddle correctly, then both of you are staying for dinner. Are you smart enough to understand what I am implying, Earthling?
I understand and agree to your terms, said Bloom, nervously.
The riddle, Earthling, ask me.
You and some of your men are out hunting. You are far from your homes in an area where no one lives. You come upon a clearing where there is no vegetation. There are two Earthlings in the clearing, both of which have packs on. One of the Earthlings is dead and the other is alive. The Earthling who is alive has his pack open and the Earthling who is dead has his pack closed. What is in the dead mans pack?
The Trohack thought hard as he stared at Bloom and Bloom stared back. The other Trohacks were riveted. Finally the Trohack in charge clenched his fist, angrily, and said, Is it some type of antidote for poison, Earthling? The men mustve gotten bitten. Thats what it is.
Bloom pointed to the pack he was wearing. Its a parachute that didnt open. With that, he turned and leapt from the tree with Mrs. Potner. And then they were falling, tumbling through space, and Bloom was fumbling around for the ripcord, and he bit his lip to keep from screaming. And he and the woman continued to fall, and suddenly BAM!
Blooms hands slammed down on the table and he was back in the present, sweat dripping from his head, his heart racing, just as it had done so many years ago.
*
Chapter 16
ABOUT THE UNIVERSAL MOTHER
You may have an incorrect impression of the Universal Mother. First of all, the Universal Mother is not some sort of queen or singular ruling entity like a dictator. Not at all like that. The Universal Mother is made up of the one hundred greatest minds that exist from every species from every last planet in existence. They work in unison as one brain to protect the Universe and keep the advanced civilizations living in harmony. After fifty thousand years of ideological exchange, it is believed that their minds always function as one. Supposedly, there is a very, very remote possibility that one of the minds could possibly disagree with the others, because of the fact that they are still independent organisms, but that is only theory at this point.
If the Universal Mother is so smart and powerful, why are they going around destroying less advanced civilizations, right? Thats an insightful question. And there is an answer. Because when certain species have achieved a level of technology and knowledge that is going to allow them to discover their galactic neighbors, the Universal Mother prefers that these newly advanced societies dont automatically fry us with their newly fashioned planet-destroying ray guns. Rather than throw their one hundred heads back collectively and exclaim, there goes the neighborhood, the Universal Mother examines these cultures for certain traits that are necessary in order for them to live in harmony among their fellow beings. Its always best to do this before a species becomes dangerous.
*
Chapter 17
LIFE WITH GARY
Rogers brother Gary was a bit abrasive on the outside but, like Roger, he had a good heart. His eye was damaged as a boy, resulting in a condition that required him to use medicated drops every couple hours to keep his eye from watering Whenever he went too long without using the drops he winked involuntarily, which often confused the recipient. Gary had been interested in sex from the moment he left the womb. As a boy, he was sent home regularly from school with notes for his mother, indicating that hed gotten fresh with a teacher. The neighbor, Gina, who lived a couple of doors down, when Gary and Roger were boys, was a single woman with a son who happened to be Garys age. The boys name was Rudy. But Gary didnt go over to Rudys house to play with Rudy; he went over to his house so that he could ogle Rudys mother, Gina, a shapely but very large woman and probably not the typical woman to receive this kind of attention. After Rudy was certain that was what Gary was up to, he asked Gary not to come back to his house. Gary was disappointed but did as he was told. But the boys request didnt completely deter Gary. One particularly hot summer day Gina spread out a blanket in her back yard and donned her traditional dark blue one piece bathing suit, which had never actually seen a beach, and set her blanket down to sun herself. It was okay, the modest woman always reassured herself on such occasions, no one would see her in her backyard but her son while he played, because she had a seven foot wooden fence that surrounded the property. Twenty minutes after lying in the sun, she had fallen asleep, only to be startled awake by a horrific scream. Gary had pressed his eye to a knot hole in the fence and Rudy had seen him spying and had jammed a stick into the hole. Gary was rushed to the hospital where doctors managed to save the eye but he was left with, not only a terrible memory, but the difficult condition to treat for the rest of his life. And now, at twenty six Gary was married with a son, but still very much the horny little boy who had been stabbed in the eye that horrible summer day.
Hows that basement room treating you? asked Gary while he sat in the living room in his recliner and burped his one year old. You should bring chicks down there. Just get them drunk enough that they dont notice its a basement. Garys dog, Looney, sat lazily on the floor off to the side, with his head on his paws.
The basement room is great. Thank you, said Roger, ironing out his red Pizza Star shirt with his palm.
Roger had to keep up the appearance of someone who delivered pizzas for a living so buying a top of the line house wouldnt do. He had transferred to the Pizza Star back in his home town and moved in with his brother, paying him a small fee to rent a room in his basement.
You dont mind when Linda does the laundry down there, do you? I mean, our washer and dryer are really pretty quiet for how old they are.
No. Thats fine. I can sleep through anything, Roger said, politely.
Come here, Looney, said Gary, putting his hand down and coaxing his dog to come to him. Looney just stared, indifferently. That dogs getting lazier by the day. Gary sighed and stopped waving his hand. How long until your shift?
Ive still got half an hour before I have to go.
You know whats crazy?
Whats that?
You always breezed through school getting straight As when we were young, and me, I wasnt too much for the books. Lucky to get Cs. I always thought that it was like I got all the size and good looks and you got the brains. You know what I mean. Im six three and pretty masculine and youre small- smallish, and sort of mousy  and Im not saying thats so bad. It works okay for you. I think so, anyway. But after high school I got a pretty good job managing at the mill and you lost all of that ambition and just ended up delivering pizzas. Life is funny sometimes.
Yup.
You want to take a turn?
Huh?
You want to try to burp him? Gary held out the baby.
I wouldnt know what I was doing.
Its not rocket science. A guy as smart as you, even if he does deliver pizzas for a living and lives in his brothers basement, will figure it out in no time. Gary winked. Go ahead.
You know, I just thought that-
Im busting your balls about the pizza gig. What do I care what you chose to do with your life? Come on, Roger, he said, laughing. I was overjoyed when you called me and touched base. Just ask Linda. I couldnt wait for you to move in. Gary got up and gently passed the baby to Roger. He eased Roger around like they were slow dancing, exchanging places so that Roger could sit down on the chair. Just take her slow and easy, partner. Roger sat down and rested the baby on his shoulder. He started thumping the baby on the back. Lightly! Whoa, champ youre going to TKO the little guy! He reached out and caught Rogers wrist. Lightly, Roger. Hes just little.
Sorry. Roger patted the baby carefully. Like this?
Yes. Like that. Gary stood, watching his brother with his baby. He smiled warmly. Gonna bring a tear to my eye if I keep staring at you with my son like this.
You want him back?
No. You go ahead. Take it in. Feel the love, Roger. You feel it?
Uhhyes.
Its a good thing that we have each other. Mom and dad were pretty hard on us growing up. You, more than me, but it was tough for both of us.
I dont think that they actually liked you better than me, Gary. I dont think they really cared for either of us.
Our mother wanted a boy and a girl, a little matching set, like little china dolls. And then you came along. Our Grandma Sandy was deep into Alzheimers by the time you were three. She thought you were a little girl she once knew when she was just a girl. Our mom thought that it was funny and she let Grandma Sandy dress you up in little frilly sundresses and bonnets. Mom would take you outside like that and the neighborhood kids would point and laugh at you. Id scream at them. Hes a boy! Hes a boy! Gary shook his head. You didnt know any better. You were only three.
What did dad do about it?
No. Dad was just as bad. Hed sit out on the front steps with a couple of his drinking buddies and theyd toss a stick across the yard and tell you to go fetch it. They treated you like you were a dog. Youd run after the stick in your little white dress. It was really pathetic. I would yell at them. Hes not a dog, damn it! Gary put his hand up. Well I didnt say the damn it part back then because I wouldve gotten cuffed for it, but I was thinking it. He reached down and patted Roger on the shoulder. Its just good that we had each other.
Id better get going, said Roger, handing the baby back to Gary.
Yeah. You get out there and drop off those pizzas. Put some smiles on peoples faces. Gary took the baby and the baby spit up on his shoulder. He pulled the baby back reflexively letting the rest of the white goo splat on the floor. Thats your work , champ. Ya beat his little insides like you were in the twelfth round and now his little tummy is all upset.
Im sorry, said Roger getting up from the chair.
Its alright. Youll learn. Gary smiled and nodded. Youd better get going. Lindas going out tonight. So itll just be you, me, and baby when you get back. Ill make some pancakes and well order one of those cage matches on PayPerView, where the guys kick each other in the head and gouge each others eyes out. A stack of pancakes and some gladiator fights. Hows that sound?
Weird, answered Roger. But nice, he added so that he wouldnt insult his brother.
Ill see you after your shift.
*
Chapter 18
SUNNY MORRISON
Sunny Morrison was legally born Sunshine Lovemoon Haag, the offspring of a lifelong alcoholic hippy, Leila Haag, who lived to collect a government check once a month, and to faithfully catch whatever band was stopping to play a concert in Milwaukee. Leila had learned to live in such a way from her mother Norma Haag (Sunnys grandmother) who was the subject of the book, Im Hanging With the Band: the story of a famous groupie who rock bands paid regular visits to whenever they passed through Milwaukee. Normas daughter Leila had been a promising musician and singer at one point in her life but a casual use of drugs she learned from her mother became a twelve hundred pound gorilla on her back and she eventually gave in to the drugs and made those the focus of her life, simply forgetting about her musical career.
Sunshine was barely able to wait until she turned sixteen before she ran away from the trailer where she had lived with Leila. Leila, who was continually high, really wasnt much of a mother. Sunny, too, loved music and was born with some talent. She dreamed it might be her ticket to a better life, a life in which Ramen Noodles and macaroni and cheese didnt make up ninety percent of her diet, and a time in which all of her clothes didnt come from the nearby Wal-Mart, or worse, hand-me-downs sent over to Leila from the other mothers in Pyle Trailer Park. It was always so embarrassing when one of the other girls in the park pointed at what Sunny was wearing and said, That used to be mine. My mother said that shed thrown it out. Give it over.
Sunny changed her last name, based on an old family story that her grandmother Norma always told. One in which she bragged that shed had a one night stand with the legendary Jim Morrison, when the Doors played in Milwaukee, resulting nine months later in the birth of Leila. That was where Leilas musical talent had come from, Norma had always insisted to all of her friends. Perhaps it was true. And perhaps that genetic musical talent had trickled down to Sunshine, as well. A bottle of dye and a pair of colored contacts made brown hair with brown eyes into blond hair with blue eyes. Barbie doll style. With her new look, Sunny Morrison stood on highway 35 with her thumb out and waited until a truck that was headed either south or east, either direction getting her that much closer to Los Angeles, stopped and picked her up. And one did. And unlike the mountain of other girls that annually headed out to LA to pursue a dream in show business, only to end up waiting tables, or if things had gone really bad, to end up working the streets, Sunny had managed to impress a man who worked in the business, a man named Lenny Herrnstein. Lenny had taken one look at Sunnys high cheekbones while listening to her powerful voice with so much range, and deep inside his greedy brain he heard the clang of registers while pimple faced teens bought her CDs by the hundreds of thousands. And he had been right. Two years later, at the young, but not so innocent age of eighteen, Sunny Morrison was a bona fide star. Her face was everywhere. She was the darling of MTV, with videos making regular hourly rotation. No longer was Ramen Noodles Sunnys main diet, although she still ate them once in a while. After she no longer had to eat them she found that she rather liked the inexpensive little meal.
But sometimes, stars that burn the brightest also burn for the shortest period. Unfortunately, by the time she was twenty one, there were already signs that the public was growing tired of her. In order to keep herself in the spotlight she had resorted to cheap and shocking gimmicks. There was the occasional wardrobe malfunction during which she feigned embarrassment while a pale breast popped out of a low-cut blouse, or a particularly light skirt worn on a very windy day revealed that she had  oops  forgotten her underpants again. The events made little impression on the public because of the fact that Sunny generally performed as close to naked as the censors would allow. There was very little curiosity about her body. The songs that she performed contained continually racier lyrics. Of course, there was only so much she could get away with and still reach the mainstream masses so all of her songs were written using innuendo, poorly veiled references to body parts and sexual acts. But now, her fans were growing tired of the little girl begging for attention. Her latest CD: Touch My Gong Gongs, had failed to go platinum like her first four had. The single off the CD titled The Gong Gong Song featured the refrain: I know its nasty. I know its wrong wrong. But I want you to bang my gong gong. There was a tour that accompanied the Touch My Gong Gongs release aptly titled The Touch My Gong Gongs Tour. The latest fiasco in Sunnys career had taken place in Japan when she told the audience after a rather provocative performance that she wasnt Japanese but she wished that she had some Japanese inside her. Due to the language barrier, the Japanese men misunderstood what she was saying and rushed the stage, trampling each other to reach the coquettish pop star. The tragedy resulted in three deaths and Sunny was issued a life-long ban upon leaving the country.
The door to the dressing room opened and Sunny could hear her fans chanting Sunny! Sunny! Sunny!
Touch My Gong Gongs was banned by MTV, said, Lenny, fearing the fury that his comment would incite, as he stood in the doorway to Sunnys dressing room. He braced himself for the storm that was about to come.
What! I barely even touched myself in that video! That stupid German director wouldnt let me put my hands anywhere near my chest! And still they wont air it? Sunny screamed, kicking over a tall blue phallic prop that shattered on the floor. Im getting so sick of those prudes over at MTV. Its just a body! Deal with it! She threw a handful of lipsticks at Lenny and he ducked. The lipsticks bounced down the hall behind him. That network was in the toilet and I brought them back and made them relevant again! Nobody was talking about MTV anymore! And this is the thanks I get? They ban my video when I need their support more than Ive ever needed it? They never did that shit to Madonna!
Actually they had to ban a couple of Madonnas videos, too, said Lenny, sheepishly.
Shut up, Lenny! I dont need you arguing with me right now!
Sometimes getting banned isnt such a bad thing. It makes the public think youre edgy, taboo. People love whatever is taboo. Its in our nature.
Sunny! Sunny! Sunny! came the chants from the arena.
You really think this might help me?
I think MTV mightve even done it on purpose to spark your career. Theyve made a ton of money off you. Lenny stepped in and closed the door behind him, muffling the chants of Sunny from the arena. Your video will probably get more views than if MTV ran it. Well simply give it to websites that can boast that they have what MTV cant show.
Did you get Kmart and Target to carry Touch My Gong Gongs yet?
Im still trying to work out a deal. It may take a new cover on the CD.
Whats the problem with the cover?
Well, if were arguing that gong gongs doesnt necessarily refer to your breasts then we really cant have a photo of you on the cover without a bra and little brass gongs over your breasts. Do you see their point?
Im sick of all of them, said Sunny, leaning back in her chair with a sigh. I cant perform tonight. Im emotionally vacant.
What? Lenny asked, with alarm. You have to perform. There are thousands of kids out there who still adore you. Theyve come from all over the area just for you. He rubbed his temples. You cant let them down, Sunny.
Emotionally vacant! Thats what I am right now! Just tell them, Lenny! What do I even pay you for? She pointed at the door. Get out there!
Lenny sighed as he opened the door. He walked out toward the chanting fans with his head down.
Somewhere deep in space, far from Earth, another set of eyes watched Sunny and longed for her.
Chapter 19
A PIZZA STAR
Roger had been delivering pizzas for over a month and still hadnt been contacted by the agency. It was like theyd stolen six years of his life and then simply forgotten about him. A couple of hours into his shift he picked up a pizza for one of his regulars and headed for the house. He didnt even have to look up the address. He knew it by heart. It was an extravagant mansion in a very ritzy neighborhood. He often chatted with the owner when he dropped off his pie. It was a young kid who owned the place. His father, a famous director who lived on the East coast, had purchased the place for his kid so that he didnt have to live in the dorms or a frat house while he attended school. Roger pulled up in front of the mansion and pulled the bungees from the rack on his bike where they held the pizza warmer. He pulled out the double cheese, double sausage and headed for the door. After pressing the doorbell he waited. He pressed it again. A voice came from a speaker next to the doorbell.
Around back. Bring my pie around back, said Brian, the owner.
Roger made his way around the house. Along the path were toys of all sorts. Dirt bikes, dune buggies, one of those two wheeled things rich people rode - when walking seemed just too common. He couldnt think of the name of it. When he rounded the corner, Brian was sitting in a beach chair sunning himself next to a tremendous pool which was shaped like a pair of lips. Brian looked up and lowered his sunglasses. Dodger. Brian jumped up from the chair, wearing Knicks shorts, no shirt. He always wore Knicks shorts or sweatpants  rolled up to the knee. Always New York Knicks - and rarely a shirt. He had curly hair as carefree as he was, stood six feet tall, well tanned, well toned, well cared for by daddy, with a tattoo on his shoulder that looked like a blob with all kinds of lines swirling and running over it. Just below his pronounced stomach muscles was another tattoo sticking out of the hem of his pants. Roger could only make out the top half of the letters but he could see that it read: THE LAKERS CAN SUCK IT. Brian had a smile and a laugh that never deserted him. Life was good. He reached down the front of his pants and extracted a roll of cash. Roger winced. Brian looked up just in time to see him change his expression back to casual. Whats wrong?
No. Nothing.
He looked down at his pants. Oh, okay. You thought that I had my cash rolling around in there with my boys. Relax. Theres a little interior pocket. He grinned.But you were about to take the cash anyway. He shook his head. The power of money. Brian peeled off a twenty. He waited. You arent going to do the line from the commercial?
Huh?
The Pizza Star line. I love it when you do the line.
Right. Sorry. Roger cleared his throat. Pizza Star: where weve got the pizza and we treat you like the star.
Yes! Brian yelled, pumping his fist. Thats always awesome! He grinned at Roger. For the pie, he said, handing Roger the twenty. He peeled off a second twenty. This was nothing new with Brian. He had money and he loved to flaunt it. And for my good friend. Brians smile grew, ear to ear, as he handed Roger the second twenty.
Thanks. Roger nodded politely.
Brian peeled off a third twenty dollar bill. A little something extra today, Dodger. Youve been my regular pie man for a couple of months now. Think of this as an anniversary gift. Roger put his hand up, as if to say that it was too much but Brian forced it on him. You deserve it. Then, he slipped the roll of cash back down the front of his pants. Roger started to hand Brian the pizza but Brian just turned and walked. Lets bring it inside. Come on. Ive been out here so long that if I stay out here any longer the neighborhood security will mistake me for a brother and kick me out of my own house. Know what I mean? He opened one of a double set of glass doors and entered the elaborate dwelling. Roger followed him into a decadent kitchen where Brian directed him to set the pizza on an exotic looking island with a counter made out of some type of sparkling green rock. Brian opened the box and pulled a slice from it. He folded it over and took a bite. Mmmmm! Stupid good, Dodger! He pointed to the box. Grab one. When Roger hesitated he said: I insist. Roger wiped his hands on his pants as best he could and grabbed a slice. He was just about to take a bite when Brian stopped him. Uh uh, said Brian, watching him. Fold it, like we do back on the coast. Traps everything together. Brian took another bite, illustrating what he was saying. Roger folded his slice and took a bite that way. Beautiful, Brian said. Now you got it. He waved Roger along to follow him. They went into the living room. Brian pointed to a lavish leather couch where they both plopped down. There was a bong on the coffee table that was shaped like a mans arm with a hand for a base, the thumb and pinky both angled up with a small holes in them. There was a tattoo running the length of the bong that read: KNICKS FOREVER. Brian noticed Roger looking at the bong. A famous artist from Brooklyn made that for me. Walter Wasted, you know of him? Roger shook his head. Brian took another bite of his pizza and leaned back into the couch and watched Roger as he chewed. Works better when you fold it, doesnt it? Roger nodded. You can learn something new every day. Thats what I always say.
Can I ask a question?
I dont know. Can you? Brian said. Roger stared at him. Its: May I ask you a question. He kicked Roger in the leg. Im kidding. Remember when you were a kid and teachers would always pull that on you? He took another bite of his pizza. They knew what we were saying. They just wanted to mess with us. He pointed at Roger. Go ahead. Shoot.
I was just wondering about the tattoo on your shoulder, said Roger.
My brain? You mean my brain? Brian asked, pointing to it. Its what my friends call me. Brain. Ive always gotten straight As without too much effort. I got a perfect SAT score, too. Brian mustve thought that he saw doubt in Rogers face because he sat up and said: I swear. You dont believe it?
No. I do believe it.
Doesnt seem like it, complained Brian. He pointed to the bong. Feel like gettin right? He picked it up and grabbed a lighter shaped like a fish out of an ashtray.
I dont smoke.
Your choice.
Thanks, though.
My pop says that Im just giving the competition a fighting chance. Im starting to think that pops right. I should probably quit.
What are you in school for?
Pre-med, Brian answered, setting the bong and the fish lighter down again and sinking back into the couch. Plastic surgery. Fat rich girls always want to pay a fortune to move fat from one part of their bodies to another. From their stomach to their boobs, or from their boobs to their ass, or from their ass to their lips. Im going to spend my life fixing up fat girls.
You never considered going into film, like your father?
You arent familiar with the films my father is famous for?
You never mentioned them.
They Feed, They Feed 2, They Feed 3, They Feed  The Final Solution, They Feed 5. Brian said, counting them off on his fingers. He laughed. I like to call that last one: They Feed  A Second Home in the Hamptons. Theyre all garbage. My dad wanted me to go into film, as an actor in his movies. Ive got a perfect face for the big screen. Thats what everybody tells me. But more importantly, Ive got the expressions to really sell a scene. He pointed to his face. Anger, he said, contorting his face. Sadness, he said, dropping his eyes and slightly protruding his lower lip. Thoughtful, he said, furrowing his brow. Its the expressions that make a good actor.
Yeah, youre good at them, Roger agreed and took a bite of his pizza.
Expression is one of the only things that separate us from the animals. You never see an elephant standing there at the zoo looking pensive. Right?
Yeah, I guess youre right.
No.
I beg your pardon?
No. You know Im right, Dodger, he said, with a big grin. Do me a favor.
What is it?
Just say youll do it?
I really need to know what it is first.
Its nothing. Just say yes.
Alright. If its kind of nothing.
You know that stupid blank expression that some people get where their mouth hangs open and they just stare at nothing? Sometimes they even have little blobs of spit escape the corners of their mouths without even realizing it.
Roger thought back to the people Bloom had described who had been abducted and operated on by the governments scientists. Droolers. Yeah, Ive seen people like that.
Well Id rather wrap my lips around the barrel of a shotgun and pull the trigger than to ever look like that, you know?
There are worse things, reasoned Roger.
Not to me. He pointed at Roger. If you ever see me with that expression on my face Id like you to kill me.
Notliterally.
Yes. And remember, you promised. Brian took a bite of his pizza and chewed, watching Roger with an uncustomary seriousness. Then he grinned and Roger took a breath. Did you think that I was crazy for a second?
I was a little worried about it.
See? Thats good acting.
You are good. You totally had me. But you never even considered acting in any of your fathers films?
No way. I have good taste. I take after my mother. She had good taste. She read Faulkner, McCarthy, Gay, Wolfe.
You said had.
Shes gone.
Shes dead?
Not for sure but she kind of has to be. Her and my dad had been fighting a lot, talking about divorce sometimes, and one day she was just gone. She probably got mad and left and then something bad happened to her before she ever saw us again.
You dont think that she couldve just run away and started a new life?
Come on, Dodger! You think my mom wouldve just left me without even saying good bye? What did you have to say something like that for? She wouldnt just leave me! Okay, Roger? Brian stared at him, angrily, while they sat in awkward silence.
Im sorry. I shouldnt have asked something so stupid.
Brian sighed and relaxed. No. Its not you, Dodger. Im sorry that I yelled. Its always been a tough subject. Maybe always will be. He tossed the rest of his pizza on the table. I was out of line. You didnt deserve that. He sighed. You know what, Dodger?
What?
I like you. Youre alright. You really are.
Thanks.
No. I really mean it. Youre real people. You dont meet too many real people out here.
I guess youre right.
No.
No?
You know Im right, he said, pointing at Roger. Ill tell you what, tomorrows Halloween. Youre coming to my party.
I cant. Ive got to deliver pizzas. I work.
Ill call the owner. Bud knows my dad. You just got the day off. Brian grabbed a pen off the table and leaned over and wrote some info on Rogers arm. There. That way you wont forget. Ill see you tomorrow. Then he sighed again. I dont feel much like talking anymore after thinking about my mother. He rolled over on his couch, pulled his knees up tight, and closed his eyes. Roger got up quietly and let himself out.
*
Chapter 20
IM A TURTLE, GENIUS
Roger stood in the florescent light of his brothers bathroom. He was finished putting on the makeup that came with the dime store pirate costume which his brother had given him when he insisted Gary go to the party. Roger leaned close to the mirror and carefully drew a swarthy moustache and beard. He had spilled juice on the white long sleeve shirt he had planned to wear with the costume so hed simply put his red work shirt back on. He had grabbed one of the stickers Gary had on the front door, a flaming skull. He peeled it off the porcelain where hed stuck it and placed it over the Pizza Star logo on his chest. He pulled the eye patch down and put the crooked teeth in his mouth before scowling at himself in the mirror. He couldnt help but laugh at what a bad pirate he made. Oh well, whos going to care? Its just a party. Just in good fun, he thought to himself. He turned to walk out of the bathroom and misjudged the distance to the door because of the eye patch. The lack of depth perception caused him to stumble and bang his forehead on the door trim. Rubbing his head vigorously, he gave his exit another try. Walking across the upstairs hall toward the stairs, he considered removing the eye patch until he was safely on the bottom floor, but opted to live dangerously. Gary just finished handing some candy to three Batmans, two boys and a tiny girl, who had referred to herself as Bapmam when questioned. Through the open door Gary watched them cross to the other side of the block. See ya later, Bapman. He heard Roger on the stairs and turned to see him clinging to the railing while he cautiously made his way toward Looney, who was sleeping on the bottom step, dressed as a witch.
Look out, Looney, Roger told the dog. Give me some room, boy.
What the hell are you doing? Youre walking like youre wearing high heels and headed out to the senior prom. Gary blinked a few times uncontrollably before reaching into his pocket for his eyedropper. He leaned back and saturated the eye with several drops and returned the bottle to his pocket. His eye fluttered for a moment. His condition, the eyelid permanently damaged, drooping unnaturally low, and the constant winking, had plagued him throughout his early life but as an adult, it had worked to his advantage, creating a devilishly seductive expression which drew many women to him. Confusion over simple remarks was regular happenstance, resulting in more than a few incidents where he got his face slapped, but it also created the playful innuendo that eventually landed him his wife Linda.
I cant see whats going on with only one eye. The patch takes away my depth perception. Roger explained, as he cautiously stepped over Looney.
Ive lived my entire life that way. You can handle one evening being a cyclops. Gary saw the sticker on Rogers shirt. Ah, come on! Thats my flaming skull! You pulled it off the front door?
Sorry. I needed it. Roger shrugged apologetically. Wheres Max?
I put the little guy to bed. He was exhausted. I kept sneaking up on him in my werewolf mask and growling behind him but he just wasnt going for it. The little sucker had mommas wooden mixing spoon and he bonked daddy right between the eyes with it. Left a mark right here, he said, pointing to a spot on his forehead. Not like your goose egg though, he said pointing at Rogers face. What happened? You look like Quasimodo with that thing growing out of your forehead.
Is it that bad? I hit my head on the door frame. Roger said, reaching up to feel the bump. He probed his head with the tips of his fingers. Gary had obviously exaggerated. It wasnt that bad.
Were you always this clumsy?
I told you. Im having trouble with the costume patch disrupting my depth perception.
Meep zorp, depth perception at negative seven point four. Must protect nerd super brain power that I never even use. Gary grabbed a Snickers from the Halloween bowl and tore the wrapper open with his teeth. He popped the candy into his mouth and dropped the empty wrapper back in the bowl. Chewing while he spoke, he told Roger, You gotta stop talking like that if youre going to bring any chicks back here tonight. He grabbed a second candy, shelled the package, and popped it into his already full mouth. All that geek talk you do, it isnt sexy, he said, his words mangled, while looking through the bowl for another piece of candy. Girls dont dig it when a guy talks that way.
Gary, youre not eating the candy again, are you? Linda called from the other room. Doctor Larson said youre almost a diabetic!
Gary took the wrapper back out of the bowl and spit the contents of his mouth into it. Im not eating the candy! And besides, you cant be almost a diabetic! Its like pregnancy! You either are or youre not! he yelled back. He waited for a second but she didnt say anything. Its like pregnancy, he told Roger, quietly.
Roger nodded, politely.
Youve got to get out there and get some tail tonight, Roger. You need it. Im glad that kid on your pizza route invited you out. Its high time you find some women. You know, its great that you suddenly flew in here to my little nest. I can teach you how to get women. I was a real baller back in college. In fact, they called me the three legged baller. Know what I mean, bro? Gary winked.
No. I dont want to, either.
Its a visual joke. Get a picture.
I dont want that picture in my head. Ever, argued Roger.
Youre such a prude. Its not my fault you got all crazy over church school and decided you wanted to be the head honcho. I mean, come on, how you going to learn about chics when youre all locked up at the convent?
Seminary, Roger corrected. Convents are for girls.
Then thats where you should have been. Now youve got a lot of ground to cover. He thought for a second. You know that I love my Linda but I wouldnt mind having a little ground to cover myself. Dust off the old sword and get out there. Youre lucky.
Gary! Are you talking dirty again and embarrassing your brother? yelled Linda from the other room.
No! I was talking about sword fighting! he yelled back. That movie that I love with Andre the Giant! The Princess Bride!
Ill just bet you were!
In a hushed voice, Gary said, That womans got a freakish set of ears on her. She can hear anything.
Gary! I heard that, Gary!
Of course you did! he called back. Sorry! He turned back to Roger. Im just saying that theres nothing wrong with getting a little action. He pointed to his body. I mean, look at us. Its hard to believe that were even brothers. Im almost six foot four and yourewhat, five foot eight?
Five ten.
That might be stretching it a couple inches but okay. He stepped closer to look down at Roger. Ill give you five nine and nothing more.He shook his head. You know, my engines always revving. I want sex all the time and youre like: no thank you, no sex for me. Its like I got the whole tiger inside me and you didnt even get a piece of the tail.
Were Catholic, Gary. That means no sex before marriage.
What?
Were not supposed to have sex with all kinds of women. Just one woman. The woman you marry.
Yeah, but thats not like a hard fast rule or anything. Its not set in stone somewhere.
Chiseled into the ten commandments?
Thats one of them?
You never paid attention in church school, said Roger, shaking his head. I might like to meet a nice girl for a meaningful relationship but never a one night stand.
There was another knock at the door and two kids dressed as Ninja Turtles held out their bags and waited for candy. What d-ya say? Gary asked, leaning down to look them in the eye.
Just give it over, said the first turtle.
You say, trick or treat, Gary told him.
Just give us the candy, asshole, said the second ninja.
Fine. Gary took the ball of goo he rewrapped and spiked it in the kids bag.
Good job, old timer, the second ninja told him. That wasnt so hard, was it? He turned and walked off the porch.
Im twenty eight! Im not an old timer! Gary yelled and ground his teeth as he watched the kid drag his overstuffed pillow case of candy through his wifes flowers. Ill old timer your mother. Howd you like that, you little snot nose! he yelled after him.
The first turtle held out his bag. Hurry up, before you get all worked up and have a heart attack and die, old man.
Heart attack? You get out of here, you nasty little lizard! Gary dropped the candy he was holding back in the bowl and tried to kick the kids behind as he scampered off the steps to join his friend.
Im a turtle, genius. Not a lizard, the kid called over his shoulder.
Youre going to be my own personal boot rack if I see you around here again! Ya got it? And do you know where my bootsll go? Right up your-
Gary, are you fighting with the neighborhood kids again? Linda yelled from the other room.
No! I was joking with them! They know that Im only joking! he yelled back.
Dont shout at me. Linda was suddenly standing in the doorway.
I wasnt. I was using my voice for distance to communicate more adequately, he explained. So you could hear me. I wasnt yelling, honey.
That sounds more like something Roger would say. Meep zorp distance voice. She laughed but then erased the smile from her face when she noticed the way Roger was looking at her. You dont have to go out and have sex just to have sex, Roger. I think its beautiful that you want to start a meaningful relationship that leads to marriage. She turned and glared at Gary. Wipe your mouth, Gary. I see the chocolate. She left and Gary stared at her backside as she walked away.
Shes getting to be a handful. Getting mean as a razorback hog. She really is. Makes up for it in the sack, though. Still an All-Star in the sack. He sighed, and then turned his attention back to his brother. Thats what you need. You need one of them. Tonight, thats your mission. He slapped Roger on the backside. Now get out there, soldier! Go get you some tail!
I wish youd stop saying that, Roger said, rubbing his butt. He reached down and patted Looney who lazily looked up at him before he left.
Chapter 21
BIG OL FLABBY PHARMACEUTICAL IN A G-STRING
Gary walked left the house for his scooter. He still had his bright red Pizza Star hat snapped on to the back rack so he pulled it off and lifted the seat, revealing a little storage spot, where he tucked it. He got on the scooter and started it up, revving the engine a couple of times. A little kid in a ghost sheet walked by and said Doooooork! Doooooork! instead of boooo. Gary pulled away from the curb and nearly ran into a parked car up the street, slamming the brake on at the last second. He pulled up the eye patch, got his bearings, and started down the street again. His scooter swiveled back and forth precariously before he picked up enough speed to steady it. Less than a mile from his brothers house the flaming skull hed pasted over the Pizza Star logo peeled free by the force of the wind and found a new home on the back window of a passing hearse. Oh, thats really not good, Roger thought to himself, as he watched the hearse with the new goth makeover disappear from sight.
He arrived at his destination, motoring up the street slowly, looking at all the cars packed up and down both sides of the street outside Brians mansion. He stopped in the road in front of Brians house and studied the party. There was a mechanical Jason wearing a goalie mask from the movie, Friday the Thirteenth, secured above the threshold of the front entrance, like it was just sitting on the side of the house, defying gravity. Occasionally it reached down and swiped the air with a large butcher knife. The sight gave Roger a shudder. He heard loud music pounding from inside. It was Sunny Morrisons hit, Ride My Pony. The front door suddenly opened and a mummy chased a girl in a skanky Red Riding Hood getup around to the side of the house, where she momentarily ducked behind a potted plant. The mummy paused and looked around. She jumped up from her hiding spot, with a giggle, and ran toward the back yard. When the two were out of sight, Roger puttered a little farther up the road and found a spot to park between two exotic cars. That was one of the conveniences of the scooter. What it lacked in cool factor, it made up for when parking, and at the pumps. He got off the bike and crossed the street, feeling pretty good about himself until he caught his foot on the curb, causing him to dive belly-down into the boulevard, releasing a cartoon-oof! Getting up, nothing bruised but his pride, he angrily grabbed the eye patch and fired it into the hedge that bordered the elaborate dwelling. Approaching the mansion he heard laughter erupt from within, causing him to pause, paranoid that someone had seen his embarrassing dive into the dirt. When he realized how stupid he was being, he went on. He stopped at the door and knocked. The knife swung down from above and flashed through his vision while he waited. A cocoa-complected kid wearing a knights costume and one of the whitest smiles Roger had ever seen opened the door. Roger attempted to introduce himself but forgot he was wearing costume teeth. His greeting came out, Canglugbo finum sak.
Youre already totally wasted, man. Go home and sleep it off, said the knight, before closing the door in Rogers face. Jasons knife swung past his face again.
Roger shook his head with frustration before removing the teeth. The ghost kid was right. Dooooork! Doooooork, he thought to himself, while he stuffed the teeth in his pocket. Opening the door sheepishly, he let himself in. The party was raging. One man wearing a long giraffe neck and nothing else but his tighty whiteys was cutting a rug in the center of the room while a man dressed as an old Bela Lugosi-style Dracula flapped his cape like it was a pair of wings, and swooped around him. A small group of people dressed as a school of fish made their way around the room together  pumping their fins in a synchronized manner, and a Frankenstein on stilts who stood at least nine and a half feet tall was dancing with cross dresser Spiderman who had topped his costume with a blond wig and false eyelashes. There was a young mother dressed as Batgirl carrying her baby who she dressed as the Joker. It was overwhelming. Roger slowly took it all in while he worked his way into the room toward a group of men standing around drinking and arguing politics. He sidled up alongside a curly haired blond twenty-something, wearing torn preppy clothes and green skin. The green kid took a long look at Roger and then a sip of his drink.
Wheres your costume? Not very respectful of the Brain. He insisted that everyone, without exception, wear a costume this year. The green kid stirred his drink with his finger.
Oh, noumright. Im wearing a costume. Im a pirate. Roger said, pointing to his face. See the moustache and beard that I painted on? He suddenly noticed that there was a man standing across from him, wearing a dog costume who had the same facial hair as Roger, only his was natural. Not to say that you look like a piratewith your very nice beard  unless, that is, you were going for some kind of nouveaux, artsy dog/pirate creation.
The circle was silent while they stared at Roger.
Roger took a drink from a passing tray carried by a girl dressed as a serving wench, and took a sip. The girl stopped, pulled the drink out of his hand, replaced it on the tray, and then slapped him so hard across the face that he nearly fell down.
Get your own drink, dufus! Thats part of my costume! Im a serving wench, you idiot! She stormed off.
Sorry, Roger said, rubbing his jaw, as he watched her walk away. She mightve cracked my molar, he mumbled, as he reached into his mouth and wiggled his tooth.
The small circle of men busted out laughing.
You are hilarious, man, said a man dressed as an authentic pirate, rather than a two dollar pirate, obviously having spent a fortune of cash and time on his costume. Where on earth did Brain find you?
Pizza Star. I deliver pizzas to Brian.
Oh, you deliver pizzas? The pirate smirked.
What are you? Like forty? And you deliver pizzas? Dont you want to do something with your life? asked preppy Hulk.
Twenty four, answered Roger, And Im doing it.
So, were all wasting our time in school so that we can become doctors, lawyers, and business men, but you are solving the most primal need of man. More important than sex. Mans need for pizza! The pirate raised his drink in mock salute.
Just doing my part to make the world a better place, Roger smiled, humbly.
Youre definitely a star, said Captain America, sarcastically.
The pirate pointed to a man dressed as a waiter and called him over. Frederick, Brians delivery boy needs a drink. Frederick took a drink from his tray and handed it to Roger, with a polite smile.
Roger accepted it gratefully. I saw you there with the tray, he told Frederick, but I wasnt sure whether you were a real waiter or a man in a waiter costume. Ive already gotten slapped once tonight for making the wrong presumption.
This brought a warm smile from the waiters face before he walked off. The other men in the circle were laughing again.
We were just talking about the coming election. Who do you like, Pizza Star? President Holcomb or Pierce? asked the man dressed as Captain America,
Oh no, Im not good with politics. No one is going to like what I have to say, said Roger, taking a sip from his drink and shuddering. Ooh! Thats really strong. This brought another chuckle from the group. A woman passed with a tray of hors doeuvres. May I? asked Roger. She smiled and nodded. He grabbed a couple of the snacks from the tray and took a bite from one of them. Really good, he told her. She smiled and walked away.
Please. About the upcoming election. Wed really like your view. All opinions are acceptable. This is America, after all, said the pirate, smiling and looking around his circle of friends, who nodded in agreement.
Okay. Well, by the looks of the average age of the people attending this party, this impressive house, and the veritable fortune of cars parked outside, Im going to presume that most of you at this party are Republicans because your parents are Republicans. That said, youre pulling hard for President Holcombe to get reelected. If I was smart, but also dishonest, I would heap praise on the current president and gain your trust and respect. Just enjoy this party without conflict. Come into the fold, so to speak. So, Im-
But you dont like President Holcombe, Captain America said, interrupting Roger, and rolling his eyes. You like the upstart, Pierce.
I certainly didnt say that.
So you dont like either of the candidates? the pirate asked.
Its not a matter of like. I dont know either of the men. Theyre probably very personable. Its a matter of trust. Whether I trust either of them to do the job is the question.
And you dont? asked the preppy Hulk.
Weve already seen what President Holcombe did with the job. He teamed up with the elite companies and cheated the people that voted him into office.
So then, you are going to vote for Pierce, said the Hulk. Good choice. Pierce is going to do it right this time. Hes going to change everything. I keep trying to tell my parents that but they still want to vote for the same old same old.
Isnt that what gets a candidate elected? The promise that hes not like those other guys. Things are going to change. One promise after the next. The promises all go unfulfilled and then when the next election rolls around somebody else makes the same claim, that hes different.
Its not going to be the same with Pierce. He comes from the people, argued preppy Hulk.
He comes from Yale, where many other presidents came from, said Roger, taking a bite from the hors doeuvre again. Mmm, this things really good. Its like an egg roll but spicier.
So you really believe both of the candidates have the same agenda? asked the pirate.
Harder to see it with Pierce but hes in the same bed as Holcombe. He was caught in the middle of some sketchy deals while he was a senator but people in powerful places made all of that fade away. The media doesnt even bother to ask him about his past. Money talks and hes got some big money shouting his name. Its a regular orgy between big business and politicians these days. All of them. Roger took another sip of his drink, with less of a reaction this time. Big Oil is sandwiched between both of our candidates, cozily. He wiped his lip. And big, old, flabby Pharmaceutical has jumped up on the bed and is dancing around on the comforter wearing nothing but a g-string. How you like them apples?
Preppy Hulk shrunk back as if he had just smelled something terribly malodorous.
It doesnt matter who gets elected, Roger continued after taking another bite from his hors doeuvre. So spicy! He waved at his mouth. The outcome will be pretty much the same. The last decent president was Kennedy. He took a sip of his drink. And we all saw how that ended. A girl dressed as a biker walked past and bumped Roger, causing him to spill some of his drink down his shirt. She giggled and walked away.
I should kick your ass for talking about America that way, like our system is corrupt, no matter who you vote for! America is still the last hope for freedom! said the Hulk, getting angry.
Settle down, said the pirate.Hulk no smash at Brains party.
Preppy Hulk leaned in and breathed in Rogers face. He could smell the Heinekens that Hulk had been drinking all night. You think youre so smart but youre pretty stupid if you think that you can get away with talking like that in here.
Heinekens. Roger nodded. Good beer.
Youd better watch your back, pizza boy, said Preppy Hulk.
Pizza Star, corrected Roger, pointing to the logo on his shirt. No one laughed. Sorry. I shouldnt have said anything about politics, Roger backed away from their group, the way one is instructed to cautiously move away from a dangerous bear encounter. He spotted another group. A nerdier looking group. They looked like they might be closer to his people. A man dressed as the Minotaur was talking down to a kid dressed as Hans Solo, while two Spocks, a big bulky robot, and a storm trooper watched on.
Do you know how I know that no one has ever been abducted by an alien ship? said the Minotaur. Because there is no solid evidence! You dont think that someone would have gotten a picture with their cell phone by now? Or even a Polaroid from back in the fifties? Somebody wouldve gotten something by now.
There are aliens, said the robot. Its arrogant to believe that you are all alone in the Universe.
First of all, argued one of the Spocks, poking his finger in the Minotaurs face. Polaroids didnt come out with those handy OneSteps until the seventies. So any film that had to be developed by the local drug store wouldve ended up getting confiscated. And second, any time someone presents solid evidence of alien life, some high ranking general from the Air Force shows up and says, Hey, friend, let me take a good look at that. Thats amazing. Gonna change the world. Youll be famous. Ill bring it to a safe place and make sure that everybody whos important sees it. Then after the Air Force agent leaves, he takes the evidence and wipes his butt with it before he tosses it into a trash can. Thats why we never have evidence!
You are absolutely ridiculous, said the Minotaur.
The robot grabbed a beer from a passing tray and tossed it back as though hed just emptied in down a drain. He even had time to return the empty cup back to the tray before it was out of range. Mmmm. Good brew. he said. A sizzling sound came from inside him. Roger couldnt help but appreciate what a great effect it was. I would like to squeeze your head in my steel claw and crush your tiny brain, Earthling. He raised the claw, opening and closing it, with a clank. Then he turned to Roger and said, What a loser, in his hollow, metallic, emotionless voice. I enjoy dancing at parties. I will dance with you. The robot stomped around and his suit made clanking noises with each step.
All of the years of information that Roger had stuffed inside his head threatened to spill out so he could put the bully in his place but he was sworn to secrecy so he tried to reason with the Minotaur.
If you take a minute to consider it, no one can actually be sure whats out there in space, Roger started. There are so many galaxies and-
I know, said the robot, still dancing. There are aliens.
Well, neither you or the Minotaur can actually be certain because-
Youve got no proof. Youve got no point, yelled the Minotaur, cutting Roger off. The mythical beast raised his fist, menacingly. Youre as stupid as Spock is.
The robot laughed a hollow, echoing laugh that reverberated as if it came from a garbage can.
Roger looked at him strangely. He decided to try another approach. But just think about the averages that-
Aliens. Aliens. Aliens. said the robot, pushing up against the Minotaur, with his blinking chest, bumping him backward, while the Minotaur struggled against his bulk. Roger tried to separate them but was having little success. Hands off my knobs, the robot told Roger. Suddenly an attractive woman dressed in a black leather cat suit came by and grabbed a wide-eyed Roger by the elbow. She led him away from the robot who was still pushing the Minotaur back toward the wall. Aliens are real! Aliens are real! He shouted mechanically into the Minotaurs face.
Next time, wear a costume, dork! Its a costume party! yelled one of the Spocks.
But you dont understand, argued Roger. Im a pirate. Ive even got the teeth, He rummaged around in his pocket and held up his plastic teeth.
Go ahead, put the teeth away, the woman told Roger, patting him on the shoulder. If he cant see that youre a pirate thats his problem. Its obvious.
Right, Roger agreed. I thought it was. Ive got the beard. The pirate beard. He pointed to his face. See how I drew it in?
You dont have to convince me.
Roger finally got a good look at her. She was astonishing. Her hair was dark but you could see beautiful red highlights in it. Her eyes were deep green emeralds. The cat suit she wore showed off an athletic slender body. She held out her hand. Emma.
He took it and stared into her eyes, temporarily lost somewhere inside them. So green.
Emma, she said again, looking down at her hand.
Emma, he repeated her.
Thats quite a coincidence, she said, awkwardly pulling her hand free.
Huh?
Both of us being named Emma.
Oh! UmRoger. Roger Faraday.
Roger the pirate, she said, raising her fist and doing her best pirate impression. Youve come to grab some booty! Argh!
Oh, no. I didnt come to do anything like that. I dont believe in treating women-
Pirate booty, Roger. Treasure?
Oh yeah, right. Steal some booty. Argh, he said, not very impressively. Pirates steal booty. He shook his head with embarrassment. These people really take their costumes seriously. He quickly changed the subject. Look how impressive that robot get-up is. He pointed at the robot and the others at the party. I dont think that I fit in too well here.
Who wants to fit in with them? Emma asked.
The robot was grinding up against the Minotaur while the Minotaur tried to get free from him.
You really look great, Roger told Emma. Youve got that whole retro sixties thing going with the hair and the cat suit. I shouldve gotten a better costume.
Stop already. Youre fine, insisted Emma.
A woman dressed as a ghost stopped next to them with a bowl of snacks that resembled tiny skulls and fingers. There was even a roach in the bowl. Roger grabbed a finger and bit into it. It was filled with raspberry jam. Emma grabbed a skull that was filled with marshmallow and ate that. The girl circled the corner of the room and stopped next to a couple of Ninjas.
Wow, Brian can really throw a party. This is so impressive.
He definitely enjoys himself, agreed Emma.
The ghost with the snacks paused near them again and offered the tray. Just as Emma reached down and scooped up another skull and the cockroach, Roger saw the cockroach move. Before he could say anything, Emma popped both of them into her mouth and was chewing. Roger winced as he waited for a reaction but she didnt seem to notice. He pointed at her mouth as she chewed.
What is it? she asked, obliviously.
He dropped his hand. How is it? Nothing could be done now short of making her puke.
Okay. Crunchy, sweet, salty, a little bitter.
In the background the robot was still abusing the Minotaur.
There are aliens and soon all of you puny earthlings will have to give up this planet and itll be ours. He laughed his metallic laugh and stomped his feet. Ive never liked Earthlings. Ill be glad when youre gone.
Suddenly Roger had a suspicion.
I think Ive got a text, he lied to Emma, as he took out his phone and pressed the volume button. He picked up an image of Emma in her bra and flushed bright red before quickly turning the phone away from her. He reset the x-ray depth so that he didnt end up with an x-rated view of the partygoers and ran the phone across the room, picking up lungs and livers and bones. He stopped the phone on the robot and saw just what he hoped he wouldnt. Cogs and wires. Circuits. A robodrone, an AI device used for spying, possibly from the colony of robots on Planet g5550, but not necessarily. He turned off the phone with a nervous sigh.
Chapter 22
A TRIP TO THE STAIRS
Important? asked Emma.
That was just my brother, Roger told her, putting his unique gadget back in his pocket. Im living with him right now.
Oh. Thats nice that youre close to your brother.
That, and cheap rent, Roger said, with a smile.
Are you planning on getting your own place sometime?
I hope to.
The robot made his way to the stairs and looked around before he started up them.
Emma, would you please excuse me for a moment. Im going to use the loo but Ill be right back.
She nodded. Ill be here.
Roger made his way up the stairs after the robot was out of sight, the music providing a nice cover over his footsteps. He stopped in the upstairs hallway and looked around, seeing half a dozen doors which lead to various rooms. He crept to the first door and put his ear to the wood but heard nothing. He tried the knob and the door opened up to reveal a lavish bedroom with an enormous circular bed in the center covered with red satin sheets. It rotated slowly. Gaudy wealth, Roger thought to himself, before closing the door quietly. He was about to try the next door when he heard noises coming from the door at the end of the hallway. He moved toward it cautiously, his heart beating harder. He paused outside the door and listened. Clicking, whirring noises came from within. Roger gently turned the knob and opened the door slowly. The bedroom had a balcony attached to it and the robot was standing beneath the stars sending short beams of light upward. Roger walked up behind it.
Its against galactic regulation for you to be down here, he said to the robots back. The robot stopped sending signals and spun around with an electronic whir. Who sent you here, robot?
Thats not important, Earth man. Just a party interested in some real estate, said the robot, flatly. He took a step toward Roger which prompted Roger to pull his umbrella out and let the robot see it. The robot froze where he was. Hed seen umbrellas before and knew what they could do to electronics.
Get off my planet. And tell your interested party that they can have Earth when they pry it from our dead fingers.
Thats exactly how we expect it to go, said the robot.
Take a hike, tin can.
Im just doing a little surveillance. Im not hurting anything.
This planets ours right now and youre trespassing. Roger pointed the umbrella menacingly.
This planet isnt going to be yours for much longer. Were not the only ones staking our claim on this planet. The word in the galaxy is that this planets finally going to be awarded to a more deserving species. Ill leave for now, but well be back. The robot floated off the terrace and hung above the backyard pool for a second before disappearing into the sky. Roger took a deep breath before he put his umbrella away. Returning to the party, he found Emma right where he had left her. Things were definitely going his way tonight. The robot left without incident and now this unbelievable girl might actually be interested in him.
Sorry about that. Duty called.
Youd hate to wet that impressive pirate costume, Emma said, and laughed.
Come on. I thought you were the only one here who wasnt going to pick on me.
Suddenly Brian was making his way through the crowd toward Roger.
Brian, hi, said Roger holding out his hand.
Brian put his arm around Roger. You know how much I like you, Dodger.
Roger nodded.
And your pizza.
Roger nodded again.
Im sorry but this just isnt working. Youre bringing really harsh vibes to my party. Roger looked past Brian at several of the disgruntled party guests who were watching on while Brian gave him the boot. Brian sighed and shook his head. What am I doing? Im not doing this. Its not you. Its them. Lately Ive been considering throwing all of my friends out and starting over. He pointed back at them. Look at those losers, Roger. Their stupid expressions on their stupid faces. You know how I feel about expressions. Im totally getting rid of these freeloading idiots. Brian noticed Emma standing next to Roger. Do I know you?
She shrugged.
This is bullshit! Brian said, suddenly becoming angry, as he looked around at the people in his home. Frederick told me about the way these snobs were treating you. This party is over! Im going to take care of this! You stay as long as you like, Dodger. Brian waded back through the crowd.
I could just go, Roger called after his friend but Brian was already gone.
Dont give these rotten people a second thought, the attractive woman told Roger. Theres a beautiful view of the stars just outside that door over there.
Yeah, youre right. Id better leave. He stuck out his hand. Nice to meet you, Emma.
Ah hem, she cleared her throat, but he stared at her, clueless. Wouldnt you like to invite me to leave with you, Roger?
What? No way? I mean  Really? You want to go with  pardon me. He took a breath. Would you like to step out and view the stars with me, Emma?
I would love to, Roger. I thought youd never ask, she winked at him.
Did you just wink at me or do you have some kind of permanent eye damage? Because my brother-
She looked at him, strangely.
You winked at me. Good. Thats good.
Suddenly Brian was standing in the middle of the room on a chair. I heard what you phonies were saying to my friend, Dodger. Who needs you and your stupid faces with stupid predictable expressions! Get out! Everybody get out! He pointed. Get moving, preppy Hulk. Who ever heard of a preppy Hulk before? Thats just stupid! Hulks about passion! And doing whats in his heart! Hes not about acting sophisticated! Get out! He pointed at the giraffe. You too, giraffe! Go find some pants! He climbed off the ladder and followed his disgruntled guests to the door. Keep moving. Those are some ugly underwear, giraffe.  They filed out. He looked across the exiting partiers at Roger. Im really sorry about this, Dodger.
No. Im sorry. Im sorry that I screwed up your party. And insulted all of your friends.
These arent my friends. Not real friends, he said, as they continued to walk past him. Theyre all gone. Out of my life. Now Ive got one friend, if youd like to fill the vacancy, that is? he said, looking at Roger. Maybe two, he added, looking at Emma. I havent made up my mind on you yet.
Id love to be considered your friend, Brian. Roger told him.
Suddenly preppy Hulk walked up and pushed Brian into the wall from behind, causing him to strike his head. Brian slumped to the marble. Roger leapt to Brians defense, shoving the preppy Hulk back. Partiers were stopping and surrounding them.
You want this to get ugly? We can get ugly! yelled Roger, upset and uncharacteristically confrontational. Ill drop every last one of you where you stand and leave you to wake with the worst headache youve ever experienced. Not only that, when you wake, itll be in a puddle of your own urine!
For a moment everyone was silent and then the entire crowd busted with laughter. Emma stepped alongside Roger and got ready for the ensuing fight but no one was moving. Instead, the partiers started looting Brians home, grabbing art pieces, electronics, anything they could get their hands on while Brian struggled to remain conscious.
Frederick, (Brians butler), suddenly appeared again, but instead of a tray of drinks in his hands he held a silver candle holder. Get out! he yelled at the crowd - turned mob. Preppy Hulk dropped the abstract painting he was holding on the floor and glared angrily at Frederick, as he walked out. Keep walking, Frederick told him.
Ill call an ambulance, Roger told Frederick.
No, said Brian, putting his hand up. Frederick will take care of me. Im okay. I dont need an ambulance.
You can go ahead and leave, Frederick told Roger and Emma, as he helped a groggy Brian to his feet. Ill take care of Brian. Hell be alright.
Roger and Emma walked out the door together.
Preppy Hulk walked up behind them when they were out in front of the mansion. Dont let me catch you wandering around town or Hulks going to smash! he said, flexing a tiny bicep, and crushing a plastic cup in his hand.
Apparently, he really hates plastic cups, said Emma, as they watched preppy Hulk cross the lawn toward the street.
The girl that ran past Roger when he first arrived went by again, quickly pursued by the mummy, both still giggling. Roger and Emma watched them until they disappeared from sight. There was a large marble sculpture of a lion in Brians lawn. The crowd continued to dissipate. Emma leapt up and mounted the marble art piece and looked down at Roger.
I hope Brians okay, said Roger, looking back at the house.
Whats important to you, Roger Faraday?
He was still studying the crowd from the party. What? I mean thats a strange thing to ask someone when you first meet them. You really get right to the point.
Would you rather tell me something meaningless, like the fact that your favorite color is green?
Thats weird. That is my favorite color. Howd you know that?
It was pretty obvious, the way you commented on my eyes.
Oh, right. Sorry. Thats embarrassing.
It was honest and very flattering.
Youre not pranking me right now, are you? Im just grateful at this point that you havent suddenly slapped me in the face or kicked me in the junk.
If I slap you in the face or kick you in the junk, itll be because you deserve it, not simply for my own entertainment.
I think I can live with that.
Are you worried about those bullies that threatened you in there?
No. I dont worry about things like that. I dont believe in worrying. I believe in problem solving.
How nice. An intellectual. She jumped down from the lion and walked up close to him. But sometimes you still have to protect the head on your shoulders.
The crowd was milling about, deciding where to go now that the festivities had been canceled. Preppy Hulk kept pointing over at Roger. A larger crowd started to form around him as he waved his arms and spoke excitedly.
That doesnt look good, said Emma.
No. I dont know. Theyre probably just blowing off steam, said Roger. Im pretty good at feeling out a crowd. Sometimes its best to let a crowd lose its energy and after- Suddenly, nearly the entire crowd from the party was running at them. Nope. Theyre really pissed.
Time to go! said Emma, waving Roger to follow her, as she bolted down the street. My cars down here! She sprinted and Roger struggled to keep up. The crowd wasnt too far behind them when Emma jumped directly over the door and into the seat of a vintage Lotus Elan. Roger stopped and stared at the classic beauty while she fired up the engine.
Wow! Look at this car! he said, excitedly.
Get in, Roger! Get in!
He climbed over the passenger door and sat down just as Emma threw the car in gear and the tires screeched on the pavement. His head snapped back as they left the crowd behind. She took the corners at breathtaking speeds, allowing the car to drift precariously close to the curbs, leaving mere inches between a successful maneuver and a wreck. She continued to drive this way for miles, even after there was no chance of being caught by anyone from the party. Roger couldnt keep himself from pressing an imaginary break, whenever he doubted that Emma could keep the car upright through one of her hairpin turns, but she always managed. Finally, Emma slowed down and Roger got the chance to appreciate how beautiful the night under the stars was from her convertible.
Youre really fast and agile. I cant believe the way you moved back there.
I was a dancer growing up. Ballerinas are tough little cookies. I still work out regularly.
Youve got so much style, Emma. The way you dress, the way you talk, this car youre driving. I mean, this is some car. What do you do for a living that would afford you the kind of cash it took to buy this car? Sorry. I probably shouldnt ask that. It was rude.
No. Its okay. I write for a womens magazine called Our Time, she said, speeding up and cutting the wheel hard enough to make the back of the car slide one last time as they made a corner and slid up to a cozy little park that had a set of swings and an old fashioned merry-go-round. Lets go for a walk, Roger Faraday, she told him, getting out of the car before he answered her. They followed a path between ponds and benches and swings. Emma stopped and gave the merry-go-round a push and watched the little horse fly by. Im glad that I met you tonight, Roger, she told him. Is it common practice for you to leave parties with strange women?
Well, I dont know ifNo. Never.
Suddenly Emma turned toward him and crouched down.
Get ready to defend yourself, she said, throwing her hands up like a fighter.
What are you doing? Roger said, hands still at his side, his face, a work of confusion.
Is that your best fighting stance? It looks inadequate, but that might be by design.
I dont know anything about fighting, he lied.
Youre using a technique to lure your opponent into a false sense of security, Emma went on. Ive seen it many times. So nonthreatening. She feinted a left jab at him. Then she lunged forward and threw a vicious kick, landing it in the center of his chest, Hiiyaa!, and sending Roger flying over a bench. He ended up sprawled out on the grass looking up at her. She jumped over the bench gracefully and landed next to him, kneeling by his side, looking down at him. That wasnt a technique, playing inadequate fighter by design. You really cant fight?
Ive never been in a fight.
What do you do if youre in trouble? Just run off to your little red pizza scooter and drive away?
It worked a few minutes ago. I do run away, or more preferably, use words to diffuse the problem. Wait, how did you know that I drive a little red scooter?
She pointed to the company emblem on his shirt. I saw the sticker on your scooter outside the party and then I saw your shirt. Obvious deduction, Watson.
Right.
Wanna take me for a ride on your scooter some time? she said, helping him up to his feet.
This is going so fast. What is all this?
All what?
All this. Whats going on? You just met me. Are you teasing me?
Would you like me to tease you? I assure you that Im quite good at it.
Im sure you can tell Im not much of a ladys man, Roger said, awkwardly. Im just a little surprised that you like me so much .
Emma smiled and moved close to him so she could stare into his eyes. Theres just something about you, Roger Faraday. Something different.
About me? Roger shook his head. I gotta say that Im pretty average. Suddenly, Emma leaned in to kiss him. It startled Roger so much that he jumped and cracked his forehead into her teeth. Emma pulled back holding her mouth. Oh no! Roger said, reaching for her. I cant believe I did that! I didnt know that you were going to He put his hands on her shoulders and leaned in so he could see her teeth. He really liked this girl, even though hed just met her, and hed already blown it with her. Let me see your teeth, Emma. Im so sorry, he told her. She moved her hand away from her mouth so that he could examine her teeth. Good. Its not bleeding, and you seem to still have all of your pearly whites. Maybe I could- She leaned in and completed what she started, kissing him, gently. Rogers heart raced. 
*
Chapter 23
CALLING BLOOM
After Emma dropped Roger off at Garys house, following that first night, Roger called Bloom.
Yes, Bloom answered.
Theres been an incident, Roger told him.
How significant? asked Bloom.
Level 4. Contact. It was random.
Thats enough information, Bloom told him. Ill meet you outside your work place Tomorrow at seven twenty three. Wear your uniform. Then Roger heard dial tone.
The next day Roger drove his scooter to Pizza Star. Bloom was dressed like a laborer and leaning against a cooler while sitting on the gate of a pickup truck with an open box of pizza. There were a couple of broken hay bales behind him in the bed of the truck and there was hay on the flannel shirt he wore. He had a beer sitting near the side of his leg. He reached down, cracked the tab, and took a long pull, and then he pulled a slice of double pepperoni with jalapeno peppers from the box and took a large bite. He wiped his mouth with the back of his sleeve. Roger parked his scooter a little way away and walked up to the truck.
Grab a slice and park it, sport. He patted the gate with his hand.
Why seven twenty three and not seven oclock or seven thirty? asked Roger.
Because official meetings are scheduled at regular times between official people. On the hour. Half past. Avoid patterns. Avoid repetition.
Roger grabbed a piece of pizza and it left a trail of cheese where it was still connected to the cardboard. Bloom gave him a funny look as Roger maneuvered the pizza, trying to get the string of cheese to break. It finally snapped and a cheese rope hung off the tailgate. Roger shrugged and sat down next to Bloom with his slice. He stared at Bloom, waiting for him to say something but Bloom just went back to eating his pizza.
It was really strange. I was-
Not yet, Bloom said, raising his hand. Take a bite of pizza and relax, kid. Bloom looked up at the stars. Its a beautiful night.
Roger took a bite of pizza and then waved frantically at his mouth. Bloom opened the cooler beside him and grabbed a can of Coors. He handed it to Roger and Roger struggled to get it open, spilling beer down the front of his shirt before taking a long drink. He coughed a couple of times.
I take it that you dont like your food real spicy, said Bloom, clapping Roger on the back.
No. Its good, insisted Roger, as he caught his breath.
Bloom pulled out his umbrella and switched it on. So, you havent even made your first trip yet and youve already made contact. Tell me about it.
Roger finished chewing. It was a robodrone. I went to a costume party and this robot was stomping around and insulting all of the puny humans, claiming that Earth was soon to be theirs and I just got this weird feeling that it wasnt an act so I took a look inside him. Wires and circuits.
His statements were of the personal variety?
Yeah. Almost angry, even though his delivery was flat like a machines. For a while I thought that it was just a really good act.
Thats G5550. The colony of robots. Regular robodrones dont take a personal stake in the outcome of their mission. They dont taunt. They just perform their function. I cant see G5550 invading Earth. Mother would never let them.
The robot said something about us being prime real estate and that all kinds of other races were scouting Earth. He said that our planet was probably going to a more deserving species.
Bloom looked a little worried for a fraction of a second, but quickly erased the look of concern.
Thats not going to happen though, right, Bloom?
I hope not. He set his half-eaten slice of pizza back in the box. Weve been under scrutiny for some time now. Usually Mother doesnt give your planet away like its just on some old table at a garage sale. Mother blows it up. He took a swig of beer and wiped his mouth with the back of his sleeve. I doubt that bot has any real information. Hes just a buzzard circling because of the rumors that we might go down. A gawking Gus.
What are we going to do?
Not much we can do besides what were doing. Proving that we can settle our differences down here in an intelligent manner. Be a good potential neighbor to everyone up there. Is there anything else that you can tell me?
Thats about it. It was over just like that. He took off from the balcony of the house and disappeared into the stars.
Bloom took a drink. What else has been going on with you, sport?
I met a girl.
You met a girl?
I really like her. Shes different than other girls Ive known. I didnt date much in high school. And then you know the rest. The only girl I was around for the last six years was Olga, and shes not really like a girl.
No. But shes a hell of a woman.
Do you think its possible to love someone you just met? I cant stop thinking about her. If Im not already in love with Emma I think Im getting there real fast. Its so strange, but so nice. Roger took a bite of pizza and then wrestled with another cheese rope. He swallowed hard and washed it down with a swig of beer. Can I ask you something, Bloom?
Go ahead, sport.
Were you ever married?
Bloom looked at Roger for a few seconds before he spoke. I was close once.
What happened?
Things didnt work out.
You just grew apart?
Things happen.
You dont want to talk about it?
Youd better get going, kid. We shouldnt spend too much time together.
Okay, Bloom, said Roger, sliding off the tailgate. He sensed that hed struck a nerve. He couldnt think of anything to say that would erase the awkward feeling in the air so he just walked away while Bloom stared up at the stars.
Ill be in touch, said Bloom, before Roger was out of range to hear him.
Chapter 24
YOUD MAKE BETTER DENTISTS
After Roger was out of sight, Bloom pulled his phone from his pocket and switched it on.
Yes. How are things? answered an anonymous voice. Agent code for: is there a problem?
My nephew has a new friend that he referred to as Emma, Bloom told the voice. Id like to get to know her. Agent code for: the agent Im mentoring has formed a relationship with someone named Emma that Id like you to investigate.
Okay. Its always best to know your nephews friends. the voice answered. Agent code for: we need to know everyone he knows.
He really likes her, Bloom continued. Perhaps theyll need a chaperone. Bloom faked a chuckle. Agent code for: run surveillance on them, as well.
Well keep an eye on them for you, said the voice, chuckling back. Agent code for: well run the surveillance.
Good day.
Good day.
Bloom put his phone back in his pocket. Sorry, sport, he mumbled. No choice. Bloom switched off his umbrella and put it away. He sat on the tailgate and looked up at the stars. Suddenly his attention was drawn from the stars to an old Dodge making its way across the parking lot. Bloom stared at the headlights bobbing, as the car bounced over potholes. And then he drifted into the light and he was somewhere else in his mind, in a different time. A man was pointing a bright light into his eyes. Another man, heavy, with beefy biceps and a bad comb-over, came around the table in the interrogation room. He was sweating through his undershirt from the workout he had been having with Blooms head. He unbuttoned his top shirt and took it off. He folded it and hung it over one of the chairs. Another detective, tall and thin, was leaning over the table and pointing the large light that hung from the ceiling into Blooms eyes. Blooms hands were cuffed to the chair. His ribs were raw, his face was swollen, and his teeth were bleeding. The thin detective with a long nose, crooked to the side, probably the result of a bad break that had never been set properly, leaned in closer to Bloom and asked him the same question for the fiftieth time that night.
Whered you put her body, son?
I told you, and told you, and told you already what happened, Bloom said, the words coming out of his mouth slightly garbled after the beating hed taken. He tongued his molar, realizing that it was on the verge of falling out, just hanging by a few strands of shredded flesh. He choked on a mouthful of blood, as it went down. It wasnt bad enough he had just lost the person he loved more than anything else in the world; now he was being accused of foul play in regard to her disappearance. Odelias overprotective daddy, Frank, insisted that Bloom was the prime suspect, and that he should be brought in for interrogation. He really demanded Blooms beating more out of anger that Bloom had been with his daughter and unable to protect her when she went missing than the fact that he thought Bloom was capable of doing anything sinister. But Frank was out of his head with rage, and somebody was going to pay for the fact that his daughter was missing, and whether it made sense or not, that somebody was Bloom.
The bigger man spoke again, softening his voice. Come on, Bloomquist, we dont want to hurt you anymore, kid. Reynolds, here, has just about busted every knuckle on both of his hands on that solid melon of yours. And he totally wrecked his shoe when he was kicking you. Its comin apart at the seams. Just tell us where the body is. Youll be able to finally get some peace by getting it off your chest and well be able to go home and call it a night. He placed his fist on Blooms chin, lining it up. Otherwise, were going to be looking at overtime cracking your skull all night. The chief dont care too much to put his okay on overtime. Were on a real tight budget but if we gotta do it, well do it. Well hammer and pound on you until there aint no body left to lock up.
Listen to me, you lunkheads! Bloom screamed, spraying blood in the mans face. Dees been grabbed by somebody-something, and time is wasting! We have to get out there and start trying to figure out where they took her! You flatfoots need to-
SMASH! The heavy man brought his fist down on Blooms chin, immediately shutting him up.
Tell us Where you put her body, Bloomquist, you maggot! The thin detective screamed at him.
Please, listen to me, Bloom begged, raising his head and looking at both men. It was something Id never seen before, like I told you. This thing was green and-
Bam! The burly detective cracked him in the jaw with another crushing blow, and Blooms head swung around violently. His face remained facing the floor.
Bloom felt like he was losing his mind. As he watched the blood running from his face and pooling next to the chair, he almost started to giggle. He had been being beaten for five hours and he knew how bizarre his story sounded. He couldnt imagine he wouldve believed the story he was giving them either, if he had been the one on the other side of the table.
You want another one? Huh? the thin detective asked him. Only a monkey-brained idiot would keep taking a beating like this if he didnt have to. Are you a monkey-brained idiot, Bloomquist? Huh? The thin detective shoved him. Youre going to tell us where she is!
Blooms breathing was ragged. He coughed. Yeah, he said, quietly.
What? What did you just say? The thin detective shot the burly detective a look. Theyd finally broken him down. You said yeah, Bloom. I heard ya. Okay, kid, tell us where her body is.
Bloom nodded without looking up at them. Yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah, what?
YeahIm a monkey-brained idiot. He looked up with tears in his eyes and blood running down his chin and started laughing and crying simultaneously. Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! he bounced up and down, making monkey noises. He started sobbing harder. He kicked the table, violently. Dee! Bloom screamed at the ceiling. Then he looked at the burly detective and spat. Come on, Nancy, bring it on!
SMASH! The burly detective brought his fist down on Blooms nose, shredding the cartilage and laying it flat. More blood drained from his face, soaking his flannel shirt.
Maybe well just bury your body out there in the corn fields somewhere, too, said the thinner cop. Like you did to that poor little girl. What dya think about that, ya psycho?
Bloom took a couple of deep breaths and blew his nose on the floor, sending a splat of blood down on the thin detectives shoe. He looked up and glared at the men. Im not talking to you anymore. Id like to speak to an attorney.
The thin detective stared down at his foot and shook his head, miserably.
Ill bet you would, said the burley detective. But stupid and sick as you are, you chose the wrong little girl to murder. I been friends with her daddy since we was knee high to a cricket. So you aint gonna see no dirtbag lawyer to get you out of this. Were going to handle this old school. He squeezed Blooms face with his meaty hand. I swear to you that before this nights over you are going to tell me what happened and I dont want to hear another word about some flying saucer! No more bullshit! You got me?
The detective released his face and Bloom sat, quietly, looking down at the floor. The detective wiped his hand on the side of his leg with disgust.
Youre not getting no lawyer, punk! Start talking!
Bloom shook his head and took a breath. His expression was flat this time. We were in her fathers cornfield playing Hide and Seek. Suddenly there was this huge plant-like thingthis creature. It had a hold of her and-
Thats enough! The burly cop punched Bloom in the face again and his molar shot out and ricocheted off the wall. Blood poured from his teeth and formed a small puddle in front of the chair. Drops of blood were dripping from his face, adding to the puddle. Strangely, it brought back a memory of the last time that he had gone fishing and it had started raining. He just sat in the rain that morning, watching it come down on the lake, peacefully. He would probably never get to go fishing again.
It just keeps getting worse and worse for you. You just lost a tooth, smart guy. Hows that make you feel? What are you thinking right now? asked the thinner detective.
He asked you a question! the burly cop yelled at him, lifting Blooms head up by his hair.
Bloom took a couple of breaths and composed himself, What am I thinking right now? Bloom grinned at them, revealing the hole where his tooth had been, blood running down his chin, painted red like some scary nightmare clown. Like you flatfoots make better dentists than you do detectives. Bloom started laughing again and stomping his feet.
I almost feel sorry for you. Its about to get really bad for you, punk, said the burly man.
Good, croaked Bloom, starting to cry.Good! Good! Good!
You dont realize it can get worse than this but it can, said the thinner detective, through gritted teeth.
Suddenly there was a voice behind the three of them.
Whats the deal? You apes lose your bananas?
The detectives whirled around to face the man that had quietly entered. He was dressed in a crisp blue suit and black hat and had a briefcase in his hand.
He pointed to the door. Take a hike.
Somebody call you? the thin detective asked. You a lawyer? Cause he dont need no lawyer.
Nope. Im not a lawyer, the man answered.
Then you might want to watch that mouth of yours, mister, the bigger detective advised him, mopping the sweat from his head with the back of his t-shirt sleeve. This guy dont look like hes gonna hold up much longer. There might be a vacancy opening up in this chair.
That right? The man pulled out an ID and a badge held them up. The two detectives immediately apologized and left the room. The burly man didnt even take time to retrieve his shirt. The man put his ID and badge away and addressed Bloom after the door shut. Guys like that never learn to play nice. Animals, said the man. He picked the beefy detectives sweaty shirt up between thumb and forefinger like it was radioactive and deposited it in the corner of the room. He pulled a spray bottle from his pocket and sprayed the back of the chair down and then his hands. He pulled out his handkerchief and thoroughly wiped his hands and the chair down. He returned the bottle and the handkerchief to his pocket. Then he pulled out the chair, dropped his briefcase on the table, and sat down across from Bloom. You kill her?
No, answered Bloom, wearily, sniffling and looking down at his feet, expecting that he was about to spend another portion of the night repeating the same story over and over again. I love her.
Look at me, the man said.
Bloom turned his head up from the floor and looked the man in the eyes.
The man stared at him for about ten seconds. I believe you. He unlocked his briefcase and opened it up. Im very sorry about your girl.
Bloom nodded.
I just need to ask you-
Can you please get that for me, asked Bloom, nodding his head toward something on the floor.
The man looked down at Blooms orphaned front tooth and winced. He took out his handkerchief and picked the tooth off the floor and deposited it on the table in front of Bloom. Then he realized that Blooms arms that were still locked to the chair.
Oh! Let me get those, the man said, jumping up from the chair and coming around the table. He pulled a key from his pocket and unlocked the cuffs before dropping the cuffs on the table in front of Bloom. Bloom rested his elbows on the table and rubbed his wrist while the man returned to his chair. Can I get you some water, a cup of coffee, something to eat?
Bloom shook his head.
I spoke to that poor girls daddy. Frank. He sure doesnt care much for you.
No. He never has, said Bloom, with a shrug. He probed the bumps on his head with his hand and then opened his mouth and pressed on several of his other teeth and his gums.
My father-in-law hated me too. My mother-in-law, sweet as a candy cane to me, but not her daddy. I guess the role of protector isnt too easy to give up to another man. He reached into the briefcase and pulled out a couple of sheets of paper and a package of childrens crayons. You dont have to be much of an artist. Just give me the best images you can. What the creature looked like. And the ship, if you got a good look at it. He slid the paper and the crayons in front of Bloom.
Bloom opened up the box and selected several crayons. First he drew the creature and slid it over to the man. The man studied it and nodded silently. Then Bloom did his best to draw the ship. I didnt see much of the ship. Just a lot of blinking lights. And it was big. Really big.
How big?
Like the size of Dozer Field where the high school football team plays, said Bloom, sliding the paper in front of the man.
Yeah, the man said, nodding. A Trusian ship.
A what?
A Trusian ship. Weve encountered a few of them. Theyre hostile. Sadistic. They abduct someone every once in a while. We dont think that they do it for any other reason than cruelty. We had a boy who survived an attack on his family. He hid in a crawl space under the floorboards. Saw everything happen. Only nine years old. Can you imagine?
How come nobody knows anything about this sort of thing?
Best not to panic everybody until we develop some sort of strategy to deal with the harmful aliens.
The harmful aliens? Not only are their aliens but some are harmful and some arent?
Its just terrible what happened to you and your girl tonight. We are doing everything we can to keep that from happening to people.
How are we going to get Dee back? Bloom asked, desperately.
Like I said, Im really very sorry about what happened to your girl. I could give you a little song and dance about maybe getting her back but I feel its best to be straight with you. Shes gone, son. Im very very sorry, but shes gone.
Youre telling me theres nothing we can do?
Im afraid not.
Bloom shook his head, angrily. Im going to tell people what happened! If you wont help me Ill find somebody else who can help me find Dee!
No one will believe you, Mr. Bloomquist. Youll just run the risk of being institutionalized.
Bloom buried his head in his hands. Theres nothing I can do?
Were trying to learn as much as we can about these types of abductions. Maybe we can prevent it from happening to someone else. Thats really the best thing we can do right now. He paused and reached across the table, clapping his hand on Blooms shoulder.
I cant take it. I have to do something, Bloom mumbled, through his hands.
The man studied Bloom, as if he was considering something. He stood up and collected the images and the crayons and placed them in his briefcase. Then he closed it and locked it. Mr. Bloomquist, do you really want to do something?
I need to.
Im not asking that question lightly, Mr. Bloomquist. Would you really like to do something about the abductions, like what you and your Odelia just went through?
More badly than you could possibly comprehend, said Bloom, pulling his throbbing head out of his hands.
I wonder if you might be interested in going to work for us?
Blooms memory faded away, and he was sitting in the parking lot of the Pizza Star, looking up at the sky again.
*
Chapter 25
HELL MUST BE RUN BY COWS
You must be curious about the true history of your civilization. The following information on early Earth civilization was submitted years ago to the galaxys collective library  the Wealth of Knowledge. It may hurt your ego to find out that you humans were the second choice, by default, to be the keepers of your planet. Its true. There was a decision that had to be made by the Universal Mother long ago when your planet was very young. By natural design, the dominant species that emerged was the cows. Earth was to be their planet to run, but the Universal Mother sent the Universal Arm to intervene during the Human/Cow War when it looked as though your ancestors were on the verge of defeat. That is the only time that the high council intervened in regard to the inner species struggle of a developing culture. Earth cows are unlike cows from any other planet. They are unspeakably cruel and diabolically devious by nature. Always plotting and planning to conquer and control. So ambitious. Ruthless. No compassion at all. They are the only beings that we, the AHC, ever define as inherently evil. The potential that we would all be governed by cows one day frightened the rest of the Universe terribly.
For once, the Universal Mother had to deploy its army to a planet and change the outcome, pulling the bows right from the hooves of the cows. The cows were justifiably angry but made a big mistake when they vowed to make the Universal Mother pay for intervening. Reacting to the threat, the Universal Mother had them all jailed in large wooden cages that were painted bright red for distinction. Humans were to act as their jailers. Furthermore, cows were forbidden to speak another word. They were to be given time out in the sun each day to congregate but never to communicate. No more plotting and scheming. If a cow was caught uttering a single syllable, a small ship that orbits the Earth at all times, fires a ray down on the guilty party, gruesomely turning her body completely inside out, complete cow mutilation.
After such a punishment, but before departing, the ship will then head to a nearby field, and leave an enormous message, hundreds of feet wide, written in the beautiful circular characters of cow script, warning cows not to make the same mistake of communicating with each other again.
Over time, humans lost track of what the jails were for and started cramming other species into them as well, like chickens. And as you have already figured out, humans, seeing almost no use for the seemingly unintelligent cows, decided to eat them.
Since then, cows have been reduced to committing such ineffectual acts of rebellion as passing as much gas as they can in a malicious attempt to destroy your ozone, and occasionally kicking a toddler when no one is looking. These are their only remaining ways of exacting revenge.
The Universal Mother felt it was better if the humans of more recent times did not know about their history with cows, fearing that the Earthlings recent war-like behavior might foreshadow the complete annihilation of cows. There is also the possibility that some humans who have become tremendously sensitive during their evolution would feel so guilty that they would insist on handing all weapons over to the cows, putting them in control. Reparation. The cows would then happily line the humans up and behead them. Neither of these options was acceptable to the high council so when any human became close to discovering the true identity of cows and the history between the two species, the Universal Arms orbiting ship focuses a super concentrated beam of heat on them until they combust. Spontaneous combustion is done rarely enough that most humans still attribute it to be the material of legends, or the result of payment that is overdue to an evil entity and has been collected.
*
Chapter 26
WHO HIRES A MAN NAMED BUG?
Sunnys manager, Lenny, leaned against the wall outside Sunnys dressing room less than an hour before Sunny was to go on stage following the opening act, Downhill Nicky. He popped various pills that his doctor had prescribed for his intense anxiety. Lately working with Sunny had gotten so difficult that he had been having panic attacks severe enough that he occasionally had to find a vacant closet or a bathroom stall so he could have a good cry. He opened one pill bottle after the next in succession, extracting a pill before returning the bottle to his pocket, until he had taken the contents from six of them. Once his mouth was full of pills, he struggled to pull a can of Pepsi from the pocket of his blazer. He yanked up and down, trying to free the can until he heard the lining of his jacket rip. With his mouth full of pills, he struggled to frown, little bumps on his cheeks where the pills pressed on the inside of his mouth. He yanked the can free, taking several chunks of thread with it. He cleaned the thread from the tab and popped it, took a good swig, and swallowed the pills. He sighed. His jaw on his right side clicked a few times uncontrollably. His hand was also not his own, twitching and bouncing, a side effect from one of the pills. The spastic hand caused him to dump soda all over the floor. He dropped the can and casually stepped away from it. The elephant he rented for tonights venue was haunting his mind, the size of it, and more importantly, the weight. The majestic animal was waiting back stage with his handler, a man named Bug who Lenny had hired off of Craigs List. Lenny now suspected that Bug hadnt ever seen an elephant in his life, let alone worked with them for decades while traveling with Ringling Brothers - his claim during an interview over the phone. Lenny suspected something was horribly wrong when he heard the trainer say, Son of a bitch! These suckers are big! upon first seeing the beast. The elephant was dressed in a blanket of costume jewels and LED lights that would glow when Sunny rode it out on stage. The last time Lenny had taken a moment to check on the animal he had to stop Bug from feeding the poor beast handfuls of M&Ms. Lenny raked the bald spot on top of his head nervously, as a vision of Sunny and the bejeweled creature crashing through the stage passed through his mind. He had asked, the so-called trainer, if he had read through the instructions Lenny had given him, and whether he had checked to make sure that the stage could bear the weight of the animal. If it couldnt, the trainer was to have instructed the set builders to reinforce all of the areas of the floor that the animal would transverse. To that, the trainer, Bug, had replied, Huh? The floor? Want some M&Ms? Why on Earth had Lenny hired a man named Bug? In what capacity could a man named Bug ever be trusted with something important? Over and over he saw the vision of Sunny screaming at him, calling him worthless, as she plunged through the floor, out of sight. And then Lenny started to consider the aftermath, and he was pleasantly surprised that he couldnt help but find a silver lining, a slight feeling of relief when he worked out the possibilities. Theres no way that Sunny could survive such a fall, he reasoned. Surely, she would be dead from such a severe accident. Probably the elephant, too. The mess he pictured in his mind made his face contort with repulsion, and then pleasure, and then repulsion, again. A roadie took a look at his face as he passed Lenny and told him to get it together, man. Weve got a show tonight. After the man was gone, Lenny returned to his thoughts. Who would get blamed for the elephant? Lenny considered. Could he blame the trainer? No. The authorities and the lawyers alike would certainly think Lenny an idiot for hiring a man named Bug. A man who had produced no actual evidence of ever having worked with exotic animals. But it wasnt Lennys fault that he had hired a fraud. He was just so busy taking care of Sunnys never-ending demands. Every minute detail, every tiny whim, from the requirement that every room she stayed in have the walls painted purple before she stepped foot in them, to having a Rabbi bless all of her food, including her special Swiss chocolates which she devoured voraciously throughout the day, even though she wasnt Jewish, and didnt particularly like Jewish people. For a moment, Lenny thought of a gavel coming down in a courtroom and a judge sentencing him to fifteen years in prison for something called reckless homicide, insisting Lenny had caused both the demise of the spectacular beast and an elephant, as well. Lenny found that he wasnt bothered by the thought of a long prison sentence. He didnt care. He pictured himself lying on a cot behind bars and finally getting the rest he needed for the last several years, rest that Sunny would never afford him. She would ride him like that elephant until he dropped over and died, the way she rode everybody around her, until they couldnt wait to get free of her. Lenny had stage hands and dancers quitting on him left and right after spending any amount of time with Sunny. Lennys heart sank and his train of thoughts turned dark. But not Lenny, he would never escape. The little trailer park girl would dig in her spurs and hold on to him until his heart gave out and he tumbled over dead. And then hed probably still not be free of her. Shed probably make his corpse part of her act, committing heinous acts with it, night after night, city after city, allowing fruity dancers to prance around stage with it, until there was nothing left of him. And if he had to pay for all of the nefarious deeds he had committed during his life with an eternal stay in Hell, Lenny was certain that Sunny would eventually make her way down there just to make his never-ending stay that much worse, a worse punishment than any of the other damned would ever have to endure. And that would probably make God smile, Lenny thought to himself, shaking his head. Lenny wasnt exactly in a position to judge but sometimes he thought that God seemed downright cruel.
LENNY! Get in here! The scream came right through the dressing room door, as if Sunny had x-ray vision and was looking right at him, or probably, more likely, some dark evil power she had received after making a pact with Old Scratch back when she was a nasty pre-teen wasting away in Pile Trailer park. Her voice startled him so badly that he nearly slipped in the Pepsi and fell down. He took a couple of deep breaths and kicked the empty can toward a trashcan before opening the door to the dressing room. He leaned in and forced a smile. Sunny had four people working on her makeup, hair, costume, and toenails.
About forty minutes to stage time, princess, Lenny said, as pleasantly as he could.
I know that! she snapped at him. Theres a clock on the wall, duh! Dont tell me stupid things I already know! Suddenly she kicked at the girl doing her toenails and pulled her leg up. Owwww! Be careful with my toes! She eased her foot back to the woman. Theyre sensitive. The woman apologized and went back to work, more gently. Sunny pointed to Lenny. Did you take care of that thing? Its important.
Lenny froze. He racked his brain. Did he ever mention the weight of the animal being a concern that he was worried about to Sunny? Oh, no! He couldnt tell her now that he hadnt made certain the stage would support the elephant! Shell cancel the show again for sure! He couldnt deal with that again. It wasnt Sunny the crowds wanted to tear apart. It was always the bearer of the bad news, the messenger, they wanted to kill. One of these nights all of those teens and pre-teens with their sparkly glitter makeup and their halfsie shirts were going to riot and tear him limb from limb. Hed already seen it in the nightmares hed had.
Im not putting up with my fans looking at elephant shit, Lenny! she yelled at him, causing her head to jerk. It made her hair pull and she shot an angry look at the woman who was working on it. When elephants shit, its not a cute little pebble-like shit like comes out of a squirrel! Its a giant pile of shit the dancers could trip over and fall into! And if theyre all full of shit it wont be long until they spread that shit on me during the dances! Do you think my costumes would look better covered in shit, Lenny?
He stared at her blankly. What was she talking about? Wait. Did he never mention his concern about the weight of the animal? No. He never did. She was ranting about the elephant dung. He had taken care of that - the best he could, anyway. Theres no stopping an animal from defecating. Theyre a living creature. It would take an act of God. And lets face it, God wasnt about to be miraculously plugging up any animal bottoms for Sunny Morrison so that she could dance around half nude on a clean stage.
Lenny! Answer me, you retard!
His jaw clicked a few times and his hand shook. He reached over and steadied it with his other hand.
Eeww! That is so gross when you do that, Lenny! Stop it! You look like a spastic old retard! Eeww! The girl that was giving Sunny a pedicure startled and poked Sunnys toe. Sunny kicked at the girl. Youre done! Get out! The girl got up from where she was kneeling and walked toward the door. And dont expect to get paid! Sunny yelled at her back. Youre worthless!
As she squeezed past Lenny, he whispered in her ear. Please dont quit. Youll get paid. Wait for me outside the room. Please, Lenny added again. The girl nodded and walked out. Lenny shut the door behind her, leaving him with Sunny and the remaining girls.
Did you just tell her that she wasnt fired? asked Sunny, angrily.
Huh uh, Lenny answered.
Better not have. Sunny pushed the other girls away from her. Okay, good enough. Get out. The girls walked out of the room and closed the door behind them. The elephant shit, Lenny?
I took care of it. I hired an extra dancer who will follow behind the elephant and catch any dung that falls out of his behind.
In his hands? asked Sunny, visibly disgusted.
No. In a decorative basketwith flowers and glitter and stuff. A pretty one. Lenny paused. The basket will match the decor on stage. So that it doesnt seem weird.
Yeah, that doesnt seem weird, Sunny said, sarcastically. I should have you dress up in a pair of tights and follow that elephant around on stage all night with a decorative, flowery basket. She waved the back of her hand at him.
What?
Use your head! It means get out! Youre boring me. She threw her head back in the chair, dramatically. Im like a soldier at war out there, risking my health, even my life, for my art, and all you have to do is gawk with all of the others, and sweat your nasty sweat, and make that weird jaw clicky thing, and spaz with your retard arm, and disgust me in about forty five other ways. Get out!
Lenny stepped out and shut the door behind him. His jaw clicked a few times and his hand shook as he stumbled down the hall.
Half an hour later, Lenny was nervously following Sunny and her dancers down the tunnel that led to the stage. Sunny, sparkling like a jewel, was centered atop the glowing electric blue elephant. Bug walked alongside them eating a bag of Funyuns, offering one to the elephant, occasionally.
Is that what elephants eat? Sunny said, looking down at the trainer. Funyuns?
Ummmm, yup, Bug answered, and crunched another Funyun.
The freshly hired dancer was already earning his pay as a large pile of dung dropped out of the elephants backside into the decorative, glittery, flowery basket, nearly filling it. The dancer turned his head to the side, in an effort to keep himself from vomiting. The basket had become so heavy he struggled to lift it back into position.
Pew! said Sunny, from her perch.
They reached the doors to the curtains. Once the curtains opened, the crowd would see the marvelous spectacle that was the jeweled Sunny and the glowing elephant. Then the dancers would surround them, and from the top of the elephant, Sunny would perform, You Are My Perfect Beast. Lenny eyed the planks of wood across the stage and his jaw clicked out of control and his hand shook worse than it ever had. Lennys heart pounded as the animal stepped on to the first plank and he saw the floor bow under the beasts tremendous weight.
*
Chapter 27
CARNIVAL CRACKSHOTS AND BOVINE BOTTOMS
Roger and Emma walked, hand in hand, enjoying a beautiful evening at the carnival. She was dressed to kill in a white leather mini skirt, matching top, and knee-high white leather boots. She always made an impression, unlike Roger, who rarely wore anything much fancier than his hoodie. Roger was thrilled to find that Emma enjoyed amusement park rides as much as he did. And he couldnt help but feel he was becoming fairly smooth after he had seized the opportunity to kiss Emma when the Ferris wheel stopped at its peak so they could enjoy the breathtaking view of the city. Afterward, they stopped at the food trailers and Roger bought Emma a pink and blue cotton candy. Emma would take a little bite every so often and then hold it out to Roger. Every time he took a bite he came away from the candy with a pink beard and Emma laughed. A carnival barker was trying to con a young man into paying for five shots to knock over a plastic clown with a BB gun. The kid told him, no, thank you, and the barker mocked him as he walked away with his girl on his arm.
Ive never felt as good being around someone as I do with you, Emma, Roger said, hoping for a similar reply. But that was something about Emma that Roger had to get used to. She acted like she loved him but rarely made statements to the effect. It always seemed awkward when Roger laid his heart out bare and Emma barely responded.
Emma smiled and nodded, par for the course.
Did you catch the news this morning, Roger?
I didnt.
For the first time in history the Presidential Election was determined to be inconclusive and the committee that oversees the voting process has called for a state by state recount. Theyre even going to recount paper ballots. There is also suspicion that the computers that tally the votes were tampered with. They dont expect to call the election and announce who won the race until sometime in December.
Roger bared his soul and Emma responded by reporting the news.
Im surprised that this is the first time that a national recount is being done, said Roger. The bigger dog will just find another way to come out on top.
Five dollars gets you five shots! Isnt there one man among you who can knock over a plastic clown? yelled the carnie in the background.
I need something to drink. You wait here. Im going to grab us a couple of sodas, Emma said, before turning to walk off toward another food trailer.
Things had been going so well with her, Roger thought, as he watched her, but why did she always change the subject or become so quiet whenever he expressed how he felt about her?
Three big beefy footballers wearing their lettermans jackets were walking past Roger when one of them bumped into him causing him to stumble. They stopped and faced him.
Watch where youre going! yelled a pasty-complected kid with red hair. He stepped forward and shoved Roger so that he stumbled back a few feet.
Pardon me, Roger responded, politely. I didnt mean to get in your way. I guess I was lost in thought.
Thought? said a wide-bodied kid with a shaven head. That would be the last thing you were lost in.
Yeah, thought, said a slim kid with shoulder length dirty blond hair. He snickered.
I apologize, said Roger. I hope you fellas enjoy the rest of your evening. Roger turned to walk away and the redhead grabbed his shoulder and pulled him back. Roger sighed. Six years he had been trained to fight and after it was over Olga had pounded it into his head that he should take pride in the idea of never employing his combat skills to solve a conflict. Roger tried another approach with the oversized boys. Who wants popcorn? You guys want some popcorn? Maybe I could make it up to you and your friends with some popcorn for bumping into you. That sound okay? he asked the redhead.
Oh, really? Youd be willing to buy us some popcorn, daddy? The bald kid clapped his hands together, sarcastically. Oh, please buy us some popcorn.
Theres no reason for all of this, said Roger.
Well maybe we want there to be a reason for all of this, said the redhead.
Are we getting popcorn? asked the blond.
Emma was coming back with the sodas when she saw what was going on. She walked over to the carnie with the shooting booth, put her sodas down on his counter, and told him shed take a crack at the clown.
Five bucks, he told her.
She handed him the money and he handed her the gun. She walked away from the booth.
Hey! Girlie! What do you think youre doing?
Im going to take a crack at the clown. Ill bring your gun back in a minute.
Its smug little punks like-OWWW! The redhead grabbed his backside and jumped. He spun around angrily to see Emma holding the BB gun. The other two turned nearly as quickly. They all looked like the cartoon wolf that drops his jaw at the sight of a pretty girl when they got a look at Emma. Did you just shoot me? he asked her, rubbing his backside.
Use your deductive reasoning, Emma told him.
My what?
Use your brain. Ive got a gun. Youve got a sore bum. What do you think? Emma pumped the gun, dropping another BB into the chamber.
Fancy a little strawberry tart today, boys? the redhead said to his friends, mocking Emmas British accent. Listen to the mouth on this English bird.
Emma, Ive got this under control, Roger told her. We dont need to resort to that. I was just having a conversation with these fellas and-
The bald kid reached for the gun and Emma popped a BB in his groin. He bent over, clutching his crotch, and dropped to the ground. She shot it, he moaned.
Oooh! Roger cringed at the thought. Im really sorry she did that.
You two jockers pick up that one, Emma said, pointing to the boy writhing on the ground. And get on your way, you bovine, overfed, juvenile miscreants.
Listen- started the redhead.
Listen nothing! Get moving! said Emma waving the gun at the bullies. The redhead and the blond kid pulled their friend to his feet. The blond kid looked at his friend who was doubled over and rubbing his crotch, and laughed.
Do you need one, too? Emma asked, pointing the weapon at him.
No, please, he said, and guarded his privates with his hand.
Then, get going! she said, waving them off with the rifle. They staggered away. Emma turned to Roger and sighed. Roger Faraday, am I always going to need to protect you?
*
Chapter 28
NOT EVEN ELEPHANT TRACKS
The elephant took another step, and another. It was on stage in position behind the curtains while Lenny remained with the dancers and Bug in the wings. He stared hard at the boards beneath the elephant and concentrated, as if somehow he could cause the elephant to become just light enough not to fall through the floor. Lennys jaw clicked away like a jackhammer and he tucked it down against his chest to get it to stop. His arm started shaking and it caused him to accidently goose one of Sunnys dancers. He grabbed his shaking hand with his other and brought it back but not before the dancer turned around and glared at him, as if he was some middle-aged pervert, which, in general, he was, just not on this occasion. Bug witnessed what had happened and winked at him. Lenny glared back. The stress was mounting and Lenny felt feint. He slowed his breathing, hoping that it would slow his heart before he keeled over. Sweat ran down the side of his face as he watched nervously. Sunny looked over at him from her perch and her face filled with its usual disgust. And then, suddenly, it was show time and the curtains opened. And laser lights, red, blue, and green, zipped all around the animal, and caught Sunnys jeweled costume and bounced back into the crowd. What a spectacle! And so far, the floor was holding up. Lenny was so grateful that he nearly said a prayer before thinking better of himself. Everything was going great. The dancers rushed out on stage. Sunny started to sing and the dancers circled the elephant, high stepping in their metallic silver costumes which covered nothing but the essentials. They were actually going to make it through the night, Lenny thought to himself. It was going to be okay. But the evenings events were about to take a turn for the worse. Half way through the number, Sunny, growing confident, finding the spontaneous entertainer inside her, did something unexpected, something they hadnt practiced back at the tent where they had created the routine. She placed both hands on the animal and started to stand. She wobbled at first, and Lenny feared she would take a tumble and he would be back out on stage alone explaining to the angry crowd that there would be no show tonight. But then, she gained her balance and even looked steady, standing on the elephant. Sunny started high kicking from the top of the animal the way the dancers were doing below her. She pressed her heel on the elephants head and the animal moved forward toward the front of the stage, closer to the audience, where the boards were in visibly worse shape than those at the back of the stage. The audience gasped at the close encounter with the magnificent animal. Lenny held in his breath, as he watched the floor boards, anticipating the crash through the floor, at any moment. Still, they were okay. Sunny began navigating the beast around the stage between the dancers, something she hadnt even practiced. She was a natural on the elephant, like a circus acrobat who had been doing it for decades. But then, that was why Lenny had taken her in, why he had known shed be a star. The girl mightve been sleazy and coarse and classless and cruel but no one could deny that she also had talent. She knew how to entertain. They reached the end of the first number and the place was in pandemonium. The kids were applauding so hard that Lenny couldnt help but wonder how many of them would still feel it in their hands the next day. And, he couldnt help but grin with everybody else. He looked down at his hands and he was clapping, too. It was infectious. Everything was wonderful. And then suddenly, a yellow beam came down through the center of the auditoriums ceiling. Lenny hadnt seen this. This mustve been added to the show at the last moment. The beam made its way across the top of the crowd, from face to face, as everyone oohed and awed. It finally stopped when it reached Sunny, as though it had been searching for her, and everyone applauded. But Sunny looked confused. She looked to the dancers for a cue but they were doing the same, looking to her. Suddenly, there was a humming noise that shook the entire arena. Sunny tried to struggle out of the beam and climb off of the elephant but she was helplessly glued to the place she stood. And then, while the crowd watched on in awe, Sunny and the elephant shot right through the ceiling of the auditorium without disturbing a single tile. The crowd stood silently, frozen, staring at the place on the stage where Sunny and the beast had been, and then looking up, as if they expected that she and the elephant might suddenly come floating back down. A thunder of applause erupted. People whistled and screamed her name while they waited for her return. The applause only died down after ten minutes, when Sunny never reappeared. Once again, Lenny found himself in hostile territory, explaining that the show was over for the night. He couldnt figure out what Sunny had done this time but he was plenty angry at the little pop star.
*
Chapter 29
GOOD OL MOM AND DAD
Miriam (Rogers mother) leaned against the burned out, bullet-riddled car and struggled to fit the shells into the weapon that she had braced against her leg. Becoming frustrated, she tried to get Teds attention (Rogers father), but he was busy returning fire at the five men who had taken refuge in a disabled bus. After Ted emptied his clip, he hunkered down behind the car again, and rubbed the small of his back.
Hows your back? Miriam asked.
What?
She pointed at his ears and he nodded and removed the plugs.
Your back. Hows your back?
Itll make her, Ted replied while he snapped a fresh clip into place. He put his ear plugs back in before he noticed the frustration on Miriams face. Whats up, sugar bunny?
This gun we bought from Hector, she said. I cant make the bullets fit. She let the empty gun drop over next to her leg and sighed.
Shells, honey. Remember, like I told you. The big weapons take shells. Little guns use bullets. He smiled at her pleasantly.
The other side of the car was suddenly hit with a barrage of bullets, causing both of them to cover their ears until the onslaught tapered out.
Right. Well I cant fit the shells into this gun, she said, throwing her hands up.
Ted looked at the gun and then the shells she was trying to feed it. Youre using the wrong shells. You need the three inch tubular-looking blue ones.
Oh. Miriam reached over and dragged a heavy box of blue shells toward her. They left a small trail through the dirt as she did so.Why are these ones blue?
Thats a new type of plastic thats being used, said Ted, sliding up from behind the cover of the car with his binoculars so he could take a look at the men in the bus.
Neat, said Miriam, sliding the shells into the weapon. These are almost as big as fifties.
They pack an even bigger punch than fifty cals.
Oh my, said Miriam, holding up the gun and looking through its scope. Not as heavy either. I really like the weight of it.
Yeah, thats a real nice weapon, agreed Ted.
Another barrage of bullets hit the side of the car. Ted ducked down. The onslaught was followed by the click of guns finding empty chambers.
That doesnt sound good for them, said Miriam, with a grin.
No, it sure doesnt, sugar.
Ted and Miriam had been surveying small drug operations, and when the time was right, they pulled a smash and dash, killing everyone in their path and fleeing with the money and drugs. Today hadnt gone as well as other robberies. It seemed that the men had been waiting for them. Ted and Miriam had still managed to kill half a dozen men before the violence spilled out to the street. They killed another four men at close range, as they improvised, taking cover anywhere they could find it. Eventually they made their way to the abandoned car where they had stockpiled weapons and ammo ahead of time, in case things had gone sideways on them. They took cover behind it. Proper preparation prevents piss-poor performance, Ted had reminded Miriam, when they took the time to add the extra provisions. Just one more safeguard against failure, even if it meant more work.
On their first outings, they had simply set the buildings on fire, where they knew that there was a profitable drug ring operating. When the men ran out of the building the husband and wife team picked them off one after the other from two separate sniper locations. They employed this method half a dozen times, always able to collect many weapons and plenty of ammo after the fight - and before the local authorities moseyed in to take a look at what was going on, but they were never able to recover any of the drugs or money. Their strategy changed when one of the men exiting a burning building dropped over, wearing a rocket launcher and carrying a sack full of rockets. Having a rocket launcher in their back pocket allowed them a much more aggressive approach to these robberies. It also boosted Ted and Miriams confidence tremendously. The rocket launcher gave them the confidence to crash right into the drug cartels lairs, separating the drug dealers from their product and money. When the remaining bandits followed them outside and pursued them they blew them away with a rocket.
Ted watched the men with his binoculars.
What are they doing now? asked Miriam.
Theyve tied a shirt around a rifle and theyre waving it out the window of the bus. Ted looked around behind him. Whered I set my rifle?
I moved it over here so that you wouldnt sit on it.
You are so thoughtful.
She handed it to him and he brought it up and looked through its scope, rather than through the binoculars.
What are you going to do, Ted?
One of the Mexicans was yelling something in Spanish.
What else? He cupped his hand around his mouth to help project his voice. Si, amigo! Si! Ven aqui!
What did you tell him?
He was asking if they could come out and I told him, yes, and to come over here.
She laughed, and sat up to watch. Youre such a good sport.
The first man came out, waving the rifle with the shirt on it. No me tire! No me tire!
Ted aimed his rifle. Hes saying, dont shoot me! Dont shoot me!
He wasnt yelling that when he had twelve other guys with him and they all had bullets, was he?
Sure wasnt. Ted squeezed off a shot and the mans head jerked back. He dropped on the ground at the foot of the bus and the other men scrambled over each other trying to get back to their shelter.
You know what I could really go for after we finish up here and get home? asked Miriam.
Whats that, sugar?
A bubble bath with a nice Mamoza made with the fresh pineapples we found in the market this morning.
Mmmm, that does sound good. Ted straightened up and watched the bus with his binoculars again. Maybe a cigar too.
Ted? A cigar? Miriams face soured. Theyre so unhealthy. At your age you really cant afford to take up smoking again. Doctor Raymond was already worried that your lungs might have some scar tissue from all the smoking you did in your younger days.
Ted slid back down behind the car and sat next to her. Cigars arent like smoking cigarettes, sugar. Theyre different. You only smoke them once in a while, to celebrate good times.
How much did we get? Miriam smiled, pointing to the satchel.
You tell me, he said, pushing the satchel her way.
She opened it and shook with excitement when she saw that most of the bills were large, hundreds and fifties  and none of it was those ridiculous pesos that were so hard for her to convert. She rifled through the packs bound in rubber bands. Theres at least a half million here. She shut the satchel and grabbed her gun. Lets finish these bums off.
Slow down. Theres no need to rush. The cavalry aint comin for these boys. The last thing we need to do is get really careless and rush a wounded tiger. Then, there would be no celebration tonight. I couldnt live without you, honey.
And I couldnt live without you, precious. So can we skip the cigar tonight?
I was really looking forward to the cigar, Ted complained.
There are other ways we can celebrate when we get home, she said, giving him a knowing look.
Okay. To hell with the cigar, he said, grinning impishly.
What are you thinking about right now, Ted?
I thought you were talking about sex, honey bunny, Ted said, suddenly confused.
Yes, Ted. I was talking about sex. Thats for later. What Im asking is, what do you think about the men in the bus?
Oh. I think youre right. I also think theyre about out of ammo. They werent carrying any ammo on them that I could see. They really werent well prepared for us even though it seems that they had been tipped off. They were definitely waiting for an attack.
So, how do you want to handle this?
Theyre all packed in that bus like sardines. Lets just finish them off with a rocket and then well high tail it out of here.
You read my mind, baby Miriam said, holding up a rocket. They replaced their ear plugs before Ted helped her get the launcher positioned properly on her shoulder. He leaned over her and kissed her neck before grabbing his gun again. Then he laid down a cover of fire, just in case they still had ammo, while Miriam popped up and prepared to fire the rocket. The men could see what she had braced on her shoulder. They panicked, not knowing whether they should exit the bus into the storm of bullets or hope that Miriam missed with her first attempt. She locked on to them with the laser sighting and squeezed the trigger gently, the way that Ted had taught her. The rocket hissed as it left the launcher, a small vapor trail spitting out behind it as it righted itself and made its way for the target. The men were just coming out the front of the bus when the rocket hit, blowing them into the air, and leaving the bus enveloped in a wall of flames.
Mamoza time, mouthed Ted, smiling at his wife.
*
Chapter 30
CROP CIRCLES AND ALIEN GRAFFITI
Crop circles are used to warn cows when one or more of them attempt to communicate, as you already know, but its not always the case. Young delinquents from advanced planets get such a thrill out of seeing the way Earthlings react to being contacted by beings outside of their world that they buzz down to your planet and tag fields with symbols and messages from their planet. For being as advanced as those young beings are, it is hardly a bright move for them to personalize their vandalism. The crop circles which have plants incorporated into their designs are done by Vogarians, an advanced race that evolved from sunflowers. The designs involving interconnecting circles and tetrahedons come from the young troublemakers of my race, the Akflurns , a race obsessed with design and engineering. And so on. When the offenders are identified they are disciplined.
Another favorite prank the young ones used to enjoy playing on the inhabitants of Earth was to steal your moon, before it was taken from you, of course. Pranksters would drag it out of its orbit and hide it behind another planet, and then they would observe the awkward Earthlings who tend to spend much of their time alone, gazing at the stars. Our advanced teens think it is all the rage to watch these unfortunate social misfits scan the stars with their telescopes desperately trying to find their moon. Then, our pranksters watch these lamentable goobers sound the alarm to anyone who will listen to them that the moon is gone. Usually, no one usually bothers to do more than look up at the sky and explain to them that the moon is fine, and reassure them that they just cant see it right now, that it is simply hidden behind some overcast clouds. I did this prank when I was young. It really is tremendously funny. One time we even made your moon dance back and forth across your sky. This really got your nerds going. Before anyone with credibility was on to our monkeyshines we stopped and returned the moon to normal.
The pranks that our young and ambitious like to perform, that we frown upon the most, are the abductions. It is always some poor isolated Earthling living a quiet life in the countryside who is targeted. Misguided miscreants swoop down out of the stars and chase the poor soul with their spaceship. They make a big show of it to the Earthling they intend to abduct, making certain that the Earthling gets a good look at the ships blinking lights, as it looms above them. They pretend to lose the Earthling during a long, drawn-out pursuit, creating the false sense that he or she has a slim chance of getting away, much like your game of hide and seek. Once the Earthling is forced from his hiding spot he is engulfed in a bright light and the chase is on again. Often, our young delinquents will lock on to the victim with their tractor beam and drag the poor victim to the ship. And then they do what young ones generally do, silly sophomoric things they find hilarious, like pushing things up the Earthlings bottom, or pretending to take a sample of tissue from the Earthlings eyeball and then showing him an image of a human baby with a reptilians tail. That one gets a big reaction. The Earthling is eventually returned to the planet, unharmed, and with a better pub story than he could ever dream up by himself. Not that anyone will ever believe him. These little incidents should be taken for what they are and excused by your people once they realize that they were nothing more than pranks. That is, should your civilization be allowed to continue.
*
Chapter 31
JUST SHOOT HIM IN THE FACE, GOVERNOR
Roger was slumped back on Emmas couch watching old movies with her as the rain poured outside the window. It was December and getting colder which made evenings staying in that much cozier. The storm was even producing good size lightning strikes which they could see through the picture window from the comfort of Emmas warm home. It was the best storm theyd seen in months. In another part of the country the votes for the presidential race were almost done being tallied and President Holcombe and his opponent Senator Pierce awaited the outcome nervously. Roger and Emma were oblivious to a world outside themselves and hadnt a clue that it was even going on. Emmas head rested lazily on Rogers lap while he stroked her hair and thought to himself that he couldve never imagined he had the capacity to feel this good. The first couple weeks of his relationship with Emma had been exciting, butterflies going at it in his stomach by the hour, but now it was even better. There was a sense of familiarity, of belonging to each other. And there was the warm feeling he got when he was finishing at work and knew that she was waiting for him. It was better than anything hed ever felt before. Finally there was someone that noticed when he wasnt around. Lying on the couch with her, he wished they could stay like that forever. It had been nearly a month since he had spoken to Bloom and he had almost forgotten that he worked for the government and not as a pizza delivery man when his phone rang. He fumbled for it, dropping it and picking it up several times. A real Chinese fire drill. He finally got it to his ear and answered. Yes.
Keeping it clean, sport.
Roger sat up quickly, nearly tumbling Emma to the floor.
Bloom?
I was when I got out of bed this morning.
Is it okay if I talk to my girl for a second?
Take a minute, sport.
This is one of my relatives, myAunt Trudy, Roger told Emma, his hand over the mouthpiece of his phone. Id better take this in private. Ill let you know whats going on after Ive spoken with her. He felt terrible lying to her but he had sworn an oath.
Okay, she said sympathetically. I hope everythings alright.
Everything will be fine. I just have to take this, he insisted.
Ummokay, I was going to prepare something in the kitchen. Are you hungry? I could make you a sandwich.
No. Im fine. Thank you. She looked at him nervously. You know what? Yes. Thank you. I would like a sandwich, Emma.
She stopped and hugged him before leaving the room.
Bloom? Roger said into the phone after she was out of range.
Congratulations. Youre going on your first trip.
What is it about? Where?
Well talk tomorrow. You know better than that. No details over the phone.
Right.
What do you think of your new boss?
Huh?
You didnt watch the election?
I-ummno. I meant to.
Turn to channel twenty five and take a look at him, said Bloom. Pierce is a piece of work. Ill send you his file so you can study everything from where he attended preschool to what brand of tissue paper he prefers.
Okay.
Well meet at Rodneys Cafe on Baxter tomorrow at nine PM. Wear your Pizza Star uniform. Ill see you then. The phone went dead. Roger dropped it in his pocket and turned the channel as directed. He saw Congressman Pierce putting his hands up in victory as the election was called and he was declared victorious. The announcer spoke over the picture. Senator Pierce ran a savvy campaign, utilizing his appeal to the young voters by making special appearances in some of the most popular films this year, including Fanny Finds Her Man and Just Shoot Him in the Face, Governor. We have word that President Holcombe is contacting President Pierce via satellite at this moment. In a true show of class, well watch President Holcomb live as he congratulates his opponent on his victory. Well be able to see President Holcombe along with everyone else on the big screen behind President Pierce. Everyone quieted and turned to the forty foot screen behind newly elected President Pierce. The picture came in. There was just a hand with the middle finger raised. Someone pulled a plug and the screen went black.
President Pierce turned back to the crowd with a grin. He ran his hand through his curly blond locks. Were going to miss him. The crowd erupted with laughter. Then his expression became more serious. I want all of you here tonight, and all of you out there watching from your homes, to know that things are going to change right now. No more song and dance and then the same old thing goes on in Washington. Thats over. You have my solemn word.
The auditorium erupted with applause.
Many of you are hurting out there tonight. He placed his hand in his pocket and stirred his finger in the crushed onion his assistant had placed there. Then he rubbed his eye with his finger. You cant afford a decent car or a decent house. You cant afford to send your children to a good school. Well, thats all going to end. You have my solemn word. He felt the tear well up in the corner of his eye and roll down his cheek right on cue and he made sure that the camera caught it before he wiped it away. When I decided to run for the presidency my critics said no, you cant, but I said: Yes, I can! And you backed me! You all said: Yes you can! He threw his hands up. And I did! And no one is ever going to say no you cant to me again! You have my solemn word!
Explosive applause and whistles. Emma entered the room carrying a plate with a sandwich on it and a glass of Pepsi. Roger took the food from her and they sat down on the couch again.
Is everything okay, Roger? she asked, her eyes heavy with worry.
Oh yeah. Sorry. False alarm. Everythings okay with Trudy, said Roger, taking a bite of the sandwich.
Good. Im so glad to hear that everythings okay. She looked at the TV and noticed Roger had changed the station. I didnt know you were interested in politics, she said.
Im not. He took another bite of the sandwich and washed it down with another slug of Pepsi. Just history. He smiled at her. I figured that we should see it.
If you want to, thats fine by me, but I find all of that stuff so boring. Nothing ever changes. They never do anything differently.
No, he said, taking a sip from the glass. I agree. They never do.
*
Chapter 32
NOT EXACTLY NOSTALGIA
Bloom sat in the diner stirring his coffee, watching the cream he added swirl around in the black, creating a mesmerizing effect. A noise outside the window stole his attention. A tricked-out sports car with blue neon ground effects pulled up near a couple of girls wearing tight shorts and mischievous smiles. The driver leaned out and offered them a ride. One of the girls gave him the middle finger and then both of them giggled while he stomped on the accelerator and disappeared from the parking lot, a blue haze speeding up the road. Bloom turned back to his cup of coffee, the swirl of cream going around and around and he drifted to an old memory. A couple strolling hand in hand down a long deserted country road toward her daddys farm house, corn fields on either side of them, quiet, except for the crickets, a blanket of stars spread against a black canvas which only a night outside the city can provide. Bloom took a deep breath, taking in the scents of a hot summer, the corn, the dirt, even the fertilizer, the way country boys do.
Bloom, youre so quiet, said Odelia.
Mmm hmm, he said, snapping his lock blade open and shut against his leg over and over as they walked. It had an eagle engraved on it, and a five inch blade he kept razor sharp, perfect for skinning deer.
Can you put the knife away for a while, Bloom, Odelia asked with her polite voice, which was always an octave higher than her normal speaking voice.
Mmm hmm, he answered again, lazily.
What are you thinking about, Bloom? He turned and smiled at her but his mind was still somewhere else and he didnt answer. Bloom! Im talking to you! She yanked down hard on his hand.
Ow! he said, looking down at their intertwined fingers. Goodness, youve got a strong grip!
Give me the knife.
Im not going to give you my knife, Dee. What do you want with my knife?
Youre never going to stop playing with it and talk to me unless I take it and put it in my bag, so give it over.He sighed and reluctantly handed her the knife and then rubbed his shoulder. I was asking you what you were thinking about, she told him.
Nothing. Just thinking about what a beautiful night it was before you attempted to separate me from my arm.
Well, if you answered me once in a while I wouldnt have to do that. She turned the clasp on her purse, locking it. So? What else were you thinking about?
What else do you think I couldve been thinking about? I was thinking about us, Dee. Your daddys just going to have to change his mind about me because theres no way Im going away.
Just give him some time. Daddy doesnt trust anyone outside the Lutheran church. Especially not a Catholic. He insists the Catholics are storing guns under the basements of their churches, just waiting for the opportunity to come after the rest of us.
Thats just hogwash, Bloom said, looking over at her and shaking his head. We store them in the bell towers.
Bloom, youre not funny.
Im a little funny.
Youre not funny, she said, her eyes bulging, the way they did when she was angry. Bloom almost apologized but she grinned first. Funny looking, she said, and yanked her hand free from his. She ran down the old gravel road, laughing hysterically, a game they played all the time.
I dont know why you even bother to run! he called after her. You never get away! He chased her down the road, the moon lighting the path for him. She looked over her shoulder and a burst of nervous giggling escaped her. Odelia could flat out run, in fact, she was known around their small town for being a good runner but the shoes shed worn to the dance earlier were holding her back so she stopped and kicked them off, scooped them up, pushed them into her purse, and then left the road for the high stalks of corn.
Cheater! Bloom yelled, and laughed. He kept his eye on the area of the corn field where she entered and made his way into the field after her, following the path of broken stalks. You know Im going to find you. He thought he heard rustling off to his right so he turned that direction and kept walking, pausing occasionally to listen, then moving on. I wont even have to run. Ill just walk you down like a wounded deer. He saw a flash between the stalks as she bolted from her hiding place just before he could find her. Her laughter continued to give her away and he ran toward the sound, breaking his promise to walk. He stopped and listened carefully, waiting to hear a stalk break or for her to lose control and giggle again. It disappeared before he could locate her. He moved quietly, pushing the stalks out of his way, gently. He heard breathing off to his right. He crouched down so she wouldnt see him coming this time. He took smaller steps, more cautious. He could see a piece of her white dress soaked by moonlight, a ghost only ten yards away. He charged the apparition in the corn. He froze when the stalks suddenly parted, revealing something, something bizarre  unlike anything Bloom had ever seen before  crouching, holding his beloved Dee around the waist and around the neck with thick vine-like arms. It stood all the way up, nearly ten feet tall, and as green as the surrounding stalks. It had no mouth, small slits where a human would have a nose, and one large eye in its forehead. Dee was twisting back and forth and struggling to say something but no words could escape her mouth. Bloom reached into his pocket for his knife, just to feel his heart sink when he realized he had given it to Dee to put in her purse, and now the purse was nowhere to be seen. He moved closer to the creature but froze when he saw a sharp digit extend from its appendage and press against Dees throat. Suddenly, the air around him felt different, unnatural. Something was happening. The stocks began to sway the way they did when a storm blew in but there was no wind. Bloom heard a humming and felt the air around him vibrating. He lunged at the strange being just as it started rising from the field, taking Dee with it, a large beam coming down from the sky, a huge craft hovering above them. Bloom managed to latch on to what mustve been its legs. They, too, were like vines, moist and slimy. His hands struggled for a decent hold. They slipped and gripped again, slipped and gripped again. The thing twisted and kicked at Bloom while it rose, landing most of the blows on the top of his head and neck. Above the field, glowing blue, green, and yellow, the magnificent ship opened up to receive them. Bloom couldnt imagine why he hadnt seen or heard the ship until it was over them. Dee screamed and Bloom dug his fingers into the being tighter, terrified that he would lose his hold, and his girl forever. Slowly the three of them rose above the corn stalks. Blooms hands began to slip free. Please no, he begged. But he lost his hold and fell back toward the field, his eyes locked on Dees terrified face, until he crashed to the ground, a tremendous explosion of pain. Bloom! she screamed one last time, as she disappeared into the belly of the ship with the creature. Bloom watched helplessly from the crushed stalks with a broken leg and a couple of broken ribs, while tears streamed down his cheeks. The ship rose like a runaway helium balloon that had escaped a toddlers fingers, higher and higher, and then it zipped off with such speed that its impression still hung before Blooms eyes.
The memory was so vivid that Blooms hands twisted and pulled on the table, desperately. The vein on his forehead throbbed and sweat soaked his collar, while his heart pounded wildly. Trapped in the memory, suddenly, Bloom felt something grabbing his arm.
*
Chapter 33
WHAT A TRIP
You want more coffee, asked the waitress, pulling Blooms wrist to get his attention after he hadnt answered for the second time. Then she noticed the look of horror in his eyes. Honey, you okay?
Blooms eyes darted to the hand on his wrist, his heart still pounding. But then, as he had learned to do over the years, he shook free of his thoughts and forced a smile. The waitress wore a nametag that read CONNIE. He took a deep breath. Im okay, Connie. Do you ever suddenly realize that you forgot something? For a second I thought I forgot to turn off my coffee pot before I left the house. But I did. I distinctly remember now that I turned it off.?
Most of them have a sensor that shuts them off if they run dry or get too hot so that they dont start a fire.
That right? He smiled. Never even had a reason to worry, then.
So that was about a coffee pot? She reached around him and poured him more coffee. The look on your face said there was something more serious going on than a coffee pot. You shouldve seen your expression. Your eyes were as wide as the saucer under your cup. She put her hand on his shoulder. Ive seen that look on your face when you were in here before. You need to talk to somebody, honey?
No. It was nothing. Thanks for your concern.
Roger walked up behind her. The waitress turned into him, nearly fumbling the tray she was carrying. Pardon me. She walked around him and down the aisle. Roger slid into the booth across from Bloom.
Look at you, Bloom said, smiling. A secret agent man. Got a nice girl now- at least I hope shes nice.
Roger grinned sheepishly. Really nice.
Good for you, sport. You deserve it. The smile slowly faded from Blooms face. We have business to attend to.
Is it bad?
Youre familiar with the pop star Sunny Morrison who went missing last Thursday while performing at the Garden?
Yeah, I know who she is. Everybody knows who she is. Theres no escaping her music.
I take it youre not a fan?
I d rather have you insert a drill with a four inch bit in my ear and turn it on high.
You dont like top 40 music?
Heck no. Give me some old heavy metal. Led Zeplin, ACDC, Van Halen with Roth at the lead. The Beatles are okay when Im listening to softer stuff.
No kidding. With everything I know about you, I never wouldve figured you for a metal head, kid.
Id be just fine if I never heard Sunny Morrisons voice again.
Too bad. Shes your first mission, sport. A woman named Rose that works for us at an outpost outside Zerbicon spotted her with a Fleasian. Sunny didnt look pleased.
A Fleasian? I dont remember studying them.
You might not have gotten to them. There are just so many civilizations out there.
What do they look like?
Theyve got a sucker thing right about here, said Bloom, as he pointed to areas of his head, and pincers up here, andyoull see for yourself.
When do I leave?
We leave. Im going to hold your hand on this first one. Maybe a few. Its not that I dont trust you; its thatIll trust you soon enough. He took a sip of coffee. We have to wait to get clearance to leave the planet. Well be ready by tomorrow night. Ill meet you at Pizza Star at nine thirteen. Wear your uniform and bring your tool bag.
*
Chapter 34
DID I REMIND YOU TO HOLD YOUR BREATH?
The next night Roger stood outside the Pizza Star waiting for Bloom. He checked the time. Thirteen minutes after nine, just as Bloom pulled into the lot in his beat-up pickup truck. He got out and walked across the lot toward Roger. Instead of the laborer get-up that he often wore Bloom was dressed in the Pizza Star uniform, right down to the big blocky red and yellow hat. Roger looked at him and smiled.
You look like a-
Never disrespect the uniform, sport. Its in bad taste, said Bloom, cutting him off before he could finish the sentence.
You have to wear it?
This uniform is recognized throughout the galaxy as a symbol of Earth and her goal to live in peace and harmony with her neighbors. I have great reverence for this uniform, as you should.
Sorry, said Roger.
Accepted, said Bloom.
They walked into the back entrance of the Pizza Star and stopped when a teenager with strawberry blond hair and a mild acne condition froze and looked them over. He stared particularly hard at Bloom, never having seen anyone older than twenty five in the Pizza Star uniform.
Wild out there tonight, said Bloom, trying to sound natural. Must be a big ball game on the tube tonight. People cant get enough pizza. Know what I mean? Give me another pepperoni! Pronto!
You dont work here, said the kid. His name tag said: BRAD.
Weve got to take a look at something on your roof, Brad, Bloom, said with a smile.
I dont care. Do whatever you want, said the kid, shaking his head. Like I really want to hear about it, he mumbled, as he walked away.
Bloom stopped before opening the door to the rooftop and looked back at Roger. He took his umbrella out and turned it on. Turn your umbrella on. Have you been practicing with your umbrella, altering your image?
Yeah, a little, said Roger. I can hold a face.
Go ahead, Bloom told him, while he slowly changed into a young dark haired man with green eyes. Ive been using this look for a while.
Roger turned his umbrella on and concentrated. His face slowly changed.
When he finished, Bloom asked him, Seriously?
Why not? Its Uma Wallace. She used to have a daytime talk show. My mom always watched it when I was a kid. Im so used to her face that its easy for me to hold it in my mind, explained Roger.
Youll have a mans voice coming from a womans head. Never draw suspicion, sport. Change it.
Roger changed to a middle aged man with a square jaw and a conservative comb-over. Okay? he asked Bloom.
Who is that?
My father.
Thatll work.
Bloom opened the door and they walked on to the roof. The Pizza Star sign above the store was a large sun surrounded by slices of pizza that were made to look like rays coming from it. Bloom reached into the back of the sun and pressed a button. The top slice that surrounded the sun slid down to lay flat on the roof.
This is one of several worm hole ports that theAh! I can never pronounce their names. Theyve got scales and gills on the sides of their necks. Anyway, they built these worm hole ports for us. Weve got several of them. One at an airbase that can transport large objects, several at Pizza Stars, and Shirley McClain ended up with one, somehow.
Why dont our umbrellas mess with their energy?
These dont run on electricity. They run on an energy called zum, very clean and efficient. Far more powerful than nuclear.
Sounds like zum really good stuff. Id really like to have zum. Do you have zum?
Thats enough of that.
I cant get zum?
Bloom wasnt laughing.
Sorry. How did you make contact with thewhatever you call them? asked Roger.
We caught one trespassing down in the swamps around Louisiana when I was younger. I was the agent who actually made first contact with their race. I got into a long, drawn out, exhausting fight with one of them. When I finally got the upper hand I held him under water- we had been fighting in a river  and I just kept holding him under there, choking him and waiting for him to drown, and holding him and holding him and holding him. He didnt look panicked at all. If anything, he looked bored. Finally, I realized that the gills on the side of his neck were fully operational and that it wouldve taken days to drown that guy. They only need to come up for air every once in a while, like some of our reptiles. We had a crude version of our translator back then so I dragged him out of the water and threw him down on the bank. I grabbed my bag and plopped the translator on my head. Three hours later we had arrived at some guidelines by which we could both live. We allow them to sneak down here and get something from our swamps that their planet needs to thrive and they gave us some technology, and what we couldnt understand, they built for us. Like these worm hole portals.
And they shape them like a piece of pizza?
Theyre not all shaped like this one, kid. Bloom sat down on the pizza. That was Buds idea. Have a seat on that other piece of pepperoni there, said Bloom, pointing to the other half of the pepperoni pizza slice.
On the pepperoni?
Yup. Right on that pepperoni.
Does this thing fly or something? asked Roger, as he sat down nervously.
Its a wormhole portal. Youre not familiar with Einsteins theory? Space folding over connecting two points? Once we power it up we will transport halfway across the galaxy in three seconds to a landing port where well await a pilot with a ship that will bring us to our destination. Bloom slid his butt back and forth, examining the pepperoni beneath him, before repositioning himself again. My butts getting a little bit big for this.
What happens if some of your butt is hanging off the side of the pepperoni? asked Roger.
Youd really like to arrive with your entire butt, answered Bloom. Roger checked his position on the pepperoni, nervously.
Once they were set, Bloom got ready to squeeze the front of his pepperoni. Roger was staring at him strangely. Really?
Yup. This is how we do it, Bloom told him. All set?
I guess so.
Oh wait. Remember to hold your breath until weve stabilized on the other side. I told you that before, didnt I, sport?
What? Hold my breath? You never said anything about holding my breath? What happens if I dont hold my breath?
Your lungs fill in solid with displaced flesh and you suffocate when you arrive at your destination. Its really ugly. Im sure I told you that before. I didnt tell you that?
No.
Okay, take in a breath and get ready to - wait a minute. You do know to shut your eyes, dont you?
What? Shut my eyes? Bloom, stop this thing! Roger started to get up but Bloom pulled him back down.
You really dont want to get up once this thing has started, sport.
What? Why?
Settle down, sport. Settle down. Its already powered up and theyre waiting for us on the other side.
Why do I need to shut my eyes?
That flesh filling side effect. Youd arrive with two inches of flesh stuck to your eyeballs. You wouldnt want that. Bloom grabbed the front of the pepperoni again. Okay, here we go.
Wait, Bloom, wait! Is there anything else you didnt tell me?
No. That was it. Just those two things.
The machine hummed.
Wait! You already mentioned three!
Sure, if you include the butt placement, but yours is skinny. You have nothing to worry about.
So theres nothing else? asked Roger.
Nothing.
Youre sure?
Impretty sure.
Pretty sure, Bloom?
Unlessnaw, that doesnt really matter. WellHold your breath, Roger and close your eyes.
Wait! Bloom, what doesnt matter? Bloom! Roger saw bloom squeeze the pepperoni. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. There was a loud whooshing noise as if all of the air in the world was escaping a punctured vessel.
*
Chapter 35
I LIKED FAT ELVIS
Suddenly they were both standing in an empty lobby with light music playing in the background: The Girl From Ipanema by Gilberto and Getz. Roger was holding his breath and his eyes were still squeezed shut. Bloom looked down and turned from side to side, examining his butt. Once satisfied he slapped it for good measure. Then he tapped Roger on the elbow and Roger let out the breath hed been holding and slowly opened his eyes. He coughed and panted while he caught his breath.
Worm port 362774. Pleasant, isnt it?Bloom said. Have a seat. He pointed Roger to a row of various sized cubes along the glass wall. Behind the wall Roger could see planets he didnt recognize. Bloom pointed to a green body of energy. Thats the sucker were going to. Bloom walked to the far wall and chose a cube that was right for his size and sat down, folding his hands in his lap. Roger studied the cube next to Bloom before sitting down.
What now?
Patience, Bloom said, spotting a magazine on a nearby cube. It looked like a Sports Illustrated but the athlete on the cover had an elephants head and claws wrapped around a short blunt club. Cant believe he won, Bloom said, looking at the cover. He picked it up and leafed through it. We have a pilot coming for us. Try to relax. When youre nervous it makes others nervous. Im sure Olga taught you that.
After about twenty minutes the electronic door opened and a couple of furry legs could be seen in the entrance, quickly followed by six more. A spider, no smaller than seven feet in diameter, stood in the lobby entrance. Roger felt the urge to pull his legs up on the cube and cower in a ball. Bloom looked up from his magazine and shook his head. Roger wanted to show Bloom he wasnt intimidated by meeting other races so he got off the cube and wiped the sweat from his hand on the side of his pants. He approached the spider on rubbery legs. His throat swelled with anxiety and he swallowed hard. He extended his hand. On behalf of Earth, he began in a shaky voice, Id like to-
Suddenly Bloom was beside him. He slapped Rogers hand down. Git! Go on! Git! Get out of here! The spider turned and rumbled out of the lobby. The doors shut behind it. Some of these wormhole ports have terrible pest problems, he told Roger, before returning to his cube to continue reading. Roger was still trembling when he sat down beside Bloom. A few minutes later a very pale being with gills on the side of his throat entered. He was wearing a uniform that looked official but Roger still didnt move until Bloom did. Bloom reached into his bag and pulled out his translator. When Roger still hadnt moved he waved him up. Once they both had their gear on, Bloom bowed to the man that resembled a fish. Respectful greetings. Blooms voice came out of the speaker on top of his head as a series of sucking noises. This is my colleague, Roger. Again it sounded like sucking noises.
Very pleased to meet you, said Roger, bowing. Suck glurgle suck suck.
And you, sir, said the fish being.
This is Rogers first time off the planet, said Bloom.
I hope youll be able to return, the fish being told him.
What does he mean by that, Bloom? asked Roger.
Thats nothing. Just a common phrase in his language when someone is going on a trip.
Really, Bloom? asked Roger, starting to become more dubious of Blooms explanations.
Could be, said Bloom, and then he quickly changed the subject by addressing the pilot. Just a day trip today, we hope.
Im very sorry Im late, Bloom. Well leave immediately.
Bloom nodded. Bloom and Roger followed the fish being out the door.
They built the worm hole portals? asked Roger quietly, pointing to the back of the being that was guiding them.
I cant even come close to pronouncing what theyre called so I just call them fish men. Does that seem speecist to you?
They walked down a tunnel that was attached to a docking platform and then boarded the ship. The walls had many observation points where they would be able view outside the ship as it traveled. They sat down on benches along the interior wall. When Roger started to lean back Bloom grabbed him and pulled him forward. The walls were wet and looked like meat. The entire ship smelled like a wet dog. Bloom pointed to the wall.
This ship is half metals, half living tissue. It maintains and repairs itself like a body does. It runs on zum but the pilot also has to dock on a planet with vegetation and let it graze occasionally.
They flew for several hours. Roger stood up and walked to an observation portal. There was a gold-colored luxury sedan coming toward the ship. Bloom got up and joined him. He leaned forward and studied the car as it approached.
About a seventy two, Id say. Buick Electra. Glumners just love Earth cars from the seventies.
Glumners?
Highly intelligent, very peaceful slug-like beings. They have cars from our planet gutted and refitted for space travel. There are probably about a thousand Glumners in that Buick. Bloom sat down again. They like to ride in style.
After traveling for a little while longer, the ship slowed down and the pilot eased into another dock.
This is our stop, Bloom told Roger as he got to his feet. They both walked to the door which opened for them. The pilot gurgled at them, telling them he would wait for them for up to one day, and Bloom gave him a nod and said some gurgle talk back to him. They left the ship and walked on a beaten path lined by dense green and yellow shrubbery that was about ten feet wide. 
The Kings castle is that way, said Bloom, pointing. They started walking. Stay close to the middle of the path, Bloom directed. Roger nodded. They hiked for half an hour before Bloom stopped and punched the coordinates for the castle into his phone. While Bloom was busy, Roger noticed something moving in the brush and walked up closer to get a better look. A light blue hairless head, about three times that of a humans, slid out and looked up at him with the most innocent looking bright blue eyes, and chubby baby-like cheeks. Roger melted. The big blue baby had three large square-shaped teeth, one on top and two on the bottom.
Youre so cute, Roger said, squatting down and inching forward on his heels, cautiously, so he wouldnt scare it away. Hi there, cutie, he said, with his best baby voice. Come here, he smiled at the chubby being and the being smiled back at him. Roger inched a little closer. You are soooo cute, He reached out to rub his baby blue head. The being grabbed his wrist and crawled up on to the path. He pulled Roger close and hugged him tight. You sure are a friendly big guy. The baby-like giant rolled Roger to the ground and then climbed up and sat on him, five hundred pounds stealing his breath. Bloom! he was barely able to get out. Bloom continued to mess with coordinates. Bloom! he said, trying again. The baby-like being played with Rogers hair. He leaned down and tasted it. Bloom, help! Bloom barely heard him. He turned around and marched over to the heavy baby-like being. 
Stop playing with him, he told Roger, as he grunted and pushed on the beings back. All done now, he told the blue being. You go now. Just before Roger passed out the being got off him and crawled back into the brush, the vegetation parting as he went. You think hes cute? Bloom asked Roger, after helping him to his feet. Youve got to use your head, sport. I used to work with an agent who had only one arm. He thought that Mubs were cute, too. Bloom pulled Roger back to the center of the path by the elbow. I dont expect to babysit you. You know better. I told you to stay close to the middle of the path. Bloom shook his head.
Sorry, said Roger, looking down at his arm, grateful it was still there.
They hiked on for another half hour until they reached an enormous castle, black and gray and covered in hair in some spots. When they reached the entrance, the castle opened like it had a mouth. Hes expecting us, said Bloom. They walked in. A being with insect features so repulsive that Roger startled when he appeared, beckoned them to follow. He led them through large rooms where treasures and glowing stones were spilled about, in what seemed like a careless fashion to Roger, but then, what did he know of Fleasian living. They entered a room with a very high ceiling and there sat King Mokatte wrapped in beautiful silks; and chained to his throne, kicking and crying, was the famous pop star, Sunny Morrison.
King Mokatte, said Bloom, and it sounded like clicking and popping noises through his translator. He wind milled his arm in a circle and the fly-like being repeated the gesture. As Im sure you already know, we are here to bring Miss Morrison home to Earth.
Shes mine! I found her!
But you found her on Earth and took her away from there and thats in direct violation of galactic law. Mother would be so disappointed if we had to have one of our neighbors file a report on our behalf.
I big fan! I love Sunny! She Mine! King Mokatte reached down and pulled Sunny up to him. He ran his sucker across her face a couple of times before wrapping it in her blond hair.
Its so gross! Its so disgusting! Please get this disgusting insect off of me! Please! Sunny begged, and started crying hysterically again.
I keep! You go now! yelled the Fleasian king.
King, please allow me to speak to my colleague for a moment. The king waved him off. Bloom took Roger by the elbow and led him away. When they were far enough from the king and the pop star he spoke to Roger. Here you go, sport, Bloom said, to Roger. The balls in your hands. Find a way to-
While Roger was looking at Bloom, Rogers face suddenly started changing, growing huge eyes, a set of pincers, antennae, and a sucker, so that he resembled the king.
Roger, get a hold of yourself! You need to concentrate!
Bloom grabbed Roger by his shoulders and turned him so that he could see his reflection in the glossy wall. Roger jumped. He concentrated until his appearance changed back to his fathers. I cant help it. That kings so ugly that its hard for me to look at him without losing my concentration.
You have no choice. You need to stay focused. Now, take the ball and run it in for a touchdown. This is your time. Lets get that little girl back home. Bloom and Roger walked back to the king.
Roger began slowly. Your Highness, it is an honor to stand before you.
Go on.
You said that you love Sunny. Is that true?
Yes.
What is it that you love about her?
Her music. When she sings. I love her more than anything else in the universe.
Did you hear that Sunny? The king is your biggest fan.
Sunny gave Roger the finger but she stopped crying. She looked at the king. Really? There was no situation Sunnys ego couldnt overcome.
If you keep her here, King Mokatte, chained to your throne, Sunny will never be able to create any more music. Not only will you deprive millions of her fans of new music but youll deprive yourself.
Sunny smiled at the king while he contemplated what Roger had said. She folded her hands together as though she were begging, causing the chains to rattle. After what seemed like an eternity to Sunny the king pushed a button on his throne and the chains dropped from Sunnys wrists. Sunny almost hugged the King in gratitude but pulled back at the last moment and patted one of his hairy arms, much the way a little girl whos disgusted by worms finally gets the courage to touch one.
Sunny grabbed Roger and bear-hugged him. The king cried out angrily and slammed his arm down on his throne.
Start walking, Bloom told the two of them. Hes still not real happy about this. He waved his arm in a circle to the king as they were leaving. Much obliged, King Mokatte. They walked through one of the rooms with gold pieces strewn about. Sunny reached down and grabbed a handful of coins from the floor. Bloom grabbed her hand and squeezed it open, shaking the gold loose as they walked.
Hey! That was mine! Sunny argued. Hed never know. Besides, do you know what Ive been through? I deserve it. Bloom kept his arm around her waist and kept her walking. When they got to the ship where the fish man was waiting for them, Sunny took one look at him and said, Look at this thing. Does this ever end?
Bloom pointed and when Sunny looked at what he was pointing at he pulled a hypodermic needle from his pocket and gave her a shot, causing her to immediately pass out. He caught her as she dropped and then directed Roger to take her. Roger stared at what was a beautiful face, as long as it was sleeping. When she was asleep she wasnt nearly as repulsive, Roger thought to himself, as he carried her to a waiting bed in a small side room on the ship. The room had a basketball-size observation window where Bloom could check on her. After they flew for an hour Bloom said something to the pilot and he rerouted the ship. What Roger saw next he couldnt believe. It was a huge Pizza Star just floating out there in space. The pilot eased up next to it.
Im getting us a pie, kid. Anything special you want on it? And dont say anchovies, he added quietly, signaling toward the pilot.
There are pizza joints in space? Roger asked in disbelief.
Not pizza joints. Pizza Star. The greatest pizza in the galaxy. Bloom placed his order. When Bud Pratt asked if he could expand his pizza chain we said that wed be glad to help. We thought he meant expanding to more cities than the three he was in at the time. He had bigger ideas. It turned out to be good for Earth. The two biggest cultural donations Earth has made to the galaxy so far have been pizza and Elvis Presley. When Elvis was abducted we sent a whole posse out to retrieve him and he just-
Wait! Go back! Roger said, waving his hands. Elvis never died? That conspiracy theory is true?
A metal tube extended out to the ship. It locked on to an external port. The port opened and the pizza flew into the ship and landed on the floor with a PLOP! Where youre the star, said a mechanical voice, as the arm contracted back into the Pizza Star.
Elvis was abducted by fans out here. Much similar to what just happened to Sunny. But when he had the chance to return he opted to stay. He liked it out here. Said that he just needed to get away from all of his crazy fans. Did you know that one young lady after a performance in Michigan tried to gouge his eyes out with a fork so that she could bring them home with her? You believe that? No wonder he wanted out.
How often does someone get abducted and choose to stay?
Weve had a few of those cases.
So Elvis is alive out here some place and pizza is the favorite food of the galaxy?
Yeah. When people call pizza the universal food, theyre closer to the truth than they know.
Who was it that died on the toilet back on Earth, then, if it wasnt Elvis?
A really good impersonator named Bobby Funderburke. He was totally blown out of his mind when we picked him up and told him he was going to fill Elvis shoes permanently. It was like hed died and went to heaven. He took Elvis career over at its peak. When Elvis was thin and smooth. Unfortunately, as good an impersonator as Bobby was, he had a propensity for excesses like beer and frying everything in bacon fat. He got to looking and behaving a little sloppy. Elvis would look in on him from time to time and then contact us and ask, Whats going on down there? Bobbys got me looking like a fat superhero. I just saw Bobby performing in Vegas wearing a rhinestone studded cape. We told the king there wasnt a whole lot we could do about it.
I liked fat Elvis-
You mean you liked Bobby, corrected Bloom.
Right. Bobby. I liked Bobby just as much as Elvis. I didnt mind him being fat. The extra size kind of gave the act more stage presence.
The extra size kind of gave Bobby a heart attack.
Bloom and Roger ate their pizza and then Bloom went to look in on Sunny.
*
Chapter 36
ONE EXORCIST, PLEASE
Look at her, sport. Just as peaceful as an angel in there, said Bloom.
Is there somebody else in there? Because you cant possibly be talking about Sunny, said Roger, amazed that Bloom wasnt completely repulsed by the spoiled brat.
I never had a daughter, said Bloom, with a sigh. I always wanted a daughter.
Shes got a father already, Bloom. Hes called Lucifer.
Youre just way too hard on her, said Bloom, still watching her with a slightly goofy look in his eye. Seems a shame that were going to have to scramble her brain, her being an artist and all.
An artist? Have you heard the vulgar things that come out of her mouth as she barks like a devil dog, Bloom? It isnt even close to music. Youve never heard Sunny sing before? Calling her an artist is a real stretch. Are you familiar with her last hit single, The Gong Gong Song? The refrain for that song is: It might be nasty. It might be wrong wrong. But I want you to bang my gong gong. Roger threw his hands up. Thats not art, Bloom.
Maybe we dont have to scramble her brain. Maybe we could use her. Sunnys gotten really popular out here in the galaxy.
You know how I feel about your whole brain scramble program, Bloom, but if there was ever was a candidate that made that radical procedure seem justified I think it would be Sunny Morrison. Roger looked at her just in time to see her prop herself up on her elbow and wipe the spit from her mouth. She punched the pillow and gave it the finger before going back to sleep. No! Bloom, please! Bringing her in is just a bad idea! Just give her the little brain scramble thing.
I am surprised by you. I didnt think you looked down on anyone. It doesnt seem like you, sport.
Bloom, please, I promise you that itll end badly if you bring Sunny into the agency.
Theres just something about her, sport. She is the antithesis of you but possibly of equal value to us. Where you are gentle and warm, she is rough and cold. Where you reason and convince with a soft touch, she demands, and makes it somehow seem reasonable. But you two have integral things in common. You both demand perfection from yourselves. And you are both survivors. I think we need to bring her aboard, sport.
There was something almost bewitching about the way Bloom acted toward Sunny. Roger had no idea what his mentor saw in her. He knew that Sunny was poison and that bringing her in could possibly even jeopardize the bureau, but then he had no choice in the matter. Bloom was going to do what Bloom was going to do.
*
Chapter 37
SQUIRREL!
Oh! I dont know if I can take much more of this, Gary said, holding his baby up away from his face. I think this baby mustve gotten into the onions. Hes farting up a storm. Its just terrible.
Gary, I smelled that! Thats you! I recognize your flatulence! Dont you dare blame it on that poor baby! Linda yelled over her shoulder, while she flipped a burger.
Linda and Gary were having a barbecue in the park to welcome Emma and Brian into their circle of friends. Brian sat in a lawn chair across from Gary and his baby while Linda grilled brats and burgers and Roger and Emma were out walking Looney.
That wasnt me, Linda! I swear that was him! Ive never produced anything that smelled that bad!
Dont you raise your voice with me, Gary Faraday!
I wasnt raising my voice. I was just using a higher volume to emphasize that I didnt do it. Gary winced and fanned his hand at the babys bottom. The baby laughed.
Brian just stared at him, shaking his head.
Okay, a couple of times that was me but this baby has been doing most of it, Gary said, defensively. Smells like a city dump wrapped in a blanket of rotten fish. The kid farts like a sasquatch. Gary resumed his conversation with Brian. So youve always been able to recall information like this?
As far back as I can remember. My dad used to show me off like I was a monkey doing parlor tricks at his Hollywood parties. Ive always been able to remember all kinds of stats, from sports to science. I even remember the mundane details of life going back until I was about two.
You mean like what color shirt you were wearing on the 4th of July or whether you had a cold or not?
Yeah, stuff like that. I guess that chic who used to star on the sitcom Taxi can do it too. Thats what my dad told me. He knows her pretty well. Mary Lou Henner, thats her name.
Okay, whatd you have for breakfast on August sixth 1996?
Trix cereal, milk, orange juice, and half of a waffle.
You didnt care to finish your waffle?
I threw it on the floor. I was three.
If I had thrown my waffle on the floor when I was three my father wouldve made certain that I picked it up and finished it, after he rubbed my nose in it. Suddenly Gary held the baby up and turned his head. Oh, man! Thats just awful! Its like pure evil rumbling out of your little bottom! The baby giggled. And the math, it also just comes to you like nothing?
I guess.
Whats four hundred fifty eight thousand, seven hundred ninety two times fifty five thousand, three hundred eighty nine?
Twenty five billion, four hundred twelve million, thirty thousand, and eighty eight.
Thats ridiculous. Youre like that guy in the movie Rain Man. Youre like an idiot savant without the idiot part.
I appreciate you dropping the idiot from savant.
One more, insisted Gary.
Okay, agreed Brian.
Who stole my Gunsmoke lunchbox with Doc and Kitty on it back when I was in the third grade?
Larry Myer, Brian answered without hesitation.
Whos that? Really?
No. Theres no way that I could know that, Gary.
The baby farted again and grinned over his shoulder at his dad.
Im going to vomit, Linda! I swear I am! Gary fanned the flatulence Brians way. Brian covered his face and choked. Fourteen months old, Linda, and he farts like a fifty two year old cab driver from Tijuana. That had to come from your side of the family. He looked at Brian. This kids going to gas us out. A few more of those and you wont have enough brain cells left to tie your shoes.
He cant help it. Hes just little. Brian made a baby face at him and the baby laughed.
So why havent you done anything with your super brain? Youre like Roger. He was like ubergeek smart but all he does is delivers pizzas.
I was partying, wasting my potential, but Im finished doing that. Im going to find a direction in life and focus on it. Do something to make my mark.
The baby farted again. Linda, please! Ill flip the burgers. Hes killing me!
*
Days like this, I wish they never had to end, Roger told Emma, as they walked, hands intertwined. Looney stopped to sniff the trunk of a tree giving Roger the chance to stop and embrace Emma. I love you, Emma.
Emma reached up and put her hand on his cheek. I know you do, Roger.
Thanks a lot, he said, his face crestfallen.
Im teasing you. Youre so gullible and sensitive. She leaned in and kissed him. I love you too, Roger.
Would you freak out if I brought up marriage, again, Em?
Looney finished sniffing the tree and headed up the path.
Why? Did you meet someone nice?
Never mind, said Roger, dejectedly, as he tried to pull away from her. Youre never serious.
Come on, Roger, she said, putting both arms around his shoulders and pulling him close again. I was kidding.
But you always do that. You change the subject or make a joke or suddenly rush off. I love you. You say you love me. But you dont want to marry me?
Its complicated right now. In time I hope to be able to make you understand. I want to be with you. Can we please just hold off for now and not talk about marriage yet?
Roger sighed. Yeah, of course. If thats what you want. I wont pressure you. I just love you and it seems like the natural progression.
I know it seems like Im running off again but I have to make a little trip out into the woods for a moment. I was going to use the facilities in the park but they were out of order.
Sure. Ill wait here with Looney. He watched her jog out into the woods. Then he called Looney back because he was getting out too far ahead of them. Looney bounded back down the trail, until he was at Rogers knees, licking at his hands. Ive got something for you, boy, he said, rubbing the top of Looneys head. Roger sat down on some deadfall and pulled the inserts that allowed telepathic communication out of his pocket. He pressed a set into his own ears and then lifted Looneys ears and inserted the other pair.
That tickles, Looney thought to himself.
It does tickle, Roger answered, and Looney jumped back with a start.
Youre in my head, Roger!
Its okay, Looney. And youre in mine.
How did you do that?
Its a special trick. It wont hurt you.
Im scared, Roger. I want your talking out of my head.
You just need to trust me, Looney. I wouldnt do anything to harm you. Will you trust me just for a little while?
Okay, Roger. I trust you. Do you have anything to eat then?
No. Well have something to eat when we get back to the picnic.
Can we eat lots of stuff?
Well eat a normal amount?
Why not lots of stuff?
Itll make you sick, just like the last time you got into Garys salami.
I love food so much. More than you love that girl. SQUIRREL! Looney saw a squirrel above them jump from one tree to another. Roger flinched. SQUIRREL!!
Looney, settle d-
SQUIRREL! SQUIRREL! Do you see it, Roger? Its up there! SQUIRREL!
I see it, Looney. Roger rubbed his temples. Can we get back to our talk?
Sorry, Roger. I just really hate squirrels.
I know you do, Looney. Its okay.
What did you want to talk about, Roger?
Youve been moping around lately and sleeping a lot, Looney. Are you depressed?
Depressed?
Sad.
I am sad.
Why?
Gary doesnt love me anymore. He only loves that baby who makes the stink.
Thats not true.
It is. He spends all of his time with that baby. This is the first time hes taken me to the park to chase birds in months.
The baby just requires a lot of attention now. It doesnt mean that he loves you less than he did.
How do you know?
I know these things. I promise. Gary told me.
He has?
Yes. He still cares very much about you.
That makes me very happy to hear.
Let me ask you about something else.
SQUIRREL! SQUIRREL! Look, Roger.
I see it, Looney. Can we forget about the squirrel for now?
The squirrel disappeared inside the tree.
Okay,Roger.
Do you like Emma?
I do like her. She has a weird smelling butt though.
You smelled her butt?
I smell everybodys butt. Its a great way to get to know people or dogs. Do you want to smell my butt?
No. I dont. No offense, Gary said, rubbing Looneys head.
None taken.
I want to marry Emma but she doesnt seem to want to marry me.
Dogs never marry.
But dogs play the field, sniff a lot of butts. Chase a lot of other dogs. Theres only one for me.
You only want to sniff Emmas butt?
Something like that. Suddenly Roger heard the bushes rustling. Shes coming back. Roger lifted Looneys ears. Sorry, pal. I need these. Well talk again some time. Roger pulled the telepathic communicators and then his own and slipped them back into his pocket just as Emma stepped out onto the path.
Did you miss me?
Of course.
Were you positively bored out of your mind?
I didnt say that. I was having a nice visit with Looney.
Oh, Emma said, looking down at Looney and smiling. She grabbed Rogers hand and they started back toward the picnic to join the others.
*
Chapter 38
LENNY VS GARY
Honey, I cant find my eyedropper or my medicine! Gary yelled up the stairs. His eye flinched and blinked several times and he rubbed it. Linda! He waited for a response. Its getting worse! I need that dropper! He waited again. Linda? Gary shook his head. Shes always running around somewhere, he mumbled. There was a loud rap at the door. Gary stepped from the landing to the entrance and pulled the door open.
Wheres Sunny? asked Lenny (Sunnys manager), standing on Garys doorstep with his arms folded.
I dont know. Florida? Floridas usually sunny, said Gary, as he stared at the strange man on his doorstep. Any more strangely ambiguous questions?
I dont have the patience today, guy, so spare me the Vaudeville routine. Where is she? Shes got a show to do tonight and Ive got to get her on a plane.
Who?
Sunny Morrison. She left this address in her note. Said this is where she was headed. Dont act like you dont know.
I dont know, Gary said, and then winked twice.
Lenny wasnt sure what to make of it. He studied Gary before asking, You dont know who Sunny Morrison is?
Sure, I know who she is. Shes the girl who dances like this. Gary started gyrating and sticking his tongue out and bending over. And she sings like this. Oooh! Oooh! My gong gongs! I feel so wrong wrong! Touch em! Go ahead and touch em. Anybody who wants to touch em. Bums or Gypsies or IRS agents, go ahead and touch em.
Okay, pal. You can stop.
Shes a four alarm fire, that hot little number. Love her music. I know all of the lyrics.
I dont think those are quite the lyrics to The Gong Gong Song.
Pretty sure they are, argued Gary.
Well, I think that Id know because I wrote half of the song.
You asked people to touch your gong gongs?
I asked them to touch Sunnys gong gongs  nothats not what I mean--I wrote it, but I didnt mean it. Lennys jaw started clicking and his arm shook. He reached into his pocket and pulled a bottle out, opened it, and dumped a pile of pills on his tongue, several tumbling over the sides of his mouth and bouncing off his shoes. They rolled off the porch into the rose garden while Gary watched them. Lenny squeezed the cap back on the pill bottle and stuffed it back in his pocket. Listen! Do you have Sunny in here or not?
No. I already answered you. Gary told him, and winked twice.
Are you being smart with me?
Not at all, responded Gary, and winked twice again.
Have you done something to Sunny?
No. Wink. Wink. Gary nodded politely and smiled.
Lennys jaw clicked. He reached up and steadied it and his arm shook.
Whoa! That doesnt look good. You really should get that checked out. said Gary, pointing to Lennys arm. He winked twice again.
Youre over the line, pal. Im sick. Ive got a condition.
Sorry to hear it. Gary winked.
If I have to come back here with the police-
Yeah. Come back with the police. Im sure the cops here will do everything they can to help you. Gary winked again.
Ass, muttered Lenny, as he walked off Garys porch.
Some people, Gary said, after shutting the door.
*
Chapter 39
INSUBORDINATE PONIES
Roger sat on a park bench and watched a humming bird flit from branch to branch of a nearby bush while he waited for Emma. She had a habit of walking through the park every day around the same time. Roger decided to surprise her. He had a blanket folded up beside him, a picnic basket filled with chicken, and a bottle of wine he had carefully picked out. It was the perfect day to just spread out a blanket and eat on the grass. The humming bird darted off as a shadow passed over it. The shadow remained on Roger. He squinted his eyes and shielded them with his hand as he looked up at the silhouette eclipsing the sun.
Emma? he smiled.
My little tracky thing told me that youd be here, said Sunny. She had a white formfitting jumpsuit on with a belt that had a little alien head for a buckle. She also had an alien theme purse which was shaped like an alien head that hung from a long strap on her shoulder. Roger couldnt imagine Bloom was going to be happy with her when he saw her. The little phone Bloom gave us is totally awesome.
Sunny, what are you doing here? Were not supposed to be seen together. You could blow my cover, said Roger, impatiently.
Bloom says that after a little more training I might get to go on some missions with you. Wont that be great? Well beat down aliens, like that disgusting fly thing that was groping me. Ill write songs about us. She pointed her phone at him, pushing a few buttons, and ran it over his body.
Stop that! he said, pushing her phone down. Sunny, youve got to get out of here. Im meeting my girlfriend here. Well, she doesnt know that Im going to meet her here because Im gonna surprise her but-
She doesnt know that you follow her? Sounds like somebody might be a stalker, Sunny said, sitting down on the bench and sliding up close to Roger. Thats fine by me. You know I like the weird stuff. Maybe I could stalk her with you.
Sunny, please just go! I dont want to be seen with you. I like you but we cant do this.
You dont act like you like me.She leaned her cheek toward him. Give me a little peck on the cheek the way friends do.
Im not kissing you, Sunny! Now, leave! I mean it! He pushed her away.
Oooh! A rough boy! I like rough boys. She started grabbing at him while he held his hands out and tried to fend her off. Please, Sunny. He pushed her harder. I mean it! Leave me alone!
Relax, spaz. Nobody has to see us. Just use the little umbrella scrambler Bloom gave you if youre so uptight.
Im not being uptight, Sunny, said Roger, getting up from the bench. There are rules we have to follow. This is dangerous. He pulled his sunglasses from his pocket and put them on. He leaned in close to her. This is really serious business, Sunny. This isnt the pop music business.
Sunnys grin disappeared. Dont you get snarky with me! she said, pushing him. I was just being friendly. You remind me of one of my backup dancers on the Be My Pony Tour who was always complaining and talking back. Every night of the show hed insist that he didnt want to be a pony anymore. He wanted a new part.
He had to be a pony?
Figure it out, Einstein. He had to act like a pony. She shoved Roger off the bench. When he started to get up she mounted his back. She slid the purse from her shoulder and wrapped it around his neck like reins. This help you understand? She pulled up sharply, causing him to choke. Whenever he tried to get up she yanked a little harder on the strap until he returned to all fours. Giddy up! She yanked on the reigns but he refused to be ridden. You want me to sing the title single from that CD? Its called: Youre My Pony.
Get off me, Sunny, Roger managed to choke out.
She yanked up hard on the reigns, causing Roger to choke. Giddy up, pony. Start trotting. Youve been rude to me since I met you! She pulled her feet up and kicked them into his ribs, knocking the air out of him. It took him a minute to catch his breath.
Sunny, I dont want to hurt you. Please get off me. I mean it!
You? Hurt me? You couldnt hurt anybody. She yanked on the purse strap again. Dont you ever act like youre better than me again, Roger, or youll be sorry! You got that?
Roger? said Emma, walking up slowly, a little shocked.
Emma? said Roger, with alarm, from his position as a pony.
Sunny reached to shake Emmas hand. Sunny Morrison, nice to meet you. Emma didnt take her hand.
I know who you are. Im familiar with your music. She raised her eyebrow. The Lick Me Song.
Sunny somehow misread Emmas opinion of her, mistaking her for a potential fan, and suddenly performed part of the song.
Right. She cleared her throat. Lick me, kick me, choke me, thrill me.
Spank me, punch me, burn me, kill me. But love me, baby, and itll be alright.
Sunny flipped her hair proudly.
Emma, I was waiting for you, Roger choked out from under Sunny, before trying to buck her free, again. She tightened up on the straps. Sunny, please. Enough.
Im just playing with you, she protested, while she dismounted. Youre such a square.
Roger jumped up and brushed himself off.
What are you doing with Sunny Morrison, Roger? Emma asked.
You know who Sunny Morrison is?
Of course I know who Sunny Morrison is!
ShesSunnysShes working with us at Pizza Star. Shes my coworker right now.
It was actually almost true. Sunny was advertising for Pizza Star. She shot a commercial for Bud and dropped it at corporate for him to look over. It featured Sunny in a red vinyl suit jumping around with a crew of background singers while she sang through a bullhorn: Eat me! Eat me! I want you to eat me! When Bud called her to tell her he couldnt air the commercial she blew up. Im all dressed in red because Im a pepperoni, Bud! Thats why Im saying eat me! That shouldve been obvious!
I knew you were too good to be true, Roger. Nice guys just dont exist anymore. Emma turned and marched off, with tears in her eyes.
Let her go. If she cant put up with a couple of people fooling around she isnt worth it, said Sunny, her arms folded, watching Emma walk away.
You know what, Sunny? Roger started to say something but then decided against it. You wouldnt understand.
For days, Roger called Emma but she wouldnt answer her phone. He decided to give her time to cool off, even though it was killing him to be apart from her.
*
Chapter 40
A VISIT, HOW NICE?
There was a knock on the door and Emma opened it.
Miss Emma Peele?
She stared at the two men on her doorstep. They were both pale in complexion, with dark hair, sunglasses, matching overcoats, and dressed this way on a warm humid overcast day.
What do you want with Emma? she asked, nervously.
You are not Emma Peele?
No. Shes my roommate. Is she in some kind of trouble?
We would really like to speak to Miss Peele.
She might be in the back bedroom. You wait here and Ill go take a look for her.
Emma closed the door and hurried through the house. When she passed through the dining room, she turned, ran at the window, and dove, sending shards of glass every direction into the yard. She curled in the air so that she would hit the ground with her shoulder tucked and roll into a running position. There were other men in trench coats waiting for her outside. They fell in line behind her, giving pursuit. A total of six she counted over her shoulder as she rounded the other side of her house and sprinted back toward the street where her convertible was parked. She pulled her keys from her pocket as she ran. The six men were gaining ground. She ran toward the back of her car, measuring the distance mentally. She would leap over the back of the car, land in the drivers seat and be half way down the road before they could reach her. She planted her foot to leap just as another man in a trench coat sat up from her back seat. Trench coat number 7, she corrected her count, just as he fired a projectile at her that opened into an energy net surrounding her. Her momentum disappeared as she sunk into the net and dropped to the ground, where she lost consciousness.
*
Chapter 41
SPHINCTER FISH
Roger stopped at Globe Quick Shop and picked up a bouquet of flowers and a box of candy for Emma. She still hadnt returned any of his phone calls so he figured he would stop by her place and see if she would talk to him in person. He wasnt sure how to explain what shed seen. He couldnt say much about Sunny, and Sunny riding him in the park like a horse mustve looked pretty awful. If she still wasnt answering his calls she was still really angry, but he just couldnt stand it anymore. He had to see her. He left the store and rounded the corner where he had parked his scooter in a dimly lit parking lot. With the box of candy under his arm and the flowers in hand he headed for his ride.
Sphincter Fish! A figure stepped out of a shadow, followed by two others. It was Jacky Morehouse who said it, a guy that Roger hadnt seen since he was a freshman in high school and would have preferred it stayed that way. Jacky wasnt your typical high school bully. He was never a jock like they often are, even though he was bigger than most of the football players in Rogers old school. Jacky had strange frizzy hair that enveloped his enormous head like a brownish orange cloud, looking as though it could just float off of his head at any time. He wore really thick lenses in industrial strength frames and spoke with an odd lisp out the side of his mouth, half of his face permanently disabled from birth. And yet, with all of his physical drawbacks, he had always been popular in school, even with the girls. He was the president of the drama club back in school and made certain he got the majority of lead roles in the school plays, even in a play about the Civil War in which the lead part was that of Harriet Tubman. Jacky threatened the principal with sexism and racism when he suggested the part be played by the appropriate gender. He didnt dare mention that Harriet Tubman was black, fearing that it might bring about his termination. Jacky played the system well. He eventually won the debate and a horrified audience watched the big maniac with the deep voice and the odd lisp play Harriets part in drag. Kids in school that Jacky picked on called him Whacky Jacky behind his back, saying that the thing that made Jacky the scariest was that he didnt seem sane. Whacky Jacky might do anything to you.
Look at this, guys. Sphincter Fish lives. Jacky said to two men who flanked him. Look at him, flopping about in front of us. Poor little fish doesnt know where his pond went, he said it like Roger couldnt hear him.
The other two men were around the same age as Roger and Jacky. Roger recognized one of them as a former classmate named Leo, who barely spoke, and smiled almost all of the time. But it wasnt a pleasant smile. The other man was tall with a crew cut and a prominent Adams apple which moved up and down like a faulty elevator, while he sized Roger up.
You know why we called this guy Sphincter Fish, Cutter? Jacky asked the man that Roger didnt recognize.
Naw, the man answered, snapping the gum in his mouth.
I dropped a fish into his pants during biology and it swam right up his butt. Can you believe it? After that he was always Sphincter Fish, said Jacky, turning his head sideways and staring at Roger. What do you think we should do to him?
Hi, Jacky. Its been a long time since high school, said Roger.
It speaks. This fish speaks, he said, looking to his cronies. Do you still remember the fish swimming up your butt, Sphincter Fish?
That didnt actually happen, Jacky. You dropped one of the dead fish we were dissecting in biology class into the back of my pants. A few kids laughed and I took the fish out and threw it into the biohazard bag. That was about the whole of it. And then of course you called me Sphincter Fish for the rest of the year. Thanks for that, by the way.
You calling me a liar, Sphincter Fish? asked Jacky, moving forward, menacingly.
Roger had been trained in the art of diplomacy for the last six years but Jacky held a special place in Rogers memory and it was going to be difficult to let it go. He had also been trained in every fighting style known to man and several that werent for the past six years. He knew what the right thing to do was. Olgas voice echoed in his mind. Always avoid physical conflict until it becomes impossible to avert. Violence is the last answer.
Im not calling you a liar, Jacky. Its been a long time. Sometimes its hard to remember what happened a long time ago. Lets just forget about it.
Youre calling me a liar and I wont have it. Certainly not from a strange fish like you, said Jacky, his eyes blinking slowly from behind the magnifying lenses.
Sorry, Jacky. You dont have any choice. Im going to leave and youre going to go back to whatever you were doing out here in the shadows before I interrupted you. I dont have any hard feelings. I suggest you accept that gracefully. Roger was growing tired of always putting up with people like Jacky. He attempted to walk past them but they cut him off.
Jacky snatched the flowers out of Rogers hand and then the candy out from under his arm.
Fine, Jacky. If the flowers and candy make you happy then go ahead and keep them. I dont care. Have a nice life. Again, he attempted to step around Jacky but he was cut off. Jacky dropped the flowers on the ground. Then he opened the box of chocolates and poured them over the flowers, crushing the entire mess under his foot.
Im afraid I dropped your flowers, Sphincter Fish. I apologize.
Roger sighed and looked up at Jacky. Im having a really bad day and Im doing the best I can not to hurt you and your friends.
Jacky smiled. Trying not to hurt us? That statement was so outrageously bizarre that for a second, I almost liked you, Sphincter Fish. You were suddenly all bold and tough, like Clint Eastwood in A Fistful of Dollars. Wasnt that manly, boys? he asked the other two.
Manly, said Cutter, nodding. Leo just watched on with a smile, but he was shifting his weight from one foot to the other as if he was getting ready to move.
Okay, Jacky, said Roger stepping back.You want to dance, well dance!
Well, actually, I didnt want to dance. I was planning on hurting you. Just as these other gentlemen were planning to do. This fellow here, Jacky said, pointing to Cutter. He carries a straight edge on him all the time and his name is Cutter. Put two and two together and see what you come up with, Sphincter Fish. Ill bet the answer has nothing to do with dancing.
So, were going to fight. Fine, Jacky. How would you like it? Wu Shu, Kempo, Shuai Chiao? he said, switching stances with each discipline of fighting. Jodo, Judo, Jujitso? Hwarang-do? Wing Chung?
How about with our knives? We brought them for a reason. Itd be a shame to let them just sit in our pockets, Jacky said, pulling a switchblade from his jacket. Leo pulled a lock blade and opened it. Suddenly there was the straight edge in Cutters hand.
Roger moved back, creating space, and smiled.
I could kick and punch the knives out of your hands and then knock you guys out and stack you like fire wood, but not tonight. Ive got something special for you tonight, he said, reaching into his jacket and flipping his umbrella on. The three men jerked back reflexively as if he was about to pull a gun, but then his hand came back empty. Ive been waiting to get a chance to do this for so long. I cant say that youre going to like it, said Roger. I know that Olga wouldnt blame me this time.
The weird confidence that Roger was exhibiting was making the three men nervous.
Im not going to leave you permanently maimed but youre never going to forget this lesson. This is a very special style of fighting, said Roger getting into a strange squatting position. He moved up and down, stretching his thighs, and he put his arms behind his back stretching his shoulders.
The three looked to each other nervously.
Specially developed over millions of years by the greatest warriors that ever existed, Roger went on. Its called Touchlight fighting and it affects portions of your brains that control both voluntary and involuntary muscles. He pushed his elbows out to the sides and cracked his neck. Welcome to the strangest night of your lives.
Suddenly Roger was moving in weird patterns, flashing fist and elbows while moving extremely unnaturally, twisting and bobbing, crouching down and springing up, and throwing something that sort of looked like jazz hands at them. Jacky looked over at the other two to see if they were seeing the same thing, that this guy was completely out of his mind, totally crazy. The three men burst out laughing.
Why, Sphincter Fish, I do believe youve lost your mind. I like you much better like this. Suddenly the smile drained from Jackys face. His stomach hurt and he felt disoriented. He wanted to look away from Roger but he couldnt remove his eyes. And when he attempted to move toward Roger to make the strange, unnatural motion stop, his legs felt as if theyd gone to sleep, nothing but pins and needles. He looked to his cohorts and could see they were experiencing the same bizarre pain.What did you do to us, Sphincter Fish?
Next, comes a sense of extreme paranoia coupled with vertigo, said Roger, slicing the air with his hands. The vertigo, that loss of balance youre feeling, its being caused by the signals your brain is sending your cerebellum. Roger pumped his elbows like wings and then reached out and touched imaginary targets in front of him. Then all of your muscles are going to cramp, as if youre suffering the effects of Black Widow spider venom. The men started contorting and sweating. Roger squatted up and down and reached up like he was milking a cow. Then he threw a series of punches. And then your bladder is going to let loose and youll wet yourself. Your brain stem is getting all messed up trying to figure out what involuntary functions its needs to keep running. It gives up your bladder. The fronts of their pants stained dark and Roger remembered the day he learned the technique from Olga, how she had laid all the towels in the area where he would be standing, but wouldnt explain why. The human brain isnt equipped to handle movement so out of synch with whats normal. This experience is cousin to the horrible feeling you get when you watch a terribly uncoordinated person dance, like when you first saw one of your aunts jitterbugging at a wedding when you were just a kid, horrible, nauseating, and confusing, but multiplied a thousand times. The three men teetered this way, then that way. Now, youre very dizzy and nauseous. Youre about to go to sleep. Youll sleep for a few hours and then wake to the worst hangovers of your lives. Roger moved up and down like he was doing deep knee bends while he rolled his head from side to side and punched invisible targets. But you wont pass out until what happens next. He heard the three men soil their pants. Now, thats embarrassing. He reached toward them, palms up, and jerked an invisible tablecloth out from under them. The three of them dropped over unconscious, with a thud. Roger stared at them while they twitched. Enjoy your walk home, he said, and walked off.
*
Chapter 42
TINY EARTH
So, whats going on? Roger asked, sliding into the booth across from Bloom.
A situation thats been going on for years has escalated.
What did we do?
This time? Nothing. Bloom stirred his coffee. You want a piece of strawberry pie or something? This place makes an amazing strawberry pie.
No thanks.
I might have a piece of pie. Bloom stared past Roger out across the crowd at Rodneys. Tomorrow youll meet the Secretary of Defense. His name is Lance Maynard. A bit uptight, but other than thathes a bit of an idiot. Hell be working with you. Just try to get along with him.
The waitress stopped at the table and refreshed Blooms coffee. He smiled at her.
Can I get a piece of strawberry pie, please, Connie?
You bet, sugar. She set the coffee pot on the table and grabbed the little notebook out of her apron. She scrawled in it. You want that ala mode?
With chocolate rather than vanilla, if you can.
We certainly can. She turned to Roger with her pen ready. He shook his head. She put the notepad back in her apron, grabbed the coffee pot, winked at Bloom, and then disappeared.
Shes a sweet one, he said, looking across the table at Roger.
Roger nodded politely.
You might be in for a real adventure over the next couple of weeks, sport. Ive got a feeling that the people of Tiny Earth are not going to take no for an answer when they ask for a direct meeting with the president.
Tiny Earth?
A small replica of our planet. Came from our planet actually. A technologically advanced group of humans who decided to take a piece of the planet and shrink it down so that they could live separately from the rest of us while still living in our solar system sharing our atmosphere. Most of the time they keep their planet so small we cant even see it. They control the size of it. Microscopic, now, almost always.
Microscopic?
Mmm hmm.
Whats their beef with us?
They developed into extreme conservationists and suddenly they werent just looking at their own back yard. They were peering into ours, thinking about what we were doing to the resources they share with us. They have their list of demands. Theyre threatening that if we dont meet those demands they will eliminate our people.
Can they do it?
Do what? asked the waitress, winking at Bloom, as she stopped at their table and delivered the pie. She slid the plate of flakey crust packed with bright red strawberries in front of Bloom. Leaning up against the slice of pie was a tiny mountain of chocolate ice cream.
Completely obliterate everyone on our planet, destroying all human life, and leaving us washed from the annals of time, Connie, Bloom said, matter-of-factly, his face dead serious.
She stared at him nervously until he grinned.
You are always such a tease, she said grinning back at him. She punched him in the arm. All you do is flirt all day long. Destroy all human life. Where do you get such ideas? She reached into the next booth and grabbed a fresh wrap of silverware and set it beside his plate.
Mmmm, something looks awfully good, Connie, said Bloom, his eyes locked on her.
Youd better be referring to the pie and ice cream, she said, waving her finger at him. Then she smiled, gave him a little bump with her hip, and walked away.
Roger was watching him dig into the pie. The pie or the waitress?
Hmm? he asked, his mouth full of strawberry. He chewed a couple of times and swallowed. Maybe a little bit of both.
You should probably just concentrate on your work, Bloom. Forget women, Said Roger, dejectedly.
Lady problems?
Roger nodded.
Im sorry, sport.
Emma hasnt returned any of my calls in days.
Maybe something really big came up and she just hasnt been able to contact you.
Were closer than that, Bloom. Weve been spending all of our time together when were not working.
I see.
It was Sunny. She was messing around with me when Emma showed up in the park and Emma misunderstood what was going on and got really hurt.
You were messing around with Sunny?
No! I didnt have a choice! She roped me like some kind of prize steer. And then she climbed on to my back and was trying to ride me. Thats right when Emma showed up.
Thats not good.
I just wish that shed forgive me. Let me explain, at least.
Women can be tough to understand.
Ill find her. Ill explain it to her. Thingsll work out. They have to. He turned away from Bloom for a moment so Bloom couldnt see how upset he was. After he composed himself, he asked, You never answered my first question, Bloom.
Huh? Oh, right. Tiny Earth? Can they eradicate us?
Roger nodded.
Not sure yet but I dont think so. Youre going to need to take this little guy just before you go to sleep tonight, Bloom said, producing a small ruby-colored capsule from his pocket and laying it on the table in front of Roger.
Whats that? It looks like a sleeping pill.
SIF pill. Sleep Information Fusion pill. Allows your brain to take in a large amount of information while you sleep. Youll know everything we have on file about Tiny Earth by the time you wake up in the morning.
Roger picked it off the table and moved it between his fingers. Where were these back when I had to take ninth grade history?
Its best to take them as few times as possible. We only use them when we need to get an agent up to speed and were in a bind for time.
What happens if you take them too often?
Schizophrenia. You develop multiple personalities; start seeing folks who arent there, having conversations with yourself.
Youd never be lonely.
There is that. Bloom took another bite of his pie.
Wish I could stop thinking about Emma. Thats going to drive me to multiple personalities.
Bloom gave him a moment. Youre going to need to get your head right, sport.
Ill be alright, said Roger, with a sigh.
Okay, Bloom nodded. Good. He pointed to the pill.Youll need all of that information that pill gives you when you address our new president tomorrow.
Im meeting the president tomorrow.
Yup. You and Maynard will fill him in about the Tiny Earth situationand the whole aliens are a reality situation, too.
Bloom, he doesnt know about any of this?
Not until he meets with you tomorrow.
Hows he going to react?
How did you react when you learned that everything you believed was pretty much a lie?
Not good. I kept thinking that it was all a bad dream. I was physically ill for days.
The president will survive. There might be some temporary hysterics. Hes allowed, just like anybody else.
Where will the representatives for Tiny Earth meet us? The White House?
Nope, said Bloom, putting his fork down and wiping the corner of his mouth with his napkin. They feel like the balls in their court. Theyll insist you meet them on their planet.
Hows that going to work?
Theyll shrink you.
Are you being serious right now?
Afraid so. He finished the last bite of pie and stood up. He grabbed his jacket off the back of the booth. Monday morning. Nine AM. Bring Maynard a pizza. He put his jacket. You need to learn to relax and have a piece of pie once in a while, sport. He tossed a twenty on the table.
Roger nodded and Bloom walked out.
*
Chapter 43
SO, YOURE AGENT 42?
Just as Bloom had said, Roger woke up with a solid understanding of Earths ongoing conflict with Tiny Earth. It came on slowly, like recalling a past memory, except that this information was completely new.
Roger arrived at the White House at a quarter to nine. The security guard looked him over. He grabbed a scanner and ran it across Rogers eyes. Then he pushed a button and the gate opened for him. Roger drove his little red scooter on to the grounds. A Secret Service man was waiting in the lot. He pointed to a place where he wanted Roger to park his scooter. Roger pulled in and set the scooters kick stand. He took the bungees off the warmer on the back of the scooter and grabbed the pizza. The man directed Roger to walk with him. He pushed a button on his wrist and a large security door opened into a service entrance. They entered and walked down the hall briskly.
Pizza for breakfast? asked the Secret Service man. Whos that for?
Secretary Maynard, Roger answered, jogging every few steps to keep pace with the agent.
Survived two tours with Marines just to die at the hands of a greasy pizza, said the man, shaking his head. They turned a corner and stopped at a door. He pulled a note from his pocket and read it. Instructions are that you are to bring it in. He studied Roger. That must be one hell of a pizza.
Yeah. Its good, Roger said nodding. He stood, looking at the man, waiting.
Youd better bring it in. You wouldnt want the mans breakfast to get cold.
Roger nodded and went through the door.
The Secretary of Defense sat behind a desk with his arms folded as Roger walked into his office. Roger stopped in the middle of the room, holding the pizza.
So youre 42? Maynard waited for Rogers answer. He clarified his question when Roger looked confused. The 42nd galactic ambassador?
Umm, yes, sir.
Whats so special about you?
I dont know, sir.
You dont know?
I dont know.
There must be something, right?
Im trained and ready to serve my country, said Roger.
Are you? Do you really think youre ready for this? I dont know if anybody can be ready for this type of work. You must think that youre pretty damn special.
No, sir- I mean, yes, sir. Roger shrugged, not sure what the correct answer was.
Maynard grabbed a folder off his desk and held it up. Give me the pizza. Roger walked over and set the pizza on his desk. He handed Roger the folder. Go out in the hall and read that. Its everything we know about Tiny Earth. There are only twenty pages there so it shouldnt take a smart boy like you all day. When youre done knock on the door before you come back into my office. He opened the box and examined the pizza. I see pepperoni. I dont see sausage.
Ive already been briefed on Tiny Earth and the sausage, its underneath the pepperoni, answered Roger.
Next time make sure that its visible, said Maynard. Get out and study em again.
Roger went into the hall and gave the man time to eat his pizza. When Roger figured he was done, he knocked on Maynards door, waited several seconds, and then went in. Maynard was leaning back in his chair and three quarters of the pizza was gone.
Youre about to meet the president. Does that excite you?
Yes? said Roger.
You bet it does. Maynard rubbed his belly before sliding back from the desk and standing up.
*
Chapter 44
A PROBLEM WITH OUR BORDERS?
The door to the Oval Office was open so Secretary Maynard knocked on the frame. Mr. President?
The president looked up from his desk and suddenly it all seemed surreal to Roger. Meeting the president of the free world so that he could fill him in on the existence of aliens, and the existence of a microscopic descendant of Earth which he had only learned about the night before, and all of his information from a tiny ruby-colored pill. The president stood up and offered his hand, his trademark smile lighting up the room. Roger stood frozen for a moment and the secretary nudged his back, causing him to stumble forward. He reached out and took the presidents hand and shook heartily.
Im Roger Faraday, Mr. President.
I heard you were going to brief me this morning on our alien problem. Something like that. If its about building that big wall Im all for it. A job that big would put a lot of laborers back to work, too. Theres no reason to have the aliens just waltzing into our country like they own the place.
I think you misunderstood, Mr. President, said Maynard. Mr. Faraday is here to brief you on aliens, life forms from other planets.
President Pierce stared at Secretary Maynard for a moment. Then his face lit with a smile.
Ah, aliens. Of course. Please begin, Mr. Faraday.
Perhaps youd like to sit down, Mr. President, Maynard offered.
Sure. Ill have a seat. This should be good. The president walked around his desk and took a seat. He crossed his leg over his knee and clasped his hand on top. Please, let the show begin.
Roger looked to Maynard but Maynard just instructed him to move it along.
Earth, through various governments, has been interacting with some of its cosmic neighbors for over seventy years now. The average Joe Lunchpale, of course, is unaware of this and so the subject must be handled delicately and covertly. Over the last couple decades we have had an ongoing squabble with a planet which was once a part of our Earth. A few thousand Americans took a portion of Earth, created their own planet, shrunk themselves down and populated the new planet, and set it into orbit, forming their independence, long ago in our past. That relationship has always been strained but has now reached a dangerous point. The king of Tiny Earth has threatened war with us unless we meet with some of his demands. I believe that you received a message to this effect this morning. Pressed into the surface of your desk?
And here I suspected the work of a random vandal loose in the White House, said the president, with a grin.
Roger nodded and took a breath.
Go on, Mr. Faraday. Secretary of Defense Maynard produced a cigar from his breast pocket and held it out. Do you mind, Mr. President? Theyre kind of like a security blanket for me in times of stress.
Under the circumstances I think we can overlook it. Go ahead, said the president, with a slight hint of a smile which he was now struggling to conceal. He didnt want to spoil the fun his staff was entitled to while hazing him his first day in office. Maynard was a leftover from the departing administration who the new president decided to keep on staff.
Maynard produced his lighter, lit the cigar, and took a couple of puffs while Roger took up where he left off.
The inhabitants of Tiny Earth dont use bullets and bombs. Theyve developed the technology to manipulate some of Earths physical laws, like gravity and radio waves. They also claim they are able to shrink whatever is in our atmosphere, reduce the mass, or compress it- were not real sure about what they mean - although that technology hasnt actually been confirmed. To be clear, we arent really certain how much of a danger they are to our planet but theyve exhibited a significant superiority to our scientific knowledge in the past, using it more as a warning, creating nuisance situations rather than actual harm so far.
Nuisance situations, mmm hmm. The president picked a sweet roll from his desk and rolled it around in his hand while he feigned seriousness. It wouldnt look very presidential not to appear brave and manly. He posed with his shoulders back. I see. He tried not to look obvious as he scanned the office for hidden cameras. He inwardly chastised himself for looking too long and directly at a potted rubber tree that sat along the eastern wall.
Only a couple dozen people in the world, dating back to 1973 when their King first contacted Earth, know of the existence of Tiny Earth, said Roger. Since then, each president, and whoever he felt it was necessary to confide in, have been informed that Tiny Earth has been living under the stars with us, breathing the same oxygen, sharing the same sun we see in our sky.
So they have a king, hmmm, interesting. The president glanced more casually at the rubber tree this time.
The smell of Maynards cigar filled the Oval Office with a combination of vanilla and cherry wood. He was getting frustrated watching the trouble Roger was having getting the new President to believe that the message from Tiny Earth hed found crushed into the mahogany of his desk that morning was real and needed to be taken seriously. The warning from King Donald Johnson of Tiny Earth stated that if Earth did not meet Tiny Earths demands this time they should consider themselves at war with the planet. The King of Tiny Earth, however, hadnt yet bothered to state what those demands were.
Back on Tiny Earth, King Johnson and his top military experts watched the three men in the Oval Office through a visual portal, listening, and waiting for a reaction. Roger had assumed incorrectly that they were under umbrella protection from peering eyes but it wasnt the case. After seeing the new presidents state of doubt, King Johnson realized that an additional warning was needed, a demonstration of Tiny Earths superior technology. The king directed his top general to increase the gravitational pull on the presidents coffee mug. It started to tremble.
*
Chapter 45
THATS SOME TRICK, COWBOY
Roger was about to go on with the briefing when he noticed the presidents mug vibrating. Maynard moved in for a closer look while the president continued to believe the whole briefing was a rather amusing prank.
The mug shook more violently until the area of the desk around the mug started cracking.
Bravo, said the president, and he gave a quick clap. Most impressive.
The mug collapsed through the corner of the desk, and then through the floor, and then through the floor below, and so on, until the mug was out of sight, well below the White House. The president stood up from his chair and peered down the hole with amazement.
The president had loved that coffee mug, even though hed only had it for a day, a gift from the First Lady, Jenny (nicknamed Gentlebird) She presented it to Winston Pierce when he won the election with the phrase HAVE A PRESIDENTIAL DAY inscribed in bold red caps on the glossy exterior. She had been up in the air whether to destroy the mug or give it to her gardener if her husband lost the election. She just hated waste.
The breakfast pastry slipped from the presidents hand and landed on the desk with a squishy PLOP.
How the hell did you just do that, Maynard? That was some trick. The president peered down the hole and then ran his hands above the new opening, searching for invisible wires. He looked over at the rubber tree. Howd you guys do that? He walked over and searched the small tree and then the pot frantically. He turned and looked angrily at Maynard, and then at Roger. Where are the cameras? What the hell is going on?
Im sorry, Mr. President. This is always very difficult for the incoming leader.
Maynard, come on! What the hell? Youre not serious.
Im very sorry, Mr. President, offered Roger.
The president ravaged the room looking for hidden cameras, upturning furniture and knocking paintings from the walls, while Maynard and Roger watched on patiently. I can take a joke as well as the next guy but you people are taking this a little too far. He turned the office upside down looking for evidence that he was the butt of a prank but he found nothing. The Color drained from his face when he realized he wasnt being put on. He took a deep breath, bent forward, and rubbed his stomach. This is real, Faraway?
Faraday, Mr. President. And Im afraid so.
Ive got an ulcer that acts up sometimes, Faraday. Go on with what you were saying. Youve got my full attention now. The president remained bent toward the floor.
Do you need anything, Mr. President? Should I call for someone? asked Maynard.
I need Mr. Faraday to continue, Maynard. Are we in danger as we speak, Mr. Faraday? Are they about to crush us like an ant in one of their tiny hands?
I dont believe it to be the case, interrupted Maynard. And besides, an ant would never fit in one of their hands. An ant is much bigger than their entire planet.
The exiting president was a Republican and had decided to go against the tradition of informing the new leader of the free world about Earths ongoing struggle with their microscopic nemesis. He told the Secretary of Defense that it would be his business to handle filling in the new president this time, so the Secretary had contacted Bloom, requesting he send one of Americas black agents to do the honors.
The president straightened up. Let us be clear. Everything that youve been describing, about a teeny angry planet, is real?
Roger nodded.
Damn that Holcomb to the deepest ring of hell! He never said a word about a technologically advanced tiny planet threatening us with war! He just waltzed right out of here and went on his merry way! Thats why the two parties need to work together! Because of situations like this!
I understand your anger, Mr. President, said Maynard.
I wouldve told him about Tiny Earth. That would only have been the sporting thing to do, ranted the president.
Perhaps, offered Maynard.
Perhaps? The president picked up the sweet roll hed dropped and slammed it into the waste basket. THUNK! What can you expect from a Republican? He paced the room.
Roger waited quietly for another outbreak but sacrificing the apple fritter seemed to quell the presidents anger at former President Holcomb for the moment.
Should I continue? Roger asked.
The president waved him on.
You see, Mr. President, Tiny Earth is-
That son of a bitch! the president erupted as he circled the room. He took another deep breath. Okay, go ahead, Faraway.
Ill continue, Mr. President, Roger said, nervously.
I said to continue!
Yes, sir. Roger took a deep breath. Tiny Earth is nearly identical to our planet and revolves in the same orbit as ours, often right in our atmosphere. It was about the size of a full grown elephant when Americans first got a view of the planet. It was actually a stroke of luck that an amateur star gazer spotted the little planet first and reported its existence to our government. Our people tracked it for years until one day it seemed to vanish. The inhabitants of Tiny Earth had actually resized their planet so that it was on scale so small that it would require a microscope for anyone from Earth to view the planet. Our experts didnt even know the planet existed anymore until their king made contact with Earth. Now their planet is located somewhere in our atmosphere again, sharing our sun, our oxygen, our water, but so far our people have had limited success locating their location. Pardon me if I seem like Im repeating myself but Im doing my best not to leave anything out or anything you mightve missed, now that your attention is no longer divided. Their planet is microscopic, and as I stated, they have a king, the man that crushed the message into your desk this morning, King Donald Johnson. He occasionally gets a bit unreasonable and threatens to destroy all of us and rid this planet of its infestation. And, again, as Ive already indicated, the unfortunate fact of the matter is that were not really sure whether he could do it or not. Our engineers developed a tracking system which could identify their planets location down to a five mile radius. Our military employed the new technology last year when President Holcomb received a similar threat to the one you received this morning.
And?
And it failed, Mr. President, said Roger, shrugging his shoulders.
Is that what happened, Maynard! Details! Give me details! You were working for Holcombe!
Yes, sir, Mr. President. When our men crept into their location the people of Tiny Earth used their gravity control technology to raise all of the soldiers several inches above the ground so that their feet just swam in place and they got nowhere. All of those rows of men, their rifles in arms, their legs churning away helplessly. It was a pathetic sight. After we agreed to leave, they moved the location of their planet out of the area and let our soldiers down to the ground again. The morale of the men was severely diminished. You shouldve seen how dejected those soldiers were. I get so angry even thinking about it. Im telling you, Mr. President, sometimes I think that if I could just get Tiny Earth under the edge of my heel for one second Id-
Okay, okay, Mr. Secretary. Lets try to maintain some decorum. Dont say anything that you may come to regret. Thats something Ive learned over the years in politics. The president paced his office. Suddenly a pencil on his desk started to give off cracking noises.
All three men froze and turned their attention to the desk. The president moved closer and crouched down to watch.
Perhaps you should exercise more caution than that, Mr. President, offered Maynard.
The pen alongside the pencil trembled also.
What on Earth could they want with my pen and pencil? said the president, watching closely.
Ink seeped from the ballpoint, staining the mahogany, and there was a loud CRACK as the pencil parted down the middle like the Red Sea, revealing the graphite interior.
Oh come on! I just got the place and theyre trashing it! Come on! Whats the point of that? That was just rude! he yelled at the ceiling. Can the king from Tiny Earth hear me right now?
We dont believe so. But once again, Mr. President, were not certain, said Maynard.
Im fairly certain they can hear you right now, Mr. President. Many of the other civilizations contain the technology to do so, said Roger, diffidently. And by whats going on here Im guessing that you didnt employ umbrella technology for this meeting.
Umbrella what? Roger started to explain but the president cut him off. Never mind! I dont want to know! This is all coming so fast! I dont care if the people of Tiny Earth do hear. Weve got to find their location! Were not going to deal with Tiny Earth from our knees! The United States of America does not play that way! What about using our nuclear weapons?
We tried that too, Mr. President, said Maynard. We were desperate after we saw how easily they rendered our soldiers useless with their antigravity technology so President Holcomb and I devised a more permanent way of dealing with King Johnsons threats. After we were able to get a lock on their general location again, which happened to be somewhere in Orange County at the time, we sent a Stealth Bomber armed with a nuclear warhead into the airspace above them and dropped the bomb.
With all of those taxpaying voters in harms way?
They wouldve died a patriots death, Mr. President, insisted Maynard. Roger struggled to hide his dismay.
Still, it seems a bit much.
What else could President Holcomb have done?
A bit ruthless but, okay, I see your point, Maynard. Youre saying hed already exhausted all of his other options.
Precisely, said Maynard, while Roger shook his head.
And did it work at all? asked the president.
No. They used their gravity technology to lock on to the bomb and pull it away from Earth, sending it somewhere into space.
That was pretty reckless of them. Who knows where that bomb went? Pierce continued to pace the office. Also a complete waste of a perfectly good bomb. If theyre so smart why didnt they just disarm it?
I dont know, Mr. President. Perhaps they didnt want us to have it again, offered Maynard.
But disarming it and giving it back mightve been perceived as a friendly gesture. Something that can never be overlooked when negotiating war. What do you think, Faraway?
Faraday, corrected Maynard.
Let him speak for himself, Mr. Secretary. Speak up, Faraday.
Perhaps giving us our nuclear warheads back wouldve inspired a friendly starting point, offered Roger, doing his best not to offend.
I think you and your so-called experts may have overestimated the intelligence of these tiny beings, Maynard.
Perhaps, Mr. President.
Did you try to drop another bomb?
Yes, and it was met with the same fate, redirected somewhere into our Milky Way. Two perfectly good bombs, as you stated, completely wasted. There was no use wasting any more.
Right. Those bombs are expensive. Im aware of that. And the American people are always whining about the budget and the national debt. Its all that ever seems to come out of their mouths. The president made a whiny voice. How much did that cost? And what about that, and that? He threw his hands up. Ive just gotten into office and Im already sick of hearing it. He noticed the way Roger was looking at him. You can get pretty sick of regular people, Faraway. Dont you dare judge me.
I certainly wasnt, Mr. President, said Roger.
The American people do have a tendency to whine, Mr. President, agreed Maynard.
The president fingered the cleft in his chin and thought hard. Were going to need to bring more people in on this, form a committee. Hell, after all is said and done, if we cant kill them maybe well just have to figure out a way to get along with Tiny Earth. Coexist. I dont know. I just dont know.
I think coexisting is our best option, Mr. President, Roger offered.
I dont know about that, Mr. President, said Maynard. These hippy kids nowadays.
At this point we really need to explore all options, said the president. Why dont you attempt to open up negotiations with them? Set up an interplanetary summit.
I understand theyve already demanded a meeting, said Roger.
Alright. Tell them Im inviting them to Camp David. Well have some drinks, ride some horses, sort this whole thing out.
We usually just wait for King Johnson to contact us. Its not that easy to send a message to them, said Maynard. Satellites and the weather are involved. We need to wait for our window. I dont think youre getting a clear picture of just how small Tiny Earth is, Mr. President. Tiny Earth is very, very small. Maynard held out his thumb and index finger and slowly closed them together until they were so close the distance between them was nearly imperceptible. So very, very tiny, Mr. President. Even smaller than this distance between my fingers. Not very easy to find at all.
I understand that the planets very small, Mr. Secretary. But you do have the tracking machine.
Can you imagine how big this cigar would seem to them? the secretary said, holding out his cigar.
I get it. I imagine the cigar would seem quite large, Mr. Secretary.
Itd probably be bigger than the sun to them, said Maynard, examining his cigar.
I beg your pardon.
Relatively speaking he means, Mr. President. The cigar would be bigger to them than the sun is to us, explained Roger.
The secretary chomped on the cigar and sucked in, creating a glowing facsimile of a sun at its tip. Can you imagine how big our sun must seem to them?
Relatively speaking again? The president asked, looking over at Roger.
No, Mr. President. I think he means literally, this time.
Well, yes. I imagine our sun seems very, very, very large to the inhabitants of Tiny Earth, said the president.
Suddenly the phone rang, causing the three of them to jump. They stood frozen, wondering what to do.
*
Chapter 46
DEAD MICE AND FRENCH BERETS TO ROUND UP
Were you expecting any phone calls, Mr. President? Roger asked.
No, the president answered, shaking his head, gravely. I specifically told Ellen to hold all calls during this meeting.
Youd better let me handle this, Mr. President, said Maynard, approaching the phone cautiously.
Maybe thats not the best idea, Roger said, but Maynard wouldnt listen.
Maynard lifted the receiver and held it to his ear. For a moment there was only silence, but suddenly, an ear-splitting horrible noise. BLAAAAAAGERRRRRAAAAA! Secretary Maynard pulled the phone away from his head and slammed it down on its crib.
Son of a bitch, thats painful! Maynard said, rubbing his ear. That was them manipulating our radio waves so they could send you another warning.
Behind the men a painting of George Washington fell to the floor with a crash, the carpeting parted, and the priceless art piece sunk out of sight.
As we can see, King Johnson can be tremendously rude, Roger said. And disrespectful, as he watched the top of Washingtons head disappear below the line of cobalt blue.
If only General Washington was here now, said Maynard, rubbing his ear. Thered be some tiny ass kicking coming their way.
Where does this assault on my office end, Maynard? When are they going to stop breaking everything? asked the president.
This isnt the same as our previous contact with them. Theyre being particularly aggressive this time, Mr. President. I need to let you know that the last time they contacted President Holcomb they indicated they wanted to shrink him down and bring him to their planet so he could address their demands. Now, that would be your job, Mr. President, to go down to their planet and meet them. They wont meet on our planet.
So Holcomb just ignored their request?
He did. With a lot of stalling and filibustering whenever King Johnson spoke to him. He managed to put them off until you took office, answered Maynard.
Holcomb! the president yelled, throwing his hands up. That son of a bitch! Then the president thought for a moment. Perhaps I can stall too?
For four years, Mr. President? asked Roger. You just took office.
How long did Holcomb stall meeting with them, Maynard?
Two years. But General Peck informed me that in their last message they stated their patience is up and they expect our leader to come down to their planet before the weeks out or else.
Or else? Pretty big words for a tiny planet. They dont think I can be as tough as Holcomb?
Perhaps your emphasis on social programs has led them to believe that youre a weak leader, one to be taken advantage of and pushed around, offered Roger. The president glared at him. I dont think that. Im in favor of social programs. Im just trying to help you see things from their perspective.
What the hell, Faraway? The president put his hands on his hips and looked at Maynard. Do you think Im soft, Maynard?
I dont believe that at all, Mr. President.
Well see whos soft.
What do you plan to do? asked Roger.
Lets get a committee together. More brains in the room. A committee of small men, but with large constitutions. A small man brainstorm. I need a tiny persons perspective. Small people to solve a large problem. An entire room full of little people with small minds. Why does Tiny Earth feel that they need to harass us? I want to understand further what Im up against before I negotiate or find a way to destroy them. I need to get into their tiny brains. Dont include a single man in this committee over five foot seven, Maynard. I need a small minded government committee. Little people with small brains. The best the government can provide. If its a woman on the committee, I want her under five feet  no  under four feet. Do you understand, Mr. Secretary?
That would technically make the women midgets, Roger pointed out.
No women, then? the president asked.
No, Mr. President, disagreed Maynard. You need women on the panel. When prompted women are much better at inflicting punishment than men.
Right, agreed the president. Then women midgets will be just fine. And already angry, if possible.
Ill find angry midget women and a panel of experts that are all as short as you requested, Mr. President.
Good, Maynard. Were getting on top of this.
Im considering bringing Tom Cruise in on this, Roger. I think he might be able to help. What do you think?
I know its not necessary to point out to you, Mr. President, that Mr. Cruise is only an actor and that hes never really solved an actual world crisis, said Roger.
Yes, added Maynard. Hes just an actor, Mr. President. Hes never seen real action in a war.
Then why did you say it, Faraday? You think I dont know that, Maynard? The president shook his head and took a breath, doing his best to calm down. The pressure of leading the free world is already getting to me. Somehow I figured Id get in a few friendly golf matches with foreign leaders and celebrities before I had to deal with anything so serious. Hell, I wouldve never imagined the American president had this kind of pressure. Takes all the fun out of the job. Im sorry if Im taking this out on you boys. The president threw his hands up. Ive just got a gut feeling about bringing Cruise in on this, okay? Besides, hes only five foot seven. He fits the initial criteria.
He may not agree to help us, explained Maynard.
Like hed really have a choice, Roger thought to himself but kept his mouth shut.
Let me worry about Cruise. You two had better get started. The president waved them away angrily and walked to the window, looking out at what had started out a beautiful day but was quickly becoming overcast.
Roger started to leave but Maynard shook his head.
You two are still here, arent you, Mr. Secretary? said the president, without turning around.
Yes, Mr. President.
What?
Youll also need to contact DC CARPET and DRAPES, Mr. President.
The president turned to face Maynard, shaking his head. Do whatever you need to tidy the place up, Mr. Secretary, but please dont bother me with the details. I doubt that bastard Holcomb dealt with keeping this place clean.
No, Mr. President. DC CARPET AND DRAPES is the most sophisticated and secretive branch of the government. Blacker than black. Their identities are so secure that the agents sometimes forget they are agents and begin to believe they clean carpets and drapes for a living, which is really what they do about ninety percent of the time. It creates an amazing cover.
The agents actually do clean carpeting? asked Roger. Thats not some type of code youre talking right now, like cleaning the carpeting means replacing an existing regime we find unfriendly?
No, said the secretary. They do a hell of a good job cleaning  even the shag during the Nixon term.
Fascinating, said Roger.
Well, get them to the White House and get them up to speed, Mr. Secretary, said the president.
Ill contact DC CARPET AND DRAPES and tell them to come. Informing them of anything is pointless. They acquire all of the critical details well before anyone else.
Perhaps I should call them, personally?asked the president.
You dont call them on a phone, Mr. President. We post a signal, letting them know their presence is requested.
You cant mean like signaling Batman with the bat signal? asked Roger.
No. Theirs is an ever-changing code that appears to fit no rhyme or reason, indecipherable.
What is the signal this time? asked the president.
We need to decorate a tree in Cleveland thats as close to a Pizza Star as possible with Christmas tinsel, homemade pipe bombs, a portrait of George Clooney, and dozens of dead mice, then call the local news media to make certain that it makes the evening report, so that bomb experts get down there right away, keeping curious Cals in Cleveland from getting their ear muffs blown off. And then, we need to hold a press conference where we identify the bio-explosive materials in the tree as being the work of terrorists. And then we blame it on the French.
None of what you just said is some bizarre form of agent code?asked Roger.
No, its all literal.
Then I guess you two have got some dead mice and French berets to round up. Youd better get to it.
The Secretary and Roger headed for the door.
Faraday?
Yes, Mr. President, said Roger. He turned around to face his new boss.
One more question.
Yes.
Are there many others?
Im afraid so, Mr. President.
Whats many, Faraday? Dozens? the president inquired further.
An infinite number, Mr. President. But were only dealing with an imminent threat from Tiny Earth right now. Perhaps we could address learning about the other alien cultures at a more opportune time.
The president nodded, and rubbed his stomach.
Maynard and Roger turned and walked out of the Oval Office. Just after the door closed, three bismarks on the tray suddenly flattened like shrinking balloons, jelly dribbling out on to the desk.
*
Chapter 47
WHERES MY A PEP TALK?
So, howd it go? asked Bloom, reaching into his pocket and switching on his umbrella. He grabbed his pitch fork and went back to pitching hay. Roger grabbed another fork from Blooms truck and joined him. Bloom stopped. What are you doing? Pizza delivery guys dont pitch hay. That would look silly to anyone that noticed us. You work with food. It wouldnt be sterile.
Roger shrugged and stuck the fork in the ground and leaned against Blooms truck.
They didnt use an umbrella at the White House, said Roger.
They cant. It would disrupt all the electrical signals. Theyd never see a missile coming or other acts of aggression. Bloom stopped pitching hay and straightened up. He wiped sweat from his brow with the back of his hand. How much of a game plan was discussed their?
Plenty, said Roger, picking a piece of straw from the bed of Blooms truck and putting it between his teeth.
Maynard shouldve known better. Shouldnt have let that happen. He shouldve moved you to a place where you couldve spoken in privacy.
The presidents moving forward with this. Hes agreed to meet the King of Tiny Earth on his planet.
Alone? asked Bloom.
No. He said hes going to take some of us with him.
Youre going with him?
Yeah.
Good. Dont bother altering your appearance for this mission.
Why?
We got word from one of our contacts that your cover has been blown.
How?
Probably the result of that unprotected briefing with the president. Bloom shook his head and sighed. Maynard. He pulled a pack of gum from his pocket and pulled two pieces from the pack. He tossed one to Roger and put the other in his mouth.Youre going to need to be careful from now on. Keep one eye on the sky. Bloom took his handkerchief out and wiped his neck. When are you leaving? he asked, before putting the handkerchief away and resuming his work with the fork.
Day after tomorrow. First hes going to meet with a committee made up of small people so that he can better understand how small people think.
Interesting approach. Bloom stopped and speared his fork in the ground. Hand me some of that seed, he told Roger, pointing to a bag in the back of the truck. Does he understand that the people hes going to deal with will likely be microscopic?
We explained that to him, Roger said, handing Bloom the bag.
Bloom reached into the bag and tossed a couple of handfuls of seed out across the field. Politicians, said Bloom, shaking his head. Im getting so tired of all of the games. Sneaking around the publics back. Personally, and this is off the record, I think the people have a right to know. He tossed the bag of seed back into the truck. When-if we get accepted into the AHC, all of the cloak and dagger stuff will have to end. Aliens will come to Earth like old people flock to Florida. He grabbed the fork and started pitching hay again.
Then what will we do?
You mean us? Us agents?
Yeah.
Retire. Have a few drinks on Saturn. Go skiing on the pink mountains of Roolah.
Roolah?
You arent familiar with Roolah, yet. Hopefully you will be someday.
Bloom, I need to ask you something.
Bloom straightened up and wiped his forehead. Go ahead, sport.
Whats going on? Why are you laying back in the shadows on this one when its so important?
I cant hold your hand forever, kid?
Yeah, but when it comes to the survival of Earth?
No better fire to test your mettle than a really hot one, said Bloom, grabbing his fork again and pitching hay. Good luck. Ill be in touch.
Roger knew that was his cue and he left.
*
Chapter 48
DC CARPET AND DRAPES
The Secretary of Defense made the arrangements to contact DC CARPET AND DRAPES. The agents were all over the White House the next morning diligently cleaning the carpets and window treatments. The president approached a chubby man with a mild spinal curvature. He had a heavily tanned and balding pate which was poorly covered by an erratic white comb-over, and a moustache equally snowy to the hair. He looked to be in his early sixties, of Italian decent, wearing an ill-fitting grey sweatshirt embroidered with the company logo, DC CARPET AND DRAPES, and doing a smashingly thorough job of cleaning the crimson curtains that covered the windows in the hall outside the Oval Office. His men, throughout the building, had a similar disheveled appearance. The man, his face mapped with sun damage and a continual grin, looked up and turned off the noisy machine before bowing his head respectfully as the president approached.
Oh my goodness, your honor! Its my honor! The mans accent was thick. How about this? How about this? The President of the United States and its Luigi Giacomini, the humble grandson of Italian immigrants who gets the honor to meet him. Its such a pleasure, Mr. President.
Okay, very good, a very convincing act. It is nice to meet you as well, Luigi, but we really need to get down to business. Ill need you and your men in the War Room in half an hour to discuss the intelligence youve gathered.
Luigi looked at him, confused but still smiling.
What kind of carpita you got in there? Is it wool like you got out here or prolypopoline like you got in the Lincoln bedroom?
The secretary counted five men you have with you on the premises, Luigi. Is that an accurate count?
Alberto and Jonny only do the drapes, but so clean that a momma could wrap up her baby boy in them and feed him from her delicate bosom.
In the War Room, Luigi, said the president, looking at his watch, twenty nine minutes, and he walked down the hall.
Ill need more shampoo from my truck, Luigi shouted after him.
I hope thats agent code for something else this time, the president mumbled to himself, as he walked away. He arrived at the War Room, went in, and took a seat at the end of a long maple conference table. As soon as he was seated, the phone placed in front of him rang. He stared at it for five rings, nervously remembering the ear assault Maynard survived, before he finally decided to answer it.
You wanted to speak with me? said a steady cool voice from the receiver.
The President recognized the voice from the last movie hed seen.
Mr. Cruise?
You can call me Tom, Mr. President.
Weve got a national emergency  hell, a global emergency, Tom, and we could really use your help.
You do understand Im just an actor, Mr. President?
Of course I do.
Im just saying, if you want to stage Romeo and Juliet on the White House lawn and invite all of your rich friends over for a fund raiser I can do that. I could even do a celebrity cook off. I make an amazing beef stroganoff. But if this is the type of crisis generally handled with guns, Mr. President, I advise you take the conventional route and call the CIA or the Navy Seals, somebody with killing explicitly stated in their job description.
This is a very delicate and specialized case, Tom. I wouldnt ask if I really didnt need the favor.
Enough said. Ill fly my chopper in right away, Mr. President.
The receiver emitted dial tone and the president found himself alone with his thoughts. He thought about the way his heart sank when the election was determined fraudulent and the news he received that there was going to be a total recount of the ballots. Then, he thought about the elation hed felt upon finally being announced the winner. Now there was this, a fight with an angry little conservation-minded people of a planet who had become dangerous and radical. It had been a real rollercoaster. He thought of President Holcomb, how tired and old he looked after serving only four years. His reflection upon the past few months ended when Luigi and his men came into the room, set up their equipment, and started cleaning the carpet around him.
*
Chapter 49
PAPER BULLIES
Maynard managed to get DC CARPET AND DRAPES to drop their cover and provide the intelligence they had on Tiny Earth. But the day hadnt started out so promising. Upon getting out of bed, the president was greeted by a panic stricken Gentlebird. The First Lady held out a small cake dome and platter that encased her golden retriever Maury. Maury had been reduced to the size of a penny, his tiny barking barely audible. The presidents priceless set of golf clubs, clubs that had belonged to Teddy Roosevelt, had been miniaturized and were in the tiny dome as well. He hugged his wife, being careful not to squeeze the cake dome, crushing her dog or his golf clubs. Dont worry, Gentlebird. Everything will be fine.
Im not happy, Winston. Im really not happy.
Hey little buddy, Pierce knocked on the dome and shouted through the glass. Were going to do something about this. You hear me, Maury? The dog panted and pawed at the glass. Thats a good boy.
On the way to the White House the car Secretary Maynard rode in slowed down to a crawl as if it had suddenly started moving through syrup. It lifted inches above the ground, and then dropped violently, spilling the secretarys coffee down the front of his uniform and bringing his teeth together smartly. This went on throughout the ride every time Maynard attempted to take a sip of his beverage. He cursed under his breath while he scrubbed at the stains on his shirt. Youre a horrible little people. I hate you, Tiny Earth.
Bloom had Rogers scooter shipped to him and he rode it through the city. Every so often he would jump when the horn started blaring on its own. Sometimes it blasted out little patterns and other times it just ran on and on. BLLLAAAAAAHH! He pulled over and got off the scooter, taking a knife from his pocket. He cut the wires that led to the horn and got back on the scooter and resumed his commute. He nearly fell off the bike when the horn suddenly went BLLAAAAAAHH!
The president arrived at the War Room to the six agents from DC CARPET AND DRAPES, a handful of short scientists - two of which were female midgets, the Secretary of Defense, and Tom Cruise, who was wearing a leather jacket that looked similar to one he wore in TOP GUNNERS. One of the midgets kept placing her hand on Toms shoulder and he kept removing it. Luigi and the other agents of DC CARPET AND DRAPES no longer wore work attire and messy hair. They sat in a line at the end of the table wearing crisp blue suits with black ties and matching sunglasses. They were no longer smiling, their expressions now professional, all business, all bad ass. Near the end of the table where the president was, in a small separate desk, with her machine ready, sat the stenographer. Roger and Maynard leaned against the wall at the back of the room. The president took his customary seat at the other end of the table.
Gentlemen, ladies, Tom, the president greeted them, giving Tom a special nod. Tom, leaning back in the chair, wearing dark sunglasses, nodded back. The Secretary of Defense has already briefed you on why weve requested you join us this morning. Were in a bit of a pickle and we need some help. The president surveyed their faces. They all looked appropriately concerned. The continual popping and snapping of the stenographers typing matched the president as he spoke. I want to know what these tiny people may have in mind before arriving on their planet. I want an edge so that-
Suddenly the stenographer pulled back from her machine and watched it slowly bending and crumbling inward, creating loud clanking and screeching metal noises, until it wasnt much bigger than a football. Roger and Maynard started to move but the president calmly waved them off. The stenography machine floated up to the ceiling and remained there like an escape helium balloon. The appointed committee sat silently, slack-jawed. The president remained composed.
Did you bring a spare, Miss Flannigan, as I requested.
She nodded nervously.
Well? the president waited.
Still looking up at the stenography machine which had just up and decided to ignore the laws of physics, she reached under her chair and extracted a black case from which she removed the backup machine. She placed it on the desk where the first had been, lined up the paper, and took a slow deep breath.
Are we ready? asked the president.
She nodded, and they resumed.
This planet, Tiny Earth, though very small, is quite a big bully and-
The second stenography machine started to bend into a ball like the first. The stenographer pushed back from the desk, breathing rapidly, as if she might hyperventilate. After the machine was thoroughly mangled it rose to the ceiling and parked next to the first. Then both of them began circling the room on the ceiling as though they were racing.
No. Thats not the least bit unnerving, mumbled Tom, sarcastically.
The Secretary of Defense had come prepared. He reached into a bag and produced a box containing several dozen pens and a dozen notebooks and brought them to Miss Flannigan. He set them on the small desk and returned to his place at the back of the room.
Hows your shorthand? the president chuckled. The smile faded from his face when the pens hopped out of the box, paired up, walked to the edge of the table, and leapt off, burrowing into the carpet when they hit the floor. Then the paper began tearing from the notebooks, sheet after sheet, twisting into some kind of voodoo-fueled origami which formed a line and congaed around the long table, pausing before each of the horrified committee members to give them a private dance.
Maynard pulled his revolver and took aim. The members of the Tiny Mind Committee ducked and leaned out of his line of fire. Roger reached for his arm, but Maynard shrugged him off. He just couldnt track the little paper bullies long enough to get off a decent shot.
These sons of bitches want to play tough? Fine! yelled the president. Were going to go down there to Tiny Earth and meet them eye to eye! Show them what were made of! Show them we arent intimidated by floating stenography machines and dancing paper! Tiny Earth disrupted our meeting! Thats fine! Tiny Earth disrupts everything! President Pierce stood up and pointed. Luigi, you will accompany me. Luigi nodded but never turned away from the stenography machines that were now driving around on the walls, careening off of each other like bumper cars. You will come, Mr. Secretary. The secretary had put his gun away and was now examining his hat which had been gravity-crushed flat while he was distracted by the dancing paper. And you will come, Mr. Cruise. Tom was now standing on the table throwing karate kicks and chops at the pieces of paper that bounced at him, terrifying and harassing. And you, Faraway. He said, pointing to Roger. Mr. Secretary, get the FBI to round up Holcomb and get him down here, too. That weasels going with us. The rest of you go home today and dont tell anyone were on the edge of going to war with the microscopic planet. Keep it to yourselves. Youre on the honor system. And damn it, Mr. Secretary, tell Tiny Earth to cease the harassment because were agreeing to meet them! As soon as the president said it, the items in the room dropped. One of the stenography machines fell from the ceiling right through the table, making everyone jump.
*
Chapter 50
YOU MAY KEEP THE GOAT HEADS, SIR
Are aliens the devil? There are many paranoid individuals on Earth who theorize, even to this day, that aliens are actually devils right out of your Bible. I can sum up the answer to that question right quick. No, aliens are not devils. This technologically advanced beings-being-devils theory has been a theme that occasionally rears its head among Earthlings throughout the ages. Its nothing but the byproduct of misunderstanding and fear. When some of the earliest men on Earth, the Neanderthals, learned to harness and use fire, other Neanderthals from nearby camps who hadnt gotten over their unhealthy fear of that particular tool surmised that the men using the fire must be using magic. And if they were using magic then they were evil. And if they were evil then they must be the devil. So the non-fire-using Neanderthals formed armies and went after the Neanderthals that were using fire. When the angry mob arrived, clubs in hand, ready to do battle, the fire-using Neanderthals simply set them ablaze, eradicating anyone who had the notion that they were evil, and thus fire was accepted as not being evil and the men who used it were no longer thought to be devils. When men first learned to bend glass so that they could see for great distances, those men were quickly identified as using sorcery, and possibly being devils, also. Another party of hostiles was formed and the angry men set out to destroy the men using bent glass, but the men using the sorcery of bent glass saw the others coming with their telescopes and set traps for them in which they fell and were impaled with sharpened stakes. After that incident, telescopes were widely accepted as not being evil and those who used them were no longer thought to be devils. This pattern tends to repeat throughout Earths history whenever something new and fun is discovered that raises the hair on mens backs and makes them tingle, and unfortunately it continues to be the case today.
It does not help matters in regard to this subject that Mogonites look very much like the devil described in the Bible, with their bright red skin, pointy black beards, black horns, and tail. It also doesnt help matters that Mogonites are tremendously poor with directions, causing frequent encounters with Earthlings throughout Earths history. On more than a few occasions, Mogonites, after consuming large quantities of Clauster gas (the most enjoyable, horrible, fantastic, terrible drug in the galaxy) and getting blindly and dementedly high, have mistaken Earth for their actual destination and arrived at some lonely country house where a farmer and his wife were attempting to enjoy a peaceful evening at home, knitting and talking about milk and eggs and such. And then Mogonites show up at their home with freshly slaughtered, bloody goats over their shoulders, carrying jeweled goblets filled with Rensor (a horrible smelling but even worse tasting intoxicant), belting out the Mogonite chant, which is the Mogonite tradition when surprising friends with a visit. They barge right into the house, which again is traditional with the Mogonites, and snatch the man and woman from their comfortable home, and march out into the night with their guests over the opposite shoulder from the slaughtered goat. And then they run and they chant, Hummmm chukka chukka! Hummmmm chukka chukka! Hummmmm chukka chukka! until they reach the bonfire they have set up. Once there, they dump their guests on the ground and rub goat blood all over their bodies and themselves until they glisten by the light of the fire They spear their goats onto branches they rip from nearby trees and roast them in the fire while their horrified guests watch on - that is, when the guests at the feast are accidently human, and not the friends that they meant to visit. The clauster gas tends to cause triple vision making it difficult to recognize old friends from a lamp post, let alone another being. So, it is almost always terrifying for the guests. As a matter of fact, there has only been one such occasion during which the human guest wasnt terrified. It was when a lonely old Farmer named Gilbert Nordstrom was abducted by Drunken Mogonites from a farm in Minnesota. He was known to be quite odd by the people in the local town but somewhat easygoing, and a very good listener. Rather than screaming at the top of his lungs and kicking wildly when the Mognonites busted into his home and yanked him from his comfortable recliner, Gilbert was pleasantly surprised by the unexpected and rare company he received that night. He had to keep himself from giggling during the bumpy run out under the stars to the bonfire. Once there, he remembered he had a baggie of deer venison in the front pocket of his bibs, his own special recipe with lots of pepper. He shared it with the Mogonites while they roasted the goats. When the feast was ready Gilbert partook of the slaughtered goat, and the horrible smelling Rensor he was given (He found that after the first rank mouthful of Rensor the rest seemed just as terrible).He laughed when one of the Mogonites burped and fire shot from his nostrils. Gilbert laughing made the Mogonites laugh, too. Their laugh was like a wolf howling combined with a baby screaming and large rocks being smacked together. Gilbert listened to the Mogonites tell their joy-filled stories of hunting victories, and he felt their sadness when their hunts had turned up nothing and the villagers had to go hungry. The Mogonites pranced around the fire, acting out their adventures, speaking with their deep raspy Mogonite voices. Gilbert did his best to smile and nod at the right places and frown when the Mogonites were telling a story that seemed sad. At one point the Mogonites all pointed to Gilbert, expecting him to stand in the light of the fire and act out one of his adventures. Gilbert did his best to fit in and share the Mogonite tradition. He acted out the events of a morning that he was out fishing in the nearby river and caught a fish. When he could see by the looks on their faces that the Mogonites wanted to know how big the fish was Gilbert held his hands out wide indicating that the fish was enormous. The Mogonites all nodded respectfully. Then Gilbert shook his head and moved his arms in very close, indicating a tiny fish, and nodded sadly. The Mogonites busted with laughter, flames shooting from their noses as if from a flame thrower. After the feast, the Mogonites all hugged Gilbert and bid him farewell. They let him keep all of the goat heads which in Mogonite tradition indicates that they have great respect for you. Then the Mogonites boarded their ship and flew home, and Gilbert went back to his dull, eventless, lonely life, only to look up at the stars once in awhile and sigh, missing the friends he made. But Gilbert was the only Earthling that ever truly understood Mogonites. All the other humans who have encountered Mogonites misunderstood their intentions, believing they were to be roasted and eaten after the goats, and fled into the woods, later to tell their stories to any sympathetic ear which would listen to the tale about the horrible, terrifying creatures who tried to eat them one night.
But, once again, to answer the question about whether aliens are the devil or not, the answer is most definitely not. Then again, if we aliens, in fact, are the devil, the father of all lies, as he is known, then you can hardly trust us on this subject, can you?
*
Chapter 51
THERES NOTHING THAT ID RATHER EAT THAN YOU
The next day, Earths Peace Committee gathered in the park in a tight circle with their backs to each other and waited to be shrunken down and transported to Tiny Earth.
So, Luigi, said President Pierce, why is it that we need to be in this park in order for them to bring us to their planet?
They need to be close to us, their planet near the surface of our planet, in order to get their technology to work. Im certain that their planet is fairly close to us right now.
Suddenly Tom Cruise threw a couple of random karate kicks into the air, followed by a downward chop. Roger was wearing a small ear piece which he was using to stay in contact with a general from Tiny Earth.
Mr. Cruise, they would like you to please stop that. Youre messing with their subatomic particle locater, said Roger.
Maybe I want to mess with their subatomic particlething.
Theyre telling me that your random movement presents the possibility that youll arrive without your limbs.
Fine, Tom agreed, nodding slowly. But Im choosing to stop on my own. Tom became very still.
Why the hell am I here, Winston? You had me dragged right out of a warm bed this morning. Do you have any idea how much you frightened Norma?
You knew about Tiny Earth for years and never said a thing, said President Pierce, angrily.
If I had, do you really think you wouldve taken the job as president? Why do you think you came on so strong at the end of our race and won? This country wasnt going to elect you. I was going to win again. My associates made certain of it. I was the one who gave the committee the evidence they needed for the recount. And I had to stage that last minute scandal with those Girl Scouts just to shed some of my votes. What a surprise, the upstart challenger Winston Pierce has just taken both Texas and Florida! the former president said, sarcastically. Those were my states, Winston. Do you really think those voters wouldve ever voted for you if I hadnt forced it to happen?
Its starting. Please keep still, Mr. Presidents, said Roger.
The peace committee felt the warmth of their atoms beginning to speed up and then suddenly it was done. They found themselves in a glamorous room with a very tall, very old, and very naked man, watching them.
Who are you? asked the president as soon as he was oriented.
Does this help? The naked man grabbed a crown from his desk and placed it on his head, then sat down on the corner of his desk and folded his arms. How about that? The flesh eating waste mongers have finally arrived.
King Johnson, Said Holcomb.
Youre a slippery one, President Holcomb. Your promises are as hard to contain as a buttered eel. He motioned to a large table that was rising from the floor. Chairs followed. Why dont you men have a seat and Ill have one of the inhabitants of our planet killed and cooked so that we can satiate your blood lust, said the king sarcastically.
Good. Im starving, said Holcomb, as he headed for the table.
Tom kept looking at his body and then at everyone else.
Why am I like a foot shorter than everybody else? This isnt right. You guys screwed up. Im not even close to being proportional to the others.
Perhaps it was all the moving and kicking you did just before transport, Tom. The king smirked.
All of you wasters, please take a seat. King Donalds smile was condescending. We have demands to get to.
The peace committee sat politely at the table watching King Donald, except for the president, who remained standing at the front of the table, an intentional exhibition of equality to the king. The king walked up alongside the president and stood very close so that he could look down on him.
You know that shrinking me down until Im smaller than you and then looking down on me like youre superior to me because youre now taller makes very little sense because in actuality Im far taller than you are. In fact, Im immense in comparison to you, said President Pierce, looking up at King Johnson.
Really, said the king flashing his condescending smile again. Not anymore, Mr. President. Sit down.
Only because I choose to, said the president, looking over at Tom for his approval. We dont follow orders.
The kings wife entered and looked at the Peace Committee. She was as tall as he was and not much prettier.
Oh, we have guests, how nice.
The president leaned into Tom and whispered, You think you could seduce her and get us some type of advantage?
I really dont think so.
No? Not even with your charm and good looks?
I couldnt do it.
You want to give it a try, Tom, you know, without alerting the king to what youre up to?
Tom looked at the enormous naked bony woman.
Im afraid that it just wouldnt work.
I always say nothing ventured, nothing gained, but Ill respect your opinion.
The kings wife left.
A couple of men, even older looking than the king, brought in a tray of fruit and a vessel of water that had multiple tubes hanging from its sides, like octopus arms. The man with the tray of fruit brushed Holcombs face with his underarm as he reached forward to set the tray on the table. Holcombs face contorted and he rubbed his tongue with the back of his sleeve and spat.
Where are your clothes? asked the former president.
Clothing is just another constraint, answered the king.
As the naked man with the strange water vessel neared Roger, he quickly scooted his chair back so the man wouldnt get him with the same treatment Holcomb got. Then the men who had brought the fruit and water left.
Lets get right to it, said President Pierce. What is it that you want from us?
Your diplomacy needs work, Mr. President, but Ill do as you like and cut to the chase. First, the inhabitants of big fat Earth, as we often refer to you, will immediately cease eating their fellow inhabitants and keep their nutritional choices to vegetation. And second, they will agree to be resized so that they are less of a burden on Earths resources. Those are our simple and reasonable demands,
No more meat? asked a shocked Holcomb. No deal. That means giving up burgers and steak and chicken and pork chops and bacon and-
Yes, President Holcomb, no more eating your neighbors.
And we need to become as small as you are? asked Roger.
Thats correct, Mr. Faraday. King Johnson looked to President Peirce. President Pierce, youve already got a leg up on the rest of your people. Your golf clubs are nearly down to size. King Donald laughed.
What you did to Gentlebirds dog was cruel. Maury was so frightened, said the president, gritting his teeth.
A harmless but necessary warning, Mr. President. We actually treat our animals far better than you do back on your planet. We miniaturize them even further so that they have plenty of room to move around. The king pushed a button on the wall near the table and a tiny ranch slid out with extremely small horses galloping around in it. The king grabbed a pitcher from a nearby shelf and watered them. Here it comes, guys, rainstorm.
When does this madness end? How small do you shrink things? said Holcomb, tugging at his hair.
The king pushed the button again and the horses and the ranch disappeared back into the wall.
How about a compromise, King Johnson? How about shrinking us down to ten percent of our original size? Then we could still live in our big houses and drive our big cars but we couldnt eat as many of our neighbors. That might be easier to sell to the people of Earth, offered Secretary Maynard.
No compromise, said the king.
If you can already shrink us then why dont you just do it, asked President Pierce.
Because they can only shrink a few things at a time when employing their technologyfrom their own planet. They need us to voluntarily come down here, interrupted Luigi. They need our cooperation to convert us on a grand scale.
Im not giving up steak, persisted Holcomb.
The king clapped his hands and two very young attractive women entered, clothed in baggy beige coveralls.
Bring Madeline and a pair of communicators in, please.
The women exited.
Why is it that those women are clothed? asked Roger.
Those are necessary uniforms so that their jobs can readily be identified, answered the king, as if it was obvious.
The women returned with a cow and two pair of what looked like headphones, more primitive than the pair of telepathic communicators Roger had.
Im going to give you, President Holcomb, the opportunity to tell Madeline why youd like to eat her. Put this on. He held out one of the head pieces to Holcomb, who put it on, and the other he placed on the cow.
Holcomb looked really uncomfortable as he faced the cow.
Go ahead, Mr. Holcomb. These devices allow you to communicate with her. Explain to Madeline why you feel its okay to eat her.
Holcomb took a deep breath. Its not meant to be cruel. I just love the way you taste. I think your fantastic with steak sauce or ketchup, or even plain old mustard if thats all thats available.
Madeline groaned.
I really wish youd see it for what it actually is, continued Holcombe, a tremendous compliment. Theres nothing back on Earth that Id rather eat than you.
Madeline moaned again and looked to King Donald.
Thats enough, President Holcomb! the king said angrily. He yanked the head piece from Holcomb.
I thought that went okay. I thought she understood, said Holcomb, looking at the others from Earth.
Listen to me, inhabitants of Earth, said King Johnson. Were not asking for your cooperation this time. Were demanding it.
And if we dont meet your demands? asked Secretary Maynard.
Then the humans on big fat Earth will sizzle like a ball of bacon and the planet will be left one big nature preserve. The king looked at each of them and let it sink in.
All that talk about bacon and sizzling. I really am getting hungry, said Holcomb.
Im going to give you some privacy so you can discuss what youll need to tell your people and then Ill be back to get things started, said the king. Then, the king, Madeline, and the attractive women, left the committee to themselves.
*
Chapter 52
BANG! BANG! BANG! WENT THE LITTLE TINY ROCKET
You humans have come a long way but you really cant afford to get cocky about it. After all, youre still attempting to use gas fueled engines to make your way about. Gas fueled engines use a series of continual controlled explosions to power your ships. Its like you humans insist on being at war with your atmosphere rather than working with it. Gravity isnt that complicated. And its not your enemy which you need to perpetually engage in battle. Work with gravity. Allow it to move out of your way so that you can travel gracefully, effortlessly, in whatever direction necessary, and without all of that noise.
You humans still have many questions you havent been able to answer yet and the one that may be your biggest is probably the question of whether there is an omniscient and omnipotent being that oversees us all. Your continually developing, but still tiny brains, may have a tremendously difficult time wrapping around this piece of reality but the answer is yes. Yes, God exists. And He is immense. Ive seen Him personally, although I did what any intelligent being would do and I cowered and looked the other way until He passed. That is what we all do. We dont know what His intentions are but we certainly dont want to make someone as powerful as Him angry. He could sneeze, if He cared to, and send the rings of Saturn sailing across the galaxy like a giant Frisbee. You humans, its amazing that He has put up with your constant silliness this long. If youd truly like to make it into the AHC one day youll first have to survive God and not incur His final wrath. Youve got to find a little respect and show some decorum once in a while. Earth cant remain an ongoing party planet forever. And for goodness sake, stop singing songs about the Supreme Beings son. Why would you possibly want to remind Him of how poorly that whole situation went? I think that Id say as little as possible about it if I were you. But not you. You all go around celebrating and singing songs about it. Its truly a wonder that youve made it this far. I half expect God to someday pluck your tiny blue planet out of its orbit, roll it back and forth between His thumb and forefinger, and then flick your planet across the universe, the way one of you might do with something you found dried up in your nose. Take a little advice and lay low like the rest of us. And thats all I have to say on that matter.
*
Chapter 53
ALL THAT IM SAYING IS, GIVE PEACE A CHANCE?
The citizens of Earth are never going to go for this. We like everything big, from our beverages to our cars, said the president.
And bloody, added Holcomb. Im not about to start eating dandelions for dinner every night, and neither is anyone else.
Were going to have to fight them, said Secretary Maynard.
Thats a certain loss. Theyre far too advanced for us to fight. Theyd destroy us easily, said Luigi.
No, argued Roger. Fighting them is not the answer. We need to find a way to coexist. First we need to slow down and listen. Mr. President, this is the first time weve ever had anyone from Earth meet with King Johnson to listen to his complaints. Maybe hes even right about some of the things hes saying. Maybe we shouldnt be eating all of the animals on Earth when vegetation is so abundant on our planet. And maybe we do waste too many of our resources. These could be things to consider. I guess that what I really want to say is that I think we need to slow down and give peace a chance.
I sure wish wed smuggled the suitcase nuke down here with us. I offered, Mr. President, to put it down my pants.
It made you look like you had a big flat square butt, Maynard, said the president.
I already have a big flat square butt, argued Maynard, turning around to sell his point.
Theres a time and a place for a fight but weve been making it our first option far too often, said Roger. Weve got to stop killing everyone that has a different view than ours. Cant we take some more time to get to understand these people and their king? Couldnt we benefit with more information? War shouldnt always be the first solution.
Theyre the aggressors! yelled Maynard. Remember? They declared war on us, kid!
Settle down. Fighting amongst ourselves is not going to help matters, said the president, taking control. What do you propose we do, Roger?
Negotiate and talk and negotiate and discuss and review options and after all of that, negotiate some more, until we find an option that doesnt end in billions of deaths. Roger threw up his hands in frustration. You brought me along to try to negotiate a deal but you dont even want to give me a chance to do what I know how to do. Theres always a better answer than killing each other.
Hes right, said Tom, stepping forward and laying both of his hands on Rogers shoulders and looking into his eyes. Its about living, not dying. Its about peace, not war. Its about love, not hate. Weve got to explore other options.
Thank you, said Roger, returning Toms embrace.
You need to know something though, Roger. Someone is going to have to go back to Earth and really help them understand what kind of a disaster were trying to avert. Make them understand that this is real and that we may have to make some compromises. You need to go back, Roger, and convince the brass, and then get them to agree to let you talk to the world.
Do you think King Johnson will understand?
He has to if he really wants to find an agreement. He cant expect us to speak for everyone on Earth. We have to be unified in something this big. Talk to King Johnson, Roger. Explain what you need to do and well do what we can to cooperate with you and establish a friendship with Tiny Earth, said Tom.
Toms right. You need to go back and speak for us, said the president.
Roger left and found King Johnson. He told him what had been discussed in their meeting, explaining that hed have to be returned to Earth and that he would connect with Luigi through their phones so that he could negotiate a peace treaty. The king agreed and Roger returned to the others with the good news. Roger synched his communicator with Luigis, bid them farewell, and was resized and returned to Earth. As soon as he was gone Tom addressed the others.
*
Chapter 54
BITE ME
What a bleeding heart. I wasnt sure if I could handle another minute with him. Im glad hes gone. Now lets get down to business. I have a plan. I think we could take these tiny bastards out, said Tom. But itd have to be here and now.
I thought you said-
I know, Mr. President, but it had to be done. That hippy kid wasnt about to do anybody any favors. Earthlings will never go for King Johnsons demands and that means billions of Earthlings dead. But it could be just us who had to die. We could save planet Earth.
We cant just kick ass on all of them like you do in your movies, Mr. Cruise, said an irritated Holcomb.
What do you have, Tom? I can see that somethings been going on in that adventurous brain of yours, said President Pierce.
I learned a rare type of communication from John Travolta when I was dog sledding on retreat with him in Siberia. He taught me to make a call to a dog by channeling air through my nose. The sound is so irritating to dogs that theyll bite you just to make it stop. A dog will even bite his master. But make no mistake about it. Therell be no escape. Well be martyrs.
How the hell is making one of these tiny dogs bite you going to save Earth? asked Maynard.
No. I know what Tom is thinking. Dogs have one hundred times the hearing ability of humans, and Tiny Earth is hovering in a crowded park right now back on Earth, said Luigi.
Right, a park crowded with dogs, added the president. Tom, youre a genius. I knew there was a reason we needed to have you with us. The president looked to the other members of the Peace Committee. The people of earth still live in a democracy. America will never put up with a dictator like King Johnson. This may be our only opportunity. What do you guys think? Should we do this? Like Tom said, itll cost us our lives.
The president looked at the nervous faces of the committee from one member to the next as they nodded in agreement, with the exception of Holcomb, who did as he always did at meetings and voted present.
Weve got our vote. Lets do this. Today we have the opportunity to be heroes, fellas, said the president. Even if no one else ever knows about it. Like Tom said, we can be martyrs.
You know, Ive had a moment to think about it and giving up meat might not be that hard, said Holcomb.
Ill lead us in prayer before Tom begins, said the president. Please Lord, let the inhabitants of Tiny Earth get smashed into a billion pieces as they are chewed up by a random dog in the park back on our beloved planet, and afterward, please let their dismembered corpses rot in the belly of that dog until they are shit from its bowels and eaten by maggots. We thank you, Lord. Amen.
The others all said Amen, too, except for Holcomb.
Lets do it, Tom. Whenever youre ready. The president clapped him on the shoulder.
Tom nodded and crouched down. He pinched his nostrils together and took a deep breath. He contracted his abdominal muscles until he was shaking. The committee looked on in wonder. Tom relaxed for a minute and did it again, his body convulsing, occasionally allowing audible hissing noises to escape from his nose. In the park back on Earth, Nema broke away from her owner and ran to a spot in the park and stared at the air, turning her head from one side to the other, her ears perked, then back, her teeth bared, and suddenly-
Madeline came running into the room and bit Tom on the arm. He screamed and grabbed his elbow trying to get her to release her grip.
Luigi stepped in and pulled the cows jaws apart so Tom could free his arm.
Get that damn cow out of here! And close the door this time! Tom screamed at the others. That really hurt, he said, rubbing his arm and examining the teeth marks.
Luigi led the cow from the room and secured the door while Tom took a deep breath and pinched his nose again. He started to tremble, high pitched squeaking noises sneaking out of his nose. Back on Earth a woman shouted for her dog to come back, NEMA, COME HERE! WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT? WHAT ARE YOU DOING! and suddenly, as the peace committee watched each other nervously, Tiny Earth went black.
*
Chapter 55
TO FAIL ON A MASSIVE SCALE

Roger continued calling Luigi but got no answer. He checked the readout on his communication device and found there was no longer a line to Luigi.
They did it, Bloom, Roger said, sadly. I dont know how they did it but they followed through with whatever Maynards plan was and destroyed Tiny Earth. They told me they wouldnt do it. Tom talked the rest of them into giving me a chance to work things out but the line just went dead and the planet dropped off the location grid. Theyre gone. Theyre all dead. The Peace Committee and the people of Tiny Earth.
Bloom put his head down. After a moment of silence he put his hand on Rogers shoulder and looked him in the eyes.
Listen to me. It hurts. We lost some good people. But theres nothing we can do now, Roger. You didnt see it coming. It happens. We have to let it go.
We lost some good people? What about all of the others? What about all of the inhabitants of Tiny Earth? Theyre dead, too! Dont they matter to you? Roger threw up his hands. Thats it? Just, let it go? Roger pulled away from him and slammed his hand down on the table. That was an epic disaster and you want me to just shake it off like some little leaguer that just struck out in a baseball game?
Its been a long day, kid. Bloom pulled his hand from Rogers shoulder. We just go home and pick up the pieces. Tomorrow we start over. Do the best we can. Everything doesnt always work out the way we want it to. These disasters are terrible, but theyll happen again. Weve got to be strong.
I dont know if I can do this job. You sent me to negotiate a peace treaty and it resulted in a sea of blood. What kind of peace negotiator is that? Our president, the peace committee, and an entire planet full of people are all gone! Theyre all dead! Hasnt that sunk in yet?
You cant look at it that way. You were trying to save everyone. Sometimes we cant get through to people. Sometimes it all goes bad. Thats the basis of every war. A breakdown in communication. Leaders giving in to their passions and committing horrendous acts. Tiny Earth wouldnt back down so the committee took matters into their own hands.
I shouldnt have left. I shouldve stayed there and walked them through this. Been the voice of reason.
They sent you back here intentionally. To get you out of the way so that you wouldnt interfere. I can feel it in my gut. Bloom grabbed Roger by the arm. Go home, sport. Try to put it out of your mind for a while. Ill meet with you tomorrow. There are some other things that we have to discuss.
What? What could possibly make today any worse?
Well talk about it tomorrow. Not now. Go home and get some rest first. I have to work out some things with Vice President Dugger while he takes over for the president. I cant believe Dugger is going to be in charge. What a nightmare.
Roger walked out of the War Room with his head down. He wasnt about to get some rest. Hed barely sleep that night.
*
Chapter 56
THIS IS ME WALKING AWAY
The next day Bloom met Roger in the parking lot of the Pizza Star. As usual, Bloom was dressed as a laborer and waiting on the tailgate of his pickup. Roger parked a ways down, as always, and walked the rest of the way. His feet barely left the pavement as he shuffled across the lot, climbed up on the tailgate, and stared at the ground. Bloom reached into his pocket and switched his umbrella on so that they could talk in private.
How you holding up, sport?
Roger just shrugged.
Like I said yesterday, none of that was your fault.
Roger nodded.
Theres something else that I need to tell you.
Roger looked over at him.
I know where your girl is.
Emma? Roger said, looking up, eyes wide. You found her? Where is she, Bloom?
When you told me that youd gone by her house a couple of times and she wasnt there I really wanted to say something, but I couldnt.
What are you talking about, Bloom? Roger said, nervously. What happened to Emma?
We didnt have much choice. Emma wasnt human, sport. She was a Zephlon. They look a lot like we do, nearly identical, and their anatomies are pretty similar. Their lungs are a little different than ours and they have two hearts. I kept wondering if shed slip up and youd figure out that she wasnt from our world. He patted Roger on the back. Im really sorry. I knew how much you cared for her.
No. You have no idea how much I cared for her, Bloom. I wouldve done anything for her. I love her.
We think that your cover might have gotten blown before Maynards screwup and she was using you to gain information. She learned to act and look totally human by watching old reruns of a British action series from the sixties called The Avengers. It starred a male character named John Steed and a female by the name of Emma Peele. Miss Peele drove a convertible Lotus Elan and worked for a magazine as a writer. Sound familiar?
I cant believe this, Roger said, burying his face in his hands.
Its true, sport. Bloom sighed.
How long did you know?Roger asked, looking up from his hands.
I had her under surveillance right after you mentioned her. We cant be too safe about such matters.
She said that she loved me.
I know she did, sport.
Roger slammed his hand on the tailgate.
Bloom shrugged. We were watching you. We knew everything she told you.
Why didnt you say something to me? Why did you let me go on believing her lies?
We were hoping that by watching her we might learn more about these rumors that Earth is about to be part of a yard sale for the rest of the galaxy.
You used me as bait?
Im sorry. This is a job. We have to do whats best for the planet. You need to understand that.
So you deported her?
We left information that brought a branch of the Universal Government to collect her.
What did they do with her?
Im afraid I dont have those details, kid.
You cant tell me anything, Bloom?
Ive got nothing for you.
Roger slid off the tailgate and looked Bloom in the eye. Then I guess Ive got nothing for you either. Roger pulled the satchel off of his shoulder and took the umbrella out of it. He tossed the satchel into the back of Blooms pickup.
What are you doing?
Roger pulled his communicator out of his pocket and tossed that in the bed of the pickup too. He held up the umbrella. Im keeping this. Good luck finding me.
Roger, dont do it! Dont quit! You cant quit!
Watch me, said Roger, walking away from the truck. Bloom jumped off the tailgate and followed him, trying to reason things out. But it was too late. Roger was past that. Bloom followed him for a good fifteen minutes, talking, trying to get him to calm down. Roger kept walking without saying another word. Eventually, Bloom gave up. He reached into his pocket and turned off his umbrella so that he could call the bureau. Then he pulled his communicator out of his other pocket, wrapped with his handkerchief, and held it to his face as he punched a series of buttons.
Yes. How are things? answered the voice. Agent code for: What is your dilemma?
My nephew has gone on vacation, Bloom told the voice. It was agent code for: the agent I have been mentoring has gone AWOL.
Perhaps you should pack a bag and join him, offered the voice. Agent code for: are you able to go get him back?
I would like to but he left for a spot Im unfamiliar with. He even prepared for bad weather. Agent code for: I cant track him. He also has his umbrella.
Thats a shame, said the voice. Well see if we can help you get in touch with him. Agent code for: Well put out a search for the agent immediately.
Bloom headed back to the truck, hoping that Roger would calm down later and reconsider. When he got back to the truck, he froze. He had left the satchel and the communicator unprotected and now they were both gone. And that is why they had missed the distress signal coming in to Rogers phone from somewhere outside the planet.
THE ENDFOR NOW
Book 2 coming soon
